My boyfriend and I headed out to Louisianne's on the recommendation of a couple of his friends. We were encouraged to make reservations as the couple noted how this place is frequently filled to capacity every night. 

Well, Sunday night it's not so. And that's when we went.

Louisianne's is located underground, and the atmosphere below is warm and inviting. To the left is the bar with the piano and stage for the jazz bands that play nearly every night. In front of and to the right are small, white-clothed tables. 

Our service was excellent. Because there happened to be so few people there that night, the host and the waitress were both quite talkative and welcoming. The meal was delicious (you don't need appetizers here - the entree portions are QUITE large). 

I highly recommend it and can't wait to go back for the nights of live jazz.
BEST.CREME.BRULEE.EVER!!

And the food, the piano bar, the service is ABSOLUTELY to die for.

Louisiannes is the kind of place that you can GENUINELY never go wrong.  It's in an underground cave, very "Adams Family Values" (Ok, isn't it bad that I compare it to a movie), their wine list is VERY extensive, and if you go at ~6ish, there's always the piano man, ready to delect you with a rendition of a bluesy jazzy tune...

While I think reservation is HIGHLY recommended (there's like 10 tables at MOST), it just so happens that everytime my husband and I go, we can get in.. Lucky us!!!

Seriously, by far one of the BEST restaurants in Madison (whoops Middleton).
Yum - I love Louisianne's. A bit fancy for every day, but the food is fantastic, the atmosphere in the restaurant is great and the service has always been good. Very delicious! I can't wait to go back!
Grade: C

Skip the overpriced, nasty Cajun food and go for the desserts! Very pricey. I plan to give this place another try soon.
One of my favorite dining experiences in the Madison area. The underground atmosphere at Louisianne's is quaint yet not unsophisticated; we went on the eve of a snowstorm, so the pianist didn't make it in to play--though I'm sure he would have made a nice dinnertime addition.

Service was friendly and efficient. Our lemon artichoke appetizer was excellent--akin to bruschetta, but minus the tomatoes and plus pine nuts and a decadent lemon-y parmesan topping. For an entree, I ordered the blackened catfish with spinach mashed potatoes, and wasn't disappointed... though I will say my fish was seasoned on the heavy side. I didn't mind the additional kick, but you may want to let the staff know if you don't like the sensation of blackened fire-breathing between bites.

I was also pleased with the wine selection. And really, how can you go wrong with the chocolate creme brulee for dessert? Thanks, Louisianne's, for a warm, inviting dinner--and for heating me up with enough cajun spice to temporarily make me forget how blustery it is outdoors!
Tops: Ambiance, particularly on a cold winter night.  Wine list - well balanced and fairly priced.  Sitting at the bar listening to music - you could do it all night. 

Food: Good, but can be a bit over-rich at times and it is not cheap. Desserts are uber. 

Service: For me, it has always been good.
Not knock your socks off but good. Atmosphere in the downstairs dining room is nice quiet. A good place to go with friends and have a conversation.  I had the escargot which was good -- could have had a little more garlic. Red beans & rice was especially good. Salad was average. For out of towners staying at the "big box" motels at the edge of town this place is way better than the chain restaurants around the motels and well worth the short walk into town (maybe not in winter).
I was really excited to come here and usually really like cajun food. What I got was a plate full of super-salty rice and beans. I couldn't finish it and left hungry. I'm hoping it was just a mistake. I'll give it another try one of these days.
I decided, after much positive feedback from clients of mine(and a peek at my fellow yelpers reviews), to surprise my BF with dinner at Louisianne's for our third anniversary tonight. From the moment we walked in, I was really charmed. It has this cavernous feel(in a good, cozy romantic way--not a dank, moldy creepy way) with nice lighting and just all around nice ambiance. 

Our waitress was good, if a bit overzealous...and I loved the fact that she automatically brought me a small carafe of iced tea when she brought my filled glass. Nice. I'm a heavy(tea) drinker, so this was great! I enjoyed my shrimp and corn chowder, but I would have liked to have seen a bit more shrimp(but when is TOO MUCH shrimp ever possible). I also had roasted shrimp for my entree, which were delicious! Nice spicy flavor, with a ton of rosemary. I wasn't too impressed with the side of spinach and tomatoes, however. The Cabernet reduction that they came DOUSED in was a bit too rich. I wish it had been more of a glaze than a heavy sauce. No matter, I was too full to eat much of it anyhow. My boyfriend seemed surprised and delighted by the coffee roasted chicken with the orange-ricotta sauce( the bite I had was quite tasty). 

Also, I love the fact that they have live jazz on the piano tues-sat nights starting at 6pm(although tonight he started more like 6:30). It was really nice. We said that we would definitely go another night for drinks and appetizers(which looked tempting) in the bar/lounge area with friends.
Louisianne's has seared it's place inside of my restaurant experience. The food is so good, that every time my girlfriend and I consider going to any other restuarant, we would have to consider the huge opportunity cost of not going to Louisianne's.

The place is dungeon-esque, but not in a bad way. It's dimly lit, underground, but often times has a pianist setting the New Orleans mood.

The food is incredible. Every time we go there we try to get something different, and we're floored by how good the meals are, and how much of it you get. The appetizers were delicious (we've had the platter for two, and the pulled pork crepes), the soup we've had with our entrees were amazing each time, with an intense flavor.

Their specials change every time we've been there, and if they don't interest you, their regular menu is always exceptional. We've had the roasted shrimp, the tasso and shrimp fettucine, the maple-cured duck, the steak, the seafood au gratin, and each time not only did we get one delicious meal, but enough to have an amazing lunch the next day.

The only con I can give Louisianne's is that they give you so much good food that you can never get to the desserts. This restaurant is the one that my girlfriend and I benchmark all other restaurants by, and before we go out to eat anywhere else, we have to strongly consider the consequences of NOT going to Louisianne's.
My boyfriend and I went here on a whim one night.  I was totally underwhelmed.

First of all, the service was REEEEEALLY slow.  from the appetizer on down, everything took forever to arrive.

The lemon parmesan artichoke hearts were delicious!  the flavors were all perfect.  That was my favorite part of the meal.  My salad was good.  My boyfriend didn't like his soup, so we traded.  The soup was just okay.

I ordered the maple cured duck, and I was surprised at how fatty and tough my duck was.  I really had a hard time eating it because the texture in my mouth made me kind of gag.  the veggies it came with were good, and the flavor of the duck was good.  I'm not normally one to order duck, and I really wished I didn't (I was torn about the coffee chicken.  I normally get chicken, but it seemed like an odd combo of flavors). My boyfriend got the seafood au gratin which was much better.

The best part was that I was so full on bread by the time my entree arrived that I didn't feel like so much of an ass asking for most of my meal to be put in a doggie bag.  I'd be willing to give this place another chance though.
Met some friends here for drinks at the bar, which is shockingly small and not suited for groups larger than 4. The house wines are excellent. I got the lemon artichoke hearts - which were awful, and overpriced. The bread crumbs were drenched in butter and had a greasy feel to them, and the lemon was overpowering. The piano player didn't know any of the songs my friends or I requested - and we weren't making ridiculous requests - what piano player doesn't know Irving Berlin? 

It's a great place to sit and talk and drink wine, AFTER you've eaten somewhere else.
I saw Lousianne's on the news one night.  So I took my boyfriend there for our date night.  

We were extremely underdressed for the occasion.  A co-worker had told me it was a little fancier than casual but we went totally casual anyway.  Good news is, it had dim lightening.  We had a drink at the bar and were quickly seated.  I'm a vegetarian, so I tried a pasta dish while my boyfriend had steak.  We had the goat cheese appetizer, it was better than I expected.  It had a sauce to it that had a really unique taste to it.  The entrees were good, I wouldn't say the pasta was worth the price and I wish I would have tried the vegetarian jambalaya.  We topped off the meal with the White chocolate mousse  for dessert.  It was the best part of the whole meal, knocked my socks off.

I would recommend this place, especially to meat eaters.  
The service was great, our waitress was timely.  She checked in often and never hurried us to finish and leave.
All our friends had raved about the food & ambiance, so my wife & I finally decided to try Louisianne's.  The decor is indeed cozy- like a nicely made-up cellar.  There was plenty of room at the bar so we sat there before our reservation time arrived.  Only two beers on tap, but both good local brews from Capital. 
Eventually sat at our table & perused the menu.  Found many appetizers that sounded really good (including one of the specials that night) so we decided on sharing 2 apps and one entree... seemed like a good way to try a few items without getting too much food.
App #1 (the special): gnocchi in a savory cream sauce with crawfish was very tasty.  Seemed a bit light in the gnocchi (I think there were 5 or 6) but made up for it in sauce.  Two thumbs way up.
App #2: mussels in cream sauce... I had asked about the size of the mussels ahead of time and was told they were medium to large.  They were in fact medium to small, which was a bit of a bummer because we probably would have gone with a different app had we known.  But the flavors were good & we enjoyed sopping up the sauce with the bread.  And the bread they serve is quite good.  Two thumbs up.
Entree: Crawfish Etouffe... I was excited to try this as I hadn't had etouffe in years.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  If you went to a friend's house for dinner and they served this you'd be psyched, but at an upscale Cajun restaurant for $20 you may be left underwhelmed.  Two thumbs halfway up.  The salad that came with was fresh mesclun greens, with a bleu cheese dressing that was chunky but bland.
Midway thru our meal the jazz combo started up and sounded really good- definitely added to the atmosphere.  For dessert we shared a slice of key lime pie... nice-tasting but no great shakes.  It seemed to be thickened with gelatin and I suppose I prefer mine to be creamier, plus it was lacking in zing, but only mildly.  Again, if your friend served it you'd rightfully congratulate them but for $6.50 it should be REALLY good.
Our server was very nice & professional.  Absolutely no complaints there.
The nicest surprise came with the bill- only $70... and that included 5 drinks.
We have concluded that the next time we go we'll sit in the bar area and have drinks & apps.
Crazy good food, excellent wine list, text book waitstaff. Best atmosphere for date night!  Not good for kids. Make a reservation!!
I don't care about "ambiance" or "decor" anymore.  I hit 40 and it doesn't matter to me anymore.

I am more concerned about food.

This food is awesome.

Go, it is incredible.
Good food, I would call it New Orleans inspired rather then real creole cooking. That said I have never had bad service or bad food here. It is really nice setting for a date or dinner out. Not too spicy to scare the native Wisconsin's, including my wife.
The raspberry vinaigrette salad dressing had actual raspberries in it. Ok. Just had to get that off my chest. The dressing surprised me and I'll go back for more than just that. 

We arrived on a Saturday night without a reservation.  I believe we took one of the last tables available until 9 or so. I would have opted for the bar if a table hadn't been available. There are a few high top tables that are seated in an area with live music.  The place is small and intimate. It's the perfect place for a first date. 

We started with the Lemon Parmesan Artichoke Hearts which were nothing like I expected but were rich and flavorful. We weren't terribly hungry so I ordered and appetizer for my entrée and my boyfriend ordered the special. I tried the Crawfish Cheesecake, which, is basically a cheese ball in the shape of a piece of cheesecake. It was tasty and would make the perfect appetizer for a table of four but I wouldn't recommended as a main entrée.

The special was the highlight of the meal. I couldn't repeat it if my life depended on it, but I heard the words: scallops, shrimp and sweet potato  ravioli, pecans, lime something and zucchini... I forgot about the rest of the menu entirely.  I'm not doing the plate any justice with this, but please trust me, it was delicious. The vegetables were perfectly cooked with a lime (something, slightly spicy but still let the veggies shine) sauce that complimented the sweet potato ravioli. Then there were scallops. It was one of those dishes that I couldn't comprehend. All I know is I am anxious to try more of what this chef has to offer.
Had a reservation at 7:15pm but when we arrived we were told we needed to wait 15 mins. That was annoying because that defeats the purpose of making a reservation. After that they found us a tiny table next to two large tables. The atmosphere was loud and cramped. 

The food however was great. I had the Bouillabaisse which felt like something from Louisiana because it had a thick earthy and spicy base. The seafood was fresh and it came with homemade fettuccine.  

If the atmosphere had been better I would make myself a regular.
In case you don't know, Louisianne's has started serving lunch, The good news is that it is inexpensive and delicious. I had a cup of shrimp bisque that was outstanding, and the grilled chicken po'boy tasted very fresh (the shredded romaine lettuce was much appreciated). The only bad news is the general ambience of the upstairs lunch area . . . rather dark and uninviting.
I've been to many restaurants in Middleton, but this is by far my favorite, and for a number of reasons. The food was excellent: I had a scallop and shrimp special. The service was excellent: Seated promptly, waitress prompt, professional and spoke very clearly when it came to the specials. The atmosphere is unique: In the basement of a building, but you wouldn't think so when you're there. Piano player, Great Martini! So when you're in Middleton, I suggest you stop here! (And Marnie is correct on the raspberry vinaigrette dressing with actual raspberries in it!!)
Think upscale semi-authentic Luisiana with a romantic jazz overtone. The food is really quite great, and I would never pass up the catfish. It was blackened and served with a sauce that was indescribable. For a starter I got the stuffed mushrooms with tasty craw fish filling. For desert... yeah that wasn't going to happen I was stuffed! The total bill for me was $37, which was reasonable considering the quality, ambience and how friendly the service was.
The only missing star was that we had trouble finding our server as we were trying to pay our bill (it had already been dropped off but then he was gone!)
Yelpers, you let me down! 

I was on my business trip to WI, and i was very excited about trying this restaurant!  boy, it was a huge disappointment.  

have crab puff pastry as appetizer.  this was pretty decent dish.  the puff pasty came out flaky, just how it should be.  i could taste the crab flavor and almond crisps. it was very delicious. 

I also ordered the lobster bisque.  bisque was on the salty side, but it was ok with the bread.  i wish i could have stopped my meal here....  

Everyone on yelp was raving about their raspberry sauce on the house salad.  so i ordered that just to try the raspberry dressing, and huge disappointment.  it came with this layer of oil, and not enough "sauce".  when i poured onto my salad it was just drenched in oil.  i didn't even eat the salad.  

I had the steak special of the night and it was not good at all!  the meat was over cooked charred (i like my meat medium rare), the rice was undercooked, it was crunch, and the sauce was not good at all, it did not compliment the dish.   i only ate the shrimp.  it was $35 dish i only picked shrimp from it

The service was soooooo slow that night.  usually i enjoy my meals like these but that night i wanted just GET OUT OF THERE! the server took forever to bring out my dishes and i was getting really impatient.  for the amount of time at was at the table, she didn't come by to check up on me when i needed anything.  ugh.  never again.
Was visiting Madison for Epic Training last year and came here with some coworkers.

AWESOME!! Everything I had was delicious. Tried escargot for the first time and it was wonderful. It was drenched in some savory buttery sauce and topped with a puff pastry...OMG. We also tried the crab puffs, they were also delicious.

Can't remember exactly what my entree was but it had bacon in it and was great too. The chocolate creme brulee was lovely.

Back in Madison this week and will be going here tomorrow.
We met another couple here for dinner.  Love the ambiance, the smell, the courtesy of the staff.  It's all good.  But the food was especially excellent.  I ordered the Pecan Catfish.  Wow!!!  It was baked to perfection with darkened spices making it the perfect spiciness!!!  I loved it!  Veggies were fresh and crisp.  We had an excellent Pinot Grigio off the list.  The others ordered tenderloin cordon bleu, which was raved about.  There was a shrimp and pork loins special.  That got thumbs up and then another shrimp dish that came on a bed of fresh spinach, which I think she wished she had rice or pasta instead, but she did like it.  Love coming here and always recommend it to friends!
Went again and it was AMAZING as usual. Went with a group of coworkers and we started out with escargot, crab puffs and stuffed mushrooms...YUM

For the entree's I had some pork masterpiece that was a featured dish and it was divine. For dessert I believe I had the dark chocolate creme brulee again. It was another great experience!
If you like spicy drinks, try the Cajun Martini. Lots of nice offerings in this cozy place, but Cajun/Creole cuisine is their forte, especially the seafood. Romantic, subterranean dining room unlike anything else you'll find in Madison. Hard to believe you're in beautiful downtown Middleton.
if you're looking for a nice night out, keep looking...
Be careful as you enter this place, the steps are steep as you are going in the basement. Also, the carpet on the steps is very dirty, makes you wonder what the kitchen looks like. 

Four of us had dinner and overall the food is good. Service a little slow but very friendly. The place is cramped and the music was loud, so it was difficult to have a conversation at the table. 

For the price of the meal you can do much better than this restaurant.
Awesome food. Definitely a good place to eat if it is your first time in Madison, WI.
After hearing great reviews of Louisianne's, my husband and I decided to give it a try.  We went for appetizers and drinks rather than a full meal.  We sat at the bar and had excellent service by the bartender.  When we first arrived it wasn't very crowded, but after 10 minutes the bar was packed with people. The atmosphere was cozy and very welcoming with the live piano music.

We had the "combination for 2" (crab puffs, barbecue shrimp, and stuffed mushrooms) and an order of the mussels for a total of $20.  The mussels were filling since they are in a cream sauce and served with yummy bread.  The combination plate was also excellent.  We were pleasantly full and enjoyed a nice bottle of wine for around $55.  

It is nice to see a high quality restaurant in Middleton!  We will definitely be back again!
My Experience at Louisianne's was JUST OK. I have heard a lot of people talk about this place so I gave it a try. I went on a Friday night by myself and Sat at the Bar. Not really the type of place you can sit at the bar.  It's very small, there is no television, and hardly any stools. They have live music on the weekends so the place was very loud. My Bartender was the only one behind the bar and the restaurant was pretty busy. So, as you can imagine my service was slow. I had the crab puff pastry and BBQ Shrimp as an appetizer. The Crab Pastry was very good. The BBQ Shrimp however were not. I was surprised they left the shell on the shrimp when they serve it. For my main entree I had the Coffee Crusted Chicken and a half order of jambalaya. They wouldn't let me have jambalaya as a side so I had to order half a plate of it If i wanted to try it. The Chicken was very moist and flavorful.  A lot sweeter than I had anticipated but good. The jambalaya was very disappointing. Overall, I would say it was just ok.
We decided to sit at the bar and have our dinner there so we could listen to the piano player.  We waited a very long time to place a drink order, while watching the bartender stand and converse with other patrons. Then, it was an even longer wait to order dinner.  (empty tables all over, so it wasn't due to being busy)  We weren't sure who was supposed to be taking care of us, the bartender or a waitress.   The bartender took our drink order after a long wait, and then after that, finally a waitress came by as asked,  "I guess you want to hear our specials?"  She took our order and we never saw her again.  Water came half way through our meal from the bartender.  Our empty plates sat on our table for 25 minutes.  We felt very unattended to and almost a bother to the staff.  The food is excellent, however, and that just makes it tolerable to go there.  It is not an inexpensive place to eat, and it feels like a place where you should have excellent service.  I got tired of trying to flag someone down all evening.
Best place in the world, I cant endorse this shit enough. Best meal is as follows (although ive had other things here, all good, nothing touches this one)

App: Crawfish cheesecake, sounds weird but is best of Wisconsin and Louisiana at once. Cheese and crawfish. Done. 

Entree: Their special filet, basically take everything that is great and put it on a filet. Nothing more to say. Goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes makes this.

Desert: Chocolate creme brulee, exactly as it sounds, would choke a homeless person for this (wont be missed).

Live music also sometimes.
The moment you walk in you are transported into another time and place. They had live music that fit the scene, made the atmosphere, and stayed background enough to have a conversation - check it out Tuesdays through Saturdays.

Order the pecan catfish with the crawfish BBQ on top, aka "Maria's special". It sounds wacky but the pecans really go with the blackened catfish. The tasso and shrimp fettuccine - a combination of shrimp, smoked ham, and mustard cream sauce sounds like a questionable combination but it is soothing, hot soul food at its fanciest. Everything we ate had depth, richness, and finesse. If you are a soup snob, definitely get the soup over the salad option. Presentation was lacking but I don't think that's the point of soul food.  

Service is sassy but whole-hearted. We walked in without reservations at 7pm on a Friday and when we asked if we could sit at the bar we were told "yeah, if you can find seats".  We found a couple stools and ordered dinner at the bar. It isn't bend over backwards service, but they are real people and sometimes that's better. Maria, our bartender who's worked there 13 years, gave excellent food and drink recs and was really attentive despite the rush - she basically made our night. 

It's a great place to bring guests if you want to head off to a chill and unexpected place. Even better if you're prepared to stuff your faces with well-executed comfort food. Try the Sazerac if you want a stiff, sweet drink and the Hurricane if you want a fruity, refreshing beverage that punches like a Long Island. The crowd here is mature and casually well-dressed.
We had a wonderful experience at Louisianne's. We had reservations for dinner, but happened to be seated next to a rather loud group of men. Since the restaurant was completely full, we asked if we might be able to be seated in the bar area instead (which was much quieter). They quickly accomodated our request and we had an enjoyable conversation throughout dinner. The food was excellent and a musician softly played piano in the background. The service was prompt, helpful, and friendly. Terrific night out!
Quiet, quaint and awesome. The place is tucked away and underground. Piano man in the bar area playing jazz and lounge tunes. Had escargot, wine and barracuda. At how many other places can you say you have all of those at once, AND underground. Zero! This place is good. Priced well for what you get too. Couldn't finish it all.
Good food but not authentic and quite overpriced. $38 for 1 entree and 1 dessert served by a snotty teenager? Really?
Wow!  What a find!  Outside of the worn carpet on the stairs on the way down, this place is pretty awesome.  Very quaint, very, very quaint as you are literally underground.  I loved the feel of the place and the atmosphere.  The food did not disappointment either.  The escargot were absolutely perfect, perfect, one of the best I have yet to have and I have had them in many different place.  For my entree I went with the Crayfish etoufee and I am glad I did.  Excellent roux, plenty of crayfish, perfectly cooked rice.  Excellent overall.  I would give it 5 starts but the dessert menu is very, very pedestrian and not inspired.  Would go back again though and again.
Emeril Lagasse would have been disappointed. There was no Bam! during our visit to Louisianne's on 9/10/13.

The good: my wife's company, the wine list, the evening's piano player, the salad, and the crawfish corn chowder.

The bad: the thick, yellow, and salty cream sauce our mussels swam in and the worn out carpet on the stairs leading down to the restaurant.

The ugly:  The not so special blackened swordfish entrée with salty sides and the shrimp etouffee.  The classic Cajun dish was a generous amount of white rice with salty ketchup sauce.  :-(
Steps are a bit hard for us oldies but the food made up for it. Three of us, our son has been there before, thought mom and dad  should too..Started with mussels, and crab puffs, both were so good, we went through  three baskets of bread with them. The raspberry dressing on salad was a bit tart, my only complaint, and one had soup.I had the duck , which was super good, one had the seafood au gratin, and one etouffee...we were all pleased and all took home left overs.........We split a piece of the peanut butter pie...and one had coffee..we had a fun time drove 70 miles to get there.
We enjoyed our visit to this restaurant however the waitress makes or breaks the evening.  More on that later.

We started at the bar and the bar tender was super cool.  He made a fantastic Sazerac, one of the oldest cocktails in the USA.  The four of us admired the decor of the establishment in addition to the fun columns throughout that separated the patrons making it a more private experience.  This place is in a basement  and the columns separate everyone, different than all the open air structures these days.

We had reservations and were seated about 10 minutes late however we were flexible.  The waitress was not very friendly and did not smile.  She was making the motions.  Likely tired because it was Badger Homecoming Saturday and they were busy.  We were celebrating a birthday and asked if they did anything special.  She said I don't know and can check.  When she came back she said if you buy a desert, we can put a candle in it.  What??  What restaurant does not do something for a birthday.  Oh well, move on...

Each of us DID enjoy our meal.  We had the Crawfish Cheesecake for appetizer.  It was like a cheesecake?  Different and good.  Two of us ordered separate specials and the other two ordered items off the menu.  None of us could finish and we enjoyed leftovers the next day.  The food was rich and heavy, comfort food like.  If you are on a diet you'd need to be selective because no calories are spared here.

In summary a happy waitress and a little birthday treat and this place would be through the roof!
Stopped in for a drink on Monday night. A few observations:
   Drinks: My martini and cosmopolitans were delicious. S. really enjoyed his whisky sour. Drinks were very good.
   Food: For an appetizer, we ordered the crab cakes. I had the Pecan-Encrusted Catfish and the seafood bisque, and S. had the pork entree and the pork and sweet potato soup. We were both very impressed. I don't even eat meat, but I tried S.'s pork entree and it was A M A Z I N G. And I can't say enough good things about the catfish. I was so glad to have some left over, which I ate cold the next morning!  
   Service: Our server was so, so wonderful. I wish I could remember his name. Young guy, dark hair, thin. He recommended essentially all of our food to us, and we were happy with all of it. The bartender also came by and checked to make sure I liked my cosmo (I wasn't sure I'd like it). She was quite friendly.

Will definitely go back the next time we are in Madison.
Fun, warm, lively catacomb place, often with piano music. Food is always really good. I want to hang out here more.
I've brought business contacts and executives from my firm to Louisiannes'.  Always they have been impressed with the quality of the food, the ambiance of the facility and the attentiveness of the staff.  It compares well with top quality restaurants all over the world.
Dined here recently with friends, and had an enjoyable experience, but not so great food. 
The pros:  
Inviting and cozy atmosphere. 
Really friendly and attentive service. 
Excellent live music. 
Great cocktails, ok wine list.

The cons:
The food was boring and inconsistent.  We had the artichoke hearts, crab puffs, and escargots for appetizers.  I didn't get the sense that the seafood was fresh.  Rather it was definitely of the frozen variety.  And everything was made with frozen puff pastry.  Even the escargot were covered with puff pastry. I think it was to cover for the frozen seafood?  Anyway, the appetizers reminded me of Pinterest recipes.  

A big red flag for me is when there are too many components in a dish.  That usually means that the ingredients aren't good enough to stand out on their own or the chef doesn't know how to edit.  I think we experienced a little of both.  

My husband and I both got the special. It was a blackened pork tenderloin with shrimp accompanied by mushrooms in a sherry sauce with red potatoes.  Each component sounded good.  However, the presentation and preparation was a train wreck.  

The tenderloin came on skewers.  What?  The shrimp were over cooked.  The meat and shrimp were served in a jumble of quartered red potatoes and mushrooms.  Everything was covered in some sort of Cajun seasoning that was reminiscent of Durkee or McCormick.  Then it was all topped with some sort of cornstarch thickened sherry sauce.  The whole thing tasted like it was straight off the Sysco truck  and reheated. 

One of our companions ordered the filet.  She let us have a taste, and the steak was good.  But it came with a buerre blanc dipping sauce.  I'm not sure what chef would pair buerre blanc with steak to begin with, but just like my meal, it was clear that the buerre blanc was another corn starch imposter.  

Dessert was a dark chocolate creme brûlée.  It was dry and pedestrian.  

Really I think this place deserves 2.5 stars, but Yelp doesn't do half stars, so I'll be generous.  Lousiannes clearly has a loyal customer base and is a popular place.  I would definitely go back for the cocktails and even the appetizers because the price point wasn't outrageous for all the puff pastry and I could still enjoy them now that I know what to expect.  

But I would not return for dinner.  If I'm going to spend $30 for an entree, I expect fresh ingredients, sauces made to order, and a chef that knows how to cook.  Madison has too many restaurants that offer far superior food to Lousiannes, and that's what will drive my future dining decisions.
Just ok because my bar for New Orleans food is quite insurmountable!  But I give honest reviews.  Whoever is in the kitchen can season food like nobody's business!  It is great food.  Seafood was not fresh though and they really do not have Bread Pudding on the menu!  That tells me that the chef is not from Louisiana at all.  Prices are too high, way to high!  Jambalaya for $20!  Ridiculous really.  A pot of that for 10 people cost $20.   But if you want great atmosphere and good food that is just seasoned well, go.  Drinks are reasonable and service is fantastic.
We went here for my sister in law's birthday. I was anxious because my last time here was so unappealing, but this time was a whole different story! We ordered four appetizers to split and all of them were delicious. I had a steak which was cooked to perfection. The service was excellent. The wine they recommended was delicious. We split several desserts and they were delicious as well. I'm still on the fence about the place but our last time there was good enough that I will give it another chance to make my final decision.
My husband and I went to Louisianne's recently after we sold our condo and got a Middleton Chamber of Commerce gift certificate from our real estate agent (Leslie Blum, she's great!).

We wanted to use the opportunity to have a special date night and go somewhere a bit more upscale than we usually do. Having never been to Louisianne's in the 5 years that I've lived in Middleton, I suggested we try it out.

I give the atmosphere of this place a solid five stars. Although it has an rather bland looking storefront, the inside of the restaurant is anything but. You walk into Louisianne's and immediately head downstairs. It's all stone and looks like you're walking into a cool cave or something. It's dark, but there's a lot of ambiance. I've been to New Orleans, and it definitely has that sort of vibe to it. It's romantic, fun, and not what you'd expect from the outside. I felt like we were on vacation while we were there. Also, there was a live jazz band playing and they were really rocking. It was awesome!

We went at about 8pm on a Friday night had to wait about ten minutes for a table, which was fine. While we waited, we ordered drinks at the bar and watched the band. I had red wine, and my husband had Jameson on the rocks. 

We were seated and ordered the Pecan Crab Cakes as an appetizer. They were good, probably just 3 stars though, as they tasted a lot like other Midwestern crab cakes that I've had before. They were heavy on bread and light on crab...with a lot of Old Bay seasoning. Again, they weren't bad at all, but not spectacular.

Next, we ordered some more wine and our entrees (more on those in a minute).  We were given a choice of soup or salad with our entrees and we each ordered soup. They had two soups of the day: a shrimp -corn chowder (which I got), and a tomato-based pulled pork stew that was like chilli (which my husband had). Both soups were fantastic! Definitely 5 stars for the soup. 

I'll take a minute here to comment that I enjoy going to traditional restaurants from time to time, places where soup/salad and bread are included with your meal instead of everything being ala-cart. (It reminds me of dining in Wisconsin supper clubs as a child). By the way, the bread basket was delicious and was quickly replenished by the waitress after we ate all of the bread within 30 seconds of sitting down because it was warm and toasty (and served with soft butter) and we were starving! 

Onto the entrees! My husband absolutely LOVED his dish. He claims that it was possibly "the best thing I've ever had in a restaurant". He chose the Coffee Roasted Chicken, which featured a bed of (homemade) fettuccine topped with a coffee-crusted bone-in grilled chicken breast, in a "hazelnut, orange, ricotta sauce". I think there was spinach in it too. The pasta was perfectly al dente, the grilled chicken moist, and the sauce was rich and creamy. It almost reminded me of a Thai peanut sauce, but with hazelnuts instead. Although it sounded like something that could become cloyingly sweet, it was not. It had a nice subtle umami essence in addition to the sweetness. Delicious. 5 stars.

The reason that Louisianne's is not getting a five star review from me, however, is due to my entree, which I felt was very underwhelming. We don't eat pasta at home for health reasons, so I usually get it when we go somewhere nice as a special treat. I chose the tasso and shrimp fettuccine because it was homemade pasta, and because it featured authentic New Orleans style ingredients (for the unfamiliar, tasso is basically spicy ham). The shrimp and tasso pieces in my pasta were well-cooked, but they were sparse. The dish also featured mushrooms, and they were fabulous...probably the best part. However, the pasta was supposed to have a "Creole mustard cream sauce", and it didn't really. The sauce was very light, and had little flavor. It was kind of sad, because I was really hoping to be wowed and I wasn't. I'd say my item was probably 3 stars, and would have been awesome if only the sauce had been a bit more pronounced and flavorful. 

The service was adequate. Nothing remarkable in either a good or a bad way.

Summary: I'd definitely return. I think Lousianne's Etc. is a decently nice restaurant overall, and is great for special occasions. Their primary issue, from both my own experience as well as the reviews on Yelp, seems to be consistency. Some menu items are fabulous, and others are meh. The major problem with this is that Louisianne's  menu is at a price point where people only go occasionally...so the restaurant basically has one shot to impress, and if they fail at that, guests won't return for a second chance. I think this explains why the Yelp reviews for Louisianne's are so polarized.
Came here based upon Yelp reviews. I was expecting a dive place, like all the other cajun places I've been to, but that's not this place. Dark mood lighting in the basement of an old house. Small menu and very pricey. Not what I was expecting at all. I ordered the blackened catfish and a beer. The catfish and the jambalaya  were the two least expensive entrees in the low $20's per each. 

Pleasantly surprised by the large portion of grilled vegies and handmade mashed potatoes that came with the catfish. Amazing flavor and worth the money. The menu didn't mention the sides included. Friend ordered the jambalaya and let me try it. The blackened catfish was way better.
I love this place.  I love the ambiance, the food, and the drinks.  It's even better when they have a lounge singer in the background.
My favorite place for fast food in Madison - I have both locations in my cell phone for quicker pickup.  If it's Thursday try the Shrimp in Cream Sauce or Crawfish in Cream Sauce special....any other day, the Red Beans'n'Rice with Double Sausage will never treat you wrong!
Arguably the best thing about Madison. Real. Legit. Not Playing. Close your eyes, bite into the shrimp etouffee, and you feel like the gulf is close.
I lived near the Monroe St. location and frequented this place regularly.  Everything is super fresh and authentic. I was always a big fan of the crawfish etoufee with a big slab of cornbread.  The spice could be a little inconsistent though, which is probably a result of having super fresh spices one time and then not the next time.  No big deal though as it was always delicious either way. I regret that I have never had a po' boy from this place, but that is something I will have to remedy ASAP. I also wish that it was easier to eat at the place. I know it is takeout, but it always sucked having to walk home smelling the beautiful aromas roll out of the box. Or, alternatively when it was 40 below/snowing/raining/etc.
New Orleans Take Out is all around greatness.  I absolutely love this place and everything on the menu.  When I was a kid the best times were when my father would take an afternoon delivery to the east side and swing by NOTO on the way back.  It was always such a great surprise when my sister and I would be called in for dinner, and right away you could smell those spices!  Those are some of my favorite memories, and to this day I get a rush of excitement just walking in to the place when I get that first waft...  It really is the best outside of the Gulf.

I really can't even start on what my favorites are because every time I pick something off the menu it becomes my new favorite.  The po' boys are without exception great.  The roast beef was my first love, and I keep coming back to this one.  The French bread is perfect - crisp and the perfect texture for the sandwich.  It took me a while to try the fried oyster po' boy - I was not so adventurous as a kid - but after trying this I see why this is my mother's favorite.  The Gulf shrimp and the fried chicken are incredible.  This place is a 5 star easily on the strength of the po' boys alone, but the rest of the menu is not to be skipped.  The jambalaya is great for those that can't take too much heat, and even better with a bit of Tabasco for those that can.  The shrimp creole - HOO BOY!  Spicy but not excessive, it has enough heat to get you sweating and the flavors are spot on.  Same for the shrimp etouffee.  The red beans & rice with double sausage is my all-time favorite comfort food.  Most of the time I can't make up my mind, so I hit up the Mardi Gras combo, which gives you all three.  Perfection!  And it all comes with a piece of cornbread to finish it all off.  

I've only been to the Fordem location, though there is another on Monroe Street.  I'm certain that had I not graduated prior to this location opening I would have made it a regular destination.  As it is, I love coming down Sherman then Fordem, and you're suddenly right there looking at the mural on the side of the building.  I call ahead whenever I plan to stop, but about half the time it is straight up impulse that brings me there.  No matter whatever else happens that day, it's always a good day if you've been to New Orleans Take Out.
I've never been to New Orleans, so I don't know if that makes me somehow less qualified to review this place.  But, I suspect a fair amount of people have never been to China, and it doesn't stop them from reviewing PF Changs.

ANYWAY, the thing about NOTO whenever I have eaten there is that I am always expecting it to be way greater than it really is because of the way people talk about it.  I am always expecting this transcendent experience, but really, all I get is a styrofoam container of some spicy slop that really has no real flavor underneath the initial tongue shock of cayenne pepper.
This is definitely the place for Cajun. When you go in there I want you to expect a special of the day, homemade lemonade, and a everything made from scratch type feel. This isn't a place where you meet a hostess and they seat you. Just expect the best beans and rice outside of New Orleans.
I am kind of in love with this place.

The chicken po' boy has haunted me ever since I left Madison back in 2000 - perfect french roll, mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickle, and seasoned fried chicken breast = what you need.

Also what you need? an order of dirty rice. And that shit is spicy! Get a soda from the machine out front and walk to Tenny Park. Life is good.
back in my younger days of bakery, I worked at the bakery that supplied NOTO with french bread.   It had to be a certain length, a certain crust, and a certain color if it wasn't......................YIKES!!

I figured if he had such a high standard of quality for his bread, that the same mind of detail would apply to his food, and I was right., I used to eat at his restuarant faithfully every week.....then i moved :(

I was in town so I stopped in on friday for some lunch.  The food was excellent.   I ordered the fried fish with sauce pecan meuniere and the fried cod po' boy.   The bread was ok (I stand by the bread we used to make years ago....it was just perfect), the fish was fried to perfection and the lettuce, tomato, and pickle were just right.    as for the fried fish with the pecan sauce,   I got a half order.  wasn't enough.  I had forgotten just how great the sauce with the rice and the fish really were.    

Go here for some great food.
One of my all time favorite places in Madison;  I like it so much that I had them cater my wedding.  I have been eating at NOTO for at least 20 years, and the food is consistently good.  I always have a hard time deciding what to get... the shrimp etouffee?  A shrimp po' boy with Creole sauce?  Or one of the daily specials like the pecan fish or the Cajun meatballs?  The cornbread is also worth noting for its yumminess.
I'm a total foodie and Chicago is great for me except we don't have NOTO. The best of the best for Creole/Cajun. Lived down south, been to N'awlins many times when I was a kid in the 70's. NOTO is the best hands down. Wish some adventuresome entrepreneur would migrate NOTO down to Chicago. It would be a huge success I am sure. We don't have anything that is even close to as good so we have to make our own or take a trip up to Madison! :)
Ever since my husband (native to Madison) took me here, I always make several trips out from Chicago every year... otherwise my cravings for the Shrimp Creole, Red Beans and Rice with double sausage, Gumbo, Chicken Po' Boy, Jambalaya, and really anything else Roussos has got goin' on that day....will cause me to go into NOTO withdrawal. Oh! And who can forget the Panola hot sauce he uses! There is so much soul in this food and super flavor, but really it's Roussos' own personal touch that makes it so unique. The food is truly special. So get yo' self out to NOTO but make sure to bring your appetite!
this place is on my list at least a couple times a month, and it's probably the only restaurant in madison that can claim that.  

The only thing I've got to say on the negative side is the crawfish off season are a bit mealy and I have switched to shimp.  everything else is spot on, esp the read beans and rice.  oh, and it's closed on  sunday...which is always the day you start to crave a po' boy. 

What do I say you get.  for 2 ppl, we get a full order of shrimp etoufee, shimp creole and a red bean and rice double meat.  all with french bread.  it's a ton of food but oh so good.
My boyfriend and I discuss food often and he talked about his place with reverence always.  Well OMG.. it REALLY is special.  A simple chicken poboy made right..  Dipping it into certain soups of the day (curry chicken and creole cheeseburger were my favorites).  We call them dipping sauces (lol) and have even gone so far as to plan a trip to Madison based on the soups that day.  And their etouffe labelled "too hot to eat" actually lives up to its name while still retaining seriously good flavor is another rare find indeed.
Oyster Po'Boy is money.  Their bread is really good and the taste is unique.
The Jambalaya is better than I've had in New Orleans. New Orleans Take out is one of the best values in the city. Can't say enough about it.
Good food for a good price...

I finally got to try out the New Orleans Take Out Restaurant and was fairly impressed. The wife and I split an order of etoufee and black beans and rice. It was plenty of food. Nothing too fancy, but it was tasty. I will definitely be going back and will hopefully try out a poboy and some of their other dishes. . 

For the people saying no place to sit. Are you sure you are rating the correct location? They had plenty of tables there complete with copies of the northside news paper, isthmus and the onion.
Went here for the first time last night. Thought i'd give it try based on the ratings. Im originally from the south so i was a little aprehensive about trying it, but thankfully i was totally suprised! Husband had the red beans n rice with smoked sausage, i had the shrimp creole and we got a half order of wings. Everything was excellent and very authentic. Although i will warn you, it is not for those with sensitive mouths! Cajun is spicy food and this def lived up to that! Will be going back
Since I lived in Madison (about 8 years ago) the po' boys at NOTO have haunted me!  The pursuit of a po' boy as good as this has eluded me through 4 cities and countless "nope, not as good"s.  I'm such a fan I bought a tank top on my last visit!

Perfect bread, perfect seasonings - be it oyster, shrimp, crawfish or chicken.    Whenever I'm back in Madison (which is, unfortunately, rarely, I take friends to get a "sandwich as big as yo head" and they never leave disappointed.

As I remember it, NOTO is that kind of hole in the wall place that newcomers hesitate to try out.  My advice - do it!  As much as I love these sandwiches I hardly ever order them out anymore because I know they will never be as good as at New Orleans Take Out in Madison, WI.
I love the food here. Love the vibe.
Allow me to express my undying love for New Orleans Take-Out. 

I lived in Madison almost 8 years ago and have yet to find another shrimp po' boy even remotely close to the delicacy at NOTO. It's one of those hole in the wall places that looks scary and not hygienic on the outside but is completely amazing and totally worth it. 

I remember the first time my dad took me for a "sandwich as big as yo head." I had just taken the ACT as a 6th grader and afterwards all I was really capable of was mumbling simple sentences. I remember being surprised that dad wasn't kidding, the sandwich really was as big as my head. And that it was like, really awesome. My fam were instantly regulars.

8 years and 3 citites later, the search continues. I'm not even asking for a better sandwich (I don't think one exists), but one that's just as good (it seems like that doesn't exist either).

Oh and if this review sounds similar to the one by Sheena F. it's because she's my sister. It's a family obsession.
Good shrimp jambalaya but great cornbread in a developing neighborhood.  A future spot on Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives show.
Been to New Orleans...this place is just as good as anything there.  Today's shrimp in cream sauce was outstanding.
Good food, slightly high prices.

I had the crawfish etouffee, my standard cajun dish.  It was quite good.  My brother had red beans and rice with sausage, which he loved.  Our friend had red beans and rice.  All were good.  No leftovers, but we were full.  The fresh lemonade was good; the maple bacon pralin was meh.
Not the friendliest staff, but this place is one of the true gems in town all things-considered.
Good food but totally overpriced.
While in Madison for a ski trip, I tapped into the almighty resource that is Yelp to find some unique eats. I didn't want to eat any of the other chain garbage that all the other tourists were eating near the hotel. Enter NOTO. What an awesome little find!

After reading some of the reviews, I wanted to try a little bit of everything. The woman at the counter suggested we try the Mardi Gras Combo and the popular Shrimp Po' Boy sandwich. I wanted to try the dirty rice and was told that I could substitute the regular rice in the Combo for dirty rice. Yes, please!

First, I'd like to clarify that the sandwich is NOT as big as other reviews may make it out to be. It's a standard French roll with a standard amount of fillings BUT the flavors are admittedly some of the best I've ever had. The juxtaposition of creamy, tangy sauce with the crunchy, juicy shrimp combined with the fresh lettuce will have you swooning for more.

On to the combo... What a cornucopia (nods to Candice G.) of beautifully tasty french creole goodness all nestled magically in compartmentalized order without any compartments in the take-out box. It traveled several miles successfully in the manner as well. The warnings of the menu and lady at the counter on the spiciness of the dirty rice and shrimp creole were accurate. It was a flavorful, creeping sort of spice that increased with each bite. Absolutely fantastic.

The name "take-out" is rather misleading because there is ample seating inside the place and many interesting jazz memorabilia to peruse over while eating so eat-in instead of taking-out as the name suggests.

I'll definitely be making a stop here again whenever I'm in the Madison area for some good ol' N'Orleans style cookin'.
I've always meant to order from  here, but I used to go to New Orleans so often that it's never been pressing issue. Finally, one day the cravings got to us, so we tried the place out.

The place was exceptionally easy to order from. They don't play 1,000 questions with you, which is nice. The menu is easy to find online if you don't have a paper copy. 

I admit, when I picked up our order and got it home, we were slightly dismayed at the quantity. We ordered two dishes for three people. We spend a lot of time in the Big Easy and have become accustomed to ordering from the locals' joints which cater to the service people. Large portions, cheap prices. 

Then we tasted it. We had the large trio (combination of a few things) and it was so good -- the flavors were great, the stuff was actually spicy, and I found I could love jambalaya (normally not a fan).  We also go a shrimp po'boy -- I was so excited that it tasted almost exactly at the one we get from our normal go-to place in the Quarter. 

While the quantity was less than we expected, the quality was superior to what we get at our little dive joints. You can definitely see they emphasize flavor and texture, rather than giving you a week's worth of food. That works for me -- we were all full off our dishes and very happy.
Overall felt like the food lacked flavor. The jambalaya and gumbo seemed blah to both of us. The BBQ shrimp and cornbread were both good.
I have been going to both of the NOTO places for many years now, I would have gone four stars but there are some quality problems at the eastside shop.  It is closest to our house so we would like to go there but over the years we have gotten a few inedible poorly prepared dishes from the east side establishment and when it is good it still seems lower quality vegetables and such, less fresh like the food has been in a steam table for a while.  

The downtown establishment I have never had a bad dish from as a result we drive across the isthmus to get takeout which is a bit of a schlep so we order from them less often then we might otherwise.
best place ever and good gumbo and chicken filet
Hubby had the fish with pecans, and LOVED it.
I, on the other hand had an absolutely pitiful shrimp Po Boy.  Big ole piece of bread, 8 shrimp set on the bread to try to cover space (it doesn't), smidge of lettuce (not necessarily a bad thing), and mushy disgusting tomatoes.  Take a bite, and all you taste is bread.  Never again.
I had the red beans and white rice with cornbread, dirty rice, fries. Not quite what my granny used to make. But the dirty rice was spicy and I added it to the bland white rice and beans to add flavor to it. It was ok buy upset my stomach. Cornbread was dense and moist? Flavorless though. I wanted some warm buttery cornbread goodness. Nope. The fries and bbq sauce was all I liked in my order.
I love this place!!!! It's an authentic hole in the wall kind if place with the best Cajun food in Wisconsin. I have been to New Orleans and eating here takes me right back! The food is fresh and delicious! My favorite way to treat myself. Highly recommend
I just love this place. Nothing else like in Madison!
Can I give zero stars? I didn't even get to eat. As soon as we walked in the cashier looked at us and walked in the back and never came back out. The cooks were outside smoking and gossiping about the night before's drunk. This was at 6 pm. Prime dinner time. The tables were all dirty. The visible part of the kitchen was messy and cross contaminated. Overall, we were flagrantly ignored. We left after ten minutes of non-service. I was very sad because I had heard such good reviews and the menu looked good, but the facilities were sketchy.
love the too hot to eat shrimp etouffe favorite spicy dish in madison all the kinds of po boys ive tried have been very good could have better beverage selection i like the cornbread
So much on the menu, I wish I could have tried more.  I made the decision to go with a half order and should have gone with the full.  The beans are amazing - I ran into a some great flavors. The rice is just right not mushy not hard.  The french bread is yum, though I personally could use heaps of butter on it. Good mercy this red beans and rice with sausage is good. 

I wish I had found this place sooner.  

Prices are reasonable too. 

4 *'s because it's my first time there and "Yay! I'm a fan." Hope to make it 5 after the next visit.
A Madison institution for all the right reasons. The soups are just perfect. Creole cheeseburger is one you should try. The Po boys  are my favorite. The rice and beans are overpriced. John is the original owner and totally legit. Place looks like a Louisiana dive, but is clean. Counter service only. Fast.
As a New Orleans native, I am going to hold any "cajun" restaurant to the highest standard. 3 stars in this case is actually a huge compliment from me because I expect a lot when ordering this kind of food. 

I had the shrimp po boy and seafood gumbo...I have to say, both were quite tasty. Is the po boy equivalent to my favorite place in NOLA? Of course not - the bread would be slightly different, and the lettuce should be shredded. Does it do the trick for a quick fix? Absolutely. The seafood gumbo was actually pretty delicious as well - I was impressed with that dish for sure. Someone at my table ordered jambalaya, and he said he loved it...but my husband's looks a lot more appetizing.

I will definitely come back here during crawfish season to see what that's like....depending on how well they do that, I might even add a star. The service is friendly but a little slow.

This place is not the nicest restaurant or the nicest ambiance, so don't come here expecting a 5 star experience. However, it does a pretty damn good job of making a native New Orleans girl feel slightly at home in this crazy desert. I had a positive experience and am eager to check out some more of what Baby Kay's has to offer.
I love Baby Kay's like pirates love stealing. It's good enough to wipe clean the memory of taking a horrible girlfriend there for our first date. The craw fish ettouffe is something I have to stop to contemplate each bite of because I struggle to comprehend why it's so delicious. The gumbo and jambalaya are also stellar. I like to merge all three in the Cajun Combination. 

They make a raspberry vinaigrette there that deserves it's own paragraph and is mandatory on your dinner salad. 

Another fantastic creation here is the apricot habenero glaze that one would think would over-power a chicken salad, not the case. Now I know most of you see the h-word and imagine terrible pain, this dish is not prohibitively hot, it manages to catch the flavor of the much maligned pepper and only a fraction of its fire. 

 If you happen upon Baby Kay's  on a day when the special is seafood enchiladas, get them and call me for a refund if you anything less than amazed. 

 Staff is pretty low key and nice here. Not a good call if you're in a hurry, but worth being late over. I usually sit at the bar if minutes are precious and outside if my time is my own. For what you get the prices are very reasonable.
I have only been to 3 other Cajun restaurants. I had the Cajun Combo and loved it. The crawfish ettouffe was very good, as were the other dishes. The garlic bread that comes with it is the best. It is toasted just right and if you go with friends order a side. This food is hot and I left the place sweating. I look forward to coming back to try some other dishes.
OK, now i'm sure for those who've never lived in the south, maybe you like Baby Kays. I had a friend from college in town and we were both craving crawfish like the good little southern girls we've become (we lived in New Orleans for four years). 

We got to the restaurant and it reminded me of Acme Oyster House. I thought it a good sign. We were seating outside and saw the boilers! We almost screamed we were so excited. We ordered two Abitas (mmmmmm!) but they were tapped out (dirty bitches!) so we had bloody marys instead. The bloody marys needed major tweakage; we added tabasco, pepper, and more pepper! Already, kind of a disappointment. 

All around us, people were ordering the crawfish and we couldn't wait for it. We got the "5 pound" special which came with two pieces of corn, no potatoes, sausage (which my friend was craving!), or garlic (WTF?). The crawfish were decent size but the taste was awful! I think they only spiced it with tabasco sauce! our lips were burning and not in that delicious crab boil way. I mean, i know what crawfish tastes like and this was an amateur attempt. They didn't even use the proper spices or anything. 

For $29.50, that's ridiculous. And for those of us that know what crawfish are supposed to cost, i'm embarrassed to have even paid over $10.

If you go, don't get the crawfish...it's a rip off. Two stars for the service.
I really don't know why this place gets any positive reviews.
I've been to New Orleans a couple times but am by no means a Cajun/Creole conniseur (SP??).  Their food is downright bland and nowhere near the level of NOLA and we're talking a cuisine that thrives on spicy/flavorful food!!  I went with five friends and nobody was all that impressed.  Cute location with patio seating and decent staff though.
All this talk about Ragin' Cajun' closing and now this crap is the best in Phoenix...my Lord I'll start a Cajun place and make a mint!!
With my Russian heritage and all it will be a home run!!
Or maybe I'll just stick to my day job :(
We dined here as part of a large party and had buffet style price fixed option.  Food was terrible and not anything resembling Cajun.  I would not return if they were giviing it away for free.
The menu has remained basically the same since Baby Kay sold the restaurant late last year.  The food is not as good and it is my understanding the new owners dismissed Chef Lou-Lou, no wonder the food sucks. The restaurant is not as clean and the food is terrible. What a waste!!! If anyone knows of a real good Cajun restaurant let me know!
I came here last week with Michael for dinner.  I must admit that this place has been around forever and this was my first time.  Michael had been here before but it had been quite some time for him.  We both decided on the gumbo... I had the chicken and andoulle sausage with a salad for my side and Michael had the seafood gumbo with the green olive slaw.  My salad was pretty good...very basic, but the salad dressing was pretty damn good I also tasted the green olive slaw, it was pretty good also.  The best part was the gumbo... we both really enjoyed that.  We each also had a cocktail and the total was $39.00 ... that was great!
I've wanted to try this restaurant for a couple years now and was finally able to make it over there last week. After I was seated, I waited quite a while(this was at 3pm) for the waitress to get my food order. I was a little preturbed by this but once she left the kitchen and got to my table, so was actually quite pleasant. I explained to her that this was my first time and asked for a recommendation. She enthuisiastically recommended the fried shrimp po'boy and chicken/sausage gumbo which I ended up ordering. The shrimp in the sandwhich was pretty well cooked, and not overdone so the shrimp were quite juicy still. Unfortunately, there just wasnt enough shrimp to fill in the bread that came with it. The gumbo was delicious and a definite highlight of the meal. 

I would recommend this restaurant, though it may not be the best value for what you get.
I went here last a year and a half ago and enjoyed the food.  Definitely would go back if in the near vicinity & in the mood for Cajun food.
This is the best Cajun resturant in Arizona. I've lived in Louisiana before and this is as close as it gets for AZ. I had the crawfish ettouffe and its was awesome and the most authentic I've had since living in Louisiana. My wife had the sampler and she loved it. The atmosphere is great. The live music added to the experience. It was kinda loud though. The waitress was kind of wierd. I would recommend this to anyone looking for some good  cajun food. It is on the pricey side but its worth it.
Went there with some friends before I fly out of town.  It is in a great location there in Town n Country Mall.  This mall used to be one of my favoriate hangouts back in the late 1980's so I'm glad to see it is still around.

I don't have a lot of experience with Cajun food but who doesn't love a good po-boy?  It came with chips on the side and we ordered a side of slaw which was the most amazing slaw I've eaten in a long time.  It had a very strong olive taste which I loved, could have eaten a pint of that myself. 

Nice atmosphere and it was fun to have the live music playing.
I guess you can't really expect a truly authentic cajun experience in Arizona, but the cajun food was not truly excellent, but not terrible either.  I had the jambalaya, chicken & sausage gumbo, and potato salad.  The jambalaya was pretty bland and the chicken/sausage was a bit above average.  Forgo the jambalaya and try something else when you go.  I was expecting a bit more, but it was pretty crowded for lunch so this must be one of the better Cajun spots in this part of Phoenix at least.
This is a great place for Cajun food. It is located in the Town & Country shopping center in the camelback corridor area of Phoenix. Everyday the menu has a special that is fresh and exciting. I have tried several of their dishes, but have to admit I always enjoy the Beer Battered Shrimp with Crawfish sauce and dirty rice.

Oh, I almost forgot the GUMBO is the bomb, meaning, true Gumbo, not just imitating soup like others produce and call it gumbo. I think it is the best in AZ.
I've never had Cajun food in Louisiana so I can't make a comparison even if I wanted to, which I don't.  It seems a lot of people like to complain about ethnic food being Americanized or regional styles not living up to expectations.  We live in Phoenix people-Phoenix, AZ, USA, not Phoenix, Japan or Phoenix, New York.  I have eaten Mexican food in Kentucky of all places.  Was it the style of food I am used to being a native Arizonan?  No, but I can appreciate that it wasn't bad, just someone else's interpretation.

So, the end result is I like Baby Kay's.  I've eaten here several times and never had a dish I didn't like, nor bad service.  I like that their hushpuppies actually have flavor beyond that of a wad of cornmeal.  I like the gumbo and jambalaya.  I tried the crawfish ettouffe and it was great.  I like that the potato salad is not swimming in some overly sweetened mayo concoction.

So while it may or may not compare to your version of authentic Cajun cooking, it is still a great place for a meal.
Having lived in Louisiana for two years, overall I wasn't impressed with the food, atmosphere, etc. overall.  Maybe it's in a good location, but it wasn't visible from the road (or not as far as I could see).  The restaurant was randomly decorated with "cajun" propaganda, posters, and articles.  One article on the wall was about New York City and didn't fit in at all.  

My friend and I ordered the house wine and it was decent, but I guess you get what you pay for.  Also, we ordered the spinach-artichoke dip for an appetizer with garlic bread; I can't complain about that dish.  For dinner, I got the Baby Kay's special with red beans and rice and seafood gumbo.  I enjoyed the gumbo because it had crawfish in it and the red beans and rice was okay, too.  I was going to order the crawfish etoufee, but it was $18.25, when the other entree was $11.25, and I had spent a lot on my vacation.  A green olive coleslaw was included with the entree, but it contained a lot of mayo, and I didn't eat any more than one bite.  That was kind of my fault, though, for ordering coleslaw. 

i thought the decor was really dated and the waitress/bussers asked me like five times if I was done with my gumbo, which I was not.  

Good cajun food is hard to find beyond the bayou.
This is my neck of the woods...I was waiting to get my haircut and had a bit of sinus congestion that needed some clearing up so I figured so good spicy Cajun food should do the trick.

I got the chicken and sausage gumbo with the side of Cole slaw and an ice cold beer. The food was great just as I expected, the place was not to busy for a Saturday afternoon, I was by myself so I moseyed on up to the bar to make my order.

The bartender slash waitress seemed a bit pre occupied and in general I was not super happy with my service but to say the least I am a fan.
I guess if I had never enjoyed GOOD cajun food *cough* Baseline/Price *cough* previously, or never enjoyed it at all, this place would get 3.5 stars, maybe 4, but that world does not exist for me in this current plane of reality.  Really, this is 2.5 stars, but there is no way to give a 1/2 star.

Gumbo was meh.  Decent taste but the rue was not fantastic and frankly kind of oily.  Red Beans and Rice were boooooring and the only thing that saved it was the sausage.  Potato salad was also meh and didn't leave any great impression.  

Price was on par with other cajun spots.  If you think this is excellent cajun food, well, "shame on you".  :D
Enjoyed my sandwich & would definitely go back.  There was a live musician on the Wednesday night I was there.  While the music was great, it was a bit noisier than I was expecting, which made it occasionally hard to hear my group.  However, it was still a fun night with some high quality Cajun food.
We were able to enjoy  patio seating on a nice spring night here at Baby Kay's.  Tucked into a nice strip mall area near several other restaurants, boutique shops and Trader Joe's it can also make for a fun outing.   The food here was authentic and flavorful.  The food was spicy but not so much as to loose touch with the flavor of it all.  I could have made a meal out of the seafood gumbo alone but got the 2 item that came with red beans and rice ( I barely touched it I was so full).  My friend got a three item combo and while the portions looked meagar, they filled him up and he was quite pleased.  We didn't quite know what to expect with the green olive coleslaw when we saw it as an option but if you are a green olive fan you will enjoy the mix of tart briney sliced green pimento stuffed olives with the slaw.  I would have liked to try the oyster po' boy, I will have to go back just for that and the slaw.
baby kay's was my home away from home for a year.  initially, i went there for one reason only, they had turbodog on draft.  by the end of the year, i'd had so many great times there that i can do nothing but give them five stars.  i could go there on the verge of tears (it was a rough year) and leave a few hours later laughing.

i always sat at the bar.  my favorite bartender was cory.  she's a sweetheart.  if you see her, tell her i said hello.  my favorite waitress was serena.  her boyfriend would often come in and he and i would drink and talk.  he was all right.  i met many regulars there and they were all very friendly from the first time i went to my last.  

the owners are twin sisters, heidi and heather.  heather was always so very nice to me.  sometimes, she'd buy me a beer.  that's always cool.  cory would do that, too.  actually, almost every time i went i'd get a beer on the house.   anyway, heather would sometimes sit with me and ask me to try new things.  sometimes it was food and sometimes a new bottle of wine.  

now i don't fit the profile of their average customer.  i have a shaved head, ride a motorcycle and am covered in tattoos from my neck to my writs.  everybody else was pretty white-collar in profession and dress.  still, for some reason, i was accepted and treated very well.  god bless baby kay's.

i see some folks are cajun food snobs but i have to say their crawfish etouffee is really incredible and i can't tell you how many catfish or oyster poboys i ate.  their prices are probably not bad considering the neighborhood, which can be pricey.  as others have noted, it's probably the best cajun food you're going to find in phoenix.

i recommend you go to baby kay's, sit at the bar, order a pint of turbodog and a bowl of etouffee and say hello to people.  you'll have a wonderful time.
Bland, uninspired, boring and dark. Great happy hour spot. Don't miss Spicy Mary. 

--light provided by a cluster of 4 low-watt street-lamp-style globes and candles goes  for a sidewalk cafe, but it was just too dark.
--chicken gumbo uninteresting
--red beans and rice, no flavor
--jumbalaya a mound of bland rice with flecks of meat
--sausage very authentic with ground spicy bits of hooves and snouts, except I can still feel those bits, ew!
--crawdads are the only palatable dish, though it's not far from a Chinese all-you-can-eat buffet. 
--Spicy Mary made with Absolut Peppar and marinated asparagus. Don't miss it. 
--live low slow blues guitar and jazz styles missing the energy I wanted
--food also missing a kind of mischief I expect from this cuisine; I have to douse everything with Tabasco.

Baby kay's is a Phoenix stalward, having survived for at least 15 years, but probably longer. Am Missing something? Is Southern cooking just not interesting? I think not. I'll hav to pull out my old VCR tapes of that heavy French accent narrating Best Chefs of the World.
I have been coming to Baby Kay's for many years.  My wife and I moved to North Scottsdale a few years ago and would only make it down to Baby Kay's maybe once or twice a year.  About two weeks ago we were craving that crawfish sauce so we headed down...I'm so glad we did!  Food was amazing as usual!  On a Saturday night it was just the right crowd....it really reminds me of New Orleans.  I just found out it is under new ownership... Twin sisters and they were both working that night and they were great.  I really feel Baby Kay's is the best cajun in the state of Arizona!   I'm heading down now for the Monday special "Beer Battered Shrimp with Crawfish sauce and dirty rice"  Where else would I find this???
Oyster po'boy, bitches!  Thick, juicy hunks of oyster, lightly battered and fried, then put on a toasted hoagie roll.  Served with homemade potato chips, a pile of sweet pickle slices and a side of the remoulade sauce.  The sauce is what makes it!  It's a horseradish sauce and yummy!  I poured a bit of it over my sandwich.  It's obviously the specialty of the house, because our server asked each of us if we wanted it on the side.
Oysters were big, juicy and firm, not too much so, though.  Nothing like oysters that aren't edible.  I've had them elsewhere and it's really disgusting.
I just burped and it tasted like the po'boy.  All the boys at work are jealous.
So my wife has been bugging me to get takeout from this place for quite some time. I finally caved, and man am I glad I did. We each got the Baby Kay's Combination that came with Crawfish Etoufee, Chicken Jambalaya and Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. They each came with a side dish. I chose the green olive cole slaw, my wife opted for the side salad (booooo). We also threw on a basket of hush puppies.  The Etoufee was great, nice spice and a great velvety texture. The "jambalaya" wasn't what I had expected, it was more like dirty rice with sausage (no chicken or shrimp).  The Gumbo was pretty good, but I didn't eat much because I was so full. The hush puppies were okay, nothing to write home about.  We just purchased the 2010 Entertainment book, so we had buy one get one free. Total tab was around $22, money well spent. Am I hooked? no. Would I go back, yup if I was in the mood.
This place was WAY overpriced for mediocre food.  The only thing I really liked was the seafood ettouffee.  The sweet and spicy wings were not bad but tasted better heated up later.  The barbeque shrimp wasn't what I expected at all but was pretty good, maybe its better in the entree version over rice.  They were out of oysters for the po boy so I couldn't get it although I wanted to..  The gumbo and jambalaya wasn't anything to write home about.  :)
The dirty rice and boudin at Baby Kay's are really quite wonderful - a local treasure in Phoenix. Baby Kay's and Papadeaux's take the prize for Cajun restaurants so far in Phoenix, with good food at reasonable prices. The lunch is a little pricier here - and so I recommend Baby Kay's for dinner because it's the same price. But hey if Greekfest across the street is full for lunch, pop over to Baby Kay's. The food is consisistently good - gumbo, jambalaya and oyster po-boy. Highly recommended.
Yup.  Good.  Uh huh.

Expensive? Yes.  Better option in Phoenix? Nope.
I'd hate to waste a star on this place!

I lived right outside of The French Quarter in New Orleans for 8 months. I remember the best of Cajun food and this place was far from what I remember. I'm not big on seafood but everyone at our table ordered a seafood dish and all were not happy with their entree.

What did I order? I ordered a simple Chicken Po'boy sandwich. How can a Cajun restaurant get this wrong? This place did. The chicken was placed on bread that was hard. I expected the chicken to be smothered in BBQ sauce. Wrong! The sauce was on the side. The lettuce on the side of dish that was to be used in the sandwich was a bit on the brown side. The fries were cold. Yuck!

Waitress was great. She was the best part of this dining experience. Never again.
Wanted to try cajun food so looked up this place. It was good. Even though we had to ask to be re-sat after we sat for 15 minutes with no one coming tot he table... But we were the only ones on the patio so it's cool. The night we went there was a guy playing the blues... very nice. My son loved it.

Ordered the Cajun Combination to get a little taste of everything. Liked it all, but loved the Crawfish Etouffee!
So I was here Tuesday night, the first time in a year and prior to that it had been over 7 years. This place used to be packed! Even a year ago it had a decent crowd. When we arrived.. one table was sat with a child running and screaming through the dining area. Because of that we chose the bar. 2 guys at the bar that's it. Needless to say our service was good, how can it not be right? Started with BBQ shrimp.which was realy good but not BBQ, it was more of a spicy lemon, which was fine because the server explained that. Had I expected BBQ I would have been disappointed. Garlic Bread Great..Hush puppies a little over done but still good. Followed it up with the Bourbon Chocolate Sauce sundae..um yumm. So al in all food no complaints whatsoever. Atmosphere.. there was none. We might as well have been in a one horse town. While we were there the guys left and 2 business like women took their place at the bar. What was sad was the people watching. One of the women was just short of bragging how she used to go there all the time and how she knows all the employees...went out of her way to get the bartenders name and introduce herself like she was somebody. It was sad. She was name dropping herself! Food great.. atmosphere 'nil it was depressing..Its my opinion that unless they change up their location to something with more foot traffic (Mill Avenue would be perfect for this place... other spots such as Desert Ridge, Fashion Square, Westgate even..)they're going to waste away. Town & Country Plaza just isn't what it used to be and it's sad because their food deserves the attention, it really does.
nothin' to boast about. they need to season the crawfish with spices and not hot sauce. that goes without saying. which leads me to say i don't really dig what they're puttin' out with the crawfish boil.  being a southerner out of place sucks one in when one sees a crawfish boil is being put on...  boy, was i the one put on.
Serves really really tasty Cajun food.  I usually pop in here for lunch, but the flavors from the food the the ambiance reminds you of New Orleans.

The cajun, honey and bbq wings here are super good!  One thing that they make really good is the Catfish sandwich, crispy on the outside with a side of coleslaw.  

I'm not an expert on this, but I am not a fan of their jambalaya, the rice is a bit bland and too fluffy.  The base sauce that goes with it is not the greatest.  Most of the time, the staffs are courteous and attentive.

Overall, it's a great lunch spot.
I love Cajun/Creole food - good, bad or indifferent.  I first became acquainted with it when I was in the service in eastern Texas in Galveston.  Coming from Washington State, it was a  brand new experience for me - the flavors were wild and exotic.  And since we had nothing like it in Washington, I taught myself to cook it - gumbo, jambalaya, barbecued shrimp, etouffee,  red beans and rice - I loved it all.  I bought every cookbook available, and this was prior to Paul Prudhomme, Emeril, and Justin Wilson.  My children grew up eating Cajun, and even now they ask me to cook it for them when they come home.

So I had a craving for Cajun food, and headed off to Baby Kay's.  I finally found it tucked away in a mall on Camelback.  The inside is inviting, and there is a patio adjacent to it.  When I came in there was an old man playing blues at the front entrance, so I knew it was the right spot.  

I sat at the bar and sampled their shrimp etoufee, chicken and sausage gumbo, and jambalaya.   Of course, I had to sample the Turbo Dog beer.  Sad to say, the beer was the best part of the whole meal.

I was disappointed in the flavors of the food.  It seemed that they had toned the taste down, so as  to appease the general public. Cajun and Creole  food is simple, yet can be made quite complex with the spices added - and I don't mean just Tabasco Sauce.

I have to give them credit - the food was obviously prepared correctly - the gumbo was made with a roux, the jambalaya was not swimming in  tomato sauce.  I loved the etouffee - if I had just had that and the Turbo Dog beer, I would have been satisfied.

So I will go back - but only if I have a craving for Cajun/Creole food - and only if I can't find any place better.
I'm always thrilled with the experience of checking out different Cajun restaurants. It always makes for a good time, because it's a great excuse to assemble a group and multiple drinks with dinner are de rigeur. My experience at Baby Kay's was just such an occasion, as I joined friends for Cajun food and crawfish (served on Wednesdays at Baby K's).

The overall experience was wonderful. Abita beers on tap, good variety of choices on the menu. Having lived in Louisiana for seven years (although in the notoriously non-Cajun predominantly Scotch-Irish region known as Shreveport), I got to ply my expertise and educate my friends on what they were stuffing down their collective gullet.

The crawfish here were disappointing. I don't know if it was because they were boiled forever or not kept alive before boiling, but the tail meat on many of them were mushy. And the shells were hard to shuck since they were so flimsy. Something was amiss. The novelty value was there, but they were actually pretty unpalatable. I did get a thrill out of discovering deep-fried boudin (pronounced "boo-dan") balls, which were tasty, even though the portion was somewhat meager. I shared this pork-and-liver-and-rice specialty with my friends who promptly uttered yummy sounds.

A good time was had by all. Service was friendly and attentive, but in my opinion, the food was a bit overpriced. I give them props for providing a decent Cajun dining experience, but the menu could use a little tweaking and they need to bring up their crawfish game. I'll be back for the ambience and appetizers sometime, just to relive a little Louisiana experience, and maybe suck down a few Turbo Dogs (that's my Abita beer of choice).
It had been ages since I had been to Baby Kay's...it's kinda just off the beaten path that I forget about it.....what a mistake. After wandering back a month ago my better half and I have made it our Monday spot along with a few other trips in between. Mondays are beer battered shrimp with dirty rice a a wonderful crawfish sauce that rocks my world (shrimp are big and sweet and you get 8 which trust me makes for ALOT of food). My hubby loves the chicken and sausage gumbo...so much so that we get an extra for lunch the next day. All of the food has a wonderful spicy kick that is seriously addictive and the patio is great for this time of year. Of course we sit at the bar where Jimmy takes great care of us. Noelle whom some of you may remember from her Ticoz days works the luch crowd. So if you haven't checked it out its worth the trip and a Happy Hour cocktail with Jimmy.
Baby Kays and Pappadeaux's are the only real Cajun restaurants in the valley. All else I've tried including Cajun Seafood Corner, Voodoo Daddy's, and Ches Moneaux are posers only. They only WISH they served the quality Cajun cuisine that these restaurants serve day in and day out. My favorite item on the menu for Baby Kay's is the crawfish ettouffee. I've also had the red beans and rice. It is VERY GOOD. Couple the food with live entertainment on the weekend and you've got a recipe for a Cajun good time! Laissez Les Bon Temps Roullette!
This place has been around a long time, and I've been there quite a few times. It's hard to find decent Cajun food in Phoenix, but Kay's usually does pretty well.

Our last visit wasn't the greatest. The duck & andouille gumbo was nice, if not quite piping hot. I forgave that, as it's one of the few places around you cna find duck of any kind, or andouille for that matter. The shrimp etouffe came out stone cold, and the waitress quickly returned it to the kitchen where they nuked it to almost hot. Microwaved etouffee just isn't right. 

An order of dirty rice with a side of 2 links of andouille proved almost pointless, as we specifically made clear this was an entree, and expected the 2 links to be cut up and added to the rice. What we got was a small bowl of dirty rice with two tiny breakfast-sized links laid atop it.  

The crab cakes weren't bad, being mostly crab with little bread crumbs, but they really didn't scream authentic cajun cakes to me. Plus, they too were a bit on the cold side - even though everything came out quickly. 

On the plus side, they have Abita beers on tap. Turbo Dog is always welcomed - especially if it's on tap. 

Another plus is you can stop in on a weekend night (we went on a Saturday) even at 9p and they are open. The place was empty barring a few people at the bar. That should be your clue. 

My previous experiences here were all around lunchtime, with no problems as far as food temp, so I suspect that late night diners are getting food that has been sitting around in a steamer all day long. 

Regardless, I am only giving this 2 stars. Your mileage may vary.
I ate here last night with my folks and g/f. Having already read previous yelpers i already knew what to try and what i wanted.

The seafood gumbo was very good as was the chicken and sausage gumbo. I enjoyed a cold Turbodog along with my meal that paired fairly well with the spices from the sausage. My dad was a little disappointed that they were out of oysters for his po'boy but he claimed he was happy with the catfish po'boy in the end. Enoyed the live blues music while dining and having a good time.

All in all expect rather slow service but better than most cajun food in phoenix. Would eat here again in the future.
Seafood etoufee was good.  Guitar player was fantastic.  Waitress was very nice and helpful.  Service was good.

The Jambalaya and gumbo were ok.  Fried oysters were ok.  The potato salad was ok.  The atmosphere was ok.

All in all, an ok Cajun dining experience.  I'd use more adjectives but they didn't really spring to mind or tongue.  It didn't knock my socks off but it did scratch the itch.
I work right around the corner from this place and it seems to be out go-to watering hole to get hammered and eat spicy food.  Not that we're picky on the getting hammered part, but the food here is damn good.  I'm not really a cajun food person to begin with, but there a few awesome things about Baby Kay's that you can't get just anywhere.  

1) Seafood Burrito on Tuesday nights - holy mother of goodness...I'm not sure how much of the ocean is actually thrown in that tortilla, but it's fantastic.  There's a ton of cheese, cream sauce and I'm sure a ton of other uber-healthy ingredients.  Amazing.  If you've never been here before, you should hit up Tuesday nights. 

2) Friday/Saturday Pork Chop - again, not really a pork chop person.  I wouldn't go to a restaurant and scan the menu for a pork chop...but this one is INSANE.  You don't need a knife...it's so moist (I hate that word, but I'll reserve the right to use it when talking about Baby Kay's pork chop) and juicy I really want to curl up and die a happy person after consuming half a pig.  Yum is all I can say to that visual.

Yes, they're kind of pricy, but it's not outrageous.  I've had the gumbo and the sampler platter too, all of which are delicious.  The bar is great, I notice they serve a lot of beers on tap, but they also have a full bar that I've taken advantage of multiple times.

Also - during the week they have a guy (who may or may not be  homeless, it adds to the luster) who plays jazz music inside the restaurant and it's great.  It's like Enya when you're in a massage, it really makes you feel as though you might be in Louisiana for the night.  Thankfully, you're not, b/c that place sucks.

Try it out and go on a Tuesday or Friday/Saturday night!
I've been to Baby Kay's a couple of times and have sampled the catfish, gumbo and red beans and rice. The catfish basket and gumbo were so so while the red beans and rice took the gold. I think Baby Kay's needs some work on their lunch menu. I personally think that $50 for lunch for three people that didn't order any alcohol is a pretty steep price to pay for medicore food. I'm not too excited to make a third trip to Baby Kay's.
Fantastic place with superb service and something a little unique in the Valley - translating a difficult, spicey, gamey style of cuisine into food that everyone will appreciate. You really can't go wrong on the menu - the gumbos are wonderful and the jambalaya spicey and delicious. Try the pasta with the cajun cream sauce, and of course their pulled pork is a classic favorite among their customers. 

Full bar; I suggest a tropically inspired drink like a painkiller. Nice wine menu that is very affordable, but also qute good, with lots of smart choices a little off the beaten path. They feature daily specials that are fancied by their regulars and folks come fraom all over across the Valley to get there - Chandler, Surprise, even out of town. Charles Barkley gave them a wonderful review at the half-time of a superbowl. 

Simply the best.
I simply will never compare Cajun/Creole-inspired restaurants outside of Southern Louisiana to the real deal. It's just one of those things you don't do. That being said, I am a HUGE fan of Baby Kay's. It's probably my first or second choice restaurant in the Valley of the Sun...of any variety of cuisine!

This casual joint first endeared itself to me by stocking a wonderous libation I feared was lost forever: Dixie Blackened Voodoo. I can't think of a better pairing of beer with food than a Voodoo and some ass-kickin' gumbo. Or any of your favorite SOLA entrees, for that matter. They have an ample selection of brews, as well.

With talk of delicious beers aside, the food here can hold its own in the Flavor Arena. I usually always get the crab cakes to start despite their $12 tag...they're undeniably worth it. You can't go wrong with the gumbo (try the duck & andouille combo, BOH!) or the other Cajun mainstays, etouffee, jambalaya, etc. Even the garlic bread that accompanies many of their hors d'oevres and entrees has a memorable quality to its flavor. 

Despite absolutely loving this place, I had to only give it 4 stars because I believe the menu to be limited. I wasn't crazy about the po'boys either...but then again I rarely am (blasphemy?). Also, there's no entree I've had there that's blown me away, yet it's all extremely flavorful and brings back some pleasant memories. Lastly, I'll add that of all the times I've eaten here, I've yet to try any of their desserts! Wonder why that is? heeh

Occasionally, they'll have a guitarist or musician of some sort jammin' away inside. The patio is great to sit and enjoy your meal, during the colder months, clearly. There are an interesting mix of people in that area and I've become involved in some really thoughtful conversations in the moments after I've stuffed my face full of goodness.

I've recently moved to the Loma Linda neighborhood in Phoenix, which is conveniently a few blocks away, so I'm sure y'all will see me at Baby Kay's with a Voodoo in my hand and a grin on my face!
Alright.. A-hem... er, F*** I hate giving poor reviews! This place isn't HORRIBLE, but it most CERTAINLY isn't as good as what they charge for it.

I went here for lunch today because I was feeling adventurous. I felt the need for something new, and it was a toss up between Cypress Grill and this place. Unfortunately, I picked THIS place... We sat down and ordered my 4 year old the corn dog on the kids menu for $3.50. I ordered the 1/2 shrimp po'boy and chicken/sausage gumbo $10.50, and my wife ordered a chicken po'boy and gumbo of the same $9.50.

Out comes my son's corn dog.  It was nice that they brought that out quick, because kids get anxious when waiting for their food. As do some adults, I suppose... nonetheless, it was one of those frozen-type corn dogs that you can buy by the box... As soon as I saw this, my feeling for adventure was snuffed.  The food DID come out fast. I'll give them that, but it was a bit shy of good.

1/2 Shrimp Po'boy: Keep in mind, they charge $10.50 for a full sized sandwich.  My sandwich had maybe 5 shrimp on it, some lettuce and two small pieces of tomato on the side.  The horseradish sauce was, indeed, good but there lacked anything GOOD to put it on. So I just dunked my two dry pieces of bread and 5 shrimp in the sauce. Don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining about the taste.  The taste was good. but the price I paid doesn't constitute what I received.

Chicken and Sausage Gumbo: I must admit, my wife ruined this one for me.  She mentioned how it reminded her of the canned soup of the same, and, I sh*t you not, it DID taste like canned soup! the chicken was SUPER mushy, and the sausage tasted like they bought a kelbasa, sliced it up, and added it to the soup just before serving. It was not good at all.

I can't comment on my wife's po'boy, but it didn't look much better than mine. Two pieces of bread with some chicken. Meh...

That's right, I said it! Meh, Meh, Meh!!! And with that, I will be making a Meh list to put this in... Actually, I think I already have one.
If you enjoy Cajun food; don't miss this place.   Great food and very reasonable prices.     Great place to go to lunch.     Have eaten there several times and enjoyed the food each time.       I especially like the red beans and rice.
Average Cajun food, nothing special.  I came here late on a Tuesday night.  Few people there.  It's a dive of a place in a strip mall.  A bluesman was playing nice quiet blues on an electric guitar...very nice.  Kinda scruffy place with all the basic Cajun staples.  Nothing fancy.  Decent brews.  I think the bar tender was waiting tables.  I probably won't be back, but I had heard it was great and wanted to try it.  I think I like more upscale digs and fancier/pricier fare.
So I am heading to NOLA for a vacation next week and no better way to prep for the mouth orgasm I'm about to have then head to Baby Kay's.  For the Phoenix Valley this has to be the best Cajun food around.  

I ordered the Cajun combination which is a cup of each: Seafood Gumbo, Crawfish Etouffee, and sausage jambalaya.  Also on the side you get garlic bread and potato salad.  

The Seafood Gumbo was the only one I didn't enjoy it was just ok nothing like I thought it was going to be.  I should have taken the downgraded chicken gumbo.  

The Crawfish Etouffee was awesome it was the best of the three.  It was full of flavor and just yummy.  I think next time I will order just that alone.  

The Jambalaya was good but after the Etouffee it unfortunately was judged unfairly :).  It did have huge chunks of great sausage and tasted good.  

They tried to sell me on dessert but I was so stuffed I didn't even finish my side of potato salad.  3 cups of food actually is a lot more than it sounds like.  

I will be back for sure as this place is a true gem and they have Abita beer which always scores points in my book.
Because we are so far removed from the French Quarter my stomach rarely directs me to Cajun. Let's be honest there are few options in this town.  So this becomes the default spot to scratch the gumbo itch.  
Above average food, better service, higher than expected prices.
If you've ever been to New Orleans and have therefore been spoiled by actual cajun food, this place is a guaranteed disappointment. My $12 shrimp po'boy had maybe 10 shrimp on it, something that is supposed to be a staple of cajun cuisine. The couple of small pickles, half of a tomato slice and soggy lettuce given as dressings for the sandwich were an embarrassment. I'm not sure what flavor the chips were, because there was no flavor. I think I could have had better at Long John Silver's, and I hate Long John Silver's.
Did you know there is live music at Baby Kays? A guy in the corner playing blues guitar. I only just noticed him on my last visit. I've been there a few times in the last few years. I thought it was a CD playing.  I had taken the music for granted without really paying attention to the sounds of fingers scratching across strings, feet tapping on the floor--the other accents that separate real from Memorex..

Maybe that's fitting. I think Baby Kay's has been taken for granted for years now. I remember when it rolled into the valley on a faddish wave of Cajun corn and blackened everything. The endurance of this one place tells you that something about it was more right than the other business that were claimed by time, recessions and the fickleness of the public.

Whatever others might say, I think this place has about the best shrimp etouffe and dirty rice you're going to find in the valley. The central location and laid-back vibe are bonuses.
Authentic Cajun Food!  Who needs fancy when you can get real Gumbo, Jambalaya, Pooh Boys, Etouffee, Andouillee, etc.
My boyfriend and I are both from Louisiana so we were excited to try Baby Kay's. We both had the Bloody Mary which were spicy and full of veggies which we loved. He got the shrimp po-boy and I got the veggie étouffée. Both were quite good. On our second visit he got the sampler which he was less impressed with. Next time we'll stick with the poboy! No vegan options unless you are in the mood for a salad.
OMG the shrimp etouffee. No really. OMG. SO delicious it's ridiculous. 

Went here the night of Fat Tuesday... so cliche I know. Got there about 5:30p. Place was packed of course. Hostess let us know the wait for a table would be about an hour and half but we could drink/eat at the bar in the meantime. Sold. 

Started out with a hurricane (it was Fat Tuesday after all) and it was pretty good. $5? Even better. 

Had an app at the bar, the crab cakes. Moist and delicious but super spicy. And I love spicy. But this was almost too much. Still, I would get it again. Yummy. 

After getting a table (yes, about an hour and half later), we ordered another app (hey, we'd been drinking for an hour and half!), the Lulu Wings. These were OK. The flavor was awesome, kind of a honey-Tabasco. But I thought they were a bit tough and dry, and I didn't like the fact that there wasn't a dipping sauce for them. Won't order them again. 

For dinner, we ordered a smorgasbord of food so we could try lots of things. I had the shrimp etouffee. See first line of this review. OMG... I was too full to try anything else at this point but the hubby liked everything he had (gumbo, red beans/rice, crawfish etouffee). 

p.s. the garlic bread that's served with everything is also delicious. 

Final verdict, unbelievable food and I can't wait to go back.  Especially so I can try the bread pudding.
Great crawfish on Wednesday-
There are not a lot of choices for Cajun food here in AZ, but it has been on my brain lately since it was just Mardi Gras, so I rounded up a group of friends to try it out on a Friday night.

The inside is pretty casual, which is nice, I don't always feel like dressing up on a Friday after work.  We arrived at 7 pm and there was no wait for a table, but the restaurant was pretty much full, which is always a good sign.

I had the Crawfish Etoufee and it was delicious!  It had lots of big chunks of crawfish and a nice punch of heat.  I ordered just the individual cup size and it was plenty of food, especially since they serve it with a basket of garlic bread.  

We also tried the hushpuppies, which I don't have much experience with, I guess they were good?  The spinach artichoke dip was mediocre, and it came out with a pile of store bought tortilla chips, but the menu stated that it came with garlic bread.  We asked our server and he told us that they had been serving it with chips lately, but that he would bring us some bread.  The bread was better with the dip, but the dip was still nothing special and I wouldn't order it again.

The service was fine, but the reason I had to knock this place down a star is because of the bathroom situation.  You literally have to walk into the kitchen to get to the bathroom!  You look to your right and you have the service counter where the food is waiting and then you look to your left and you are in the bathroom....it is so weird!  I was glad that I didn't have to use the bathroom until I was done eating!  

Bathroom situation aside, I will probably be back when the Cajun craving strikes again....hopefully I will forget about the bathrooms by then!
In Phoenix on Spring break vacation, we found Baby Kay's by using the entertainment coupon book we bought to use while out there. They were in the front for fine dining, and had a great coupon deal, along with a sample menu. Everything on the sample menu sounded delish, and we very much like the spice of Cajun cooking. It was a little hard to find, although we were not at all familiar with the area. We had the wings as an app. and used the Louisiana gold hot sauce, something new to us that we are having trouble finding in Ohio since we fell in love with it there. The gumbo was outstanding, and even the alfredo pasta had a spice sprinkled on top for a Cajun style kick... it was unexpected, and awesome! Huge portions - that we both had plenty to take with us for a whole other left over meal. ... the prices were great, especially with the coupon (or actually the entertainment card that they punch for fine dining restaurants). Excellent staff- close to closing for the night, and welcomed us in, and didn't rush us at all - made sure we were happy with everything we ordered, very friendly! Definitely would recommend it for any one who likes a little Cajun kick, and something different from chain restaurants...
I have been coming here for years...through all the owners.  Always great food and the service is consistently good.  One of my top 5 places to eat in Phoenix.  Twin sisters own the place now and they know how to run a restaurant.
Best Cajun food in AZ hands down.  They serve all the usuals, etouffee, gumbo, jambalaya, etc. This is genuine stuff here. The jambalaya is the true rice dish. No tomato or noodles. Gumbo is the best! Cajun shrimp are great and worth getting more garlic bread to sop up the sauce with. Hushpuppies are a good alternative to fries the green olive coleslaw. The Boudin balls are worth trying if you've never had them.
Crawfish etouffee with garlic toast, a side of red beans and rice, a large carafe of iced tea, with key lime pie for dessert. That's what I had for lunch on Friday. I had forgotten how spicy Cajun food is and was only able to finish half of my meal, but the crawfish etouffee was G.U.D. good!

Serena will take care of you!
Maybe it was an off day or something for this place..  Stopped in for lunch today, it's a Saturday.  Place is in a strip mall.  Decorations are something you would see in party city around Mardi Gras time, (pretty cheesy).  Service was nice and friendly.  Now lets get down to the food part of this.  
I'm very hesitate to say but I must, it wasn't good.. Yes I've read the other reviews but I've been and lived in New Orleans and I have to say I don't think this should be called Cajun.  The flavors are so bland I couldn't taste any spice at all on anything.  Food seemed really dry like it might have been sitting awhile.
My husband and I ordered the Boudin Balls for an app.  Now those were decent.  I ordered a Shrimp Po'boy, and my husband ordered the Jambalaya.  My shrimp Po'boy had old bread and was cut in half with 4 medium size shrimps on each half., sorry not enough shrimp for a sandwich that cost nearly 11 bucks at lunch.  The Remoulade sauce only had one flavor... Horseraddish, it was super strong and was awful.  So eh on the Po'boy, it came with a side of burnt homemade potato chips, ate like one and decided to pass on the plate of them.
I felt really bad though looking at my husbands plate.  It was a stacked high rice dish with these shriveled up sausages thrown on the side of the dish.  I had a taste of his, first the rice... really dry.. Then I took a little bit of this beef jerky sausage, it was so dry and had no taste at all.  I told him he must dump hot sauce all over that dish because there is nothing going on there.  
So yeah.. not sure if it's what we ordered or what, but Flavors of Louisiana is way better if your craving Cajun food in the valley.
P.S.  My husband ordered Tea, it's wasn't Louisiana Tea, nor sweet as they make it in the south... would have been nice to have been given the option for sweet tea!
I'm a sucker for their sweet and spicy wings.
We tried out Baby Kay's to satisfy our craving for catfish and gumbo.  It's a casual atmosphere, the servers are friendly, and there was live music on a Thursday night.  Plus they serve Abita beer which always scores MAJOR POINTS with me.  The only con was the food came out pretty slow.  the service was great, but it was pretty busy and so maybe the kitchen was backed up.  The catfish po' boy was as good as it's going to get outside of NOLA - we'll definitely be back.
This is really one of my favorite places to get some good cajun food!  Their fried catfish is nice and crispy, their blackened catfish is juicy and spicy and their red beans and rice are quite tasty.  

Let's talk about their gumbo....hmmm....hmmm... good!  They offer three different types: chicken and sausage, seafood and duck and sausage.  I really love the seafood gumbo, but don't sleep on the duck and sausage.  It has a different flavor, but it's wonderful.  

If you're in Phoenix, you have to try this place.  You'll feel like you're in the Big Easy!!
I stopped in for lunch, had the 1/2 catfish Po'boy with the chicken and sausage gumbo, with chips. Did I ordered the wrong thing? 
Nothing really wrong here, the po'boy came out dry, just fried catfish and a bun, on the side they put the remoulade sauce, lettuce and tomato, so you basically have to make your own sandwich.... The remoulade sauce, which was the "make or break" piece to this dish, was really inedible, quite terrible... I've had some good, and some bad remoulade, this was the worst... it's definitely not supposed to taste like 90% horseradish!
The gumbo was decent, however nothing special.. 
I really love good Cajun food, was really excited to try this place, sadly I will not be back.
Well worth the drive. The best crawfish étouffée I had so far. The crawfish were so plump and juicy. And the garlic bread.... So delicious.
Fair at best. I keep wishing for a great Creol/Cajun place here in town, but, sadly, have yet to find one that is good. 

The food lacked flavor and just was sort of eh. They need a recipe total overhaul/revamp and they'd be fine.
Went for restaurant week and I was uber excited to see a Cajun restaurant participating:) It wasn't a busy night yet we waited I felt a few long minutes for basic initial service (if lady says ill give u a min she means minutes as in plural as in more than a few lol)....the crawfish etouffee was delish as well as the Cajun shrimp cocktail, key lime pie, and bread pudding.  Not impressed with the dry jambalaya, crab cakes and sea food gumbo:(  If I'm in the area I might try again but not a place I would go out the way for.  My anticipation was more exciting than actual experience....it happens :)
Bad Ass Cajun.  
Came in on a Friday and sat at the bar to get some Cajun fare.  I got the seafood gumbo and the half shrimp Po Boy.  Both were delish! Shrimp in both dishes was plump, juicy and that special crunchy fresh you dream of at night.  Sitting down at the bar, I talked to the tender and the guests.  Everybody was friendly and the tender even was calling me by name when I left.  I explained how much I liked the gumbo and she let me try the sausage and chicken gumbo on the house and it too was also a tasty classic gumbo delight.
All in all this was a down home friendly, classically Cajun experience that is now one of my favorites.
I went there for lunch with my boyfriend. We are both cajun food fans. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip with crab. I ordered jambalaya, and he ordered the combination plate. They were all edible but not very pleasing to the palate. The  staff was nice, but the main entries took almost an hour to come out. It was pretty disappointing. I don't think I would come back.
My wife and I both love good Cajun food and Baby Kay's has always delivered. On our most recent visit I had the Crayfish Etouffee and my wife had the ribs, the ribs were very good, they have a excellent sauce but you can get good ribs at a lot of restaurants, Crayfish Etouffee on the other hand is almost impossible to find in Phoenix, AZ and it was as good as I've had in NOLA.  Their gumbo is excellent there are a  thousand small differences in gumbo recipes even in New Orleans LA and  Baby Kay's is exceptionally tasty. I gave it 5 stars just on food quality alone and you can get Turbo Dog on tap! Like they say in the Big Easy, "Let the good times roll!"
nothing to rave about this place.
service was poor and the food was bad.
I know, I shouldn't expect much on cajun food in phoenix. but I'm always up for an adventure.
Love it!  Fridays entree is pork chops- so amazing!  craw fish etoueffee- wow!
I have been coming here for many many years. The food is always excellent and fresh very authentic cajun. They have 1 of the best crawfish Étouffée that I have ever had including in the new orleans. Friendly's helpful stuff is there to make your meal perfect. Great jumbalaya dirty rice and there garlic bread.
Came in around lunch time last week with my aunt and mother for a quick lunch and was happily surprised at their Check-In special of 15% off your order.
Wow. Having been raised for awhile in the South, I was happily surprised! I ordered a oyster and catfish po'boy with remoulade sauce. The fish definitely seemed to be better quality, and wasn't too flaky but cooked the right way - in corn meal and yummyness. The oysters were divine, but I crave them all year long until those wondrous R months come along, so I never complain. The remoulade sauce was disturbing good. I normally hate horseradish, except in remoulade so was kinda skeptical if the taste would be overwhelming, but it wasn't an in-your-face sort of flavor, just that subtle oh-so-good burn.
Mum and Aunt were overjoyed, but I wonder if that had something to do with the yummy-looking alcoholic beverages in front of us. Mum's only complaint was that she had eaten it all.
Definitely a fan of Baby Kay's and will most certainly be back.
AWESOME Cajun.  
Came in on a Saturday with my husband and sat at the bar to get some Cajun fare.  We got the seafood gumbo and the crab cakes. Both were delish! Shrimp in the soup was plump and juicy.  Sitting at the bar, we talked to the tender and the guests.  Everybody was friendly and the tender even was calling us by name when we left.  She made us great hurricanes too!  We will definitely return!
Lately, I've been on the hunt for a good shrimp po boy. I'm not sure if this compulsion was spurred by homesickness for New Orleans, the food challenge show featuring 2 famous NOLA po boy joints, or both but I've it seems the last few weekends I've found myself dreaming of that crusty bread "dressed" with lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and golden deep fried gulf shrimp. I happened to notice Baby K's one day and decided to try it out. To be honest, I wasn't even really that hungry but I wanted the po boy and I didn't know when or if I'd have the opportunity to go back to Town and Country mall any time in the near future. The inside was empty but they have a French
Quarter-esque patio complete with wrought iron fence. The bf and I both ordered the half pb with a cup of gumbo. I'm a bit of a gumbo snob bc I feel I can make it better than any restaurant can but theirs was really good! They had 3 different kinds which was nice and it was seasoned perfectly. There wasn't a bite that didn't have meat in and the broth was just right. The shrimp on the pb was succulent and almost tasted as if it was battered in beignet mix as the fried was light and airy. I didn't indulge in any libations but they do have Abita and a few other New Orleans beer classics. If I find myself in the area again I'd probably go back but this time I'm ordering a whole po boy!
Best shrimp po'boy in Arizona. Just like being in New Orleans! Great relaxed atmosphere and very friendly environment.
Brought a friend from Louisiana here.  She says that the crawfish etouffee here is the best she's had outside of Louisiana!
Conveniently located in the center of the East Valley and worth the trek from the West Valley, Baby Kay's does Cajun Cooking like it is done in restaurants and back yards from Houma to Bossier City!  This is true low country cooking, right here in The Valley of the Sun! 

If you are a Cajun you will know and appreciate all of the traditional cooking here.  I need not tell you what it tastes like, you grew up on this stuff.  If you are new to Cajun Fare, this is the BEST representation of Cajun food you will find anywhere west of the Sabine River.  Do not miss an opportunity to eat and drink here.  They have all of the standard beers and some Louisiana Specialties! 

Service is Great!
Food is OUTSTANDING!
Atmosphere is classic French Quarter!

Bring a friend, bring a date, bring your family but most of all BRING YO SELF and have a hot bowl of Cajun Cookin!
I must first say that I am from cajun country (born and raised in Vermilion Parish, cher). So, I rarely try any "cajun" restaurants outside of south Louisiana. Places like Mimi's are as authentic to me as Taco Bell is to our south of the border friends. 
But, this place is close to hubby's office and I saw something I NEVER see on menus...BOUDIN. This got me excited. If they have boudin, they've got to be legit, right?
The best thing was their crawfish etouffee. Hands down. They do use cream of mushroom soup in it. Depending on the recipe your momma uses, this may be "cheating." But, it was good. 
The shrimp poboy was good. I can't give a place 4 or 5 stars based on a poboy since that's pretty hard to screw up. And, you can get poboys at places like Bubba Gump and Lucille's. 
The gumbo was okay. But, I am biased and rarely like any gumbo as much as my own (even at restaurants back home). 
The boudin was terrible. Seriously, terrible. Even if you've never had real boudin, you won't like this. Maybe it was bad? It had the same flavor as some dressup lipstick I had as a kid. I had to spit it out in my napkin. 

I do like that they fly in crawfish. And, I like the decor. It's simple...just like many of the hole in the wall places I've enjoyed in Louisiana. 
I'd go back for a poboy or etouffee if I was in the area. But, wouldn't make a special trip for it.
Another Groupon Now Deal...I'm starting to see a trend with these...mediocre food.  I had the red beans and rice which came out warm...not hot.  My husband ordered the spicy fried chicken which was VERY crispy and the brown meat was tender and juice.  The breast, however, was dry and flavorless and needed to be brined before frying just to give it something.  I won't return.  I was barely worth the "deal" but I'm glad I tried it.
This place is pretty cool!  I had no idea this hidden gem was tucked away in a strip mall!  My friends and I opted for outdoor patio seating since it was such a nice evening out.  I recommend taking that route whenever possible.

The food was great!  My friends and I opted for the sampler appetizer and a combo platter and the shrimp special for dinner.  DO NOT leave without having some sweet potato pie!  Everything tasted great!  I'd love to see some different wines on their menu - maybe a good Australian Sauv Blanc or some good white blends to pair with the spiciness of the food but the Melbec that we had was just fine.

And I was impressed that one of the OWNERS was in the trenches working with the staff!  I forgot to mention my check-in deal when the check arrived but that's totally my fault.  I told the owner in the beginning of the meal and said I'd show her again when the check came.   Don't do that.

I will definitely return - most likely with my Dad, he would like a place with such authentic Cajun food!
I must say I love this place. My family is originally from Mississippi and Alabama The first time i went was with my dad. but I have been there many times thereafter.  I love the location even thoe its a bit far from me. I feel it is well worth the drive. I stop by  by whenever i can my favorites are the BBQ  shrimp it has a sweet spicy sauce for the shrimp which is off set perfectly by the rice. I also love the oyster and shrimp po' boys they even let me do half and half one half of the po' boy oyster and the other half shrimp. I can never seem to make it to there desserts because i always get full first. But i have never been disappointed leaving Baby Kays.  There is always a good vibe there they have live music on the weekend . I think it can be a family spot or even a wonderful date spot either way just walking in gives me good vibes and makes me happy. I love the food, people,vibes, and even the shopping plaza its located it. I consider it to be a hidden gem of the desert.
OMG! This Cajun Kitchen ROCKED! I have spent plenty of time in New Orleans, LA and the thing I miss most is the food!
This Cajun food is simply the best in AZ!
Everything was authentic and oh sooo good!
Not to mention, live music the Saturday night we were there.
The service was top notch! Efficient, laid back, and she never missed a beat! Typical of NOLA service!
The Etouffee & the bread pudding was the best!
You could taste the bourbon sauce in the bread pudding, which melts in your mouth! It did have coconut in it which was a bit different for me.
ALL in ALL I wish this place had a brunch.
I definitely will be back
There was this little sandwich shop just around the corner from my office that had the most amazing chicken and sausage gumbo, plus a number of fine sandwiches.  But sadly they shut it down about a month ago and I've been at a loss for a good lunch place ever since.   Besides having some great lunch food, the owners and staff were fantastic and are missed.   HOWEVER, the owners also have another place that is doing great, and its Baby Kay's Cajun Kitchen.   So I drove the 10 minute drive and can't imagine why I waited until now to visit them.   The food was incredible, the menu has many more choices, and a dessert of bread pudding about put me into a food coma!    The gumbo is perfect every time, and the Shrimp Po'Boy was excellent with the horseradish sauce.   And it was sure nice to see both Heidi and Heather again!   
I'll continue to miss their sandwich shop, but I will definitely be making the short drive over to Baby Kay's again.    
Get there a little early, they had a line forming around noon, so lots of other people like the place too!
GREAT food. 

Skip the po boy (they're just decent) and get the combo :)  yum yum yum

I felt like we were in NOLA again for a few minutes :)
Came here with a restaurant.com coupon, so worth it!We started off with delicious barbecue sliders, I had the Cajun combination of chicken jambalaya, chicken and sausage gumbo and an AMAZING crawfish andouille. My boyfriend tried the catfish po-boy and we finished it off with a bourbon sundae. The food was delicious, the service was great and they had decent live music. I will be going back soon!
Seafood gumbo - not very fresh, smelled of seafood, very murky
Oyster poboy - mediocre, dried French bread, few strands of shredded lettuce, pickles and tomatoes on the side

Service - we were the only ones there at about 4 p.m. The waitress appeared to be uninterested and vanished for awhile 

Hmm. I heard a little bit of buzz about this place. I definitely won't be coming back.
This is one of our favorite places. First, Everything on the menu is to die for. I get my usual, chicken gumbo with a side of brocolli, we have recently been getting our son the catfish sticks, I am not a catfish person, but wow! I help him eat them, if he lets me. ;) I could go on and on about the other fantastic favorites, 
We get treated so special there which is really nice. It feels like home. And our sons favorite thing is Dino, the music man. He isn't always there, but you can catch him at lunch or in the evenings starting around 6. That's a nice deal considering most place don't start music till 8, that's our kids bedtime.
I highly recommend this place to anyone!!
Crawfish étouffée is fabulous!  Bluesey singer on Fridays topped off our evening.
I LOVE this place!  Great gumbo and delicious home made potato chips.  Lots of flavor and a perfect lunch spot.
My husband is from New Orleans and we go out of our way to eat at Baby Kay's (we live in Gilbert!).  It's as authentic as a restaurant in NOLA and one of the best restaurants in Phoenix overall- for good tasting food at a reasonable price.  I get the Baby Kay's combo with Chicken and Sausage Gumbo, Red Beans and Rice, and Green Olive Coleslaw (OMG So freaking good!).  We order extra links of Andouille sausage to add to our beans and rice.  The bread is excellent and soaks up the little spoonful of gumbo broth at the bottom of the bowl so nicely.  My hubby orders a Turbo Dog and raves about the overall flavor combo of the Turbo Dog and the gumbo, etc.  The poor reviews surprise me because I have never had anything but a great experience, service and food quality-wise.  I love on certain nights they have the live Jazz music (singer or sax player).  I highly recommend Baby Kay's to my clients in from out of town, family and friends visiting and especially locals. Locals =you will be glad you took my recommendation.
I love this place. The chicken, andouille sausage Jambalaya is great. So is the crab or crawfish etouffee. Between March and June they have crawfish boils. get a couple of pounds as an appetizer and go to town on them. Dont forget to suck those heads!
Hushpuppies and gumbo!
I like Baby Kay's for a number of reasons

1.Its locally owned
2.Good patio
3.Friendly Staff
4.Exceptional happy hour deals.
5.Great Food!

I've had just about everything on the menu at one point or another and there isn't too much that will disappoint. The Gumbos and Jambalaya are delicious. The po boys are... Well, they're po boys. By their very nature they are just plain 'ol bread and seafood. Avoid the Shrimp Remoulade unless you REALLY, REALLY looooove horseradish and mayo.  The green olive slaw is fantastic and so are the hush puppies. Try the Lulu's wings if you like a spicy/sweet wing. The food overall is fantastic, comforting, well seasoned and filling.

The staff is knowledgeable about the menu and willing to answer any questions you may have. They are always friendly and accommodating. Quick they are not. But the food is outstanding and everyone is always so nice, I don't care that my dining experience is usually a little slow.

My boyfriend and I come here maybe once a month. Its in a great location and reasonably priced. Love this place.
I've been coming here for years...the best.  One of my favs is the lulu wings.
Great place, great food, great staff.
I just had a chicken salad but my husband had the Jambalaya, he said it was the best he had ever had.Had the bread pouding for dessert..fantastic! We wil certainly return.
Looking for Cajun? Look no further. My favorites are the etufee and gumbo. I stopped in on a Friday night and had the pork chop special, it had to be the biggest and most tender chop I've had! For those of you looking for a classic dirty rice they took me back to a LA coonass swap party. The live guitar sole was a great addition for back ground music.
The best food in Phoenix. Any time I am the Valley I make sure to stop in. Really miss the place. Looking for something a little different? Give them a try you won't be disappointed.
Never really been a cajun fan but I have to say, this place totally changed my opinion on it!
Absolutely delicious :) My boyfriend and I went for my birthday and enjoyed every bite!
We ordered the Cajun combination entree and a seafood po'boy (half catfish, half shrimp).

If I had to choose a favorite, I'd choose the Crawfish étouffée - but I'd have it all again. 

We will definitely be going back. Staff was friendly and place had a nice ambience.
Baby Kay's is the Real Deal!!! Great food, Great staff,Best crawfish etouffee around !! Their shirmp cocktail and the cocktail sauce will really make your eyes water but it's OHHH so good !!!
This has become one of my favorite local spots. I got take-out here once a year or so ago, but wanting to use our Entertainment book coupons, we came twice recently. We dined in the last two times and really enjoyed our meals. The service is attentive and friendly and the atmosphere is very chill and low-key. Last night (Thursday), there was a blues performer alternating between his violin and guitar. 

I have been to New Orleans many times and having lived in the Florida panhandle, I love, love LOVE, anything with crawfish. Boy, do they do it right with their crawfish etouffee! Fair warning that their food can be spicy but that is typical with that food genre. I have had their seafood gumbo (chunky, spicy goodness), jambalaya, fried catfish, fried shrimp....everything is very good. I particularly love their hushpuppies with the spicy remoulade sauce. You can tell it has a lot of horseradish in it, which I love. 

They also have great mixed drinks (my favorite is the Creamsicle) and they have a good selection of Louisiana beers. I honestly think this restaurant is a great representation of Cajun style food and feel lucky to have it my hood!
The jambalaya and seafood gumbo were excellent, and the prices were very reasonable.
After having such a phenomenal 2011 Thanksgiving from Baby Kay's, we were anticipating another wonderful experience this year.  We were greatly disappointed.  Our order included 2 turkeys, gravy, cole slaw, dressing, cranberries and dirty rice.  The difference between this year and last year was so great that we couldn't believe this was the same restaurant. Let me explain. 

The turkeys were good. They tasted the same. The dressing was okay but not as filled with nuts and flavor as last year. We had to add a lot of butter, chicken stock and nuts to make it tasty or even close to last year's savory decadence.  The cranberries lived up to last year's order. They were delicious. The cole slaw was a mason jar ($20) of mayo filled with 1/4 cabbage and 10 green olives minced. It should have been more like a salad and less like a mayo spread.  The dirty rice - last year was sticky long rain rice with many pieces of delicious nuggets of crumbly meat. This year it was white rice, similar to Uncle Ben's, loose and with barely any meat. Last but not least, the gravy. It was so burnt that we called the restaurant and returned it. Imagine eating burnt popcorn with flour, butter and Lawry's gravy seasoning and you'll understand. The second batch was only 40% burnt rather than 75% like the first order.   
 
From the minute thanksgiving ended last year, our family was talking about the amazing meal. This continued to be the topic of conversation over the course of the year.  We were so excited to enjoy the flavorful, mouthwatering food again.   This year, with every bite, we became more and more disappointed.  We tried to understand why it was so different. The only explanation we could come up with is that the chef must have changed.  This meal was not worth $400.  If it was like last year, we could have been charged $800 and we would have been happy to pay for it.  Baby Kay's - I'm writing this email so that you will hopefully read this and go back to your former way of cooking.  Your food was so amazing that I want to give you the chance to go back to your old way of cooking. Please read this Baby Kay's.  I'm rooting for you!
I cannot recommend Baby Kay's. I've tried to like it but I am always disappointed by the food, despite others' aplomb. I'm from New Orleans and have dined at the Crescent City's fine Cajun and Creole restaurants, so I know what good Cajun and Creole food is. Unfortunately, Baby Kay's falls short of what good, classic Cajun and Creole food should be.

I feel sad writing this review because I do not want people to be turned away from Cajun and Creole food, but I feel very sad that, for many people, Baby Kay's will be their only taste of the bayou.
Catfish Po'boy and crawfish etoufee lunch combo were outstanding!  We can't wait to come back!
Excellent Food! The shrimp etouffee was delicious, the green olive coleslaw was tasty, the garlic bread was fresh and hot, the catfish was quite possibly the best I ever had and the homemade bread pudding with whiskey sauce and pecans... just stunning. We asked for extra lemon and bread and they were there in less than a minute. 

This restaurant is a delight and one of my new favorites. I've been to New Orleans a number of times and this cajun restaurant met my expectations.

Only complaint is $2.40 for a soda.
Fabulous food, great service, enjoyable live entertainment on a Wednesday night!!!! Great place for Cajun fare!!!
Delicious! the pork chop is to die for! definatly a hole in the wall, definatly worth it!
I love a good jambalaya, and this place really came through. The rice, chicken, and sausage were all delicious. Perfect amount of spiciness, and an amazing flavor.

The dinner came with a small salad, and some good garlic bread. I'll definitely be back to try some gumbo and one of their desserts, maybe the bread pudding which is supposed to be amazing.
Awesome Cajun cuisine!  I got the Cajun Combo, it had étouffée, jambalaya and gumbo. Came with really tasty garlic toast.  Everything was delicious with great flavor.  The night I was there they had a gentleman playing Cajun music on his guitar adding to the atmosphere.  I highly recommend.
I ordered the Cajun Combination and it was AWESOME. If your close by you have to check this place out, if your not close by you need to make the time to go here!
The only time I ever had "cajun" food before I went to Baby Kay's last week was when I was at Disneyland...and I was not impressed with Disneyland's version of "cajun" (Sorry, Walt! Love the rest of the place). I went with three friends from work last week, and it was just fabulous all-around. I'm not a big fan of a lot of spice, but Baby Kay's does a good job not completely overwhelming their food with so much spice you can't taste anything but. I had the catfish with court bouillon sauce. The fish was definitely fresh, breaded with something heavenly and light, and you get a filet and a half...of the biggest catfish I've ever seen. There's spice in the breading, but it's SO good...the sauce is nice, too! When you go, you really need a Hurricane...oh, my! And if you like ice cream, go for the bourbon chocolate sundae dessert. I didn't even need the ice cream...the sauce was so good I could have eaten it by itself! Definitely a must-go-to place!
I'm here for happy hour prices can not be beat the shrimp cocktail is out of this world the cocktail sauce will make you sit up and take notice! Service was very lack luster the waitress was more interested in talking with men at the bar then seeing if I needed more ice tea...
My co-worker took me here and I'll forever love her for it. 

Best. Gumbo. EVER.

And the garlic bread. And the shrimp cocktail. And the crawfish. 

I think I know what I'll be eating for lunch tomorrow. You should too!
my review is already biased from the start.  i've tried cajun cuisine about 3 times now and i'm not a huge fan.  i don't mind eating food with seasoning and some pepper.  but i don't like eating fire sauce in any of my food.  lol.

well, i ordered the lunch special which was some type of chowder with jambalaya on the side.  the jambalaya was way too hot for my taste buds.  i was on fire.   and the chowder was just okay.

the service was good but the food experience was just okay.  i really can't give the food a bad review because cajun is just not my cup of tea.
This is the go to place. When the group can't decide where to go for lunch this is the one place we can all agree on. Fun friendly service and really good food. Don't miss this if you are near the Biltmore. Make sure you try the green olive slaw!
Had lunch with my 6 year old on Friday, April 6.  I ordered the shrimp poboy and seafood gumbo.  Both were mediocre. Service was friendly but took a long time to get the food out and even longer to get the bill.  I had a local dines coupon so I thought I would try this place out.  My son ordered from the kids menu- chicken nugget with fries. The nugget were the dinosaur ones you buy at the store in the freezer bags and heat it up.  In my opinion, the quality of the kids menu/food should try to equal that of the adult.  If the kids menu is created to have one and serves frozen food then I could have fed my son at home.  Everything was mediocre.  I also ordered a togo 1/2 poboy and 1/2 gumbo combo for my husband.  He didn't think the food was that good either.  Even with the coupon,I spent out of pocket $25 on 2 adult lunch.  Pricey for mediocre food and service. Would not recommend this place.
Had the 1/2 po'boy and cup of gumbo. Delish! Slight bitterness in the gumbo, but mixed in a little of that mayo/horseraddish it made it great. Nice place for lunch, sat outside in the perfect March weather.
We love this place, the food is incredible but for me what's more important is that the staff treat you like family. When you walk in you feel welcomed and at home right away. The wait staff are super friendly and are always quick to offer any help or advice on the menu items.  The food is awesome especially the crayfish ettoufee!
i'm a former new orleanian, so i came in to this place a skeptic.

the red beans and rice were outstanding. i wouldn't give it a 100%, but a solid 90. I'd be happier if there were cornbread and if they had crystal hot sauce. also, better rice to bean to sausage ratio (currently needs more rice and sausage, slightly less bean).

i also had the boudin balls. they were good in and of themselves, but they were served with garlic bread (i don't think i was ever served garlic bread in a cajun restaurant during my years in nola) and some weird marmalade. i still have no idea what that marmalade was or why it was there, but again, the boudin itself was great.

the hush puppies were also really good. 

the portions were giant, and i'd definitely go back time and time again.
One of my all time favorite places to meet up with friends.  I have been coming to Baby Kay's for several years now.  The staff is always friendly and accommodating.  The inside of the restaurant has an area for families or those with larger groups, a bar area in the back and an outside sitting area.  

I don't like seafood, but their menu has a large enough variety of non-seafood items for me to choose from.  I have tried just about every non-seafood item they have to offer too.  My favorite entrees are the Pork Chop special with dirty rice and fettuccine with cream sauce and chicken.  And I must always get the Spinach and Artichoke appetizer as well.  

As mentioned before, this is a New Orleans Cajun style restaurant, so be prepared for a little bit of spiciness.
Stopped in today for a early dinner. The service was good. Unlike other places, if a server was walking by and saw that you needed something, they took care of you even if it wasn't their table. Top notch.

The food was mediocre. I've spent a lot of time in New Orleans and am very familiar with Creole cooking. I spent a week there in 2011 and had the opportunity to spend some time cooking with several of the local chefs. Baby Kay's red beans and rice is made with a common dark red kidney bean. While this bean has its uses, it is not the correct bean for red beans and rice. The correct bean is less common, smaller, lighter in color and makes a much creamier dish. It would be like tying to make RB&R with a pinto bean, It's just not the correct flavor or texture. The bean used in Creole country is Camellia brand. While even the Camellia brand calls itself a "red kidney bean" it is the correct bean and very different from a dark kidney bean. I know that's a lot about beans, but this is an important distinction. Baby Kay's RB&R were too thick and not the right texture. Also, the rice was overcooked and mushy. It seemed like they were trying to hide it under the beans. 

The seafood gumbo was just meh. It didn't have the richness you expect in a gumbo. It seems like they don't start their gumbo with a roux leading to a creole sauce. It was just a thin soup. Not the correct texture or flavor. Other than three shrimp which were properly cooked, but had no flavor, there were crayfish. Regarding the shrimp you really have to salt them heavily. These shrimp lacked seasoning. The crayfish were previously frozen and had a mushy texture. All in all not great. If a Cajun place can't get RB&R and gumbo right, there is no reason to try any of their other dishes.

One last thing, if you want to taste proper RB&R, as strange as it sounds, head to Popeye's chicken. They are hands down the best RB&R in the city and win "best of" awards every year in New Orleans.
I guess its about time I reviewed Baby Kay's. Long overdue really.

I come here quite often since I work across the street (so close we walk most of the time) and am lucky enough to be treated to lunch as a nice perk to my job.

I've never had even a mediocre meal here. Its excellent every time, and spot on with the proper Cajun flavors.

Dirty rice - excellent
Jambalaya - excellent
Gumbo - excellent
Crawfish etouffee - OUTSTANDING

My typical meal here is to get the Cajun Combo, which has a healthy "cup" of the bottom three on my list above. 

Even the potato salad and cole slaw are truly friggin fantastic.

If you like Cajun food you must go here. If you haven't had it, get your butt to Baby Kay's and give it a try!

Oh! and they have this hot sauce called "Louisiana Gold". Really great and goes awesome with their dishes. I put it (a lot!) on everything but the Divine etouffee.
Hands down best Cajun food in the Valley. Very authentic, having traveled to New Orleans many times. One thing you have to remember, this is not the gritty Cajun food you may be used to, it is of the more refined higher-quality variety. The food here was created by a native chef from New Orleans and resembles more the high-end style of cooking rather than ordinary street food. If you are not familiar with the higher quality Cajun food, you may be disappointed that it is not what you are used to. For those who can appreciate haute cuisine, this is a must. I highly recommend their Crawfish Étouffée, without peer or equal anywhere in town! A good Étouffée is the true measure of a Cajun restaurant. Also the seafood Gumbo is truly magnificent, light with clarity rather than heavy and thick, it has many layers of flavor. One of the best Gumbos I have ever had. Their signature Cole Slaw is light and refreshing rather than heavy, it includes green olives which give it a unique and distinctive Cajun flare! Overall, great service, highly recommended!
I won't go on and on about Baby Kays, but instead, direct you to consider other reviews.  Remember that everyone's tastes are different and many will compare to food they ate elsewhere, especially NOLA.  The truth is, even in Louisiana, you'll find an étouffée that is outstanding, and half a block away...an étouffée that doesn't compare.  With that said, Baby Kay's is the best Cajun food in Phoenix.  Period.  Many thanks to Kay (Mrs. R.) for sharing her recipes and delighting my taste buds.
Service was top notch, the wait staff was helpful. Love the atmosphere and location, great place to arrive early and walk around or just relax on the outdoor area before your meal. There is a cigar shop a few doors down great place to grab a cigar before or after your meal but thats a whole other review. The food is authentic you'd feel like you were on the gulf coast or perhaps even in New Orleans. I had ordered the Crawfish Etoufee creamy and served on rice in case you're not familiar with the entree.  Very well done and had the right amount of spice and flavoring wasn't too spicy  or hot (heat). You definitely cannot go wrong with this place if you're taking out of town guest there or business clients.
The étouffée was really good as was the gumbo. Their wings weren't bad either. Only the Jambalaya was off. Too much black pepper. Not much in the way of ambience and its tucked away in a larger shopping center next to Trader Joes. I would come back again and have more étouffée...it is my favorite Cajun dish...
Came to this restaurant after finding it by mistake.  What a quaint little place...more quiet actually in the  bar area...at least on a Tuesday.  Food was good, prices not so bad.  We had an appetizer sampler, the reason it's CAJUN...hot and spicy most of it.  I LOVED the crabcake so much i ordered the "Seafood burger".  It was FABULOUS.  My husband had the beef Po'Boy, not bad he says.  The Live music was a nice touch, not too loud, and better than the same ol same ol you get at other restaurants.  My only complaint...not complaint really just strange..was going into the kitchen to use the restroom.
Seafood etouffee, gumbo, jambalaya and the Baby Kay's Seafood Appetizer plate ...  YUM!!!  We got a great bottle of wine on special for $18.  The waiter, Nick, was fantastic and I wish I lived closer so I could come more often.  

They are moving to a new location and will be closed after Aug 31 until Nov sometime.
UPDATE!! - Baby Kays is closing at their current location effective 8/31/13. Their A-HOLE landlord of 20 years did not even give them a chance to renew their lease. Instead the landlord just signed with a different restaurant and gave my beloved 60 days notice to vacate!

Anyway, the new location will open at the old Richardson's location on 16th Street and Bethany sometime in November. You can follow their facebook page for updates or stop in and they will take down your email address and email you updates.

Enjoy. You betta go get some etouffee while you can!!!

Had it yet again today. As good as ever. YUM.
I've been to Baby Kay's three times. The first time was probably about eight years ago, and I honestly can't remember what I ate or any details so it can essentially be ignored. The most recent visits were about a month apart and the last was today. The food is okay, but extremely overpriced and underflavored. The red beans and "rice" dish, w/andouille for an extra $1, is essentially a plate of beans with about two tablespoons' worth of white rice, plus about an ounce of their green olive coleslaw. Ok, it -was- reasonably spicy but should have been no more than about six bucks because what it really equated to was an appetizer as far as I'm concerned, and the amount of beans grossly outweighed the amount of rice. Their special today was 8 fried shrimp with dirty rice crawfish etouffee and one side. I got the coleslaw again. The amount of food, for $14, was pitiful - a half serving, essentially. And this time the flavor was just totally lacking. The full crawfish etouffee dish price is $19 which is murderously expensive and as I discovered today it just doesn't have much flavour. The dirty rice had what appeared to be minced beef in it and was light on the pepper. Even the garlic bread wasn't any better than I could have made myself with a cheap baguette from Fry's, butter and some chopped fresh garlic. I know everyone's been fapping on about authentic flavour here, but if that's what this is then I much prefer Pappadeaux. Save your money - there's no value to be had in this restaurant.

Edit 20130902: Tonight my wife made a simple meal of a packet of store-bought Tony Chachere jambalaya with some chopped up polska kielbasa sausage in it. It was delicious. Taste buds still working - check.
Being that I am a New Orleans native, this is by far the most authentic Cajun food i have found in the valley. The wait staff is always friendly and even remember me most of the time. They serve a lot of New Orleans drinks including Abita beer. The seafood gumbo is awesome! For lunch you can get a half poboy and a cup of soup which is the perfect lunch portion. I tell anyone that asks me about finding good Cajun food to go to Baby Kay's. Can't wait until their new location opens.
What? I never reviewed Baby Kay's? unbelievable!
Well, there is not much I can say because every time we go there we end up ordering the same thing! haha...

And that is the Cajun combination: Chicken Gumbo, Crawfish Etouffee, Chicken, and Sausage Jambalaya, cup of each. It comes with a side, I always get the cole slaw (which I love, it has green olives) and hubby always gets the potato salad, which he also loves.

I just checked their site and it says they are hoping to reopen on 2/2014 on the new location. Counting the days!
I have been there twice and enjoyed the food both times. First time there I had the Shrimp Boil. VERY Cajun (spicy) but very good. Second visit I had the Crawfish Boil which was excellent. The other person in my party had the Crawfish Etoufee which he said was very good. The service is a little slow but all the wait staff is very friendly.
I really like this place.  Both indoor and outdoor seating, the food is pretty good.  You can get items pretty topical to New Orleans/Cajun style, and haven't had a thing there I haven't enjoyed.  The prices are not expensive.  Nice place for a casual time.  The one problem is that sometimes the service can be slow...
I used to love this place and was sad it closed.  I spent many hours at the bar, watching tv, chatting with the crew, and munching some wonderful cajun eats.  It was a gas around the turn of the millenium and, as I said earlier, I was sad to hear of it's decline followed by it's ultimate failure.
I was excited to find a Popeyes here is AZ. The ones I used to go to in Louisiana were good. They had etouffee and mardi gras cheesecake that were great. This one is awful. The chicken was old and not fresh. The red beans and rice were runny. It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.
One of the few joys in life is southern fried chicken! 

In greater Phoenix, you need to work hard to find a Popeye's, and to some extent a Churches.  So we were happy to see the Cajun folks from NOLA haven't given up on us just yet.

This Popeyes is part of a Circle K gas station and is a few blocks from the 101.  It's not necessarily easy on/easy off, but close.  The gas station and fast food folks tend to go back forth and because of the neighborhood it can get a little sketchy at night, so use the drive thru.

For those who have dined only at the Colonel's, this might be a shock to the system!  Popeyes serves both Cajun spicy and regular fried chicken, but I've found their Sides to be outstanding.  

You have red beans and rice, Cajun mash potatoes (ask for extra gravy), and if you can find it, the best onion rings in fast food-land.  

Sadly, I must report that Popeyes no longer has Cajun Sparkle (packets of Cajun spices) with MSG.  If you thought a double latte got your heart started, then Cajun Sparkle with MSG was a lot more fun!  LOL!

Enjoy!
This place shares with a Circle K.
Hate to say it, but get your 44oz. drink in Circle K for 86 cents to go with your chicken.

But I'm here just to deliver my Inside Skinny:
Tuesday deal for a leg n thigh is no longer 99 cents, it's $1.29.
If you've had issues with freshness, go on a Tuesday, everyone knows about this deal and they're making lots of chicken all the time. LOAD UP!!! I get 5 orders and make it last a few days.

MY PIG-OUT STUNT:
Take the layer of skin from the top of a thigh and place on a plate crunchy side down, then peel off a chunk of chicken from the piece and place it on top of the skin. Apply a really generous amount of Frank's Red Hot or Trappey's Red Devil cayenne sauce. Fold skin like a taco and shove the whole thing in your mouth!!!!

No one can top this deal.
Church's tried but they just couldn't hang.
Sometimes the Popeye's thighs are a little small, but still what a deal!
Attire: Formal (Jacket Required)
HAHAHAHA!!! I just had to.
Service is iffy at times but food is always great!
Unlike KFC, here they know how to make fried chicken right, and cheap too, particularly on Tuesdays when they practically give it away.
My favorite stop for fast food fried chicken! The spicy chicken is the greatest, and so are the biscuits.. The mac and cheese also wins, but the portion sizes of the sides served with the family meals could be WAY BIGGER. C'mon  Popeye! Don't skimp on the cajun rice and beans, yo!
We showed up and ordered a total of 54 pieces of chicken and all the sides.  Service was very quick and friendly.  All food was perfect.  Great Popeyes location.  Wish there were more Popeyes in the valley.
They food is AMAZING but the service is horrible and the place is so dirty. There were bugs crawling everywhere made us loose out appetite. I love me some Popeyes chicken but not when the place is this dirty. I've worked at a Popeyes before so I know how exhausting it can get but c'mon!!
I love fried chicken. I probably only visit Popeye's once a year, but every time I do, I order the biggest bucket and smell like fried chicken for the rest of the week. 

My brother-in-law is coming to visit us from Spain and he specifically requests Popeye's. So consider ourselves lucky, for having a fried chicken heaven on earth.
This is an example of a good fast food fried chicken place. The chicken has two flavors, "spicy or mild", that both are better than KFC's original, crispy or grilled. Their fries are better then the wedges, the mashed potatoes and gravy sucks though. I do agree with another reviewer about grabbing your drink for 86 cents at circle K to save money.

Service is ok, but the wait is long. When it comes right down to it, Popeye's chicken is by far it's strongest asset and the reason I chose to come here.
Poor management ( young rude lead/manager lady. Line people/cashier's are very nice and the chicken's really good too; but,  since the bathrooms and dining room is just nasty, I'm buying my food elsewhere! Just nasty and management is unfortunately very poor.
My friend and I had a craving for fried chicken on a Saturday night. The closest Popeye's to me from Gilbert happened to be this one. I knew it would it be adventure going into Mesa on a Saturday night. I drove right by it looking for a restaurant, little did I know it was located in a gas station. Wow! Classy! But I wasn't going to Popeye's for fine dining but some fried chicken. I order my food from the clerk who was not happy to serve me, never asked how I was doing or thanked me for my order. Like previous reviews stated the restaurant is very messy. There was not a clean table in the restaurant. I wish I had remembered my hand sanitizer. After wiping down a table with some napkins. I ate my chicken, even though I ordered spicy they gave me mild. I knew it wasn't worth bringing it to their attention. The staff struck me as the type that would drop my food on the floor and serve it to me. The chicken was decent but I felt dirty after sitting there for 20 minutes. I will go to Popeye's again just not this one.
Friendly staff, excellent spicy chicken, used an entertainment coupon for bogo free meal.  Restaurant could use a deep cleaning as its quite aged. But love their spicy chicken tenders with extra Louisiana hot sauce.
I love their food. But I won't go inside due to the poor cleanliness and bugs. So I opt for the drive thru and usually that works. But tonight was terrible. We pulled up and asked for a minute and then were asked a few seconds later if we were ready. Then a lady came onto the speaker and was so rude. So we decided real quick and she kept interrupting and getting the order wrong. When we finally got the order correct  we paid and they told us it would be 4 minutes. That was fine at least the food was ping to be fresh. They brought us our order and forgot our extra biscuits. When we went to go ask for them the same rude women handed them to us in a napkin. Although I love the food. I will not be returning to this location.
I love me done chicken! After watching undercover boss I had a hankering to get some yummy grub. Sad to say tho this place is not the cleanest I would have hoped for. The bathroom smelled horrible. The food was good, but not overly exiting. Will return but hope it is a little cleaner in the future
Ruined me and my girlfriend 4th of July got our food got home ate about 20 minutes later diarrhea and I know it was the Popeyes because it was very spicy and I got the spicy chicken tenders I am definitely making up for it today.
Friendly service and the chicken just came out of the fryer. 

On the other hand, if I was manager, everyone (and including me) would have to take a section of the tiny place and get "Scrubbin". 

Next time, I will peek and see if its clean before I order again.

.
Popeye's has always been one of my favorite chicken places in general. The lieutenant colonel and the one with the church name are somewhat on the bland side and are not my first choices for tasty chicken. 

This location has a few things to complain about. The neighborhood is not the best and it shares the same building with the Circle jerk guys next door. Usually find myself trying to get in and out rather quickly. The customers are always pretty loud and obnoxious and the place is not very clean. You might even be asked for money in the parking lot.

Service is basically poor and trying to communicate is difficult and a bit tricky. Normally have to repeat myself a few times to get the order correct. On my last visit experienced a triple sneeze by the cook right on my meal. Gesundheit!

Usually order the Spicy Chicken with a side of Beans and Rice. Can't resist getting several jalapenos to give the meal some additional kick. Sometimes I'll even go crazy and order one of the specials. Tried the Catfish on my last visit and was surprised how small it looked. Maybe they should just call it kitten fish?

Definitely recommend going to one of their full service restaurants that do not commingle with one of those fast trip places. Once had the occasion to eat in a really industrial part of Baton Rouge and enjoyed the meal so much more than this place. WHAT THE CLUCK?

2.25 STARS
Caribbean-themed restaurant with a laid-back atmosphere. We all -- Mom, Dad, big kids, little kids -- all really like this food!

Some suggestions: Coconut Shrimp, Jerk Chicken Pasta, Grilled Steak Kabobs, Ribs with Guava BBQ sauce, Calypso Shrimp Linguine, Jerk salmon w/ mashed sweet potatoes 'n plantains... Mmmm...

Save room for the homemade Key Lime Pie or Pinacolada bread pudding!
The coconut shrimp is tasty.  The tuna salad is really good.  However, most of the menu can be acquired at Red Lobster for about the same price and even better quality.  There is virtually nothing on the menu for a vegetarian.  I would not recommend this place to someone craving seafood, as the quality and freshness are questionable.  Go to Red Lobster instead!
TOO BAD IT'S CLOSED!  Best Lemonade Around!  I weep for their fresh squeezed lemonade made with sugar cane syrup with sugar cane sticks to chew on.  (And they would bring you a 'side shaker' full of extra - like when you get a really good milkshake at a soda fountain!)  I used to love the Cuban sandwich, even though it made you feel like you needed a nap afterwards!  Why they got rid of this chain when there is such CRAP around here that should close down is beyond me...
Lacking in seating (as in there's none really), this take out place has some tasty creole.  Try the reds beans & rice with a double order of sausage.  

More things should come with a double order of sausage.
My favorite place for fast food in Madison - I have both locations in my cell phone for quicker pickup.  If it's Thursday try the Shrimp in Cream Sauce or Crawfish in Cream Sauce special....any other day, the Red Beans'n'Rice with Double Sausage will never treat you wrong!
I looooove me some NOTO. You wouldn't expect such an amazing New Orleans-style place in Madison, but here it is. Red beans and rice == love.
I just discovered I'm allergic to shellfish.  Since anaphylactic shock scares the crap out of me many of the items on the menu are out of the question.  Still, this place makes a mean po' boy and I like to go often.
I just tried this place today (Fat Tuesday!) for lunch with my friend. I had Mardi Gras Combo which came with Jambalaya, red beans, rice, and shrimp dish (I forgot the name). Nice amount of spice, and I was satisfied with the "half portion which was only $4.95. I don't think the portion would be enough for a guy though.

Keep in mind that this is a "take-out" place, so there's no chairs or tables, but I didn't mind standing at the counter for a quick lunch )
Now, I've never been to New Orleans to try the types of cooking they have there. So I can't vouch for how good New Orleans Take-Out compares to the restaurants it seeks to emulate. What I can say is that their food here is absolutely excellent. I've had their jambalaya and their gumbo; both were top notch. I regret not going here as often; if I had lived in the neighborhood when I lived in Madison, this place would have been a staple.
SO good. Everything is amazing from the po boys to the jambalaya.  I can't even make a recommendation just get what you like cause its all so damn good.
The Madison skies were gray today and a rare summer chill was in the air. I needed something to spice up my afternoon and New Orleans Take-Out  did the trick! I was able to score "rock star" parking across the street and made a bee-line to the cozy yellow sign and screen door (watch out--it slams if you're not careful).

For my first NOTO experience, I had the Gulf Shrimp Dinner half portion with dirty rice and cornbread on the side. Ooooweeee! That is some SPICY and delicious rice! If that's dirty, I don't want to be clean. The shrimp (about ten of 'em in a small order) were freshly dredged in their own homemade batter and fried perfectly. And the cornbread? Like a little pillow of honey and corn and butter in heaven.

I don't know why I didn't order a Po Boy sandwich. After reading the menu while eating (which is weird, I know, like watching "Food Network" while you're eating the dinner you just slaved over), I was already planning my return visit. The staff was really friendly and the music was dope. Gray skies? I can see clearly now, the rain is gone!
My boyfriend who hasn't lived here long was in the mood for some shrimp, and had heard about NOTO from a co-worker.  I tried to warn him that everyone talks about how great it is, but how short it falls from even being good, and how it tastes like hot sauce on white rice.

So, he went and bought some rice and shrimp slop for our dinner one night.

And, now he agrees with me.
I had the etouffee with cornbread and a shrip po' boy sandwich. Both were indredibly delicious and the etouffee was actually really hot like they said it would be. Very good, very cheap. Also if you go to the one by the airport you can sit down.
I'm a total foodie and Chicago is great for me except we don't have NOTO. The best of the best for Creole/Cajun. Lived down south, been to N'awlins many times when I was a kid in the 70's. NOTO is the best hands down. Wish some adventuresome entrepreneur would migrate NOTO down to Chicago. It would be a huge success I am sure. We don't have anything that is even close to as good so we have to make our own or take a trip up to Madison! :)
Ever since my husband (native to Madison) took me here, I always make several trips out from Chicago every year... otherwise my cravings for the Shrimp Creole, Red Beans and Rice with double sausage, Gumbo, Chicken Po' Boy, Jambalaya, and really anything else Roussos has got goin' on that day....will cause me to go into NOTO withdrawal. Oh! And who can forget the Panola hot sauce he uses! There is so much soul in this food and super flavor, but really it's Roussos' own personal touch that makes it so unique. The food is truly special. So get yo' self out to NOTO but make sure to bring your appetite!
I had the pleasure of living a block away from NOTO while in college and I fell in love with the place. Before trying their food I had never eaten Cajun cuisine so all you foodies out there might not want to put stock into my 5 Star Rating. But for me this place is great. 
My favorites: I love the red beans and rice with sausage, dirty rice, shrimp dinner, corn bread, and french bread!  

My only wish is that they would deliver now that I don't live next door.
Oyster Po' Boy is simple and subtle yet delicious.  Their potato salad lives up to their hype as well.  On the other hand, I've been disappointed in some of their other sandwiches (notably the shrimp po' boy).  

The bread is really good in its own way but I agree sometimes there's too much of it.  

Overall I'd be sad if they weren't around to give me my fried oyster fix every once in a while.
There are fewer places than New Orleans Take-Out in Madison that I could care less to eat at ever again.

The food is mediocre, I've been here twice and neither things I've had were all that amazing. I had a Shrimp Po' Boy--the shrimp was undercooked and the flavoring was dull. And I've also had the Barbequed Beef Po' Boy--also very mediocre; the meat was dry and the bread was slightly stale. And maybe that's my fault--maybe the Po' Boys overall are just lacking and anything else could be good.

The service is equally as lacking; every time I've been here I've had the misfortune of having the unhappiest looking staff and how upset they get if you ask about ingredients (I have a food allergy to onions so I always have to check just in case).

Regardless, two awful experiences with this place are enough to keep me away. Maybe it's good, but I won't bother wasting my money to try and find out.
I've only gotten food from here once, and it was good. Decent option for New Orleans food right here in Madison. Prices are okay.

I didn't like the gumbo much - it was too earthy for my taste.

I think there's a picnic table there if you need a place to sit outside. Indoor seating is limited, but there are 5-10 spots with a bar stool.
All the po boys are delicious, as are much of the sides. The red beans and rice is so-so, but the jambalaya is very tasty as well. Always stop by here for a bite if I'm in the area.
I was super excited to try New Orleans Take Out, sadly it was a "Meh" experience. We ordered red beans and rice with sausage, jumbalaya and crab cakes, and a bag of chips. Each order came with either cornbread or french bread. 

The best was the red beans and rice with sausage. Thats the only thing I'd order again and it really was good. There wasnt much sausage at all for what you paid for.

The crab cakes were ok. About the size of a silver dollar and served over rice. The sauce that went with them was bland.

THe worst item was the jumbalaya. It was dry, the chicken was tough and there was absolutely no taste. The french bread looks so boring I didnt even bother to taste it. My sister said it was like something from the grocery store which surprised me b/c I had read some review about how the french bread was great. Very disappointing.

They also forgot our chips.

I actually ended up calling them to let them know that the food, minus the red beans and rice, was subpar. The woman who I spoke with said to mention it next time and they'd give me something free. It was a nice offer, but I dont think I will return...Im better off buying the ingredients and making it at home! So disappointing...
was in town last weekend on business and drove by and the thought of some nola food caught my fancy.  i ordered the combo etoufee and jambalaya that came with red beans and rice. honestly it was okay - the etoufee was good but the jambalaya was tasteless as well as the red beans and rice needed a little more kick.

i also tried the dirty rice and it was awful! it must have been cooked in a cayenne pepper jacuzzi b/c that all i tasted and drank three glasses of water!  

the staff was really nice though so even though i didn't like most of the food i would come back again and this time try one of their po boy sandwich.
Always the best!
So delicious-- the fried chicken is awesome. So is the cornbread. Dirty rice is really spicy so I go 50/50 spicy/regular but honestly, this place rocks. I wish they delivered! But seriously, worth the walk. It's intended to be take out but there's a bar to eat at.
One of my favorite places for food in the city. Have been to New Orleans and this is as good as anything I had don there. I am a big fan of the Jumbalaya with sausage. The rice and beans, Po boys are great. The naysayers don't know the cuisine. Get your beads and go.
The only downside is the limited eating area (hence the name "take-out").  Parking is not so great either.  But the food is excellent!  I got yhr small Madri Gra plate for lunch which included red beans,shrimp and jambalaya.  Everything was spiced nicely and steaming fresh.  A real treat for the taste buds.
Bland New Orleans/Cajun food is an oxymoron, but at New Orleans take-out it's a reality.  Flavors here (with the exception of the sausage in the Red Beans and Rice) could be best described as vapid.
NOTO! 
I was looking at the other cajun restaurants listed in Best of Madison for 2012 and this is the only one I've tried so far. But I have gone here many times and they are very consistent. Everything that I have eaten here was delicious. No let downs. Deb's bbq and whatever fish special they have are my favs; but also good are the etouffees (usually too spicy for me) and the crab cakes. 

Their dirty rice (spicy) is usually a bit too much for me so I always ask for half dirty rice half white. 

They are mostly a take-out place but they do have a bar area to eat in. I tend to like eating at whatever place I by my food from (I dislike take out boxes and my food cooling down) so it does well by me...I guess don't plan this as a first date type of place.
"EAT MO BETTAH!' 

I sure did!

Walk into this small building, order your food from a super chill lay back guy and minutes later you feel like you in New Orleans. The commercial for Zatarain's was playing in my mind the whole time I was eating. But so much better then the box stuff.

Would recommend the Mardi Gras Combo (red bean&rive, jambalaya & shrimp creole) because most of the time I can't make up my mind. Now the Shrimp Étouffée is said to be very, very hot. So I got a half order to play it safe. For me I've had spicier food elsewhere. Don't get me wrong it's hot put not with 2 verys. I was kinda let down by this cause I LOVE spicy food. Hotter the better.
Mmmm mmmm good!  The catfish was our favorite, but everything was soooo good.  Get the cornbread!
Their seafood gumbo was great!  Granted the portions were a little small...I got the cup which contained 2 (or 3 I can't remember) shrimp and 1 oyster, but they were delicious!  Very tender, not overcooked and hard like most places that do seafood and the price was great too, I think it was something like 4.95.  I'm only detracting a star because their "french bread" wasn't really french bread, it was dry and crumbly and not very good.

Staff was super friendly in making the recommendation.
The portions are much smaller than I expected, but that's not to say that the food wasn't extremely filling. It was. I ordered a half-size jambalaya and a side of the potato salad (because the menu said I had to try it...), and had a lot of leftovers.

I loved the jambalaya! Great flavor and perfect ratio of rice to ham to chicken to tomato. It has just enough kick to make it interesting. (; The potato salad isn't anything special, but it tasted wholesome and homemade. 

The service is friendly and super speedy, but if you are really looking to get in and out, I'd suggest you call in your order in advance. That's probably what I'll do next time! See ya soon, NOTO!

Tip: Cash only, so leave your plastic at home!
This is my favorite Creole place in Madison. Their seafood gumbo and crawfish etoufee are delicious! The cornbread just melts in your mouth. The portions are smaller and it's a little expensive for carryout but the quality of the food makes up for it. Their jambalaya is decent but it is not my favorite.

I highly recommend the sweet potato fries! They serve a very traditional bread pudding that was just not to my liking. Overall though, for Cajun food, you can't go wrong with these guys.
I love this place.  Great shrimp po' boy sandwiches.  It's about the only I've ever gotten just because they are so good I find it hard to get anything else.  It's about $10 for a sandwich and fries but it's excellent quality.  People seem to forget that good food costs a little more.  Sure, I could spend $6 at Mcdonalds but that's crap, so $10 for lunch that fills you up and is real food is well worth it.
Oyster po boy was great with creole sauce. Bf had étouffée w shrimp which was also very good.
I have loved New Orleans Takeout for over twenty years! Ever since a good college friend of mine (Mark) introduced it to me, I was hooked. I used to go to the Fordem Avenue location just about every week when I was living and working downtown. It was always good, cheap food that was ready in minutes. And the Fordem Avenue location was easy to get to and park at.

Now, here I am twenty plus years later and I recently re-discovered the Monroe Street location- yes, I had been there before, but now that my daughter is attending a weeknight soccer camp at UW and I have an hour to kill over the late side of the dinner hour, it is becoming a weekly dinner treat for me.

The last two weeks I have had the half-portion Mardi Gras combo. A good size plate, I cannot imagine what the full size would be. The half is fine for a meal. It comes with Red Beans and Rice (ohhh, so nice!), Shrimp Étouffée and Jambalaya and a  side of corn bread. The corn bread is the best I have ever had (and I will make my own corn bread from scratch from time to time). So moist and snapping with good corn flavor. Definitely not dry. The étouffée contains three or four nice size shrimp nestled in a warm, spicy sauce (but not too spicy- bottles of hot sauce for those who like it really spicy) with the requisite veggies. Jambalaya had good balance with ham/chicken and rice was perfectly cooked and seasoned. And the Red Beans and Rice was a real winner, helping to cool down the bite of the étouffée.

Next time I want to try the Oyster Po Boy and Blackened Catfish to see if they are as good as I remember. 

Service here is as friendly and laid back as the Big Easy (these guys and women have a genuine smile plastered on their face), but each time has been prompt. Not much room to sit (maybe 8-10 stools on Monroe Street), hence the "take-out" designation in the name. Not the most attractive place in the world, but very homey and warm, with great jazz and zydecajun music. And if you eat there there is god people watching out the big windows.

I gave it five stars but in reality 4.5 is more like it. But the great music makes me decide to round it up.
Nice place right across the street from Camp Randall stadium. On game day we tried a few different places this was one of many.

They offer traditional NO Creole/Cajun food at a good reasonable price. Since we ate at a few places we split some fried chicken wings and red beans/rice. The chicken was excellent nice breading that was fried just right with the right amount of seasoning and not much grease. The red beans/rice were delicious too, right amount of kick and spice.

If you're in town for the game or want a taste of down south they do a great job in bringing that New Orleans Jazz to Wisconsin. This place is a little smaller but service is pretty quick, so it shouldn't take you to long to get in and out.

""Laissez Les Bon Temps Roulez" my fellow Midwesterners!
I love this rare New Orleans find in Madison. Yes, most people order ahead and grab their food to go, BUT there are 10-15 bar seats available if you want to have your order fresh and hot. Which is what I usually do. 

The place is quick and reliable. Great if you need food on a weekend in a rush. Service is like a fast food joint, order at the cashier, and most of the times they bring out your food.

Alright alright, what to get? 
- Fried shrimp 
- Fried oysters
- Double sausage

Any of those with dirty rice (very peppery and spicy; so if you don't like spicy, get half and half or plain white rice) and corn bread. the corn bread is good enough to account for half a plate of rice.

- sweet potato pecan pie: sounds wierd, but strangely delicious!

The best part of this place? You can get half orders!! For small eaters like me, half orders mean two meals! delicious. 

Food is cheap, fast and good. In a town full of poor graduate students and undergrads, what more can you ask for?!
I literally walked and biked by this place everyday for 2 years before restaurant boredom brought me in here on a warm April Friday evening. I got the fish fry special on a whim, even though the woman at the front recommended a 3-piece sampler of some sort.

It was amazing. 2 long and lean pieces of fried fish. No fishy off flavor - fresh and delicious. It was topped with some sort of butter pecan glaze including fresh pecans. To top it off I also got a cup of New England clam chowder which was also totally legit.

Having lived in the deep south for 10 years, I was very surprised to find this sort of quality in a place I'd passed over so many times. You truly can't judge a book by its cover. I'll be back here very soon, now I want to try to po boy!.
This place is heaven on earth for non sit-down restaurants. I'd go here everyday if it were up to me and if I had enough money. Yeah, thats my only problem with this place; I usually get so carried away with ordering food that before I know it I've burned $10-$18 on my lonesome self for a filling meal at NOTO, especially with the recent price increases. But whatever, it's worth it. For the food quality you get, the prices are reasonable.

You really can't go wrong with the menu; the worst you'll get is adequate. I've had so much stuff here so I'll just give a comprehensive review of what I liked/what wasn't incredible.

---Stuff I thoroughly recommend:

Fried Chicken Wings: DON'T overlook these; some of the best wings I've had

Red Beans and Rice with Double Sausage: The double sausage is an absolute MUST-it will turn the dish from good to great. Don't forget hot sauce.

Shrimp Po' Boy: There's a reason these things are so popular; because they're freaking tasty. Get one and thank me later.

Oyster Po' Boy: Perfect balance of flavorful batter and oyster goodness.

Fried Catfish: Catfish heaven (in Madison, at the very least). Po' Boy of this was surprisingly not nearly as impressive.

Seafood Combo w/Sweet Potato Fries: If you're feeling luxurious, get yourself a medley of savory cod, juicy oysters and fresh shrimp. Go for sweet potato fries; the normal ones are average at best.

Shrimp Étouffée: Spicy and probably quite fattening, but a definite flavor bomb in your mouth.

Hot Sauce: Sort of a joke, but seriously put hot sauce on anything that makes remote sense. Especially the fried foods.

---Stuff I wasn't AS impressed with:

Fried Chicken Breast Po' Boy: Just tasted like a slightly upgraded version of a generic fast-food sandwich. I got it for the relatively low price. But it was still somewhat tasty.

Catfish Po' Boy: Surprisingly I thought the Po' Boy overpowered the natural tastiness of the catfish. I might have to give this another try, though, because I do love catfish and po' boys.

BBQ Beef Po' Boy: Probably my least favorite entree on the menu... just tough cubed beef drenched in barbecue sauce on bread. Okay.

Jambalaya: Peppery and tasty to an extent, but not as flavorful as I would have hoped.

Red Rice and Beans (w/o Sausage): A bit overhyped without double sausage, although still good. Hot sauce is a must for these.

Shrimp Creole: Good and spicy but not incredible.

Mardi Gras Combo: (the above 3 in one dish) Actually the 3 together are a decent balance: if you're going to get one of them you might as well get this and get all 3.

---Everything else I've tried that doesn't fit into either of those two categories

Deb's BBQ Shrimp: Great potential, good flavors, but seems a bit one-sided in terms of just lemon and butter. I can't really explain it; wouldn't recommend it nor discourage it.

Fried Gulf Shrimp: Above average if you're a fan of fried shrimp (and decent portion) but then again it's... fried shrimp. I'm a bigger fan of the Po' Boy.

Dirty Rice: I'm still trying to figure out what I think of this in comparison with the other dishes. It just seems like rice with salt and cayenne plus trace amounts of other spices that somehow augment the taste a little bit.

That turned out a lot longer than it should have but honestly there isn't a single thing that I've had here that I was "disappointed" with (or for anything that was I disappointed with, it was because I had set the bar so high from previous trips here). Take your pick and I'm sure you'll enjoy what you get.
I love how this is situated at the interception of Monroe, Randall and Regent, super convenient whether you are going from campus or after a football match or grocery shopping at Trader Joe's. It is a small and cozy place, with a handful of seats, so most people order ahead and take it to go. I especially love the seats by the window, enjoying my food while seeing the world pass by. 

This place serves great New Orleans food, comparable to the ones I had at New Orleans itself when I was there for a conference. Love their oyster dishes (oyster dinner). Their classic New Orleans dishes such as creole, etouffee and dirty rice are extremely spicy, exactly as advertized on the menu, and this is coming from someone who has tried some pretty spicy food. So try it only if you have a very high tolerance for spicy stuff, or if you are feeling really adventurous that day, you have been warned ~~~

One thing I like to do is to have the half dirty rice with half white rice with my orders. That way you get the spiciness and flavors of dirty rice but it doesn't overdo the spices. They cater to small eaters as well -- order the half size. Or get the full order, then you don't have to worry about your next meal. 

To sum up, their caption says it all -- EAT MO BETTAH!!
I've had New Orleans Take-Out, as take-out, a few times now for lunch.

I was inspired to visit by a Madison.com article highlighting the "best" sandwiches in Madison, and the oyster po' boy here made the list.

I did not have the chance to try this sandwich however, I was steered away by their sampler meal, to Mardi Gras combo. This included their jambalaya, red beans and rice and shrimp creole.

The red beans and rice was simple, delicately seasoned and made well, as it should be.

The jambalaya was loaded with sausage, the holy trinity and the like and seasoned very nicely. It was lukewarm however, somewhat of a turnoff seeing as how I ate it a few minutes after receiving my order.

In stark contrast, the shrimp creole blew me away with it's heat, both temperature wise and spiciness!  I love spicy hot, and this is not your typical "American spicy", it had me sweating good! It was also absolutely delicious, the shrimp also had a bite to it. Many make the mistake of overcooking shrimp, not so here. This became my go-to dish on my return visits.

On a later visit I also tried the crawfish po' boy, which was quite tasty. I realize crawfish can be expensive especially this far from the coast, but for $10.95 I felt there could have been a bit more meat. The sandwich was somewhat bread heavy, perhaps this is the best they can do with the cost of the crustaceans, I don't know.

Also in true New Orleans style, all the meals I've had came with a piece of cornbread, a nice addition to the ensemble.

All in all a good experience in a cuisine that is tragically unrepresented in the Madison area, definitely have the shrimp creole if you can handle the heat!
Great food, but small portions for the high prices.  This place is definitely nothing to get excited about.
Not bad! I thought they were great until I went to the Bayou. Now I swear by that place. New Orleans Take-Out is much cheaper. I lived in the south for a few years and this place doesn't quite manage to get the taste right. I don't know what it is. It's still pretty good though, just doesn't satisfy my cravings. I LOVE their cornbread. Sometimes I just get orders of that.
Amazing Creole food- Incredibly attentive service. When serving there are just as many waiters as there are diners and in an elegant ballet, all plates are placed on the table in front of their respective orderee. Further, after just one meal- you become a regular.The finest Southern Hospitality in Southern Nevada. They have since taken their creme brule ( on a dinner plate as to maxiimize the crust) off the desert menu but I think if enough of us yelps demand it- she may return
An exquisite dining experience in the heart of the Strip at the Aladdin Hotel Desert Passage.  I started with the Commander's Salad, which was awesome, then moved into the Creole Seasoned Filet, awesome, and finally the bananas foster, uh...awesome.  My colleagues had the creme brulee, which looked truly amazing, and the bread pudding. Service was personal and impeccable.  I would never have gone to this lavish place had it not been a business trip "perk", but it was a memorable extravagance.
Great creole food and incredible soups. Lunch, dinner, whenever. This place is solid.
By far the most unique dining expirience I've had in the US!!!!!!!!   I wasn't sure what to make of the menu when my boyfriend made the reservations...turtle soup???  alligator???  .....but I was plesantly suprised at the food, incredible selection and first-rate service.  The decor is classy, and most people dressed fairly nicely.  A family or two, but by in large an all adult crowd. Our waiter was informative and fun without being overbearing.  He even brought us tasters of the turtle soup because we were both anxious, but hesitant, to try it.  I started with the gumbo- spicey, and rich!  Definatley try it but beware that it's very filling.  My date started with the alligator.  Tender and delicious- breaded, a bit like calamari.  Entrees  were beautifully presented and flavorful. I ordered the crab cakes- divine!!!!!!  Unlike other places, the crab cakes here are HUGE and ALL CRAB.  They are 96% crab and the rest a bit of veggie compot to hold them together. No breading/fying gets in the way of the fresh, delectable crab meat.  My only mistake was ordering the entree portion (2)... one was PLENTY.  Dessert -their specialty bread pudding souflee and chicory coffee- was outstanding!  To top off the expirience, you can take a candy praline on the way out.  Highly recommended!

Update:  Sad, but true, CP has temporarily closed it's doors because it is moving from the Aladdin/Planet Hollywood to another location on the strip. I have emailed however, and they assure me they will be open soon!!! I'm boycotting Vegas until they re-open.
TOTALLY recommend it!!! Fantastic ambience, Extra fun on a Sunday morning as they have a live jazz band playing for their brunch. Food is creole and AWSOME. Definitely have to try their "1-1-1". Three cappacino cups of their soups. UBER delicious!!!! Their shrimp and popcorn rice dish was absolutely lovely and their dessert was *heart* fantastical. MUST try!!!

That meal in itself was phenomenal... there was so much food that my hunnie and I pretty much were comatosed for the rest of the day.
A LV  branch of New Orleans famous Brennan Family owned restaurant of the same name.  IMPECCABLE service!

Order some drinks, Order the bread pudding souffle for later and check out the menu.

How many times do you get to have Turtle Soup? You might as well get the sampler and give all the soups a try. The fish was beyond good, it was melt in your mouth divine. The seafood jambalaya was packed full of fishies and crustaceans and not a single one of them was over cooked.

Best service, you didn't feel neglected, the waiter served en mass at once, and there were no stupid or ridiculous questions. 

The bread pudding souffle, is worth that wait. Rich and delicious yet very light, and excellent job!

My friend still falls into a Pavlovian state of ecstasy and drool when you mention this place.
A model for service in a restaurant.  I don't know if outstanding is strong enough a word to convey the level of service we experienced.  When the food comes out, a waiter for each person brings the food so the plate is presented in front of each person at exactly the same time.  Each waiter has an assistant that picks up the slack when the main waiter is busy so no table is ever neglected, making sure drinks are flowing and the courses are coming.  The beautiful thing about all of the service (including who I presume to be a manager walking through while a friend was in the restroom, taking the napkin that was on her chair, getting a new napkin and putting it on her lap the second she returned) was that it was not pretentious at all.  While this is a very nice, beautiful restaurant with excellent food (I'll get to that part), the service is friendly and comfortable.  

Things get a lot more comfortable with an old-fashioned cocktail, like a mint julep.  Or two.  Yum.

There was a lot of sampling at the table so I was able to try the turtle soup and the gumbo du jour (which happened to be made with alligator sausage).  Both were excellent soups, I relished every bite.  

The main course was rack of wild boar.  Oh yes, wild boar.  I've never had it before, but it was similar in color and texture to pork.  It was cooked beautifully and paired nicely with the bits of baked apple and red peppercorns that were so sweet in initial taste I didn't even recognize the pepper-taste and asked the waiter to ask the chef what the berries were.  Even the mashed potatoes were fantastic and not your average mash.  

Other items at the table were the lump crab cake (holy plentiful crab meat), a seafood barbeque, and some shrimp stuffed with ham and glazed with a sweet sauce that were outstanding.  

Dessert was the classic bread pudding with whiskey sauce and beignets with a coffee sauce on the side.  Both were very good.  The only unfortunate thing is that I won't be back for a while, and the reviews stop at 5-stars.  This is the first place I've reviewed that I feel needs more than 5 (yes, even more than darling AOC in Los Angeles).
If I have to choose one place to dine in Las Vegas, I think this is it.  And, there are a lot of great places to go in Vegas.

I love the soup 1-1-1 (turtle soup!), and the unique style of entrees.  I've never been to New Orleans myself, but I have to say I approve of their cuisine.  The wine list was just stunning.  I went with a friend who had won a ton that trip, and so we got a little 'wine happy' with some spendy bottles.  The service was truly excellent.

We felt a little underdressed, but they weren't snooty about it.  I would recommend dressing up a bit though.

Everybody was really happy with their selections of food, whether fish or beef.

If you can't make it for dinner, then go for brunch.  A serious indulgence is going for the beignets.  Mmmm...drool...

On my cell phone I have one phone number with a Las Vegas area code, and this Restaurant is it!!!!
After reading all the rave reviews on yelp (thanks to everyone), we had to go to Commander's this past weekend.

In a word...wow. 

Let's just put it this way. It's never a bad sign when both parties sitting adjacent to you enjoyed both lunch AND dinner here the previous day, especially considering all the outstanding restaurants close by. The elder couple in the room had been visiting the original New Orleans establishment faithfully for 29 years and seemed to love this Vegas location all the same. When you're around folks enjoying 25 cent (!) martinis, it seems everyone is bound to have a great time. 

The service at Commander's Palace is impeccable. The front and back of the house literally did not miss a step, timing the presentation of the dishes perfectly. Our waiter was excellent...attentive but unobtrusive and just a really friendly guy. 

And the food? We enjoyed the $18.80 prix fixe lunch menu (an absolute steal)-between the two of us we sampled the twice baked potato and smoked salmon salad, red pepper bisque, pecan crusted catfish, red beans and andouille sausage with popcorn rice, white chocolate cake, and the classic Bananas Foster. 

Starting off the meal we also ordered the Turtle Soup Au Sherry from the a la carte menu. Not that it needs to be repeated, but this was sublime. The splash of sherry delivered after the soup is poured compliments the dish perfectly. 

This is a can't-miss in my book. Next time I'm back in the desert I'll definitely try more from the a la carte menu too.
I ended up going to this place with a friend who is a food writer. We were not there incognito, so we ended up getting the royal treatment. The meal was fantastic, and we ordered the recommended wine pairing for each course. We also ordered our desserts up front and they were prepared while we enjoyed the savory portion of the meal.

Everything was fantastic. Although, fortunately, I cannot tell you what the bill came to, I'm pretty sure I'd splurge for the opportunity to visit again.
The food here was amazing. I was lured in by the offer of turtle soup and gumbo made with crocodile meat.  Where else would I be able to try something like this?!  And they did not disappoint.  SO full of flavor and the good ol' Southern spices.  Crocodile meat is unlike anything I've ever had! Not chewy like beef - almost crumbles in your mouth when you bite into it but not in a stale or gross kind of way.  

The sweet potato soup was sooo tasty. So smooth, rich, and full of flavor - the ultimate comfort food.  And the bananas foster and bread pudding souffle are MUST-HAVES for dessert.  The egg white topping of the souffle just MELTS in your mouth.

The ambiance was very nice, very reasonable prices for the quality and amount of food, and service was friendly (although they got some of our soups mixed up and forgot to bring out one of our drinks, despite the fact that there weren't many other people there b/c we got there in the middle of the afternoon).   25 cent martinis are a steal, although they run on the very strong side.

We ate so well there, we skipped dinner altogether that day b/c the portions were so generous and soo good.  Highly recommended!
Thanks to the reviews of other Yelpers, I spent a night in Vegas, and this place made it the BEST trip ever. Commander's Palace is everything you could imagine. Yes, it is on the pricey range--the really pricey range, but it is worth every penny of the splurge. Even if you come in wearing jeans, they still treat you like royalty. The waiters are not stuffy and arrogant despite the formal dining decor. And there are still a few ways to maximize your dollars. Most importantly, it was the best meal I have ever had in Vegas. 

When my sister and I went for dinner, we were both wearing black dresses. Immediately, the waiter took away the standard white lap napkins, and placed black ones on our laps--so we wouldn't get any white lint on our dresses. *WOAH* We were then asked if we had any shows we were trying to get to, and they said they would do their best to get us in and out to catch our show. *SWOON* There really is a server for each person, and they also synchronized the placing of the food in front of you. We had an awesome French server, David, who was very nice, informative, and funny. He cracked great jokes and made great food suggestions. Our other wine/beverage server was also REALLY HOT!

NOW...the important part. The food. Selecting off the menu was probably the hardest thing I did in Vegas--it all sounded good. My sister and I decided to share everything, and we selected the perfect amount of food to share between two lovely ladies. We started with the Gumbo Soup and the Turtle Soup, both were excellent. The Gumbo was perfection and the Turtle soup was really rich and sophisticated tasting. I thought it was gamey but then it wasn't--it was just super complex tasting. We then shared the Commander's Salad, which the kitchen split onto two plates for us even though we did not ask. The salad was perfect with the Pinot Grigio that I got--I forgot the name though. The we shared the crab cakes, which came out on two separate plates. Thank goodness we shared and had one each because-I've never seen cakes like these. Each cake was a two inch hockey puck of solid crab. No bread, no filling, no frying. It was ALL crab. They also topped it with some greenery on top which was quite a nice addition to the cakes. And quite unexpectedly, the crab pinchers which was suppose to be garnish still had meat in them. *YUM!* Finally, we had the Bread Puddng Souffle for dessert. It was so good--so good I still have dreams about it. It came out of the oven beautifully golden and fluffy, and I started drooling. Then the waiter pierced the fluffy baked meringue top and the entire thing slowly collapsed onto itself. He then drizzled a whiskey cream sauce onto the dessert. It was good so good. I think I would have liked to have a coffee with it, but we just didn't have time. The whole meal was perfect. It also included fabulous house bread + garlic butter which was great--we ate about 1.45 loaves (wooohoo bread refills). Because my sister and I stayed at the Aladdin (soon to be Planet Hollywood Hotels), we also had a free glass of wine each; I had a white and she had a red. The total was $87.00 (including tax but not tip). I will DEFINITELY go back. It was so worth it. If you're going big in Vegas--you might as well go big here where you can't lose. 

My tips: If you stay at the Aladdin Hotel, the meal at the Commander's Palace comes with a free glass of wine each. Aladdin may also have promotions, like when we went, that gave hotel stayers a coupon that offers $25.00 off at any Desert Passage store or restaurant (Commander's Palace included). Desert Passage is the shopping area inside Aladdin where the Commander's Palace is located; it is a nice pace without too many crowds. Also, if you go to the Desert Passage customer service desk, you can get a book of coupons for the shops which includes one for the Commander's Palace. The coupon is for one free Bananas Foster dessert with the purchase of two entrees at the Commanders Palace. I hear this dessert is almost as sought after as the Bread Pudding. Don't forget to make reservations ahead of time! Try to eat earlier when the restaurant first opens to avoid  crowds. Either way though, you'll still get great service.
Commander's Palace in Las Vegas is offering several lunch deal which is worth checking out. There's the 25 cents martini, a 3 course pri-fix lunch for $18.80 and another 3 course pri-fix called creole lunch.

I ordered the creole lunch, which comes with turtle soup, pecan crusted cat fish and bread pudding souffle. 

The turtle soup is quite complex, and right before serving, a little sherry is drizzle on the soup to further heighten the taste.  Quite good, but not dazzling.

The catfish is nicely fried, topped with a bitter green salad. The fish is cooked perfectly with a almost crispy crust and fork tender flesh. However, being catfish, one cannot escape the muddy taste.

The breadpudding souffle is breadpudding in a cup topped with a airy souffle on top. The souffle part of the dish is very light and very good. I am not a big fan of bread pudding, and this is definitely a little too sweet and too heavy for me.

Overall food is good, but did not dazzle me enough to live up to Commander's Palace's reputation.

The 25cents martini is the best deal on the strip!

Service is very professional. We have 1 baby and 1 infant in the party and they are very accomodating. An extra star for that.
I've tried a lot of high end places in Vegas (two trips there recently), and most are disappointing.  There's something fake about a name chef place where the chef is absent.  It's that love thing again.  No love in the cooking means no love of the experience.  So what's good in Vegas.  Commander's Palace is what.   For lunch.  25 cent martinis at lunch.  As my BF says, one can't ignore a 25 cent martini.  Gumbo?  Terrific.  Other food?  Pretty good.  It gets the five stars because of the martinis and the gumbo, and the beignets with the chocolate cafe au lait sauce.   That, plus one prix fixe lunch special (with options straight out of New Orleans), pretty much equals the perfect lunch for two people.  Add in the jazz band, and, well, it's five stars.  Killer.
This place is off the hook! I wanted to try a little bit of everything so I had the Soups 1-1-1 which offered 3 different types of soups. Gumbo, Turtle and Soup du Jour The turtle soup and Gumbo was fabulous, I wasn't feeling much for this Soup Du Jour, it had vanilla flavor which I was more used to having in deserts, it wasn't bad though. Their Louisiana Pecan Crusted Fish was delicious. I hardly ever get fish done correctly, but this place did it to a perfection. I also tried the Braised Buffalo Short Ribs which isn't all that. I'll definitely be back!
to bad its closed, maybe it will re-open in the venetian, I dont think they will keep the 25 cent martinis, will keep u updated.
I have dined at Commander's Palace twice and had a great time both times. The food is great and the service is perfect- unparalled by any restaurant I have ever eaten at in LA or Vegas. 

The more recent time I dined at Commander's Palace I went with my whole family and we ordered a lunch special, only about $20 per person with soup, salad, and an entree. Drinks were complimentary. I had a pecan-crusted catfish dish, which I found was excellent and not overdone. I also had their Turtle soup and alligator sausage which both pleasantly surprised me. 

The atmosphere here is amazing. This is one of the most beautiful restaurants I have ever been to- it is classically decorated inside and very lavish. The service was amazing as well. The servers are all extremely knowledgable about every dish and will offer you a tour of the kitchen. They are very kind as well. All courses are all brought out simultaenously with a line of waiters surrounding your table and setting them down. 

This is the best dining experience I had in Vegas, and for the price I would highly recommend it to anyone.
CLOSED.  Commander's Palace is currently closed, trying to find a new location. Let's hope it reopens soon.
CLOSED?  Well that gets a 1 star. Maybe with enough low ratings it will move out of the #1 spot....
CLOSED.  My favorite fine dining restaurant of all time.... CLOSED.

Here is a quick review of my dining experiences here...in hopes that it will reopen!!!
1) Service: Unmatchable.  Best service ever.  Because I've dined there a few times, the waiter brought out a complementary appetizer for us once.  It was some kind of goat cheese on bread.  I don't really prefer goat cheese but....OMG it was fantastic.
2) Gumbo: Prolly the flagship dish here.  No one can beat the gumbo of this place...not Emeril's, mine...nobody's...
3) Turtle soup: WOW.  If this place ever reopens, this is another dish to get.
4) Caesar salad: Super fresh anchovies to go with a fresh salad and very tasty cheese.
5) Prix Fix Menu: Turtle Soup, Salad, Pecan crusted fish, dessert souffle (for 30 bux).  Are you kidding me? No wonder it went out of business.  I wouldn't mind paying 50 dollars for it.
6) Pecan crusted fish: It was good but nothing spectacular.  The ingrediants were very fresh though.
7) Banana souffle: WOW.  Ever tasted the BEST, fluffiest souufle ever?
8) Creme Broule: Not bad.
9) Bread and butter: Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside spread with some lightly whipped garlic butter?  

If this place ever reopens...I'm heading to vegas.  You just can't beat the price/service/quality here.
Perfect place -- if that is possible.  It's a shame that it's closed.  I've been to both locations (New Orleans).  The service and food are impecable.  No other restaurant can compare to the level of detail and service.  When I was in Vegas three years ago, it was voted best american restaurant on the strip.  That says a lot about the level and quality.
oh man, when ever the girls are in vegas.... after a long nite partying and after sleepin' in until 4 in the afternoon -- nothing is better than getting a delivery of lucille's bbq -- slab of ribs and steak and jambalaya!! they are soo good....

when the boys that we left back home have behaved well and were good while we were gone -- we sometimes remember to stop off at lucille's for lunch right before our flight out and bring them a slab home... =P
I honestly didn't think I'd ever get good BBQ outside of Kansas City, Memphis or Austin. However, i ordered the Beef Ribs and Pulled Pork combo platter, and was quite surprised. They served the enormous plate with three totally different styles of sauce that covered every style...
This restaurant deserves more than two reviews -- it deserves thousands, all raves.  We have been coming here practically since the first day it opened.  We bring all our friends here and it is the first place they want to go to when they come back to visit again.

You can smell the smoky goodness from the parking lot and the taste of the ribs is even better.  I have been a die hard pork rib lover for many years, but I have to say that the Beef Ribs (also known as Beef Candy in our house) are in another category of superb.  But wait -- there is more.  Although it may be hard to pass up the ribs, I often do, in favor of the gumbo -- rich with roux, smokey with chicken and sausage and sweet with rock shrimp.  And my husband will come just for the greens and grits, though I prefer the crisp fries and the creamy garlic mashed spuds.  Don't worry about filling up on the tasty appetizers and entrees, the desserts are less than stellar.

If you have a craving for tender smoked meat with a variety of sauces you will be totally satisfied at Lucille's.
I went in the mid-afternoon and walked right in, but friends tell me this place has 90-minute waits on weekend nights. Why???

It's cute, in a kitsch sort of way. And the grits I had were undeniably good. But the 'cue was really sad. Smoked brisket shouldn't need a knife! And the pork ribs were bland and boring. All three of the sauces were sicky-sweet, and the portions were obscene -- the photo above is a lunch-size half order, and it was still way too much for one person.
Average. I spent a year in Memphis Tennessee. It ruined me for local barbeque. So far NOTHING, i mean NOTHING, especially Lucille's would even browse my Memphis top 10. It's unfortunate because besides my friends, my bars and the rainstorms it's the only thing I really miss about Memphis. 

The pulled pork is OK. The chicken is ok. The fried ocra is awesome. The portions are huge. So far it's the only place I can get honey butter for the biscuits. 

It's very popular so it's got to be good right? Well so is Taco Bell. Nuff said.
The sampler appetizer was greasy and notso special... The tri-tip was really REALLY good, and the drinks were poured well... They have a few options for BBQ sauce, and if I was a big fan of BBQ, I would probably rate this place a 5... But I'm not and because of that I can take it or leave it. My friends who really dig BBQ though think Lucilles is the Bee's Knees.
Yes, it's a chain restaurant, but oh my is it awesome. We ordered a full rack of ribs that was about a two feet long. It was incredible. The barbeque was generally Kansas City style, everything was served "wet" (cooked with the sauce on it already). Very good BBQ, outdoor seating, a very LARGE jar of muddy water (arnold palmer)...can't really be beat. Good escape from The Strip if you're a visitor. Plus you can check out the Green Valley Ranch, which is a really nice Casino next door. Service was average, prices were pretty good for a good BBQ joint.

Went there on a Saturday night once and they had a live blues band. They were enjoyable, if not a little too loud on the volume (it's not a rock concert and the bar is tiny!). This is a good bet for BBQ if the mood the strikes you.
Freakin loved this place. I've been living in Vegas for about three years now, and when I first heard about this place about a year ago I knew I had to go. Anyway, I finally got to go two weeks ago to celebrate my 24th birthday. The ribs are wonderful, and you can choose from three different sauces to put on your ribs: Old Fashioned Barbeque, Memphis Barbeque, and a spicy barbeque sauce. The biscuits were soft, warm, and the cinnamon butter was an added bonus. The service was friendly and attentive. The day I went which was a Saturday, their was a live band playing the blues. In order to be fair, I do highly recommend this estabilishment, but be prepared to have up to a 90 minute wait, and Lucille's does not take reservations.
We've been drawn into eating at Lucille's countless times because of the amazing smells from it drifting throughout The District, but unfortunately the food rarely satisfies.

The best dish I've had here was a seafood risotto that was on special. There is nothing really wrong with any of the food. It's decent BBQ, and probably some of the best in Vegas, but I can't help but think there could be better.
I don't really have many bad things to say about this place.  The ribs are great, the bbq chicken is great, and so are the other types of meat like brisket and such.  I've had real southern cooking, and it's not quite exactly the same, but it's good nonetheless.  The portions are huge.  The sweet tea is delicious.  My only small complain are some of their sides sound really good, but taste plain and bland.  The service is good.  I like their biscuits and apple butter which is awesome.  They also have extra sauce on the table if you need some more which a lot of people still use except for me.
The big question on the minds of BBQ lovers in the valley is Memphis or Lucille's. Well, I hate to be the spoiler but its a tie. It depends on the thing your after. Lucille's offers large portions of their signature BBQ with the cooker right in the dining room! They have a fantastic southern drink menu with things like mint julep on it. This place is always busy and has a great outdoor patio. They offer both Memphis and Texas style BBQ which is good, but always makes me wonder if they would do one better if they focused. The take out is awesome though!!! A great night in the district if your interested in good BBQ none the less.
My uncle who lives in Vegas has been raving about this place ever since they opened. I recently got a chance to eat their during a visit this summer.

Man does this place get packed!!! Be smart, go to the bar order some drinks then take a seat at one of the tables when they open up. Much faster than waiting for a regular table. 

If you go during happy hour on Friday or Saturday, be prepare for some loud music. We were treated to a nice blues band during our dining experience, but it was loud.

The barbeque is just okay and nothing to rave about. But their Gumbo hit the spot and was delicious. I was so glad that I ordered this instead of the ribs or the chicken.
I  usually eat in the bar  as it is much faster than waiting for a regular table.   Regardless, servers always seem like they are in the weeds.  I find the BBQ average regardless of some of the raves here.  I go for the blackened catfish on mustard sauce with greens and mashed potatoes with an Abita beer.  Overall, an average chain type restaurant with large portions and a great location.
Located at The District in Green Valley Ranch Lucille's is the best if you need to get your BBQ on.  Arrive hungry and leave 10 pounds heavier, in a good way.  

Recently I went on a busy Saturday night, had to wait 45 minutes for a table outside.  (The weather was stellar, so the wait was worth it.)  No biggie on the wait, they have super cool pagers that you can carry and that work all over The District.  We opted to hang out at nearby Al's Garage and have a few beers while we waited for our pager to buzz us.

We were seated outside where we could hear the live band inside still jamming.  NICE.  The service was excellent, our beers were ice cold, and the food was incredibly delicious.  My dining partner who is from Quebec, Canada  was shocked at how large the portions were.  HUGE portions!  

We delighted in the following...

To start, onion straws served with a delicious spicy ranch dippin sauce.  So good it should be illegal in all 50 states.

The juiciest BBQ beef ribs known to man. (My chihuahua LOVES me forever after bringing home those bones!!)

Tangy yummy baby back ribs.

The softest juiciest pulled pork ever.

BBQ Chicken that was to die for... juicy and smoked to perfection.

Loaded baked potatoes and sweet corn on the cob (YUM!) were served on the side.

Desert.  Are you kidding?  I practically needed to be rolled out of there.  It hurt to even think about desert! 

I love this place.  Ambiance is always nice, service is great, and the food has always been consistent in my half a dozen or so trips so far.
I really enjoyed my meal at Lucille's.  My friend and I had a super friendly waitress, which made the experience even better.  We went around 8:30 pm on a Thursday, so we had no wait for a table.  As for cleanliness, I have to say I can't stand sitting where there are dusty, dirty hanging light fixtures over the table- who knows what might fall into your food?  No such problem here- the fixtures were spotless, and the floors and tables were clean.

I was able to try a little of several items: beef ribs, pork ribs, fried green tomatoes, biscuit, baked beans, cheeseburger (medium rare!), and shoestring fries. Everything was delicious.  At the table are three types of barbecue sauce to choose from, one of them hot, which I tend to avoid (my hot sauce-loving friend says it wasn't hot at all, but I thought it was comfortably spicy). All of them were quite good.

The place is a tad pricey- we paid about $60 for two sodas, a beef rib appetizer, and our two entrees.  They put a basket with two biscuits on the table, and thank goodness there were only two because we would not have been able to eat our dinner! Neither of us could finish our meals anyway, so we had to take them home. I will definitely be back. This is the best-tasting barbecue I've had so far in Las Vegas.
From the previously frozen corn on the cob to the mediocre BBQ sauce, this place is the pits. I do like the way they throw all the 1950s furnishings and finishes in there randomly, and our waitress was good, but the food was weak and the people around us were getting horrible service. The table across from us sat there after finishing their meal waiting for the waiter to come back for almost the entire time we were there, and when he asked the host for the tab, he told the guy he should go find his waiter.

Fried green tomatoes were OK, but not great. Sauce was actually pretty good; the highlight of our meal.

The backbone of good BBQ is a good dry rub, and my chicken had none. I'm more of a fan of KC style BBQ, and I don't appreciate when it arrives already slathered in sauce, so I asked for mine dry. That was a mistake, as what came to my table looked like no more than a roasted half chicken. It didn't really taste slow-cooked either, and the meat did not fall apart like it should. Hell, I can cook a beer can chicken in 90 minutes and it falls off the bone. I don't believe they cooked this for half a day as they claimed. Even with any of the three sauces--which couldn't go head to head with Open Pit or KC Masterpiece--left me very disappointed.
We liked Lucille's so much we went there twice!  Loaded with personality, and I'm talking about the atmosphere and the staff in this Cajun/Creole influenced establishment when I say that, this place had an ambiance as welcoming a lemonade with your best friend on the screen porch during a warm summer night. It was a fun place to take the kids. Both times we went there was live music and all seemed entertained when our little ones decided to groove to it right next to our table. The smoked chicken was delicious, the onion straws were sinful and the ribs were out of this world! Even the sides were incredible --- my mouth is watering thinking about the garlic mashed potatoes.  Reasonable prices for what you get.  Pretty good kids menu.  Great people watching.  Call ahead to reserve a table, the place is popular and you will wait if you don't.

Check 'em out at:
http://www.lucillesbbq.com
i was first introduced to lucilles in LA - but was pleasantly surprised when it found its way to las vegas.

i wont lie, ive sampled bbq from TX to TN to MS to SC to MO and back again. but the ribs at lucilles are pretty dang good. just recently a friend and i both ordered a full slab each, and we tried to have a rib eating contest amongst ourselves. the ribs were so good, that he and i both were winners regardless... but the portions were so huge - both he and i nearly died / overdosed on baby back goodness.

they have a variety of their house blend bbq sauces on the table for you to slather on your bbq - my favorite being the spicy one.

on a different occasion, ive had their mardi gras chicken dish - outstanding cajun flavors: chicken, shrimp, andoille sasuage and veggies over rice... ive also had their mixed meat plate: with ribs and hot link - i was surprised you get the whole hot link, uncut - extra bonus on how much meal you get for your money - 

in my opinion, this probably goes down as the best bbq in vegas.

not quite 5 stars, as i thought the service was trying to keep up instead of being on point... in their defense it is busy there, but for all 5 stars - this would have to be exceptional at all levels... service was just ok.
If I could give more stars I would.

Story of the day.

1. Drive from Lake Havasu, included the time difference, stopped at Hoover Dam, got my fortune. It read " You are basically a kind a good person" well thank you.

2. Arrived in Vegas to fly home to Oakland (with the ex, lived there at the time)

3. Agreed on Luclle'e Smokehouse BBQ.

...this is where it gets fun. My family is from the south, and I think I had the opportunity to taste some of the greatest BBQ in all the land. From Texas to KCMO to Tennessee and down to Mississippi, I know good BBQ. I was wary about good BBQ being in Las Vegas though....

4. Probably the best Bourbon Julep, Tri-Tip sandwich and sides I have ever tasted. I wanted to take a bath in the mac and cheese and tried to smuggle some of the coleslaw home with me, but I ate it before I left the parking lot.

You must visit Lucilles. Read the funny history on the menu. Order a Julep. Walk around and check out the high end shops at "The District" when you're done.

You will not be let down by Lucille's.
mmm..well the fish place nearby was a longer wait, so we went here...it was busy, and crowded.  I like ribs as much as anyone, however i had never really ventured beyond home made ribs and chilis babyback ribs. So my first time at lucilles, we ordered like a combo plate or some sorts.  

the ribs, well i reviewed another lucilles and i have this to say - i could taste the lighter fluid...is that the smoky taste alot of people are referencing?

i did like the mashed sweet potatoes, really its all i ate, bread was good too, and so was my iced tea.  Sorry lucilles, i am not a fan...

highlight was that we saw some actor with his family there that night, dunno his name, an im too distraught over these overpriced ribs to google it, but hes on the show, without a trace, the Caucasian guy...yeah, thats him...

wish i could say NEVER AGAIN to lucilles, but you sadly this is my sister's favorite and she chooses this place when its her turn to choose...bummer
I'm not a huge meat eater, but at Lucille's, I turn rabid carnivore. I have to fight the urge to take down a cow by the hind haunches and eat it on the spot.  Whenever I'm in at the Green Valley Ranch, despite several excellent dining options, I have to eat at Lucilles.   They start with killer biscuits and apple butter, and their drinks come in massive Mason jars.  I usually get a chicken dish, and every single one has been sooooo tasty.  This past weekend, I got the Cajun Chicken sandwich and it was so good, I'm tempted to drive the five hours back to Vegas for it.  On previous visits, I've gotten the Po' Boy and the Southern Fried Chicken.  All are heart-cloggin' good!  I've heard that they have good desserts, but the portions are so big, that I've never been able to order one. 
The decor is corporate-country.  The seating isn't terribly comfortable and the restaurant is a little loud, so it's not a place to linger over your food.   There's usually a wait, unless you get there early.   After dinner, you can walk around the shops, or hit the casino for gambling or a movie.
Don't be a dummy like I am and take the server's advice and upgrade from a half rack of baby back ribs to a full rack for an extra $3.00 unless you can seriously consume a half a pig in one sitting.

SO MUCH FOOD. HUGE PORTION SIZES.

That's awesome if you're local and can reheat, but for out-of-towners like me on a business trip, it's a bit too much.

Good sweet tea and amazing greens. The mac and cheese side was delicious. So was the artichoke appetizer. It's worth the drive out of Vegas if you've got a rental car. The can easily accommodate big groups, just make sure you give them notice that you're coming.

What a find.
Pretty good eats.  They serve you water in mason jars.  You get bread with APPLE BUTTER prior to your meal.  YUM.

I ordered a beef brisket platter, and was pleasantly surprised by its sheer size.  That is a LOT of food.  And you get two sides along with it - I chose the sweet corn (amaz.) and the garlic mashed potatoes (LURVE IT.)  Left quite full.

And they have mojitos.  Of several different flavors.  Cucumber mojitos. what?

And the ambience of this particular Lucille's, located in The District, is quite cute - it's as if you're in someone's home.

All in all, a pretty good meal - not the best barbecue I've had, but still a pretty good meal.
Pork ribs were ok. Nothing special stand out though. The place is pretty nice though. The restaurant is huge and has a friendly atmosphere. Their  biscuits were pretty good.
I don't like BBQ, so take my review with a grain of salt.. I will say it saddens me that their BBQ baked potato is only available at lunch.. WTF, seriously this is the only thing I've found on the menu that I half way enjoy. GRRR... moving on, the sliders are decent, and my bf enjoys the beef tip. 

Drinks are ok priced (7.99 or so) and good! I love the backporch strawberry lemonade. If it wasn't for the biscuits with apple butter and yummy drinks I wouldn't keep letting my bf drag me back here.
My sis-in-law raved raved raved about Lucille's so we finally decided to go to the Henderson location when we were @ Lake Las Vegas for a mini getaway for the weekend.  Now we know why she loves this place.  The sides just alone is what will make me go back.  Oh, how can I forget the apple butter and the yummy bread.  Okay, just for the apple butter and bread...I'll go back in a heartbeat.  My hubby devoured the piggy ribs however, I wasn't such a fan for the beef ribs.  I thought they were too tough and heavy...I think I'll try a fish dish next time (the reason for 4 stars instead of 5).  Next time, I'm gonna leave room to try a dessert and not eat so much bread in the beginning.  

Go go go if you crave BBQ!
This place is like a shack somewhere in the south. The food is yummy and great for families or big groups; you can order a couple different meats and sides. The ice tea is good, forget it...everything is good.  You can't go wrong here.
I was craving some BBQ and took my mom here.  The menu looked like it had great potential and our mouths watered from the variety of offerings.

The biscuits were a bit heavy, but were tasty.  We split a two-meat combo. It was massive!!  We ordered the beef and the St. Louis ribs.  Both were on the tough side.  I had to ask the server if it was St. Louis or baby back ribs on the plate - because there was hardly any meat on it!  I was told St. Louis, but I swear they tasted like baby backs!

We also didn't care for the mashed sweet potatoes - it tasted like baby food.  We did order the apple pie and it was generous and tasted good.  Overall, it looks like it's great for gorups, has big food and drink servings, but fell short in taste and authenticity.  If I were to choose to go to a BBQ  restaurant chain, I would go to a Tony Roma's.
best bbq ive had in vegas so far (ive had famous daves, and memphis champ.) I love the brisket and mac and cheese here. I also think the fries are good and my girlfriend loves the ribs. I think its a little pricey though compared to the other bbq places in town but its worth it. Service is decent, there seems to always be a wait but come hungry!
It's a Chain and usually I am partial to chains but Lucille's definitely does it right.  Been here a couple of times now and as I've eaten more and more BBQ over the years, I can now taste Bad BBQ and compare to Good or Great BBQ.  Lucille's I would definitely rate in the 8 out of 10 range.  

They try to make the experience as authentic as possible with their shack-like decor, apple butter for their bread, jars for this drinks.  The portions are big and the service very friendly.....
The best BBQ I've ever tasted.  And you're talking to a guy who once went to Ft. Worth for a weekend just to sample authentic Texas BBQ!  Every meat item they serve is delicious, and the side dishes are of ample portion.  Chances are you won't finish your meal.  truly a great place if you like BBQ.
I'd been craving BBQ since I knew the Carnie Crew was gearing up for a field trip, and the last place I would've guessed that had it was Vegas.  Technically, this is Henderson, but it's about 10 min east of the airport.  

Located in what seems like a fairly new outdoor shopping area, Lucille's is huge and service is absolutely top notch.  The portions looked huge, so come with an appetite.

I ordered a bowl of the gumbo, which had a nice, smoky roux.  The roux is usually the tell-tale sign of a good gumbo, and while it was not down-home, hole in the wall NOLA good, it was unexpectedly great.  I enjoyed it and found the ratio of shrimp, chicken and sausage to be more than adequate.  The gumbo is served over a bed of rice, so it's almost a meal in itself.  For a Yelper, though?  BRING MORE FOOD!  So, with that, I ordered the Tri Tip Plate from the kids menu, which comes with a side of fries and mac & cheese.  I stuck with the meat, which was tender, moist, and nicely smoked.  

Great place for two or groups and parking wasn't too bad.
The prices are quite high, but you will get a TON of food in return, and most of it is very good. nothing mind blowing or unlike anything i have ever tasted, but they know what they are doing and how to do it well. I highly recommend it. They have live blues music on some nights which is good, but note that if you are near the bar they play Quite loud, and it doesn't work for a nice quiet night out, it feels like you are at a concert.
It's been a while but this place is good!!!
had an Easter lunch there today and i have not tried their burgers before and had a basic cheese burger and was very good, had that backyard bbq taste, wife had the bbq chicken sliders and they were great. always a nice place to eat.
Lucille's is very inviting.  On my last visit they had a blues singer that was amazing.  But to the food ...

I had the brisket with peanut coleslaw and baked beans.  The brisket was curious.  It could best be described as smoked pot roast.  It tasted good, but not at all what I think of as BBQ'd brisket.  The peanut coleslaw was very dry and I didn't finish it.  The baked beans were completely unremarkable.  

Even though the place was packed, the service was excellent.

So 2 stars for the BBQ plus 1 for the excellent ambiance.  On another visit,  I'll try the ribs.
I like how the ribs are just alittle bit charred. Order the St. Louis style ribs and deep fried pickles. These are good for sharing and you won't regret it. The biscuits are very good here and most of the sides are tasty. Service is always pretty decent here.
Medicore, expensive - skip it

First impression the place seems great - like some down home house - but it feels a little phony. That's pretty much what you get as far as the food too.

I don't know if  you can get a entree that is under $14 bucks. You do get a lot of food and they have the approiate sides.

The brought out biscuit and they just tasted like flour. I thought I was smart and got the brisket - There was no smokey flavor - like someone else said it was just like a pot roast. Service was pretty good (did have to ask them for my other side that they forgot - their heart was in the right place). If their prices were more resonable they would get three stars.
If I ever find myself on death row or am read my last rights and asked what I want for my final meal here, Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-b-que is it.  I would order one of the  BBQ feasts that feeds a whole family.  I would gorge myself to death before whatever else is going to take me gets a chance.  And I would, quite simply, die a happy camper.

Back in the real world, however, I didn't do much better.  I had the combo platter with BBQ half chicken and baby back ribs.  This comes with your choice of 2 sides - I decided to go southern all the way with southern sweet potatoes and braised greens - and a homemade biscuit with apple butter.

It's eyes-rolling-in-the-back-of-your-head good.  And it held up extremely well with the Murphy-Goode Petit Verdot I paired it with.  Okay, so maybe a true southerner I'm not.

Now, I've been here many times, and admit that it can be hit or miss for whatever reason, but tonight I finished the meal feeling so satisfied that if I were dying, I would be okay with it.  As it stands, the calories are going to kill me because I'm still living on, but I don't have to worry about that until the morning.

Good night and sweet and tangy bar-b-que dreams to all!
One of the best BBQ places I have been to...great for larger parties as well.
After reading all the good reviews on yelp we decided to hit up this place for some lip smacking BBQ. 

We all feasted on the family plan of ribs, chicken and 4 sides. We opted for a complete revolt of health conscience eating with mac and cheese, garlic mashed potatoes, grilled corn, and baked beans. We also ordered their fried pickles-yum! 

There are mixed reviews overall for this place from myself and the group I was with. The ribs served to us in our family style meal were kinda burnt overall-some were juicy and moist and some just had some extra sauce slapped on like lipstick on a pig. As a contrast my nephew got the child's plate of 3 ribs and his were all thick, moist and juicy-very succulent looking in comparison. Strange, eh?

The sides were extremely sub-par. I would say if you are coming here don't even bother with the corn, I am pretty sure it was previously frozen because the husk was soggy. The mac and cheese was alright, but tasted like it was made with something along the lines of Velveeta. The chicken was good, juicy and perfectly cooked.

Also a plus is for those crazy enough to want to sit outside-there are misters to help keep you cool.
This is a smashing BBQ place.  I've been a couple times, had the baby back ribs, pulled pork, brisket.  All are fantastic and served with plenty of mop sauce to sweeten the deal.  The sauces here are excellent.  I believe one of their sauces makes an appearance in the Bloody Mary, which was one of the best I've had.  Service is always great.  Stop by!
We ordered the $32 dinner special for two which was a really great bargain for what we got.

The apple butter was amazing on the biscuit. The brisket I chose wasn't the best but the fatty portions were sure tasty =)

For dessert we got the banana pudding which had a nilla wafer on top AND a hidden one underneath. MAKE SURE YOU FIND THE HIDDEN ONE!
I just had a take-out order of St. Louis style ribs with a side of macaroni and cheese and sweet potato. WOW! This is the first time I had their mac and cheese and it is so creamy, cheesily delicious! I can eat it all day long.  The sweet potato was also pretty good. The ribs never fail to satisfy me.
I love Lucille's. Generally, I am not a big fan of any kind of chain restaurant. But I will make an exception.

I've been three times, and the food and service were consistently very good. Once, I ate by myself in the bar, which I think may be a test of a restaurant, as sometimes solo diners are ignored or even disdained. The server, Kim, was especially attentive and made sure that I had everything I could possibly need or want. It would have been a perfect meal if not for the diners at the table across from me, three men who were having a conversation that would have been better left unsaid, if you know what I mean.
I don't really know why I've been  putting this place off It's always been rated a TOP 10 restaurant in Las Vegas/Henderson.

Well no more, I did it and what a suprise! When it comes to chain places expectations are relatively low.

Right off you'll love this place-outdoor seating lots of indoor seating and a bar-incredibly friendly staff and the place feels 100% BBQ with the smoker going right in the dining room.

They start you off with Sweet Tea in a mason jar and a sprig of mint then some biscuits with Apple BUtter.

We ordered the 3 course FEAST for 2 and the Ribs & Tri-Tip Lunch Special to-go.

The food came out in a very timely manner. We started off with the biscuits and a house salad for 2.

Next came the BBQ platter-1/2 bbq chicken,4 St Louis Style Ribs, 4 Babyback Ribs and 1/4 Lb of Beef Brisket. Plus we had 2 sides-Mashed Sweet Potaotes and Macaroni and Cheese.

The food was fantastic. Apple-wood smoked meat-great smoke flavor tender & moist. Plus they have 3 sauces-Memphis,Regular & Hot/Spicy-All were great but I luv the Hot stuff.

The brisket was by far the BEST anywhere in Las Vegas!! The Ribs were Fantastic-Smoked through and Tender. The Tri Tip was out of this world too!!

Definitely a TOP BBQ joint in Las Vegas/Henderson!:)
If this place was closer, not so pricy and had a drive-thru I would be 400 lbs by Xmas!!
I hate to rain on everyone's 5-star parade, but this place blows. It came highly recommended, not only from people I work with, but apparently the Vegas majority. And, oh, how very disappointed I was...
Where to begin?! Let's start with the service... I generally believe if you have decent service and a bad meal or bad service but a great meal it can be balanced out to an overall average review. However, when you strike gold and get both terrible service and subpar food--what are you left with? In my case, a review on Yelp. 
And now I'm going to be that catty bitch that uses names... Julie, maybe you were having a rough night. Maybe your boyfriend dumped you or your boss made you pull a double. The fact is, I don't give a shit. You were rude, unwelcoming and a TERRIBLE waitress. I ordered a water with lemon to start. A drink menu was no where to be seen so our options were limited--would we like a lemonade? Possibly, but we don't know what you have on your menu because you've already left us to get our waters. Except 10 minutes later we still don't have water. And when we do, there's no lemon in it. A minor detail, I know... and really, I can get over this if you had managed to get anything else right. You put the cherry on the icing when I asked for a lemon and you tell me it's going to be a minute. Ok--because you're growing them out back? Because you have to cut it with the shards of glass you're going to remove from your ass since clearly you have something stuck up there? Whatever, you pissed me off... 
To the food... you bring out some biscuits with apple butter. This excites me, except the biscuits were flavorless and there was no amount of butter to help this. I order the soup and sandwich combo with the loaded potato soup and  1/2 a chicken sandwich. The soup was spicy but didn't have a ton of flavor. And loaded? If by loaded you mean basically a white broth with tons of pepper in it, then yes, it was loaded. I'm still waiting for the cheese and bacon to come in somewhere...I order the chicken sandwich plain thinking I'll douse the warm chicken in BBQ sauce and then eat the bread. I tell Julie this, but alas, she doesn't hear me. She hasn't heard a damn thing I've said tonight.... So the sandwich comes and the chicken is cold. On Texas toast. With loads of mayo, tomatoes and lettuce. Um, NO. Every other sandwich on the menu is warm and comes on a bun--WTF? I tell Julie I'm not pleased and she stands there looking at me and then asks if I want something else. I say I'll think about it and she leaves NEVER TO BE SEEN AGAIN! Or until I've picked my way through my sandwich and just want to go home. You come by to remove our plates and ask if we want dessert. I had been contemplating key lime cheesecake because I'm a sucker for all things key lime... but I'm pissy and head to the restroom. While I'm there, husband orders key lime to go and the check. You grab the check with our credit card and run it in record time and tell us to have a good night--except we've yet to receive the key lime pie. No, this feat would take you an additional 10 minutes to get. Because apparently, the only thing you can do in record time is make me want to leave. 
Overall, I think this place is highly overrated. If in the mood for BBQ, this will be the last joint I ever recommend or go to. Lucille's--you get ONE star because my husband liked his ham sandwich. I would take this away for the awful service but I'm not that mean....
The sweet tea was really sweet.  It was good, but it shouldn't be that sweet.  I had the BBQ Lunch Platter with creamy cheese grits.  I selected the baby back ribs, beef brisket and tri tip.  The baby back were great, soft and juicy.  The beef brisket was a little tough and chewy.  The tri tip was good.  I also tried the chicken and it was excellent.  The BBQ sauce on the meats was sweet.  Just like the sweet tea, it didn't have to be too sweet.  The waitress was very nice and the ambiance was quite homy.  Oh, also we had the onion straw's for our appetizer.  That was very good.  It was a lot of food.  Over all is what a good lunch.  ;o)
Some of my Favorite Ribs anywhere !!! different rib options, sauces, and sides. come hungry !!!! great ambiance, and pretty good service ! and only 20 minutes from the Las Vegas strip.
The food is always good at Lucille's. The servers at this location are pretty young so they spent a lot of time conversing and not attending to their tables.  I kept having to flag down our waiter when I needed anything.  Don't expect to get a buzz or even taste the alcohol in the 22oz flavored drinks.
Located next to the Green Valley ranch shopping center, this is a pretty good BBQ joint. We should have known going in that we would get huge portions because everyone was leaving with doggie bags. We each ordered rib samplers and it was a lot of food since the meals included 2 sides and corn bread. The price was high but that seems to be the case with most places in Vegas.
walked in without expectation...during lunch and ordered their sampler entree that had everything from bbq chicken, st. louis ribs/bbq ribs, spicy hot links....etc. with garlic mash, and traditional cole slaw. yummie! 
If you are craving for some ribs and bbq def' a place that will takecare of your cravings....yum yum!!!
will go back again!  :)

plus loved their 3 different dipping sauce!
Went here first day arriving at Vegas.  I'm not a big meat eater but I love BBQ chicken.  Wifey and I decided to check this out.  The place was very clean and decked out like something from the south.  The staff was nice.  The food was great!  It was huge portions.  I suggest you share a meal with your friend or family member.  Wife had the ribs and I had the BBQ chicken.  Both great and they have different BBQ sauces to try.  The garlic mash potatoes were so good! Yum.
Will definitely go back!

Oh Also, since your eating BBQ, your going to get your hands messy.  They give you wet, warm wash clothes for your hands and mouth.  Never had that before and its a great idea!  Gets all that sticky sauce off!
I just have to say "Apple butter".  OMG I think I could spread it on newspaper and eat it lol. But at Lucille's they have great rolls for that :). Seriously, great food and service a top notch BBQ resturant that lives up to the price tag
I can truly say that after meeting Lucille, my life has improved significantly.  Every time I'm in Vegas I look forward to eating at Lucille's.  The food here is amazing and some of the best BBQ I have ever had.  The atmosphere is great for business and family lunches and dinners.  Just tonight the waiter went above and beyond and sugared the top of the jar that my strawberry lemonade was in to make it all the better.  

I get the Porch Combo most of the time with the baby backs and the tri-tip and also really love the rolls and butter they bring out.  This place is MONEY!
LOVE Lucille's!! I miss living in Vegas because of it... just kidding. Sort of... 
but, yes, every time I am back in Vegas, I need a trip to Lucille's!! (: YUM!
I had very high expectations and just did not see what all the talk was about. It was okay but I have had much better. Prices are kinda up there too!
The most amazing tri tip and baby back ribs. The chicken is pretty dang good too (fall off the bone).  This is the first Lucilles I ever ate at, and is 100% better then the one in Tempe (sadly) 

Every time I go to Vegas, I make sure and drive out to Green Valley to hit this place up.

They did not let me down this trip either.  The service was better then ever, and they went above and beyond to make us happy!  I can't wait to go back to this location again!
Lucille's is one of the best places in Henderson.  Pulled pork sandwich is my go-to dish.  Add some iced tea and some of that apple butter on a biscuit & I'm stuffed!  Good portion sizes.  If you order the full slab of ribs, you will spend some dough, but all this BBQ is really good.  Worth it.
I was impressed I was contacted by the owner about my dining experience. I was honest and told him it must have just been a bad day for the meat. Somewhat surprised he did not as much as offer me and appetizer if I came back.... But that's the game of business!
I am gonna be nice, but honest.  Service and ambience is good, perhaps above average. But the BBQ here is sub-par.  Not sure which city of Greenville Lucille grew up in (Wisconsin as stated by our server), but this place seems to try to grasp all styles of regional bbq....I had the "Texas-style" brisket and was truly disappointed.  I was recently in San Antonio and had true roadhouse bbq.  The first thing you experience is the smell of oak, hickory, mesquite in the air....not so much here, just fryer oil.  The meat had a good black crust and a nice pink smoke ring, but no smoke flavor.  As mentioned by others, it seems more like pot roast.  Tender yes, but Texas-style brisket, it is not.  

Beyond that the food was not hot upon arriving at the table...not sure how they pickup each order, but perhaps they need to rethink that process. 

Thats it.  Next time I go to bbq, unfortunately Lucille's will not be on my list.
Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ is the best BBQ in Las Vegas. The tri-tip is beyond belief and the baby back ribs fall off the bone. Soak the meats in your favorite BBQ sauce and you're in heaven.
family took me here for dinner and i havent been since i was a kid.  If your looking for some great bbq..if you you love good smoked meat then this a must try!!  Food was orgasmic!!  i got the smoked buffalo chicken wings dipped in franks red hot sauce for a starter...dear lord they were amazing.  For the main plate i got the stack of baby back ribs with sides of garlic mash potatos and corn.  Mother buckers it was heavenly.  I am still full =)
Really glad I got introduced to this place, I don't even mind it's a chain.
Portions are very large, but you do pay for them. Got to try the baby back ribs and the brisket. Definitely the best ribs I have had-but what do I know, I'm from California.
Brisket was moist and the sauce was well balanced. I tend to get overwhelmed by bbq sauce but this one was really good.

Dining buddy got the burger so I got to try it. Was actually tasty, especially the bacon. This might be a good option for people who would order a burger in a bbq joint; it will definitely taste like it was cooked on a grill (yes that's how they are supposed to taste).

The sides I had were mac and cheese and a baked potato. Mac and Cheese was creamy, baked potato wasn't stellar (then again when are they?)

Strawberry lemonade was perfect! There's also a mixed drink that's a hurricane that will have you feeling good after only one.

Service was good up until the very end when we were waiting for a slice of cake to go that never came. Definitely a must if you are in Henderson. Actually, a must for anyone in Vegas.
We came here for the VegiBurger. (yes I know its a BBQ Joint). We were not disappointed! Fantastic VegiBurger! The best I have tried so far in Las Vegas.(Yes, better by far, than the bocaburger from Johnny Rockets- which is good in a pinch). The vegiburger had roasted onions and cheese(not vegi-cheese FYI- I'm not that militant), a wonderful bun and was sooo very yummy with every bite.
My hubby and his friend ordered some ribs and sausage which they shared along with a GIGANTIC Cobb Salad(more than enough for 5-6 people FYI)and they took home the rest. (What is up with the Gigantic portions here?). 
Loved the biscuits and the sweet iced tea.
Definitely a winner.
great location..a hop and a skip away from green valley ranch casino.. had a difficult time deciding what to order... i may have salivated over the menu more than expected.. bbq was great.. even the fried pickles were yum.. had to sneak wat i had left into the theatre next door.  But my honest opinion... their bisquits are a little piece of HEAVEN!!  mmmm mmmm mmmm finger lickn good!
This place is pretty good, when we lived in Roseville, Ca there was one walking distance from our place.... And walking is exactly what you should do to get to and from because you will put on about 5 pounds at every meal. The portions are huge and the food is delicious, This is the place to go if your looking for some food that will stick to your ribs and fingers and you can wash it all down with some classic sweet tea right out of a mason Jar...
Lucille's BBQ has very good food, and service is generally good.

Their trip-tip sandwich or dinner is particularly good, as well as their beans, roasted corn and biscuits.

I enjoy coming here although waits can be long, particularly on weekends.  Location is very good as well at The District at Green Valley Ranch.

This is more of a 'premium' BBQ restaurant if such a thing exists, based on its good location and food.  Expect to pay a little more (perhaps $25 - $30 per person) for your meal here, with a requisite quality improvement over the standard BBQ restaurant, in my opinion.

Can get loud, and I prefer to sit in the main restaurant area, vs. the bar area or the 'verandah' type area (which gets hot or cold easier).

Good choice for large groups or families assuming there is no wait.
I'm kinda scared to let the secret out, but I guess Yelp deserves to know - The Happy Hour at Lucille's ROCKS. It's in the bar area only, but on Monday when we went the restaurant was full and the bar area was half empty... no clue why. 

It's 4-7 PM M-F, and 9 PM - close daily. We ordered a disgusting amount of food and 2 22 oz drinks, all for $40 with tax and tip. Cocktails start at just $3.25 (I believe our 22 oz backporch strawberry lemonades were $4.25), and food was priced from $2-$6. 

Hot link ($1.95) 
Riblets ($5.95)
Gumbo ($4.95)
Irish Fries ($2.95)
Sliders (2 for $3.95)

The winner for me was the sliders (your choice of pork brisket or chicken!), but the irish fries were a nice surprise - huge platter of yummy skinny fries topped with cheese and sour cream and other goodies. The gumbo was AWFUL (my family is from NOLA so I'm picky!). Overall great food, great drinks, great prices. We can finally afford to eat at Lucille's more often !
Lucille's opened a few years back at The District near Green Valley Ranch. This is a solid BBQ-type restaurant with excellent food and very good service as well.

If you're at all into BBQ, this is the restaurant for you. The menu is large and diverse, and covers pretty much every end of the spectrum. Whether you want steak, pork, ribs, chicken, or anything in between, they'll more than likely have something up your alley. Additionally, the restaurant often has blues bands playing in its bar area. 

The restaurant itself is excellent, however there are some problems. The parking is TERRIBLE. This is a lot shared with much of The District, which right off the bat means that there are going to be minimal places to park. As if this wasn't bad enough, they have blocked off a large portion of the lot for (unneeded!) valet parking. Even worse, an old dirt lot used for overflow parking (which is now needed more than ever!) has been blocked off. Furthermore, wait times can get pretty gruesome during peak hours, even moreso than other restaurants of its kind.

All things considered, though, this is a superb BBQ restaurant if you can deal with the piss-poor parking.

Food: B
Service: B-
Atmosphere: B-
Ate on the patio even though it was chilly out - with the heaters and windscreens it was not bad.  The waitstaff outside were not as hurried and we had terrific service.  I liked the fact that every server would see if you needed attention.  At some places your server is the only one who looks at your table - the others walk right on by.  My baby back ribs were tender and had lots of flavor - rack is about 25 bucks so they should be good, although you do get 2 sides.  The Poor Boy sandwich had really nice fried shrimp, very light coating and not greasy at all.  The basket of bisuits is a great bonus.
Delicious, probably the most delicious in vegas, but a little pricey.  Great atmosphere, great sauce, great meats, and great sides. They serve you biscuits before the meal that are awesome.  Have had some meals here that are better than others as I have received a few racks of ribs here that where charred up and dry.  I am not a big chicken fan but their chicken is some of the best I have ever had.  I get the porch combo with a choice of ribs, pulled pork, and a half a chicken for 26 bucks. 

I do love beef brisket and they don't carry it.
This place is just awesome and one of my top two favorite BBQ restaurants all time.  Everything I have ever had hear, and it has been quite a few things, has been just amazing.  The only thing better than their BBQ has to be their sides.  I have honestly just ordered the mac-n-cheese and fries and been a happy campy.  Amazing!
Good food and huge portions. Standard mid-range chain restaurant design, nice outdoor seating. 

Loved the mason jar beverages. 

Service was prompt and the waiter was appropriately contrite when my table mate complained about her meal. BBQ sauce was too sweet for her.
This California-based BBQ chain is very good, but not the best in Vegas. Go to Memphis Championship BBQ for that. Lucille's excels where their competition does not in that it has an excellent outdoor dining area, a live band, good bar scene, and lively ambiance. 

Their food is dynamic and overall good, but the one drawback is that it lacks BBQ authenticity and identity. For example, there are three BBQ sauces to choose from: Texas, Memphis, and Spicy House Blend. Don't get me wrong, Lucille's should be on your list of spots to go in Vegas, but expect more of your typical commercialized BBQ chain fare California style than a rustic, authentic spot in Memphis or Texas.
This restaurant has wonderful food, however anyone who decides to eat here needs to factor in very bad service to the experience. Do not go to this restaurant if you are hungry or have some place to be. Average wait time inside the restaurant is hour and a half, average wait time if you call ahead to pick up is 40 min. longer than told on the phone. Everyone understands the need to wait for good food, however it is unacceptable to be told your food is ready and then forgotten because of horrific communication skills held by the employees.
This was my first time to Vegas and I had the good fortune of traveling with someone who use to live here. On our last night here, she asked me if we could eat here as she missed this place. I was down and even though my boyfriend doesn't like BBQ he agreed to it as well.
We had a 30 minute wait but by the time we were seated we overhead the wait was an hour. Glad we got here when we did. Our server was SUPER friendly. Service was a tad bit slow, but the place was busy. We decided to our the combo platter and just share everything. We got the beef rips, tri tip and chicken with cole slaw, mashed sweet potatoes and the baked beans. Everything was sooooo yum! The chicken was so moist and flavorful. The mash tasted like Thanksgivings and the beans were nice and smokey. After the meal, a hot towel is brought to you to clean off all that sticky sweet sauce. Even the non-BBQ loving boyfriend said the food was amazing and that's telling you something!
I have to disagree with Dylan P from Dallas Texas. Memphis is OK, Lucilles is amazing. They have these huge platters that are big enough for two people and some take home. PLUS, they have okra. And, the okra is pretty good. I mean, they have spinach, corn, potatoes, and a whole bunch of other sides. I think they have some type of pickle thing or something, that they keep trying to push on me. But that okra is just too good.
That butter they have for the bread, what is that...apple butter? Oh man, it is like buttahhhh...seriously.
At the end of the night, you get a tootsie pop, and hopefully you get one with the indian shooting a star.
My favorite BBQ joint by far. Portions are generous, sauces are amazing, and I absolutely love the deep fried pickles. My only wish is that one would open up near me in Northern California!
Wow! I'm impressed for a Cali based BBQ restaurant, it was some pretty good smokehouse BBQ! 
We went this evening hoping to find a good BBQ restaurant that was not Famous Daves & we found it, first of all I made a reservation via their online website & as soon as we checked in not even 5 mins later we were seated, the staff was very friendly and helpful, the server was awesome, food came very quickly and hot!  Their roasted sweet corn is pretty darn good & the apple cobbler well you'll just have to try it yourself to really experience the deliciousness that awaits :) 
I recommend this place if your looking for some good tasting food in a very southern style atmosphere.
Just finished lunch at Lucilles. Been hearing friends and coworkers raving bout this place and the fried pickles so me and my boyfriend went for lunch. Fortunately it was happy hour and not that busy so service was pretty good.

Started with the fried pickles and Irish nachos (great deal for happy hour!) but not into the pickles... The nachos were okay. Cheese got cold and hard.... Not bad but not great.

We shared a full rack ribs with beans and peanut slaw as our sides. Before we got our food, they brought out 2 biscuits and apple butter. Yumm!!! Must've been the best part about the meal. Then came to food... The ribs were a bit dry and not tender. The beans are too sweet. The peanut slaw was alright..

Thought I'd give it another chance by ordering dessert. And glad I did! I got red velvet cake with ice cream.. I am a sucker for red velvet cake! And I really liked it. But you can tell it's been sitting; the icing was kinda hard. But still pretty good. My boyfriend got the snickers ice cream pie thing. Yummy but real rich and real sweet. Big serving!

Overall, decent service, moderate food with big portions, good biscuit and dessert. 3 stars... maybe my expectations were just too high from reading such good reviews.. but I'd go Famous Daves over this place anyday.
All I can say is: If you haven't tried this place, you have been missing out. 

My boyfriend & I are big fans of Memphis BBQ, but now that I've been to Lucilles...I'm grappling with the harsh reality that I may not return to Memphis...jk, we still love you Memphis! 

The sides were JUST as wonderful as the entree, how often does that really happen?
So my father in-law is in town visiting and I find myself exploring smokehouses and steakhouses to make sure he gets his meat.
Lucille's was a nice surprise. There were plentiful appetizers with the grilled artichoke standing out the most. Whats great is you can get discounted appetizers during happy hour in the bar area, or do what we did and order 1/2 orders of about 3-4 appetizers. Still good portions.
The veggie burger was also tasty. (black charred grill marks on the burger, cheese, lettuce, tomato, caramelized onions and a sesame bun.) The burger came with your pick of 1 side. I choose the sweet potato fries which were fat and crispy. There are plenty veggie sides to choose from!
The waiter was very helpful and friendly. You can also substitute the veggie burger on any of the other burger/sandwiches.
My in-law ordered the brisket salad (large) and thought it was excellent. Be aware that the large salad portion is HUGE! But salad did look yummy and fresh so Ill be ordering the vegetable salad next time.
The sweet tea and lemonade is served out of big glass jars and are delicious. However, I don't know if they give free refills.
All around great place to hang out, eat, and drink. Nice atmosphere!

Oh the complimentary bread basket is delicious biscuits with apple butter. Hard to just have one of these babies!
Great place for BBQ. I suggest their Baby back ribs, Chicken, and Beef ribs. As far as sides I suggest the Corn on the cob and Grits. They have great complimentary bread and sweet apple butter and they brew fresh down south sweet tea. Great place but a little pricey and the wait can be long so make sure to dedicate some waiting time once you get there.
I love my wet and sloppy ribs!
Wow!  The food here was great.  I ordered the tri tip with 2 sides (mac and cheese and shoestring fries) and oooooh man was it good.  Whats also nice about this place is they have their different BBQ sauces out on the table for you so you can taste them all.  If that wasn't good you can even buy it from their store inside!  Luckily the two bottles I bought survived the flight home.
Enter hungry....leave like your 9 months pregnant!  

I always love the food @ Lucilles.  Arrived @ 630pm and the place was packed!! There was a 45 min. wait for a table for 2.  I was craving Lucilles so we started to wait.  After waiting for 10minutes..I went into the bar and snagged a table (bar area is self seating) as soon as a couple had left.

Our server was very very friendly.  There was about 5 min left for happy hour and she made sure to hook us up!
Of course...we started w/ alcohol!!!

We got the fried green tomatoes for an appetizer.  Ive never really had them before and have been wanting to try them..and these did not disappoint!!  There were lightly battered and fried and served w/ some type of sauce that just completed the dish.

For my main entree I ordered their Fried Chicken w/ garlic mashed potatoes and veggies.  Everything was awesome!  

After eating here...I was sooo stuffed and bloated!!   There is just so much food on the the plates!!!  If you have to take breaks while you eat the food on your plate then you know thats a lot of food!
Very good food~~!!
Southern cooking and hospitality at it's finest =) I WANNA MOVE TO THE SOUTH IF ALL THE PEOPLE AND FOOD ARE LIKE THIS!!!!!

I was so completely and utterly happy with the food and service, I am surprised. I met up with friends for Sunday lunch. I had already ate but, was down for some Southern sweet tea (my favorite) and an appetizer or 2. Plus, I got to samps some of my friends' food.

All the portions were big =) There were different sauces to choose from =) Different sides to choose from =) Yummy fried okra =) DELICIOUS sweet potatoe fries =) THE BEST SWEET TEA I'VE TASTED =)

best Best BEST thing about Lucille's was the service. Our waiter was Mike and he was soooo sweet and funny and ... what else can I say about the service??? It was the most sincere politeness I've experienced in Vegas. Let's just say that. 

My portion of the check was supposed to be $7 but, I put in $15 cause the service was stellar. My friends and I were like, "I really like him. He's so nice!"

It just proves that service is so important to food industry. It really never fails!



OH, and it felt like we were sitting on the porch of a house. It was so fun considering we were in the District/GVR area.

AND they had a waiting area with a "leg" lamp from my favorite movie, A Christmas Story!
I Finally had a chance to check out what all the fuss is about. Everyone has always told me that Lucille's has some of the best in town. Not that I wouldn't want to believe this, but I have had plenty of disappointments as of late. However this is not one of those. First of all, they have an incredible location in the District at Green Valley Ranch (an outdoor mall of sorts). What can I say, great environment, but the porch area is extremely loud and I had to notably raise my voice (which is not quiet to begin with) when talking to my server. Loved the fact that the water was served in standard Mason Jars (without handles). As usual we combined a couple of sampler platters so as to experience as much variety as possible. Ribs and chicken were right on. White meat was perfectly done. Chicken naturally has a slight pinkish hue to it even when completely done. As long as the juices run clear it is fine. I think most people try to eliminate any sign of pink and turn it into chalk dust. The tri tip was incredibly tender and still juicy even though it was served well done, but the fact that it was automatically served well done is a definitely a minus. We added a Hot Link for only $2.95! It was excellent, slightly coarse in texture, good snap, possibly indicating a natural casing and it had well balanced heat. The sides were excellent as well. Potato salad that obviously used a generous amount of mustard and was not too sweet (a little viscous though). Greens, Beans and veggies were right on (not too salty). The pulled pork was only o.k.. It was a bit dry and it seemed like they tried to finish it like Carnitas under a broiler before serving. Also I felt that it was "too shredded" kind of like a thin meat pasta with no hearty chunk to it. The Brisket was the only thing that I will say was definitely not good. It had great flavor, but was totally dry and was sliced into jerky size pieces (big minus for that). I give 2 of the 3 sauces a big plus. The mustard bbq sauce was right on. The hot bbq sauce was excellent and actually hot. However the standard sauce that they serve on everything was way too sweet, sickeningly so. It might work out just as well as a desert sauce. Speaking of sweet, they have fantastic biscuits served with compound butter (cinnamon and apple), but they also may fare better as a desert course. Overall Lucille's is a little more expensive by comparison, although it was a lot of food. We spent $62 for 2 with tip and that included a $5 off coupon, but you are paying for the environment and service as well. I'd probably give it 3.75 out of 5 if that rating were available. Two thumbs up!
Wow, so this is what legit southern bbq taste like! Being from Hawaii, I've never really eaten true authentic southern bbq before. Just the crappy ribs and crap you get at Chili's. (barf) 

I love that your water comes in a ball jar! Their biscuits with apple cinnamon butter is delicious! 

My boyfriend and I shared the Half BBQ Chicken & Choice of two meats. We got the beef brisket and rib tips! It was a lot for one plate! It also came with a choice of two sides. We chose to get sweet potato fries and mac & cheese. They also had a choice of shoestring potatoes, veggies, corn, garlic mashed potatoes, etc. 

The chicken was half a whole chicken. It was very moist and juicy! The beef brisket was sooo soft and melted in my mouth. I didn't even need to add extra bbq sauce to it. The rib tips were my least favorite, most pieces were fall off the bone, but some of them were kind of dry and not edible.

In the past, I've tried their family feast which comes with pratically everything on the bbq menu and appetizers. We shared the Super Feast with 6 people and we could barely finish it all. I love the fried okra and deep fried pickles! mm!

We went pretty early on a Thursday evening so it was quite empty and we were seated right away. The other times I've gone had been later in the evening on a weekend night and the place is pretty crazy packed! They have a nice gazebo area that you can wait in.. if there is room. Service here is usually very good but on a busy day can be quite slow.

The price, amount & quality of food is well worth it! And their mango margarita is pretty tasty.
I loved Lucille's. It was the best BBQ I've had in all of Vegas. We went on Valentines Day and thankfully we had a reservation, otherwise, it would have been hell getting a table. There were people all over the place waiting for a seat. The menu is a little pricey, but definitely worth it. You get a lot of food with great quality. I recommend the onion straws, sweet tea, baby back ribs, and the mac and cheese. Recently, they have added a Happy Hour menu that has great prices on apps and drinks.
If it wasn't for the mediocre to bad service this would be a 4-5 star place easy! The food is spectacular, hands down my favorite BBQ in Las Vegas. As usual with The District, parking is terrible, and the wait is usually 45 minutes to an 1 hour+.

Happy hour is great and the live music in the bar makes for a great place to have a couple beers and hang out. Best service is in the bar.
Ah yes, here I am again writing about a chain restaurant.  However, it ain't bad.  I am a Texan.  My BBQ standards are high.  I have not enjoyed any other BBQ in town (Memphis is nasty) and if I will say okay to this place once in a while, now you will know why!

*Outdoor patio seating: this past Friday we sat outside, in perfect weather, while the Dave Matthews cover band played over yonder.
*Mason jars: we are thirsty people.  Most restaurants won't leave water pitchers on your table, but Lucille's mason jar water glasses are big enough where pitchers are not necessary.
*Biscuits: I never really was a biscuit person growing up, but I sure like these sugary babies, and their refills.
*Enormous portions: Eric R. and I came here prior to a day-long fast for a holiday.  We needed to BE FULL, and we sure were when we left.  Food coma-esque.
*Fairness: We ordered the new dinner for 2.  It came with a half appetizer, half chicken, 2 different sets of 4 pork ribs, and a choice of additional meat, plus 2 sides, plus dessert (yes, it sounds like death).  Well, most people know I do not eat pork.  The waiter checked and said we could sub 1 beef rib for every 2 pork ribs.  That was generous, as one beef rib is bigger than at least 3 pork ribs.  It was a messy, gnawing, lipsmacking good time and required multiple warm wet towels.
*Warning: I am not a big dessert person.  Eric R. magically guessed of the options that I would want the peach pecan bread pudding in bourbon vanilla sauce.  We could not eat more than half of it between the 2 of us.  It was so sweet I am on the road to diabetes already....but it was really, really good.
*Warning #2: Last time I ordered a mint julep and I believe there was only bourbon and no simple syrup.  That may be a good thing to some people.
Let's start with the bad part first.  The baked beans are NOT southern style.  When the waitress says she is going to bring "apple butter" she is lying.

I'm from the south apple butter to me is not butter with apple in it, which is what they give you.  Don't get me wrong!  It's really tasty, but not what I was expecting when she told me apple butter and biscuits.  The beans were gross but the pulled pork sandwich was actually really yummy!  The sweet potato fries were spot on as well.  The sauces were good too.

Overall it was a tasty place.  Being from Tennessee I was expecting food from home and despite the miss wording it was mostly perfect.  There is no helping the beans though.
I am not from the south therefore I cannot determine what authentic barbecue really is, but Lucille's delivered an exceptional dining experience. 

The service was quick and hospitable. They almost instantly brought out their biscuits with apple butter. These are delicious! I ordered the artichoke dip as an appetizer, and the brisket sandwich as my entrée. The artichoke dip was good, but the brisket sandwich was amazing! It was cooked to perfection with a sweet barbecue glaze over the top. The meat literally fell apart inside the potato bun. I would definitely recommend this sandwich. I also like the fact that Lucille's puts their drinks in mason jars. And if you are still thirsty after your meal, they offer a soda to go!

Overall, the service was friendly enough to make me feel welcome and the food was undoubtedly delicious. Lucille's deserves this five star rating. If you enjoy southern style/ barbecue food, this is an excellent choice!
I had never been to Lucille's before and I wouldn't say that BBQ food is my favorite, but I really enjoyed this place! The food, the service, and the atmosphere is great! I had the spinach dip and the original pulled pork sandwich, which were both exceptionally delicious. My favorite part was the aaaamazing biscuits and apple butter they give you! - soooo good! They serve your drinks in big mason jars, which was pretty cool and even offer to give you a soda to go once you're done your dinner! However, I think the part I enjoyed most was the atmosphere. The district at GVR is beautiful! - Nice, landscaped areas, with great stores, lots of people (and dogs!), and even live music! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
I had an unexplainable need to have bbq, so I headed over to Lucille's to check it out.  First, big points for having cold Shiner Bock on tap - which went perfectly with my slab of St. Louis style ribs.  The best rack of ribs that I had in a while!  Tender, juicy ribs with a hint of carmelization on the outside.  Didn't even need to open a bottle of sauce for dipping!  So much food, I couldn't even finish.  Ordered cheese grits and sweet potato fries as my sides; the fries were seasoned and tasty, didn't need ketchup or ranch for them.  Amiable service - very friendly and attentive, even during a dinner rush!
I am not big on BBQ... But Lucille's is probably only one of the only BBQ places that I've actually liked! 

The restaurant from outside, in is decorated as if you've been invited over to Lucille's backyard BBQ. Very cute! 

Our server was Ashley and she was a doll! Checked up on us frequently and was great with refills! 

There were 5 of us and our server suggested to get 2 of the BBQ specials for 2... There was so much food that I can't even remember what was in it, and we even had to take most of it home. It came with an appetizer, sides, the Que and dessert. Out of their 3 BBQ sauces, I liked the tangy one,... Wish I could remember what the name of it was but I was suffering from food coma. 

Return visits? Probably only when the family is in town for a visit, it's on the other side of town.
SOOOOOO Yummy...and that's not just my date, but the food too! I love going to Lucille's for BBQ with a bunch of friends. It is in a really cute house like building and is great for big groups of people. 

We started off with some really yummy corn bread and apple butter. It was so tasty. I had the sweet tea which was pretty good as well, not artificial tasting and not too sweet. I think I cleared off 3 entire glasses. :)

The servings are soo big that me and my honey share every time. This last trip we got a full rack of baby back ribs with garlic mashed potatoes and sweet potatoe fries. Everything was so good and the sweet potatoe fries were really tasty! 

This place is not to pricey when you share. Our bill was just over $30 for both of us and we could not even finish our food.

Sooo, next time you have a smoking date and are craving some smoking meats....you know where to go!
I want to start off by saying..."mmmmm yummy!"

1 star = for the buttermilk biscuits!  They're so good, melt in your mouth type bread that is to die for.  I would probably come back here strictly for the bread.  Some people rave about the apple butter, but I think its flavorful with regular butter and just as delish!

2 stars = for the portions.  My boyfriend and I decided to share a 2 meat combo along with 2 sides and an appetizer of sweet potato fries.  It was more than enough.  We had left overs that I was able to bring for lunch the next day at work.  

3 stars = for the pulled pork.  HUGE portion, flavorful, and probably so good because it's probably so bad for you.  I had again the next day at lunch, put it in between 2 pieces of wheat bread for a pulled pork sandwich :D

4 stars = for the brisket!  Cooked to perfection, not dry, and juicy, but not raw.  It was flavorful, and even better when slightly dipped in their BBQ sauce.  So good, there were no left overs of this portion but was still enough for the two of us.

5 stars = for the sides.  The beans have sausage in it and has a little spicy kick to it. Yum!  The mac and cheese is ordinary but good, and good portion size too.  The corn!  Yum!  A full ear of corn, buttery, and good!

Overall, I had a great experience here.  Our waitress was attentive, the food was great, and the place has a bar too!

GO NOW! It is so yummy here!
Aah may zing!!!! From the corn chowder to the biscuits to the ribs, mac n cheese & greens...I tried so much here that I'm a little embarrassed yet proud at the same time, and I loved it all. Service was great too! And whoever thought of that jalapeño tartar sauce needs to be kissed. Oh wait! Did I also mention the fried chicken w/ mashed potatoes & fabulous green beans? The grits & fried catfish were also great. I'm watching my figure so I only had the red velvet cake for dessert. It was the most moist cake I ever had.
Came here wth some friends to discuss business and watch the Giants beat the Rangers down. We sat at the bar area, which was not bad at all. I ordered their strawberry lemonade, and I love it! They come out in cute mason jars, so dont be alarmed if you think they just washed out a jelly jar for your drink. 

The three individuals I was with ordered the half a rack of ribs, and it was just ridiculously huge (I wonder what the full looks like). I got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. Also, while we were waiting for our food, they brought out biscuits. They were amazing, like fresh out of the oven... and the apple butter is just awesome. 

What I liked about the pulled pork sandwich here was that it wasnt slathered with BBQ sauce... and messy. It actually came out as if some one had freshly pulled the meat. And I got to put as little, or as much, BBQ sauce as I wanted. I didnt have that feeling like I have with other pulled pork sandwiches that I am consuming a sauce sandwich instead. 

For the BBQ lovers, this is def a place to try out.
Had the Pulled Pork with sweet potato fries. Very good and only $10.95! You won't be disappointed!!
It's definitely a legit barbecue spot, but I think it's a little overrated.

I've been there enough times to go back but probably because friends wanna go there and it's one of the most well known barbecue spots. the last time I was there I had the pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries. (ballin on a budget). I mean, it was good, but it wasn't the greatness my mouth was expecting. I kept having to dip it in the barbecue sauce(s). I also ordered the sweet tea. I like my sweet tea so sweet that I feel like I'm gonna get diabetes any minute. Theirs was watered down or something.

On another note, the service provided the last time I went was sub par. They took forever to order and deliver our food. I wanted ice cream with my bread pudding and they.......

couldn't find the ice cream?
hunh.

Maybe it was a bad visit? Like I said, I've been there enough to where I'm willing to go back if someone else suggests it, but I'm not gonna be the one to throw out the suggestion.
A friend invited me to dinner, and this was the choice for the evening.

Being from Texas, I am WELL familiar with barbecue.  I was not, however, expecting this.  After reading Yelp!, I noticed the classification for this restaurant was "Creole/Cajun."

"Wait, WHAT", I remarked to myself, and at that point was duly interested.

I didn't eat a big meal, but I ate well.  I tried their fried pickles, and those are excellent, with the ranch and creole mustard.  My main dish was the gumbo, and holy cow.  That was proper, full, "bonafide" delicious.  The roux was properly smoky, and full of andouille, chicken and shrimp.  I actually saved a little to take home so I could have some for later.

Service was excellent.  Our server (Abby), was friendly, accommodating, and funny.  She was on top of everything, despite the room being so crowded, and was as nice as could be.

The also had a live band playing some Southern blues music, and it fit the atmosphere of the place well.

The downside?  It's on the complete opposite side of town for me (story of my life), and I'm not a big fan of the epic drive that it takes to get from one side of Vegas to the other.  That said, I'll suck it up, and come back out this way for this place.

I was impressed.  I haven't found a decent Cajun place out in Vegas until this, and the first experiment was a winner.

I left full and happy, with a tiny portion of gumbo in tow, and left wondering how good will the other meals be.
Most favorite BBQ ever! Start out with complimentary biscuit and their awesome apple butter. The portions here are huge, so my gf and I always share the full rack baby back ribs and 2 sides (usually the sweet potato fries and garlic mash potatoes).  The full rack of ribs cost $3 or $4 more than the half rack of ribs, so go big! Don't know what it is, but the ribs here are much better than Memphis BBQ or Famous Dave's. The portions here are big, but if you have more than 4 people in yr party, go for the backyard family feast! Comes with 2 racks of ribs,2 half bbq chicken and 4 sides, 4 of my guy friends and I cant finish that! My mom ordered the feast one year for Thanksgiving, instead of cooking and we loved it!

There are 3 bbq sauces on the table, by far the best is the hot & spicy bbq sauce. The other ones are Memphis bbq and lucilles original bbq sauce. 

The sweet potato fries are perfect,  sweet and salty and the right texture and chewiness. The other sides are typical of other restaurants, nothing else really stands out.   

Service is always great and its located in The District, gives you a chance to window shop and walk off some the calories you just just ate
this place is not for the dieters. went here for dinner tonight and left plenty full after sharing a half order of fried pickles and eating half my gumbo.
they start you out with some bisquits. (mmm buttermilk bisquits!) very soft, fluffy, and warm as soon as he sat them down on the table. they also come with apple butter. putting a bisquit onto my plate and to my surprise they are topped with sugar. let me state that i am head over heels for dessert at all hours of the day, but i just didn't care for sugared buttermilk bisquits and apple butter. i wish they left them plain. :( pout.
onto the fried pickles. i love me some southern fried pickles just not as sticks. (refer to picture.) i have never had them in the shape of a fried stick but i was let down. the fried coating was falling off and it was very messy. (not to mention greasy.) they were okay, but not something i will crave.
i go for the gumbo for the main course. i have had some good gumbo in my day and maybe that led me to be spoiled. it was spicy. i liked the sausage in it, but they didn't chop up the chicken. i had a whole chunk of chicken in my gumbo soup and a whole lotta rice. the flavoring was good and like i said spicy. even made my nose run! i sort have wish i went for something else though.
apparently everyone else in my party loved their meals including the ribs and chicken. someone else had the fried shrimp and really liked it. the servers were really nice and attentive. i feel i should give it another try if everyone else liked their meals so i will give it 3 stars for that and the lovely service we had.
i hope other people have better luck then i did.
I can't believe I ate the whole thing.

The great thing about eating BBQ in places in the South such as Memphis & Nashville is that I now know what good BBQ is. The bad thing is trying to find good BBQ in the Desert. Luckily a couple years back I was introduced to Lucille's  BBQ. Their food portions are great from your meal to your dinner salad or sweet tea you're gonna be set. Though not usually a Sweet Tea fan I always start things off here with one because they really have the mix just right and it adds to the whole BBQ experience ; )  They always hook you up with complimentary biscuits & butter which are very addicting if you're hungry and not paying attention. My Girlfriend ordered the fried pickles for an appetizer which is apparently a big favorite here and definitely worth a try. Then without warning a giant slab stockpiled with food is dropped off in front of you as you're informed that's your meal. I ordered one of many different BBQ combinations they offer and my plate had a Spicy Hot Link which is a personal favorite of mine at Lucille's, in fact I'll usually order it on the side if it's not included with my meal so needless I strongly back this item if you don't mind a little spice. Pulled Pork which was very moist & tasty, and BBQ Chicken which this time was pretty dry when usually it's excellent. The kid in me always has to get a side of Mac & Cheese and I went bananas when I found out they had sweet potato fries. The fact that the fries were amazing confirmed I was not dreaming. If you live in Vegas it seems that not enough places have/have good sweet potato fries so bonus points for Lucille's! but it's been 5 hours since my dinner and I still can't believe I ate the whole thing.
I HEART LUCILLE'S the bar b que is the BUSINESS and I love the sides! my favorite place for catfish, hands down! We dined there last night for dinner, i cant wait to go back!
We think that Lucille's serves wonderful BBQ with an excellent and varied menu.  We've tried many menu offerings and have never been disappointed with the quality and taste of each item.  Of course, the ribs are excellent and the portions are generous.

The Happy Hour menu is also very good and reasonable.  Have also found that service is pretty good as well.  We usually eat in the bar and love the atmosphere and music when provided.  Not a place for those demanding quite during their restaurant experience.

We've had BBQ all over the country and Lucille's is as good as any we've tried.
Not my first time here. Went to one in CA and wasn't much of a fan then, but thought i'd give it another try. Beef ribs were good as well as the chicken.BBQ sauces aren't bad but the Tri tip was eh and the brisket was pretty bad. The brisket was really dry and just kinda crumbled in your mouth. Gross. Overall I don't think it is worth the price and I would much rather go to famous dave's.
The family style meals are great. We can feed a family of six for under $100 and still take home a doggy bag.
I have to admit that I am no expert on BBQ, but I really like this place. The Carolina style pulled pork sandwich is awesome. It has the right amount of pepper and just a touch of vinegar. And I always love New Castle brown ale. It has a nice bar with a good selection of beer and liquor.
Lucille's is still the place I head when I am looking to grub on some BBQ that is guaranteed good! 

It's good to bring a friend and take advantage of their occasional 2 person specials, you will still have enough leftovers for lunch the next day! I am a fan of all the BBQ I have had here: chicken, ribs, brisket, I don't discriminate. Most of the meats are smoked a minimum of 6 hours, with things like ribs going for way longer. The meat is consistently good, and the portions are Large.

The decor is kind of silly but you get used to drinking out of giant glass jars after a visit. The service overall is great to a little forgetful, but no major issues ever.
The place has a good vibe. The food, phenomenal. The service was awesome, the girl knew her job and was full of energy, young people working but don't let their age fool you.
Oh Lucille. Why do you always disappoint?

I went to Lucille's a couple of times a few years ago. I think it was pretty good the first time. The second time, for some reason, I left with a negative feeling. I remember paying $20 for hardly any food. On the other hand, my coworker paid much less and had way more food.

Anyway, that experience caused me to avoid the place for several years. I finally went back a couple of weeks ago. This time, we all ordered the same thing - the Smoked Beef Brisket & Portabello Sandwich from the lunch menu. This time around, the price was right ($8.95) and the sandwich was delicious and satisfying. The problem now was that the service was incredibly slow. I'm going to chalk it up to being the last week of the year. Fortunately, the company I was with made it not seem that bad, but even the people I was with mentioned how slow it was.

Overall, I think Lucille's is A-OK. It's never been somewhere that pops in my mind as a choice I would make. But at least now, if someone wants to go there, I'm not against it.
For me, Lucille's is probably the best BBQ in Vegas.  I'm sure others will contest to that, but I never get tired of this place.  Live music every Friday and Saturday nights.  Brisket is always good here.  I like to get the Jambalaya Me-Oh-Mya once in a while.
It's been a few years since we ate here last.  In Lucille's defense - I am not a huge restaurant BBQ fan - I much prefer the delicacies that the sexy hubby chef produces in our backyard.  However - this is the restaurant my son picked so we went.

There are really no complaints about the food really - it was neither Ohmygoodness awesome or Boythatreallysucks nastiness.  Food was warm and tasted good - just not memorable to me.

Sons got a rack of babybacks, tri tip and brisket - they all enjoyed them.  Since I am going to have backyard bbq deliciousness tonight - Hubby and I both went for the NY Strip - they were delicious - just not mind blowing to me.  Our dinners came with corn on the cob - didn't enjoy the bruised parts all over it though.

What annoyed me though is a couple of things that had nothing to do about the food (Maybe I was just in a bad mood)...

1.) We made reservations and our party of six arrived about 15 minutes early - there were plenty of places for our party to sit and there was no other parties waiting - so why did we have to wait?  Once they finally got around to seating us they stuck us clear in the back - I just don't like the layout of the restaurant very much - the back rooms feel closed off from the rest of the restaurant and the small room we were in felt somewhat claustrophic and our party of six was crammed in like sardines - even though there were other places to put us.  I hate being squished!

2.) We were seated right next to the table that had our server's sister and boyfriend.  Guess who got the amazing service we should have had.  Our service wasn't horrible - I just felt like an afterthought.  She wasn't rude - just was more interested in talking to her sister and her date instead of checking in our her other tables.  Like I said she wasn't rude - just did the bare minimum of service - we saw her when she took our drink order, when she served drinks then immediately took meal order, the delivery of our food and when it was time for the check.  She did ask once during the meal how everything was.  The rest of the time it seemed like she chatted with her sister and her date. 

3.)   Like I said - maybe I was just in a bad mood - but why oh why every time we have gone here - we get seated near the large parties with annoying little kids - I have been there, done that.  I never let my kids screech to their hearts content when they were little - and the five year old - running around their table and screaming - Grrrrr!   

I am really not in the mood to go back anytime soon.
This night was to take out friends who had raved about this place.The orders of Dry Baby Back Ribs were overly dry, the Beef Ribs with little meat. The service was OK, but nothing special. If you wanted a refill on anything you had to ask, nothing was automatic. Our friends said something has changed with the food. 
I guess they are touchy about negative reviews since this is the Only one of my many reviews I found as flagged (for the wrong location - no less). So even though they show up as four stars, I suspect their actual reviews are lower. If these reviews get unreasonably Flagged by YELP and YELP does not answer inquiries, I question the reliability of their rating system.
One thing we must always consider when reviewing a restaurant is the delicate balance between the quality of the food, the level of service and the size of the bill. Lucille's has some marginally okay food offerings (although a true BBQ connoisseur would hold issue with this place) and it has a friendly and attentive enough staff. 

But the true measure of Lucille's becomes clear when you get the bill. Perhaps the high cost of rent in this hoddie-toddie little shopping district of Henderson is to blame, but when you sum up your dining experience (as you take out a small loan to pay for dinner) you realize that the food was certainly not worth the price. 

Why, oh why, can we not have a good BBQ place in Vegas?
Just left Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ in Henderson and let me say the food and service was seriously lacking.  We came for a "late" dinner around 8:30pm and all the servers either seemed too busy trying to clean for the restaurant closing (which wasn't until 10pm) or never returned with anything we asked for.  There were times where we asked two different servers about something we had ordered and neither remembered to bring it. Terrible!  Also we noticed after sitting there for a while and observing other patrons munching on biscuits, that our waiter didn't even bring us any and when we asked about it he didn't apologize or anything.

As far as the food goes, I've had meals at Jack in the Box and Wendy's with more flavor.  I ordered the the appetizer sampler and everything (minus the onion strings) was very bland and all our their sauces were a miss.  The three signature bbq sauces were not that good (one was waaaaay too sweet, the other was too peppery, and the third was tolerable).  I was also disappointed in the cuts of meat that I got too.  There was too much fat and not enough tender rib meat.

I'm not sure if they were having an off night here or what, but between the service (or lack thereof) that we received and the lack of even ONE good quality bbq sauce, I don't think I will be returning.  For bbq, I'm just going to stick with Famous Dave's.
HAPPY HOURS! Lucille's does not have one, but two a day. They begin from 4-7 and then 9 to close. Jack W. and I were lounging around looking for who has the best happy hour deals and the lounge within this restaurant had stood out amongst all the rest. 

They have house well drinks $3.75, Jose Cuervo margaritas for the same price, Back porch strawberry lemonades are $5.25, Joe's Hurricane $4.75 (Mai Tai with Armaretto), crocodile coolers for $5.25 (Not sure what goes into this), and a mint julep $4.25 that they do not skimp on the alcohol. Just thinking about the Southern cocktail has me reeling in fear. The days of college binge drinking are over, so a few drinks from this place leaves you in a nice place. 

Blame it on the economy or just the lack of new innovations, but the District has quieted down quite a bit. Going early in anticipation of the crowds that use to frequent this place left us speechless when we walked in and sat down right away. That's alright, just means more time to sit and enjoy ourselves.

Although we were planning on having another person join us, that did not stop us from going all out in our first order. With BBQ brisket sliders $3.99, wings $3.99, onion straws $2.99, and BBQ rib tips for $5.99 what's the harm in ordering them all with the intention of getting more when the other person joins. In hindsight, I can tell you what the problem with that is, but I do not regret our decision. Especially since the waitress was nice enough to bring us two orders of their famous biscuits and apple butter. 

Round two called for the spinach dip, $3.99, which was a little too greasy for my taste. The Irish nachos, $1.99, an order of cheese fries with green onions and sour cream were better without the latter ingredient. We also got another order of the wings. For size of the wings alone, these were a better deal than Buffalo Wild Wings on wings Tuesday. You get six large wings that are fried crisp and tossed in your choice of Frank's red hot sauce, Memphis, original, or the spicy BBQ sauce.
Lucy!  Oh, LUCY!

How many times have I tried to like you?  How many times was I let down?  My friends think you're so great, that it just makes breaking up so hard to do.

Are my expectations too high?  I don't think so.  I'm not expecting to fill the shoes of Red Apple Grill.  I been to Tony (Roma's) and (Famous) Dave's.  I've gone to Memphis (Championship). Heck, even Applebee's served up better...and was a really cheap date.

Maybe you're too saucy for me, always running here and there.  Or perhaps you just lack flavor, that certain je nais se quoi.  I don't know.  I've given you so many chances to impress me and to show me what you've got, but this is the last time.  I've pretty much given up on you.

Goodbye Lucy, I fare thee well.
My dad loves this place and therefore, we have to go with him every time he comes to town.  And he comes to town a lot.  I have to say that Lucille's is very consistent with their food.  I'll admit that I'm not a seasoned vet when it comes to BBQ so I think Lucille's is pretty great.  My wife and I had our rehearsal dinner here a couple years ago and they were very accommodating and everyone had a great time.  My friends and I have gone here for a number of Happy Hours because they have pretty great specials on apps and drinks.  You pretty much can't go wrong with one of their platters.  Half a chicken, ribs, meats, and pretty good sides.  Their cheesy grits are a family favorite.  There have been a few rare occasions where service isn't up to par but for as many times as I have gone here it has been pretty good.  The food is good and for Happy Hour, this place is great!
Yowza! Just the word I needed to describe Lucille's BBQ in the District. 

I'm dined here on numerous occasions but since my very last experience was last night, here I am. 

Checking in at the hostess stand was a breeze, I find there system for paging you when your table is ready effective, they take your cell phone number and text you when your seat is ready. Clever, yes, but I'm sure there are still folk out there acrewing charges on their wireless bill over waiting on a dinner table. 

Anyway, let's get to it! Service is friendly, what you'd come to expect on a Friday evening in a hip-happenin joint such as the District, polite yet impersonal due to the volume of tables each server has in their stations. 

Grilled artichoke with BBQ sauce..mmm! Extremely flavorful but it's a rare feet for Lucille's to ever cook the artichoke JUST right, it was a little on the tough side. It went down the hatch though, no problem. 

Now, I know Lucille's is a BBQ place and when you think BBQ, you think big meaty ribs, pork, pork, chicken, meat, carbs and more pork but my most prized pick on this menu is actually their veggie burger! 

I'm not kidding when I say I have day dreams of this veggie packed faux meat patty and it's accomplice's, the grilled onions, spring lettuce mix, garlic mayo and of course cheese.. If that doesn't fill you up, be sure to indulge on their tasty yet far from healthy side dishes.. collared greens, sweet potato fries, BBQ baked beans.. the list goes on. 

So clear your dining calendar for a about a week and get ready for a fatty feast and a half. According to my more experimental friends, the catfish (blackened) was delish and the ribs were tender and cooked just right. 

NOTE: Drop cloth and elastic waist band a MUST to eat here
this is seriously good bbq, very homey, incredibly reasonable, and a huge menu to boot.  the waiting area is like your grandmother's livingroom, and the service is both fast and folksy.  we took a $60+ RT cabride from vegas, but it was so worth it.  the backporch plate of tri-tip, 1/2 chicken, and baby back ribs was so good it made my eyes roll up in my head, honey.  it came w/fabulous, tender biscuits, and a choice of 2 sides from a dizzyingly big list.  we chose well w/peanut slaw, and the potato salad, both of which I highly recommend. 

my only complaint, and it's a small but significant one, is the fried green tomatoes--they were swimming in some kind of creamy tomato sauce, which muddied up the fried goodness of the tomatoes.  I would have preferred a remoulade or tartar sauce, a la new orleans.  other than that, it was like going to heaven w/o dying.  

I think I'm going to go out on a limb here and guess that you won't get anything like this on the strip.  it's a huge relief to get away from the surf n' turf or high end, foofy places that fatigue both the wallet as well as the palate.  even w/the cabride, we saved money, and, even sharing the backporch special, we had enough leftovers, along w/the extra biscuits they gave us, that I had cold bbq chicken on biscuits for the next 3 days.

you can smell the meat cooking from about 1/2 mile away and it's popular, so make reservations, if you can.  it has an outdoor porch that looked great for nice days, but the place gets filled up fast, they tell me.  we got lucky or maybe just ate early, so there was no wait.  also, lucille's is in a shopping center, totally unassuming, but I can't wait to return on our next trip to vegas to try something else on the intimidatingly big menu.  I recommend this place, hands down--it's worth the taxi ride/ drive.  seriously.
Went here with the family during a spring break trip to Vegas. After a long trip to and from the Grand Canyon, we were all ready to eat. First of all, the portions are huge! My wife had a BBQ ribs appetizer (4 nice-sized meaty ribs), the in laws had southern fried chicken and a meat dinner and I had smoked salmon. We all agreed that the food was excellent! If you're in Vegas and you want some BBQ, go to Lucille's!
We always have great food & service......
Hubby was dying for trying Lucille's and we were nearby... And, though it was Saturday night, it was early enough.... So I said "why not?" ... Two words I will forever regret now.

Instant seating, and then the host walked us through the restaurant & out the back door, then through all of the patio seating to a table next to the front door.  Brilliant!  We should have kept walking... (sigh)

Hubby's sweet tea wasn't, so he added sugar... And the biscuits & apple butter were seriously nom.  The 1/2 appetizer platter sounded like a good solution to appetizer confusion, but it was... Boring.  Almost everything was fried & needed salt to have any flavor.  They even managed to make Fried Green Tomatoes boring, which was a big disappointment since I LOVE FGT.  Sad.

Entrees eventually arrived.  Mine was the center cut pork chop, billed as juicy & flavorful - two lies right there.  It was a thick cut hockey puck, totally inedible.  The accompanying vegetables were cold, the garlic mashed potatoes had no flavor anywhere, but the whiskey-apples were tasty.  Hubby had the Back Porch trio, baby back ribs, briscuit & chicken.  All of it was dry but the flavor was good on the chicken & ribs.  His sides were baked beans (tasty) and peanut slaw (tasteless).

Our server, Art, offered to remove my entree from the bill so it came to about $50 for the two of us.

The best part?  Hubby saying he never wants to eat there again, because I totally agree.
Good BBQ! Better than famous daves. Best brisket ive ever had.
I have been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally did.  It was a Thursday night and we were seated right away.  Our server was friendly but not as attentive as I would have liked so for that, minus one half star.  I ordered the baby back ribs which were very tasty with a light smoky flavor and just the right amount of bbq sauce.  I ordered a strawberry lemonade and it was soooooo good. Just the right amount of strawberry, not too tart.  I thought the biscuits and butter were just ok, but I really don't care for those thick dense Southern style biscuits much.  And the butter to me just tasted off, like when I tried it, I couldn't tell if I liked it.  But they lose one and a half stars for running out of the mashed potatoes and when we were brought our entree, were told it would be only a few minutes.  Well, it's not like I ate super fast or anything but at the end of the meal, the mashed potatoes still hadn't arrived.  I told the server to just put them in a to go container.  The thing that disappointed me most was we were not offered a discount on our meal for not having the mashed with our meal.  I did not want my entire meal to be free, but knocking off a few bucks without me having to ask should have been a given.  This really disappointed me, and sort of left a bad taste in my mouth.  I may try Lucille's again, but they are pretty pricey so maybe I will give them one more try for lunch or something.
This is about as good as it gets in Vegas.  It's definitely more upscale for a BBQ joint.  The BBQ here is really good but a little pricey.  The good thing is the portions are ENORMOUS.  

We shared a 3 meat combo (St Louis Ribs, Chicken, and swapped Tri-Tip for Brisket).  It came with 2 sides for 27.99.  

Everything was great.  The chicken was so moist, brisket not dry, and the ribs were very tasty.  We really enjoyed the biscuits with apple butter - be sure to ask for more.

I am a BBQ snob so if anyone knows of a better place (not named Buzz), please message me.  

Till then i'll keep coming back here :8
Loved the biscuit with honey butter, especially the fact that they just kept on coming. I got the brisket dinner and my friends both ordered the pulled pork sandwich. I liked mine, save for the fact that it was served luke warm. The sides were all pretty run of the mill. My friends both didn't complain about their dishes, but didn't seem too crazy about them either. Service and prices were both average. 

After trying both Lucille's and Famous Daves, I'd go back to Daves if I was hungry for some brand name BBQ.
Good food
Oh Lucille's, how I adore you... you have never done me wrong. I have eaten there a handful of times, and while the ribs aren't my all time favorite, there are some excellent choices on the menu... 

Megan M. and I were trying to decide on a place near GVR to meet up with our husbands for some drinks, and since I have had such great experiences at Lucille's in the past I suggested we meet up there. Lucille's happy hour is from 3 to 7 Monday-Friday, and is available in the bar area only, but offers great deals on both drinks and food. 

I started out with the strawberry lemonade, which is alcoholic but sure didn't taste like it. Two of those went down very, very easily. My husband and I split two orders of the sliders, which were $3.99 for 2. You get your choice of bbq beef, pulled pork or buffalo chicken. The pulled pork was my pick, it was overflowing with lots of pork covered in tangy, tasty bbq sauce. I snagged a piece of the buffalo chicken from my husband and it tasted more like bbq then buffalo sauce to me, but he didn't complain about it.

The only negative aspect of our visit was the slowness of our server. My husband and I arrived after Megan and her husband had already sat down and ordered drinks, and it took a while for someone to notice we were there with nothing to sip on. As the night progressed the bar area got more and crowded (people just standing by the bar to take advantage of the drink prices) so if you want to sit down to enjoy your grub, arrive early!
We came here after my niece's 1st Communion. We got there not long after they opened but we still had to wait about 10 minutes to get the table ready. Lu was our server and he was pretty peppy. 

After taking our drink orders..it seemed like FOREVER until he came back with our drinks and biscuits. Granted we did have more than 15 people in our party but another server helped out and brought out ONE cup of coffee to help Lu out.

After handing out all of our drinks we were ready with our orders. My sis and I ordered the BBQ Two Meat Combo Platter with beef ribs and St. Louis ribs. For our sides we got the mac and cheese and braised greens.

It's been awhile since I've been to a Lucille's but I did remember that their biscuits were good and their drinks are served in large mason jars. The strawberry lemonade was a little on the sweet side but still good. My sister ordered a Peach Moon which had Blue Moon beer, peach schnapps, and orange juice. I had a taste of it and it was really good.

Our food came not too long after which we were very relieved we didn't have to wait that long compared to our drinks. The beef ribs were tasty. However the ribs weren't consistent. One was tender while the other was overcooked and tough. I've come to the realization that I don't like St. Louis ribs. This was probably the third time trying it and it's not my cup of tea. Unless all three places just didn't cook them right. The mac and cheese was just ok, as well as the greens. I tried some of the sweet potato friends and those were sooooo good! My sis and I both agreed it's probably one of the best we've had. They were very crispy but still was creamy when you bit into it. I also liked the Cajun spice sprinkled on it.

For dessert we shared a red velvet cake a la mode. Unfortunately they forgot the ice cream but served it after. The cake was just ok to me. The frosting was a little too sweet for me. 

Overall it was a good meal and besides the slow beginning, Lu was friendly and attentive. I'm not from Vegas so I probably won't come back to this location but I'd go back to the one in my area. The Peach Moon is a very refreshing drink!
Have you ever just craved meat? I mean meat fest? Man, I get these cravings from time to time. For some reason I really wanted to have BBQ, real BBQ, just a hunkering for sweet meat. I remember that I had eaten at Lucille's in Cerritos and wondered if they had one in Vegas. When I found out there was one in Henderson I was licking my chops. 

I had the Back Porch. This consists of half a chicken, tri tip and ribs. I got the beef ribs. The trip tip was awesome, just wish there was more of it. The half chicken was not my speed. It was just too much meat and well it was chicken. Now, the ribs, AMAZING. So juicy, moist and delectable. I kept chewing on the ribs like a dog they were so good. The sides were great too, really creamy coleslaw and awesome potato salad. Sweet tea could have been sweeter but was fine by me. 

The Memphis sauce was awesome. I just needed this meat fix and boy I was happy I got it.
We had rib tips, fried okra, chicken, brisket, smoked artichoke and it was all soooo good.  The sweet tea was excellent too. Good portion size, excellent service from Ashley, glad we beat the crowd.
For a good time, call Lucille!

I get really excited about visiting my mom's place in Henderson because it means that I get to go to Lucille's for some hard-core comfort food.  Lucille's is always dependable for fun southern drinks and a satisfying meat fest with all kinds of fixin's.  

Rolls and apple butter are complimentary.  Start with some fried dill pickles.  Then move on to any kind of BBQ meat imaginable with mac and cheese, collard greens, okra, cole slaw, or baked beans, to name a few.  I particularly like their house original BBQ sauce, although there are a few to choose from. 

I've always had decent service and the atmosphere is fun. Live blues plays on weekend evenings in the bar.
This place used to be excellent when they first opened several years ago. The quality and service have gone way down and the prices have gone way up. Is not a good value at all.
Came here for Memorial Day (big thanks to our service folks) and boy it was good. I order from the happy hour menu and I ended up taking most of my food home ,since I was talking the whole time at the bar( plus I'm a light eater). The Cajun Fish Tacos were good & fresh. The slider's where good as well and I enjoyed the BBQ sauce.  Also order a hurricane and it was on point- it remind me of trip to New Orleans. The onion straws were good as well, but the servings were too large for me. I ate a few and trashed the rest when I got home. The bartender's servers were great and they provided excellent service. I will be come here again. Eat drink and be merry folks.
This tends to be a fall back for me with BBQ. I keep trying other places, and come back here afterwards.  I've been here at least 10 times and the service has always been great. The food is very consistent, and is delicious!! The BBQ always tender, and everything else fresh.  The decor also kind of cute. The meal is finished with some hot (really, be careful) towels. No wet naps here.  It may be a little more than you wanted to spend on a lunch hour from work, but definitely worth it.
Yum!!!  HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!
Some of the best, quality bbq in town. A tad over priced and if you go after 6pm, there is going to be a wait. Highly suggest a call ahead reservation. The brisket is awesome, also the pulled pork, fried chicken, and smoked salmon is great. I love their sweet tea with mint. For sides, the mashed sweet potatos are delish.
Best bbq this side of the south. Baby back ribs are slap yo mama good with the meat falling off the bone. Tri tip is another favorite. Come visit and try them... see ya there.
In a word... underwhelmed. I came in here with high expectations, though, so it's not really fair.

The portion sizes were massive, the drinks were good... but I was definitely underwhelmed by the quality of the BBQ... to the point that I didn't finish my meal, and it wasn't because I wasn't hungry.

Maybe I hit this place on an off day. It's worth eating at, but I don't get the hype of the "OHHHHH MY GOD I CAME MYSELF FROM EATING HERE."
I love this place!! The food is amazing, The ribs, my god, the ribs. You leave very full and happy. I love the hot towel they give at the end of the meal. The briskets and sweet butter are so good. I always bring some home to have with coffee the next morning. I love the fried pickle chips! Very kid friendly. I always look forward to eating here.
This is my favorite bbq place in the LV area. The hot and spicy bbq sauce is one of the best Ive ever had. I highly recommend the tri-tip sandwich.
Pork ribs were amazing and so was the Cole slaw! Service started out slow but finished strong.  We had two people who are kosher and they were so accommodating!  Kudos for that!!
All time favorite in Green Valley for BBQ.  Been enjoying the brisket & pulled pork since they opened back in 2003(?)

Service is always good even when the wait time is long.  We went last week on a Wed. night and ended up eating in the bar which isn't a bad thing at all.

Fried Green Tomatoes is a GREAT starter with a margarita!

The better half had the ribs but still feel that Tony Roma's has the best ribs head to head.  I might concur.  But for gooooood smoked beef brisket, NO ONE can match Lucille's!
I have always had a love for their BBQ chicken. It is seriously the best around. It must be brined, smoked and treated with all kinds of love. The chicken is always tender and juicy and loaded with flavor. Brushed with just enough sauce and with a nice crisp grilled skin. 

I also love the gigantic mason jars they use for drinks, never need to ask for a refill which is always a plus.

How do they always pick such perfectly ripe watermelon?
So maybe I've been spoiled growing up with good BBQ as well as traveling to the BBQ meccas like Memphis, Texas, and the Carolinas, but I was not very impressed with this place.  I went tonight with my parents, as it was their last night in town and Yelp said this place was supposed to be good.  Service was fine, right up until they got my parents order wrong.  It took so long to remake their order that we ended up canceling it because I had already finished eating by that point, that's how long it took.  Can someone explain to me why it takes so long to make dry ribs and "dry" pulled pork?!  It was ridiculous.

Now on to the food we actually did get to eat.  The chicken wings were probably the best part of the dinner, we got them dry, and they were crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, excellently done.  The rib tips were ok, nothing special, but it was nice that they weren't to fatty.  The brisket was so smoked that there was barely any beef flavor there, mainly just smoke and bbq sauce, which made me wonder... The hot links were pleasantly spicy, but for some reason the casing didn't have much "snap" to it.  I had trouble piercing it with my fork.  I did like the sweet tea that I had, it was served with mint which was nice and went well.  Also like that they served the tea in a mason jar.

On the whole, I would give the food 2 stars, but due to the service and everything else, 1 star or less.  I will not be coming back to eat here unless dragged.
My son & daughter and their families took me to Lucille's for a surprise birthday dinner. This was my first time there, but my daughter & family  had eaten there before. We had 9 in our party and no one had any problems with the service or food, everything was "great"! I grew up in Texas where BarBQue is King, but the food at Lucille's is as good or better. I had their fried okra, the best I've ever eaten! I also had the smoked beef brisket, it was so gooood. Their sweeten iced tea comes with mint and served in a gigantic mason jar, the flavor was unbeatable. I look forward to going back again the next time in Henderson.
This is the second Lucille's location I've ever been to...  I'm not the biggest fan, but there's worse out there.

First off, I must rave about their strawberry lemonade.  It's served in those great big jars and it's bright pink, sweet and refreshingly delicious in the summertime.  I had two jars...  The pre-dinner biscuit (singular) reminded me a lot of the ones at KFC...probably my least favorite item.  I ordered a combo of baby back ribs, brisket and pulled pork.  The ribs were great (next time I'm ordering a full rack), the brisket and pulled pork were kinda...meh.  But that strawberry lemonade...hot damn, it made it all worthwhile.

So yeah, not the greatest place, but if you're a rib fan, I'd say go for it.
Went there with my girlfriend to finally round out the Big 3 in town. Memphis, Famous Dave's, and then this one. (I'm sure I'm missing out on others like TC's, but those 3 are the ones that usually come out of everyone's mouth here in town). Memphis was a joke. Never again. Dave's I've been to on 3 occasions, so far so good. They had a lapse at their Galleria Mall location, but i gave them a pass since the joint had just opened up a few days earlier. Since then, their ribs were great. 

I came here with high expectations as well. I guess you can say I was saving the "best" for last. The biscuits we got before the meal and that sweet butter was not my cup of tea. I'm sure there are some that LOVE it, I don't. I like my spreads on the salty side. I ordered the St. Louis ribs because according to the waitress (who i thought was good), they were the fattier rib. I'm a fan of fatty meats so I went with it. I ordered the 2 meat combo platter with my girlfriend so the other meat was brisket. The brisket was worth coming back for, LOVED IT, but I don't go to rib joints to eat brisket. The area where we give the 2 stars in, are the ribs. TERRIBLE. It felt like i was eating a beef jerky with a bone in it. Not meaty at all. The portion was small, too! I know there are others here that say their portions are big. If you think theirs is big, than Famous Dave's would make you faint in how big it is. When the plate came, we seriously thought we had another plate coming. We didn't. 

I'll take the brisket and the soda (which I think is awesome when it's served in those "jar" glasses) as their positives. Also the fact that they had Ginger Ale was great. But the ribs were a mess. Never again.
Without a doubt...the best barbecue I have ever had in my life!...and I've been around. Everything I have had there is far beyond delicious! The ribs (all varieties), hot links, tri-tip, pulled pork, corn on the cob, slaw...top notch all the way!

I only have one question...famous who??
Went hear based on several recommendations from my friends who raved about this place.  I was let down by my experience here.  Ribs were NOT tender and on the fatty side.  Have not been back and don't plan on going back.
This was not a pleasant dining experience.

Once we were seated it took 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge our existence. That's unacceptable, especially for a mid-tier priced restaurant that ended up being $30 a person (with alcohol). 

My friend and I split a half order of the appetizer platter and a 2 meat combo deal with bbq ribs, brisket, mac-n-cheese, and sweet potato, with meat-sauced-drenched watermelon in the middle. The first part of the meal felt like this http://bit.ly/qVmIqr, there was an over-abundance of fried food. The second part was just way too much; toward the end, I only ate because I didn't want to the food to go to waste. The food was significantly less quality than past experiences I've had here. The ribs were burnt to a crisp and the brisket tasted old.

I'd pass on this place. At this point, I feel that Buzz is the King of Vegas BBQ.

EDIT: The owner just contacted me after my last review, and frankly I am very grateful of respectful customer service. The food has been the best BBQ in Vegas in the past and I look forward to trying it again soon.
You would think I would go to Lucille's for BBQ.  But, no, I go for their Fried Chicken.  It is two perfectly cooked boneless breasts in a crisp crust.  But the white gravy that comes with it is incredible.  I could drink a cup of it.
Lucille's has the best barbecue in town. I tried other items that were excellent such as the marinated steak in steak gravy and the fried chicken with pan gravy. I love the fried green tomatoes and cheese grits as well.
Oh man I am still hurting. I swear i gain like 10 lbs. Dinner for 7 came out to be about close to $200 with tip. The tri tip was good but everything seemed a little to sweet but good. One of my friends order the greens for his sides he said he like them so much that next time he wants 2 of the same sides. I had corn on the cob and show string fries good. I tasted the salmon salad was really good and was very large. My other friend ordered a pork ribs full order and we watched him knock it out as well over all a good place to eat. service very friendly and quick.
Food was delicious. I ordered fried pickles, fried okra,  BBQ chicken, beef ribs and tri tip. Everything was good except the tri tip, a bit dry for my taste. The BISCUITS IS TO DIE FOR. I asked 4 baskets. Sooo yummy!!! They were so packed it took us 2 hrs to finally get out of there. It took them forever to bring us our food.
Katie our server was great, she blabbed on about smoking meat and sausages but was very attentive and pleasant. The riiibs were great and came out very quick, everything was good grub and grog
I had to bump up my rating due to a manager contacting me and apologizing for my experience.  I appreciate the fact that businesses really do care about their customers and the service they receive.  That is a rare find these days.
This is the best place for BBQ~ not only is next to Green Valley casino~ It has these screened room's sorta like backyard patio style! 
The ribs are out of this world, baked beans and corn on the cob!!! 
I like the beer selection here it's served ice cold & there lemonade is screaming good!!! bring an appetite... then hit the casino~
Usually to get the best BBQ you have to find one of those "hole in the wall" spots.  Lucille's is an exeption to that rule.  Even though it's a chain restaurant it has that "hole in the wall" feeling.  

Although we did have to wait a bit even though it wasn't that busy, the experience was a good one.  They started us off with Biscuits and this cinnamon honey butter stuff that was delicious!  We ordered the fried green tomato's  which were excellent.  They were breaded and fried to perfection while the inside still had a bite to it!  Then we did the two meat meal; we chose the BBQ tri tip and beef brisket, partnered with the honey peanut slaw and sweet potatoe fries.  I gotta say, I don't know if it was what we picked or if it's just that good but it was some of the best BBQ and sides that I have had in a while.  The Tri tip melted in your mouth and the beef brisket had just a touch of chewiness to it that held up to the sauces and was quite nice on it's own.

Overall a great experience that I will go back for, just make sure to bring your appetite!!!
Came here for lunch. Lunch was good but nothing i would rave about. BUT I'm also not a BBQ fan.  My hubby is and why we went.  He did rave about the different kinds of BBQ sauces on the table and enjoyed all. Service was fast and attentive.
Everything about this place reminds you of a small town BBQ places in the south.  Mason jars for drinking glasses, the decorations, and the smell.  You know you walked into a good BBQ place by the smell!!!!  Everything i have had so far on the menu is delicious!!!  from the biscuts and cinnamon butter, to the fried pickles, to the entrees, and dessert!  The only complaint i have is that it is a bit of a drive for me but well worth it!
After losing pocket aces at green valley ranch, I needed a place to get my hopes back up and lucilles sure did that.  AMAZING food and service.  The peanut slaw is to die for.
To be honest, I'm not an expert in BBQ field.. but I do enjoy eating them since I'm the biggest carnivore. I really tried soooo hard to like this place past couple years, but you can't convince me if you consistantly serve me overcooked meat! 

-Full rack of babyback ribs (almost $30) had no meat, and it I tasted meat, it was so overcooked to the point where it was hard to chew. And it's the same way every time I ordered ribs here. I want the fall-off-the-bone tender meat just like I see on the travel channel!
-Chicken wings: I know, I ordered them because the server insisted that they're the best in town. it was just average chicken wings that I can microwave at home.
-Smoked Chicken Pasta: This was the best tasting dish surprisingly. BUT it was very greasy. My pasta was basically floating in oil...


Where can I get decent BBQ in Vegas?? :(
THE BOMB! It could be that I am pregnant and my taste buds go crazy over BBQ or this place is just plain GOOD!

We ordered the Backyard Feast for 89.99. It was more than enough to feed 4 adults and a child. The baby back ribs were very succulent. So much that writing about it is making my mouth water. For sides we ordered roasted garlic mashed potatoes, southern braised greens, macaroni and cheese, and fried. OH cant forget to mention that the homemade biscuits with apple butter is so good. All the sides were fresh and importantly, good LOL

We went on a Saturday night and the wait was not bad at all. We got our drinks a few minutes after we sat down. After we made our order, we received the sides and order within 10 - 15 minutes. 

The only bad thing about this place was that there were people smoking at the entrance and I thought that it was very rude because there was a smoking area a few yards away from the door. So if you smoke please be considerate and smoke in the designated area. Kids and people who are pregnant don't want second hand smoking. I give it a three star because of this. I couldn't enjoy sitting outside in the patio area without smelling the smoke. Also parking sucks here.
Vegas (and Henderson) isn't known for it's BBQ, so Lucille's qualifies as one of the better spots in town. Sure, it's a chain, but it's one that serves up some pretty decent food.

The complimentary biscuits were ok, but I would have preferred cornbread. We shared a whole rack of baby back ribs ($26.99) with sides of coleslaw and BBQ beans. The ribs were tender and smokey with a bit of char  that gave it an added crispy texture. The beans were a bit spicy and the coleslaw was underdressed and bland.

We also got a side salad ($2.49) and a baked potato ($2.99) -- both typical and mediocre fare.

Our kid had the chicken fingers ($5.75) -- hand-breaded strips with ranch dressing on the side. He seemed happy enough with them and the fries, which I stole several of, were deliciously crispy and light.

Add a Fat Tire ($5.25) and a margarita ($6) to the dinner and it wasn't exactly a cheap meal. With the tip, dinner for the three of us came out to over $64. It satisfied a craving for BBQ, but I still prefer Buzz BBQ and Famous Dave's.

The atmosphere is what you would expect from a BBQ chain -- tchotchkes and flair everywhere with a southern feel. It's a fairly large restaurant in The District area of Green Valley Ranch with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating, but expect a wait on weekend nights.
I'm a little angry at this place. I love the food and always tell people about it. The last time I went however was a service nightmare. What really set it off was was the 20 minute wait to sit down. We had a group of 7 and when I looked around most seats were occupied. But the enclosed porch was empty. I figured they just didn't have anyone working that section. 20 minutes later they sit us down in this very spot. While waiting at the bar I felt invisible as well as the rest of my party. Once I did get my water getting another was near impossible. So i went and refiled my glass in the bathroom. The bar tender was so focused on his duties that he tried to pour a draft upside down.  It really wasn't that busy.  Same problem with the waitress. Didn't notice empty glass's and it seemed to be different waitress through the duration of the dinner. Once again I gave up and went to the bathroom to refill my glass. She finally noticed some empties at the end of the dinner.  My guess is the staff is trained to be so charming that they loose their focus to detail. I love the food here but did not have a good time. I'll be back but I hope this was just an off day for them.
Ok food and atmosphere, but a bit overpriced.  I've had better, authentic, "Bar-B-Que," at a hole in the wall place for half the price.  

Pro: Their menu offers a lot of different things.  Not just bar-b-que.
Convenient if you're planning to be in the District at Green Valley.
It seems that the atmosphere is what you're paying for.

Con: Overpriced.  I don't mind paying for good food.  But it seems mediocre.  
Ex: $5 lemonade.
Service was outstanding and the food was excellent.  Salads were very good for the dieters in the group, though everything else was quite fattening, but yummy.
The food here is AWESOME!! Enjoyed everything we ate! We will definitely be going back!
I know BBQ and I say this is the one of the best in the valley.  Melts in your mouth.  I AM NOT KIDDING.  The pink lemonade is really good.  After you eat here, you should go see a movie and let your body enjoy all the food that you have just consumed.  Worry tomorrow about the weight that you have added.
I've been here twice and so far the tri-tip and brisket are my favorite.  I'll be back.
Food is great. Deep fried pickles are awesome, brisket and portobello mushroom sandwich is another good choice. Make sure to save room for their bread pudding. Service was terrible in bar, I normally eat in dining area but it was Sunday so I wanted to watch football, never again seemed like it was a bother for the bartender to have to wait on me. I had to ask for silverware and condiments, only as I was putting on my coat was I offered a refill on my tea. The food is great but eat in the dining room.
I went to have dinner today and my family and I had no problems. My rating has moved from 3 to 4. Keep it up Lucille's and you'll have 5 from me in no time!
On my third visit, I had gotten take out.  There wasn't anyone at the counter, but the girl finally came, although I wasn't ready to order yet.  She left and said to call her when I was ready to order.  I figured she would come back after a few minutes but she never came back so I had to ask the hostess to get her.  We finally ordered, the food took awhile and there seemed to be an issue with my gift card.  The manager came over, and was super polite and was able to show her how to ring up my order.  This was going to be the first time my husband has eaten Lucille's and he was not impressed at all.  I didn't enjoy my food as much either, but I figured it was because it wasn't piping hot from the oven by the time I got home.  I agree with other reviews that the food is pricey for what you get.  But, their lemonade still rocks and will be ordering that when I am in the area.  I think I will only dine in if I ever eat here again.
I seriously need to stay away from this place.  They are really making it difficult to go back to being a vegetarian.  The food is beyond delicious. The staff is amazing! They even know how to prepare fish/seafood well.   Go figure.  FYI not a good place to go if your worried about calories.
Excellent food, drinks and service, can't wait to return.
I was craving some bar-b-que, some real good smoked meat and they delivered! I'm not a fan of many chain restaurants but I gave them a shot. Friendly service, good beer and good meat.

I ordered the sample lunch special, your choice of one rib and two other meats plus a side. I had the beef ribs, hot link and brisket. The sauce on the ribs was good, sweet, tangy and tender meat. The link had a great spicy kick and not at all greasy. Brisket could be cut with a fork and great with one of their custom sauces available at each table. Their pale ale was a bit hoppy but most micro brews are. I tried the fried pickles, the batter was light and tasty but I wasn't a big fan. The potato salad and peanut coleslaw were excellent sides so all in all this was a great meal.

Lunch special prices were very good. I hope to return and check out their live music sometime soon.
We had a large group birthday dinner here couple months ago. I am not big fan of BBQ food so I ordered a tri tip salad and grilled artichoke. Tri tip salad came in very big portion with special BBQ sauce. My artichoke was done perfectly. And I loved their free biscuits with spiced honey butter!! It was so good, I didn't finish my salad because I had 3 biscuits that night. Our waiter was very friendly and efficient. He even separated everyone's bill for us in the end (we had 23 people in the party). It's a great place for large group dinning.
Great Happy Hour!  Went for late happy hour and was treated to good food, good beer and great prices.  They also had live music for an added bonus.  The only disappointment in the food department was the rib tips.  They were a bit dry and not a great deal for the price.  Other than that, everything else was good.  

The atmosphere was another pleasant surprise.  The decor makes you feel as if you were in the South, without the bugs and humidity.
I LOVE Lucilles!

I always get either the pulled brisket, or the texas style brisket on a plate with veggies or baked potato.. and a big glass of strawberry lemonade..

Their  TO-Go is also very convenient.. 

Prices are reasonable.. Ambiance is great, during the weekend they have live music/band playing music int he bar area.
No waiting in bar area for lunch. Ordered the beef brisket sandwich and potato salad and sweet tea. 
Sandwich was hot and shredded brisket was lean and tasty. Comes with very ligght sauce so you can adjust it to your taste with the 3 tabletop BBQ sauces.
Great side order options, try thre potato salad and mac  n cheese,. Definately upper end BBQ joint with medium to upper end prices and worth it.
Friend's fam was in town and we surely went-to-town and went ALL IN, baby!

Got the appetizer sampler which consisted of fried pickles, fried onion strings, fried green tomatoes, fried chicken strips...basically FRIED HEAVEN!!!!!
I was excited to try the fried green tomatoes as I had no clue what that would taste like. And it was...fried-green-tomatoes. Stupidly, simple as that. lol

Got the sampler platter for the main course. It had tri-tip, baby back ribs, bbq chicken, a watermelon and mac and cheese as our sides. Lemme tell you that after our appetizer platter, I was pretty much dunzo. But, had to shovel some ribs, and mac in cheese in me.

Love their sauces on the table. Full bottles of regular bbq, spicy bbq, and sweet bbq. I like to mix the regular with the spicy!

Again, our server was a sweetheart! Always with the refills of sweet tea and other delish alcoholic beverages we had on hand =)
Yum yum, give me some more!

I hardly ever feel like eating barbecue, but after listening to one of my friends go on about how incredibly delicious Lucille's is, I had to check it out for myself. There was no wait at all when we went and we got our orders in right away: one sweet tea, water, onion straws ($8.79), and BBQ Beef Ribs ($28.99 for 7 bones). Our entree was served with homemade biscuits and two sides (macaroni and roasted garlic mashed potatoes). The apple butter and biscuits might've been my favorite part of the whole meal. I wasn't very fond of the onion straws, but that's because I never really am. Don liked them a lot though. The sweet tea was very tasty and refreshing, but didn't come with free refills, so we just nursed it. The beef ribs were very hearty and mouthwatering. They were well cooked and very tender as well. Definitely the best ribs I've had at a restaurant in a good while. Even though the food was awesome, I'll admit I think the place is a tad overpriced, which is why I'd probably only come here a few times in a year. 

Tips
*Sign up for their email list to get $5 off your next meal
*Happy hour! 3-7pm Monday through Friday and 9pm 'til close
Interim review:

I have had Lucille's many times catered by my various employers (I work in this area) and it has always been spectacular. This, my first visit in, was not. The restaurant, service, location, cleanliness etc... we're all very good. The barbecue, however, was not particularly moist or flavorful. It was average. This broke my heart somewhat. Maybe it was a new guy in the kitchen, maybe the oven needs to be adjusted. Maybe the pigs and cows of the world are in drought plagued areas?

 I look forward to returning and rewriting this review.
I was recently in Las Vegas for a convention. 

My nephew, a Henderson local, took me out there for dinner.

The Place was really busy, but they were fast & efficient. 

Live Blues players on hand..

The food was GREAT & the dessert was BETTER. 

I had the artichoke appetizer, the LARGE order bbq tri-tip with beans & greens - followed by the chocolate cake.

Did I mention the biscuits? They were wonderful!!

Definitely worth the trip.
Went last night. We have bben several times and find just about everything pretty darn good. Last two times for me has been Mardi Gras Chicken. Funny, we were joking about the issue that just happenned at Heart Attack Grill in LV (where a guy eating there had a heart attack) and right in the middle of that they set down my plate----which became not so funny when I wondered just how many calorie this giant plate of deep fried chicken breasts and loads of other stuff contained. Anyway, find the food there is almost always very good. Not the best barbeque I have ever had, and to me seems a little pricey (for a rack of ribs) but overall a good choice. 4 stars for the food, and 5 stars for our waiter, a young man named Brian. If I managed that place, I would be doing what I could to keep him around. Will keep going back. A tip for those that didn't know already. Costco sells Lucilles gift cards locally that are $80 for a $100 face value. About the only way you are going to get a discount here.
Having eaten here twice my last review I can confidently say that 9 times out of 10 the BBQ here was amazing, even for someone who loves good barbecue.  Even when it's mediocre (in my demanding opinion) it's pretty damn good. 

Just a warning to the barbecue layman: there is bones in the barbecue as is the custom in many barbecue traditions. They are usually edible (not the rib bones obviously) but this is BBQ tradition and not Lucille's laziness. Lucille's is not lazy.

Protip: The burgers might actually be better than the barbecue. THEYRE AMAZING.
2nd Protip: The Garlic Mashed Potatoes are cooked by angels and then flown down from heaven. That's the only explanation for them.
Awesome barbecue joint.  It's kinda pricey so go with an appetite.  I've been about 4 times and ate at the bar.  No complaints
So delish!
Biscuit is soooo good! BBQ ribs excellent,  baby back ribs excellent, chicken excellent , brisket excellent but portion was a little small, the sauce for the artichoke excellent, sides were all good but BOY SWEET POTATO FRIES are amazing!
The food was great but I found the price way too high.  I wanted the beef ribs but I will not pay $22.99 for 3 beef ribs.  The food deserves a higher star rating but between the high prices and the 45 minute wait I was not really happy.  I smoked my own ribs the next night for 4 people for not much more than the cost of 1 meal at this place.  Its nice for a night out but you won't be able to afford the movie after, LOL.
Atmosphere was great. Staff was friendly and helpful. Food was very good and fast. Well definitely return again!
Maybe I was expecting too much but I was told this was the BBQ place to go.  There is a sister restaurant in LA and I heard good things about that restaurant as well.  I had the rib tips to start and they were a little sour and just tasted like meat. I went for the triple platter special which had tri-tip, ribs and something else. They all were ok and I found the meat was a little tough. The mac and cheese was spot on though. 

The service was horrible!  Our back waiter was initially really good. He got our drink orders and even gave us some tips on what to order. Then we never saw him or our waiter throughout the rest of our meal.  We had to flag down other servers for drinks and our check.  The sad part about it was the restaurant wasn't terribly busy and our section was practically empty. Terrible service always makes me never want to go back to a restaurant.
Mmmmm BBQ... so good. Great spot in Henderson to really pig out on some well cooked meats. Wonderful ribs, I always get a full rack of baby backs (26.99 vs a half rack at 23.99... seriously just pay the extra $3 and take any you cant finish home people!!!) The sweet tea is also a favorite of mine. Chicken wings here are ---Spicy--- and delicious. Creamy coleslaw is something I will also order and pick up from here it is so wonderful. I've never had a bad experience here service wise. Only thing holding this place back from a 5/5 is that its just a generic kind of chain, it doesn't have that extra umph or character to set it apart especially in this unique town.

If you want good BBQ and are in Green Valley, I don't think there is anywhere else you should go.
after hearing much hype, we had to try this while staying in vegas..it was a friday night, and the place was getting busy...we were seated, then the server took the drink order and brought the drinks...took the food order for a beef sandwich and pulled pork sandwich, which is the hallmark food for me when it comes to judging 'Q' restrauants...the sandwiches came, overflowing with meat..we thought this was great, BUT, the meat was way overcooked and almost like mush...like it had sat in broth all day..broken down, no texture and watery tasting...the biscuits were good, but didn't care for the spread, which tasted like cool whip with cinnamon in it...the 'greens' were delish though...would give the food a 2.5 and the server the same, as he sat our food down and ignored us until bill time....will we come back? ummmmmmm no...
We went here for the first time last evening for dinner because we had seen reviews that they had one of the best veggie burgers in town. I know, it is a bbq joint, but what can I say: we don't eat meat :) That being said, we really had a great meal and will be back. I got the portabello sandwich and hubby got the veggie burger. Both sandwiches were juicy and flavorful. We also got the spinach and artichoke dip for an appetizer and enjoyed that as well. Service was quick and friendly without being intrusive.
First trip to Lucille's was while we were on a trip to Vegas. Lucille's was close to our hotel in Henderson, so we decided to check it out. First off they have the best strawberry lemonade (only second to Cracker Barrell) I have ever had. My husband and I both got the Trip Tip sandwich, AMAZING! The bbq sauces they have a awesome and the food was great. We will definitely be back to Lucille's, in California though :)
I think I hyped myself up too much for the place, so a little disappointed in the end.  I started off with a Back Porch Strawberry Lemonade... good lemonade with some vodka, can't ask for a more refreshing alcoholic drink.  For the entree I ended up sticking with the Back Porch theme and ordered the Back Porch entree which included Ribs, Chicken & Tri Tip Platter and two sides... yeah I'm a fat-ass, I don't deny it.  Anyways, the tri tips were overcooked; the bbq chicken was very good, but needed more sauce and the ribs were perfect.  For the sides I got the mac & cheese and the sweet mashed potatoes, which our server said were their two best items.  The potatoes were a little too sweet and almost tasting like pie filling, the mac and cheese was basically flavorless, so was very disappointed by that.  Ah well, I tried it and it was ok, I'm sure I'd give it a second chance at some point... probably just get the ribs on their own.  Also, the biscuits with the apple butter... awesome.
Lucille's is our favorite place for BBQ!

We've come here for lunch,dinner, even Thanksgiving, and have had exceptional service every time. My boyfriend is a big fan of the tri tip, but everything we've ordered is awesome. We always try to make room for dessert, so we can order the Snickers Ice Cream Pie, but it never happens. I think we were able to share the Banana Pudding with Nilla Wafers, very yummy!

Highly recommend it! Eat to your heart's content, then take a walk around the District...
I used to not be a fan of this place but the last time I was here I really did enjoy my experience.  Yes, the interior is absolutely fabulous. Very southern home-like, I passed the porch area on the way to the bathroom and I felt like I was in Georgia. You can see in my picture it has whicker-furniture with a few rocking chairs.  Get my drift? I had the strawberry lemonade served in those mason jars. Very delish and the jar adds to that southern touch.  Just like everyone mentioned they probably serve some of the best biscuits, which is something I look forward to each time I come here.  I also love the fact they're pretty much unlimited and this visit I had 2. Wow not so good on my waist line considering the apple butter is amazing as well.  We came during lunch time so I ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich with mashed potatoes.  The sandwich was pretty tasty, good amount of BBQ sauce on it. I really like the crunch from the onion strings and I also like the fact they have a quarter of a pickle on the side. The mashed potatoes were okay, but nothing to do back flips over. The only downer about this place it's kinda pricey, but I suggest to go during lunch making it more reasonably priced.
What I had: Sweet Tea, Fried Pickles (appetizer), BBQ Sampler (entree) + 2 sides

Price: $40

Sweet Tea: GREAT, comes in a big Bass Mason Jar with actual fresh mint leaves in it. Most places don't go this far. Didn't even need a refill.

Fried Pickles: whole dill SPEARS fried. I honestly didn't like them as much because (1) The dills were too big. I prefer the little, oval shaped pickles (chips). (2) The fried outer shell falls off too easily. (3) They were incredibly hard to eat as they were to hard to pick up with a fork and too hot to touch with your hand. They were so hot, in fact, that when I bit into one, the juice came out and burned my tongue and lips. They weren't that great. the 2 dips (ranch, onion) was bland. "Famous Dave's BBQ" makes better fried pickles

BBQ Sampler: (1) Chicken: Juicy, no complaints (2) St. Louis Ribs: no complaints but I've had juicier ribs elsewhere that fall off the bone easily (3) Brisket: Good but it didn't have the TANGY taste of "T.C.'s Rib Crib" or the softness with extra BBQ of "Famous Dave's BBQ". the best part of Lucille's is the fact that they ACTUALLY grill all their food on an open flame and you can't hide that look, taste or feel. Most other places BAKE their so-called BBQ food. Their is a great deal of food, anough to feed 2, but I don't think it warrants a $30 price tag.

Mac-n-cheese (1 of 2 appetizers): Supposedly "homemade", it's GOOD but not great or not anything to write home about. "T.C.'s Rib Crib" has their own recipe and it's much better and "Famous Dave's BBQ" has a more "zazzier" mac.

Peanut Coleslaw: SUKT. it wasn't creamy at all. It tasted more like a cold salad with chopped peanuts on top. Greev Valley Ranch Feast Buffet has the best coleslaw.

(Freebie appetizer) Bread biscuit with honey/cinnamon/butter: Soft but dry. Their's doesn't compare to the taste of Memphis BBQs.

The Decor: this is where they shine. Their restaurant has a much more thematic southern feel than all others. The outside resembles the front porch of an old southern home while the 2 inside portions look like a Jazz/Blues Bar and a Southern restaurant on a sun deck

The waitresses/waiters: When I first walked in 2 waitresses CLEARLY saw me standing right in front of them right at the entrance which is shouldered on the left by the bar. Yet they acted like I was invisible. One of the ladies had a kid who (for some reason) was hanging out in the bar area!?!? The kid ran past me and jumped into his waitress mommy's arms as she CONTINUED to ignore me. I finally just walked past them and SAT MYSELF. Although I was sitting there with no FOOD menu, about 5 waiters walked past me, glancing at me but never stopping to take my order (not even my drink order) for a period of about 5 mins. the waitress that DID approach me was nice however (white or hipanic or mixed chick) short black ponytail. I thought the FIRST thing you do when a customer walks in is to seat them and hand them a menu??? Apparently they don't do that here.

Final Verdict: If you want better tasting "Southern Style" or "Soul" Food for a cheaper price try Famous Dave's, T.C.'s Rib Crib, or Memphis BBQ.
Yum - Barbecue!  Brought an out-of-town friend to the barbecue for lunch and it was awesome.  I had the barbecued chicken sandwich and the flavor was right on and the chicken was tender, and the bun was very fresh.  We had ribs as an appetizer and they were very Delicious and the meat just fell off the bone.  They have a wonderful children's menu with a variety for the little ones to choose.  I love the ambiance of Lucille's - I am so glad we came here before she left as she bought 3 bottles of barbecue to take home to California.  Thanks for a great lunch and thanks for the great service.
When I first moved to Nevada, I tried Lucille's and HATED it.  Thus, I was dismayed when my future in-laws came into town and just HAD to eat there.  Sigh.  

I guess this is a place where you just have to get the right thing.  The first time, my meat was dry and gag-worthy.  However, I ordered a brisket salad this time and absolutely fell in love with it.  My fiancé had the baby back ribs and just kept saying "wow" over and over.  Their tea is fantastic - the sweetened comes with a sprig of mint in it, while the unsweetened has a lemon wedge.  Perfect.

Oh, and to the poor waitress who was hit on by my perverted future FIL (in FRONT of the MIL, might I add)... I'm sorry you had to hide in the back and ask a big, BIG guy to bring our food out!
Came here with a large group last Saturday night. Parking was pretty ridiculous since the District is apparently a very popular destination. We started our meal with biscuits and apple butter, which were pretty yummy, as well as a salad with croutons and choice of four dressing (ranch, bleu cheese, balsamic, italian). Then they brought out an assortment of all kinds of meat, including pork ribs, beef ribs, pulled pork, and chicken. We also had a nice variety of sides, including french fries, sweet potato fries, mashed potatoes (surprisingly awesome), collard greens (not bad), and veggies.

I enjoyed mostly everything and was pleasantly surprised at how moist the chicken was. The sweet potato fries were not that impressive, although the normal ones were. I honestly could have done without the loud music, which makes it hard for anyone inside the building to have a conversation, and I found that the Memphis-style BBQ sauce was too tangy and almost seemed to have a metallic flavor. However, I really loved the normal BBQ sauce (and I avoided the other one because I'm not that much of a fan of spicy).

Lucille's is not perfect, but it's a really nice place on this side of town to enjoy American BBQ.
Cool vibe and atmosphere.  Really like that they have live bands.  The best bbq I've had in Vegas/Henderson area.
One of the best southern food places I have been to in the western states. Much better BBQ than the Famous place. The families favorite restaurant since moving to Henderson.
From Ashley our server, to the food...FANTASTIC!  The brisket was SO tender.  Although I had a horrible experience last time I was there.(May 2003) Ashley's great service and Lucille's hot food made up for it!  It was pricey but the quality makes it worth it!  If I want cheap garbage, I'll go to MCB.  For barbecue, it's Lucille's or nothing at all!  Makes Ellis Island's ribs, which have gone downhill look like trash. Ellis decided to cut back on quality.  Lucille's didn't.  Way to go!
A strong 5 stars!!!

I had been wanting to try this place for a while and finally did the other night. All I can say is wooow!!! It was everything I expected and more. 

I got the bbq two meat combo I got the baby back ribs and the spicy hot links and as my sides i got the baked beans and the mac n cheese. The ribs were falling off the bone and the bbq sauce was delicious so sweet and flavorful, the hot links were nice and spicy. As far as the sides the mac n cheese was creamy cheesy goodness and the baked beans were sweet and had a lil kick also very good. Oh and it comes with a slice of watermelon which just happend to be the sweetest juiciest watermelon ive ever had. I also grabbed a few bites of my bf's mashed potatoes and omg they were sooo creamy and delicious. To wash this mouth water meal down I had sweet tea with my meal which was just as delicious as the meal. 

I was oooing and awwwing the entire meal I went there expecting a great meal and thats exactly what i got. They have good quality food, huge portions, and good service.

Its a lil pricey for bbq about $80 with tip but it was well worth it!
i gotta admit, i didnt think i was gonna like this place. my husband loves smoked bbq anything and i knew he was gonna love it here so i reluctantly agreed to go here for dinner. 

thank God i agreed to eat here with him because the food here is unbelievably delicious. EVERYTHING. everything i stuck in my mouth was yummy. from the complimentary biscuits you get (with the most aMAZing apple butter. you might wanna see if you can get some extra because i sure wish i did) after you order, down to the banana pudding with nilla wafers and bananas. 

ive never had fried okra so we ordered that and the fried green tomatoes as our appitizers. okra doesnt have the best reputation but after trying it here, it is VERY popular in my book. YUM. i would like to have more right now as im writing this review. it came with 2 different sauces (ranch and a dijon mustard) but i prefered the ranch sauce. yum. we also ordered the cornbread which was just the right consistancy. it didnt fall apart when you cut into it with your fork. the fried green tomatoes were also delicious and it came with some red pepper sauce. yum. i cant stop saying that. 

for the main course i had the bbq tri tip sandwich with extra crispy sweet potato fries. holy moly, the meat in this sandwich was SO soft, i couldnt get enough. probably one of the best sandwiches ive ever eaten. and im really not big on the bbq. but dang, the flavors in this sandwich were unreal. and the fries!? they were actually extra crispy! thank God because i hate soft fries! my husband had the jambalaya which he loved. 

dessert....we HAD to have dessert. even tho we were so full from all the other food we had just eaten. we had the banana pudding which came with lots of nilla wafers and bananas inside. we didnt think we would be able to finish the entire thing because like i said, we were full. BUT the dessert was SO good. we ate it all. and became stuffed. so stuffed i had to do a couple laps around the shopping area after we were done eating.

bring an empty stomach. because youre gonna need it with all the things youre gonna wanna try here. and save room for dessert. definitely coming back here again.
The ONLY reason I give this place four stars instead of five is because the service was lacking a bit. It took forever for us to get drinks/extra napkins/ketchup. 

Other than that, the food was outstanding. We came here on Memorial Day because we were too lazy to do our own grilling, and after smelling our neighbors cooking some ribs, we just had to have them!

We got the fire roasted artichoke for the table. My only complaint is that the artichoke was not very meaty and if I'm paying $10 for an artichoke, it shouldn't be small with leaves that hardly have anything to grab at. The garlic/mayo dipping sauce was delicious! 

My gf and I shared the Lucille's platter - it came w/ two chicken breasts, four ribs, a few slices of tri-tip meat and two sides. We opted for corn and french fries. Every single bite of this meal was delicious. The rib meat was fall-off-the-bone tender and the chicken was impressive too (usually chicken is just blah for me). The tri-tip was absolutely phenomenal. We ate the entire platter and brought one huge chicken breast home, so these serving sizes do not mess around! The corn was also really really good. It was obvious that it was fresh and grilled and there was some type of pepper butter on it that was extremely flavorful. 

All in all, I will definitely be back the next time I'm craving some southern BBQ.

Be weary, the prices are a little high compared to other BBQ joints around time, but I do think the quality of food and the preparation is worth it!
I have been to Lucille's many times and it is one of my all time favorite restaurants. The complimentary biscuits with apple cinnamon butter are AMAZING!! 

I always order a full rack of baby back ribs and take the rest home. The leftovers make for a great treat later or the next day. This time I ordered the baby back ribs with garlic mashed potatoes and shoestring fries. Everything was delicious.

Lucille's also serves the best strawberry lemonade, which comes in an old school jar! The backporch strawberry lemonade is also really good (strawberry lemonade with vodka).

It was my friend's birthday so they have him a little sundae with a candle, which was kind of neat. Only reason I gave this place 4 stars is because service could have been better. Our waiter didn't seem too happy, or maybe he was just busy. Not bad service, but not great either.

We will be back.
We enjoyed the happy hour here at Lucille's.  The fish tacos were dang good and the drinks were perfect.  
Fri and Sat nights are a great time to hang out at the bar, eat and listen to the live blues band.  Nice local neighborhood place to relax on the weekend.
The other day I had a craving for a good pulled pork sandwich, which isn't necessarily a good thing considering there aren't many options in town. Luckily I work near Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ which satisfied my craving last time so I headed there for lunch. But while sitting at the bar I decided that I needed to write a burger review this week and I've had the same pulled pork sandwich the last 3 times I've been there, so I caved and did what I always do: ordered a burger. I figured it couldn't be all that bad, I mean, they should know a thing or two about meat right?

Lucille's is located by The District in Henderson along with a whole bunch of other restaurants I haven't ventured into yet and a bunch of typical retail stores. It's actually a chain, with only one location in both Nevada and Arizona, and several locations in California. I'm sure they're all designed and decorated similarly, with jazz-influenced and BBQ related signs, lots of booth seating and a bar. The menu has pretty much everything you would want venturing into a BBQ restaurant. They also happen to have several burger choices on their menu which is lucky for me I guess.

I went with the mushroom burger, which for some reason is missing from their online menu but is included in the full PDF menu you can download. Although I ate one of the two delicious rolls they bring out when you first sit down, I still went with the  1/2 pound burger which was a mistake. This thing is huge. The meat had great flavor and was cooked perfectly to the medium rare I always ask for. The caramelized onions and sautéed mushrooms were really flavorful and great, and there was an abundant amount of melted jack cheese to the point that I lost some of it during the course of the meal. The bun was a bit overcooked and dry, but ok until near the end because of how juicy everything was. The whole meal was quite messy like everything else I've eaten here, which is why the warm moistened towel at the end is much appreciated. Overall this was a really good burger, and I couldn't even finish it all because of the size and roll I had eaten before.

My skinny fries were not as good; they had a strong oily flavor like it hadn't been changed in a while, and they didn't seem totally fresh which sucked considering my meal was at the height of the lunch hour. I'm really starting to hate everyone's fries lately I think. It's a constant comment of mine, and really a stupid part of the meal that should be easy to accomplish.

The price is ok I suppose for a restaurant located in a dense shopping area as well as the size of the burger: $12.49 including fries. If the fries were an additional charge I wouldn't be as supportive of this. My meal with an iced tea came to $16.73 total; most could argue that this is still a bit steep for a single burger meal, but given the stipulations I just mentioned I guess I'll let it slide. I did complain about a different meal I had last week because of its $22 price tag, and I will still stand by my stance that that far exceeds the acceptable limit. My burger was more than good, and I will definitely recommend it, but this is a house of good BBQ so stick with the pulled pork sandwich or something if you're reluctant to spend that much on a burger.
I'm really happy to say that my 2nd trip back here was much better.  I had to have the brisket again and the hot links.  My girl gave the St. Louis ribs another shot.  I guess that first time I went, they had a bad day in the kitchen.  These ribs were much fattier.  Smoke was great.  I'm glad I came back.  

Service was never an issue in the first trip, and was great again this time around.  I'm glad I came back.
Had the tri tip with portobello mushroom sandwich that was very good. Service was kinda slow though.
I liked it!  We went for lunch I got the pulled pork baked potato and a salad, hit the spot.  The biscuits they start you off with are sinful and just plain mean if you are trying to eat healthy!
I have been here many times over the last few years and I absolutely love it. It has the best happy hour specials. First, the happy hour goes until 7pm, which is awesomely late for a happy hour, and then it continues again at 9pm. Appetizers are between $4-6 and are basically small plates--delicious and filling, and not just frozen mozzarella sticks thrown in the fryer. Quite a lot of drink specials as well--beers and specialty cocktails both on the happy hour list.

A couple of times I have had Tobi for a server and she is amazing! Genuinely happy to be there, and not the trolling-for-tips kind of "happy to be there." Parking is always great, right behind the restaurant. One of my favorite places in Henderson, even though it is a (small) chain restaurant.
Just when I think Lucille's doesnt get any better....it does! We usually have a large group so we always get the family feast.  This time there were a few of us, so I got to explore the menu a little.  Fried pickles are a staple, and Lucille's does them right! I decided to go with the pulled pork sandwich.  It was everything I expected...and more! Pork was tender and smoked perfectly then served on a grilled potato bun.  I added some of their sauce and bam! All was right in the world.  Until I couldn't finish it of course, because it was huge.  Had mac n cheese as the side and that was also delicious.  Everyone has their preference, but I really like it here.  Definitely prefer over Famous Daves, but in the bay Area there's no Lucille's yet :(  My husband did have a minor gripe, he thought he'd had better tri-tip elsewhere.  But he likes everything else at Lucille's so this was just a small fluke.  Never had dessert here, but I can only imagine....
So this is a two part review...

Part 1 - It's 115 degrees outside. It's a Tuesday. A group of us are trying to stop in for a quick bite to eat and to make it to GVR for $6 Tuesday Movies. So we chose Lucille's because a friend in the group had never eaten there and he wanted to try it. It was pretty steady for a Tuesday so we chose to sit in the bar. Reminder, hell's doors must have been left open because it was at least 127 degrees outside. So we're hoping to get in somewhere cool, enjoy a quickish meal, and go to the movie. As we take our seat in the bar we realize it's not cooling down. We get our drinks, they had more sweat coming off them than an Olympic weight lifter. Again, it's at least 134 degrees outside. So we order our food, definitely decent quality. Never had tried the burger so I got that. Also tried Fried Green Tomatos for the first time. Not too shabby. We tell the waitress that we need the bill because we're in a hurry to get out of there so we can make it to the movie. 10 minutes later she brings the bill. So I was already hot, since it was 140 degrees outside, this just made me hotter. Fortunately we made the movie before the start, but had to sit in the 3rd row (lame sauce). 

Intermission - so I wrote a letter on the Lucille's website just letting them know my disappointment in the service and the setting. I received a phone call from the restaurant manager and was told that because of their smokers they use when it gets above 110 outside they have a challenge keeping the venue cool. I appreciated the call and accepted the apology. Not very often you get an actual person to call you. Definitely won me over as I know this wasn't the "norm" for Lucille's. To my delight, a week later I also received a $25 gift card in the mail. Thank you Lucille's.

Part 2 - A perfect meal. This time it was only 104 outside (only, haha). I ordered my personal favorite, the Marinated Sirloin Steak Sandwich, and it was outstanding as always. Steak cooked to perfection. My wife ordered a bowl of clam chowder which she said was absolutely delicious. I'd be remiss to not mention the sweet tea, which I think I may have drank a gallon of. Best sweet tea around. Service was great, and the temperature was much more comfortable this time around.

Thank you Lucille's for turning a bad experience into a good one. We'll be back.
I've been here a few times now, most recently last week... and this place is consistently great. I've tried the larger chains- famous dave's, smokey bones.... and they don't compare! This is nothing like that, this place is legit! I love the charm of it too, the tables and chairs, live music, drinks come in mason jars...its all super cute! The teas are amazing (try the watermelon tea in the summer), the biscuits are omg-delicious!!! I've tried all of their bbq meats and everything is always good. 
My favorite is the chicken with baked beans and fresh veggies. Every time family visits, this is the place to go!
The Happy Hour here is great!

1. Smoked Spicy Sausages
2. Chicken here is juicy... even the breast!
3. The chili here is FANTASTIC! OH MAN! I LOVE IT!
4. Brisket is so soft, tender, and pieces come off when you use a spoon. 

You have to come here for the brisket and sausages at least. The atmosphere is like any other barbecue restaurant, but they have some incredible bbq sauces (the spicy one is my favorite). I highly recommend coming here for their happy hour to get a little bit of everything. They also accommodate couples with their plates that can be shared (I bet two individuals will be satisfied).
Here in town on vacation with the family. We were meeting with a family friend who lives in the area. We asked where is a good place to eat. First place he said was Lucille's. We walked in and saw the smoker and I was sold. I had the brisket platter. The brisket was a little tough, but still good. The sides of mac and cheese and cornbread were amazing. And the prices were very reasonable for the food served. Next time I am back in vegas, I will be stopping in again.
Great food and very friendly staff. Portions were slightly smaller than other places I've been to but it still filled me up and the presentation was better than other BBQ places. Price is reasonable for what you get but I wouldn't exactly call it cheap. Had a great experience and will definitely be back
I have only been here once and need to go back. The BBQ is excellent and portions are huge!
I judge a bbq place by a couple of menu items.  First, hot links.  Lucille's are not good.  They're not hot and they're kinda mealy.  Second, beans.  Lucille's beans have too many other things in them.  Big chunks of undercooked veggies.  Not good.
Went here with the husband. And I have to say the ribs were good that was his dish. I choose the pull pork it came to the table with no BBQ Sauce and swimming in vinegar. I asked the waiter what gives and he said that's how its cooked at Lucille's. For what ever the reason he didn't understand that NO means NO. Because I sent it back and didn't want it back. And yet he emerged from the kitchen with yet another pulled pork sandwich swimming in BBQ sauce and vinegar. I said no thank you yet again and a manager decided to come to the table. I told him I understand it was not his fault he didn't cook the poorly served meat and that I'm from Memphis where we have the best BBQ. So, I cant and wont be eating meat that swims in vinegar. Thank god the husband shared his ribs or I would have starved. Dessert time came around and well I ordered the banana pudding OMG it was Box pudding not home made or made from scratch. Before she even sat it on the table I was like no thank you. Why is something wrong? she said...Yes it is. I don't eat box pudding. Eva.  I don't understand why people who serve food in Vegas don't understand what made from scratch means. Shall I post a made from scratch recipe. Lucille's will get 2 stars from me. Next time I go I will not get the pulled pork or the dessert!
Amazing.... love the beef ribs. some may say they are too fatty but that is how beef ribs are suppose to be. The bread was a little to hard today but the sauces and service make up for it.  Make sure not too order to much cause portions are huge
Why hasn't anyone told me about these biscuits with apple butter?  Wow! I could have stopped there and been perfectly satisfied. 

I had lunch here a few years back and I don't remember loving it as much as I did tonight. After enjoying the biscuits, my wife and I split a half order of onion straws. They were seasoned perfectly and were piled high (we couldn't even finish the half order).  I enjoyed mine with the spicy table side BBQ sauce, whereas my wife opted for the sweeter original sauce.

For dinner, I ordered the 1/3 pound  BBQ bacon burger with shoestring fries. I was already stuffed before my dinner arrived, but decided to put my big boy pants on and eat up. My wife ordered the tri-tip sandwich and was in heaven. We enjoyed our dinner so much, she couldn't stop smiling and I couldn't stop nodding in acceptance. As if we weren't fat enough, we opted for the small banana pudding for dessert. Who doesn't have room for pudding? 

Bottom line, I regret not coming back sooner than I did. This place is great! 

****** They keep the air conditioning on full-blast, you would be wise to bring a sweatshirt or light jacket.
Usually we hit this place up for lunch on the weekdays.  They have great lunch deals on their bbq platter combos plus good size servings. Plus it's not too busy and you're seated right away 9 times out of 10. 

Nights and weekends are a different story.  Mr. B  wanted to celebrate here with the family, so I made a reservation ahead of time just to be on the safe side.  Luckily I did. You know you might have to have a bit of a wait when you walk up and see there are people sitting & milling around outside of the restaurant.  I let the hostess know we had a reservation and was informed it still would be another 15 minute wait. No problem, we just hung out at the bar and chit chatted with our server there who took my drink order.  Ended up that our table was ready to go 5 minutes later.  We were seated in less than a 10 minute wait.  So if you know you'll be dining on  weekends when they are usually busy, make a reservation.  You dont want to be one of the hot and sweaty guests sitting out on the porch.

Ambiance: This place is smokin! Literally! The smoker is right in plain view of the restaurant and you can smell all the bbq meats being smoked throughout the place.   Noise level: Weekdays: average ..busy weekends/evenings THIS PLACE IS SO LOUD THAT YOU HAVE TO SHOUT TO HEAR YOURSELF!  Either that or I'm really deaf.  That's how noisy it was. I didn't really mind, but I felt sorry for our server who had to repeat herself a lot.

Food: Really 3 STARS ... Its good. Out of all the chain bbq places it's the best out of them. My favorite appys & side dishes are their Creamy Cheese Grits &  Peanut Slaw. Fried Pickles and the onion straws sliced real thin and battered in buttermilk are a must to order!  They come in1/2 and full sizes...1/2 is plenty enough to feed two people.  Oh and their sweet tea refreshing. Love the huge mason jars they always come in.

BBQ platters; Mr B ordered the 2 meat platter and I got the 2 meat platter + 1/2 chicken which was six dollars less.  Both platters had the same amount of portions of meat. At least to me (see photos I snapped).   You do have more choices on the 2 meat platter, but if you're going to order pulled pork and rib tips, the 1/2 chicken 2 meat platter is a great value!  The rib tips tender, brisket, chicken, everything had a nice smoky flavor to it.  I like to top my chicken with more of their original bbq sauce.  It's sweet and not too tangy. I usually buy a bottle also to take home. 

Finally dessert: Cake for the birthday guy..a red velvet one. He said it was very good, moist and the icing very sweet and cream cheesy (his words).  I stuck with my usual, warm bread pudding that's drenched in a bourbon sauce . It has bits of peach slices in it. The smaller order is just right for me. 

This place is pretty consistent in service.  Wait staff always friendly,(+1 for all the 49er fan props) our food comes out quick, drinks are always refilled on time,  everything is always good, never had been disappointed with any order..and despite the super busy night, Mr. B's birthday celebration here was a success.
I've eaten here once and want to return so bad! Why oh why are you so far from my home? I have some southern roots and I grew up eating good BBQ and when I say this is good BBQ this is good BBQ!

There was a little bit of a wait but my date and I were able to occupy ourselves outside talking about the pleasant aroma that came wafting out of the door as people came in and out; once it was out turn to be seated we were handed two menus that contained a slightly overwhelming number of options. 

I settled on the Catfish and she had the ribs; my catfish was blackened and seasoned perfectly; the ribs were a smoky delight and our side dishes were equally pleasant; the Cornbread was a light airy delicate surprise not common with Cornbread and when used to mop up the plates it was a tasty sponge for leftovers. 

The price wasn't too bad; I believe Yelp uses the Moderate term. I can't wait to find myself on that side of town again for dinner; I'd love to make this my new favorite restaurant since my other regular BBQ spot closed down.
BBQ is my weakness. My family thought I was crazy for wanting BBQ catered at my wedding. I'm proud to say that my ivory wedding dress did not get one drop of BBQ sauce on it.

The last time we visited this Lucille's location, it was an early afternoon and we were seated quickly. Our waitress, Typhanie, was very attentive. I had completely forgotten about those soft, pillowy little pieces of heaven called biscuits with apple butter. She apologized for the biscuits being so late to arrive to our table. I hadn't noticed, as I was still deciding what I wanted to eat. It's a hard decision there when everything is good!

I decided on the pulled sliders-two pork and one chicken. Ate those up quickly while sipping my half sweet/half non sweet tea in my favorite-MASON JARS! Totally gives that southern feel to the place.

Typhanie once again comes to our table and apologizes for the delay in the arrival of my husband's beer. Once again I am clueless as I am now browsing the dessert menu. Typhanie offers a free dessert for the lack of service, but we are so full and oblivious to the supposed lack of service that we politely decline.

It's been a long time since we've had a waitress THIS good, to accompany food THIS good.

Bravo, you little southern feel, southern cali restaurant chain! You hire great employees, and serve up some good cookin!
I have a complaint.  Why is there not a Lucille's BBQ in every town across America?  Seriously.  I travel to Vegas often on business and I can eat here 3-4 times in a week without every being bored.  I literally drool just typing this because I literally crave it like some kind of rabid addict.  The tri tip dinner with garlic mashed and mac and cheese is downright sinful and every single specialty drink is fantastic.  Forget losing those last 10lbs because if it means not enjoying Lucille's, I'll learn to love these curves.  LOL!
I found the food to be mediocre. Ribs were not tender. Restaurant is VERY noisy. Quite pricey too. Memphis in Vegas is a much better BBQ experience.
Lucille's is a 1950's-eque BBQ joint located right next to the Green Valley Ranch Casino. If you go on a weekend night, I can guarantee that you're going to waiting for a table. A few of my coworkers and I went to Lucille's for lunch. And here's the review:

The Good: 
I had a BBQ salad and the meat, though there was not much on the plate, was flavorful and tender. I got to try some of my friend's brisket, and it too was juicy anf flavored nicely. I love that all of their drinks come in mason jars, and their menu offers a variety of BBQ items to choose from. In addition, they have an in-house smoker so the aroma of BBQ hits you right when you walk through the door.

The Bad:
The service is friendly enough, but sometime it felt like we were being rushed.  For lunch on a Wednesday, it was quite crowded, and we had to request refills on our drinks. In addition, their prices are a bit high for the amount of food you actually get. I've been to several BBQ places, and Lucille's seems to focus on being a bit more upscale than their competitors. 

Will I return? Probably. But, this is not my first choice in BBQ.
Four of us tourist stopped by on out way from the Ethel M. Chocolate Factory, about 4 miles away. If you get this near stop. We ordered takeout so we never saw the inside of the place.

Two of us shared .5 smoked chicken plus sides of collared greens, cheese grits & 2 biscuits. This meal was $17. DELICIOUS!  Best cheesy grits I ever had that was not cooked in either South or North Carolina. The greens were also mouth smacking good. We could not eat the biscuits; to much food and our plane departure time was 6AM the next morning.

If you want to take a break from the casino strip visit the Ethel M Chocolate Factory and their Cactus Garden then eat here. Save the chocolate candy you buy for later so you can eat all the food you order here.
Love this place! Great biscuits to start, drinks in mason jars, staff is friendly, and the food is good!
Less than five miles from the Strip is Green Valley and a selection of very good restaurants.  During a trade show we needed a casual place for a cold beer and some food.  Lucille's filled the bill.  Now, you will not think that you died and went to New Orleans - but for southern food in the desert southwest this is OK.
Went again for my husband's birthday...this place is consistently excellent. We had 2  coupons (they surprisingly let us use both), shared the 3 meat platter and took home a dessert and paid little over $30.
Can't believe it took me 2 years to try this restaurant. Went last night and had the best food and service. Loved the homemade biscuits with cinnamon butter. I had the tri tip sandwich and it was delicious. Husband had the brisket which was also good. Can't go wrong with a place that serves their beverages in a mason jar - the strawberry lemonade hit the spot.
What an all-around excellent experience!  Just thinking about it makes me feel good.  

We were part of the onslaught of people who were waiting at the door, when they opened for the day.  We were seated exceptionally fast, and our server did an amazing job of juggling the 4 tables that were seated more or less simultaneously.

A "Muddy-Water" (their version of an Arnold Palmer), served in a Mason Jar, was a bit on the pricy side.  But the generous portion, and prompt refills, took the sting away.

My pulled pork sandwich was one of the best that I've ever eaten.  'Melt in your mouth' is a phrase that comes to mind, but still falls short of the actual experience.

Oops, I almost forgot to mention the atmosphere.  From the giant smoker in the middle of the room - nicknamed Smokestack Lightning, to the tasteful mix of both old school and more modern blues, the atmosphere added to the very enjoyable experience.
Great service and food.

The tri-tip pepper sandwich (sans mayo - with barbeque sauce instead) was very flavorful.  Although, they were a little stingy with the amount of meat on the sandwich.  Regardless, I would certainly order it again.

My wife had a burger which was very good (and big).  

We didn't have any drinks, but the table next to us did and they were huge.

Overall we had a great experience at the restaurant and would go back again.
I grew up on BBQ, so I have to get a monthly fix... 

I've been coming here since they opened. I have tried many things,
ribs - good, 
chicken - good, 
brisket - good..
 tri-tip - about as good as it gets! 

The tri-tip is tender with the best smoke flavor you will ever put into your mouth. 
If you want southern sides, I highly suggest the greens and sweet potatoes. 

I am disapointed that they don't offer fried okra as a side, only as an appetizer. It must be there way to upsale.. Fried okra is my favorite and you can only find it a few places in town. 

Service is pretty good. They forgot utensils this time and it took awhile after the food was served to grab them, other than that.. a good meal reasonably priced.
There's high-fructose corn syrup in EVERYTHING here. Even the vinegar-based sauces have it as their second ingredient. Absolutely ridiculous. 

The beef is not grass-fed, but the pork is pretty darn delicious. Despite the food being laden with artificial ingredients and preservatives, the meat itself when taken alone is pretty darn tasty.

The portions are huge and a pretty good value.

The drinks are delicious and I ignore all the sugar and whatnot in them. It's booze. It isn't supposed to be healthy to begin with.

I order all my meats "dry" --meaning no sauce added --and eat them the way they were supposed to be. Meaty and delicious.
My family went here for my brother's birthday, and surprisingly they had a veggie burger. My dad ordered two of their special platters for two people- two meats, two sides, and dessert (to share, or individual). We were given AMAZING sugary biscuits will apple butter. YUM! Drinks come in the usual jam jars.
About fifteen minutes later my dad gets his platters, and he passes the food out to my brother and sister. I still wait for my veggie burger. 
Another fifteen minutes goes by. My dad asks the waiter about my food.
He forgot to order it. *le sigh* My family by this point is done with their dinner, and want dessert. I, being hungry, devour all the sugar biscuits. 
My food was compt, and my drink, and it eventually came out. Even the manager came out to apologize. 
My dad told them it was fine- I was a vegetarian, and so I wasn't important in a BBQ place. He laughed the entire way home.
Solid BBQ choice!

Ordered the baby backs...very tender and flavorful.  The sauce is super sweet, but after I dipped them in the "spicy" sauce, they because 10x better.  Don't worry, not very spicy...just has a lot more flavor than their default bbq sauce IMO.  The ribs earned a 4.5/5 in my book.  

The sides were not mind blowing...ordered the mac and cheese and the corn.  Didn't really hit it outta the park.  Would not order them again...The comp bread was good though!  The strawberry lemonade was super yum!

Also ordered the gumbo...it was pretty bland to tell you the truth.  Gumbo is supposed to be an explosion of spices and a little bit of heat, but this didn't do much for me at all.  Knocked off the extra star due to this...

The service was good and attentive, but the prices are pretty steep IMO.  I think my rack was $30.  Most of the other choices were in the high 20 range as well.  Good BBQ deserves good $$$, but I feel like everything was 10-20% higher than they should be.

I might be back, just won't be running back soon.
Talk about good eating,been twice want to go back. Ribs so good had the leftovers and biscuits for breakfast.All sides are excellent  the mac and cheese better than homemade. Only place you can find good sweet tea
BEST LUCILLE'S ANYWHERE!! From Cali and been to many Lucille's  but this location tops the cake!! Thanks Henderson Team!!
This place is a little slice of heaven. There is not one thing on the menu that is not unreal. They smoke all of the meat there, so it is fresh out of the smoker. I would go early as there can be a wait. But if you do get stuck waiting, just pop into the bar for a mint julep, it will ease the pain as you become hungrier and that wonderful smoky smell has you in a trance. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Definitely no complaints. Everything our family ordered was amazing. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone who loves barbecue.
Deelish BBQ. If you are craving tasty cooked meat, and sides of comfort, go here. Lucille's has a lively atmosphere and an extensive menu. Their location is convenient.
I have been here at least a half dozen times and always have a good meal from the cajun to the ribs it is all good.  Very kid friendly if that matters to you.
Cant get enough of this place! If i haven't been there within a month or so its def. time to get back in and get my bbq fix.  There biscuits and apple butter is a yummy free appetizer.  I love the fact the drinks they bring out are not the typical 12-16oz cups so i don't have to ask for refills constantly.  My fav. is def the tri tip sandwich and fries, also if you like ranch on your fries there ranch is very good.  Then to end any bbq meal right they give you a hot moist towel to clean the sauce out of your nail beds and between your fingers!   Yummy, after this review I may be getting me some bbq for lunch! :-)
Best place ever! We moved to be closer to this place, well and a better location but still because of this place! We really like there atmosphere, live music in the bar on Fridays DURING happy hour. Food is always spot on and the drinks are great, try the watermelon jalapeno or the back porch lemonade. The best part of this place is the sweet potato fries though, to die for. We bring all of our out of town visitors here and they always have a great time.
Went here by myself for lunch to "try it out" I am a bbq lover BUT I saw they had a chicken breast w/ gravy and mashed potatoes and could not pass it up.
It was AMAZING I was so full I did not eat the veggies..well who needs veggies when you have those amazing biscuits w/apple butter..
To bad it is so far away from where I live I can't go as often as I want to but next chance I get I WILL be there..
**Summary**
       - BBQ - They have 3 BBQ sauces. Original, spicy, and one mixed with a vinaigrette I think. The spread their original on all their meats by default (you can ask for the meats dry without sauce if you'd like). The original is my favorite, and is on the sweeter sides of most sauces.
       - Beef Ribs - Giant ribs with a lot of meat.
       - Baby Back Ribs - The waiter told us these were the most tender and has less meat than the St. Louis. However, we found that they were slightly drier.
       - St. Louis Ribs - Meatier and the most tender, this was my favorite rib hands down. The meat on the sides were a little chewy, but the meat in the middle was perfect.
       - Consistency - We were told depending who finished off the ribs, some might be more tender than others. Of the ribs we got, the best ones were a step beyond most rib places. However, the drier parts were on par with cheaper BBQ places.
       - Smoker - They have their own smoker in the middle of the restaurant. I thought this was a nice addition to the whole authentic feel of the place.
       - Live band - We came at 7:30pm on a Friday and was greeted to a 45 minute wait and a live band (2 guys).
       - Portion size - The food we got for was definitely too much. The 2 meat combo and the appetizer rib alone would feed 2 people easily. On a side note, the sides are kinda small compared to the meats.
**Ordered**
       - Biscuts and Apple Butter - They bring this to you at the beginning and it is freakin' awesome. The butter is made with butter, cinnamon and apple sauce. It goes perfectly with the fluffy biscut that already has sugar sprinkled on top.
       - $3.99 Southern Fried Dill Pickles (Half) - They were pretty good. Lightly breaded and crisp. But since they were spears the breading always came off them too easily after the first bite.
       - $13.49 Lucille's Chicken Salad - The first time I've had chicken salad where the chicken wasn't dry. It was really good. However, I didn't like the balsamic vinaigrette, so I got it dry. I added some of their BBQ sauce as dressing, and that was delicious.
       - $27.99 BBQ 2 Meat Combo Platter - We got baby back ribs and beef ribs. The plate is giant. 4 large beef ribs and half a rack of baby backs. Their BBQ sauce is perfect, sweet but not too sweet.
       - $13.99 BBQ Rib Appetizer - Got the St. Louis on this one and the meat near the bone was super tender and succulent. However, on one side of the rack and on the crust, it got a little dry.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a really nice BBQ place, and don't mind spending a bit. Though their prices are a little higher than most, you're paying for the quality.
Holy smokes this place has some good BBQ! I was in the neighborhood and stopped by on a coworkers recommendation. I had the tri-tip and baby back rib lunch combo. There was plenty of food and the service was excellent. I'll be back, SOON!
This is definitely one of the best BBQ spots in Vegas.  I'm from Dallas and I definitely know what I'm looking for with BBQ.  I wish I could've given 5 stars, but the service was definitely not up to par.  

BBQ Baby Ribs and St. Louis Ribs with baked Mac and Cheese is a MUST get!  And the watermelon iced tea for your refreshment!
This place was a heavy favorite when my wife and I lived in Henderson. Even now living in the suburbs of one of the best food cities in the US, I still miss Lucille's. Great atmosphere and really great food. 

I rarely deviated from the pulled pork sandwich, because it's just too good not to get, but the menu has a lot to offer otherwise.

I'd argue that Lucille's is the best restaurant in the District.
Hands down the best BBQ in Vegas. I have been going there for years. They are always consistant with their dishes and their service. 

If you are craving BBQ this is the spot. Usually I get the beef ribs or the sirloin steak. Most of the time I don't finish and always take home for lunch the next day. Portions are very big. Still worth the trip from Summerlin.

Be carefull the smell slaps you silly from the parking lot!
If you're craving BBQ, come here!  They even serve drinks in cute mason jars.  I'm from the south so I love the southern charm :)
Best BBQ in town! This place is on the opposite side of town from where I live,but it worth the drive! They have a great happy hour. The menu is so huge! Great variety. Service is always good.
Located in the Green Valley Ranch resort I came in for dinner on a Thursday evening and seated myself in the bar. It was still happy hour so I started off with a 22oz cold beer. 

I was brought a biscuit for starters and it was yummy with the sweet butter spread. For dinner I ordered the BBQ 2 meat combo - tri tip, St Louis ribs dry, peanut slaw and mac and cheese. The meats were decent and had a lightly smoked flavor. The honey roasted peanut slaw was incredible but the mac and cheese was just average. The portion was more than enough and had to pass on dessert. 

Noticed that Lucille's offers many southern options for dinner such as red beans and rice, fried chicken and jambalaya. I want to check out one of these next time I return.
Just to let you know, the following events happened about 3 years ago.  This was our first time visiting this particular Lucille's.  My wife and I had been to the branch in Rancho Cucamonga before.  Unfortunately, this branch was not nearly as good as the one we visited before.  We arrived with our friends at a little past 9pm on a Thursday night.

We had taken a day trip to Grand Canyon West, and our friends were craving some good bbq.  I remembered that there was a Lucille's in Henderson so I recommended this place cause of the good food we had tasted at their Rancho Cucamonga location.  We arrived here tired and very hungry.  

The place was still busy when we arrived, but they were able to seat us right away.  We were served our food right away (about 5 minutes after they took our order).  So were were very happy about that considering we were starving.  Unfortunately, the food did not taste fresh at all.  The babyback ribs were tough and tasteless.  The bbq tri tip was also tough and chewy.  Sides and bread were fine though.

Looking back, we should have complained.  We were so hungry though so we didn't want to wait for anything else.  Anyways, we left unsatisfied although not hungry anymore.

I'd still go back to Lucille's.  Just not this location (at least not go there close to closing time).
Love this place food is delicious
We ventured here on a rainy Friday night in search of some delicious BBQ and potent drinks. This restaurants is not inside of Green Valley Ranch, as another reviewer claimed. It is located in The District across from GVR, next to King's Fish House.

The parking was an absolute nightmare. After circling around in the vicinity with three other cars trailing us, we were forced to park in the lot near REI store. The parking lot was a great indication of the wait for a table. When we got into the restaurant the hostess informed us it would be about 30-35 minute way. We decided to wait it. Fighting a spot to wait where you weren't in somebody's way was the tricky part since the bar was also full, and they had a live band performing. Eventually the bar cleared up and we got some drinks. Kentucky tea for me (props to the bartender who took the time to google how to make it) and a Sam Adams for the boyfriend. As we were paying for our drinks our buzzer goes off. Happy days!

We are seated at a little oddball table near the patio entrance. The server brings us some waters and asks if it was our first time there. We nod unanimously. The server is super friendly and energetic and explains the set up, points out the smokers inside of the restaurant and explains the three different sauces offered: Lucille's Memphis (vinegary, more traditional sauce), Lucille's Original (tomato based with molasses/sweet and tangy), Lucille's Hot & Spicy (a little bit of a kick, but I wouldn't call it spicy).

He brought us over a couple of fresh biscuits with the apple cinnamon butter. Yum!

We started off with an appetizer of BBQ Rib Tip - half portion that was plenty! ($8.99) These were succulent and tasty. I would highly recommend.

As an entree I opted for Lucille's BBQ Tri Tip Sandwich ($13.49).. the taste was excellent and the meat was not dry, but it definitely did benefit from extra sauce. Although it is marinated in original sauce, I opted to add Memphis sauce on top of it. It gave it an interesting flavor, and added moisture did not hurt either. As my side I opted for mac and cheese which was pretty standard and not memorable in any way.

Boyfriend opted for the ever so popular Lucille's Original Pulled Pork Sandwich ($10.99) It was great especially with the Memphis style sauce. He had a side of garlic mashed potatoes, which once again, were just a forgettable filler.

I had another Kentucky tea before we called it a night. The server was great without being over bearing. He seemed to appear only when we did actually need something (another drink, water refill, a box to go). Otherwise he didn't pop in ever minute interrupting dinner. Huge props to him.

Lucille's offers great BBQ for Henderson folk. It gets crowded so make a reservation. The sides were not that great, but overall food was delicious and service was flawless. I will be trying it for their happy hour which I am told is from 4pm-6pm and they have some great food specials during that time. Yipee!
Stopped in for a early happy hour. Here are good drink specials and food specials. While enjoying a few Blue Moons I sampled some rib tips,cheese fries and quesadillas. Tasty food at a good price. Time to go back for dinner, for the real test
There is no doubt that this is one of the more popular places at the GVR District, however there is no way I can say it's the "Best BBQ in the Valley" with John Mull's Meats: Road Kill Grill.

That being said I've gone here twice and I would come back again.  The price point is a little higher than Famous Dave's and I'm not sure I can taste a huge difference (take that with a grain of salt, I've only had two menu items!).  Portions are large and a normal shorter than 6' 5" person will fill up quickly.  Drinks are served in large caning jars and there are PLENTY of sides to choose from with your dinner.

I personally had the brisket which was very tasty, although I had two pieces which were layered in a decent amount of fat that were not consumable.  The sweet rolls they bring to the table with cinnamon butter are a tasty warm-up for the main course.  I would be interested in trying more things here, but i doubt I'll make a special trip, in fact we were originally going to Top Notch BBQ but they were closed for the evening.
Easily the best BBQ place in Henderson.  Prices are decent and quality of meats and their preparation is better than Memphis and Famous Dave's.  if it was only ribs I was after, I'd probably stick to Claim Jumper, but for all else BBQ Lucille's is the go to place.
This place surprised me with how good it is! The food was great, and the live band on the weekends was a nice touch. I came here with a few friends so I was able to sample some of the different types of meats and everyone of them was delicious!
Love the BBQ chicken and baby back ribs.  I didn't care for the peanut cole slaw just didn't taste as good as I remember. The praline cheesecake was meh. I would go back because I love the BBQ and when I need a fix it gives me what I need.
Fish was good...  Terrible place to visit if you are a pesco-vegetarian....  Ribs looked good enough to kill ya!
One of our favorite restaurants!  We recently relocated to NW Las Vegas from the mid-west and visit Lucille's about twice a month.  We found out about the restaurant through multiple referrals from locals and tourists. We typically use the "call ahead" seating option and are seated promptly upon arrival.  Trying to find a parking spot is usually an ordeal as this seems to be a very popular area of Green Valley.  We especially like the Friday and Saturday night live blues bands.  The reason we keep coming back is the good ol' southern cooking!! We have no complaints about any items we have ordered and especially love the Sweet Tea (served in Mason jars) Southern Fried Chicken (breaded and fried like Grandma used to make) and the biscuits with apple butter!! Felt like I was back home!!! At the end of your meal, they bring warm wash cloths to "clean up" any sticky fingers.which is a nice touch!  We can't wait for the new location to open at Red Rock Canyon which is closer to our home, but in the meantime, we will continue to travel the 25 minutes to Green Valley!
Parking was a nightmare and they ended up seating us 20 minutes after our reservation time but the place was hoping so that was understandable.  Once we were seated the service was excellent and the food came out in a timely fashion.

Started out with the grilled artichoke and fried pickles appetizers...both excellent.  Particularly the pickles.  I had the tri-tip sandwich with side of beans and my wife had the half chicken with veggies.  All the food was well prepared and delicious.  

Definitely recommend over Famous Dave's.
Miss the original biscuits. Cutting cost??? Love the BBQ chicken salad except it's very lonely without the biscuit.
My best place for enjoying BBQ...I started in their Brea CA location and same great taste here in Henderson, NV!
***PROS***
* Smells great!
* Plenty of seating
* Nice atmosphere
* Draft beers
* 3 types of BBQ sauce on your table
***CONS***
* It never quite tastes as good as it smells
* The pulled-pork sandwich has a rub, not sauce
* The shoestring fries were really narrow, like toothpick fries

All in all, we are pleased with lunch. This is our 3rd visit to Lucille's.
I had never heard of Lucille's until I won a gift card for 50$. I heard through the grapevine to make reservations and I am glad that I did. 
6:30 on a Sat night and it was packed, the bar, the outside patio, and the dining area, hardly a free table in the house. 
I loved the decor-- like I was visiting a family member's house in the South which made the place a very family/kid friendly environment. 
The wait staff was very friendly and attentive even with the place being so busy. Some one was always asking us for refills and giving us an update on our order.The tables were busy quickly and often. 
I ordered the grilled salmon which was a very large piece of fish and a huge side of vegetables-cooked perfectly. My other half ordered a pulled pork sandwich. The mashed potatoes were a hit at our table. 
We didn't have room for dessert so next time we may just order appetizers and dessert. As we left a small band was setting up in the bar area... This place was going to be rocking for hours to come.
(PS. our bill came out to $50.77 so that was perfect deal with our gift card)
My son requested to have dinner here after his graduation ceremony.  We ordered the family platter for 10 people.  There was lots of food to go around.  I really enjoyed the food, it was delicious.  However, they didn't bring the salad out until we were filled up on all the other stuff :(   That's why I'm giving only 4 stars.  The place is loud and casual!
Probably the best barbeque in the Las Vegas valley! We first learned about Lucille's when we were attending one of UNLV wine events at The District in Henderson. They were one of the food vendors and giving out samples of their BBQ Tri tip. Wow! If what they were giving away was this good, we couldn't wait to try their menu. We were back there for dinner the next night and have been going there ever since.

Since they're located in The District, parking is always a problem in the evening but you can park at the nearby Green Valley Ranch casino and walk over--just follow the aroma of their smoker and you can't miss it. Another issue is because of their popularity there is almost always a wait to get in. If possible, make reservations on the phone or through their web site. This doesn' guarantee that you'll get seated at your scheduled time, but you will be ahead of all the walkups. If you have to wait, you'll be given one of their pagers and you can either sit in the small garden area or window shop while you wait to be called. If there's a band playing in the bar, try to get a table outside (if it's not too hot) or as far toward the back as you can. The band is usually playing too loud to have a conversation.

The wait staff has always been friendly even with the pace they're serving people. Drinks are served in Mason jars and are quickly refilled when getting low. While you're waiting for your food, you get to snack on fresh biscuits with their fantastic apple cinnamon butter. These usually go fast on our table, so we order a second round of them while we're waiting. Portion size for the dinners is large, so unless you're really hungry you might want to skip the starter. If you do, the BBQ Rib Tips are very good. Depending on my appetite, I usually order their Back Porch which includes a half chicken, tri tip, and choice of ribs. If I'm not quite as hungry I'll order a full rack of either the baby back ribs or the St. Louis spare ribs. Brenda splits her choices between either the BBQ tri tip or the beef brisket. All the BBQ dinners come with two sides and we'd recommend the roasted garlic mashed potatoes and the creamy coleslaw. The honey roasted peanut slaw and the mashed sweet potatoes are also good and we'll swap between the four on our visits.

All the meats are tender and flavorful. You can order them wet (with your choice of sauce) or dry. If you order them dry, you can choose between three different sauces on your table to spice up your meat:

* Hot and Spicy - tomato, garlic, hot sauce and hot pepper. Not as hot as Devil's Spit at Famous Dave's, but very good.
* Original - tomato, molasses, vinegar and spices. Sweet and mild, but with good flavor.
* Memphis - tomato, mustard, vinegar. Tangy with a bit of a kick.

This is one restaurant that we seldom have leftovers to take home--well, okay...we do take food home but that's only because we order another set of ribs to go.

This still is our favorite BBQ place in town, but because it's out in Henderson, we don't get out there as often as we'd like. Now we'll usually just stop by Famous Dave's which is a lot closer, their food is almost as good, and it's a bit cheaper. Lucille's has been touting a new restaurant in the Summerlin area for almost as long as they've been in Henderson. Their web site says it will be at the Red Rock Resort, so we'll finally have one a bit closer to us.
I went here for lunch with some coworkers. I got the ribs and tri-tip beef lunch special with garlic mashed potatoes and corn chowder. The servers also gave us biscuits with cinnamon sugar butter and fried pickles. Also, drinks come in these big mason jars.  I will definitely be back!
This is the location I would have to travel to before they opened up a store in the Red Rock Casino in Summerlin. It was worth the drive out to Henderson though.

It is a cool BBQ restaurant with a southern vibe from the decor to the mason jars you drink from. They have a lounge area with a bar that you can also order food from.

The make the best beef ribs you will ever have. Chicken, beef, and sandwiches are all excellent. Nothing on the menu will disappoint you.
Gah, they changed the veggie burger! GAH! It is a premade patty now- GAAAAHHHHH

Service is still lacking- GAAHAHAHAHAHA

We came here for my brother's graduation and called it in a week before. So one would think they would be prepared for us. No. Not at all. We got our drinks after 20min, then finally got our food orders in after 30min along with our sugary biscuits, which I am starting to suspect is the only thing good here. Our waitress was slow, and I know she didn't have any other tables because we were there pretty late and there were only a few other tables, with enough waiters to take care of them. Not only that but she clearly had no idea what the menu consisted of. If it was her first night, I can understand. But since her fuck ups were on one thing only (the Super family meal we ordered) it stands to reason that she just sucks at her job. First she messed up the amount of sides the meal comes with- which I had to point out, which was fine. She looked it over on the menu and corrected herself. Now, I say she looked at the menu because later when she was asked when the salad was suppose to come out, she countered with "Salad doesn't come with that." You just looked at it. Yes, it does. 

But really the question I should be asking, is who the hell in the kitchen forgot about it as well? Doesn't she put in the order and they make it? What the hell is wrong with these people?
Lucille's has the best ribs ever. I always order the Baby Back and a watermelon margarita. Yummy bbq chicken & catfish too. Every entree comes with two sides that are so tasty! If you like southern food, this is the place.
Its been 8 months since I've been to Lucille's and the great customer experience I experienced my first trip appear to be a thing of the past.

I was expecting to wait 30 to 40 minutes so having to wait 55 minutes wasn't really an issue for me. However it did allow me to witness an employee picking cigarette butts out of an ashtray with his bare hands.

I'm sure he washed hands when he went inside but he had to open the door with his bare hands and god knows what else he touched between the door and the faucet.

Once we were finally seated our server disappeared for 15 minutes and I had to flag down someone different in order to place a drink order.

When our server finally arrived we placed an order for an appetizer. It was delivered by a third person who threw the plate on our table and it slid across almost to the wall she announced fried green tomatoes and walked away.

No Silverware, no napkins so I got up and hunted down our server asked for some to be brought over so we could eat our tomatoes.  Was told sorry we ran out. How does a properly managed restaurant run out of Silverware? (It doesn't) the Server sent someone over with some silverware but it was given to the booth behind us who didn't have any food on their table! 

So we have been there more than an hour an a half didn't have silverware and we didn't have drinks.

Once our silverware arrived the tomatoes were a little bland but the sauce made up for the lack of flavor in them. 

When We finally got around to place an order I asked for an extra corn bread muffin and a side of Mac and Cheese these are both on the of side order menu and  should not have been too difficult but I had to ask twice for them to get delivered so I could eat them with my meal.

The manager did come over and apologized for our experience and offered to take some of the items off our bill but when the bill arrived everything was still on it.

I considered calling him over and pointing that out but figured it would be easier just to pay for everything and call it a night.

It may just be another 8 months till I come back for that delicious Blacken Catfish but I will be back eventually once the memory of last night fades away.
The pork was dry to me but my husband loved it when i brought it home as a left over...
Back porch = yum, but hit and miss.
This place is killer. The food is always hot and tasty and the service is always good. I'm patiently waiting for the location inside of the red rock to open.
Happy Hour: 3-7pm, excluding holidays.

Their HH is one of the best I've been to in the Valley with a menu that's extensive. Even if they're smaller portions than the regular plate, they've now become normal, human-sized portions -- enough for two people. Their food plates range from $2-8. Their drinks (cocktails and beer) range from $4-7. 

I had their gumbo, onion straws, fried pickles, rip tips, and Crocodile Cooler. The cocktail had five different kinds of rum in it and boy, does it ever. You don't taste the alcohol and it actually tastes very refreshing. I'd definitely recommend it for a good time. 

Their onion straws and fried pickles are typical fried fare. I can probably live off their gumbo and rip tips for the rest of my life. The gumbo came in a reasonable small bowl with a heaping of rice. The rip tips were enough for two people, about half a pound. 

I've come several times to their HH, left happy and satisfied each time. However, I just came on July 4th (craving me some BBQ) but they stated they didn't do HH on holidays, although the HH menus were out. I should have expected they may not do HH on major holidays but don't keep me in suspense, let me salivate, and try to order -- only to be told abruptly that you don't do HH on holidays. Take away the HH menus then! 


Overall, great space for HH, lots of seating (get there 3-5pm) and great service. (Most of the time)
Went here 4th of July and it was packed! But what could you expect right. I've been wanting to try this place for a while but we rarely get out this way as its all the way in Green Valley and we live in N. LV...I had high hopes after being disappointed with the so-so bbq places such as Memphis and Famous Daves...Ughhh! Once we got in, our order came up pretty fast and lemme tell ya, it was worth the wait. I had the pulled pork, greens and macaroni.....Delish!!! Hubby had bbq shrimp which he loved and the kids also enjoyed their ribs & chicken. I also had a peach margarita which is the best I've had since...well ever! nly thing I didnt care for were the biscuits they bring out before dinner. They had sugar on top of them I think. Had a really weird taste and was very crumbly. I should've just asked for cornbread I guess....Oh well. Given the fact that we only had about 5 min to eat becuase our 1 yr old decided he wanted to be back outside, it was definetly worth it. I will most definetly be making a trip back out her soon!
After seeing the yelp reviews I was expecting better BBQ. I did grow up in California...where Santa Maria style seasoning and tri-tip was perfected...so maybe I expected too much from Lucille's?

It's got a blues meets barn flare. They have a happy hour from 3-7 during the week.
I would recommend beer: Lucille's beer was surprisingly good! We (three of us) tried the amber, hef and one of the other Lucile's beers all very good. $4.5 for 22oz beer is pretty cheap.

Food: the rolls and apple butter are by far the best thing on there!!! The spinach dip is good, not great; brisket sliders not so good; pickle spears ok; rib tips pretty good. 

Service was nice and helpful. Maybe a little over sat...but she did well.

Probably wouldnt recommend this to any of my friends or family. Much better places out there.
Service was great. Very attentive staff. Timing of food arrival was a little off. It took longer than expected to receive our appetizer, but then our entrées seemed to come out too soon after the appetizer. 

Overall good food. Loved the okra. I'm probably more likely to return for happy hour, when I'm able to try a bigger variety without worrying about leftovers.
Best ribs in town. The atmosphere was an experience worth taking friends, family or dates to. I'll will be back for sure again and again.
There is BBQ and there is BBQ at Lucille's.  They get it done right.  Beef Ribs are big and juicy.  St Louis Ribs flavor is spot on.  Brisket is killer.  Unsung hero is the hot link.  Take a bite then seconds later you get the heat.  I can go on about the sides but let's be honest folks...it's all about the Meat!!!
I was stuffed to the brim after our meal. Came for a friend's birthday and ordered the Brisket Salad and the 1/2 sampler appetizer. Food was decent. My salad had great garnishes but the brisket was too dry and stringy. My friend got the brisket plate and it was super tender and delicious so I guess they don't put as much care into the salads. 

Sampler appetizer was awesome though. Fried pickles, okra, sweet potato fries, BBQ pork. They also serve their own beer. 

Service was really good, but the pricing was a bit high and the food wasn't the greatest.
The pomegranite martini was my favorite part.  The beef ribs are amazing!  Not a fan of the beans and the macaroni and cheese is alright.  They do really good job with the meat...the sides are ok.  It confuses me that there are 2 entrances and the check in is in the middle of the resturant.  It gets really crowded in the middle of the resturant during peak times.
This is a excellent "first date spot" filled with great and affordable food and drinks.
Service was quick, workers were courteous, food was awesome... Loved the fried pickles...  We had the meal for 10 and it was a lot...  the mac and cheese was very creamy and tasty...
Went to Lucille's today to use our gift card from a prior mediocre experience.  

Justin was our waiter, he was funny, fast, and friendly.  Probably the best service we've had at Lucille's.

We each got a burger, I got the Lucille's cheeseburger and my wife got the mushroom burger.  Both were cooked as ordered and served hot.  The flavor was terrific, had a great smoked burger flavor that is lacking in quite a few burgers from even supposed "burger" places.  And they don't skimp on the toppings either - both burgers were nice and sloppy - just the way we like 'em!

Justin kept our drinks stocked and was on top of everything - a great problem solver.

Will definitely go back to Lucille's!
Beautiful, just beautiful.

I had the Louisiana Pasta and wife had the steak and shrimp with potatoes and Mac n cheese, all was amazing!
I just ate here and Iam stuffed!

My group order the following:
Full order of BBQ Ribs pork 
Full order of BBQ ribs beef
Corn chowder 
Tri tip salad 
Jambalaya
Fried chicken lunch special is the best deal @ 7.99. Very good white cream gravy. Just make sure to ask for extra.

Their baby back ribs are the best ribs in the valley!

Dinner is more pricey, but great food as well.

One of my favorite places.
Mmmmm BBQ. And a banana strawberry shortcake to boot.
Ok I am not a barbecue expert at all. We went on a whim wanting to try something new. The outside is cute and very unique, like going down South. The inside Has a lot of different rooms you can be seated in. We had to wait about 15 minutes, but they had chairs to sit on so you can be more comfortable.  The lunch prices aren't too bad, the menu is limited though.
 The night prices looked high to me, but meat in general is more expensive so that is understandable ( Plus I am kinda cheap :) ....
 I don't drink but the bar area was full and the people looked happy and comfortable in there.
 Worth a shot if you are in the Green Valley Ranch area.
Had the pleasure of eating here one night during our vacation. Usually we tend to not eat out since we are visiting family. But we ate dinner here and they did a great job taking care of a party of 16 -- I mean really 16 people, that's a lot of us.
I had the Mardi Gras Chicken and it was amazing. I had some of their speciality drinks and those were awesome too. Hopefully, we can go again for next year's trip.
A barbecue joint my girlfriend wants to go back to?!?  Can this possibly be true?!?  Apparently so!  She loved their sauce so much, she bought a bottle to go.  The sampler was superb.  Where else can you get barbecue, fried okra, fried green tomatoes, and fried pickles (pickles are not my thing, but I tried one anyway, ALMOST edible) on one platter?  The brisket was tender, moist, and delicious.  Cheese and jalapeño grits? Check.  Peanut slaw was uniquely tasty.  The only glitches were (1) a few minutes delay between delivery of meals one and two and meal three (both meals were brisket but with different sides, so ... I dunno) and (2) I am PRETTY sure one of our "brisket" meals was actually tri-tip, but it still tasted great and we shared, so it was no big deal. 

We will ABSOLUTELY be going back.  I can  go out to eat and have barbecue with my girlfriend!  YAY!
Lucille's seems to get better and better each time I go.  To this point, I've tried almost all of the meats...pulled pork, chicken, pork ribs, beef ribs, and chicken wings.

I would recommend the pork ribs over the beef.  The beef ribs are just massive and are a little tougher than the pork.

The appetizers are also top notch...wings, pickles, shrimp are all terrific.  I can't say for certain if they are a new addition, but the biscuits were amazing last time.  I don't recall them being as good in the past.  I have a feeling they might have switched things up, but whatever the case, beware of filling up on the biscuits.

If you aren't interested in having a quiet family experience I'd suggest sitting in the bar area.  About a half dozen TVs to catch whatever game is on and in some cases there will be live music.  Last visit there was a jam band of shorts but they were actually pretty good, really brought in that southern vibe.  I also believe that the happy hour drink and food specials are only good in the bar area, so all the more reason to sit there.
The tri tip sandwich is delicious. 

Sweet tea. Bread, honey butter. Wonderful experience.
I dont know what everyone is eating here that is so great?????? 
Another horrible meal here. Your tri tip is chewey an so thin it tastes like deli lunch meat. Total crap. Second try here. It was no good  the first time either.  Your meat quality is so poor  fatty chewey an tough. Your overpriced also. Memphis bbq blows you away for half the price you get the same amount of food an much better cuts of meat. Huge dissapointment. I can make better smoked bbq in my backyard. Never ever coming to your restaurant again.
We've been coming to Lucille's for years.  We've been so frequently that I realized I have never done a yelp review on the place.  I thought I had already.  So, since I went to the Red Rock location recently and didn't have a great experience, I think it's only fair to sing the praises of the location at the District.

This is a large restaurant, and easily seats large groups.  When family comes into town, we usually have a meal at Lucille's. It's kid friendly as well, in both the menu as well as the restaurant set up.  So, no problems there.

I usually get the sweet tea or strawberry lemonade.  Both are winners, and come in huge mason jars.  Even with a lot of ice (which is how I order my drinks) you get plenty of your beverage. 

To start, we typically get fried pickles, fried okra, or onion straws.  Okra is a dish that not a lot of places in Vegas offer.  I wish they offered it as a side and not just an appetizer.  The appetizers are a good value, as they are large enough to feed many (particularly the onion straws).

To eat, I usually get some form of BBQ, or the mardi gras chicken.  This is probably my favorite dish at Lucille's, it's 2 large chicken breasts which have been breaded and fried.  It comes with garlic mashed potatoes, vegetables, and a great shrimp cream sauce with peppers.  I always have leftovers, and it reheats well.  This is a unique dish worth giving a shot.  I also get the fried chicken sandwich and usually take half of that home.

This is a large menu, but they get it right.  We usually leave happy, and usually with leftovers.  Even though there may be a wait, the place is so large it's usually not that long.  If the weather permits (it's not over 100 degrees outside) I recommend the patio.
The ribs were overly sauced. And my beans were raw. Really was looking for a great BBQ place. Overall it's ok. Service is very slow.
The tri-tip never disappoints. The brisket was a little fatty. The biscuits seem to get smaller and smaller. Over all a solid experience and good food.
I'm a southerner who knows his Texas and Tennessee barbq, so let's admit it: I'm picky when I experience it outside of the south. While the quality of the meat and taste was not quite up to those standards, most Americans will find Lucille's meats to be above average to excellent. For me, I found the jambalaya more impressive. It is served in an heaping portion, and the spices were just right to make it a memorable meal. Avoid the Texas beef brisket, which was not juicy or tasty like Texas brisket should be. Fortunately or unfortunately, the food I liked best here was fried, and there was a lot of it. If that's what you're looking for, this is not a bad taste of the South.
I guess I just have bad luck with this place. First time I ordered was about 4 months ago (ordered to-go), 
I was told my food will be ready for pickup in 20 mins. I got there 30 minutes later, waited at the pickup 
window for 10 mins, just for them to say, Oh, sorry, it'll be another 10 mins. I finally walked out with 
my meal about 20 mins later. The food was ok, (I got the baby back ribs). I lived in the south so I know 
great barbecue when I taste it. It wasn't bad, but wasn't mindblowing. 
Fast forward to yesterday. I was craving ribs so I called to place an order for pick-up. I'm thinking there's 
no way they'll mess things up twice, and the food was decent enough to give it another try. I was told my food will be 
ready in 20 mins. This was during my lunch break so i had limited time. I drove over to pick it up 30 minutes later. 
Lo and behold, I was met with errs and uhhs, the genius that took my order didn't put it in. He said "well, I didn't put
it in, I'll put it in right away..." I was so irate. I'm standing there starving with limited time for lunch. I asked how 
long it'll take, he said another 20 minutes. I just had to walk off. No point throwing a tantrum and wasting my energy. I 
figured I'd reserve my energy for this review. 
I highly doubt I'd be back.
Love the Big Easy BBQ shrimp here, I haven't had a bad meal yet - but the BBQ shrimp is my go-to favorite. I love their cheese grits!! We eat here a lot. Also...we always get their large banana pudding to go, the vanilla wafers are so mushy and yummy the next day.
I keep forgetting to review this place! It is a favorite of mine, as well as everyone else I know. The last time I was there, I had a fried chicken sandwich and it was delicious. My boyfriend got a bunch of meat (forgot what the name of the entree was), and he enjoyed it, I just wish I had two stomachs so I could have finished my meal! The service has always been top notch: welcoming, informative, and attentive. Never fails to disappoint me! The only reason I wouldn't recommend this place is if you're trying to count calories and lose weight. Everything is served in big portions, isn't the most healthy, and is DELICIOUS!
2 words come to mind every time I think about this place. Grilled Artichoke!
Dear God, I never knew a vegetable could taste so good. This is not the steamed,
flavorless, drenched in mayo, artichoke that your mother may or may not 
have tortured you with as a child, even if you thought you liked it at the 
time.. This is the king of all artichokes, Artichoke superhero. 
Saving the world one delightful leaf at a time ;)
I live on the complete other side of the valley from this place and while they
do have some good barbecue, great tea, and awesome biscuits, somehow my wife and I find ourselves making the 45 minute drive (light traffic) to get a vegetable. As a meatatarian you can imagine my horror/chagrin/embarrassment at the situation.. somehow reminding myself that I am going to a barbecue joint doesnt ease the odd feeling.. I KNOW why I am going there and it ain't the ribs. (sorry Lucille) 
They do serve it with a dipping sauce but the buttery and smokey flavor really just 
set it off right .. 
I cant remember if I even eat the dipping sauce. I can just picture licking the smokey flavor off my fingers afterwards.. 
My wife absolutely WILL NOT share this appetizer with me and we have to each order 
our own. As a Chef I've tried many times to duplicate this recipe in my own 
kitchen and while I have come close, it's never quite the same.. So after many,
many tries I've resigned myself to the fact that we will be forced to drive 
across town for the best damn Artichoke I've ever had.
This is a review of their catering - We chose Lucille's BBQ to cater a birthday event this year and they did an amazing job.  You can grab a catering menu at the restaurant or online and then call the catering number to order and schedule your delivery.  

They have many different priced offerings from" pick up your food" to "fully staffed event serving services".  We chose the "bring the food and set up" option and it was perfect.  All the guests raved about the food and we had quite a bit left over.  I would highly recommend their catering department for personal parties, casual wedding or corporate events.
Nah, man. I don't like this place. I don't like this joint at all. 

I do not like the food. I do not like the near-deafness I was threatened with just for going to the restroom (more on that later). I do not like the horrendously bad service. 

Food
It sucks. It fucking sucks! One-star level of food here, no hyperbole. (Well, maybe a little.)

Now, I am no goddamn expert on barbecue (I have only made pilgrimages to Austin, KC, Memphis, and Nashville for barbacoa though, and actually saw firsthand how all originally derived in a Taíno reserve), but what I have been served here at Lucille's was simply not good food. 

Did not taste good, did not look good; made me want to strive to become vegan. If I were forced to eat all of my meat exclusively from Lucille's, or of a Lucille-like quality, I would become vegan. No bullshit. I would basically become Morrissey. 

Service
The one waiter we had did not (a) know what was it that came with the largest pre-packaged combo on their own menu -- like no shit ... had no clue at all -- ; and (b) did not bring everything that was supposed to come with the combo from their very own menu after studying it at fucking length! Sucks.

Ambiance
I have been to Heavy Metal concerts that were kinder to my hearing. And I have also been to private invite events at Wynn fucking Resorts that had less pretentious yuppies than Lucille's in The District at GVR, Henderson, NV, U.S.A.. 

Dude, turn down the fucking volumes on those goddamn amps in the bar; this is not an arena or Lollapalooza. It is a fucking restaurant!

Epilogue
Overpriced. And it sucks. The holy duo for I-won't-be-caught-dead-in-this-shithole-again for me. That is just me; this might be the greatest eats you have ever had in your life for you though. We are all different, after all. - E

Postscript. There should be another noise level choice: "Airplane Engines Right Next To Your Fucking Ears Loud" in between "Very Loud" and "Not Sure[.]"
I absolutely love this place, and recommend it to everyone I know. I haven't had a meal I didn't love, from the tri tip to the St Louis ribs, hot links, BBQ shrimp... Goodness. Go get the two meat combo with any sides and be prepared to count the hours until you can go back. Also, don't miss the biscuits and apple butter.
Excellent beef ribs. I was surprised that they were so good. The boyfriend wanted to try them, but I doubted they would be good, so we only ordered 3. They were delicious. Also ordered brisket and it was also really good. The peanut slaw is the pretty good add well add the vegetables, corn and garlic mashed. 

Regular BBQ sauce is tangy with a little kick. The boyfriend liked the spicy BBQ sauce. A lot of choices on the gluten free menu. I'm glad to have another GF restaurant with so many options. 

We ordered the food to go, so I had a Bloody Mary while I waited. It was really good. The perfect drink for a  New Years Day hangover.
Note: I only give out 5 stars to surprisingly EXCEPTIONAL, best-in-class establishments.

The portions here are absolutely huge.  Appetizers can be large enough to accommodate a reasonable lunch portion, and salads can be large enough for two full portions.  Some choices are offered in half portions.  Fountain drinks arrive in a large mason jar.  At first, I wondered why the glass was so huge.  Then I realized it's a matter of convenience for the server so he/she won't have to run back & forth for constant refills. The bisuits are delicious with just a touch of sweetness to them.  The apple butter is technically not true apple butter, but it's delicious.  

The food is delicious, and service is good.  Our server was quite friendly, and service was spot on.  The hot towel provided at the end of our meal was a particularly nice touch.  

Give Lucille's a try--it's worth a reasonable wait time and you won't be disappointed!  It's good, but not exceptional.  In my opinion, I would consider giving a 5-star review if Lucille's reduced the sizes--and accordingly, the prices--of their fare.  Reasonable portions at reasonable prices would fit the Southern BBQ joint motif better.
we had lunch at Lucille's 1/3/2014. first of all our server was outstanding,but there was quite a wait for our main course to arrive which i don't think was the fault of our server. i ordered the shrimp Po'boy and my wife had the catfish Po'boy. and both sandwiches was far below our expectations. my shrimp was far overcooked with little or no flavor, plus there was more batter than shrimp (small). next trip we will stick with the bar-b-que. the smoky wings made up for the Po'boys.
Probably the best BBQ I have had in Vegas. Great service, clean and friendly. Their side items are YUM-O! 

You get large portions for anything you order and they have drink specials. Great place for casual dining or you can get fancy here. Definitely more upscale than other BBQ spots.
I have enjoyed the Las Vegas Lucille's many times.  Ribs, beans - don't get much better
Did takeout. Brisket sandwich with mac and cheese. The brisket was SO shredded it was unidentifiable and it didn't have any beef flavor. The Mac and cheese was average. So sad I didn't care for this.
First & foremost THE BUTTER!!!! Oh my! I could have really eaten it with a spoon & forget about the biscuit! 

There were 7 of us total which included 1 Vegan, we ordered 2 appetizers & the family meal to share & left with a ton of leftovers. Next time we may not do the appetizer platter which we only ordered the 1/2 plate cause by the time our meal came we were stuffed! Good food, loved the BBQ.

However, (there's always a "however") the service :-( our server kept forgetting everything we asked for. Seriously we had to ask twice or ask a different server. I was tempted to go get the water, plates, etc myself! For sure the next time I go, I may ask to sit at the station of the best server. I never mind leaving exceptional tip 20% & above if the service is 2 thumbs up. Don't get me wrong, we still tipped this guy very well but it was just because we felt sorry for him & my kids are in the food service industry. But my kids know how to give sincere excellent customer experience. 

Should I rate a 3-4? Food was awesome, service eh!?
This is the perfect restaurant to keep in you're pocket when no one in your party is sure what they want or can agree where to go.

If you like quality BBQ, this is an excellent choice. It has a down home country feel and a southern BBQ flavor. They start you right with sugar biscuits and apple butter. The southern sweet tea is served in huge mason jars. Plus there is a variety of sauces to choose from. 

The menu is extensive. Having been here many a time, I've tried everything including appetizers, salads, non-BBQ items, and specialty drinks. I've never been disappointed with taste. Portions a sizable for food as well. But as far as drinks; the cocktails tend to be small and weak so if you're in the mood for drinking, stick to what's on tap.
Talk about amazing BBQ! I am sad I waited this long to go to Lucille's. Great atmosphere, friendly/helpful staff, delicious BBQ, big portions, some of the greatest food I've eaten at any restaurant. I ate the beef ribs. They were perfectly smoked and prepared. I didn't need to add any BBQ sauce, but I did anyway. I tried the original BBQ sitting on the table and loved it. I had the Mac and cheese and BBQ beans as my sides.  The Mac and cheese was so creamy and stingy. The mix of spicy Nd sweet in the BBQ beans added a great flavor to the side. My boyfriend had the fried chicken which was perfectly breaded, well seasoned and the chicken was very juicy.  We are instant fans of Lucille's and are already plotting our next trip back.
The way the host and seating is done is a horrible system. They text you which allows u to leave the area. We saw one table empty for over 25 minutes, another for 10-15 and one for 5 minutes. We were 7th on the list to be seated but these tables were empty for so long. When we asked hostess about this she was nothing but rude.  Food is good but not sure I'll be back bc of the service. Very disappointed
A friend invited me over for dinner at this place with his family and friends.  I am glad I took his invitation.  The waiting and serving staff were excellent, they were very helpful.  I ordered a large bowl of jambalaya, it was mouth watering and delicious. Bread rolls were made fresh, peach tea is excellent.  Recommend this place to anyone.  I rate this place a four star because I didn't try there ribs.
I have loved Lucille's ever since it first arrived in Brea, California...was delighted to discover there is one located in the Las Vegas area and had a wonderful lunch with my friends on 2/4...service was great, food was awesome....I brought back some baby back ribs, greens and grits for my friend, a woman who REALLY knows her soul food, and she absolutely loved everything!  Hope to visit Vegas again soon and have another incredible dining experience at Lucile's...y'all ROCK!!! P.S. Please come to Phoenix!!! xoxo
Good food as always but tonight we had even better service tonight with Ashley,  we were seated in the bar. Ashley was super sweet, personable & the service time was fast. Ask for her when u go!
This is my FAVORITE BBQ place in Las Vegas. The meat is juicy and the flavors are great!
Lucille's cut their portions!! (See Photo Below!) It's been about 6 months since we last visited. This was by far the worst experience. My guess is that business has slowed so someone made the decision of cutting costs by cutting down on the portions. 

First off we were a party of three and they brought us only two biscuits. Could have been an honest mistake here but it didn't get any better when the food arrived. 

I ordered the two meat combo with tri tip and baby back ribs ($27.99). It comes with two side so I got the Mac n cheese and bake potato. When the food arrived I was shocked to see only 4 slices of tri tip and 5 baby back ribs! For $28 this is a pretty cabs deal! I usually get the two meat combo and i usually have leftovers to take home but not this time. I ended up eating the entire plate of food and was still hungry. Sadly this was the same experience the others in my party had. 

If you don't believe me, just look at the photos that people have posted 1-2years ago to today's photos. They even stop serving watermelon slices with their food. You have to order it as a side now! 

Anyways, a great BBQ place is now not so great. The food might still be good but it's no longer worth the value. $28 value to be exact.
I'm not a math major so if everything in this review doesn't add up to a 4 star my bad. Lucille's can be a 2 star on one day, a 5 star on another, a 4 star on another, and a 3 star another. Luckily I've never had a 1 star.

The interior, exterior, and environment are very cool. There's an outdoor patio and a live band. There's a bar. It's located in the District and near the Green Valley Ranch Casino. They have a huge BBQ smoker right in the middle of the dining area which I thought was just for show until they started bring out a ton of meat and loaded it. They serve drinks in a mason jar. Their BBQ sauce is good and can be purchased. Their accommodating for large groups. All very cool things.

Their food for most parts was alright, sometimes inconsistent. I've been here a few times and had decent BBQ ribs for a chain restaurant but satisfying. I've had ribs where the meat just pulled off the bone. Most recently it was pretty overcooked and barely had any meat on it. What little meat it had tasted good for something tough chewy but everything else was good. Sometimes the portions are huge and sometimes they aren't, you leave hungry.

It's a good place to chill and hangout, watch a game, have a few drinks, and eat some BBQ. If it was around the corner I'd be here almost everyday but not always to eat. I'd probably be back if out of town visitors or others wanted to go or if I was in the area. There's another Lucille's closer to me now though.
I have loved this place for years, but my last two visits have been terrible. On my first visit my wife and I were enjoying lunch when I spotted a cockroach walking across my table.  I didn't make a big deal out of it I merely put in a napkin and handed it to the waitress.  She was very nice and got her manager.  I didn't expect anything as I know this was not intentional, but we did lose our appetite.  The manager apologized and ordered us a round of beers which we didn't want and didn't drink as we were there for lunch and didn't intend on drinking to much.  The manager then apologized for sending us an additional round and comped our first round.  We didn't go for a few months.  I recently returned on Sunday and had some of the worst service I have ever had.  I was there for lunch again, and the bar area was pretty slow.  Our waitress came by in about five minutes time which was not a big deal.  We ordered waters and a ginger ale which they were out of.  When the waitress returned with our water she took our order a burger, a BBQ salad, biscuits and fried pickles as an appetizer. We received our pickles pretty quickly but no utensils no extra plates and no biscuits.  We then waited a total of 30 minutes with no contact with our waitress.  This was the first time I have ever walked out of a place.  I didn't want to deal with the waitress so I just went to the front to pay for our pickles.  The cashier was confused as to why we're leaving, so she called her manager.  Her manager said oh it looks like you ordered some food it is almost ready would you like us to box it up. I said no thank you I would just like to pay for what we ate and leave and explained to her how long we had been there and how poor the service was.  She apologized and said that the pickles  would be taken care of.  To be honest I used to love this place and would go often for dinner and drinks with friends, but after these two visits I will never return.
Very good customer service the food was great way better than the one at Red Rock!!!!  Would come back!!
I don't like to give "meh" reviews, but here goes...the food is great.  Biscuits and sweet butter are to die for, ribs are yummy, LOVE the cornbread.  BUT, you can very much tell that the servers/bussers are trained to get you OUT of there.  I was having a nice dinner with my friend, and they cleared plates out of nowhere...so there went our cole slaw, baked beans, corn bread, and biscuits that we were still eating.  Annoying!  As a foodie, though, I would still go back (I'd rather have great food and poor service than vice versa) and just make sure I'm paying attention to what the servers are doing.  They wanted us out ASAP!
OMG what a joke.... Let's see do I start with bad waitress , bad food or bad corporate chain trying there hand at BBQ...

Let's start with waitress who would be talking as she was walking away like she had better things to do other that take my order. But then came the food which my beef rib was like a hard bone. Coleslaw had zero taste but then who cares because once u got there beef ribs did you  really wanna taste anything else they serve?

We made the trek from the strip thinking it was a local BBQ hangout , instead we got a corporate chain....

Now I know my BBQ, and fly to Austin just for it. And this place is no
BBQ standout. So my advice is stay away.
I seriously thought this was going to be the best barbecue in the whole wide world, the way people used to talk about this place. Do I like it? Yes.  Do I love it? Not in love.

The food was good. The service was even better. Our server was the best! She explained the menu, came by with refills often, and got our food out in a reasonable time. The environment was nice as well. They took reservations and were very professional. The bathrooms were also very clean, which is a plus!

The ribs were the best thing on the menu. The half chicken was also very good. It was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. The brisket and the pulled pork were just very plain to me. I've had it waaaaaay better at other barbecue restaurants around town. The greens were really good. The mac & cheese was just okay. The strawberry lemonade won't let you down.

I would recommend this place if you're craving some barbecue and are in the area. I don't know how much better it is than Famous Dave's. They each have their own positives and negatives, but I don't think Famous Dave's has greens as a side. Plus, the location is prime since it is in The District. You can go shopping at Charming Charlie afterwards!
Nothing not to love about this place!  Great service, atmosphere, and smell haha.
The food was good and you can get anything you can think of when you think classic BBQ.  Be prepared to be intoxicated by the delicious smokey smell as soon as you walk in!
One of my favorite places in Henderson! There isn't anything I don't like about the restaurant. I've eaten there a few times and my favorite meal is country fried chicken with veggies and mashed potatoes. I think side dishes at steak houses are usually bland, but even the vegetables here were perfection. The rolls with the Apple butter are to die for! I also like that there is an option to eat outside and in the winter evenings they have heaters on so it's still comfortable. I take all my friends and family to when they come to visit!
My review would be 2.5 but that seems unfair since my side of greens  was good.  That's where it ends for "good".  Baby back ribs were tough and didn't fall off the  bone.  Rather boring actually.  Fancy smoker does not equal the love that is needed to make good BBQ.  Rolls,- ok,  fried tomatoes - ok, fried pickles - ok, everything needed sauce for flavor.  Waitress was good but the food took forever to arrive and wasn't hot, barely warm upon arrival.  It's a chain restaurant....
Very good!!!  And good bands on Friday & Satutday!!!   Only thing too much mayonnaise on cole slaw!!!
Its been an hour since we ordered our food... I came here at 6:45 and its 7:48pm... definently will not be coming back.
Awesome food! I can't get enough of this place. Amazing food and amazing service. Highly recommend trying there baby back ribs. They just melt in your mouth. The patio is heated too so on a cold night it's nice to sit back and relax while watching people play around in the district. I also love the renovations!
Good food but over priced. And the service wasn't the best. It was actually rather horrible.
My family and I loved this place. The BBQ Sandwich was phenomenal, along with the cornbread and mac and cheese. My wife and son were excited to get some good sweet tea for the first time in a while. We sat out on the front "porch" and it was a beautiful night. The food was amazing and decently priced. We really enjoyed our experience and will be back very soon!!
This food is amazing, I had given up on bbq food until I came here WOW. Art was our server and he was astounding with friendly and efficient service. 

Proportions: HUGE, YOU WILL HAVE LEFT OVERS

price: I got a two meat combo for 28 dollars but it came with HUGE beef ribs (three bones) and five pieces of tri tip, along with two sides. Also got an additional cup of clam chowder for 2.50 but that was also amazing.

Service: had Art who was just amazing in every way. He will get you anything you want or need.

Waiting time: took a long time although we came it at 630 pm on a Friday night so that was probably why it took like 35-40 minutes but IT'S WORTH IT.

atmosphere: really loud because of the live jazz music so hard to chat with everyone at the table but it was fun music and even was greatly set up so it didn't feel crowded or anything. 

QUALITY: this food is amazing especially the beef ribs, they are huge and tender and delicious and you get their homemade bbq sauce selection and the best one was the smokey sauce. 

Overall I will not only be coming back ALOT but this has become at least my second favorite restaurant and will be bringing everyone I know and recommending it to any tourist who asks. YOU NEED TO EAT HERE
The worst while I'm typing this review our orders hasn't arrived yet. I won't eat herd again
It didn't even receive a 1 star but it's a required field!!  We came here to celebrate our Easter Sunday with the family.  We had 3 adults and 2 kids.  Being that it was Easter Sunday, we knew that it was probably going to be busy and just as expected we waited for 25 minutes to be seated.  After we were seated, the lady who sat us had a bad attitude.  Being that we just got out of church, we let it go.  We ordered and I was looking forward to tri-tip BBQ with cheesy grits and braised greens.  After about 30 minutes, we noticed that the larger party who were seated much later than us, were getting their orders.  So we asked our server about our food and he told us it was because the kiddie burger was ordered well done and so it takes a little longer.  After another 30 minutes, we asked again and this time we were told it's because they are short handed.  Our food started coming one by one and each plate were cold.  My aunts fried catfish was cold and fries were cold and stale.  My tri-tip BBQ platter was cold, the cheesy grits was cold and so was the braised greens.  In fact, the braised greens was so cold that butter was clumping.  The well done kiddie burger was cold with stale fries.  We couldn't believe they even served it!!  We talked to the manager and she was going to fix it.  We waited for another 45 minutes and still no food.  We were so hungry that we just walked out.  This ruined our Sunday afternoon!  Shame on you Lucille's BBQ!!  Terrible customer service!!!
My new favorite place. Everything is delicious. Do yourself a favor and eat here ASAP. Had the BBQ  tri tip and it was one of the best thing I ever had. Also the service is amazing, Justin was a great waiter. If I was a inmate on death row ,this would be my last meal for sure.
I love this place.  The biscuits and apple butter spread is the best part! Def a place I like to go a couple times a year. Some of the best bbq in Vegas I think. If you haven't been here yet. You're missing out
I go to Lucille's pretty often and it usually doesn't disappoint. They have the best fried pickles!!! ( if your into that sorta thing) They have great salads and burgers, and of course the bbq aint bad either. I tried the shrimp po' boy sandwich and I was not impressed, its way too much bread and breading on the shrimp.
Only gave 4 stars because of the wait, but it was the dinner rush so I understand.  Ordered the fried okra and was happy. They were crispy and not soggy at all! Had the portobello beef brisket sandwich. It was great, but a little too much bread so finished it without the bread.  Let's be honest I'm not picking if that's my only complaint. Mom and daughter shared a half slab of baby backs and they were licking their chops! Wife had brisket sandwich and she was licking the plate!  Bottom line there was a whole lot of finger licking and a whole little chit chat!  This was my second visit and I love it just a as much as the first time!!
I could eat Lucille's every day, every night and every hour of the year. I would be 200+ pounds, but I would be happy.

Lucille's recently released their new menu which denotes gluten free items. If you're worried about not having a bunch of choices to eat here, have no fear. You will have plenty of options here if you have a gluten allergy, and all of the staff seems very knowledgeable about the allergy which makes me feel very comfortable eating here.

I love the feel of this restaurant and the layout. You can either eat outside, inside in the enclosed porch, in the main dining room or in the bar. My husband and I like to go to their late night happy hour in the bar because the music is great (we love the blues), and the drink and food prices are very reasonable for the quality of food and booze we consume.

It is easy to share a plate at Lucille's, especially at dinner time. We normally split an entree and get a half appetizer and/or salad which is plenty of food for us. We have yet to eat anything at Lucille's that isn't delicious. The brisket can sometimes be a little dry, but most of the time it is juicy with just enough of the fat and barbecue bark on the outside to make my tummy sing. I am a huge fan of their smoked chicken, whether it is the breast of dark quarter, I could eat it all. The trip tip is always perfectly cooked, and my husband and I can happily eat our way through a plate of rib tips in under five minutes. The hot link is great, and if you want to go bananas, try the beef rib. The rib is a meal itself with a decent amount of fat, but it reminds me of the ribs I ate in SC which were always delicious. 

Their smoked brisket salad is exactly what I wanted it to be. Smokey, sweet, savory and delicious. We've had most of their sides, and my favorite are their sweet potato mashed potatoes, creamy coleslaw and potato salad. Beware: If you get the baked potato, know that it is massive enough to share between two to three people! And their stuffed baked potatoes are nothing short of carbohydrate goodness. Sometimes stuffed potatoes end up being all potato by the end, but they really stuff the potatoes here at Lucille's, and they are great!

All in all, I highly doubt you'll be disappointed if you eat at Lucille's and love barbecue. Regardless of the type of barbecue you like, you'll be satisfied eating at this restaurant.

P.S. Their drinks are crazy good. I like their Skinny Drinks, especially the one made with gin and basil. Not too strong or sweet, but it packs a punch! My husband is a fan of the Crocodile Cooler which, even though it is all alcohol, masks its strength with the right combination of juices. Just know that after one, you better eat some food to help sober you up!
Me and my family eat out frequently and most times leave disappointed.... This place really surprised me and you definitely get what you pay for and more! My husband had the ribs and OMG they were perfect! I had a jambalaya pasta dish that was a little spicy how I like it and it was to die for!!! You must eat here not to mention the host are great and very attentive!
Wow won't take reservations for a party of 8 or more. After being on hold then transferred twice and then being told just to call 20 minutes before arriving to be put on a wait list. I'm not impressed with their customer service. Hey if u don't need my business I will go somewhere else.
Returned here for dinner since my hotel was nearby during the week. I was seated asap and my waiter took my drink order.

I went with the 10 oz tri tip, mac & cheese and sweet mash. The tri tip was amazing-super tender and the light BBQ sauce was heavenly tasting. As before, the mac & cheese was average but the sweet mash was definitely a hit.

BTW the red beans and rice dinner was discontinued but they still offer other southern Cajun entrees.
I took my friend to dinner here last night.  I had a brisket and portobello mushroom sandwich with sweet potato fries.  My friend had the brisket salad.  We arrived approximately 10 PM so the place wasn't too busy for a Saturday night. So the service was great.  The food was fabulous! The portions are humongous! I could only eat half my sandwich.  The place is still loud but I think if you can get past the loud music/people you will enjoy the food for sure!
This was our first visit to Lucille's in green valley and it was definitely worth it. Lu was our server and he was awesome! He walked us through the menu and explained how they slow smoke their meats. His menu knowledge was excellent and he made sure we didn't over order. We will definitely be asking for him next visit! The food was amazing as well. Biscuits and apple butter were out of this world! And the tri-tip.... You could cut it with a fork. Everything we ordered from fried okra to cheesy grits and sweet peach tea was delicious. Would highly recommend this place! And ask for Lu! You won't be disappointed!
I went with a group of people at 7:30 on a Saturday night. It was packed. We ended up sitting in the enclosed wrap-around porch. What was a little odd was that they had live LOUD music blaring, and a lot of families with little kids. You couldn't have a conversation without yelling at somebody. We didn't have kids, but I would have walked out if I did. Anyway, I ordered brisket -- which I think is the litmus test of any decent BBQ joint. It didn't pass. The brisket was dry and hard. I even picked it up to see how easily it would come apart. It didn't. The gang had chicken and ribs, and they were happy. Maybe I should give up on brisket. I've been to this place for lunch a couple of times and the barbecue is decent.
I can't say enough good things about this place! The food is tasty, the atmosphere is fun and most importantly, the price is reasonable. I've sampled the roasted artichoke, BBQ sauteed shrimp, burned ends, rib tips and pulled pork sandwich and everything has been tasty! The complimentary biscuits with the honey butter are a nice way to start the meal. My tip is to go on a weeknight between 5-7pm to enjoy the happy hour drinks and appetizers.
In a nutshell, not as good as Famous Dave's but better than Memphis Bbq (I'm only talking about BBQ chains). 

I had a gift card so we came here for lunch on saturday. Very crowded. We were seated in the back near a large party celebrating a graduation. And shortly after we were seated, another party sat down; one of the ladies was super loud (it never fails, we always end up next to a loudmouth who announces her business or who sounds like she's with someone who is hard of hearing. I had to tune her out towards the end). Service was very good. It's like we had an army of servers. Our main one was sweating, he was busy.

The sugar topped biscuits and apple butter was my favorite menu item. Deliciousness. Almost like a crisp firm outside and inside it was soft but not doughy. Finished off with apple butter, which melted, mmm. 

Big Menu. From the lunch menu, we each had an individual platter, 3 meats, ribs, brisket & chicken, with 1 side item. Hubby chose the garlic mashed while I opted for the potato salad. The meat portions were quite small, the sides more generous. The salad was good, but there was something missing. Maybe it was a bit mild. The bbq flavoring was good (but Famous Dave's is better). The brisket was lean, the chicken was better if you got the breast (hubby did, but he offered the rest of his breast to me, aww). On the ribs, I kept getting some tiny bones (I wasn't eating the bones, I was getting grossed out, sorry, had to use a napkin to discreetly dispose of it). The sauces on the table, only 3- a sweet one, a spicy one, & I forget the last one (FD's has a lot more). I liked the spicy one. Oh, and the peach tea was refreshing. Drinks are in mason jars (like memphis).

Large place, smoker is in the middle of the main dining area, & there is seating outside in the front. Clean restaurant. Nice ambiance compared to the other bbq chains that I mentioned. Cloth napkins. Warm damp washcloths are given after your meal is done. Nice. Servers wear an all-black uniform. Staff is very nice; greetings on the way out.

We did bring a to-go box for the little one. Also had a remaining balance on the gift card (so we are coming back, but ordering other things). And since I signed up for the e-club (ahead of time), I got a $5 off coupon which we used too.
Currently guzzling Perrier. Ate too much because god damn it was great. Ribs were my favorite. Now fat is bulging out of my own ribs. Going to roll to bed now.
Delicious.... just delicious. I recommend parking very close to the restaurant because you will have a difficult time walking after that mac & cheese.
Not quite my taste for Texas Brisket considering I'm fromTexas. But great Memphis pulled pork. Sauce is bomb diggity no doubt. Love the location too in green Valley. Definitely a nice spot to get your fat on. Awesome place.
We have been to Lucille's before and this one is just as good as the others. Our waiter was awesome, we received refills fast and never felt ignored. I was starving so we started with some onion straws(half order - that looked like a full order). The biscuits were a great start. The wife had the pulled pork and garlic mashed potatoes, she was happy with her choice. I had the Mardi Gras Chicken, I loved it!!! The kids tried the ribs and chicken, they left full and happy too. 

Always a good place to eat for families.
Amazing! Good quick service. Our waitress  Amanda was especially helpful. Thank you Kings Fish House for pissing us off and making us come here.
Best BBQ in Vegas!  Great staff and greater food.
There is nothing worse or pisses me off more than not getting  your correct food ordet from online or drive up window. It is so aggravating when you get your food to your final destination you discover you have something in  your bag of goodies that you either did not order or they gave you the wrong food but in Lucialls case i did not get what i checked in the online menu options. How difficult is it to read the exact same menu and get the customer the item they selected on a menu they provided for you online. 

I should have suspected things would get screwed up when I first made a phone call to find out if they had any dinner specials. A girl answered in a Valley Girl., Kardashians stupid ass voice and said "uh dinner yes we are open for dinner". No I said do you have any rib dinner specials.  Again same voice like she just walked into the world of humans" Uh yes we have ribs"  I was so frustrated at that point I just hung up and decide on the online option. 

Lucalls offers a great online experience. It is the rest of their process that needs improvement. . So with apprehension I ventured out for the first time with the online process. It was very intuitive and easy to complete the order. I received a confirmation email and a time that my order woud be ready. So far everything is perfect and exactly what you would expect from an online ordering process. 

Assuming  everything i ordered is in the bag and casualy looking into the bag ,  I can see everything looks fine all food present and and accounted for. U get home and the nightmare begins when I take the food out of the bag. 

1) They gave me the wrong salad. I ordered the Wedge and received a token house salad, I requested Blue Cheese and received Ranch. 

2) I requested Green Beans with the St Louis rib dinner and received Collard Greens and Baby Back ribs. 

3) The 3 miniture Shrimp and 1 shred filet piece of  Catfish dinner should be classified as an appetizer not as a dinner.

4) The Cajon  Pasta dinner was the only good item that I ordered. IT WAS VERY GOOD AND THE SAUCE WAS EXCELLENT WITH THE LINGUINE. 

5) The ribs were Ok , nothing very special. If they would have given me the correct St Louis ribs I don't think it would have been any better. 

6) Customer Service 
When I had dinner there a few months ago at the bar, the bartender was excellent service was excellent very friendly. I would go back and eat at the bar. Not sure if I ever want to talk to the people they allow to answer the phone.

ALL THAT FOR $74.00 and no customer service other than someone did not read my selections from the online menu or check for accurancy. . I would probably go back for the pasta dish it was exceptionally good.
We were a party of 15, large, but not extreme.  It took at least 15 minutes from the time our drink order was taken until we received our drinks.  Our food came out very slowly, one or two orders at a time.  So slowly in fact that the first person served was over half done with his dinner before the last two were served.  We had to ask twice for silverware for someone that was served early.  The brisket was great, the tri tip was alright.  The grits were good but could have used more salt.  The waitress was friendly, just slower than should have been.
This place is always so good. We shared a plate and it was more than enough food. The portions are generous. Our waitress, Kristina was excellent. She was very attentive, up sold without being pushy and anticipated our needs. The next time we come we will be sharing a plate and ask to sit in Kristine's section.
If you're looking for the best BBQ in Vegas, this is it. It beats out Rollin Smoke, Famous Dave's, Road Kill Grill, and Dickeys.

The ribs are to die for. The brisket is inconsistent, but when it's good, it's the best I've ever had. Even when it's not their best, it's still better than the other places in town. Their sides are always good, whether veggies, beans, succotash (OMG the succotash!), mashed potatoes, sweet potato fries, and also the best coleslaw in Vegas, not my favorite of all time, but the best in Vegas. Both the peach and strawberry lemonades are made with fresh fruit purée and are so thirst quenching and deelicious!! This place only lacks at making BBQ sauce. Sonny's Sweet and maybe even Sweet Baby Ray's is better. Sometimes we get food to go and put our own sauce on at home. That being said, their MOP SAUCE is killer! I always order mop sauce on the side. With the mop sauce, I don't even think about their BBQ sauces.

The portobello cheese brisket sandwich is also really good if you're not in the mood for a meat plate.
Me being the BBQ snob I am I had my doubts about this place. Well it didn't turn out half bad. I was a little surprised I liked this place but the BBQ was good, not great but good. As well it was a little different style than I prefer but will not hold that against it. I will say one of the big things I will hold against the place is the ridiculous prices. Two meat plates here are 25 bucks. The day before I had all you can eat at a better place for 27 and that included dessert. Okay now lets get down to the meat of the subject. 

Pork ribs - Underdone, didn't pull from the bone. With a sweet sauce coating them. I think ribs are about the easiest thing to get right. Well they didn't 

Burnt ends - Once again not even close to burnt ends that I have had. They were okay but not great. 

Brisket - Nope still not what I was hoping for but not bad. It was good brisket but that is about it. The 1st plate brought out was lean brisket and it was overdone and dry. The second make up batch was from the decale and more like I would want. Either way it wasn't great it was just good. It did have a smoke ring and a slightly smokey taste. When it come to brisket you could do much worse. Of course you could also do a lot better if you want to go to Austin TX. 

Beef ribs - Last but not least the beef ribs. These are the full size beef ribs but seem to be lacking some meat. I enjoyed these most out of the whole meal. I will say i don't think a sweet sauce should ever touch beef. It should be salt and pepper only. But this was actually pretty good. I would recomend these but don't expect it to have as much meat as you would get in TX. They are also not charging 26 bucks a lbs here either,  from what I can tell. 

I will say when it came to sides I really liked the mac and cheese and the bbq beans. These were really good sides to order. As well the bread and butter than came out premeal was delightful. 

This place earns the 3rd star for the service and the somewhat helpfulness of the wait staff. The bbq is good but not great. You can do better at maybe one other place in vegas that I have had so far, and you definately could do a lot worse at a few other places. 

I would come back if someone else was paying.
My favorite place to go for bbq! But you have to come during lunch special hours!:-) their bbq is amazing, they have the best sweet rolls with Apple butter and great sweet tea. If I could, I'd eat here every day!
Very very good bbq here! Love the bbq half chicken; was very moist and had a great flavor. The lucille's chicken salad is also really good. For sides, the corn succotash is just ok, but the mashed sweet potatoes are quite tasty.

Nice southern feel to the restaurant and the mason jars that all the drinks come in are a really great idea.

Service is pretty good. A few times we've had some waiters who seem very new and don't check in very often.

Overall, a really nice little bbq joint.
This place is really good. The biscuits and apple butter... yummy!  Be careful because you might accidentally fill up on that. I had the brisket, baby back, and hotlink lunch combo. The only reason it's not 5 stars is because the beef was a little dry but STILL very delicious.  The Original Sauce is my favorite of the three that they offer and the peach lemonade is huge and refreshing.  The staff is very friendly!!! Next time I'm in Vegas I'll be sure to stop for some good food.
The best thing on menu is what everyone talks about at this place the Tri-tip. Had rack of ribs and they we ok, not great, but good. It was Father's Day when I had them so I cut them some slack they were probably overloaded that day. Nice touch though they gave all Fathers a $10 gift card for coming in. The Strawberry Lemonade is awesome. Loved the macaroni and cheese side. Most restaurants do it poorly this was real mac and cheese.
I have eaten at this restaurant three times now and believe I can now post a review: This is a pretty good place for barbecue. Pretty good.
So if you are in the mood for a pretty good meal AND you like barbecue in general AND you don't mind eating in a restaurant that is excessively permeated with wood smoke AND you don't mind paying prices that are more suitable for really good barbecue, then Lucille's will  suit. 
As I said, the barbecue is pretty darn good. The side dishes are mixed. The baked potato, which I have had three times has always been room temperature--which in summer is cooler than outdoor temperature.
The staff is pretty good as well. Somewhat attentive, almost giving off a sense that they care about the fact that I have chosen to bring my family to dine. But not quite. The Prices are high for both the quantity and quality of the meal. Not outrageous, but higher than I would expect .
In summary, the meat dishes are good, the sides are marginal to lame and the wait staff often seems to be 'calling it in'. Not my favorite, but not the worst either. It will work in a pinch.
Bad food. Cole slaw and veggies didn't show up until I asked. Unseasoned catfish fingers and shrimp.  Tips of the rib tips were thinner than a green bean. Oh well, I have a $100 gift card. Guess I will have to buy a box of BBQ sauce. Well the manager Chrissa came by and was so delighted to hear their shortcomings that she comp'd the meal!
Love this place but don't go here with a small appetite.  And be sure to make a reservation if you try to go on a weekend.  I usually get the half chicken, two meat combo which give me plenty of left overs for the next couple days. Their tri tip cannot be beat and I love their sweet potato fries.  I've also had the baby back ribs which are also amazing
I'm was very upset with my waitress!!! She got the wrong order. I ask her for St Louis Ribs for $17.99. Instead she brought me brisket's. I ask for a manager a lady came by and saying sorry for the wrong order. She also said she won't charge me for the ribs I said that's not right. I told her I will pay the rest of my order and don't worry bringing me the ribs. I was already claiming down, until the waitress waited for the manager to leave and approach me and my family, she told me I did order the Brisket and my wife said it too. Not true at all plus my wife never said a thing. That fired me up and I was very upset with the waitress. I felt this waitress thinks I'm cheap and a lair. Screw you lady!!! I'm sorry you ruin my family dinner and I put in my profession 12 to 15 hours a day!!! Thanks a lot!!! The only thing clam me down is the lady manager. I will close on this, I did pay my drinks and also donated $10.00 plus the bill at $7.58 equal $17.58. I'm not cheap and I do tip good to people that care for customer service!!! I treat my customer with respect and truthful. I will not mention the lady's name, she knows. The positive thing is the band was playing there is awesome!!! Listen the food is good there and I will continue my business with the restaurant but somewhere else. Sorry but I don't like being treated like a lair plus cheap!!! Have a nice night. The lady manager was trying her best to make happy. Thank you for that, but I told you, I don't like be treated like crap. Sorry for this review but it needs to be said. 

Thank you 
Jayson Wells
I've been to Lucille's about a half dozen times now.  I will never go back.  The ribs were dry, tough and barely edible.  The brisket dry and tough.  It was like the food had been under a warming lamp for hours.  The service was mediocre at best.  When we complained to the manager, she couldn't have cared less.  On the positive side, the beer was cold, at least.
I'm not much of a BBQ man, but I must say that this BBQ was delicious. I went with some coworkers and the sliders are delicious. The plate size can go to a extremely large plate for just one person. Though overall, the burgers were like a usual burgers; but those sliders were something different.  A kind of taste you can't really get at a typical restaurant. That meals can get a bit on the expensive side; though based on the quality of the food and the price. Some of the orders are a great deal; deals like 3 kinds of meat for only around 10 to 12 dollars. I must state that I loved the fact they gave us mason jars as drinks instead of a typical water cup, really goes with the southern BBQ aura of the place and gives you more to drink. Specially if you order one of their teas, that seem homemade and like real tea. 

All the waiters that we got were all respectful and did everything with speed. We got seated right away and our drinks were ordered and ready in no time. The food took a while since there were four different orders. But there was always a waiter coming back to check on us and filling our drinks back up. I never went with an empty drink. Our waiters weren't there 24/7, which was nice since they gave us time to talk and enjoy the southern environment. The warm towels at the end to wash our hands and face is definitely a great add, never seen that at any other restaurant. 

The whole aura of the place is a southern BBQ home, which is exactly what I saw. The tables and the chairs weren't anything fancy, but where comfortable and definitely looked like a family table.  The whole aura went along with the food and the drinks. It all fit together like a picture film.
Excellent food.... But also excellent service.... Be sure to ask for Tanner's section because he delivers...great customer service......I will be back....for sure....
I am thrilled that there is a new girl in the take out station who I believes name is Brooke or so it says on the paper on our bag.  Brooke is very friendly just as she is helpful and makes us really feel like we are receiving the "southern hospitality" that lucielles is all about. Much improvement from the last take out lady on the weekend who seemed almost irritated to be there and a little confused at times.
Kelly's Cajun used to be my number 2 favorite fast food in the valley. I'd regularly pick up a Blackened Chicken /  Honey Lemon Chicken combo after a long night evening in the lab at ASU. It was quick, the portions were extremely generous, and the Asian family that ran it was always friendly and acted like they were old friends whenever I'd drop by. 

Unfortunately the family that ran it is gone and the food has suffered for it. 

What was once a delectably spicy Cajun flavor on the blackened chicken, is now scaled back severely and is mild by comparision.  The garlic noodles were once actually garlicky are now just slippery and greasy. The Honey Lemon chicken is now overcooked and has lost nearly all of it's unique sweetness. The most egregious difference is that the new ownership has entirely removed the Cajun potatoes from the selection of sides available.

If I were to write this review a year ago, I would have agreed with the other review by W. It was a hidden gem in Arizona Mills mall. It's now just meh. I'm now looking for another spot to get my Cajun fix. Any suggestions?
I didn't expect much from a mall food court cajun restaurant. I tried a sample of the Bourbon Chicken and it was incredibly good. So I got that and the cajun shrimp and garlic noodles.

The  Bourbon chicken was nothing like the sample I had just tried even though they got it from the same dish. The one I tried was full of flavor, moist and plump. What I was served was small over cooked pieced of chicken that were bland.

Now regarding the shrimp, maybe this is was how it was supposed to be and I just did not know it, but I did not expect to bite into a FRIED piece of shrimp with the shell and legs still on! Thats right they breaded over the shell. You had to peel the breading off so you could take the shell off.  What a friggin mess. Now I will admit that the shrimp and breading were rather tasty, but so not worth the effort and mess.

Now the noodles. mushy, sticky flavorless. need I say more?
Wont be back to this place ever
This place is going through an identity crisis. Obviously owned by the Suki Hana next door, there's just a few things here that are really scream Cajun. Blackened fish? Check. Bourbon Chicken? Check. But chow mein and steamed vegetables in soy sauce? Um no. Being served by an entire staff of Chinese people doesn't fool me neither. 

Now the bourbon chicken tasted good enough and you pay about $6 a plate. But their Asiatic version of black bean rice was flat. They should try to create some side dishes to go with the main course meat that you know, are actually Cajun. Like French bread, pea soup, jambalaya rice, Cuban soup or even stuffed peppers. At least the meat was thoroughly cooked and not too greasy. 

The seating is horrible. On any given Sunday, you can sit in their cramped food court and it's almost certain that some fat chick with an oversized diaper bag and her toddler with a leg sticking out will walk behind you, bumping into every chair. And you can forget about trying to carry a conversation in this place.
i'm not a creole food expert; i've never been to new orleans; my only exposure to this way of cooking is new orleans takeout. so imagine my happiness when a cajun place opens up 3 blocks from home!

as soon as i got over the fact that i couldn't compare the two, i remained elated. bab's blackened catfish po' boy is pretty darned good. however, if you're the opposite of me (a creole expert), you might be disappointed in the lack of "blackened" flavor. i'm a fan of tasting the fish with a hint of seasoning. the soft, french roll holds the flavor of the butter sauce nicely, though i sometimes wish there was a smaller bread-to-insides ratio.

i've also tried the shrimp and regular catfish po' boys. i wasn't too impressed; i couldn't taste the fish or seasoning. it was just breading and grease. and butter. and bread.

the dirty rice is simply a bowl of white rice with sausage and green onions mixed in. the person who ordered it made a "meh" face after trying it. however, the gravy fries got two thumbs up for flavor and sheer awesomeness.

so, i order takeout from bab's at least once every other week and the catfish, service, and speed have remained consistent.

as of last night, they're still open tues-sat 11a-11p, and frequently feature at least one person in the front window playing music.
The gravy fries are definitely good - super crispy and I like how the gravy doesn't overwhelm the fries or make them soggy.  Although, I don't understand why they need 5-6 types of fries on their menu?  The BBQ shrimp side was really disappointing.  They weren't even BBQ'd, they were more like boiled and then coated with some seasonings and sat in this unpleasant sour sauce.  I was also disappointed with the catfish po'boy - I think I'll try the cajun chicken sandwich next time.  We also had the cole slaw which was served in a cereal sized bowl and was ok but not great (we hardly ate any of it actually).  The one thing that did make me really happy here was the slice of pecan pie with whipped cream...mmm...
Let's start by saying that I have been to New Orleans a few times, so my standards are higher than most.  I think our friend Babs needs to stop using Sysco brand food and start working with higher quality ingredients.  She also should concentrate on the dishes she is best at.    We had the red beans and rice, with sausage as one of our dishes.  The temperature of the dish was not hot enough.  The beans weren't spicy.  The other dishes just lacked that "umph" that you get in NOLA.  Even here in Wisconsin, we should be able to produce food that has a little pizazz!  The spicy shrimp I got weren't even browned.  They just had some sauce on them.  It wasn't good.  Period. Frankly, I would recommend driving to Milwaukee and hitting Crawdaddy's if you want a taste of New Orleans.
We went to Bab's feeling a bit skeptical due to the reviews we read here on Yelp and in the comments of a review we found through google but decided it was worth the risk because we had a $25 off gift certificate from restaurant.com. 

Though we were rather skeptical due to the ratings here on Yelp, we were actually rather impressed. Everything we ordered was delicious, the waiter (also the owner I believe) was super friendly, and the prices were very good considering the large portions. 

The only thing I can think of that I didn't like was how dark the dining area was and how loud they had the music blasting. It was almost hard to keep our conversation going sometimes.

Anyway, negatives aside...if the food is always that tasty I would definitely go back!
Get your butts down there and try the friday fish fry with a hurricane.  Or I love the blackened salad ANYTHING.  A lot of people are partial to the Po-boys.  Babs is so fun and friendly.  It is really laid back.
My favorite soul food joint in Vegas!! Very small restaurant with a simple decor. The best seafood gumbo I have had in a very long time. Catfish is always fresh and the cornbread is pipin' hot!!  Make sure to check out the live jazz bands throughout the week!! Perfect setting for a glass of wine, good food and great music!!
closed
I'll get right to it. Their fried chicken is the best. It blows Lolo's out of the water!  It has a light, crisp coating, the chicken itself was juicy and well-seasoned. Per usual, I got the hot sauce bottle at the ready. But after tasting that chicken, I set it right back into the rack. It didn't need a thing.

Honestly, the chicken was better the first time I went, rather than the second time. I think the second time, they cut back on the salt. 

There was great praise for the fried catfish and the red beans. My dining companion is from New Orleans, and she raved about the red beans. She claimed they are the closest thing to the real deal that she has tasted, outside of N.O. I thought they had a slight earthy, smoky flavor to them, that I couldn't quite pinpoint (maybe sage or file?), but was quite tasty.

The cornbread was mighty fine too (IIRC, it was sweetened). Next time, I'll pass on the mac and cheese. I thought it was pretty bland -- tasted mostly of the starchy sauce, little of the cheese. The noodles were cooked to oblivion. But mac and cheese is such a subjective matter. I am sure there are many others who will love it.

The greens were really delicious. Salt, fat, sweet, and spice were all represented in just the right ratio. 

I have not tried the desserts, so I cannot comment on them. I did note that they have red velvet cake, and several soda cakes. Yum!

Atmosphere-wise, it is a comfortable little place that has live music and comedy on the weekends and evenings. The staff is super-friendly and even a little chatty.

So stop by Lil Mama's and have some chicken!
There's just something funny about a white guy and his latin boyfriend noshing on soul food in the desert. But what's not funny is how dee lish the food is here at Lil Mama's. And how fun just to say lil. Perhaps the two t's and the e at the end put them over on their sign budget. But I like it. Lil Thomas likes it. The enormous serving of fried chicken was crisp and succulent. Yes, I said succulent. How many of you have used that word today? Side of red beans and rice were faboo. Five stars to the mac and cheese and collard greens. The smothered chops were not my fave and I would try another main dish. Perhaps the catfish? Huge tumblers of sweet tea to chase down this caloric feast hit the spot. The space is sparce with vintage looking 
African American art. I noticed a performace space near the front window. The ham in me wanted to jump up there and do the Steve Martin front porch dance from The Jerk.
I'm from the south.
I found the menu choices to be limited.  The food is only okay.  
The food is definitely overpriced.

The Friday live music is nice though.
Just finished my lunch from Li'l Mama's- chicken and waffles. Stacy's and Lo-Lo's have nothing to fear. I liked the waffle, but Lo-Lo's is crispier and has a little something extra- cinnamon, maybe? I also liked the chicken- at first. It quickly became super heavy and greasy in a way that neither of the aforementioned restaurants prepares it, especially Stacy's. 

The restaurant is fairly small, with a stage at the back for live music on Fridays. I got quick and friendly service. The credit machine was down, so good thing I had some cash. 

I will probably be back once more to try the catfish and sides. There wasn't really an option for chicken and sides for their lunch specials. The sides usually make or break a soul food place for me, if their protein isn't stellar.
I went with a group of people whom had been here before and loved it I thought it was ok. We waited to be sat for a few minutes and the place was pretty empty so it started off just ok fro me. The server/owner sat us while she was talking on the phone which anywhere else would have been so not right, here it actually seemed ok! That being said the atmosphere was very laid back, like there was not a care in the world, and judging by the decore, and clutter in this place I have a feeling i am right on the money. The menu was ok, no greens? I like greens with my southern cookin. I must say the fried chicken was some of the best I have ever had. It was so crispy on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside. The waffle was good but had nothin on lolo's. The corn bread was a bit dry and the mac and cheese had good flavor but it was over cooked and mushy! I don't like the dirty taste of catfish but this was not bad, and the okra was okra. I would go back if someone else wanted to go! O the coke was flat!
my husband, our friend and myself ate at Lil Mama's yesterday and had a real pleasant experience. My husband and I both ordered the chicken and waffles and our friend got the rib plate. 
We all split an ordered of fried okra. The breading on the okra was great. Not too much breading, it was just right and seasoned well. 

The chicken and waffles plate really hit the spot. The chicken was yummy! The seasoning was so good. The waffle was decent. Not real crisp, but not too soggy. I found it to be just right.

The sweet tea was great! It was prepared just how I like it. It wasn't overly sweet at all. 

I enjoyed the hot sauce that was on the table. I'm not sure if it's a home made sauce, but it had a good taste. The smell and taste weren't pungent like most hot sauces. It wasn't loaded with vinegar. 

The service was friendly and quick. 

I'll be living closer to the old 'hood soon, so I'll be able to enjoy the food at Lil Mama's more often.
Closed
Another in my ongoing series of places my teens like better than I do. 

Iguana Mack's has a casual bar-roadhouse atmosphere. The menu is an odd mix of burgers, BBQ, Mexican, Italian, and a lot of other stuff thrown in. The diners were all younger than I. But I actually liked this place. 

First, they had this chicken puff pastry with paprika cream sauce thing that was delicious! Second, the wrap-around patio is awesome, and Third, they have a foosball table. Pretty cool.
Iguana Mack's is a lot like Guthrie's Tavern in Chicago: drinking mixed with board games. However, Mack's has a Southwestern slant and is geared more toward the college-aged crowd.

Sundays are industry night, and drink specials are determined each hour by spinning a wheel'o'deals. It's a novel concept but becomes annoying when a Girls-Gone-Wild-type announcer yells the drink special over a crappy wireless microphone. And most of the drinks are silly cocktails and beers a 21-year-old would enjoy.

Our server seemed new at her job, coming to the table without knowing the total for our drinks, hovering around and interrupting our conversations. 

She even talked to us DURING a round of Scattergories. Don't break my concentration, toots. I play to win.

On a side note, Mack's has TONS of outdoor seating. If the weather's nice, the patio is wonderful. And if it's a bit chilly, the outdoor area is heated by a fireplace and propane burners.
My opinion of Iguana Mack's is limited to dinner and the drinks I had with dinner. The prices for appetizers and entres are about average for a bar/restaurant.  I wasn't impressed by anything special in the dcor, but it was kept up nice and appeared fairly clean.  I came on a Wednesday night, and the place was pretty packed; it was tough to find a parking space!  The outdoor seating area was packed with sports fan watching the latest game, and the sets broadcast the events at full volume.  It's definitely quieter inside, for those not interested in watching a game during their meal.  Service was a little slow, but there's a lot of ground to cover for one server!  My drinks were ok, as was my dinner, but they were nothing to write home about.  I'd come back, because there's not much better in Chandler.  However, they did just open a Dos Gringos next door to Iguana Mack's, so maybe a diner considering this place should think twice.  Especially if that diner's a vegetarian who likes the noise level at medium or quiet when he/she dines...
its walking distance for me so sometimes i break down and have a beer on their porch, but the service is generally awful and dont even think about eating there.
Yea, Iguana Macks and 4 stars. No I have not lost my mind and no, I do not think Iguana Mack's is the Mary Elaine's of Chandler. The four stars is for a variety of things. Mainly, I am looking for an inexpensive week day restaurant where I can get a dinner with a side and a salad a few drinks and some dessert and be under $50 for me and the espousa  and Iguana Macks does that and it does it quite well - everything is really fresh, made on the premises and done well. Service is quite nice, always helpful and quick to put in your order. Odd being served dinner by an 18 yr old in a tube top and sparkly eye make up but I make do.  So how does one consider going to Iguana Mack's for dinner when the game, a pool tournament and the canned beer crowd is in full swing...Here is the strategy. 

First, get past the beer crowd, yes it is extensive and there are days when it is unclear where the parking lot ends and the patio begins but leave behind the $2 can beer and the pork sliders and step into the restaurant. You will find a nice selection of dinner options. They have changed the menu, added a few more pasta and salad choices. They have been offering homemade soup for lunch. They claim their rib eye beats Ruth Chris's, I don't know if I would go that far..but it a very nice aged piece of meat that is well seasoned and comes out just as you ordered it and for $16 that is really tough to argue about. The bread your meal starts with is hot, fresh, and made that day. They make their own salad dressings and they make their own desserts, at least the pies. I have to say I really enjoy their dinner menu and if you can get past the patio and look away from the pool table crowd, you will have a great week day meal. I have always had really nice service..Again it is Iguana Macks and it is 4 stars. So, put down your $2 can beer and grab yourself a dinner plate!
Ah, Iguana Mack's. There are so many words that are on the tip of my tongue, but they are far too explicit for a virgin yelper's eyes, so I shall opt for the "sugar-coating" route.

If you are a fellow Chandler resident, you can truly empathize with the fact that there aren't many bars to choose from (atleast, not to my knowledge). Being a closet alcoholic, I want to choose a bar that's atleast within a ten mile radius so I can sober up, and drive home without attracting a cop's attention. (Warning: Do not attempt to try at home.) Occasionally, when Tempe seems miles away, and Scottsdale isn't even an option, I go to Iguana Mack's with my friends.

The first time, I had a joyful experience. The bar was packed, the alcohol was flowing through my bloodstream, the packed, small dance floor seemed appealing, and the liquor impaired my taste in men and dancing partners. However, when I decided to go to Iguana Mack's again, I realized how horribly slow the service is, and how inattentive the bartenders are. I decided that it was endurable, and decided to give Iguana Mack's another shot - I adamantly believe in equality and justice.

Can I say RUDE, RUDE, RUDE? Horrible, horrible service. The food is mediocre, at best. I suppose when you're boozing, you aren't overly particular about your choice in foods. I would have had an alright time if it weren't for the rude servers.  Other than that, this place is happening, by Chandler standards...it's densely packed on Thursday nights. However, I'd rather risk a couple more miles and go to Maloney's in Tempe.
We were each extremely impressed by the food at this establishment.  We decided to try the Sirloin Sliders as our appetizer course.  The portion size was immense for an appetizer, but the flavor was spectacular.  Even without the horseradish and au jus, the meat and Cajun onion straws had very good flavor; however, when combining those two sides, the dish was a perfect blend of savory flavor and heat.  

For entrées, we ordered the Chicken & Pesto Fetish and the Pulled Pork Sandwich respectively.  The chicken sandwich was fantastic, served on a toasted ciabatta roll with a very tasty pesto spread.  The chicken was moist and flavorful, and was complimented nicely by the saltiness of the feta, an interesting choice for such a sandwich.  It was delicious.  The pulled pork sandwich was equally impressive.  The pork was full of nice smoky flavor, but what made the sandwich most interesting was the coleslaw topping the sandwich off and adding a totally unexpected texture and flavor.
Mack's used to be our preferred late night stop.  When my friends and I all worked 2nd shift, this was the best neighborhood bar we could go to.  I'm not sure if it's management and staff changes, or if it's the new Dos Gringos that opened up next door, but something about Mack's just isn't fun anymore.  

Service: Spotty at best - if you can find a server when they are busy, they make you feel as if you should be apologizing to them for bothering them.  They are great about clearing empty bottles and glasses of the table, but try to get a fresh drink - you are better off wading through the crowd and going to the bar.

Food:  The food is still good, but again, the service isn't - so unless you are ok with cooling food and waiting for a while, it's not really worth it.  

Crowd:  Not sure what happened here, but the douche bag to human ratio has spiraled out of proportion.  It was always a biker type place, with plenty of normal people mixed in.  Now, it's full of obnoxious guys in polo shirts with popped collars who think groping you on your way to the bathroom is just good fun.  It may be that the frat boys are getting lost when they try to head to Dos.  

Sadly, while I will still meet friends up there on occasion, it's not my first pick anymore.
Went here for dinner on Sunday, and had a blast.  I love a good burger, and I was really happy with my experience at this place.  It's a roadhouse type place, casual, jeans and tshirt type place.  They have a couple different seating areas, and I sat at the bar cuase it was just me.  But, they also have a dining room, and a patio as well.

I was really happy with the service when I was here.  My server was amazing. I told her it was my first time here, and she went through the menu with me, telling me what some of the popular dishes were. I ended up getting the BBQ burger with no bacon. Instead of just slapping fries with it like all places do, I actually got to choose a side.  I went with cheesy potatos!

I will be returning here again, as its a nice, relaxed atmosphere without comprimising service or decor.
Iguana Macks can be a great reality check. If anything, it will remind you how suburbanites in the rest of the country get down. Take any themed tropical bar, ala Rainforest Cafe, that you might find in Bakersfield or Indianapolis, and throw in a dancefloor and some Buck Hunter - and ta da - you have Iguana Macks!

We found ourselves here after a cornhole tournament died down a few neighborhoods away. This place is quite the mob scene on weekends and feels as if half of the singles in Gilbert and Chandler are up in here wearing their evening best -- whether it be from Wet Seal for the ladies or guys sporting black/white caps over their brows ensembles from TapOut. 

So you have a few choices:
* Try to engage in some mind-numbing small talk with the regulars.
* Be among the first (because no one else in the club is drunk enough) on the dancefloor to the local band doing mid-90s alt rock covers.
* Or hide in the corner with your friends, and avoid everyone while sharpen your Buck Hunter skills.

We tried those three options in exactly that order until we couldn't take it anymore.
I ate a pie out of the display case here while totally shithoused once.

They found out and berated me, but didn't kick me out.

Now that I'm sober, I look back on my antics and realize someone should've smashed me with a barstool, but Iguana Mack's had patience.

For that, five stars.
Iguana Macks is one of those place you hate to love. Almost any night of the week is full of the usual suspects. It gets really busy on the weekends. There is a good mix of people and I've never seen anyone feel out of place. I love the patio, good people watching. Inside always feels a little too crowded. 

Unfortunately they think that specials should only be reserved for Red Stripe (or Red Piss as I like to call it), ugh! The bartenders are some of the coolest I have ever met. The waitresses on the other hand.... With the exception of one or two, the waitresses suck. I'm not even sure why they are there. Most of the time I think that they are other patrons hanging out until I see one carrying a tray. Security here is really cool, too. They've always acted appropriately, and on occasion have given us slack we didn't deserve. 

As I only come here to drink at night, I have never eaten anything here but it must not be that bad. Macks is owned by the same owners of the Chandler institution known as Riga Tony's, which has a longer history in Chandler than I do. There is a dining room and the few times that I have been here around dinner time the place has been full. And I believe that the kitchen is open until 2am. 

Many nights they have live music. Sometimes out on the patio or on the stage inside next to the dance floor. And sometimes both. 

If you're ever in Chandler you'll know that the pickins is slim in the bar department. Macks is never a bad choice if all you want to do is have a beer and chill.
Comfortable place for a casual drink after work. Pool tables, golden tee, and friendly bartenders. 
Always treated very well here with excellent service in the bar, as well as restaurant. 
*The holiday celebrations here--St. Patrick's Day, Cinco de Mayo, etc. are the best in town.
Lively crowd on Friday and Saturday evenings.
My review is based on a weekday lunch, so my experience is necessarily different than the after dinner drinks crowd.  The best thing about this place was the Coke. Aging clientele, utterly bland food, lackluster service, and tacky decor all combine to make this one experience I won't be in a hurry to repeat any time soon. There are so many better options nearby, starting with the downtown Chandler/San Marcos complex.
The only thing really good at Iguana Mack's are the Freedom Dip and pies. Everything else is usually a miss. I love the freedom dip though it's a steak sandwich dipped in au jus sauce.
I get to Iguana Macks everytime I head to the East side.......The food is awesome......They got a relaxing enviroment for after work...or a pumped up party for the evening or football.....And being I am a broke  $%^&'er I really appreciate a good happy hour!!!!
I really like Iguana Macks.  The food is very tasty.  My dog likes sitting on the patio and getting her special dog plate.  The only complaint I had was with the service which needs a bit of work.  There were not many people on Saturday (noon) but it still took a while before drinks and food arrived.  Overall, it's a great place and a place where I can take my dog out to eat.  4 out of 5 stars.  Very reasonable prices too!
This isn't Beverly Hills or even Scottsdale, OK people? This is Chandler and Iguana Mack's fits right in just North of the head shop and a little South of the 99 Cent Store. There's nothing wrong with just getting down with your bad Chandler self and having a glass of white zin over ice at Iguana Mack's. 

Best things about Iguana Mack's: 
5. No matter how I'm dressed I don't have to change or even put on make-up to go there 
4. Watching the people of Wal Mart guzzling a margarita like it's Dom 
3. Observing the weird dynamics of the frequent office happy hours that are hosted there 
2. Onion strings....mmmm....... 
1. DOGS WELCOME! 

Worst things about Iguana Mack's 

5. Service really sucks....slow on a good day. Slow AND hostile on a bad day 
4. It can get very uncomfortable if you make eye contact with a drunken WT soccer mom 
3. All the bikers revving their motorcycles right there not 5 feet from the patio 
2. Tables are so uncomfortable....I know its supposed to be rustic on the patio but anyone ever heard of a cushion? 
1. That lady from marketing told me she was going to email me pictures of my dogs from the Halloween Costume Contest and SHE NEVER DID!!!

Bottom line, it ain't Morton's but it's better than Chili's!
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):
n/a Food
9 *Drinks*
10 Service
8 Atmosphere
10 Value

The bartender was quick, didn't mind some custom orders, and was accurate.  2 double captains & 2 froofroo drinks = $20?  Yes Please.
Didn't eat, so I can't rate that.
I'm a fan- It's a nice get away from the Scottsdale bars I'm surrounded by and seems every time I go in there I happen to run into someone I know. Kinda like my own, "Cheers" type bar. After a few visit to start to figure out there are quite a few regulars. 

The girlys that work there rock and the bartenders are pretty friendly and pour a stiff drink for sure. The food is not too shabby, and the overall crowd is pretty cool. You really get a variety of all types of people there, so you will definitely fit in.

Last but not least they have a good selection of micro brews to choose from as well, just have to check out their specials.

Cheers!
I don't always frequent Iguana Macks, though its close to my house. When I do, service is sometimes its great, sometimes it sucks. When I say it sucks, I mean, there is a video camera in the bathroom and it can sometimes be hours before a waitress looks in your direction even though you.. and your table, are waving at her. Its a nice place though and there isn't anything there that would make me not want to go back. That's why the 3 stars.
Its alright! Food is good! Your usual town bar! Dos Gringos is just next door! I only will go if there is Happy Hour with a lot of my friends! Kinda took awhile for our waitress to notice my drink was almost done before she came to ask for more!
I wish you could give a place 1/2 stars! Iguana Mack's has great food! I love their sandwiches; they are all really unique and different from your traditional lunch places. Oh and they have tatter tots, I miss those from elementary school!

Their food deserves 4 starts! But because the service is usually pretty slow and I have been forgotten about at least 3 times during the lunch hour, I think they deserve at least a 1/2 a star less.

If you stop by for lunch you have to try the Sirloin Sliders, they are very filling and come with an Au Jous, if only it was the same au jous as Riga Tony's their sister restaurant! But it is still pretty good! 

Their Club has alfalfa sprouts, which is weird, but it works! And they have a really tasty Ruben! 

A good place for lunch, but not if you are in a hurry!
Can't tell you about the food.  Never got waited on.  Don't have enough time left in my life to wait around for someone to wait on me.  Two waitresses came into the section, looked at us and never came back.  Manager offered to get us coffee, then never came back.  Just walked out.  Only recommend you go there if you have many years left in your life to wait around.
okay food and crappy service.  I'm sorry to know that they also own Rigatony's which initially  made me think so much better of this place.
Went here for happy hour on a Friday afternoon. The waitresses kept the drinks coming and were always more than happy to accommodate us. The $3 happy hour typical bar food was pretty good too. We had some kinda peppery hot wings, waffles fries and calamari, which surprisingly was not rubbery at all. After the reviews here I was expecting to wait forever and be slapped around for asking for another drink but neither happened so it was a good night.
Pet Peeve #1 - When Yelper's give an establishment a bad review based solely on service issues alone without staying to eat. If you didn't even eat the food then are you really entitled to write a scathing review? 

...knowing this...I'm about to piss myself off and break my own rule...because I'm going to do the exact thing I hate; as described above. Damn me. 

My brother and I went out on a week night a while ago for some reverse happy hour grub, and just so happened to cruise by this place. Upon seeing the uber-cool iguana wearing sunglasses on the sign which instantly reminded me of those cool 80's IZOD shirts, we knew we had to stop. Sadly, upon entering the place just had this grimy look and feel to it, the kind of feel you get when you stop at a Dairy Queen in some one horse town on the way to Vegas. The experience that followed is summarized below: 

-We park and enter the front door. 
-There is no hostess or visible employee anywhere. 
-We wait for a few minutes trying to figure out what to do. 
-Still no employees around...we wander the whole place...and to our shock do not find a single waiter/waitress/hostess/bartender/cook anywhere. 
-We go back to the front room, standing there confused about what we should do. 
-Wait five minutes. 
-Walk around again...still not a single employee of Iguana Macks to be found anywhere. 
-Leave to find a better establishment...in this case...Applebees. (Which is saying a lot because I hate Applebees.) 

...can someone explain how a restaurant/bar like this can be devoid of any/all employees around 10 o'clock? I was tempted to go and ask one of the inebriated bar patrons, but it just didn't seem worth the hassle. I would have liked to try Iguana Macks; but sadly wasn't given the chance. It shouldn't be a challenge to eat somewhere...an establishment should be courting you for your business, and this was the complete opposite. 

Now the bigger question is this...where were the employees? Some of my theories: 

-An all at once employee weed smoking break 
-They were transported to an alternate timeline and are now living in a parallel universe where they work for a classier restaurant. Kind of like 'Lost' for wait staff. 
-Employee Orgy 

...eh, who knows...but I'm just not too jazzed about going back to try this place. It left a bad taste in my mouth and I didn't even have any of the food; that's saying something.
A bit pricey but very good food.
Awesome job with Chandler Chamber lunch club today. You served 60 people quickly and thoroughlly. I am considering bringing you 25 lunches every 2 weeks. Keep up the good work.
Awesome happy hour and awesome bbq and food!! Has a great patio to boot
I went here for a monthly Meetup group on Monday night 9/20.  It is held in the back banquet room.  I am new to the group so it was my first time there.

The food came out very slowly so that several people were left sitting while others were eating, but that is not the fault of the servers.  It was Monday Night Football night so I'll chalk it up to that, though the restaurant didn't seem that full of football fans.

The 2 (maybe 3?) female servers were great.  There were 22 of us and they were very helpful and responsive.  I asked for the A/C to be turned down for about 20 mins. because I was too cold.  They did it right away and it came back up right around 20 mins. later.  (How many times do you go to a restaurant and they tell you nothing can be done about the A/C??)

I had the Mediterranean/Greek salad with chicken added in.  It was very good.  A big portion, so I took it home and ate the rest for lunch the next day.  I would definitely order that item again.

The servers did a great job of keeping everyone's orders and separate bills straight, not an easy task.  They were very pleasant and helpful and I left a 3 dollar tip because they deserved it.  I hope others did the same.
Good hummus, and sampler platter.
OK.. this a long time coming! 
We have been going to this place since Chops and City Limits! 
(GOD- how I miss the City Limits days w/ Darrin and Lisa tending Bar!)

We have been to Iguana's a few time; It's close to the house and it's not awful! I know- not a raving review.. so why the 4 stars??
IMO above average Menu choices and Bar food. Good HH drink prices and HH menu prices; The Mrs's and I can have 3 drinks each- split 3 HH food items and get out if there for about $30..And normally we have have good service in the inside Bar area.

In a nutshell- I'd take guest there for a drink and grub! Yes, outside patio can be loud and smokey- BUT FOR GOD's SAKE; it's a bar!! 

Voice your disappointment! If you have crappy service- Flag down one of the Polo Shirt Wearing managers walking around! 
Reviews are right! the have different (odd) theme night when the waitresses dress in differently, no set uniforms so they are hard to find in a crowd. Sometime they all wear IM tee's.
This place is pretty cool. We went by on a Saturday and was pretty busy. Had live music outside in the bar/patio area. we sat inside in the bar/lounge area and there was also a full dining room as well on the other side. Fun atmosphere, music, TV's. Service was really good as well. what i really liked was the extensive menu.. im a girl who is all about options and this menu gave me more than enough. Apps, salads, burgers, sandwiches, steak, chicken, seafood..pretty much every category was on this menu. i highly recommend the wings..they were absolutely delicious. The sweet sauce they come with was effin' addicting you wanted to find something else to did it in after the wings were devoured just to eat some more of the yummy sauce. We got to fish entree's..came with warm bread and oil as well and salads before the meal. Everything was really good. im really picky about my fish( its something you either get right or horribly wrong) and it was good which if they can get fish right everything else should be just as good. def will be going back here to try out other things on the menu..and those damn addictive wings swear they put crack in the sauce..
Great grub. 

Get the veggie pizza as an app, outstanding. 

The food is a cross between Fridays and Denny's. Biscuts & Gravy to steak sandwiches on ciabata bread. Highly recommend it. 

Robert Pfeifer
I went here last night for dinner and drinks. Let me start off with the good. Place was nice and big and very crowded. I had the Patty Burger it was dry and the fries were not cold more like luke warm. Had it been cooked the way it should have it would have been a great deal for $6.75. I also ordered Captain and Coke $5.50 which to me is a bit pricey but it was good and they do free pour. I think next time I will try the Happy Hour I hear so much about and maybe it will be better.
Having not eaten here since this was Chops, I decided it was time.
Very pleasantly surprised! 

Pub food with a cajun slant.
Things I didn't like: The decor, the seats, the darkness, or their logo. Staff being in street clothes was a little confusing, I almost elbowed the busser when he reached across the table for an empty plate.

Forget all that. The food was really good!

The meal opened with fresh ciabatta bread (w oil/vinegar) and side salads loaded with cheese, bacon, eggs, tomatoes, carrots, onions, etc - or not! They customized each one! Other places would call this a cobb salad and charge you $6+ for it; here it was included with our entree.

The sirloin slider appetizers are basically little mini french dip sandwiches. Shaved beef w jack cheese topped with crispy onion strings and served with both creamy horseradish and au jus. This is a meal unto itself.

The sweet potato fries were thick yet crispy, crispy not greasy tater tots, and Sour cream potatoes au gratin were just a few of the scarfable potato sides, and they have non-potato sides too!

It's been ages since I had a blackened catfish that I would recommend, and here it is at Iguana Mack's! Nice charred crust without over cooking the fish. Not too much cayenne or rosemary in the seasoning, nice balance of flavors! Like I said before, recommended!

Looking forward to coming back and trying some of the other menu items.
SO this is my favorite local hangout, especially for Happy Hour M_F- they are good for many things... and before 9pm, its a family friendly place, in or outdoors!

  Best happy hour in the East Valley by far and an amazing patio with live acoustic jams from 6-9pm. Then after 9, if you want to get a little crazy, they have an indoor DJ that spins house and a mix of 90's/80's. 
  I will say it can be a bit amateur after 10pm, but if you're hanging on the patio, its always a great time. 
   Make sure to order off of their 3.00 Munchie Menu for some cheap eats that are fabulous!!
Went to IM's for the first time because we bought the Groupon.  Had great service up until the end.  Took over 15 minutes to checkout.  Our server couldn't get the manager to redeem our groupon.  Meanwhile the manager walks over to another table and was talking to them.  The server then asks the manager to redeem the groupon (personally I don't think she asked her in the first place).  At this point we haven't seen our bill yet.  We finally got the bill and we needed change.  Server had no change so she had to get it from the bar.  Ugh...it was just a mess.
Oh, and she told us that we weren't in her section, so then when here section was not busy she forgot about us.

Food was good, but I wont be back for a while.
Headed to iMac's again for HH (Happy Hour)- gotta say; GREAT value!! We have a total of 4 appetizers, 6 drinks.. The bill was $36!! HH service is fair, as with most bars during HH. The only downside was the Jose Cuervo Hoochie's that past me up and didn't drop off any shots!!..And that's not iMac's fault....I blame the Hoochies!!
PLUS- use the YELP Smart Phone app and check in.. get a beer for a buck!!
I had a groupon that I paid $15 for $30, great deal, and have always wanted to try this place, so Megan and I went there on Saturday night.  I got a pulled pork sandwich with slaw and some sweet potato fries.  Megan got the steakhouse red, a pasta dish.  My sandwich was ok, and the fries were great.  I have never had sweet potato fries, and have always wanted to try them.  Our salads were great, fresh, just enough dressing.  Megan's meal, on the other hand, was just plain nasty.  She picked out the meat and ate that.  I tried it and didn't like it either.  I would try this place one more time, but would never order that meal again.  Take my advice, don't order it either.  I'm not kidding, it was just nasty.
Awesome service always! Get a coupon for dollar beer when you check in on Yelp! Great patio with misters. A definite must for the summer!
Went to Iguana Mack's on a Monday night, manly looking for a place to eat because the oven/stove unit in my place was broke and dangit I was starving. A friend and I wanted something that we haven't had before and didn't want to go far from where I lived, so we went to Iguana Mack's with no idea what we had in store for us. Everything on the menu looked temping, I settled on the Freedom Dip which was roast sirloin with caramelized onions, pepperoncini peppers & Muenster cheese (oohhh my fav cheese) comes with au jus & horseradish sauce, the horseradish sauce is creamy and so dang good!! Loved it!! The roast sirloin wasn't as tender as I had hoped it be, I do love roast beef dip sandwiches, and was hoping for the melt in your mouth kinda of feeling but that wasn't the case, but other than that the sandwich was good, for the side I ordered the sour cream au gratin potatoes, now that was heaven, reminded me of my mom's dish she makes! We both ordered the chocolate cream pie, which was still frozen so to me it wasn't as good as it could have been.  Can't say my experience with Iguana Mack's was a bad one, but not sure if I would go out of my way to go back, but glad to have tried it out.
I think the decor could use some work... the seats are old and the tables rock a bit... and the drunks get a little sloppy after 10, but the food is pretty tasty.

Everything from the burgers to the pasta jambalaya... yum. Even though it's a bar, and bars aren't often known for their steaks, I recommend trying to prime rib on the weekends.

Oh, and if you're lucky enough to snag a slice of blueberry or apple pie, you better not hesitate!
It's actually a little pricey for the portions.  We got the chicken fried steak which was really good, but not that big.  So, I was a little disappointed.  But overall, the place is nice and staff, friendly
Good food. Good service. Worth going back for. Portion sizes do fluctuate a little.
They have a great outdoor patio with live music before 10pm and a DJ after 10pm indoors, so get ready to dance all night! 

Sat nights they have $2 Miller Highlife, not a bad deal :)

I have yet to try their food but have been reading on here that it's good! But I will definitely be back for the live music, dancing, and cheap beer ;)

Fun place!!
Blue Moon on tap..........check

Divey bar-ish atmosphere...........check

Fun decorations on the wall (such as Redneck Road).......check

Outdoor patio with live music..............check

Motorcycle parking on the sidewalk.............check

Delicious fish tacos.....................check

Cute waitresses....................check

Close to home.................check

What more can I say?  Decent joint for some local vittles and suds.
this place is chill and they have a makeshift dancefloor outside. it has a good yelp check in deal. fun environment but sometimes it can be too chill or too crazy.
I would give it a 3.5 but the amazing happy hour deals give it that extra .5 stars!  I have never seen our alcohol tab so cheap!! If you "check-in" on yelp you get a beer for just $1! My boyfriend got the shrimp po boy and I had the fried catfish while we watched some monday night football.

I must say, we almost decided to just get the appetizers since they are cheaper during happy hour!  Our main dishes were soooooooooooooooo big omg!  We also had the calamari appetizer and I don't know what we were thinking. So much left overs. My fish was really good, I wish it came with rice... the fillets were giganticcccc.  My boyfriend also enjoyed his po boy---all in all, a very good experience

Sit outside if it's warm enough!.
Get out your Yelp smartphone app... and check-in. You know why? Because every time you do... you will receive a $1 domestic beer. That is a big deal when you are looking to booze it up on the cheap and don't want to get hammered alone in your car. Again, this is EVERY time you check in... not just every 2-3 times like other places.

The food isn't bad. I haven't ate here in a year or so but when I did, it wasn't bad. Now, it's not your 5-star food, but it is pretty good for bar food. And it can be totally on the cheap if you go at the right times. I will have to update when I've had the food more recent.

Now, the people. Honestly the ages range all over the place here. I've seen couples in their 50s come here... and then the I-just-turned-21 crowd. Everyone seems to get along. Fairly good looking staff as well (if that matters to you).

The place. This is kinda dive-bary. Kinda. I personally like it. About a third of it is outdoor and mostly covered. They have heat lamps out there when it is cold. I'm not sure exactly what days... but I've seen beer pong tournaments, spinning wheels for drink specials, and all sorts of wild things happening here. There are a few pool tables even. And the walls are laced with random things to gawk and laugh about. The bathrooms were actually pretty good last time I went, especially for a I-cant-aim-Friday-night-drunk-fest. There was a bathroom attendant there, who was pretty cool - and more dressed up then the Scottsdale clubs I've been to. You sir, are dapper.

Parking. Alright, I hate parking here in Phoenix. Downtown it is a mish-mash and some shady looking places. I never know where to park down there. Scottsdale, you better show up at 7pm, or plan on parking valet. Mill is OK, but you might have to walk a bit. Here, there are essentially 3 fairly good sized parking lots for Iguana's and Dos Gringos (next door). I had no problem finding a spot at 11pm.

Overall, this is a nice little alternative to Mill and Scottsdale. The people are much more down to earth and it is much easier to take a cab home if you need it. Plus, if Iguana's isn't doing it for you... you can always check out Dos Gringos right next door.
oh iguana macks....your food isn't awesome and your specials suck now. What happened to you. i live right behind dos and iguana and we used to come all the time for ladies night for the $1 drafts which are no longer in effect. the service is usually below average IMO.  it is rare if we go there now and the last time we went i learned of their no longer awesome deals so i can tell you right now my presence as well as my boyfriends will be even more scarce then we already were. I am a female and will give you my opinion straight forward since i don't have a penis between my legs. And no i am not being a hater or whatever I am just being severely honest so be prepared.  

The waitresses are not that cute....Ive seen good looking women and i have seen gorgeous women. They are average. OKAY?

Now food. I think the only thing decent here is the seafood paella even tho it seemed burnt to the skillet. SWEET. :|

The shrimp Po' boy sammich is PATHETIC.

pulled pork....PATHETIC(compared to mine)

i should not have to add more sauces to make it edible.

Mine i could eat it all day without adding extra things to make it mouth watering delicious.

I haven't tried their pies only because i am sure they would fail against my baking in a heart beat of a bite. Baking is my Forte and they would loose miserably...I'm Just Sayin.



So iguana macks....Peace out.
What Happened to Iguana Mack's?  Gotta be new management that has no idea how to run a business like this. Went there on a Monday night after 2 months of not going there. Sat on a patio that you normally have to fight for a seat. No music after years of live music, no music not even on the speakers.  One waitress with an attitude.   Almost none existant service.  Instead of being packed with neighborhood people it was mainly loud drunk low lifes.  They have chased the local clientele away and appeared they killed it.  Too Bad!!   I loved this place.   We got up after a nasty hour and went to Dos Gringos next door.
Sad to say this place has tanked.  I used to come here weekly since I live within walking distance.  In the last 6 months,  I have been disappointed to the point where it takes about a month for me to come back and give it a try again. Alas this may have been my last time here.

I went to Iguana Mack's in the morning(11am) on saturday. I sat at the bar(we were the only ones at the bar) and ordered food, appetizers and drinks.  The bloody mary's were awful - they tasted old or if the tomato juice was rotten. We saw a family sit down and attempt to locate a server.  After about 10 maybe 15 minutes they left after no one came to their table.  We waited over 30 minutes for the appetizer.  After we were told the appetizer would be right out when we brought it to the attention of the bartender we waited another 10 minutes before paying for our drinks and leaving.  Excuses don't do anything. 40 minutes without the appetizer and much less our meals is hard to justify.
Not my favorite spot. It looked promising walking in, there was live music, but too loud so decided to eat inside. Each food and drink  item we ordered was disappointing. This included wings, and some kind of Asian tacos, and a handful of mixed drinks.  Service was pretty bad as well. Our initial server never came back to check on us after our order was taken.  We  had to flag down other servers walking by each time we wanted something. Probably won't be back anytime soon.
Loud music all the time, unpleasant/ non attentive waitresses....but the food is decent.

The only reason Ill go here again is if one of my friends chooses it for something they plan.
Food ok. Good variety of beer. Cops everywhere! If youre drinkn have a designated driver or call cab.
New management, New menu
we have been 3 times and food was awesome all 3 times!  great service, cool outdoor patio.  Great Happy Hour specials.  We'll be back!
The brisket and drunken shrimp are great.  live muic was fun on patio.  New owners have done a great job with refresh and menu.  New servers are nice.  Price was right
Went in with a couple buddies last Saturday. Started off a bit slow but around 10 pm it really started to get crowded. Good looking crowd and a fun atmosphere. I will go back for sure.
Loved the menu and food quality with previous owner. First try with new menu and owners was not so good. Steak salad - steak was raw and unseasoned, blue cheese dressing was the consistency of water. Pork sliders were extremely soggy, tasteless, and had the consistency of dog food. The chili was acceptable. Definitely no quality control (or talent) in the kitchen. Now I know why the place was empty at dinner time on a Sunday.
No more hummus app or yummy bread? $7 for Captian which is the same price as Crown? Place was dead on Saturday and Dos had a line of people waiting to get in there. What happened?
Decided to come here because I found out they do trivia on Mondays.  I came in late but I was still able to join for trivia.  This place is a bar/restaurant with an eclectic feel.  There are random objects and frames on the walls.  Menu items were very reasonably priced. The soft pretzels are one of the best I've had.  I ordered the fish and chips and you get a lot of food for your money. The waitress (Bonnie) was very friendly and attentive.  Overall, it was a good time.
Been here once and it's okay. If I had a choice I would prefer dos gringos next door
I usually do not leave bad reviews, but this time I feel it's needed. I have been here two times now and the service is just bad. The first time I walked out after never being seated or even acknowledged.  I thought I would give it one last try a few nights ago and went back for dinner with my girlfriend. No one acknowledged we were even there, we waited for about 15 minutes and finally sat ourselves. After 10 more minutes of sitting and being ignored as waitresses walked around us, we finally got up and left. I would like to comment on the food, but since we were never served I can't. This place really needs new management...
Geez, I've been here about 60 or so times and never reviewed. I guess I used to frequent it back in its "Prime" (about 5-6 years ago) but it seems... sad lately?

So, the food is down home delicious cooking. I cannot complain here AT ALL. I do recommend coming here for lunch if you want some comfort food. 
The Prices are super reasonable. The crowd is laid back. No Scottsdale pop your collar crowd here - late 20s to 50s to families (during the day). The service? Meh. Again, years ago it was one of the things I liked about this place. People hustled! 

For me? It feels like a bad break up. The nostalgia is gone and I am not sure what to do with them anymore. If you're in Chandler and want to EAT and drink, I say try it out. Oh, and Dos Gringo's in next door when you're over it.
Hummus and delicious bread are back! Waffle fries too. Not sure what happened earlier this year. Happy hour prices were good but that was beer only. Not sure on drinks.
The food was greasy, the service was nothing special, and the drinks were blah. I wouldn't recommend them, but their happy hour is reasonable.
I don't know where to start with this place. When we got there, the place looked really unorganized and dirty with crumbs on the seats where we sat. Next the waitress seemed like she didn't want to be working there and was completely rude! I then got my salad that looked old with watered down ranch dressing. We were waiting for a long time to get our entrees and once we got them it was cold and was not tasty at all!! 

I will never be coming back here again the service and the food was horrible!!! If I were you I wouldn't waste my time and money coming here.
If you want a chill, relaxed place to hang out, go here. You can sit inside or out. There's recorded music inside and often a live performer or DJ outside. The food is always tasty even if it's just typical bar food, and the service very good. Everyone is super nice there.
Was here a couple of weeks ago for a friend's benefit. It was really great of Iguana Mack's to give the space up for them. It was pretty busy, so service was slow, but that's to be expected. I was enjoying my company so no big deal. All I ate were french fries, and those were pretty good. All in all an ok place.
I've been here a couple of times and I really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.  There is outdoor seating at the outdoor bar (two things I absolutely love), but unfortunately there is smoking out there.  That's the only thing I didn't love.  They give you bread with an aMAZing oil and vinegar with herbs in it before dinner.  SOOOOO yummy.  I've tried a couple of different things on the menu and the food has always been good.
Well it's been several years since we have eaten at this restaurant. Not since the rigatoni's people owned it. We used to enjoy this place quite a bit as the food was good, patio ambiance was nice, and the service is usually spot on.

Only one Sunday afternoon tried again with the new ownership and left a bit disappointed. As mentioned above, the Trinity of restaurant experience of ambiance, food and service are necessary for good experience; however, if one is missing, and drastically missing here, experience is just marred.

We took a seat on the patio and were not greeted for 15 min. yes 15 full minutes sitting alone like hobo Joes. I kind of felt like leaving and going next door to dos gringos. The server finally approached was far from enthusiastic seemed like almost annoyance to her to be waiting tables this afternoon. Almost zombielike, probably just hung over. In fact all the service staff that I viewed seem to have this zombielike hangover.

Anyhow, I asked her about the bloody Mary's and they were good as I assume they should be a roadhouse and she said, "the other awesome this bartender makes a really good." I smiled and happily agreed and waited in anticipation for this bloody Mary of greatness. She left and we see her again for almost 15 min. which is absurd. When she did come back to the table she didn't have my drink she just wanted to take the food order simply said, "you ready?" Not much the menu lead huh. She took our food order and didn't offer an appetizer before leaving so I had to call her back to order one. Still no bloody Mary.

When the bloody Mary did arrive we have been seated for about 27 min. yes 27 min. to get a drink. What's more disappointing is how awful the drink was. I'm not particularly picky as I felt you can't really mess up a bloody Mary but they sure did. Came out in a small plastic tumbler glass and literally tasted like tomato juice with barely any spice in it and no garnish whatsoever. It looked really sad and tasted sad. What really pissed me off was about 15 feet away there was a couple of guys seating at the bar who have bloody Mary's in glass pint glasses with a salted rim and a bunch of garnishes with some celery stalk and you can see from the color of the drink that it was made like a bloody Mary. REALLY!! It really sucks and I totally felt cheated. Restaurants without consistency drive me crazy. A Big Mac in Boston is the same as a Big Mac in San Diego. Your drinks and food should be the same. 

The food runner or cook came to our table with an appetizer of sliders and said, "your sliders." I told him that we an order that that we ordered shrimp and he said, "what you mean?" I found that almost comical statement as it reiterated to him that we had ordered shrimp not sliders. About 5 min. later shrimp came out. This is where I have a hard time deciphering between two and three stars for this place because the food is really good. The Cajun shrimp drunken appetizer was outstanding. I even thought of ordering one to go for later on.

I had a Rubin and my mom had meatloaf. My mom's diabetic and can have a lot of sugar and the meatloaf came out with huge blobs of barbecue sauce on it. I'm not sure that was my mistake and I didn't read the menu correctly but I don't think I would have missed that. Anyhow we scraped off the barbecue sauce and my mom absolutely love smoky flavored meatloaf she commented about three times how good it was. My Reuben sandwich also was very good with an ample stacking of meat which I appreciated. Coleslaw was obviously fresh and had a good flavor but lacked the will of the seasoning and punch. Again food was outstanding. No doubt about that.

After the appetizer was served I had seen that they have Corona light on tap so I ordered one. 20 min. to get a beer and I was nearly finished with my meal when it came. This is stupid.

The only other negative was that the facility needs a bit of a facelift noticed was the same furniture from four or five years ago and it's starting to show.

Bottom line I probably won't go back because I can't deal with atrocious service.
What a horrible experience.

We were looking for somewhere close to home to drink at. Chandler isn't that exciting but we were hoping that because of all the amazing reviews and the fact that it was Happy Hour that Iguana Mack's would be decent. 

We were sorely mistaken.

As soon as we walked in we were assaulted by someone belting Adele on karaoke. After the initial scare, I started to smile. Drunk people doing karaoke is usually very entertaining. So we went to the bar to enjoy the show.

The bartender was hard to get ahold of but when we finally did, he was gruff and didn't even card us! It's not like we look old, we just turned 21 last month! And he made us the worst drinks!!! Apparently ordering anything besides beer is a set up for failure. 

After the drinks, we were ready to leave because this place was already becoming irritating just from the bartender. Unfortunately we had already put in an order for appetizers. 

Those were just as bad as the bartenders drinks. 

The karaoke wasn't funny because they MC's were old and unattractive. They were trying to be funny and saucy but they just ended up sounding perverted.

Definitely not going back there!
Decent food, friendly but slow service. Went here on a Saturday night to celebrate a friend's 30th birthday. Our server was super friendly and went out of her way to help us surprise our friend. Drinks and food were both decent but slow. Our waffle fries took so long to come out that they comped them on the tab without us even asking or complaining. Oh, and I didn't have it but another friend said the coffee was terrible. Tasted like it had been brewed that morning and microwaved when she ordered it.

I'd say the main issue at play here is the service. They were friendly enough, just disorganized. Took a long time to get drinks, food, or any attention. There didn't seem to be anyone acting as a host or  hostess to seat people. We were there during a shift change and got passed off to another waitress, which was fine. However, I did notice that 2 hours later the waitress who was supposedly off shift was still there, and she said she had been since 10am (It was after 10pm). Also, there was no real way to distinguish who the waitstaff were if you needed something. It was apparently 80's night so all of the waitstaff were dressed in 80's garb. Nothing to distinguish them as waitstaff- no shirt, no pin/nametag, nothing. Not a bad hangout, just be prepared to wait, wait, wait for everything, at least inside. Outside at the bar it was a different set of waitstaff/bartenders so the service might have been faster.
Great food and friendly staff! Don't miss karaoke on Tuesday's, it's the BEST!
The fries were great. I sampled the hummus and it was pretty good too. The staff is friendly but is pretty slow. That said, the staff did comp our fries after they came out about half an hour after every else's food. Without even having us complain!

The alcohol selection is pretty good. One thing that did rub me the wrong way though. For a Yelp check-in I got a coupon for a $1 domestic draft. I've always interpreted domestic as in country. Apparently Kilt Lifter, from Four Peaks which is a local brewery, is not domestic. To the owners, maybe just say "excludes craft beers" on that bonus.

Overall I'd say the place was a decent hangout during happy hour. Outside can get a bit loud but I'd go back if wasn't on the other side of the valley.
Food was excellent, but service was lacking.
Friday night, that's when we went.  And it was BUSY outside on the patio (where they had live music and a smoking section) but indoors it was average.  We were in a room that was pretty empty, but once we realized how big the restaurant was and how many tables were full elsewhere, it softened the fact that service was slow (as indicated by many other reviewers.)  

We were there for 2.5 hours for drinks, appetizers, meals, and desserts.  Service was slow, yes.  But our server was soo nice, and the servers seemed to have NO problem helping each other out.  We never once got a sideways glance or an "I'll go get her" when we asked or something.  We went with my 67 year old demanding mom and 4 kids (ranging in age from 7-15) so we surely required a little attention.  The staff were all amazing!

Now, the food.  We got a little bit of everything between us.  And most things were good, pretty darn good, or amazing.  The sirloin sliders were the ONLY thing that did not fall into this category.   

Waffle fries - AMAZING
Wings - pretty darn good
drunken shrimp - pretty darn good
Original Mack Burger - good
Freedom Dip - pretty darn good
Hard Knox Club - pretty darn good
Fish n Chips - AMAZING
Brownie - pretty darn good
Cheesecake - good
Skillet cookie - pretty darn good

It was an enjoyable night.  I wish it was closer (we live about 20 miles away) because we would love to go back more often!
The lunch specials here are a steal. For $7 you get a hefty sized main course, 1 side, and a soda or tea. They have a good selection of items, such as various sandwiches (e.g., pulled pork, dipped beef, fried fish), quesadillas, or an all-you-can-eat soup and salad meal. 

We arrived here on a Sunday where they have all day happy hour which includes appetizers for $5.50 as well as discounted drinks. We decided on the jambalaya spring rolls, and the bearded dragon wings. The jambalaya spring rolls came out sliced long-wise, which was pretty unusual, but worked out well since you could taste more of the crispy egg roll skin more in each bite. The filling itself was good, but there was mostly shredded chicken and cheese with a few chunks of Andouille sausage. The shredded chicken and cheese itself didn't add a lot of texture to the appetizer and made it a little mushy tasting on the inside. The dip that went with the spring rolls was decent, but very sweet. We started dipping the rolls in our leftover bearded dragon sauce and they actually ended up tasting better together than with the sweet Ho-chi sauce.

The bearded dragon wings were very good. The wings had a nice crisp crust, covered in a hot wing type sauce with a hint of sweetness. 

We decided on the freedom dip and pulled pork sandwich lunch specials. The freedom dip had nice, tender slices of beef with melted cheese and crusty French, er, Freedom bread. The dipping sauce was good, not too salty. The pulled pork sandwich was a hefty portion of pork, with smokey slow-roasted flavor. It had just the right amount of bbq sauce and a generous portion of tangy crispy coleslaw. 

Service was cheerful and friendly. Drinks were refilled as needed. 

We came in with a Groupon, and the only thing to note is that if you order the lunch specials, the $7 deal won't count totally towards the Groupon. If you use it, they will add the drink separately to make it "un-special" since daily specials won't count towards your purchase. Still, we got a good deal regardless. Our total without the Groupon was a little over $26 including tax for 2 appetizers, 2 meals, and 2 drinks. 

I probably wouldn't have eaten here if it weren't for the Groupon, but now that I've seen that you get a really good deal for the portions and quality of food you get, I'm definitely going to make more visits to Iguana Mack's! They also have a dog friendly patio, which will be perfect for outings with the dogs!
Alright, will I used to go the their happy hours and had a good time.  The food was decent and drinks were too.
Being between women, haven't been out that much recently, but my last trip wasn't the best.  I was told there were no frozen drinks, so what!  
Service was a bit slow and I never enjoy that.

Their savior is the entertainment, sometimes its outstanding.
Bring back the frozen drinks, and I'll be back!

Be very careful, the cops are always staking the area out and they also use a red charger that looks like a regular car.  Don't get caught.
Came in for a few drinks with co-workers after work

THE FOOD

Bar food. Not bad, not exceptional, just as expected.

SETTING

Large inside and outside sitting, quite comfortably spaced, although outside can get pretty crowded with people standing around

SERVICE

Errr.... what? Waitress that was serving the table before we sat at it simply did not acknowledge our existence for the rest of our visit. We had to ask for service twice and even then we got drinks from the bar on our own before anyone came to serve us. Food was served fast at least, but paying took some time as well.

SUMMARY

If it's a convenient location for you and you have numerous co-workers that you need to meet, this will work. Just don't expect anything special or any amount of reasonable attention.
I went here the other night with a party of 6.  As we walked up to the front door, we walked through an outside bar area that was playing live music.  If we didn't have under 21 year olds with us, we probably would have sat outside.  So we proceeded to go in and were greeted by an empty hostess station.  We continued to walk passed the station and were finally greeted by somebody and we told her we were there with a party of 6 for dinner.  She quickly told us we could sit in the dining area, the area ahead of us, or the bar area.  My husband told her we'd like to sit in the bar area and she then tells us that it's closed.  OK, so why did she tell us we could sit in there to begin with?  We chose not to sit in the bar because of the under age that were with us.  So we pushed two tables together and there we were.  A waitress comes around to take our drink orders.  So we were actually talking to somebody that had no personality whatsoever.  She leaves and a good amount of time goes by before we actually get our drinks.  Then it's time to order dinner.  Holy smokes, if that wasn't something else too.  Again, no customer interaction it was like talking to a robot.  Orders were placed and basically that was it.  We never saw her again until food was coming out.  Even my daughter was commenting on how terrible the service was.  And prices are $10.00 easy per person.   What brought us in was a Groupon.  It was worth paying the $15.00 to get $30.00 worth of food.  But honestly, because of the poor service, I don't know if I'll go back again.  As far as the food goes, it wasn't too bad.  I ended up getting the Freedom Dip which is their version of the French Dip.  The kids got burgers and sliders and my husband ended up with the Club sandwich.  I was very impressed with his choice.  As I now read other Yelpers comments, I see that my service issue is a constant there.  Too bad I didn't see them before.  Probably would have made me not come here.  Sorry Iguana Mack's.  But it's going to be awhile before I come back.
The trivia nights here are pretty fun. Check it out on Mondays @ 6:30pm. The food is decent. It seems like bar food so it isn't anything special. The service sucked and was slow.
Food was ok, what you expect from a bar/grill. Was fairly priced and overall clean.
We tried their new apple chimis, which were pretty much amazing. We would go back for another round of these and desserts.
We were here for happy hour on a Saturday night and it wasn't too busy. The music was quite loud for conversation, but good if you want to party. The beer was ice-cold and the service was attentive. The bathrooms were filthy and the tables and table décor were sticky and dirty too. Ew. I can only imagine what it looks like behind the bar and in the kitchen. High marks for service and that's about it.
We really, really like this place.  Went went for lunch and had a really good time.  Our waitress, Ally, was really cool and very personable.  We ordered the waffle fries as an app, but they could have easily been an entree.  Waffle fries covered with melted cheese, bacon, tomatos, and green onion, as good as I have had.  My girlfriend ordered the American Dip.  This sandwich was huge and could have easily made a meal for both of us.  I ordered the Rueben.  I am a Rueben lover so I tend to be a little critical.  This sandwhich was very good, however it could have used a little more corned beef, which always seems to be the problem wherever I order one.  We had 3 beers, two sandwhiches and an appetizer for around $34, very acceptable in the price department.  We will definately go back sometime.
Great food and great people. Need I say more. I like the quesadillas here and the staff is so nice and took care of our party well. Thanks Iguana Macks. BNI Goldminers
Waited 10 minutes out on the patio (we brought Max, our mini-Schnauzer, along to go to dinner. Nobody showed up )-: We left and decided to try The Hungry Monk instead!
Please don't come here. I really enjoy good service. I'll pay twice as much for a place that has awesome and friendly service. However, iguana Mack's has mediocre food at best with terrible service and that's a bad combination. The fish tastes like Gorton's frozen fish sticks and the fries are cold and don't have seasoning. There's so many better places to spend your hard earned money.
Awesome place to watch any sports games! The place is alive with a mixed genre of 
people of all ages 21 & up. Great energy and always fun. Good music and dancing! K.C. Chiefs bar as well! Gotta love that!
The customer service is dreadful our waiter was extreme unprofessional! After arguing with another customer he comes over asking what we want with the worst attitude then tells me he might be able to scrap up some bread for me even though my meal was SUPPOSE to come with warm bread. He even cussed while picking up our plates and snatch the money out my hand with a prissy sound.Not only that  but after he had took my phone to the back to verify my groupon, himself and another waitress even took a picture with my camera! It was just the worst experience my friend and I have at a restaurant
Asked for a menu bartender asked if we were ready to order to which we said no due to needing more time. Bartender then proceeded to take the menus as if its common for people to change their mind on ordering food. No thanks on trying the food here if that's the case.  Will not be back.
I've only been here once and I would go back again. The atmosphere is chill and it's not THAT far from my house. The Mac N Cheese is AMAZING and the drinks were consistent and delicious. Downside-only one pool table and the clientele while I was there was-for lack of better word-EH. lol But this is a cool place to go when you're not looking for something too ostentatious.
I came in on a Wednesday night to watch the suns game and boy is this place depressing. Super slow service, the bar tender was more concerned about gossiping with coworkers. I waited ages for an appetizer. This place used to be good wtf happened?
This place had over priced food that was very below average not to mention a Camara that is working and records in the men's room!! WTF drinks tasted very weak STAY AWAY
DOG FRIENDLY PATIO!!!

My husband and I ate here on a Friday night around 7pm, just as happy hour was finishing up, so the patio cleared a bit and there was a band setting up. 

Our food was awesome - my husband got the French Dip Sandwich and I got the Mac and Cheese entree with a salad. Both entrees were so delish, the live music was really good (wish I knew name of band) and we had a very efficient server. 

We will definitely go back with our dog (who may get to order from the doggy menu if she's lucky)!
So I wouldnt have ever visited this place but a friend invited me to meet up with her while she was in town seeing family.. I ordered the city hot flavor chicken wings.. Its basically a buffalo style hot wing sauce, but tastier.. I was  impressed!  They run a great happy hour on their appetizers, its like $5-$6 each and full portions.. The sliced sirloin sliders with aus ju is yummy too! I have visited the place 4 times now, service 3/4 times kinda sucked but I like the food so go back. The bartender i had one time sitting at the bar top sucked. She ignored me the first 10 min I was there. I guess because I wasnt a guy to flirt with. The place is a very casual bar atmosphere.. Nothing pretty, but kinda a laid back chill ambiance. I wish the patio area  had a non smoking section also.
The one thing I hate is they have non filtered yuck Arizona water!!!! It is HORRIBLE!! I cant even gag it down. So youre forced to order a soda or beer.
 I go for the wings but the service and most of the staff could be upgraded to better serve the customers.
This place has really changed over the last few years. It used to be a great place to go on a Saturday night, but now the clientele has changed, the music has changed, lots of things have changed and not for the better. It's definitely become ghetto. You can't really sit on the patio if you have any plans on having a conversation with whoever you are with. The DJ that they have outside just plays it all so loud that you can't hear yourself think. I live about 1/2 mile away from here and Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays, I can clearly hear the DJ and the music when I'm in my house. We used to be regulars, but now haven't been back in about  four months.
Tried this place for first time tonight. The happy hour menu is great. We ordered some wings, which were quite tasty. We ordered some waffle fries. They were covered in cheese, onions, bacon and served with a side of ranch. The sirloin sliders and hummus came out next. The sliders were excellent and the side of au jus was yummy. The hummus was probably my least favorite, but still good. Washed it all down with a kilt lifter.  My couple of gripes was the service was somewhat spotty and the table was sticky. I'll be back!
If you want a unique little place to take friends or family Iguana Mack's is the place to go.  All day Sunday is happy hour and they have a dog friendly patio, they even bring your dog its own bowl of food and water.  The hamburgers are thick and so are the soft pretzels.  Great prices, at least on Sunday.  The food was very good, but not amazing.  Great place for a Sunday lunch.
Didn't go here for the food, but actually cause it was the closest bar to where I was house sitting.  Place isn't bad for happy hour and it is definitely a diverse crowd.  Service was ok and my bartender always knew when I needed another cold one.
Before I go into this review I want to be very clear, the service was fantastic! I was there for trivia night so he was juggling multiple checks, A+.

My first order was the Jalapeño and Cilantro Hummus, it never came. The waiter kept inquiring, finally the kitchen informed him they didn't have any.

I then went with the Sirloin Sliders, very little meat and dry, they were sent back. No reason to give details.

Next up was the Cinco De mayo special of the day,  chicken nachos.  I have to say they nailed it, the grilled chicken combined with all the fixings of Pico, Peppers and shredded melted cheese was exceptional.

Would I go back? Yes, I will try something else and hope the night was a fluke re the Hummus and Sliders.
Wow!!! The sirloin sliders were amazing!!! I am in severe shock. Last time we had ate here which was at least a year ago was nothing short of decent as far as food goes. But it seems as though the menu has changed dramatically has shortened in length which I'm okay with. Those sliders with the horse radish sauce onion strings and aus jus were so good that if you think that you dislike horseradish now will bring you into a new light you never saw coming. 

I have also tried their jambalaya rolls that are probably tied for 1st place but probably a smidgen below first which is the sirloin sliders of how good these things are as well. And mind you, I had not been drinking heavily to impair my senses and taste buds believe me I'm usually dd on a normal basis and I'm sober probably 90% of the year. 

The calamari was pretty good as well but I haven't ordered a basket to myself to see if I could down more than a handful and not get sick of it so still have to wait til I give that more time to sink in. The fish tacos were the only thing I was kinda disgusted by there was a really weird taste goin on and could not tell if it was the vegetables or the fish. One of the two just tasted off and not right. Definitely will not order that again. Kind of the lesson I learn for not sticking to the sliders. 

Those sliders are just mouth wateringly delicious to make you want to eat them all the time.
I have driven by this place for years and this was the first time I pulled in for something to eat and a cold beer!  

I had second thoughts as I walked up to the place. The sidewalk out front is dirty, is obviously a used chewing gum depository and looks like it has never been power washed or washed down. I went in anyhow but had to stop by the men's room on the way to the bar. It was dirty, with graffiti scratched on various surfaces and is in bad need of paint, new caulking and a good cleaning. (Obviously didn't check out the Ladies room but I would guess it looks similar)! 

The interior is dark and dated but ....... I am not giving up yet! I sat at the bar and after a relatively short wait was asked by the bar tender if I wanted to order something; I ordered a beer. To set the scene, this is 11:30 in the morning and there is only 2 other people at the bar having lunch. I am ready to order lunch but the bartender does a "Harry Houdini" on me and disappears! 

I wasn't timing her but by the time she returned I only have a 1/4 of my beer left and I am thinking, "do I really want to eat here?" But...I am brave....I order the Famous Mack burger or whatever it is called (lunch menu is limited) and ordered it medium/medium rare. It was served in a reasonable amount of time and came with fries. The burger was pink in the middle, just as I had ordered, and was fairly juicy but lacked flavor and tasted more like something you would get at a fast food restaurant; the fries were good! 

I paid my bill and headed back to my car wondering if I would ever come back and then started thinking of the many restaurants that serve really good burgers and are clean and more inviting. BUT, I decided that I would give it one more try....... but only if  "Harry Houdini" comes back to life, tells me all his magic secrets and agrees to join me for a hamburger at the bar!!!!!!
I compare Iguana Mack's to Dos Gringos because they both offer outdoor gringo-y latin american atmoshpheres. 
I used to like Dos Gringos' food better but 'Dos G'" has declined so much in quality. It is overpriced and hardly edible. 'Iguana's food was OK. you know, bar food but I very much like the live music! 'Dos G's' music is basically top 40 over the radio so the music gives 'Iguana' a huge win. 
So if you like the outdoor gringo-y latin american atmosphere I would definitely go to Iguana Mack's for the decent food and the live music.
This place is ok. Not the best but it works for us when it's cheap food with two kids. We go during the day when its dead and we've had one guy server that's amazing and super attentive. Any of the other servers are slow and take a long time to get back to us. Also, it's hard to keep up with the changes when they've gone through 3 owners since we've been there. coincidentally enough, all named Mike.
Since returning from Houston a couple of months ago, I found myself craving crawfish any chance I get.  After experiencing the crawfish craze in the Westminster area of Southern California, imagine my delight when I saw the sign for "Hot N Juicy Crawfish" in Las Vegas.

The BF and I anxiously awaited the opening of this first of its kind restaurant in Sin City and finally got to sit down to dinner the past Sunday.  Inviting a couple of newbies made the dining experience that much more enjoyable.

We started off with a pound each of the crawfish in every flavor - Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, and Hot n Juicy Combo.  At $8.99/lb, it was a dollar more than SoCal prices but we were okay with it.  For every two pounds you order, you get one corn and one potato.  So, we made sure we got our corn pieces and potatoes and were able to choose what flavor we wanted it in.  (In the end, we ordered additional corn and potato on the side, corn runs about 50 cents each.)  We also threw an order of sausage ($2.50 for half a dozen or $4.00 for a dozen).  Depending on the season, they should be offering Dungeness crab, Blue crab, and shrimp.  You can also order oysters, fried shrimp or oyster baskets, Catfish Po-Boy Sandwich, or a Basket of fries.

They didn't ask us how spicy we wanted our crawfish, later on telling us they automatically make it spicy unless otherwise stated.  The heat was a good amount, not too hot that it was unbearable and enough where we reached for our beverages.  Of the four, I would say the Juicy Cajun had the least flavor while the Hot n Juicy Combo had the most.  We ordered four more pounds of the Hot n Juicy Combo in this sitting.  The sausage was actually spicier than the crawfish!  We also found the crawfish to be pretty clean overall.  We're ones to suck up all the juices from the heads too, so they gotta be clean.  And I gotta admit, the last two pounds we had were especially good.  They do a good job on having cleaner crawfish than other places I've experienced.

Be sure to get the salt and pepper mixture too.  You get a bowl of cut up limes and you squeeze all the lime juice into the little plastic cup and mix it all together.  This is usually meant for you to dip your crawfish in, but I found myself not needing it that much.

Service was better too.  Upon entering, they line your table up with the white plastic covering and lay out a roll of paper towels.  They also provide bibs too.  You can ask for plastic gloves, but they just get in the way.  They asked us often if we needed refills on our beverages and how we were doing overall.  (I would say this is probably because they are a new restaurant, I only hope they continue with this service in the future.)

They had a steady flow of customers this holiday weekend night.  It didn't get too busy, but they were never empty either.

In conclusion, the four of us were pleased with our experience at Hot N Juicy Crawfish.  It looks like we'll be coming back here a lot!  Yay!

Side note: There's a 17% gratuity added for parties of six or more.

(You can check out my food photos up above!)
I have finally found a little piece of  heaven on earth (thanks for recommendation Teri C.!!)!! Hot N Juicy has definitely satisfied my craving for the crawfish/shrimp in a bag that I am so used to getting in my family's home state of Louisiana. Upon entering the restaurant we were received a warm welcome and sat down very quickly. The two flat screen plasmas across the way had ESPN news and the Dodger game on so I was very happy about that!! Our server guided us the the small menu and gave us a flavor profile of each seasoning that they had for their seafood fare. My friend and I had 2 lbs of crawfish and 2lbs of shrimp with a half order of sausage. When our order came to the table, we opened up our plastic bags with excitement!! At that moment both of us were placed in a euphoric state by the smell!! The Hot n Juicy special seasoning (spicy or extra spicy will make you want to slap somebody it is so good) is what I recommend for your seafood....a whole lot of spice and garlic which I love!! We put our bibs on and went to town!! The crawfish/shrimp/sausage were fresh, and the corn/potato was just as flavorful as the seafood. The service was great....we had someone at our table for what ever we needed at all times. I would give this place another half star for having Heineken Light available which I can't seem to find in many places except for my fridge!! A very enjoyable experience at the Hot N Juicy!! I will be back soon.........probably tomorrow!!
Not bad at all.  The crawfish was meatier than a similar one in California.  The blue crab was also good.  The shrimp pieces were nice and big.  What I like about this place is that it has good seasoning to choose from such as lemon pepper, house special, cajun style, and one other I can't remember.  They give you a piece of corn and a potato for ordering a 2lb bag of crawfish.  The cajun fries are good, but you can get similar tasting fries at a lot of places.  The medium spiciness has some kick to it.  They have actually five levels of spiciness which is ridiculous unless you're a hardcore fan of spicy food.  The service was good, but maybe it was because I went for lunch at a non-busy time.  The prices are just a dollar more than California, but it's still worth it.
I drove around and around oblivious to this place....until I realized the sign. Unfortunately the sign isn't as eye catching as I had hoped. I ended up coming here for Teri C.'s Bday party. Reggie grabbed me while I wandered around aimlessly. Maybe I was just having an off day and I was a little out of it? 
You walk into this quaint little restaurant. and there's a bunch of tables, some of them are dressed with plastic covering...Oh yes. Grandaddy Crawfish Killa is here...The menu isn't big at all - dungeness, crawfish, shrimp, etc....with different levels of spice. I had to get the nosebleed(Ok not on the menu) - Yes this spice was definitely a creeper. But it wasn't nosebleed enough for me. They had a special of crawfish etouffe which was good but not enough heat. 
When the crawfish come....well normally in Louisiana they're steamed in a water broth. The crawfish here....are put in a bag....with butter....garlic, spices, etc...Yea. WTF Talk about a cholesterol issue. Good luck with that! BUT IT'S SO FREAKING GOOD. I ordered two lbs...It was tedious having to pick out the meat. The crawfish this time wasn't as big as I was used to - but still good. I needed I definitely liked the sausage too! I couldn't finish it though....I wanted rice and I talked to one of the guys...definitely will try to incorporate rice or bread to the menu. 
I did have to knock them for the portions of rice only because it felt like I was being rationed off on Survivor. I can't wait to go back. But this time - I'd like my crawfish shelled :)
Game on! My lady is a NOLA native. While beautiful and refined she loves the dirty south. And loves crawfish. She turned me on to them and now I am addicted too. Everytime we went down to NOLA - 5 pounds. Every time the LSU alumni association would have a boil we were there. So I surprised her with a visit to HJCrawfish and it did not disappoint... Was it as good as NOLA? No f-in way. But really close and good enough. 

The service IS stellar. They are all family. It's all their brother's business and they treat customers right. Right now they are getting crawfish from Texas and we think that may be why they aren't as good as they could be. Our hopes are then when they are back in season the crawfish will once again be coming in from Louisianna and they'll be even better. 

Get the spicy - Good luck.
I get to Vegas about 5-6 times a year, and the last time we were in the mood for something different (and not in a casino). Our friend found a review for Hot N Juicy online and we decided to try it out.

The food was great (AND HOT), if you go, be prepared to get greasy and have really good spicy cajun/creole food.

The owners were friendly and made sure we had enough to eat and drink. The timing of all the food coming out was a little off, but I think that will improve with them only being open a couple of months when we went.

The only bad thing for visitors is getting back to your hotel if you don't have a rental car. The taxi situation near Chinatown is not good at nights (especially on weekends). If you have your own car... head west on Spring Mountain Road, and be ready for a good ol' fashioned crawfish broil...
Fun place to go.  Service was good and you just eat everything like a viking.  I found the crawfish to be unsatisfying....too much work for such a little amount of meat but good flavor.  We had to order a pound of shrimp after we ordered 2 pounds of crawfish and a pound of blue crab because neither of us felt remotely full.  Everything tasted great though.  But I will only order the shrimp the next time we come here.  

As soon as we were leaving, a bunch of poker players (JC Tran, Nam Le, Amnon Fillipi etc) came through the door to eat.  I thought it was interesting that these guys could eat at Picasso every night yet they chose to come here of all the places on a Wednesday night.
MY SO loves spicy food ( she's chinese ) and she is always taking me to chinatown to try various places serving spicy fare...after hearing about hot n juicy i decided this might interest her.  In a nutshell...she loved this place !!!  DO NOT wEAR YOUR SUNDAY BEST TO THIS PLACE !!  Yes, they give you a big roll of paper towels on the table....yes they give you that tacky lobster bib ( USE IT...YOU'RE NOT TO COOL ) 
she ordered a pound of the crawfish w/ house special sauce ( basically all the other sauces combined ) extra spicy.....i ordered the shrimp and sausage with medium sauce ( yeah,...i admit...i'm a wimp ! )  before getting the food my SO kept yakking about some city in china ( it may have been shanghai ...can't remember ) that there is a street of restaurants that only serve spicy crawfish ...she loves the stuff....she can be picky  about the food and how it's served - i was pleased she did not have attitude when her food came out in a plastic bag - no plates, forks, etc...just a bag of food...she put down a paper towel and she went to town...every now and then she would say..."so good"  or "yummy-yummy"  but for the most part just  kept working on those lil buggers...her cheeks getting redder and redder due to the heat...she was in heaven...we ordered another poiund...she ate that...she was still hungry....she is not a big eater....we ordered 2 pounds to go

Overall, it is a fun place...next time we will try the crab...btw...the shrimp were very good, lots of butter and garlic...i asked the server if they served bread ( they don't ) i wanted a roll to slop up the sauce at the bottom of the bag !!

a little pricey - total bill was $66...and we were still hungry ( but we did have an extra 2 pound bag ...SO ate that the next day for lunch )

we need places like this in the vegas valley !!!  Variety is the spice of life

UPDATE - 2ND VISIT -  tried the blue crab....SO loved it...too much work for me... after one crab, i went back to the shrimp - i was pleased to see they listen to their customers - they added the option of buying rice and also rolls....they also had a special - $2.50 coronas and heinekens....again, maybe a little pricey but this place is all good !

UPDATE 3RD VISIT ----  they've added king crab legs to the menu ...$20.95 / pound ....i guess i'm an elitist ...my only complaint about the KCL ...they don't cut them in 1/2 ....very tasty ! SO did her usual - 2 lbs of crawfish at the restaurant, 2 pounds to go - she thought this was the freshest batch of crawfish she's had in our 5 visits to H&J !
Found this joint only because of Yelp -- so thanks, guys!  Took my neighbor and her 13 yr old and my mother...we were prepared to get down and dirty...

Our first impression was that on a Friday night, this place should have been much busier -- it almost made us nervous -- but we soldiered on.   

The four of us ordered 3 pounds of shrimp, a pound of crawfish and a half pound of sausage -- all with mild "hot n juicy" (which is all of their sauces combined).  Word to the wise, I was sort of bummed about ordering it mild, but we had a "tendertongue" with us... Maybe I'm out of fire breathing practice because we thought the mild - like others on yelp - was definitely hot enough.  First you have to peel the saucy shrimp or crawfish while it's hot out of the steamer -- but then you realize once things cool down to the touch that your tongue is still on fire.   

We ordered rolls -- and that was the fun part -- sopping up all the great sauce (since they don't use newspapers on the tables, this is possible...)

We thought the shrimp was definitely better than the crawfish.  They were out of dungeness and blue crabs tonight -- altho had snow crab but we were worried about the texture -- and honestly the shrimp were really good.

The 13 year old is a shrimp-oholic...We ended up ordering another pound for him and the cajun fries for us...really good crispy fries, too.  We girls all had beers -- perfect with the shrimp -- but honestly, once you start eating, you have to keep going -- because you're so slimed, you really can't stop and drink...I'd say we easily went through a roll of paper towels.  And they cleared us up before our 2nd round of shrimp and gave us a new plastic tablecloth and fresh drinks.  

Service was genuine -- a little flakey and not really clued into the real reason they were out of crab -- but...does that really matter?  

Beware, it's very easy to miss if you're heading from the Strip westbound -- fortunately it's on the right hand side if you're heading west on Spring Mt before you reach Decatur.  Then the easiest way to get back to Henderson is to take Decatur back to the 215 -- another warning -- they're doing some crazy roadwork on Decatur headed south -- so be careful -- the road is badly marked, dark and nuts...

We'll definitely go back -- but this is not for the faint of heart, anyone who doesn't like to eat with their hands or has an aversion to plastic.  

Our total bill came to $70 and change before tip.  but we had 4 pounds of shrimp (16 - 20s), 1/2 pound of sausage, 1 pound of crawfish, about a dozen rolls, 1 pc of corn and 1 potato, cajun fries, 5 beers and used up more wetnaps than I'm sure any table has ever before...so we thought it was completely fair.

(Naturally, we stopped at Sheridan's frozen custard on the way home...)

Fun Friday!
Much, much credit to Hot 'N Juicy for getting the peppery Cajun ideal right. Too many restaurants label something Cajun and then bring out Creole, or vice versa. Hot 'N Juicy gets it right.

This is a very casual restaurant. Thin plastic table covers and the big roll of paper towels on each table are a very smart way of handling the mess left behind after handling and eating their bags of food. Yes, bags. Crawfish and shrimp and crab are offered by the pound and everything is served in plastic bags with their own spice and butter. Ordering more is simple: the service is attentive and enthusiastic.

My highest rec is for the shrimp. They're huge and easy to peel. The crawfish are on the small side, and the crab are a lot of work for a little benefit. They do also have sausage, served cut in big pieces. I was lucky to visit with about a dozen people and no one had any complaints with anything they tried.

Our table also looked like the remains of some Roman feast when we were done. Caesars Palace eat your heart out.
If you don't mind getting messy and stinky, this place is heaven. I once made the mistake of eating here on a lunch break from work. Bad idea. This is full body contact food! You have to be willing to dig in and get intimate with your bag o' stuff...whether it's crawfish or shrimp.

I love spicy food, but the mild sauce is plenty spicy. I can't imagine really going for a higher heat level. But the sauce is finger licking good. And if you're into making your own soup stock, take those tiny carcasses home and make some of the best seafood stock you've ever had. 

This place is usually pretty empty and I wish I could get more people to go. Las Vegas needs wonderful delights like Hot n Juicy!
This place is full of Win

The establishment itself has a very laid back feel to it and comfortable, which is important because you're going to be sitting there for a bit pealing. 

Nice sized Crawfish some small ones occasionally but on average they're pretty nicely sized. 

David N. is my older brother and i was the one sweating across the table trying to water the heat away with Coronas. Very close to ordering  a glass of milk. 

Not much i can say about this place without repeating what others have said so going to leave it at that.

WIN
Yowzer!!!! I think kitchen made a mistake when they served us a DEFCON 5 spicy crawfish. My brother was sweating profusely across the table. As if the 2 lbs of crawfish weren't enough, we saved the corn on the cob for last. Soaking with crawfish's juice, we took 2 bites and almost fell off our chairs. For the record, we ordered DEFCON 4 crawfish which I had plenty of time before. 

I thought of Grace K.'s review of Wingstop (http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?q=hot+wings&userid=_pIG1_s6Bzymn1zeyLjBHQ) and couldn't decide whether to laugh or to cry. I decided on both and barely managed to keep the car straight driving home.

Mace to the face, eh!!!

This place is the food equivalent of Golf. You pay for as much of the abuse as you can take. 

Excellent specialty food and attentive service. Highly recommended!!!

=)
Food: 4.5 stars
Service: 4.5 stars
Price: 4. 5 stars

This restaurant is located in a small not-so-good looking plaza off the strip near the Chinatown area. Based on the reviews from Yelp, we ordered one pound of shrimp $9.99, not the crawfish as people said they don't taste as good as the shrimp. We also ordered 1/2 dozen of the sausage $2.50 and a bowl of Etouffee soup $6.79. The Etouffee soup is like a gumbo soup, but with seafood in it. Taste super good and MUST TRY! The shrimps and the sausage came in one plastic bag. The shrimps were yummy and juicy, but not spicy at all because we ordered it in mild. Next time we would try medium. The sausage wasn't very special, so we will skip it next time. 

The service was great. The waiters were very polite and attentive. They refilled our soda three times. I like the plastic bib that they passed out because you will need it if you don't want to get stains on your shirt. It's a great experience. I highly recommend it!
Wow this was as close to home( New Orleans ) as you can get here in Las Vegas. I will start by saying please don't let the location stop you from visiting this restaurant. I live in Henderson and do not go across town to often to eat. It is a simple family owned place that we need more of in this town. The food is simple to order its all by the pound. We ordered 2 pounds of shrimp (Our favorite), 2 pounds of crawfish (very good) both were mild with the hot and juicy special sauce. They tasted great but if you want more of the Louisiana taste get the 2ND sauce I think it is called Juicy Cajun. We also tried the fried soft shell crab with fries (oh so good), Oysters on the half shell(fresh and good size, from the gulf not salty but I think its because of the season), potato's, corn, and sausage (potato's and corn are a must have, the sausage was ok) and last we got the etouffee (this was ok my wife really liked it I thought it had to many bell peppers but thats just me). There is more on the menu but all I could try this visit. I will return for sure the food is really that good. I put $$$ for the price because I ordered more than we needed but you will spend 25 to 35 per person easy.Please visit this restaurant they are doing so much perfect. The service was very friendly. Thank you to everyone for your reviews. It was the reason I had to try it.

Went back for some live blue crab and everything was as good as the 1st time. The blue crab is now my favorite. The bread rolls also are a must have to eat with the sauce. I know this place is different but if you love seafood please give it a try.
saw this place while i was driving to get lunch across the street.  ended up eating less at lunch so i could try some crawfish, despite the 100+ degree weather.  lol.

decor is simple...reminds me alot of the places down in new orleans.  you're reminded that you're there for the food.  plastic on the tables and a roll of paper towels lets you know that you're in for a messy (but good) time.  plastic bibs are a nice touch, too.

the crawfish were very good-sized, some almost as big as a palm.  very meaty.  the drinks are bottomless, which is good for some ppl that can't take very spicy food.

the waitress did a great job explaining all the different sauces they had (there's a good number of them).  we tried both the garlic and the hot-n-juicy.  the hot-n-juicy is a combo of the garlic and cajun, so that's prob the best bet, as crawfish need to be spicy.  the medium-spicy barely registered for me.  the extra-spicy was somewhat mild, compared to new orleans.  apparently there's also an extra-extra-spicy, too, but i didn't want to risk the rest of my group's taste buds.

the only complaint i would have is that there is a strong raw-garlic flavour to the sauces.  if you don't like that, then i'd say you're not gonna like this place.
I love crawfish, so we decided to yelp a crawfish place in Vegas. This place isn't too far from the strip when you take a cab, just make sure you get the cab's phone number so you can call them when you're done. I would not recommend walking here. When we first walked in, I kind of got a bad vibe from the guy who greeted us first. Actually it wasn't a greeting, he just said to where ever. It wasn't what he said, because they say that to everyone, but it was how he said it,. So I was like oh no, will I enjoy what we are about to eat. The waitress that took our order was friendly and smiled a lot, so I felt a little better. We ordered the Hot n' Spicy,extra spicy, which is basically all the sauces combined and the Garlic Butter, medium, for our crawfish. It was actually pretty tasty. The flavor was good and not overpowering. The group that ate the spicy didn't think it was spicy enough and the group that ate the medium thought that it was a little too spicy. Go figure. At first we thought they switched our order, but we ordered some more extra spicy and they still thought that it was not spicy enough. We order the Garlic butter medium crab and the crab was cooked well, not overcooked at all. We also ordered Cajun fires, which were ok. Nothing to brag about. I would for sure come back to this place when come back to Vegas.
This place is a direct copy of The Boiling Crab restaurants in So Cal.  Everything on the menu is almost exactly the same even the different spices.  The one unique thing that we noticed was that this place had a fried soft shell crab platter, which you only get like 1 crab or just barely more.

The shrimp didn't seem as fresh as what you'd get at Boiling Crab as most of the heads were falling off the shrimp in our bags.  The fried fish platter also was on the smaller side, 3 pieces of fish.  The cajun fries were not what you'd expect, it looked like they sprinkled on the spices as they were in the basket so the spices are not really distributed evenly on each fry. The service was a step down from Boiling Crab, it's slower, they aren't really on the ball for drink refills.

Overall the food was still pretty good, if I could give it 3.5 stars I would, but for me 4 stars is a place I'd recommend unconditionally.  I'm not sure if I would recommend Hot N Juicy Crawfish, because I know how much better it could be.
So, me, my bf, and our friend roll up on Hot n Juicy. When I invited my friend, she says, "Oh, crawfish. I haven't had crawfish since Miami. We used to go to crawfish parties all they time and they'd have BUCKETS of crawfish." So I'm getting all riled up. I've never had crawfish. 

So we get there and each of the tables are covered with a plastic table cloth and there's a roll of paper towels. I'm like, "Aw, shet. Things are gonna get messy." 

So I order a pound of crawfish ($9), hot n juicy special seasoning, mild. Because I'm a pussy like that, I have spice issues. What. Bf ordered the same thing, but spicy. 

The waiter gives each of us a bib that says "Let's get crackin'" and has a lobster on it. Let's get crackin' indeed. I thought I was gonna be the only asshole with a bib on, but apparently everyone does it. So it must be alright. Like unprotected, premarital sex. And crack. 

I was looking forward to this all day long. I had a three-hour long, GRUELING work out, and all I could think about was some hot n juicy craw daddies. 

The waiter dropped our crawfish in plastic bags. Little crawfish in a puddle of awesome spices. 

When we started to dig in, we realized we didn't know what we were doing. And our friend that went to crawfish parties in Miami? Didn't actually eat the crawfish there. She just drank beer. So we asked the waiter for help and he obliged. 

Once we got the hang of it, it was all cherry. It just seemed like a lot of work for a small meat yield. 

In the beginning, I couldn't bring myself to suck the juices out of the head. But then I removed myself from the idea that they were once living animals. With eyes. That stare at you. 

There are places that are good for drinking beer with food. Not only is Hot n Juicy good for beers with food, its not only perfect, its down right necessary. I almost didn't oder a beer, but halfway through my hot n juicy and spicy meal, I had to get a beer. 

I ordered fries, too. Which came in handy in soaking up the extra juices.  The seasoning was so good. I was licking off the excess from my fingers and pulled away a stub. 

For the two dozen crawfish, four beers, and fries, we paid $46 before tip; average $15 per person. I would not recommend going here hoping to feast on a budget. 

(I hit this place up, because of Famous Teri's review http://www.yelp.com/biz/hot-n-juicy-crawfish-las-vegas#hrid:1Kovc8dDQe3xUhdKabbpFw) 

* off the strip, non-casino
This place is finger lickin' good.  I've been dying to go to this place ever since the review at Las Vegas Weekly http://www.lasvegasweekly.com/news/2008/jul/10/succulent-carnage/
The picture was too enticing to bear so I drove down to Chinatown and took some takeout.  The pound of crawfish and fried soft shell crab smelt incredibly good on the way home.  
Firstly, this was the first time I've eaten crawfish so seeing the little buggers sort of eeked me out.  Twisting the head, pulling the first part of the shell and then pinching the tail as stated in the article was tricky at first.  Thats a lot of work for a small piece of succulent meat.  The all in one sauce has that spicy touch and is delicious.  Will definately go back there again.
Oh, hell yes. 

The first time I went, I didn't like it THAT much. The second time, I wised up and went straight for the snow crab legs ($14?). Its much more expensive than the crawdads, but yields way more meat. Hon n Juicy seasoning, mild. 

I have so much fun eating here. Its so fun watching noobs struggle with the food. 

Always a beer or two. Always some fries to soak up the juizez. Mm mm, bitch.
Never been to anyplace like this before and we are completely hooked! Now we wish that Las Vegas is only 10 minutes away. The place was cozy, very clean and our server was very gracious and attentive. The food A++++!!! We ordered 1/2 dozen oysters, a lb of blue crabs, shrimps, and  crawfish, a basket of soft shell crab with cajun fries, and three beers - for only $59. Unbelievable!!! (Yes, we were starving, we just came from the boneyard tour). You can never ever find anything affordable like this in the Bay Area! And the seasoning, hot n juicy in medium.. arrrghhh. so good!! i can't help dipping my fries and shrimps on this special sauce. Now hubby and I can't stop kicking ourselves for not going twice, but it's all good, we're going back to Vegas this Labor Day and Hot N Juicy is on top of our list!
10 dollars for a pound of cooked shrimp or crawfish?  It's a good deal.  Get the combo flavor, it's their most popular and for a reason.  Lots of butter and herbs and spices.  Their food is spicy so order their mild which is actually medium.

The crawfish wasn't interesting after the first one. They look like aliens and you can see their prominent lungs after you take off the shell attached to the head. The tail meat is about the size of my thumb's nail.  Don't try breaking open the claw, it's hard to do and the meat is so insubstantial that it's simply not worth the time to get to it.   I don't recommend the crawfish unless you are patient and on a diet.  It would have helped if shell crackers were available for the crawfish.

The shrimp is much more interesting and worthwhile, you can really taste the lovely butter mix when you eat their little arms.  However, don't suck out the heads because the heads taste very bitter!  They don't devein the shrimp so expect to eat shrimp poop.  

The whole eating process is amazingly messy (the name Hot N Juicy is appropriate) and expect to stay for about an hour at least to take off the shells of each small creature.  This is definitely not the place for a date unless you find butter and shrimp poop sexy.

Definitely order the corn, it absorbs the butter and spices beautifully. 

This is a place to enjoy a messy but delicious meal. I recommend their shrimp.  Service was fast and friendly.
This is my first time trying Hot N Juicy Crawfish and I have to agree with the other Yelpers when they say that the crawfish yield is not worth it.  My homegirls from NYC came to visit and I suggested that we try this place since none of us have ever tried crawfish.  So here we are 1 guy and 3 girls and we ordered 1 lb of crawfish - hot and juicy spicy sauce, 1 dungenuss crab - hot and juicy spicy sauce, 1 lb of shrimp - garlic butter sauce, cajun fries and 3 corn on the cob.

The shrimp yields more meat than the crawfish, however the hot and juicy spicy sauce is the way to go if you can take the heat!!  It'll get your lips burning at the end of the meal.  

The dungenuss crab was the star of the night for us.  It was 1.8 lbs and about $28.  We had it made with the hot and juicy spicy sauce and it came whole, which means you had to do the dirty work yourself.  Getting down and dirty with crab is my thing!  I go to any buffet and ill sit there and eat crab legs all night long!  Anyways, the sauce and the crab was fantastic!  It was sooo good we ended up going to the supermarket the next day and bought 4 two pound dungeness crabs, one for each of us, so we could make some more crab. LoL

 Anyways, 4 pounds of seafood and 5 beers later, we were stuffed.  We enjoyed our food.  We would suggest the crawfish if you've never had them before, but the shrimp is better.  Must get the dungeness crab if you are willing to spend the money.  Total charge was $80 including tip, not bad for 4 people.  I will definitely go back there with more out of town friends.
With so few choices for crawfish in Vegas, Hot N Juicy has created quite a name for themselves.  Imagine my surprise when I saw a huge "CRAWFISH" sign in front of Pho Kim Long.  Now, I believe in some healthy competition and I did venture over there for some crawfish to see if they measure up.

Sure, the price for crawfish is now $9.99/lb when I went last week.  I'm definitely curious about the shrimp that everyone else raves about, but I can't seem to stray away from the crawfish.  The head juice is so good!  The Hot N Juicy flavor is so tasty and leaves me wanting more.  The Big F and I always usually go for two pounds a piece, and sometimes a little more.  The shells are pretty thick right now, and dark.  So your fingers will definitely be torn up by the time you're done.  

Service - it could be better.  The last few times we went, we had to ask for the limes and salt/pepper concoction.  Not so fun when your friends already got their crawfish and you're just waiting for the stuff.  It takes awhile to get their attention because the staff usually congregates behind the counter and kicks it back there.  When you do get your food, they get better about coming around to see if you need refills on your beverages.  Then again, I guess it depends on who your waitperson is that day.

Crawfish over at Pho Kim Long is going for $8.50/lb.  They throw in more potatoes, corn, and sausage than Hot N Juicy, but the crawfish is not good.  It's worth the extra money to eat at this place instead.  You'll find some old or overly cooked stuff at the other place.  

I would love to eat more often at this place, but all that butter must be bad for me, right?  Who wants to meet up with the Big F and I for some crawfish anyway?
four days after the visit and i'm still sweating garlic!!  not just great crawfish, but also king crab legs, snow crab, and oysters.  yum yum yum!  i'd go back to vegas just to go here.....and to take a hit at the blackjack table :)
Ever since I have found the joys of Boiling Crab in California. ( http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/06/whole-sha-bang.html )
Since we were taking a family vacation and the parental units like good and cheap foods, I thought hey it would be nice to go Cajun and I came across this place.

For the full review and pics go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/07/hot-n-juicy-in-vegas.html

I don't know if this place or Boiling Crab came first, but I think Boiling Crab probably because they have a bunch of stores.  Either way they are both pretty good and a good value. ^_^ 

We ordered Shrimp, Crawfish, Fried Catfish, Wings, and more.  The sauce was good for the shrimp and crawfish.  It's light on the celery, which I like.  We got a bowl of rice to eat the rice with and that was really good.

It was too bad that they ran out of the gumbo.  The service was friendly and the food was good.  I think we decided that the shrimp is a better deal because you barely get any meat in the crawfish, but those crawfish are good! Just too much work! =P lol The prices at Boiling Crab are cheaper but Hot n Juicy Crawfish was a great find.

My family really enjoyed it and the bill was very reasonable.  If you like Cajun food and you are in Vegas then definitely stop by! ^_-
First time I tried a place like this. Love it! We had garlic crab, hot/juicy shrimp, lemon crawfish. My favorite was the crawfish even though theres not much meat. Its fun to eat, and damn good.
What a great restaurant! A real local gem!

There is a very simple menu: crab, shrimp, crawfish etc. that you order by the pound. You decide if you want it spiced mild, medium, strong or extra strong. We had the softshell crab appetizer, 2 pounds of crawfish and a pound of snow crab legs. Mmmmm delicious!

Be prepared to eat with your hands and to get them covered in juice and sauce, but that only adds to the sensous quality of the experience.

The wait staff are all sweet and helpful; they seem genuinely happy that you're there, and if it's your first time they'll lead you through the challenge of what to order.

On a side note: I stupidly forgot my wallet on the table when I left. About an hour later (I still hadn't realized it was missing), one of the girls who works there showed up on my doorstep with the wallet. I wanted to kiss her!

And I thought I couldn't love this restaurant any more than I already did!
I just had this.  Crawfish out of season but still delicious!  Man.  We happened to be the only people there, so the service was also excellent.  

I drive 30 min to get there from henderson.  Worth it!
This place is so good. The quality and price are spot on.  The flavors are amazing and the menu is surprisingly extensive.  We had two pounds of crawfish, and it was exactly as I had hoped: juicy, spicy, savory with just the right amount of acid to cut through the generous amount of butter and not leave you feeling too disgusted.

We also tried the cajun fries, which were delicious and a half order of the andoulle sausage, both of which were delicious.  The main attraction, of course, is the crawfish.  It's fun.  It's messy and I like how the restaurant doesn't try to take itself too seriously.  This place is definitely a gem and I would recommend that everyone go at least once to try it out.
Although I feel like the flavors of Boiling Crab (in Alhambra) are better, I like it.  We ordered 1 lb shrimp of all the the flavors and it was perfect for a Friday night pig out.  My favorite was the garlic - all the bits of the garlic and the all the juices dripping of the shrimp.  Tasty!  Also, the deep fried catfish with tartar sauce was yummy and the cajun fries that come with the catfish were perfect -Nice and crispy and seasoned with the cajun seasoning!  yum yum
Let me preface this by saying that I will be forever loyal to Cajun Corner on Brookhurst.   However, anytime I'm craving some cajun in Vegas, this would definitely be the place I would go to.  

I came by with my parents when we were visiting Vegas over winter break cause my dad is a seafood fanatic and loves any form of seafood.  We started with some oysters which were shucked off the shell and came with plenty of lemon and Tabasco on the side.

We also had the hot n juicy shrimp with extra garlic which was fantastic, but not as spicy as I'm used to from Cajun Corner.  

The crawfish was also well seasoned and had a bit more meat than I expected which was a big bonus.  

My dad had the softshell crab which came with cajun fries although there wasn't that much cajun seasoning on them which was a bit disappointing because the seasoning was deliciously spicy and salty.

The corn was alright, only because it somehow didn't soak up the juice as it does at Cajun Corner (maybe I'm just biased)

The reason that I'm willing to give this place five stars despite a few minor preference issues is that the wait staff is great.  The waitress who took our order was fantastic, very nice and somehow managed to memorize all of the things that we ordered with modifications and had it all come out correctly.  That was impressive enough in my book considering that our ordered included different levels of spice, amounts of garlic and there was just a bunch of stuff to memorize.  

I will definitely be back when the craving for cajun in Vegas strikes
What fun! and what a mess!!!

We got crawfish with the hot n juicy sauce and then the shrimp with the lemon garlic. At one point, I was peeling shrimp and and a little leg flung out of my slippery fingers and nearly landed in my eye! lots of laughs. And thank goodness we ordered medium cuz that was pretty spicy! yes i'm a wimp, but i couldn't eat the whole thing if we had gotten hot.  Our waiter was super nice and helpful when we couldn't decide what to get.  Another great thing: it didn't hurt too much when I took out my contacts later that night- only a slight stinging. I guess next time I should wear my glasses (to also protect from flying sea bugs!)

One problem: obviously your clothes stink for the rest of the night, but my purse still smells like hot n juicy 5 days later... oh well.
I went back twice in the last two weeks.  Prices have gone up!  $10.99/lb for crawfish! It's still SO good!  The crawfish is so fresh right now and easy to peel and just juicy good.

Both times we got the Hot n Juicy Special, but spices ranged from Mild, Medium to Spicy.  I think Mild and Medium are pretty good because you can really enjoy the flavors without your mouth burning.  

I was still smelling like garlic three days later.  The Husband loved it!  (Well, not the part that I went without him, but that I was still smelling like it!  Haha!) 

Service was better, but then again I went during lunch time when it wasn't busy.  Brought out of town visitors both times (family ppls) and they were loving this stuff and are craving for it!  

4.5 stars
OMG yummy!  This place had me licking my fingers, literally!  From seeing the reviews off yelp, we got off the plane and hailed a taxi straight to this place, which was only about 10 minutes from the airport.  The decor is low key and straight to the point...meaning they have no utensils and only a roll of paper towels on the table.

We ordered the fried catfish and chips and one pound of snowcrabs in their signature hot and juicy special.  The Fried catfish was so good!  The crust was perfect and the fish was so juicy on the inside.  The snowcrabs are to die for!  It comes in a plastic bag with the crab drenched in the sauce.  I swear for at least 5 minutes, you could not hear anyone talk because they were just eating.  We also ordered Fried Soft Shell Crab but they didn't have it =(  

If you love cajun and you love seafood and shellfish, you must come here !
When my cousin took us there I was excited to eat some seafood. Me and my family loves to eat seafood. We had ordered the crab legs with garlic butter, shrimp with garlic butter and the craw fish with the hot n juicy sauce but mild. It was too delicious and spicy hot! I bet the hot was going to be very very spicy hot.
My husband and I stayed in Vegas for a week and went here twice!  We loved it!  I could only take the "no spice" but my husband went for the medium.  We got the Hot n Juicy spice combination and it was delish!  Make sure you order enough beer to wash the feast down, can't wait to go back!  YUM!
The food at this place rocks. Don't take a person here though if they don't like spicy food or making a mess when they eat. We made that mistake so one of the members of our party didn't eat. Also, the food is VERY messy but they give you a bib as protection. 

All of the food is very spicy and very delicious. We got crawfish which I hadn't had before and there wasn't all that much meat. I also got the King Crab and that was awesome! The fried calamari was also good.
Easily craving crawfish, especially since the Husband missed out the last two times I went.

Went last Sunday and the place is packed!  Dang, it's getting busy in there and it's only going to get busier!  

Started off with two pounds of crawfish ($10.99/lb) of their Hot N Juicy Special seasoning with medium heat.  Easy to peel shells, juicy and flavorful crawfish, what's there not to love?

Inquired about the Dungeness crab, $17.99/lb.  They gave us a 1.7-pounder and it arrived whole in a bag.  Started off with the back legs and moved up to the claws.  The meat was sweet and the crab was fresh.  Deciding on how to move about the body, broke the head off and it was crab head heaven.  Loads and loads of crab fat/head etc. and so bad for our cholesterol!  But it was so good, really good.  We were scooping that stuff up and dipping it into the sauce.  Yum yum! 

Finally moving onto the body, broke it in half and dug into the lump meat.  Really sweet meat and just good stuff.  Nice treat from having only crawfish.  They did a last call as we were chowing on the crab, which was fine for us at the time.

Come to today, a few hours earlier, the Husband looks at me and says "I want to go back for more crawfish."  I realize that because we ordered only two pounds the other day, we just teased ourselves.  (We're used to two pounds each.)  Then my brother calls and asks for the address of this place.  Is he in town...no, this weekend he will be with his boys.  Uh, if you're gonna go, we'll probably want to go with you too so let us know...

Yeah, we like it that much.  Our cholesterol numbers aren't looking too good at this point.
Do you like to have your fingers stinging and smelling like garlic for days? Then this place is for you!!

I went here after finding it on YELP and my gambling buddy and I had the fried calamari, two pounds of shrimp, one pound of king crab legs, corn, hot N juicy style MILD and used a WHOLE MESSSSS OF NAPKINS.  It was FABULOUS.  The only thing I would try differently next time is get it medium in spiciness.
I've only been to one other place like this and it was in Southern California. I don't think I can give this place 5 stars with a clear conscience because it probably isn't one of the best crab boil places out there. I haven't visited enough of them to truly judge.

That said, this place is pretty good. It's really nice if you want to catch a game or something because they have multiple tv screens set up in the restaurant.  You'll be eating with your hands so you don't have to focus any of your attention towards coordinating utensils with your food. Just peel and eat.
I favor the shrimp, snow crab, and sausage. They also make pretty good cajun fires, made better when you dip them in the 'Hot N Juicy' sauce.

It's a fun, extremely casual, place to eat. It's impossible not to get messy, but the bib helps. Worth a visit.
Wanna try something different, have lots of fun eating and just have a good night out?  Then grab some friends, your wallet and head on over the Hot N Juicy Crawfish.

This is a place that you have to try ... once .. just for the experience.

Went on a weeknight for the experience.  Order the dungenous crab (they were out), blue crab (they were out too) and settled with: crawfish, shrimp and alaskan king crab, and an order of cajun fries.

The dinner might have been better with dungenous crab, but overall was just OK.  The crawfish -- there isn't anything there.  So little meat.  Brings back memories of  "Where's the beef" commercials.
The shrimp was good and the king crab was OK.  You can tell that the crab was frozen.  The cajun fries were good and spicy.

Remember to dress comfortably & wash your hands when you get there.  You eat with your hands here and there are lots of paper towels on the table for you to use.

Having tried Crawfish, I probably won't return on the next trip to LV.
Food is good infused with Asian flavors sells sea food by the pound.
Taste is spicy and buttery it is what we call a heart attack on a plate.
:)
Where do I even begin?? This place is an absolute blast! My wife and I decided to give it a try after reading some of the reviews here on yelp and we were not let down. Everything is very casual, plastic table cloths and foam cups for example. We ordered a pound of crawfish each, one pound with the hot and juicy seasoning and one with the Lousiana, both medium heat. They weren't kidding when they said the heat is one higher than you expect! The Lousiana was much hotter then we thought! But so so juicy, I was licking my fingers clean despite the burning, lol. Yes, the crawfish doesn't have much meat in it, its more an experience then filling meal. We tried the ettoufe (I think it is spelled that way) as an appetizer and it made the perfect start to the meal and were were very happy with the choice. 

To the people who complain about the crab not being up to par.. keep in mind the name of the restaurant! Its a wonderful experience all in all and I highly recommend the place, just be prepared to make an extreme mess and dress appropriately!
Dear husband and I just got back from our oh, I dunno, sixth visit to this place?  We reek of garlic and our lips are burning but our bellies are very, very happy.

Sometimes we order takeout and drive roundtrip from Henderson to get it.

We had the cajun-style crawfish this time, two pounds each - as well as the catfish.  We wanted the etoufee, but they were out.  Hubby said the next time we discuss going to Hush Puppies for catfish, remind him to go to Hot n' Juicy instead.  I got the medium spiciness and hubby got the spicy and we were both wincing at the heat.  The Blue Moon beer helped with that.

I have to say that I prefer the shrimp to the crawfish - for the "more meat" argument that previous reviewers have noted.  I also like ordering sausage to add to the mix.

I have yet to try the dungeness or blue crab, I guess I never go during the right season.

I'd give this place a five if I hadn't had crawfish in Louisiana.  No place beats Dwights in Lafayette.
YYYYYYYYYYYuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!

I love crawfish, shrimp, cajun fries and lots of mess! 

It helped reading all the reviews on yelp on hot n juicy crawfish. There are a couple places in nor cal for crawfish but not in vegas but this place is pretty good. i've never seen crawfish so big ever.

The flavor was great, we order 2 pounds of crawfish hot n juicy special medium spicyness, and 1 pound of shrimp hot n juicy special medium spicyness cajun fries rice and 8\4 beers between the two of us.

I wouldn't mind going back tomorrow if my fiancee lets me eat it again tomorrow

You must try!
I must admit, when the taxi dropped me off, I was nervous ... it doesn't look like much from the outside. 

... but the minute you walk in, like a SLAP IN THE FACE, the garlic buttery cajun smell hits you and you know you are in for some good eatin' 

Once inside the restaurant is clean and there is plenty of room. The tables are covered in plastic and there are professionals here that actually bring surgical gloves to do their grubbin' 

The waitress recommended a mild hot n' juicy seasoning for our shellfish feast, which was the perfect amount of heat for me - might be too much for some. 

The crawfish were the best but the shrimp & king crab legs come in close second. 

It was such a fun experience for all of us, we had a blast, probably the most fun I have ever had at lunch!
Don't be alarmed when you drive up, it might not look like much from the outside (or the inside to be honest) but GO IN!

It was awesome. Better etouffe than we had in MS. The crawfish were delicious and the beer was cold and cheap. If you don't like heat, go somewhere else, the mild is hot and the spicy is outrageous. 
We had 1 pound of crawfish, oysters, etouffe (x2), cajun fries, and rolls (save the $1.50 and skip these) and we were so full we took some etouffe to go. 

If you are visiting Vegas, it is so worth the trip off the strip, by far our favorite meal in Vegas so far.
I have never been to an authentic crawfish place in the deep south but I can say that this tasted fantastic.

It's set up knowing you're going to eat like a slob. The table is covered with plastic. Each table gets its own paper towel roll. Everyone gets a bib. and afterwards you get handiwipes. I just went to wash my hands in the bathroom.

I had mild, which other places call medium. Their mild is good enough for me. Good heat without killing my mouth. shrimp and crawfish were 10.99 a pound when we went 1-2 days ago. I had a pound of each. I'm glad I tried the crawfish but my favorite was the shrimp simply because there was more meat and I liked that it was sweeter and larger bits to eat. I was stuffed so next time If having the crawfish only, get 2 pounds as there is more shell than meat. If shrimp, I think a pound is just fine. I saw someone else get the king crab legs and I may order that next time but I have a hell of a time getting the meat out of those so I may not if they are not pre cut down the length.

I had the hot and juicy special which is a equal mixture of their 3 sauces( cajun, lemon pepper, and garlic butter). I'm not sure what it was, but there was an underlying orange and it tasted fantastic! Maybe it wasn't orange but it didn't taste like lemon. Perhaps it's part of their boil, or an accent in their lemon pepper sauce but wow. Really complimented the food and went so yummy with the shrimp.

I want to try the sauces alone next time but it's going to be hard to do because I know I like the mixture already.

I ordered ice tea, and a bowl of rice in addition to my seafood boils. The ice tea was ok. Not fantastic but good, but then I love a really really strong tea.

The rice was the perfect compliment for peeling seafood over. It caught all of the juices and was tasty eating when I was done peeling. Yum yum good!!!

My husband had the catfish with fries. He finished way before I did and that was a bit of a bummer because the best part about eating there is peeling with your friends. Friends don't let friends eat there without ordering a peeling meal.

The "Man versus Food" guy is going to be there on Thursday but I really would only go if you're interested in crowds. Nah..not for me. I just want their good food. I don't need a show to tell me something I already know. Go if you like but man it's going to be a zoo.
dang!!!! i love eating with my hands...and IT DOES NOT GET BETTER THAN THIS!!!
Just like the food in the big easy. It is sweet to see it in vegas.  King crab in garlic butter ( both my favorite ) med heat is perfect HOT. I will be back
After a long day of walking and shopping, we were hungry for some crawfish.  And thanks to yelp, we found a winner in Vegas!

This place truly lives up to their name.  We ordered two pounds of shrimp and two pounds of crawfish...all medium spiciness with garlic butter seasoning.  We should've ordered a pound with different seasoning and heat....to test our taste buds.  I'm eyeing the Hot n Juicy Special and Lemon Pepper seasonings for my next visit.  I think the garlic butter had more garlic than butter....extremely potent!  

The crawfish was very spicy at medium...but we loved it.  Some of these crustaceans were larger in size than at most places I've gone to.  The shrimp was my favorite though.  Same spices as the crawfish, but more juicy and meaty.  We also ordered sausage, corn, and Cajun fries...which were all just okay for me.  

Customer service was top notch here...I just wish they were open later than 10 pm.  

We learned that the Man vs. Food show will be taping at this restaurant.  With their hot n juicy menu, it's evident why this place will be premiered.
My first experience was a wonderful one.  Not a big fan of crawfish, but loved the shrimp soaked in hot n juicy sauce.  I can inhale a whole pound myself.  Mmmm... protein yay!!!!! Tasted my friend's super spicy crawfish, I swear my lips were comparable to Jay Z's.  Service was fast and friendly.  Except for the homeboy with the glue on black nails.  I hope he wasnt the one cooking up of crawfish.  God knows what is in those freakin press on.  YUCK.  Price is very very reasonable.  The pound of shrimp purchased was only $9.99.  No need for rice.  Must get cajun fries for $1, a dozen of sausage for $4, corn $.60 each, and potato $.60 each (potato is not that exciting, id rather get a corn).
Thanks to fellow yelpers, we decided to give Hot N Juicy Crawfish a try.  We weren't disappointed.  

The table was lined with plastic.  The seafood and corn were boiled in thick plastic bags with your choice of sauce.  We had 2 lbs of shrimp, 1 lb of crawfish, 1 lb of snow crab legs, a basket of catfish and cajun fries, 5 bowls of rice, 3 corn on the cobs, all in that delicious hot n juicy sauce, spicy.  It was mouthwatering good!!  If you are freaked out with shrimp and crawfish all still dressed, go for it!  It was the best seafood I've had in a long time.   There was a ton of garlic in the sauce.  So good!!

Paper towels are provided for your messy hands.  

There was a couple who was from Louisiana who actually sought out this restaurant and they also loved the food!  

Get there quick!  BTW, don't forget to wear your bib so you don't get that sauce all over your clean clothes!
I came across the postings for Hot n Juicy crawfish and I just had to go try.
Yummy! I had a pound of crawfish Hot n Juicy. It was very tasty and the price was very reasonable ($9.99 for a lb).

I only gave 4 stars since they didn't have gumbo and the service was pretty slow even though it was Sunday afternoon, and only 4 groups in the store.
Been meaning to visit here when I'm in town on business, and finally was able to come here the other night. Thanks to yelpers, I now have another great place to add to my list.

This was not only a great place to grab some food, but reasonably priced with very friendly servers and a fun experience. Just make sure you don't have any paper cuts because you will be using your hands! And if you get some of the spicy seasoning, then beware!

They do provide you with a bib, which I needed. Actually, I needed two since I ripped the first one and it became unusable. Fail on my part. Coupled with the plastic on the table and the paper towels, you do not wear your Sunday best here, unless you'd like it covered in their delicious sauces.

I had the shrimp, calamari, and a bowl of rice. Wanted to try the crawfish but I had a craving for shrimp. Maybe next time, I come to Vegas often!
It's cheap.  It's messy.  It's fun.  

Decided to give this place a try since its right across one of our local favorites (Pho So 1).  Was not disappointed.

We did just crawfish and a lot of it.  So it comes in a plastic bag filled with whatever sauce you want.  Be careful, the spicy sauce is VERY hot.   Just open the bag and begin tearing into them little crawfish.  Ample paper towels are provided at the table.

It's not fancy.  Service is friendly, local, and appropriate for this place.

Worth a try.
Finally (after the 6th mention of "I'd really like to try Hot & Juicy"), we made it there last night.  We ordered the catfish basket, king crab legs (juicy cajun- mild) and the pound of shrimp (hot & juicy- medium) and corn on the cob. 

First off, if you don't want to do a little work for your food, don't come here. You have to crack the crabs, peel the shrimp, etc. Second, it is messy, but that is part of the fun. We wore the plastic bibs, we went through a roll of napkins and we still had sauce everywhere and we put all the shells right on the garbage bag wrapped table.  

We both personally enjoyed the juicy cajun sauce on the crab just a little more then the hot & juicy we had on the shrimp. I think it would have been better for us to order mild, because the medium was still really spicy. We liked the catfish, but we took the breading off and dipped it in our cajun sauce. It was really good that way! The fries that came with the catfish were so-so, nothing to write home about. The king crab was a little over $20 for two legs. I would have liked a little more of that, it didn't seem like a whole pound to me but man was it good. I had to have my boyfriend crack it for me though cause king crab legs will stab you repeatedly in the hands if you suck at cracking them. 

I have never eaten anything with the head still attached (well at least not that I can recall). I thought it would bother me, but when the shrimp came, I just tore that sucker apart and dug in. Well worth the work, I must say.  The corn was delicious as well. Yum. Overall, a great place and lots of fun. I would really recommend it!!
Some friends found this place on Yelp so we decided to give it a try!  55 reviewers can't be wrong!  4.5 stars?  I'm there!  Wait, I think these 55 people have never tried crawfish anywhere else =/

I actually can't say too much about the crawfish because I ordered a pound of shrimp.  Based on seasoning (which would have been the same with crawfish anyway), I'd say 3 stars.  My friend's pound of crawfish came with huge crawdaddies and my shrimp were pretty big, too so thumb's up for that!  I ordered the Hot n Juicy Special, which is probably all the others mixed together and was satisfied with my shrimp.  However, I ordered medium and it wasn't spicy at all.  I ordered half a dozen sausages with my shrimp and they were big pieces.  I also ordered a side of corn on the cob but they forgot it so I had to remind them.  When it came out, I took a bite and made the ugliest face ever.  I threw the rest away because it was bitter and drenched in too much seasoning (but I can't really complain about the second part).  I tried my friend's order of Cajun Fries (medium) and THOSE were spicy!  The fries came out crunchy and fat (skinny fat, not fat fat, if you know what I mean lol), which were yummy-o!

I also tried my friend's deep fried soft shell crab and I don't think I'm a big fan of soft shell crab (I don't even love it in sushi rolls).  However, he enjoyed it.

The decor is much like any other crawfish restaurant, it was spacious and the setting was comfortable.  The service is mediocre; no smiling faces but they refilled my drink before I realized I even needed a refill!

Overall, I like you Hot n Juicy.  You didn't disappoint me (but that may have been because I already knew nothing would ever beat Boiling Crab!)  I love that everything was BIG and that the seasoning didn't suck.  I recommend this to anyone who wants to try crawfish in every city you visit, you won't be disappointed but you won't come out thinking it's the best place in the world either.
Try rolling their chicken wings in their sauce that ends up at the bottom of the shrimp/crawfish/seafood bags!  =D
This place is awesome.  

The best crawdads I have eaten since I left Louisiana 13 yrs ago.  This is my new favorite restaurant.  I am already planning my return.  I had my mud bugs the only way I know them, cajun and spicy.  I quickly popped and pinched my way through 3lbs of the little critters.  Maybe next visit I will go for 4lbs.  

Be prepared to make a mess and wear the bib unless you want decorate your shirt.

Eating here was a blast.
I agree, this place is awesome. I'm from Maryland and we don't really have any good seafood restaurants out here.  Anybody interested in live blue crabs and crawfish at lower prices should check out NVSeafood.com
We ordered 2 lbs of the crawfish & 1 lb of the snow crab legs all in the medium cajun sauce.  This came with 1 corn on the cob and 1 potato so we ordered 1 more cob and potato.

The food was sooooooooooooooo good.  That cajun sauce was excellent!  Especially when biting into the corn on the cob.  My mouth got all tingly from the spices and the flavor was amazing.  We got medium and my lips still burned!  I think I want to go back and try the spicy!  =D

Definitely wear the bib!  We got the food everywhere.  Especially since we were noobs at this, we got crawfish on our faces and on each other in the beginning.

Excellent place to eat!  I will definitely come back for some next time in Vegas.  Thanks yelpers!  =)
Hot and Juicy Crawfish - Don't know if there are other places to eat louisiana style crawfish but this place is pretty good. Best place in vegas for now! HAHA. The crawfishes are pretty decent size and the spices are good. Unlike other places I have had, when u tell them mild, it is mild. When you tell them medium, its medium and so forth. The catfish basket is so-so here. I have had better, I don't like the way it is breaded. The Dungeoness Crab is VERY GOOD. They tend to run out so if you are going there for dungeoness, you may want to call before hand. My boyfriend won a contest with 4 other people.... 20 LBS is 5 minutes! Hahahahahah!


I prefer boiling crab in oc & alhambra and everywhere (they are a chain/franchise) but this is as good as it is gonna get in vegas til they open one!
I decided to do something off the strip for a change and we found this hole in the wall type crawfish restaurant. It was the best crawfish i had outside Texas and Louisiana. The Decor is very simple and nothing to write home about and the sides were not quite as generous as in big D. I mean it came with few potatoes and corn and we had to order extra even though we ordered a few pounds of Crawfish, crabs, peeled shrimp and crab cakes.

The highlight of my day was when i had to put on the bib around my neck while i went to work with the Crawfish. we were given a roundtable and all the food was placed in the middle with a nylon table covering which made the clean up process a lot easier. 
They had different grades of seasoning and spices for the Crawfish so you can specify how hot you want it.

I will definitely love to go back next time i am in Sin City and still up from gambling which never happens
Came here during our Vegas trip, saw good reviews on yelp so we decided that we have to try it. The crawfish and the shrimp were fresh but the sauces were just ok.   Both the garlic butter sauce and the house special sauce had way too much garlic on them (my breath smell like garlic for more than 2 days).  The fried cat fish and the soft shell crab weren't that good either, we had better one before.  I think the crawdaddy in San Jose and boiling crab in Orange county have much better food than here.
The is an UPDATED REVIEW

I went back a month later..prices the same..food the same. Wonderful stuff. This time it was the service that sucked and eating out is and should always be an enjoyable experience..entertaining. Food was great. Service killed the experience. If you enjoy seafood and are willing to risk some REALLY unpredictable quality of service..then yes go enjoy yourself. Sometimes you can let a bad server roll off of your back and eat on because the food is worth it but this time I couldn't even do that because we half of our requests and orders were misplaced or forgotten. Great....

I have to drive from lake las vegas to get to the middle of town where this is located. So..number one, the first thing that I ask afterwards is..was it worth the gas money and the time driving. No it wasn't. It's been awhile so the details and the names of my servers are fuzzy but in general what happened was this...

1) I ordered rice with my crawdads and shrimp because I like to catch the juice in the steamed rice and eat it after I've done with the seafood. My order of seafood came but I was never told they ran out of rice. What irritates me MOST is I ordered long before the table next to me arrived to the restaurant but they got the last of the rice. Huh? So I ask about my rice and the waitress tells me they've run out. I ask if they are going to make more and she says no. So I shrug and ask for some bread and a bowl so I could spoon some seasoning into for dipping. She says..we don't have bread but we have rolls. Again...Huh? Okay..so I say that's fine and order a roll. My bread didn't come for a long time so I ask if I may have a roll from another server. He brings the roll finally. No bowl still. I just figure..alright..this is a bad night and drop asking for a bowl.

2) We arrived more than an hour until they were ready to close but were told their kitchen was closing in 5 minutes...so we would be unable to order. I think..strange..but you're open for just over another hour. Later she tells other people the kitchen is closing as well but we hear them arguing a bit about ordering and she learns that the kitchen IS still open for new and later hours and she comes back to tell me we have more time to eat and order other things. I ask...hint hint hint...are you going to be making more rice? Because if so, I would still love to have a bowl. Yep! So I put in another order of rice. Yay...rice. It just isn't the same without it.

3) Finally the rice gets there. The attention to our table is dismal, and there were only 8 tables in total with 2 servers waiting the entire room. We should have had decent service. I cannot comment on if this is abnormal service because in my first review we got there right when they had opened and it was wonderful. It wasn't a matter of flagging anyone down..it was a matter of getting our waiters to remember our orders or requests. My god...if remembering isn't working for you..how about this? A pen and paper.

To gloss over it all we ordered a refill on the iced tea. Never got it. We ordered more rolls..never got that. Asked for a bowl. Never got it. We decided to order something new and asked for an order of calimari. NEVER got that. I'm batting 0 out of 4 here. It wasn't just bad service it was some of the worst I've had in a long time. The sort of bad service that you talk about all the way home because it feels like you just got dropped into The Twilight Zone and wonder if it were really real.

We got up and paid for the bill. Asked them to cancel our calimari order. They said "What order?" Just par for the course! LOL
Then we asked for a container and extra bag to put the extra shrimp in to eat later at home because as much as I disliked the service the food was REALLY WONDERFUL. Didn't get that. Should I have expected any better that night. Geez was there some kind of karmic payback at work here??? LOL

We asked again..finally on the 3rd request we got a bag and a container. I finally just broke down and asked if it were an unusually bad day...short one person on staff or something ..anything to explain the really bad experience..the missed orders, the forgetting requests, not knowing their own business hours. Etc etc etc
Nope, he said. Great....

Anyways..I think the thing that finally topped it off for us was having to pay for the stupid bowl of rice after that fiasco...when I think would normally have been comped when a bad experience is actually brought up to staff. What's a bowl of rice cost versus having lost 2 customers and telling everyone how bad the experience was? Ah well....as an after thought I have to tell you something I discovered that was really awesome.

If you go to the big asian seafood market like manilla seafood or ranch 99 you can pretty often find a really incredible thing. 5 pound bags of frozen crawdads in cajun seasoning ready to cook and eat for only 10.99 or so. Mmmmm.
What a mess......tasty, spicy, finger-licking, burn your lips mess.
Garlic garlic garlic! Holy garlic! I smelled of garlic for 3 days after I had a pound of crawfish here. Once I got the house special sauce the next time I got the cajun boil. Either way I freakin' smelled of garlic for days.

I can eat pretty spicy stuff but anything over the medium here... is FIRE to me. Expect to drink a lot of water or beer with your meal. When it's that spicy, your tongue just dies and there's nothing subtle to pick up about flavors, it's just pain.

Service was very average. It might as well have been a server from a casino buffet giving us our drinks. Don't expect much from the atmosphere either. There ain't nothing pretty about this place.

Though it's not a place to come for amazing food or service, I still come back occasionally because I find myself craving the salt and the garlic. :)
This is my new favorite restaurant in Vegas. I love quality of seafood and the price. I'm not much for crawfish, so I always get the crab and I've never been disappointed. The shrimp is served with the heads still on and is absolutely the most tasty, fresh and juicy that I've ever had. Most dishes are served straight from boil bag and you discard the shells directly on the plastic covered tables. A pound of shrimp, snow crab, 2 pieces of corn and two heineken light for $36, a meal that can't be beat.
I find it only fair to mention that I hail from the south and have had the best in boiled crawfish most of my life. I thought I would be getting the same quality since the owners are from Houston. Crawfish is not on par with anything from Houston or any part of Louisiana but since there are no alternatives in Vegas, I would have to say it's the best crawfish place (and I think the only one) in town. It is listed on The Best of Las Vegas but I've found that list to be a disappointment. 

I was disappointed that they charge extra for red potatoes and corn on the cob. All the other patrons seem to always be amazed at seeing crawfish and that we know how to peel them and suck the heads. This just adds to my impression that people are easily impressed and amused here. Prices are moderate but I still don't feel like I'm getting my money's worth due to the portion size. 

Crawfish is not really fresh due to the fact that we're in the Mohave Desert. I guess I just have a higher standard having had Crawfish in New Orleans and all over Louisiana countless times. Everyone else raves about this place I suppose because they have nothing to compare it to. I'm sure I'll be back when I have another crawfish jones but I just feel they could do better. 

It's always blazing hot in the restaurant no matter what time of day I've been in there. I guess they are trying to save money? 

Don't have enough bathrooms.
this is my first time trying the crawfish. it was unexpectedly good. My friend from CA came and asked me to take her to crawfish. so i went on yelp and search for crawfish and that why we were there last sunday. The place was actually nice. we order 2lbs and we finished them in half an hour and order another pound. it's really up for it's name, hot and juicy. very good. i would recommend this place to everyone
***Reminder not to eat 1 pound of mild garlic shrimp before going to Club Jet*** LOL
So I was at my GF's hotel room at TI, and we were laying down there watching TV relaxing and digesting all the junk and drinks we had the night before and during the day at the pool. We both took a nap and I turned on the TV. Then all sudden we realized MAN VS FOOD was being televised in Las Vegas. So it caught our attention. So being from Texas and having access to good NOLA type of food an cajun food. I was intrigued that this guy was at a local joint here off Spring Mountain Road ((KNOWN FOR ASIAN FOOD)) and thought to myself.. I gotta try that place out. So needless to say, we jumped in a taxi and headed over there. The minute you get there, your eyes start to water and you can smell the spice from 20 yard OUT from the front door. I knew at this point I was in love. Sorry sweetie, but there is room for more than one love in my life.. Its called food :) Though, we placed our name on the list and it took a while to sit us down. That was ok, I knew it would be a wait. Though, once we sat down and we ordered 2 pounds of crawfish and an order of king crab! We were in love! Some of the best food! I cant say it was the best Ive ever had, but might tasty and I filled my stomach up with anything I saw on the table. Its completely messy though. So expect to leave with the smell of spice and seafood on your body for the next couple of days. Also expect to be drenched in a goooy saucey spice sauce all over your fingers! The food was served in huge bags with the food in them. You rip them apart and lay it all out on the trash bag covered table. It was a bliss for me. Everyone was really friendly and I really really enjoyed the food adn my experience. It was very affordable and I would come back for sure! Not to mention the blonde new jersey girl told us a story that the guy from MAN VS FOOD, got drunk and passed out in the back of her car. Wonder what else happened :) hehe jk.. regardless, if you are in the Las Vegas area, and you want to get something away from the strip and enjoy a good meal. make your self available to this awesome lil hole in the wall. You will not be let down!
This place is not for everyone, but if you can handle ripping apart shellfish with your bare hands, you are in for an amazing treat.  I'm hesitant on such things myself, but once I managed to get past that, and get the meat out of the crawfish and muss it around in the amazing sauce, I was hooked.

The experience: it's a simple clean place.  You order some type of shellfish (crawfish, shrimp, crab), a type of sauce (I go with the hot & juicy special), and tell them what else you want thrown in... potatoes, corn, sausage (I recommend all three).  A few minutes later they bring out a big plastic bag filled with the goodies and they plop it on your table.  No plate, no utensils: just rip in and enjoy.  You're going to get messy, but they provide a bib and there's paper towel rolls at each table.  Make sure you do not neglect to get the sauce all over everything you put in your mouth.

I recommend washing it down with an ice cold Blue Moon.

They do also have fish & chips, and some pretty great chicken wings, so you don't have to get messy to enjoy a meal here.  But then you're kind of missing out on what makes it special.

I should mention that unless you like pain, you should order "medium".  Their "spicy" is truly hot, and not some watered down notion of "spicy".  My Korean relatives agree.  Their "extra spicy" is reserved only for the completely fearless.

Also, I recently have tried the Snow Crab -- very tasty and satisfying, with larger chunks of meat than you can get from a crawfish.  Good eating!

Again, if you're squeemish about this kind of thing, it might not be the place for you.  Also unlikely to go over well on a first date with it's enormous garlic content.  But it is unquestionably super delicious, and if you think you can handle it, you should definitely give it a shot.
Yup, I was one of the many people who saw this place on Man vs. Food. I came on a weekday around 5pm to avoid the crowds. This place gets really busy around 7 and on the weekends. I got 2 pounds of crawfish and a side of fries. Came out close to 30 bucks. Not a bad deal. I think the only problem when I ate the crawfish was that my fingers smelled for quite a while and you will surely smell like garlic so if you plan to go on a date, bring some mints, mouthwash and prepare to take a shower when you get back to your room. But you know what, it;s worth it.
Delish crawfish in the most unlikely location!!
My cousin and her bf took me and my bf here when we were visiting Vegas. They actually ate @ hot n juicy the day before and it was sooo good that they wanted to take us and eat there again. They kept raving about how great it was and boy were they rite. We went during the day for lunch so there wasn't really anyone there which was good bc the place gets packed for dinner. I'm from the bay so I'm not new to the crawfish scene. I've tried several crawfish places in the past but hot n juicy is by far the best. If you've ever been to a crawfish restaurant then you know it's all about the sauce they cook it in. The hot n juicy special is the bomb diggity. The perfect combo of herbs and spices. You also get to pick the level of spicyness that you want. I personally prefer the shrimp over the crawfish but thats just me. Peeling shrimp is less work and more meat so you do the math. I wish there was a hot n juicy in the bay. Maybe they will think about expanding soon. lol Be prepared to get your hands dirty but it is super worth it. You will not be disappointed! There was also an episode of man vs. Food about hot n juicy too so you know it must be good.
UPDATED REVIEW #2

Summery:

A 4 star rating is still Excellent dining in my book btw. I reserve one open star for the future if service can be improved. The food is ALWAYS 5 star however. 

This update is to raise a rating that was lowered due to poor service and dining experience as detailed in a previous review.

The owners addressed all of my issues, and  was professional in his communication with me. Any negative issues I did have were dealt with in outstanding manner.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


If you read my previous reviews you'll notice a negative experience I had reviewed as my first update. It was based strictly on poor service. The food has always been outstanding. What I would like to say in this newest updated review is that, more business ownersshould take up similar customer service. Kudos to the owner of Hot N Juicy Crawfish.

I gave this place another chance because the food has always been a delight. (still love the shrimp over the crawfish) If you go, always add a pound of shrimp.

If you decide to eat at this establishment, you can be assured of excellent food. If you have a negative experience, and bring it to the owners attention, you can be assured of excellent customer service. I've learned that there is a difference between bringing it to an employees attention versus the owner when it's really negative. My experience with the owner here proves he cares for his business and the experience of his customers.

When I went back, prices on the crayfish were the same as before. Stable market pricing probably because he has stable distributors. The crawfish is fresh. The shrimp was sweet and meaty. I had almost the same meal as before but included the calamari that we were not able to order before. That was tender and the coating was light and non greasy.

I think what struck me most was the owner had read my single negative experience and took my negative points and made changes in his operation. When I had said they ran out of rice, he told me he purchased a larger rice cooker. Amazing responses. There were a few other things that showed how he cares for his business.

In the few months I've been watching this place it's grown in popularity. There was the man vs food show taping on food network for example and the following viewing party. Sometimes one wonders if popularity like that can falsely lift up the appeal of a place but I have to tell you, behind the scenes it's simple, excellent food, and acceptable service that makes this place a gem. 

I think what I had experienced was scaling issues. As a place becomes more popular they have to adapt with new ways of coping so there are less nights they run out of what ever ingredients...servers learning how to deal with busier tables..etc etc. They are adapting quickly and solving issues that crop up and maintaining an excellent standard of food.

If you go, do not expect a 5 star quality of service. BUT....it's not bad. It's average and acceptable if you go with the right frame of mind. What shines here is the FOOD. Not quite sure what people are complaining about when they talk about the quality of their crawfish. Perhaps my tune would change if I were from the deep south but I am not. My reality is what is around me, and for this area, they have the best crawfish and shrimp. Do not compare a place to somewhere across the country. Make comparisons with local places to help people that are looking for the -best in that local area-. It makes it easier for people that are just visiting. They don't care about what is better in some other part of the country.

Concerning the bathrooms. Objectively, I have never seen a line. Perhaps on busier weekend nights you may have to wait your turn, but it's hardly a reason not to go. There is one woman's bathroom and one for the men.

Amazingly good, comfort food. Nothing is as satisfying than a big pile of seafood you eat with your fingers. They get it right, and the food out of this kitchen is always top level. I've tried numerous sauces now, numerous seafoods. Different times of day and different days of the week. I find it better than Joe's Crab Shack because it's authentic here. It's just a great place to bring your friends. It's not over contrived, full of themselves, or catering to tourists. It's just GOOD food. Go eat!
Incredible!  My boyfriend heard about this place from Man v. Food.  OMG it was so amazingly good.  We took a cab from the strip and a cab back to Binion's and worth every penny.  The servers were friendly, the owner very attentive and the food was amazing.

I had crawfish for the first time.  Not a lot of meat but watch out, they're spicy is super spicy. I'd be afraid to try the Extra Spicy option. The best thing I had there was the bag of Lemon Pepper shrimp.  Oh, my mouth is watering just thinking about it.  This will definitely be a must-eat place everytime we visit Vegas. SOOOO good.
OMFG!!! Just back from Vegas and had one of the best meals at Hot and Juicy Crawfish. Don't dress up and get ready to get down and dirty in a good way. It's about 10 minutes and $12-$15 taxi ride from the strip but so worth it! I had 2 pounds of crawfish with the extra spicy and all I can say is WOW. I got shrimp to eat back on the plane which was equally excellent (don't recommend for the plane though, it get's a bit messy but Excellent. Service was great and the beers to wash it down was great. I would add a bar for people to wait but it was worth the wait. Please note spicy is spicy even for someone from Jamaica. This is a must stop when in Vegas!
They're not kidding when they say it's spicy. Being Korean, my mom and sister decided to be brave and go for the spiciest crawfish, but my sister quickly regretted it and ordered a regular spiced one. Haha. Everything is full of flavor. I like the potatoes it comes with, too. Not being a fan of crawfish, I just got fish and fries. Obviously, I am not the right person to come here, but my family really enjoyed this place. 

Tip: The food is very pungent and will seep into your clothes, and the whole eating process is super messy. I didn't even eat crawfish, but my mom was eating one and accidentally flung a piece to my ear! So, dress appropriately and prepare to get messy.
Being from Southern California where the king of crawfish restaurant resides, The Boiling Crab, it's hard to find another place that can dethrone it. But my wife and I had to give Hot and Juicy Crawfish a try after seeing it on one of our favorite shows, Man vs Food.

The food looked absolutely delicious on the show, everything that my wife and I come to expect from this type of restaurant.  We had a basketball tournament in Vegas this past weekend and made sure we made time to head over to Hot and Juicy.

Made it there on Friday afternoon around 1:30pm. I was happy to see that it wasn't so busy and were able to get seated right away. At Boiling Crab, the average wait time is an hour.

We ordered the following: one pound of crawfish, two pounds of shrimp and five corns all in the special Hot and Juicy sauce medium spicy.

The sauce itself was not bad. It's doable but it does not compare to Boiling Crab's shabang sauce.  The shabang sauce is love at first bite. 

The crawfish was not bad but the shrimp and corn were not very good. The body of the shrimp was fine but the shrimp heads was dry. No juice/brains to enjoy sucking on and the corn was very rubbery, sort of like eating candy corn.  My wife and I shared one corn and left 4 uneaten. Normally, we could eat three each.

For those who have not tried Boiling Crab, you might find Hot and Juicy Crawfish a good place to eat.  But for those who have dined at Boiling Crab, you will be disappointed.  

I will be sending Adam Richman (host of Man vs Food) an email of my review and a recommendation that if he is ever in Orange County California, to stop by Boiling Crab and see what he thinks.
If I lived in Vegas, I would probably hit this place weekly.  I had a pound of the spicy hot n juicy  and yeah it was hot and I couldn't get enough of it.  My wife had the medium hot n juicy and for her, it was just right, not hot enough for me though.

We also shared a pound of the lemon pepper shrimp and OMG it was amazing.  

I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Keep up the good work YELPERS and keep up the great ratings.
My husband and I love this place!!!!  We got the crawfish, shrimp, sausage, corn and potatoes in the Hot and Juicy seasoning/ medium heat.  YUM!  We did smell like garlic for the next couple days, but it was totally worth it.  As some one else said, the corn did seem a little over cooked, but it wasn't bad enough to stop me from going and getting it again.
I know people say there are better places in CA, but I don't happen to live in CA, so will probably not get a chance to try other places anytime soon. I love being able to support a local restaurant that is privately owned- well done Hot N Juicy Crawfish!
Crawfish is good. Mainly because they are larger here than most other places ive seen. This place, the little guys were big enuf that you could pull the meat out with minimal effort. Ive been to places where you sit there peeling back the shell and when you're done, the meat is almost gone because it got squished between your fingers and gets lost in a boatload of shells.

The seasoning is good, although a bit oily from the butter. The spices left me out of commission the next morning but  was worth it at the time.

We also ordered the King Crab which tasted OK but it definietly wasnt fresh. You can tell it was frozen stored because the shell was soft and stale when it came to our table.  When you peeled the shell off, a lot of water came gushing out.

For $20 something a pound, we expected fresh.  

All in all, it was a fun experience we thank Adam Richman for telling us about.

BTW, they need to move that dumpster full of rotting crawfish leftovers away from the part of the building thats visible. The sweltering vegas desert heat doesnt help much either. The smell after leaving the restaurant was mortifying.
I saw this place on Food network and was surprised we have this famous Cajun restaurant here in Las Vegas. I decided to take my fiancee for a never-before crawfish experience. 

We were there on Tuesday night about 8:00PM and there was plenty of open seating. After we were seated, we were given the first-timer instruction on how to order. 

We ordered 2lbs of crawfish(hot & juicy mild) included 1 potato & 1 corn, 1 lb of shrimp (galic butter mild), 1 soft shell crab basket include Cajun fries, and 2 cokes. We really wanted to order oysters but they ran out, that's why we ordered the shrimp. 

The taste of the spices was very good, and garlic butter was wonderful. We both loved the seasoning very much. But there was one problem for us, we realized that we don't like crawfish. We never had crawfish before this night, at least not a properly prepared crawfish meal. We manage to finish all 2 lbs of it because the spices was just that good. On the other hand, the shrimp was so good, the large amount of garlic in that buttery sauce made the shrimp so sweet and tasty. We just can not stop eating the shrimp!!! And the soft shell? nothing worth mentioning, except for the Cajun fries we dipped and ate with the sauce in the crawfish/shrimp bags.

The whole experience was pretty good, the whole meal cost us $57 which I thought was a little high. We decided if we go back, we would order shrimp only and call to make sure they have oysters before we go again.
Great shrimp, sausage, and corn! They serve it up to you in a plastic baggy with their spicy sauce. Be sure to wear those bibs they provide. It's gonna get a little messy...

You can order your sauce mild to extra spicy. Us "wimps" ordered a bag of mild and a bag of medium (sorry, I like to enjoy my food while not having my mouth numb with fire).  Actually, compared to other places I've been to, their mild was like medium  and medium was HOT HOT HOT! but it was all good. I was still able to enjoy the taste because the spicyness didn't really bite, it just built up as I came close to finishing the bag.

I prefer shrimp over the crawfish because the shrimp is meatier and well worth peeling over the crawfish. The calamari rings and fries we ordered was a nice filler to absorb some of that spice!
Sorry people but im going to have to be the fly in the ointment here. I got a chance to go to Hot and Juicy last weekend to see what all the hub bub was all about. And yes I saw it on Man V Food and it looked interesting. All the great reviews on here didnt hurt either. Well I walked in and it was kinda plain but thats fine. The girl seated us and gave us menus to look over. I was going to order the shrimp instead of the crawfish until the waitress came over. She made the crawfish sound so good I caved and ordered a pound of them. I also ordered a pound of the king crab and some sausage. My mom ordered the fried shrimp and frys. 
    The girl brought out our food and it smelled incredible. I ripped into the bag of crawfish in hopes that I was really in for a treat. Well I have come to a conclusion, THERES NOTHING EDIBLE ON CRAWFISH!!! These things fought me every step of the way. I worked my ass off just to get a "TINNY" piece of tale meat. The waitress said they were actually bigger than normal. I would hate the see the regular ones. The flavor of the sauce was absolutely fantastic. I went with the hot and juicy special medium. The sausage dipped in the sauce was out of this world but the crawfish was a miserable failure. I ended up ordering a pound of the shrimp as well.
    Now the shrimp was another issue. I am not a big fan of whole shrimp. I dont want the head on with all the little hairs all over and the whole thing. If they had been cleaned before cooking it would have been much better. I didnt eat allot of them because of this. The crab legs were pretty good but I should have ordered the same sauce instead of the garlic butter. 
    Hot and Juicy was kinda fun and the 2 waitresses were really sweet and fun to chat with. I dont think I will be coming but though. I do wish them the best.
Hot: YES (FYI: Medium was pretty Hot) 
Juicy: YES :)
Service: Very Good
Style: Messy Yet Fun 
Dress Code: Casual
*Recommendations: Order the rice w/a side of Hot-N-Juicy special sauce.
Open for Lunch & Dinner
Hours: 7 Days; 12pm-10pm
I finally made it!!!!  I took my friend Derek, as we have been pursuing the spiciest foods in Vegas and had yet to be happy with the results.  We had excellent service here (5 different waitstaff helping us out and refilling our iced teas, cleaning trash, feeding Derek's sugar packet habit, etc).  

We got the soft shell crab basket to start since Derek never had it before.  It was a bit overfried but tasty, and the cajun fries were tasty.

For the meal we had 1 lb hot n juicy medium shrimp, 1 lb hot n juicy spicy crawfish, 1 lb hot n juicy extra spicy crawish, and corn + potato + rice.

The conclusion: the shrimp were large, juicy, flavorful and tasty.  The spicy crawfish was our favorite - not too hot but the spice added up enough to give us that delicious burning flavor on the tongue and runny nose/watery eyes.  The flavor also was great.  The extra spicy crawfish had a nice intense spice, but the butter and overly powdered seasoning muddled the flavor.  

The corn and rice were nice "neutralizers" - next time we go here we would get the spicy level with anything.  A fun, messy, bib-ilicious experience!  and yes, I felt like a garlic breathing dragon all day!
First time eating crawfish, first time eating anything of this concept, so I must say it was a trip!

The service was great, the girls came by and explained everything to us. I was a little thrown off at first, because there's a disposable tablecloth right in front of you and they throw down a plastic bag of crawfish/shrimp/whatever, laden with sauce and a corn/potato/whatever thrown inside. And you just kind of dig in! Crawfish itself is kind of hard to eat, or difficult, since you go through sooo much work and the result doesn't really yield much. I'm much more of a shrimp kinda girl, but the sauce and all that licking made it worthwhile. 

This place is great, would come back again. My only complaint is (that since I'm such an environmentalist) they throw EVERYTHING away, from cups to plates to forks. I mean, i get it, it's easy clean up and all. But the poor environment! Anyways, that's just my qualm. Everything else was great.
Was here just the other day while in town for Halloween. I came in hoping it was good, and left satisfied. They were out o f a couple of items we would have tired, but we did get the king crab, whole blue crab, crawfish, and calamari. The crawfish and the crab we got with varying amounts of heat, all on the Hot n Juicy sauce. The sauce was very good. Plenty of tase, not simply liquid butter. Add dollar beers to that(not sure if all bottles are $1 everyday or not) and it added up to a very good time. I would definately go back.

The only minus is that they really have nothing BUT seafood. Several in our party do not like this kind of seafood, so their only choice was chicken wings(which they do not even have sauces for, they come out dry) and fries. A bit small of a non seafood choice.

Our waitress was very helpful and attentive as well.
Alberto's (original)
Alerto's (copy)
Albertaco's (copy)
Alberta's (copy)
Albatros (copy)
Viva Burrito (CO's copy)
Sarah Palin (original)
Tina Fey (a likable version)
Tommy's (original)
Johnny's (copy)
Boiling Crab (original)
Hot'n'Juicy Crawfish (copy)

Within a matter of five or so years, Boiling Crab has managed to open 7+ locations and it's spurred on a crab/crap load of copy cats and imitators. Hot'n'Juicy is one of them (why reinvent the wheel?).

This is how I think Hot'n'Juicy Crawfish Gentlemans Club stacks up against the original Boiling Crab in CA and TX.

CONS:
1. "It's too much work eating crawfish", so instead you'll get these huge monstrous crawfish that amount to about 12 in a bag vs. the 50-60 at BC.
2. The flavors?? They just didn't blend as well as BC's, and the crawfish just wasn't immersed long enough in the mixture to absorb any of the flavors. What you get, is some bland crawfish.
3. Even though BC has a slightly cheesy interior, I still love BC by far. You just can't beat their original locations signs in the men's bathroom which read: "players with shorter bats should stand closer to home plate" or "why are you looking up here, when the joke is in your hands".
4. The waitstaff and service at BC has always been fairly attentive and friendly no matter how busy it gets. HJC's was straightforward and rather distant.

PRO'S:
1. Basically the menu was the same basic menu as BC, so it did make ordering really easy.
2. No wait times! BC usually always has a minimum of a 1 hour wait time for dinner. HJC wasn't too busy for a Tuesday night.
3. The freshness of the dungeness crab was REALLY GOOD at HJC. Probably the best I've had almost anywhere... where are they getting it from!?!?

THE BOTTOM LINE:
Always imitated, never duplicated! Boiling Crab definitely reigns supreme, and I highly doubt I'd go back to Hot'n'Juicy unless they start to offer lap dances.
well. I was able to visit this Quasi-famous eatery (man vs. food) tonight and I'm 90% pleased. the location is ideal (edge of Chinatown), the wait staff was helpful and easy on the eyes, and the food was magnificent. my friend and I ordered 2 lbs of crawfish, 1 lb of shrimp, 1 lb of crab legs, cajun fries, 3 bud lights and a soda. 
our total was $64. not depressing but our "fullness" level could have been higher for the money spent. 

all in all the experience was great and I will definitely be back for seconds.
We wanted to visit this place b/c we saw it on that episode of Man vs. Food and when we visited Vegas we wanted a change from the restaurants available on the strip.  It was a good experience, the staff is super friendly.  We ordered 2lbs of the (spicy) hot & juicy crawfish and 1lb of the king crab, some sausages, corn and Cajun fries.  It was alright... satisfying, but definitely not the best I've ever had.  The crawfish were pretty small, and when they're small like that you have to work harder to get to the actual meat, which kinda sucked since the meat was super duper small.  The crab was really good, and I really liked the sausages, but I remember them being pretty expensive.  I think we paid an extra $6 to get six slices of andouille sausage.  The corn is the neutralizer, which is necessary if you can't handle the heat.    The cajun fries were so-so, our next trip we will do w/out them.  Next time, I'd like to try the shrimp and maybe clams (if they have them) and I'll probably try the medium instead of the spicy so I'm not constantly asking for more water.
Okay, this review may be a little biased because I'm comparing my Hot and Juicy experience with Boiling Crab out in California, but really... Hot and Juicy?  NOT SO HOT AND JUICY!

My friend recommended this place because her cousin saw it on the Food Network.  I want to go to Food Network, tell them that they SUCK, that they should retract the special on Hot and Juicy, and that they should do a special on Boiling Crab instead.  Okay, maybe not as harsh.

- We all ordered the shrimp with the Medium Hot and Juicy Special sauce.  At BC, you can see the garlic, pepper, and the deep red sauce in the bag.  Also,  the Medium Whole Shabang has a spicy taste that lingers.   This is what I was expecting.  Instead, the shrimp at H&J came out super bland, not spicy, and not juicy at all.  I had to squish my shrimp around the barely-there sauce to get it to have any flavor at all.

- We had to ask for limes, salt, and pepper.  They took forever to get the limes out to us.  It was as if they went to go buy limes and cut them up just for us.

- You can't draw on the walls.  How wack is that? Haha.  

The staff was friendly and the venue was clean, but it just didn't live up to my expectations.  I'm sorry H&J...  2 stars for you cuz: "Meh.  I've definitely experienced better."
They place rocks!!! First the flavors in the food are absolutely amazing. Shrimp and Crawfish are so fresh and come in plastic bags of goodness.... I have to say this place lives up to the hype and will become a regular in my top places in Vegas.
I've been hearing many rave about this place out in Vegas and being a crawfish lover myself, it was a must eat! It's pretty darn good, the Hot and Juicy flavoring is the one with all the flavors combined. Nice rich butter and garlic flavored paired with Cajun spices. Probably you're best bet if you come here. And the host wasn't kidding when she said theirs is usually a little bit hotter than you think with the added garlic. I have a decent tolerance for spicy and normally here in San Jose I can eat the medium or spicy (on good days) and have no problem. I ordered the Mild and it already had a big kick to it. I do definitely want to come back because the day we came they said crawfish is in season but I know it really wasn't and so the crawfish was small and many of them were black and dead. The meat of the crawfish was not crispy and very flaky, not fresh at all. Great service by the waiter and host though.
Pretty good food. 
Alot of work though. 
I would pay extra for someone to open the Crawfish for me. 
That doesn't make me a bad person.
I saw this on the travel channel and without that i would not have gone. But im glad i saw that episode because WOW.

My cousin and i went and had 1 pound of Hot & Juicy Shrimp- extra spicy, 1 pound of king crab legs$35 bucks. GREAT DEAL! 

and the food was great, i would advise you to not wear dressy clothes due to the hands on food. U got to use your hands and remember your bib.
Well worth the cab ride into Chinatown to try.  Crawfish was very fresh as was the softshell crab.  Next time, must plan a day trip to Chinatown and finish off with Hot N Juicy.  Beware that for most people, the extra spicy may be too spicy; would recommend starting off with the mild or medium.  Order one lbs first and go from there.  And don't ware anything you would mind getting juiced.  Enjoy!
if u from the deep south & dig seafood-- hit dis 1brah, hit dis 1-- two times, two times, ready, huh huh!

in my lifetime i've eatin' a thousand pounds of crawfish & i ain't never had any served quite like dis.  how can i describe it?  its spicy (oh yeah its spicy), its juicy (buttery & garlicy on the outside)-- who came up wit dis method?!

its damn good, bruh!  word.
I agree with Marilou A. (the reviewer before me). Similar experience. I'm from S. Cali and love crawfish. We went to Hot & Juicy bc one of our friend saw it on Food Network. (*Side note: It was on "Man vs Food" and obviously the host has never been to Boiling Crab in S. Cali.) 
Anyways, so when we went they told us they only had frozen crawfish. We figured we had frozen crawfish before ... if the sauce is good, everything will be ok. NOTHING WAS GOOD.
1) The crawfish was crumbly. I expected some toughness or flakiness from it being frozen, but this was just nasty. A bunch must have been dead before they were frozen. 
2) The sauce was NOT JUICY. It did not make me want to lick my fingers or suck the crawfish head. Too salty and pungent.
3) The corn was either overcooked or it was bad frozen corn. The kernels were tiny and prune-like. 

The only think I liked about the place was the fried chicken wings. Those were definitely HOT & JUICY, but I didn't go there for crawfish. I wanted dang good crawfish. We felt so cheated out  of the experience, so when we went home 2 days later, we dropped by Boiling Crab to cleanse our taste bud of not Hot & Juicy. 

WILL NEVER COME BACK TO THIS PLACE AGAIN.
Thank you Man vs. Food for introducing me to their absolutely deliciously amazing crawfish. OMFGGGG I MISS IT SO MUCH! :( Boiling Crab and Crab Hut got NOTHING on their crawfish. 

Anyways, I think this was the most satisfying meal I had in a long time. 

I don't know what else to say cause I honestly feel like no one is going to take this review seriously cause I'm comparing it to Boiling Crab. BOILING CRAB IS GOOD BUT OMG THIS IS GOOD TOO! 

Mouth is drooling, good god, and I only have Crab Hut in San Diego :(
I went here during my first visit to Vegas and it was my favorite part! I'm returning in January and after I check in to my hotel, this is the first place I'm headed. 

My boyfriend and I each ordered two lbs--mine was mild and he ordered medium. I'm a heat sissy, and I found my pretty spicy. There was so much garlic and flavor I couldn't believe it!

The only bad thing was that I never got a refill on my tiny soda, and I really needed one!
BTW! I failed to mention that one of the servers was super amazing. She was the brunette and I think she was featured on the Travel Channel. She was so helpful and nice!

But then we got this awful blond girl who help the other side of our table. She was so rude. We asked for more Blue Moon and instead of having it already poured in the glass like we FIRST got it, she just gave my friend the bottle and was like "Do it yourself." This girl NEEDS TO GO.
Love la love their hot n juicy seasoning whether it was over the crawfish or the shrimp it's sooo good. 

But I've had juicer crawfish meaning the amount of juice at the bottom of the bag didn't live up to it's name. More juice!
I wanted to try this place since I first saw it on Man vs Food and I missed coming here for my bday last month.  So my goal was to try to eat here for new years eve as 1 of my last meals for 2009.  Since I'm a big fan of crawfish, that's what we ordered along with the shrimp.  So 4 lbs of food between 2 people along with rice for my friend.  Since I am from Cali, we do have to compare every place to Boiling Crab.  So far, BC is the top.  This place would come in 2nd place.  The prices are pretty reasonable for the seafood since they are market price.  I wish they did post the prices up somewhere but they don't so you do have to ask how much it is per lb for the seafood items.  You do have to order the Hot N Juicy flavoring.  We didn't do the extra spicy and spicy was good enough for us since it did make our nose watery.  As for the size of the crawfish, they were sooo small.  I thought they might be a little bit bigger, but nope.  Small that I even had to take a picture of it since I think I was in shock from the size of it.  ;p  None the less, it was still yummy and I would definitely go back if I was craving crawfish in lv.  Note to remember, you do have to ask for the bibs and salt, pepper, lime sauce since they don't bring it to you initially like BC.  Service was pretty good except there was 1 waitress that seemed a little bit rude when she was talking to the guests so not sure if she was having an off day or if that's just her personality.
4 stars instead of 5 because they were out of fresh crawfish and the frozen ones were nasty AND we waited for about an hour on a Tuesday night!

However, the crabs and shrimps were very very very yummy! I have yet to try Boiling Crab....will need to try this soon to see how it compares.
wow, what a place. good atmosphere, cute servers and real good food. Unique distinct flavors. Get the spicy and you will find your nose running and sniffing while trying to eat and suck Crawfish and shrimp. But the spicy flavors have you wanting eat another piece after piece... and to be honest you know a place is real good when most of the customers consist of different races...there were a lot of Asians, Blacks and White customers... meaning people of different cultures can find a common ground when it comes to good food and the portions were good and price very reasonable...oh and did I mention cute and friendly waitresses? one criticism, they were out of fresh crawfish..c'mon what the heck? that is the only reason this is 4 out of 5 otherwise 6 out of 5
I am not a sea food fan, but this place im willing to sit down and grub.

I went in, ordered 1 pound of crawfish, and 1 pound of shrimp,
with there special blend of seasoning, its all the seasoning mixed together (suprisingly very good) and we choose the spicy, as in mild , hot, spicy , or extreme.

sit down at this table, no forks, spoon, there is a thing you tie around your neck to keep your shirt clean. its pretty funny never been to a place like this.

They serve you the food, in plastic bags, to keep the moisture and flavor locked in, and you just dump it out on the table.

I loved the Shrimp, not a very big fan of crawfish.

for a seafood joint, i liked it.

very cheap too, whole meal 3 ppl 35 bucks.
It is what it is. Spicy creole-Asian flavors +crab legs/crawfish.
the crab is good, not a fan of crawfish, but friends love it.
The food comes in a plastic bag filled with corn, potatoes and juices. This place has received a lot of attention on the Food Network.  It's definitely worth a try!
This place was pretty decent.  I couldn't believe there is a place like this in Vegas.  The service was good and the food was decent.  I did smell like garlic for days though.  I will go back, but it's not first on my list.
Alright! My first review write up! 
First off, as a bay area native, I will admit that Boiling Crab was better in the area of flavor and freshness of the Dungeoness Crab. 
BUT!   I did not have to wait 90 minutes for a table like BC, which makes it a huge plus!
This was my first crawfish experience, and now I know not to order them next time. So much work for so little payout! I mean really?! I am not gonna pay $10+/lb for lil morsels of meat! 
Next time, only crab and shrimp for me! 
The shrimp and crab were much better and more meaty payoff. It wasn't the freshest, but for Vegas and the price it wasn't bad.  
The hot & juicy special sauce did the job and make me reek of garlic for more than a day after! 
I would eat here again and recommend it!
I love Hot N Juicy. I found out about this place from foodnetwork? or travel channel's mvf? not really sure. 

The 1st time I've ever tried to eat crawfish was here. We ordered 1 lb of crawfish in medium hot&juicy sauce. After trying crawfish I learned that it's too much work for not enough meat, so never again. The hot&juicy sauce was delicious and pretty spicy. I love spicy food, but not so spicy that all you get is heat and no flavor. 

I prefer to order the 1 lb of shrimp with 1 dozen sausage in mild hot&juicy sauce. With a side of cajun fries. This is a winner for sure. This entire meal would cost around $30 and good for 2 people. Hot&Juicy sauce in mild has a good balance of heat and flavor. I love to let my cajun fries swim in that sauce. The h&j sauce also has the best flavor out of the other flavor options they offer. Beware tho cause the garlic and butter in the sauce will make you smell all day. By the end of the day you can still sort of smell the sauce on your fingers. 

I've also tried their raw oysters and you get 1 dozen for $15. It was good but the oysters are kind of small so I wouldn't really recommend it.

The calamari is ok. Cooked well. I tried dipping it into the hot&juicy sauce just because i love the sauce so much. Unfortunately it tasted too salty. The calamari is good on its own. 

I'm from the Bay Area so I've tried Crawdaddy's and this is way better than Crawdaddy's. Crawdaddy's sauce is watered down compared to Hot N Juicy. Crawdaddy's shrimp also looks anemic compared to Hot N Juicy. I haven't tried Boiling Crab tho.
I had such a good time here with my friends. Damn. $1 beers on Sunday nights. What more could you ask for? It was lots of fun eating shrimp and crab out of a bag with the 'dozen' sausages my friend was afraid to order (it's really just 12 slices of sausage in the bag).  Don't miss out on the corn with it all. Did I mention the great service? They'll even put a bib on your chest so you don't make a mess of yourself!  Beware the hot and juicy with the extra spicy sauce. I didn't even have the balls to taste it. Bock Bock. That's why I order the medium or no spice. Ha ha.
Ok.  I'm writing this review as a seasoned crawfish eater, hitting up the OG (original if you don't know slang) crawfish places in Westminster....  

This place was alright.  Their sauce wasn't very good, which is a major bummer, being that their crustaceans were pretty fresh.  The fries were meh.  Nothing special....  Maybe I've just been spoiled by places with sweet potato fries and yummy house sauces....  Good place to go if you're desperately craving seafood though
Like many others, i decided to try this place after watching the food network.  The fried catfish i ordered was really good.  Definitely would recommend that.  However, the shrimp and crawfish were just average.  The sauce wasn't that good and super duper spicy even though i ordered the mild.  The service staff there was great but i'm sure others reading this post will agree that they really really try and get you to drink a lot of alcohol.  Every time someone passed us by they kept trying to get us to buy more beer.  I understand they're  just doing their job so i'm not gonna hate on them for that.  The service overall was great.  Very attentive and our server even showed us how to properly de-shell and eat crawfish.  My group had an interesting situation while waiting.  The place was full and their was a sign that read "please wait to be seated".  So we stood in line at the door and waited.  There was a host that was taking down names for the waiting list so i tried to get his attention to put my name down but he was very busy cleaning the tables and told me to wait.  So i patiently waited only to see people come in behind me and walk up to him and he wrote their names down.  I figured he was smart and courteous enough to realize that i've been standing their waiting especially since we were blocking the aisle and he had to constantly excuse himself from walking past us.  Of course he sits other's before me and i have to go up to him and ask him about my table.  Expectantly, he tells me i'm next and to just be patient.  I honestly feel that this was an isolated situation on my party and shouldn't reflect their overall great customer service but i thought i should share my experience.  If you read any of my other posts you can tell i'm usually pretty quick and short....hopefully you can tell by the length of my comment that this situation annoyed me
I would give this place 6 stars if there's an option. It's right off the strip you'll need to take the cab there. It's never busy in the day time ( not sure about at night). My 1st time eating crawfish was at this place few years ago but never gotten a chance to write a review about it. Ate  there like 2 times while was in vegas.  I still hear good reviews from family members and friends who just got back from there recently this year. This place is the reason I became obsessed with those little critters. There were pics of celebrities on the wall who also ate here. NICE!  The environment is decent looking and the service was good and acceptable. There's always plenty of paper towels around and bathrooms are clean. Anyone who hasn't tried it should give it a try. It's worth every penny. Come on now... it has to be that good to make it on the food channel and travel channel. I think man vs food made the right choice. Boiling crab just isn't buttery and hot enough for a  challenge. 

Below is a little  review comparison between Hot n Juicy special sauce vs boiling crab whole sha-bang sauce. I've been to boiling crab about 8 times now in SJ and 1 time in anaheim and it is so far  the best in CA. I usually order 6 lbs.  I read some reviews here from others who had tried Hot N Juicy crawfish and I have to completely disagree with them calling this place a duplicate or copy cat of boiling crab. They should go get their taste buds checked. Hot N Juicy is 5x buttery/stickier and a bit sweeter but they do have xtra spicy as an option. Their sauce will leave your fingers smelling for days that's how good it is.  Boiling crab on the other hand has that smokey taste and their spice is acceptable. I normally order xtra spice.  What happens in vegas stays in vegas except for the smell it follows you home. Hot n juicy crawfish still remains #1 as my favorite place. 5+ stars from me for their awesome delicious foods.Boiling crab is right behind it unless Red Crawfish in SF can knock it to 3rd place. Red crawfish will be my next stop.
I have to start off by saying that I may be a bit biased since I looooooooooovvvvvvveeee boiling crab. 

After we landed, our first stop was to drop off our luggage at our hotel and then we jumped into a cab "hot n' juicy please!" This place isn't too far from the strip, a 5-10 minutes ride from where we were staying [venetian], about a $10.00 cab fare. When we arrived there were only a table or two dining which got us worried since we're used to boiling crab always being packed. As we were overlooking the menu I noticed that they serve blue moon, which deserves extra brownie points! 

We ordered 2 pounds of the shrimp in their hot n' juicy sauce which is a combination of all their sauces, cajun fries, and an order of rice. [FYI: you can't order half pounds here ]The food took quite a while to come out, but once we got to eating we noticed that the shrimp were wayyy over cooked. The skin and heads of the shrimp were falling off, and some pieces of shrimp were definitely too soft for my liking. We were probably only able to get through a pound-if that, of our order. But their sauce weren't too bad, definitely better than most places I've tried, but definitely doesn't live up to boiling crab's whole shabang sauce. 

All in all, this place isn't bad; if I'm ever in Las Vegas having major shrimpas cravings I wouldn't mind coming back.
Every time I am in Vegas, I make sure to go here at least twice. Their combo sauce is a lot spicier than Boiling Crabs whole shabang.
It is no boiling crab. The spices were a bit off. Service was slow. Our orders mixed up, hence, our bill took some figuring out.
After all the reviews, decided why not give it a try?  WOW, packed on a sunday nite with a 20 minute wait.  Know all about eating the spicy mudbugs after living in houston 7 yrs.  The crawfish were really good, not soggy and mildly spiced for my tastes choosing the hot n juicy spice.  They were out of stone & blue crab, leaving only king legs and snow crab to choose from.  I got the tiny sized snow crabs, my friend got the shrimp platter.  both were mostly fries.  this place would die a quick death in south texas or the bayou country.

pros: food came out really fast, miller lite by the bottle served really cold.
cons: limited items available that night, say they serve beer & wine but wine was only sold by the bottle last night.  atmosphere gets a zero, we were packed in like sardines, forgive the pun. waitress seemed frazzled, maybe it was her first night.  had to ask for lemons, WTF?
This place is off the strip a bit, but worth it if you are jiving for some crawfish and you live on the wrong side of the dixon-mason line.  This place is located in a small strip mall like many others in the Asian part of town, keep driving past the Pho shops and the Chinese restaurants and you are here.

This is not your "traditional" crawfish, it keeps a lot of the traditional flavors but throws in some Southeast Asian flair.  I got the two pounder of crawfish, got couple of beers,  rolled up my sleeves literally but the bip and went to town on those bad boys.  I go the Hot and Spicy and it was the right about of heat in it for me, if you know what the jucieness from the head of the crawfish tastes like than you know what I am talking about, tons of shrimp like flavor juices with the spices, and since this reciepe has tons of butter it creates a layer that stays on the shell which ups the calories, cholesterol, and saturated fat but takes the flavor up too.  The corn was a bit overdone though, the potato was good but only two little pieces.  This gets me a bit because corn and potato are cheap but tasty bits and yet they skimp on it.

Everything was good besides the corn and potato.  They should have a sign that tells you what the market price is before you order because $12.99/lb??
I really like Hot and Juicy. It's delicious, requires about a million napkins, hands on eating. Great to mow down, drink a couple beers and enjoy potato and corn dipped in the crawfish juice glory.
This is way different than this type of restaurant in the bay area but it really grew on me. The bags of dads or shrimp come out way drier and less buttery but were very addictive. 

My companions and I really went to work. There was more slurping/sucking noises than conversating going on...good thing. I love me some shrimp brains. We also ordered a whole dungeness that was deelicious. 

The crawdads looked a little beat up though, meaning the shells were cracked on a lot of dads like they had been roughly handled or crushed. Maybe a little less fresh than what I'm use to in the bay area.

Your hands are gonna smell like sea food for at least a full day but it's worth it. The heat had me waking up in the middle of the night a few times for a visit to Toto but this was expected. 

I'd definitely come here again next time I'm in Vegas. It's a great meal that will get you away from the strip.
I went to this place right after my flight and I loved it.  I got extra spicy crawfish and some medium shrimps.  Man, they don't lie... extra spicy is HOTT!  I was all red and my nose started to get runny but boy was it good.  Spicy + Beer = Heaven.  AFterburn was harsh but something about it was really addictive, kinda like crack.  I'm back in LA and craving it so badly.  By the end of  the bad, I was the crawfish peeling master.  Ohh the head juice after you twist the head off... yum!  Oh but make sure you don't eat the junk, well I didn't, just the juice!
A very enjoyable experience. Tonight I went with modest expectations after watching Adam Richmond eat here on Man v. Food. The experience was great. I met a few locals who said they eat their once a week, and started eating there before it was on tv. They suggested several dishes: the hot n juicy, medium spice, crawfish and sausage; the lemon pepper medium spice shrimp, and the mild spice lemon pepper crab legs. Everything was very enjoyable. The prices were very reasonable too. The waiters/waitress were very attentive, and the owner even gave us quite a bit of face time. I come to Vegas yearly, and this will be a normal stop for me.
Total fan of this place! The owners are super nice too. Laina came over to make sure we were enjoying everything.

We ordered 2 pounds of shrimp, a pound of crab legs, and later added a pound of crawfish (it's their namesake after all). Like everyone says, the shrimp is where it's at. You let that shrimp swim in their Hot N Juicy special sauce and you're in seafood heaven. Make sure you add some corn to that bag of shrimp. I love corn to begin with, but after it's been soaking in that sauce, it becomes absolutely amazing.

Be ready to get down and dirty with your seafood at this place. Make sure to bring your appetite and leave your best clothes at home.
Robyn, my future daughter-in-law had her trepidations about bringing me to Hot 'n Juicy Crawfish... In the past few years, virtually every place she thought I would like turned out to me... just Average, at best... And she heard from my youngest kids, that Dad doesn't like to touch his food - which is mandatory at Hot 'n Juicy.

When your Pound of either Blue Crab, Shrimp, or Crawfish is brought out in it's plastic bag... the Plastic Bib and the Paper Towels are definitely not enough "protection" to prevent yourself from getting MESSY! In fact, I'm proud to admit after the four of us finished the 2 pounds of combos - we had the largest remnants of "stuff" by far of anyone dining that evening.

You'll receive a free Cob of Corn and a small Potato with every 2 Pounds of stuff ordered. But, I recommend more - just for the fact that you'll have something pretty neutral to offset the HEAT from the Crawfish.

Hot 'n Juicy's recommendation of how to eat Crawfish is:
 1) Gently twist the head apart from the tail.
 2) Take the head and SUCK the juice from inside.
 3) Peel away 2 to 3 segments of shell from the tail to expose more meat.
 4) Pinch the bottom end of the tail while carefully pulling the meat out of the shell.

I have a few modifications to this procedure... Why would I suck on a Crawfish head when I don't do it to it's bigger cousin Lobster? That just.... SUCKS! I break off the tail from the head section and only retrieve the meat from the tail section.

The absolute best value is the Shrimp...
I treat the Shrimp at Hot 'n Juicy like the Salt & Pepper Shrimp that is prepared at Chinese restaurants. I consume the tail section, shell and all - it's just too much work trying to de-skin the Shrimp! When Robyn heard that --- Eww!

Robyn's recommendation: Order a pound of Blue Crab Legs and a pound of Shrimp.

Kevin and Kathy's (my daughter) suggestion: Crawfish and Shrimp.

My suggestion: After a Crawfish & Shrimp combo... I'd go for a Shrimp and Shrimp...

Suggestions for sides - Bread Rolls, Potatoes, Sausages are OK. Corn on the Cob, which is boiled along with the Crawfish literally turns into Cream of Corn - way too soft.

And... don't Breathe and Eat at the same time! Took me a few minutes to recover from the HEAT going down! Kevin tried some of my Spicy Crawfish and subsequently devloped a heat reaction - blotches of red all over his face and neck. I think for most - Spicy is hot enough.

Robyn was totally shocked when I gave Hot 'n Juicy a Yelper rating of 5-Stars - despite that fact that you can't avoid getting Messy here and despite scrubbing down with virtually all the Soap in the restroom afterwards and returning home probably needing a Bath / Shower... you can't help but have a pretty good time!

I can't think of a more enjoyable time to spend a couple of hours people watching - customers or your dinner companions getting down n' dirty with the Crawfish, or just to lower your own clean-freak inhibitions.

I was wondering why this restaurant was located in the un-officially designated Chinatown along Spring Mountain... So far as I could see that evening, there was only one waitress of Asian descent... I queried our waitress whether Hot 'n Juicy was Asian-owned - she replied that the owner was Thai and resided in Texas and was the second Crawfish place he owned.

Highly recommended by one who abhors using his dainty fingers....


I do have one last thought though.... What exactly is the chemical reaction of flash boiling on a Plastic Bag? Are there any chemical breakdowns of the Plastic Bag that the USDA should be worried about?
Very interesting and good New Orleans style boil restaurant.  I prefer the shrimp here (heads on) over the crawfish - add some sausage, potatos and corn to the boil and all is good.

1 lb. of shrimp is about $10, add some add-ins and it is around $13, good value, variety of 'boil' sauces are added in - I like the garlic butter mild, which is still pretty hot.

Very casual plastic tablecloth and paper towel joint on the west end of Chinatown on Spring Mountain, reasonable interpretation of a Louisiana crawfish/shrimp boil for Las Vegas - heavily frequented by Louisiana ex-pats and Chinatown regulars.

Very good option if you like this style of cuisine and don't mind making a mess when you eat.
When I first walked into this place I noticed everyone wearing a bib and I thought to myself I refuse to look like an idiot and wear a bib. 10 minutes later when the crab came out, I looked like an idiot. I like this place as a nice change of pace in Las Vegas, it's different and when the food is dumped right in front of you, you have to bypass your usual table manners and just ripping into the food with your hands hoping you don't get juice in someone's eye from all the cracking. I never knew a roll of paper towels could vanish that fast. I didn't get to try much just the crawfish and the crab, marinated with lemon pepper and garlic butter respectively. The crab was good, what's not to like about snow crab legs? I just wish crab itself was cheaper because I'm hungry and 20 legs deep just makes me want more. The crawfish on the other hand, I can do without. Love the juices, but after about 30 crawfish I felt like all I had was a bowl of soup. Good place, medium layout, decently clean bathrooms (B-) and the more people the better.
WOW!! Hot and Juicy Crawfish was great. First time there and didn't know what to expect. We ordered 2 lbs of Garlic Butter Crawfish and 1 lb of Lemon Pepper Shrimp. Flavor was AWESOME!! The spice was to much and it was mild. I'm sucha a wimp. :( I would definitely recommend going there with a bunch of friends. Atmosphere was nice. I guess it'd be what you'd expect if you were in Lousiana. BUT I LOVE THE FOOD AND ID GO AGAIN!!
I went here so long ago... 2 years ago to be exact... but I can still remember how good this place was!  We ordered crawfish, king crab legs and shrimp and everything was a delicious mess!

At the time service was fairly quick on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't crowded at all.  I dunno if things have changed in the last 2 years... judging from everyone's reviews... it seems like it's gotten better!
This place is sooo good! I am obsessed with this place! Whenever I'm in town, I have to stop by here! They're hot n spicy VERY SPICY crawfish is sooo good! Along with their soft shell crab basket is good too!
if you find yourself in Las Vegas, this place is a must go! We were seated right away...i got 1 lb of king crab legs and 1 lb of shrimp with lemon pepper seasoning and mild sauce...the mild sauce alone was hot, i cant imagine getting their hottest hot sauce...if you're not a big seafood person, like my girlfriend, they have chicken nuggets with fries...the chicken nuggets were very juicy, and the fries are indescribable definitely go back if i ever find myself in Vegas

for people in the bay area, hot n juicy crawfish pwns the boiling crab
Great, hole-in-the-wall type of seafood place! Have gone here a couple of times with my sea-food loving friends and their families, and everyone left very satisfied!

The service was charming, and helpful, as the menu is a bit confusing as far as prices and options. The food was delicious! Probably one of the best raw oysters I've ever had! The spices used were out of this world! Just make sure to ask for mild if you can't handle spicy food.

The location was authentic, right on the edge of Las Vegas China town. Servers spoke English and were informative. 

I really enjoyed my dining experience here and will be back when I have a craving for seafood.
So I just flew into Vegas tonight and pretty much headed straight here after checking into my hotel. What can I say, I was fiending. While I was a little skeptical reading some of the reviews from loyal Boiling Crab fans (because honestly, who doesn't love BC), I decided to give it a shot. So, let me reiterate that I have been to both Boiling Crab and Hot n Juicy, and each has their pros and cons. I personally think they stack up pretty well (and I have reviewed both).

Pros for Hot n Juicy:

1. Wait time was less than 10 minutes for a table for 2. It was a "slow" night for them (Monday) around 8ish but there was enough space to sit while waiting. While we were waiting, C and I searched their wall of Polaroids for Adam Richman's...of course, he had his own frame.

2. Wait staff was friendly. Our server Amanda was excellent. She checked in with us frequently and let us know that the kitchen was closing and asked if we wanted any more food before then. After it was kind of cooled down a little (we were one of the last to leave) she came over and talked to us and we bonded over our dogs. I think that their wait staff is WAY nicer than BC's. They say hi as soon as you walk in the door...and they smile. Who'd have thought.

3. Price is pretty good. After reading previous reviews, we decided to skip the crawfish, and we got 2 pounds of shrimp (with their version of BC's "whole shabang" sauce) with sausage (which are bigger), sweet potato fries, and 2 beers a piece and the total was less than $45. I saw complaints about the shrimp being overcooked, but ours was done perfectly.

4. They have a full bar.


Cons for Hot N Juicy:

1. Their parking lot is tiny...fits maybe 20 cars. We had to park in the lot across the side street and walk over.

2. Restaurant is a lot smaller than BC. If you go on a super busy night, it might take you a bit longer to get seated. That's the main reason that we went tonight instead of on a Saturday.

3. You walk out of there smelling like crap. But...you would at BC too. So I guess that's not much of a con.

In terms of the food...the level was about the same, although I will say this (and I hope it makes sense): while H&J was a little bit spicier, BC had more flavor to it. My friend and I both liked the sweet potato fries here better than at BC. The size of the sausage (har, har, har) was bigger at H&J. Beer prices were the same, which is a huge plus. You really can't beat $3 for a Corona. Both places have TVs, which at the time were playing the Lakers game.

If I was in town again, I would probably end up going back. It's no BC, but it fills the void.

I'd give it 3 3/4 stars, but I round up because I'm nice.
I have been to this place a few times , I thought they had the best crawfish in Vegas...As my bf and I kept going we noticed that the crawfish is not fresh at all. 4 Out of the 7 times we've been there some of the crawfish were black, now you know when it's not good at all when you open the crawfish and find black juice not just one crawfish but a few. Don't get me wrong their flavors are all there! You have to try the hot and juicy seasoning which is a mixture of everything. 

When they mean spicy they really mean it! The have other items on the menu for those who do not eat seafood like chicken wings and chicken nuggets. 

Service is okay, a few times they forgot my order and never checked up on us to see why we haven't all received our food. Not only that they never even apologized. Make sure the printer in the back is working!

Oh yeah, Parking is a pain in the butt when it's busy!
My sister was in town and we both wanted to try this place after seeing it on Man v. Food (Travel Channel). 

As we pulled into the super small parking lot, we both noticed the sign that said $1 beers on Sunday and Mondays!!

What we ordered:

 2 lbs of crawfish in their Hot N Juicy sauce medium spicy (comes w/1 corn and 1 potato)

1 lb of shrimp in the garlic butter sauce mild spicy
-added 1 corn and 1 potato

had a couple heineken lights and blue moons

The crawfish were a bit on the smaller side but the sauce was great. The medium spicy was a little too spicy for my sister, but perfect for me. The shrimps were big and the sauce was good too. The corn and potato were just ok.

Next time I come here, I will pass on the crawfish. I will get shrimps for sure and probably try the blue crab.

I hope they get some better soap in the restroom because I couldn't get the smell of the sauce off my hands until I washed them again back at the hotel. 

I'm glad I was just wearing tshirt and jeans because your clothes smell like the sauces when you leave the place.
I was SOOOO DISAPPOINTED in this place, I'd thought I write a review. Was there last week and almost walked out on Hot n Juicy. Worst service ever, nothing compared to the first time we've been there. Honestly, the first time we were there late last year food was awesome (almost as good as BC)

Was there for a late late lunch and we were all starving. I recommended this spot to my fellow travelers and said it's worth the wait and just as good as BC. Waited for about 1 hour and this is a late late lunch around 2-3pm. Got seated and waiter took our order. He confirmed the order and everything was correct. Food came 15 min later. Sauce taste so watered-down, no flavor what so ever. Nothing like the first time we were there. Not only that our friend had ordered 2 lbs of king crab legs. 1 with their special sauce and 1 just steamed (plain.) Everybody got their food except for the steam crab legs. We kept reminding them that we still have not received it and it's been about 20 mins. 5 min later, still nothing. Told another waitress/waiter to check on it. Again, 5 mins later, still nothing. It's been 45 mins and still nothing. Everybody is done eating and one of us still have not gotten plain crab legs. WTH!!! So again, we ask if they have forgotten our order and they said No, it's on order. Told us crab legs takes an average of 25 mins to steam, but yet we got the first lb with sauce and everything in 15 min. Why does it take longer for plain crab legs? Everybody is completely done now and we still did not get the crab legs. We ask what was going on and they said, again we are doing everything we can to fulfill orders and it's very busy and for us to just hang in there. Nobody else was waiting to get seated. There were empty tables and people who came in after us was already finishing up their food. WTH!!! So we ask for the manager and the jerk in charge said with a smile "there's no manager available right now" and walked away. We saw the waiter ask him what was going on with their order and he threw his hands in the air, said "i dunno" and walked away. Obviously somebody was in charge at the time. WTH!!! And their apology to us was that they will not charge us gratuity since we were not happy. OMG!!! I can't believe this place even made it on the Travel Channel now. We paid for our food even after the way they treated us. Not only that, as I was walking to the restroom to wash my hands, the girl in charge was on the phone with the owner and was explaining to him how it happened and if he hears anything about it... that's what really happened. WTH!!! That did it!!! That was the last call!!! Never ever going there again and never going to recommend it to anybody else. Horrible!!!
I love this place!  Mudbugs, crawfish, crawdad, whatever you want to call them I love to eat them!  Another gem located way off the strip on Spring Mountain Rd which is asian food heaven from what I saw driving around.  The place was crowded which is always a good sign.  The crawfish was very fresh as I think we are nearing peak season.  Nice big juicy suckers with plenty of tail meat.  All crustaceans (crawfish, king/snow crab, dungeness crab, blue crab and shirmp) have a choice to be bathed with mild to extra spicy seasoning sauce.  The spice level is as stated.  No watering it down for the tourists.  When they mean spicy, it will be spicy.  Best to avoid the extra spicy unless you are participating in some food challenge or trying to show off.  Not really a first date kind of place but heck if you bring someone here you both should know what you are getting in to.  Parking is beyond tiny and likely you will need to park on the side street which is a little on the sketchy side.  The servers were all fun and eager to please with refills constantly coming.
Hot n' Juicy is an old favorite of mine located on Spring Mountain between Decatur and Jones. Hot n' Juicy is definitely the messiest eatery in town, and all the more fun because of it. Sometimes when I give that description people don't want to try it, but it would be a shame not to. Besides the fun of eating here, the food is great. How can you really go wrong with fresh seafood, butter, and Cajun seasonings?

Today I ordered one pound of the crawfish ($9.99) and my husband ordered one pound of the snow crab ($13.99). We both asked for the Hot n' Juicy special seasoning, extra spicy! You are free to choose your heat level as well as the style of seasoning you prefer - Louisiana Style, Juice Cajun, Garlic Butter, or Lemon Pepper. Besides crawfish and snow crab, you can also order dungeness crab, blue crab, king crab, or shrimp.

The first time I had a crawfish boil was at my brother's graduation from University of the South in Sewanee, Tennessee. I remember them dumping huge buckets of steamed crawfish onto the tables and everyone would just have at them, discarding the shells and heads onto neighboring tables. At Hot n' Juicy it's a little different, but not much. You are given bibs and your table is covered in white plastic that is accessorized with your own roll of paper towels. They bring your crawfish in plastic bags that are tied at the top to capture the heat. When you open the bag you get an aromatic burst of spicy steam that gets you really excited for what you are about to enjoy. This is where the fun starts. Crawfish are peel and eat little buggers that require somewhat of an experienced eater to navigate through them in order to get to the savory bits. First you must detach the tail, which you peel just as you would the tail of a shrimp. Then, and this is most flavorful part, you must suck the head by gently squeezing it into your mouth so you can get all the juices and inner goodness out of it. If this sounds totally disgusting to you, go for the crab. They supply you with crab crackers, but Ian and I agree they should probably pre-crack them for you to make the experience easier and allow all the seasoned butter to seep into the meat. Whatever you decide to get, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.

If you order two pounds of crawfish you get a hunk of corn on the cob and a red potato in your bag, but since we ordered one pound each of different items we opted for the Cajun fries ($2.99). These came out hot n' spicy with a side of cooling ketchup. We managed to reserve some of the fries to dip in the juices at the bottom of our bags, and this was way better than the ordinary condiment. Who would have thought that you could make French fries even tastier and more unhealthy with the addition of seasoned butter? I guess Europeans serve their fries with mayonnaise, so I don't feel too guilty or out of line.

By the time you are finished, it looks like Hurricane Katrina has hit your table leaving a mass of wet and crumpled paper towels in her wake. This is certainly not a prime location for a wedding reception, but if you don't mind getting your hands dirty in the name of taste, you really should try Hot n' Juicy almost any other time.
OMG BEST CRAWFISH OF MY LIFE!  THEY REALLY ARE HELLA HOT AND JUICY!!

*mouth waters*

Seriously though, this place is  BOMB!  A must try for anybody that enjoys seafood and is hanging out in Vegas.  The restaurant is located near LV Chinatown, off the strip on Spring Mountain Road.  It gets really busy in the evening, so I would recommend making reservations before hand.  My group of eight had to wait 45 minutes for a table (but since we were all pretty buzzed it went by extremely fast, lol).

The décor inside is very nice; definitely makes you hungry and impatient for the seafood.  The smell of hot, juicy crawfish is mixed in the air... I could not wait much longer to sink my mouth into them!  We ordered three pounds of crawfish (each pound including a potato), calamari, and Cajun fries.  The crawfish wasn't too expensive (under $15 a pound), and when they arrived in bags, we were ready to chow down.  I took my first bite of spicy crawfish, and BAM!!  Juices flowed into my mouth, and I was in crawfish heaven!  Everything was delicious!!

The crawfish pieces were decent (I mean, they don't have a lot of meat on them anyway), but once you start crunching on its shell, the juices come right out and that itself is so tasty.  I definitely plan on coming back here in the future.

Valet parking is not available and is limited, but there is a grocery center across the street where you can park and walk over.
Friends were in town and we came here for dinner last night. What we ordered:

2 lbs King Crab in Hot N Juicy sauce med spicy
2 lbs shrimp in Hot N Juicy sauce med spicy + 1/2 dozen sausage
1 lb shrimp in Hot N Juicy sauce extra spicy
3 Blue Moons
2 iced teas
1 bud light

The food was great. I wanted some shrimp in the Garlic Butter sauce but my friends only wanted the Hot N Juicy sauce. Oh well. There's always next time!!
DELISH!

Reasonably priced, make sure to wear comfy clothes (you will need to pull your sleeves up and wash your cloths right after), spicier than average (so you may want to order a spice lower than usual on your first try), service was ehh but they were SUPER busy, parking sucks, bathrooms are eh..

But what can I say, it definitely hits the spot when you are looking for a crawfish joint.
I was motivated to go here because I saw it featured on the Food Network, and I was hoping it could hold a candle to the Boiling Crab.  While to seafood was pretty good, it wasn't as spicy & flavorful as I had hoped for.  Go early as it tends to get crowded.  We went at 11am on a weekend and by the time we finished our meal, there was a line for tables.
fortunately, both times I've been here, we beat the crowds... the wait can get pretty long, if its crowded. 

the food here is good. i'd say its on par with boiling crab. we got the hot n juicy special. tried both spicy and very spicy. very spicy is not as killer as they hype it up to be, but the heat does build up over time. 

minus one star for sometimes slow service.
Delicious!!! Will be back next month...just to eat here!
delicious!!! 

you walk in and that smell of garlic hits you and you automatically become hungry. 

crawfish and blue crabs my fave, in Hot N Juicy sauce ( which is all of their sauces combined) 

the shrimp can be mushy if they're of bad quality. I havent had good quality yet so i tend to stay away from that. 

also order their fries and wings! super crispy and they stay that way throughout the meal. 

nom nom nom! i am glad theres one in vegas so i dont have to go to california to get a boiling crab fix.
Ok, the only reason why this place gets 4 stars is because this was my first experience going to any crawfish spot and I have no where else to compare it to.

PROS: The shrimp was ridiculously good and damn spicy like I like it, crawfish was yummy too. Being a newbie I would say my first time was memorable =)

CONS: Service was a bit whack at first but nothing major to bring the place down. I had to keep asking for water and my cousin had to re-order her shrimp because they didn't ask her what kind of sauce she wanted. Luckily, the rest of us were hungry and ate her order, and she re-ordered... so, it worked out!

Beware! I was hurting after this... good lawd! If you plan on going to a club that night... make sure you go HOURS and HOURS before or else you're gonna have to go when you have to go. LOL.

FINAL ANSWER: Go because it will suffice your craving!
I suggest to get the Crawfish if it's your first time there...and eventually work up to getting the Shrimp. I also suggest getting it with the Hot & Juicy sauce Mild (for the first time)..and if youc an handle the heat try it with an extra notch on the heat factor. Also...ask the server for salt, pepper, and limes on the side. Sqeeze the limes into the bowl of salt and pepper, then dip the crawfish or shrimp in there after soaking into the Hot and Juice sauce! OOO Mouth is watering as we speak! 

The deep fried soft shell crab and calamari was good too. OMG...the OYSTERS are my favorite! I love their cocktail sauce and their horseradish that comes with it. Nom Nom Nom!!!! 

Be prepared to get messy and to smell like garlic for 2 days straight after eating there. It is so worth it. Be careful, dinner time gets busy so good luck on having a "quick" dinner. 

Don't forget the cajun fries, corn and potato on the side. YUMMM!!!

Oh you get a 3% discount if you pay in cash too. the crab bibs are famous now. and remember to ask for tons of paper towels!
during my vegas trip, i decided to stop by a crawfish restaurant! my friends and i were craving so we yelped out this place and decided to give it a try. being drunk the entire day gave us the biggest drink coma ever so we didnt get a cab til 1020 and didn't arrive here until 1040. service was great even when we came late and stayed super late.

we ordered hot n juicy crawfish and shrimp along with the catfish basket. the catfish was pretty good and the fries were good too! surprisingly we actually finished the fries and the catfish. we ordered the crawfish/shrimp in med. because the server was persistent about noting how SPICY medium really is. the sauce was good but a tad bit salty and not really the cajun texture i really like. as for spice level, medium isn't really that spicy. my friend and her bf can't eat spicy stuff but they were able to eat the medium with no hesitation. i liked the potato that was in the bag YUM. the crawfish were HUGE and the shells were soft so i didn't leave with bloody pricked fingers= ]. the shrimp; however, were a little small and the heads were kind of bitter. we weren't able to finish it cuz we were so full already!

i wonder why crawfish is priced differently in different areas? over here its 11$/lb. the catfish basket was 9 or 10$. it's about the same as in san jose. in LA it's 8$/lb and a catfish basket is about 8$. interesting! oh and they need to do something with the restroom because it's pretty dirty and a little gross.

btw hot n juicy is coming to SF:)
Awesome place! Im always cravin it, mmmm!  It gets a 4/5 just because the server took a little long to get us things like the bill or drinks. This place is sure to get you messy, but the food is absolutely terrific and flavored with true Cajun flavors.  The food is spicy, reasonably priced and portioned.  Here's what I ordered:

- 1lb of shrimp in the Hot N' Juicy special sauce (combination of all of their  signature sauces)

- 1 corn

-Order of Cajun fries

My total came to about $14  and I was still eating leftovers the next day.

Also, they don't let you get half pounds, so you can either split with someone or get a full.
Probably the best Crawfish joint in Southwest USA! Imported FRESH from Louisiana.  This place is the real deal.  The last time I was there, we happen to run into former Louisianians and had said they were just as good as they had them back home.

Be prepared to get messy.  You order by the pound.  They come in plastic bags and a tin bucket (for disposing shells).
Ah, Vegas. So yeah, I dined at the supremely elegant Fleur de Lys, downed steak at the trendy N9NE Steakhouse, and ate my frites at Bouchon - but nothing was quite as satisfying as rolling up my sleeves, donning a bib, and digging into a bag full of hot and juicy crawfish. 

After watching the Man vs. Food Vegas edition, we decided the trek off the strip was worth it for pounds upon pounds of seafood, all seasoned with the house signature, Hot and Juicy sauce.

This is interactive dining, not for the faint-hearted. We ordered several pounds of Hot and Juicy crawfish, Hot and Juicy shrimp, king crab legs, chicken nuggets, corn& potatoes and cajun fries. While extremely inexpensive and delicious, be prepared to get down and dirty. If you can dig your beer under the mounds of crawfish and shrimp shells, take a long swig because even the mild sauce had my senses in a frenzy.

Ask for extra paper towels. 3% off your bill if you opt to pay in cash. The wait can be long but at $3 a beer, the time will pass quickly.
I love this place! A few people have mentioned they saw this place on Man vs Food, that's what happened to us too. Saw it, then decided to check it out while we were in town. A no-frill place outside & inside, plastic sheets on the table with a roll of paper towel. They serve mainly seafood (shrimp, crawfish, crab legs, fried fish, etc). Your seafood comes with your choice of seasoning, which also comes with your choice of spiciness levels. I picked the Hot & Juicy Special seasoning in mild, which it still had a bit of a bite to it, with a robust garlic flavor. I loved it.

Your seafood is delivered to your table in a plastic bag, and if you order any potato or corn on the side, they come in the same bag too, along with the seafood & seasonings. My husband ordered the fried catfish basket and he said they were good. No utensils, just you, your plastic bibs and your hands. So it does get quite messy. I ordered  pound each of crawfish, shrimp & crab legs. Just get down to cracking with my food & a few bottles of beer made for a nice, relaxed lunch while on vacation. 

The staff were nice & friendly. Since we were first-timers the girl who seated us explained the different seasonings & spice levels. She was very responsive, replenishing our drinks & clearing up items as we finish. 

Not cheap, but seafood usually isn't. I thought the market prices were fair. This will definitely become my Vegas spot to re-visit next time I come in town.
My cousin saw this place on the Food channel and added it to her list. We went late on a Monday night (they are only open until 10pm.) We ordered 2lbs of crawfish & 2lbs of shrimp, Hot & Juicy seasoning, medium. They were boiled in a bag and brought to the table in the bag. We also ordered Cajun fries that were hotter than expected. Fun place with great food.
My friends and I are big fans of Boiling Crab and Boat House, so we were excited to find a Cajun seafood restaurant when we were in Vegas. I'm totally over eating at buffets when in Vegas because I can no longer justify paying $40+ for AYCE when I can't even eat a lot anymore. I did notice that some Yelpers have mentioned seeing this place on Man Vs. Food. I guess I must have missed that episode, but I did see Adam's picture framed on the wall there!

I ended up eating the shrimp, dungeness crab, and crawfish with mild garlic butter sauce. I usually order mild whenever I eat at Boat House or Boiling Crab, which is the perfect amount of spicy for me, but here at Hot N Juicy Crawfish, mild was a little too hot for me to handle. Our server did warn us that their food was a little bit spicier than other places, so I should have better prepared myself. It took a while for our party to finish the food because everyone's mouths were on fire, but we won the battle against the food, even if it was only mild!
Looking for some crawfish?  Like it Hot?  Like it Juicy?  Well Holy Apple Jack's Batman I found it!  Something I didn't expect, but oh what a pleasant surprise.  Tables are covered with plastic and a roll of paper towel is your complimentary item, which you'll need.  This place is all about the food, from the time you eat til the time you leave the smell of garlic and spices will linger.  The spicy is really really spicy!      
  Your tools left hand/Right hand.  The object?  To Eat.    

For 3 people:
Medium
1lb of Shrimp
2 lbs of Crawfish
Corn + Potato + Beverage

Oh so tasty.

Decor:4
Food:4
Service:4

Would I go back?  You bet your pastrami I would!
OK its 3 days since I ate here and I can still smell garlic on my fingers! This place was one of the best parts of my Vegas trip. The complainers about this place can only complain about waiting. I would wait an hour or more no problem! The service was outstanding. When they dumped those bags of seafood on the table without utensils or plates, I knew it would be good. We ordered the crawfish hot n juicy style but mild and the garlic shrimp. Both were great but the crawfish are alot of work for a little meat so my favorite was peeling the shrimp and dipping it in the hot n juicy sauce from the crawfish. MMMMMMM! I can still taste em. I will go here every trip to Vegas from here on out! We went on a weekday and had no wait at all but it was busy.
Hot & Juicy crawfish is a nice, tasty alternative to the bland, pricey food on the Strip. Located in Chinatown, less than 10 minutes from the Strip, this joint was also featured on Man Vs. Food. I honestly wasn't looking too forward to eating here (I'm not huuuuuuge on seafood) but my bf really was, so I manned up and we went.

We ordered 2 lbs of the Hot & Juicy special sauce + medium spice level. The waitress did warn us that their spice levels are a little higher than most places, but I thought "Eh, it'll be fine." No! No! Not fine! This is liquid death! But it hurts SOOOOOOOOO good. The sauce is succulent and ridiculously flavorful. But it burns, all the way down to your soul. Oh boy does it burn. Be careful of what you order. After a while I couldn't even taste what was happening, the crawfish were so hot. I recommend getting a side dish (we got rice) to help soak up the heat, it really helps. It also is awesome that they offer free refills on your drinks, because trust me, you TOTALLY need it. After every bite I needed a huge gulp of cold liquid.

Oh, and after you eat here, make sure you're going to be very close to a toilet for the next couple of hours. Oh! And if you pay in cash, you get 3% off!
I love this place. Now I have never been to Louisiana or anywhere in the South, so I can't compare it to anything "authentic". But I really have to say this place is awesome. You have a mixture of different people eating and working there. It's an awesome casual place to hang out, watch sports, and most importantly enjoy some crawfish. 
You really can't go wrong with the Hot n Juicy Special. It's packed with flavor. I really like spicy foods but when I ordered extra spicy, I really thought I needed a two liter with me to just get through the meal. 
The only downside to the restaurant is the parking. There is absolutely no parking during the weekend at dinner time. If you happen to park in the massage parking spot for two seconds (I happened to be picking up a to go meal), this angry little Asian woman will come out screaming at you. So if you are coming for dinner, be prepared to park in the next plaza.
Love me some Hot N' Juicy!!!! Quick update to yesterday's visit to HNJ with my younger brother. Took him their for a quick bite and he loved the crawfish and shrimp in garlic butter (mild; I usually prefer spicy). I noticed a few new employees since my last visit. They waitress was very polite and held a quick conversation while taking our orders. Service was prompt and the food was up to its usual greatness; all around fantastic once again at Hot N Juicy!
This place is the BOMB!  My family is from Louisiana, therefore I'm familiar with the way crawfish is supposed to taste.  This restaurant is by far the best place I've ever been outside my family's kitchen. 

Warning: The Spicy Hot & Juicy seasoning is just that, SPICY!!! But so GOOD!!!
After seeing this place on Man vs. Food and multiple pictures on my friend's Facebook page, I had to make a pit stop here while I was in Vegas.  The crawfish was good but super duper exceptionally bodaciously spicy.  You order the crawfish by the pound and it was $9.99 a pound and get to choose the seasoning sauce.  The specialty here is the hot and spicy, which you then get to choose mild, medium or hot.  Let me tell you, even if you can eat really spicy food, choose mild because it's going to so burn going in and coming out!  I can usually handle spicy food very well but found the mild here to be really hot.  The garlic in the hot and spicy sauce really came through and made the crawfish really really good!  In fact I think this place is even better than the crawfish boil restaurants that I've been to in both New Orleans and Houston. 

We came here on a Thursday night and found it to be about half full which was to our surprise because we had heard it can be at least a 30-40 minute on weeknights and longer on weekends.  I guess we just lucked out.  3% discount if you pay in cash.  The total for the two of us came to $41 dollars with tax and tip; this included 2 pounds of crawfish, sweet potato fries, beer, rice and extra corn and potato.  

Awesomeness is achieved here and this time man won, at least until his visit with the porcelain goddess later in the evening!
We had a less than stellar experience here.  We ordered a pound of shrimp and a pound of crawfish to share between my wife and I, which would have come to about $23 at current market price.  When the waiter dropped off my bag it seemed unusually beefy, and when he returned with the wife's shrimp, it too seemed large.  I asked him if these were one pound bags and he replied, "No, two pounds each.".  I told him we didn't order 2 pounds of each, just one, and he basically just shrugged his shoulders at us as if to say, "Oh well, you've got em now." and walked away.

I had to get up and go track him down to explain to him that I did not want that much food and did not want to spend $50 on lunch and that he needed to figure out another option.  He came back to our table and picked up our food, then returned with the proper amounts.

The food itself was OK, not great as other reviews state.  Crawfish seemed on the tiny side, and many of the shrimp were a bit overcooked and mushy.  Flavor was tasty though, we had the mild Hot N Juicy seasoning.

This place wasn't worth the drive from the hotel for us, but maybe we just caught them on a bad day.

I would say this place is worth a shot, but I really can't recommend it based on my one and only visit.
We've been coming here ever since they opened, you know, before they were uber popular because of Man vs. Food, before there was an hour wait to get seated,... We'd be the only ones in the restaurant and those days are long gone. 
 
Plain and simple, the food is good. We had Crawfish and shrimp with garlic butter- less than mild, 2 sides of rice... OK, I love garlic but there's an abundance of it in the food. If you're not a fan of garlic, you are NOT going to like this  particular sauce. 

The taste and smell of the food is pretty strong, thanks to the massive amounts of garlic, you can smell like seafood and garlic for a couple days after you eat here... No matter how many times you shower, no matter how many times I tried to get rid of the smell, it just would not go away. So if you've got some where to be and the smell of garlic and seafood will not be so appealing to the people around you, I suggest to come back another day because, it's no joke, the smell STICKS for days :) 

(I'm doing laundry today, 2 days later and my purse and clothes still smell like garlic)
Just freaking finger licking good I say! My friend and I had a pound each of shrimp with the hot & juicy seasoning. It was really good. How can you not grin when a pound of shrimp in a bag is put before you? 

No need for utensils - use your hands!!! It's finger food to the max. We also had an order of garlic fries and can I just say - pure heaven. Definitely good stuff and it'll be one of my next stops when I'm in LV again!
For a long time I had been craving for some seafood and I don't mean fish and chips, or fish sticks, or Long John Silvers.  I mean SEAFOOD: crab legs, oysters, and shrimp (or how Australians call it, Prawns).  I never could find any place that had these items.  My withdrawals could be compared to a crack addict waiting for the next fix.

I was with my cousin exploring Townsquare Wine Walk on night a couple of weeks ago.  Our expedition was only to end there, but when I'm with my cousin or cousins I always want to end it with food.  I remembered his review on Hot N Juicy Crawfish which gave me the idea of going.  I swear, driving from Townsquare to the restaurant felt like a five minute drive since I flew down the I215 and drove 60 miles per hour on the side streets.  Not that it mattered since there was a thirty minute when we arrived.

As always I do observe the host/hostess on how I'm greeted.  The first thing I noticed was their smile just beamed like a ray of sunshine.  Was that too much?  It just seemed like they love where they work and like what they do.  Peeking through the window as I waited, all I saw were shrimps, lobsters, crabs, and corns laid out on the table lined with off white paper cloth.  This definitely heightened my excitement.

Finally, we got seated.  My cousin and I ordered a pound of shrimp, a pound of king crab, and half dozen of oysters with four sides of corn in their Hot N Juicy spice mix.  As the server came with our order, it was brought in a plastic bag filled with a lot of butter and the spice mix.   I've never had food served in a plastic bag looking like a doggy bag ready to be taken home.  

It's a very interactive way of dining as there was no where to place the shells, only on the table.  So in the end you get from a plastic filled shrimp and crab legs to a table filled with empty shrimp shells and crab shells.  It's the most fun I've had eating here.  My boyfriend just told me that this girl he knows says it was just okay.  She must've been drunk or upset about some drama that she didn't see the goodness of this place.  But whatever.

I would definitely go back and eat here again and again.  The relaxed atmosphere and interactive dining is worth coming back for.  Kudos to you Hot N Juicy Crawfish for being one of the best seafood restaurants in Vegas.
So worth the trip to Vegas! I loved the hot n spicy mild seasoning, although mild it still has a kick that will keep ur mouth burning. Trust me get at least two pounds per person, and add a pound or two of the shrimp!! After having crawfish at hot n juicy, nothing else even compares. Bring it over to md pleaseeeeee!!!!!
Been wanting to come for a while and get this off my list. I was kinda worried as most things hyped can very well disappoint. Did a UYE here today and it was a ton of fun getting hot N MESSY with some of Vegas finest eaters.

BF and I got some crawfish and shrimp- both with mild hot n juicy sauce....with the HNJ sauce- it's a notch up in spice than the others. A mild is more like a medium so keep that in mind if you cant do the spice. It was nicely flavored and GARLICKY so plan to have time to shower a few times before seeing other people! MMmm garlic. Other sauces can be had with zero spice for those who can't do heat (garlic butter, cajun, etc).

The shellfish was very fresh. I rarely eat crawfish since the last few places I've gotten it at  it tasted like mud. It was fresh, juicy and "clean" (no mud) aftertaste. Shrimps were a good size and not overcooked- still succulent and had "the snap". We also put half a dozen andouille  sausages in with our shrimp (meaning half a dozen slices- not individuals sausages) which were great in the sauce. Ask for some lime/lemons and salt and pepper. I find when it gets a bit too spicy, dipping the meats in lemon helps balance the HNJ sauce out.

For sides I needed my rice! Hahaha I swear, a Filipino girl can't have shrimpies with no white rice. It was $2 for a small bowl and I can easily devastate a few bowls when I'm eating spicy...so in that sense- they are making a killing off this per scoop thing. BF wanted some sweet potato fries- pretty good, but for nearly $5 I think it's overpriced for what it is. That's where some places get ya- a la carte sides.  We also had ice teas and a blue moon. It came to nearly $50.

Major kudos to the staff for accommodating 16 peeps and keeping the service going consistently. I would die if I was eating spicy foods and drinks are neglected. SO glad I didn't get a HNJ sauce with a medium level!!! They keep up on drinks and kept checking in on us and I definitely appreciate attentive service. 

This place was a fun experience, but definitely brings out the inner OCD where I am hoping for a bucket or a plastic bag even to appear so I can hide the shells from myself and keep the table clean. Hell, I even had shrimp brains all over my arms from myself and my table mates so dont wear your finery here!  I understand though why some esteemed yelpers like Teri C. are regulars as it is fresh and tasty, but since it's such a messy experience. With a need for a shower to remove the seafood garlic smell, I doubt I can do this too often. I say, what a good call for a UYE though. At this point if I can be dripping shrimp juice off my face and squirting my neighbor from the head cracking, then really whats there to be shamed of in front of the Yelp crew? 

 I will come back for shrimps again. I like crawfish time to time, but for the per pound price and naturally small body with a big heavy head it's not always worth the trouble. I can also only eat so much of the head buttery tamal/brains. I feel then the crawfish is slightly wasted since the head makes for half the animal and seems like half the reason to have them. I have a cousin who I know would love this place, so I know there will be a future trek.  I am curious about their fried softshell crab and maybe some oysters I can dip in HNJ sauce. 

I will bring a lot of wet wipes and a change of clothes for next time.
Attended an awesome UYE last night and had a blast getting messy with some of Yelp's finest. My family is from New Orleans so I grew up on crawfish and crab boils. My standards are pretty high for crawfish and this place delivered! 

They have so many flavors and spice levels to choose from ! We got the 2 lbs of crawfish with the Hot & Juicy Special flavor with no spice. I know that sounds lame, but trust me, the "no spice" is still plenty hot. The mild is more like a medium and medium = HOT. Be careful when you order here people! The waitress steered us to the "no spice" and I'm very thankful she did. They were perfect. 

We also got 1 lb of the snow crab. The snow crab were some of the best I've had in Las Vegas. Absolutely no comparison to the snow crab you get on the buffet lines ! 

Soo the biggest con about this place is its' hella EXPENSIVE! I honestly could throw down 4-5 lbs of crawfish in one sitting but at $9.99 a freaking lb I couldn't justify spending $50 on dinner when I could get a steak at the nicest steak restaurant in Vegas for that price. I guess I'm spoiled coming from TX and New Orleans where crawfish over $5 a lb is considered highway robbery!! My mom died when I told her I spent $9.99 on crawfish. I know we're in the desert so we have to pay a premium for everything, but geez... I wish I could say I'll be returning frequently, but with my appetite for crawfish I can only afford to eat here every once in awhile!!
First experience at HNJ last night as part of the UYE (unofficial Yelp event) and I had a good time. There were a good 18 or so of us there and everyone seemed to enjoy their food. The servers were very friendly and helpful. The place was packed but the food came out really quick once it was ordered. I had Blanche meet me there and neither of us were into the whole eating crawfish and messy thing so we took the easy way out and got some baskets.
I ordered the Fried Shrimp basket (10pieces) for around $10.00 and a side order of sweet potato fries for $4.50. Blanche ordered the Fried Catfish basket that comes with fries for $9 and change.
The fried shrimp was delicious. Cooked perfectly and nice size pieces of shrimp. However, at pretty much a dollar a shrimp I thought it was very overpriced.
The sweet potato fries I could eat every day. So good. A bit overpriced at nearly $5 for a medium size basket of fries but oh well.
Beer was $2.50 for domestics and $3 for imports. Not bad. Was a little disappointed to have them run out of Bud Light after the first one I ordered. I usually don't like switching beers once I start drinking one but I made an exception to try a Blue Moon.
Overall it was a cool place and everyone else seemed to be having fun "playing" with their food. Or maybe its "working" on their food because it seemed like it got difficult at times.
On a last note.. I do wish they would work on the temperature in their. I think it was cooler outside.
Yummy..yummy...YUMMY!  Found out about this place from Man Vs. Food and Adam did not disappoint!  Parking kinda sucks though... Not a big fan of the crawfish but ordered some anyway, and yep..still don't like them, the shrimp is great though. I guess we got lucky with time since there was no wait for tables. We got served promptly but got slow later on. Overall experience is good. Most likely visit again when I'm in town :)
Oh, the very moment I stepped into Hot N Juicy Crawfish I knew I'd love it.  I sat down, looked at my foodie friend and said, "I know I haven't eaten anything yet, but can we come back soon?" Lol.

The smell of the garlic fills the small restaurant, and the smiles upon everyone's face makes you want to smile along with them.  I go to lunch every Saturday at 2:00 pm, and most places are dead, but this place was packed, with movement and chatter...it really has an incredible vibe!

The service was great for how busy it was and the wait staff was all friendly, our waitress explained the menu to us and also answered our questions thoroughly ( I was REALLY hoping the pictures on the walls were because of some type of eating contest, but...it was just pictures of customers..drat)

We ordered 1 lb of crawfish, Hot N Juicy Special flavor, medium.  I didn't think it was TOO spicy, but I'm not sure If I'd go up a notch on spiciness, because I'm a wuss.  We also ordered the calamari and Cajun fries.

The crawfish were AMAZING. I've never had crawfish before, so I honestly can't compare it to others, but it was down-right delish in my book.  I got a kick out of my friend squirting himself in the face with crawfish juice, and wish I went with a group of friends, as most of the people there did. I would order the crawfish again in a heart beat! But I would get 1 lb to myself instead of sharing, because it was sooo nummy! Next time I'm probably going to try the King Crab legs, oooh yess.

The Calamari seemed really good at first, but the more I ate it the more salty it seemed to be...I probably wouldn't order them again because there are so many more appetizers to try! Next time I will probably try the fried catfish!

The cajun fries weren't my cup of tea, a little too spicy for poor little me.  My dear friend grubbed on them though, said he really liked em.

It was a lot of fun getting down and dirtay, and working for my food. And honestly, I would TOTALLY recommend eating here as a first date, whats a better way to get to know someone then being knee deep in delicious crawfish?
Date/Time:   Monday - 1:30pm
Occasion:    Lunch
Party of:   Two
Ordered:   One lb crawfish and one lb shrimp hotnjuicy style with medium spiciness, one lb shrimp spicy, and chicken wing basket with fries
Location:   Fun seafood style decor; nothing fancy; large space
Total incl gratuity:   $53

I love cajun style crawfish and was eager to try this place out while on my trip to Vegas.  It's off the strip near Chinatown.  We walked in and were greeted by very friendly staff members.  The food was great!  A lot less sauce than the crawfish places I've tried in the Bay Area.  If you like spicy foods, definitely go with spicy....medium is nothing!  The seafood is very fresh!  You can tell because it's easy to take the meat out.  I think their sauce is really good - you will literally find smashed garlic in the sauce, which makes is all the more yum-O!  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.  The service is great.  The waitress has very quick and very friendly.  She informed us that they'll be opening one up in SF pretty soon so I'll be looking forward to that.  One caveat - be prepared to have garlic cajun breath for many hours after you've eaten here.  No, it doesn't even go away after a handful of mints and mouthwash.  So worth it tho...
I like this place and agree with everyone else...

The crawfish was yum.  The seasoning was perfect with the perfect amount of spice.  Thank you for the gradual scale of spicyness.

Can I get some wet wipes or something though?

Service is kind of slow.  It was busy but you would think they would compensate with more than one or two servers on a Friday night.
I enjoy spicy foods, and this place meet my needs for spiciness. Eating Crawfish is messy but damn it's so good.
Saw this place many times when visiting Pho #1, but never plan to try it until I saw it on Man vs Food. Even though I had better Cajun style crawfish in Houston, this place is not bad. Compared with all the cajun style crawfish and shrimp place in Vegas, this place is actually awesome. For those who compared this place to other places in California, DON'T. THIS IS NOT CALIFORNIA. My buddies and I made quite regular visit to this place when we want a place to drink and munch on some good seafood.  Cold beer + spicy shrimp/crawfish = yum yum. One advice - the dungent crab is very expensive and doesn't absorb the sauce flavor good, so all you have is one expensive steamlike crab.
I, too, saw the segment on Man v. Food and was immediately intrigued.  A crawfish place in Nevada?  And it's supposed to be GOOD?  Hmmm..  Alright, you got me.  Let's go.

Touched down in Vegas at 5pm, checked into the hotel, and took a cab off the Strip to Hot and Juicy Crawfish.  It was a Monday night, and yet, the wait time for a table was 45 minutes!  Wow, really??  I was irritated, but at the same time, I was excited.  This must be really good if all these locals are lined up here waiting for crawfish!

After pacing back and forth and continually asking the waiters if our table was ready for about 45 minutes, we finally got seated.  Our table was buzzing with anticipation.  I ordered two pounds of the Garlic Butter ($10.99/ per lb.).  They have a lot of other seafood as well, but I came here for the crawfish!   And it was DELICIOUS!  They weren't as big as I've had them, but they were cooked perfectly and the seasoning was amazing.  

After we finished eating, I was a bit startled when I got the bill.  $10.99 per pound of crawfish??  Supermarkets in Dallas sell crawfish for less than $2 a pound!  I guess you have to factor in the cost of shipping fresh crawfish from Louisiana all the way to Las Vegas, Nevada - which apparently they do EVERY day.  

Is this the best crawfish I've ever had?  I'd say it's on par with the Boiling Crab, which is my favorite crawfish place in Dallas.  And it's only $4.99 a pound there!   However, if you're in Vegas, there's not a whole lot of alternatives.  If you love fresh crawfish, this is the place to go. 

Pros: fresh crawfish, garlic butter seasoning is delicious

Cons: $10.99 a pound!  Always busy, expect a long wait time
You can definitely smell that this place serves garlic, and lots of it.  I saw this place on the Travel channel and had to try it since I'm a fan of Boiling Crab in So. Cal.  The crawfish is good, but doesn't have a lot of meat, so instead I recommend that you opt for shrimp.  As for choice of sauce, I definitely recommend the Hot N' Juicy Special - almost as good as Boiling Crab.  The red potatoes and corn on the cob are good choices for add-ons and come right in the bag with the seafood smothered in sauce.  
You WILL use your hands to eat, and you WILL get dirty and possibly reek of garlic for the next few days.  So this place is a definite no for a 1st or even 2nd and 3rd date (or the day before any date).
As for price, the bill came out to around $60 for 2 people (shrimp, crab, sides and  2 ice cold beers).
I give this place 3.7 stars.
My very first time I went was with the same person I always eat out with if it isn't my boyfriend, so I might as well introduce you to my friend Mikhail.. not a yelper, yet! haha.. Anyway, it was both our first time & I have never tried crawfish before.

We ended up getting sharing the two bags [2lbs each?] of juicy cajun crawfish, the soft shell crab basket w cajun fries, and calamari. I felt like such a newbie trying to open the crawfish, I splashed myself a couple times, but that's what the bibs are for, right? The flavoring was great; we ordered medium & it was just enough for me. My nose was running a little & my eyes got watery, but I enjoyed it. I think next time I'll stick with crab legs cause I definitely have that down to a science ;) The cajun fries were straaight up cajun! I'd have to stop myself after a while because it would get a little spicy. Soft shell crab was good, just wanted marinara sauce from the calamari instead of the tartar that the soft shell came with :) The calamari was house made, but it wasn't anything fancy for me. There's only a few places where I can say that's GREAT calamari. 

The service was average, it was a Sunday & the Lakers were playing Orlando so we had to wait for a good 20 minutes for a table for two. I didn't realize that the restrooms were in two different spots, but our table was against the wall for the mens restroom & I was washing my hands before & after we ate. My bad fellerz!

The weird thing is that at the bottom of the receipt says you get a 3% discount if you pay cash.. I don't get it, do you have to present the check with the cash, then get a new receipt with the new balance? They already use enough disposable stuff & use styrofoam cups so I don't really think they're going green anyway. Blah, maybe I'm going crazy because I'm yelping & it's already 6am!! Random.. and awkward receipt though. I will be back Hot N Juicy! The simplicity of the menu & your system is definitely working, so much props. I'll probably come back on a weekday because that day was madness~
Im a big fan and always spoke above and beyond about the awesome food that they serve here.  I usually come to eat about 3x a month and never had an issue with the service until last nights horrible experience with the servers/workers.  

So several of my friends and I decided to hit up the place after a pool concert for a quick fix of Hot N Juicy shrimp.  We walk in 5 minutes before they close and was promptly greated by our server who ended up later giving us a really bad attitude.  But before I get ahead of myself, she initially tells us that we have 2 minutes to put in our order.  Because we come there very often we knew what we wanted and did not hesitate to waste time and gave her our order.  We ordered 4lbs of shrimp, Louisiana Style, plain with extra spicy Hot N Juicy Sauce on the side along with some lemons and salt and pepper.  The same way we order it every time.  We had also ordered  1/2 a dozen of chicken wings.  
 
Not more than five minutes later we get our order, but not how we had ordered specifically.  The extra spicy hot and juicy sauce had come all mixed in with the 4lbs of shrimp that we ordered making it very spicy, painful to the mouth, and unenjoyable.  But because we walked in prior to closing, we did not want to hassle the kitchen and waiter to remake our food.  Instead we asked our waiter  for some extra hot butter to help balance out the spiciness in our food. Our waiter stated that the kitchen was closed and that there was nothing that she could do.  So I had asked politely to speak to a manager.  But our waiter told me that there was no manager available.  We then asked her if there anything that she can do to make our food less spicy and more enjoyable but she still persisted that there was nothing that she could do and that the kitchen was closed.  Regretfully, I was upset and had belittled her in front of my friends using inappropriate language.    

After getting no response or help from our waiter, we began to remove ourselves from the table and left the mostly untouched food on the table and headed towards the door.  We had barely eaten any food because of how spicy it was.  We were then greeted and cussed out by a  who claimed to be a manager.  He threatened that he would remember us and told us to "fuck off".  And I'm sorry to say that he received the same treatment back.  Shortly after another guy who also claimed to be the manager tried to listen to the situation and made us believe that he had understood what went wrong.  He stated that he would have this issue taken care of with another manager the following day and we gave him our contact information for them to contact us.  He shortly after sent us on our way.  

Since we were still oh so hungry we went across the street to eat some Pho.  Five minutes into eating, Las Vegas Metro Police walks in stating that the Hot N Juicy staff claimed that we dined in and ran off with our tab unpaid. We ended up being forced to pay for food we didn't order and eat.  

What a way to lose business Hot N Juicy.  Im still working to write a letter to the owner of this place.  What sucks is that I really really love the food and would love to go back to eat there.  It just sucks!  If our waiter knew the kitchen couldn't fully accomodate our needs she should have never sat us down to eat.
Excellent food and friendly atmosphere. Had crawfish and shrimp. Delicious!!!!! The fries added the final touch to the meal. A must place to go when we visit Las Vegas.
Sadly, food is good, but SERVICE IS HORRIBLE! Definitely has gone DOWNHILL since new employment! Mario needs to be FIRED!
Cajun seafood at its best.  I recommend the snow crab legs and shrimp ($10/lb).  The crawfish ($11/lb) was tasty, but it's so much work to get to the small pieces of meat. We ordered everything in medium, but even that was pretty spicy!  I can't imagine what extra spicy tastes like.  Your bowels would probably be in butt-clenching agony.
Love it...this time we skipped the crawfish (too much work) and opted for 2pounds of shrimp. Wished we had gotten one pound of shrimp and one pound of crab legs like the people seated next to us..oh well, still awesome.  We got it medium spice and Hot N'Juicy special- got the extra sauce to put on rice...OH HELL YEAH...the sauce on the rice alone was DELISH!
We also got soft shell crab and chicken wings..everything was very GREAT...stuffed ourselves silly that's for sure..
Ummm...Lainie B. or Larnia B. needs to take this rating as constructive criticism and do something about it, instead of calling me names and posting it on Yelp. If you can't handle the criticism, hunny, learn to give good service. I guess Man vs. Food did a good job featuring the crawfish, but not the employees!
Due to the hot n juicy staff's deficiency in basic customer service, neither I nor my associates in Vegas will be returning. It's owner should really re-evaluate his/her front of house team to avoid losing any more business than it alrdy has.  The level of etiquette they lack is profound.  Should they continue on the same path, their business levels will ultimately diminish.  Good luck.
Just found out one of the employees there that night seeked retaliation by messaging my friend calling her a stupid b*****. Really impressive! Good thing the iphone has such a thing called screen shot. Not really smart of you to have your name huh... I could possibly post it as a picture here or maybe send it over to Tim. hmmmm
I have been to this place twice and ordered 2lbs of crawfish each time. I usually get the hot n juicy special which is a mixture of all the other flavors. I like spicy foods so of course I had to get it spicy. Overall not bad, I've had better for a cheaper price but in Vegas you can't go wrong with Hot N Juicy for your crawfish fix. Did not try anything else other than the cajon fries which were pretty good also...

I believe the price is about $10/lb of crawfish, you have to order at least two lbs in order to get the corn and potato which I found odd because I have been to places that gives you corn and sausages with your order. Anyhow you have to give this place a try, just don't go here for dinner if you have plans on going out because you will smell like HOT n Juicy Crawfish when you leave haha.

Enjoy
OMG.....shrimp with Hot and Juicy Special sauce on extra spicy level. 
I'm hooked now. 
And I'm thinking about this all the time now. at the gym, home and work... 
I work on the strip hotel and drove by this place every day on my way to work. 
But I'd never thought I would eat  here. Looking from outside... is not so fancy. 
I was totally wrong 
The best seafood ever. My husband is a executive chef and he is always sooooooo critical about every food we order. 
Even he is hooked. 
Highly recommending.
I have been to Hot n Juicy a couple times now. Each time being a wonderful experience!

First time, got 1lb crawfish, 1lb shrimp and 1lb snow crab to share amongst my boyfriend and I. Ended up taking 1/2 the bag of shrimp home. 

I love the seasoning! Its so tasty and spicy! Very thick and messy! I love that they provide a bib (very much needed!)

Surprisingly, I didn't care too much for crawfish. I feel like it was so much work just for a little piece of tail. The shrimp on the other hand, much more meatier and I guess I like the taste of the heads on shrimp than I did with the crawfish. The crab was da bomb as well! 

Second time around, only ended up getting shrimp and snow crab again! We got the seasoning where you mix everything together! sooooo good! 

You pay extra for corn, red potatoes and sausage. I usually add a couple corns and potatoes to the bag.

IF it is busy, you will have to wait awhile. You can occupy youself by looking at the wall of poloroid pictures. Trust me, even though its torture waiting to be seated and seeing all this delicious smelling food coming out, ITS WELL WORTH IT!
i wasn't expecting such a large crowd at 8 pm on a Monday but we got a table (a big booth for just the two of us) so FIRST thing you do is call ahead and see how the wait is. nobody likes to wait having to smell the delicious garlicky joy of this place while hungry. nobody. 
 
ordered some oysters for an appetizer, they were so good we put in for another order. beer is cold and cheap. 

now to the juicy part. three kinds of Crawfish were ordered. the hot and juicy special extra spicy, juicy Cajun and a garlic one. the hot and juicy special extra spicy is only for those that love hot foods. i do, so i was happy. to be honest start with the least hot and work your way up because after eating the extra spicy and drinking the beer i couldn't really tell the difference between the juicy and the garlic. my hands smelled like garlic for days after, wear the lobster bib, don't eat on a first date unless you have a great sense of humor, the service is excellent. the only and i mean ONLY downside is we never received any sides we ordered, i would eat here once a week if i lived closer.
Since the last post, Lainie B./Larnia B./Zen O./whatever her name is has closed her account. So much for that. I hope everyone has been able to go HOT & JUICY to experience the food and I hope the service was better served with you than with my group of friends. 

I've been in the hospitality industry for over 5 years now, and regardless if it's the F&B industry or the hotel industry, the service you give to your customers is KEY to the success of the business. But here's what I don't get...why "ruin" the food but make it extremely SPICY to a point no one can eat the food just because you just want them to get out of your restaurant? If that's the case, why not tell the customer that the kitchen is closing and you have already seated the last table instead of telling them they have 2 minutes to order! As memory should have serve you RIGHT, the group of people you just TRIED to push away have been loyal customers of HOT & JUICY since DAY 1; so of course it'll take less than 2 minutes to order! 

I am definitely still raving about this because I still cannot believe how rude people can be. Sadly, I miss the food. But I shall stand my ground until Lainie B. and Mario can apologize publicly for treating customers the way they did. As an employee of an establishment, regardless of your level of management in the restraunt, you DO NOT SWEAR at your customers! 

I hope no one else gets the service my friends experienced.
3.5
was in vegas for the weekend, and a friend of mine came here before, and i wanted to try it...then i found out man vs. food was here to have the crawfish as well...so i was super excited!
we came here around 6:30 on a sunday night...and the wait was about 30 minutes...ok not bad, well just have a couple beers while we wait....
then the girl come up to us as says...theyre all out of crawfish. 
WHAT?!?!? this place says hot and juicy CRAWFISH in the name...hwo can you run out??? -1
ok...so we were debating whether or not to stay, but we did make the trip off the strip to come here (yes..we came a long way..haha) so we decided to stay.
we ordered 2lbs of shrimp, and one dungeoness crab, fries, corn, susage....all hot and juicy special, spicy. i also wanted etouffee, but they ran out of that as well! UGH. so we settled for bowl of rice -_-

well when the food came, it was prety good and spicy. well let me tell you, normall yi would have gotten 2lbs of crawfish and 1lb of shrimp, and that would have been enough for 2 people, but since there were no crawfish, we ordered 2lbs of shrimp and one crab...
2lbs of shrimp..is TOO much for 2 people. 1lb would have been sufficient. 
anyways, the foods was pretty tasty, but i cant help but compare it to boiling crab in california...which i love..and i think it tastes better...and they dont ever run out of crawfish... -.5 

so...yea....thats about it.
I had been driving by this place all week long and noticed crowds of people waiting here in the evenings so I figured I give this place a try. 

I lucked out for a Thursday evening I only waited only around ten minutes to be seated. 

I ordered one pound of Hot and spicy Crawfish, one pound of the garlic butter shrimp, and a side of corn on the cob. 

The seafood was so tasty fresh and juicy, I ordered mild and it had just the right kick to get you all hot and flustered. The Crawfish were decent sized with a great tasting sauce and the large sized shrimp with heads were awesome tasting. The side of corn was really yummy cus they put garlic butter sauce on - and it's was sweet and delicious. 

The restaurant is really casual and I noticed they do a great take out business also. I would really recommend this place especially if your into eating with your hands and getting dirty with your food.
This place is awesome!!!!!  
Oysters are so delicious and sweet.   The best and cheapest in the las vegas valley.  

crawfish were delicious, but don't order it too hot as the spice overwhelms the delicate crawfish meat.  Mild still gives a good kick.  

The shrimp are cooked with the heads which makes the plump shrimp meat so delicious and moist.  

A helpful tip is to get there before 5:30pm on friday and saturday, otherwise you will be waiting for a while to get seated.
Yay! I finally got to have the hot-n-juicy experience.  It took years and family visiting from out of town to go.  I could never get the place to appeal to the hubby.  He was never thrilled with the idea of eating from a bag and leaving the shells on the table.  He's not big into making a mess, but me on the other hand...the dirty just makes it taste better, right?!

So I went with my mom, cousin, and his wife.  I was excited because I've heard so much about this place and the yelpers can't help but to rave.  Between us all we ordered the 2 pounds of shrimp, 2 pounds of snow crab legs (both hot n juicy special, mild), 2 orders of calamari, a basket of chicken, and an order of fries.  

I zeroed in on the seafood, I didn't take all this time to get here to eat chicken!!  My mom freaked out a bit about shrimp with heads and made me pull them off for her (this is why no crawfish...no sucking heads for us that day!)  But she did eventually get over it and was able to take of the heads herself without being grossed out.  Everything tasted really good, just a bit of a kick that didn't overwhelm (enough of a kick for me, I'm a pussy when it comes to spicy).  I don't even remember how many paper towels I personally went through but I'm glad there was an unlimited number of them.

I think the family enjoyed the experience, but when my mom discovered they had plastic gloves after our meal she was disappointed her hands smelt like garlic and seafood.  I just asked the waitress for some lemons for our hands then went and washed them in the bathroom...good as new.  But my dog has that super sonic smell going on and couldn't get over how yummy my hands were!

I'm quite the happy fat-n-preggers girl after this experience.  Baby was definitely happy with all the yummy goodness I fed her.  Now that I know they have some pansy plastic gloves for the hubby I think I've got a better chance to get him to come with me for a return trip.  He's also a sucker for anywhere that serves sweet potato fries. :o)
Man Vs. Food

Turnover is not that bad and I think its because its VEGAS.  People would just want to eat and hurry on out of there so that they can begin their night.

I felt like a dare devil and got the hot and juicy flavor-SPICY!
Trust me- I can handle spicy food and from my past experience at Boiling Crab and other places, I thought I can handle it.  I pretty much did and went through the bag with about 5 shrimps left.

Remember to clean yourself before hitting the strip.  Brush your teeth too!  You don't want to smell like seafood while you're out there =)
Adam Richman, I fucking owe you one.

While staying at the Palms, we realized how close we were to Chinatown (who freakin knew there was a Chinatown in Vegas??) and remembered that episode of Man VS Food. We always talked about wanting to try one of the places he went to. We were there...fuck it; why not?

Oh. My. Fucking. God.

Any restaurant that gives you a bib, has a garbage bag table cloth, and a huge roll of paper towels on the table ready for you definitely has a lot to live up to. We order 6 lbs of crawfish. Served literally hot and juicy looking in a bucket. You can see tons of garlic and sauces and even a potato and corn cob piece inside. We didn't even hesitate; we ripped opened the bags and started tearing some fucking heads off. 

That was probably the most amazing thing I have ever tasted. 

It was so flavorful and juicy and the spices kicked your ass a little, but you kept on eating anyway. Downing Sapporo's and water like there was no tomorrow. Not giving a flying fuck about heartburn or any other internal problems you'd potentially endure later. 

It turned into one of our fondest Vegas memories.

That was 4 months ago and it's a FREQUENT topic amongst my friend and I to this day. We often turn to one another and say we'd give ANYTHING just to have that. We would drive that 11 hour drive all over again just to eat that. We didn't exaclty LOVE Vegas. At times, we absolutely hated it.

I hope I don't talk this up too much, but you must try it. You have to really dig in there and eat with your hands. Crawfish. Not shrimp or something you eat with a fork (although I bet it's delicious!). Pick that shit up with your hands and fucking enjoy going against any table manners your parents taught you. 

Fuck you if you don't stop by before you leave Vegas.
I've had this place bookmarked forever and I finally got to go.  I don't regret it.  I've found a yummy crawfish place in Vegas.  I ordered a pound of the crawfish, with the Hot N Juicy special sauce, mild.  Threw in a potato and some corn on the cob.  Even the mild had a good kick to it.  My lips tingled for an hour after I was done eating.  Sweet potato fries were good too.  Their crawfish were humungous when I was there.  About 3 inches in length, compared to the 1.5 inch ones I get at the Boiling Crab in So Cal.  The only thing I wish is that the sauce had chunks of garlic in it.  That's what I love.  On a bad note, my husband said their wings totally sucked.  I didn't try them but they did look really small.  HNJ is a couple bucks more expensive than Boiling Crab in Ca.  Parking sucks.  There was a 20 minute wait for four people on a Monday night.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Restaurant is clean and comfortable.  Overall, I'm a fan and would go back.
I am a Louisiana girl, I almost crashed my car when I saw a place called HOT N JUICY CRAWFISH! I had to go and I am glad I did.

When I arrived, there was no wait, my girlfriend and I were promptly seated. We ordered 2lbs of crawfish and a pound of shrimp, we added corn and potatoes to our mix (which are 50 cents a piece to add on). They have several different flavor profiles. We went with the Hot N Juicy Seasoning. It was heaven. It was spicy, savory, and garlicy.

In Louisiana when we have Crawdad boils, we throw down newspaper, here the tables were covered in plastic and they gave us bibs (which I need whenever I eat). 

They will show you how to eat mudbugs if you have never had them, but I am a pro. They serve up large drinks in Styrofoam (which is so 1995), but they keep them filled.The seating isn't the most comfortable and the smell of place is in the air from like a mile away. After eating here, be sure to shower. You will smell like the fruit of the sea and garlic for like 2 days. It is totally worth it!

I don't know if their prices are fixed, but 1 lb of Crawfish was $9.99, not bad at all.
One of my girl friends convinced me to go here and I was sold once I found out that it was the same place I saw on Man V. Food.  This place is in such an unsuspecting area and the parking lot a  little tiny.  But once you open the door the sweet smell of butter and garlic fill the room.  There was a little wait which I was surprised about bc places like this in LA have an hour wait minimum!! 

The food was good!! My bf and I got the Hot N Juicy Special, Spicy on shrimp.  I'd get the crawfish but I was too tired to put in the effort for such a small amount of meat.  We also ordered the deep fried soft shell crabs with corn & cajun fries.  LOVE LOVE LOVED the soft shell crabs!! They were soo tasty and so crabby!  I just wish they had more in that basket!  I believe it only came with like 8 or something like that but I could have definitely went for another basket if I wasn't concerned with spending too much $$$ there.  The shrimp was awesome but almost TOO spicy!! I love heart in my food but this made my lips burn so I prob could have went medium on them.  But the shrimp were decently sized and cooked perfectly.  I hate when shrimp are overcooked but HNJ did not disappoint in that aspect.

Great place to go if you are craving some seafood southern style!  Be prepared to get down a dirty because eating with your hands is a MUST!!! Get those napkins ready..you'll be needing them =]
we had a pretty good experience here.  Lotsa food.... about 1 lb of shrimp is enough for a person if that's all your eating.  The medium spiciness got pretty spicy by the end of the bag.  If you're ever out in California, Boiling Crab's Whole Shebang sauce is 10x better and they give a lot more sauce in the bag.
Ill try to write about this place as short as i can..  I got there and was actually taking the food to go.  I ordered 3 pounds of crawfish hot and juicy style mild medium and spicy as well as 2 pounds of shrimp garlic butter seasoning.  All i can say is everything had a good kick of a flavor.  The restaurant aroma was lingering in the air as soon i stepped inside.  All the garlic burned my eyes with passion :).. Okay so we got the food home as soon as possible to try and taste it.  So i tore open the bags and noticed that there were about 4-5 large crawfish  and rest were pretty petite.  By the way there were 3 of us and we finished the shrimp as well as two bags of the crawfish.  The  taste was great as i expected.  I would definitely return for more when i am in town.
Yummmmm crawfish!
I've been to Boiling Crab a lot & I had high expectations for Hot N Juicy.
Mos def lived up to the hype.

Came here about 40 minutes before closing on a Thursday with the boyfriend. We were seated right away =) This place is only about 7 minutes away from the strip.
 
The menu looks just like BC. However, the pricing is mostly Market Price, so no set price like BC. I did notice that they don't offer lobster, clams, and crab (i think).

We ordered 1 lb of shrimp &  2 lb of crawfish w/ half a dozen sausage & corn in their house special sauce in mild. We also ordered cajun fries.

Everything was delicious!! The sauce tasted similar to BC, but not as salty and buttery. Mild was a bit too spicy for me though, boyfriend said it wasn't spicy for him. The crawfish is about 2 times bigger than BC!! Yummmy!! More meat =) You can tell the crawfish is fresh too =) shrimp tasted like BC, but boyfriend said he didn't enjoy it as much.

Everything came out to about $50.  I was satisfied, I would come back for the crawfish.
Ever since I saw this place on Man v. Food (one of my favorite food-related t.v. shows), I was determined to try this place during my next Vegas trip.  Alas the time had come and I dragged my friends to this place before our long drive back home to SoCal.  There are four different sauces you can choose from: Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, and Hot n Juicy Special. We got two pounds of shrimp, two pounds of crawfish and a pound of snow crab.  They were covered in Garlic Butter and the Hot n Juicy Special.  We also got cajun fries and sausage.  Everything was so full of flavor.  All the seafood came in plastic bags to seal in the steam and flavor.  The crawfish were a bit hard to eat, but it was still quite delicious.  However, the only bad thing is that you will not get the smell out of your fingers for a couple days..no matter how much you wash your hands...and use hand sanitizer, but that's the price you have to pay for some delicious cajun seafood. :) I would definitely go back during my next Vegas trip.
After seeing this restaurant featured on the Man vs. Food show, we headed over to try it out.  We ordered the shrimp and crab in their mild garlic butter sauce with corn and potatoes.  It was fresh and delicious with a spicy edge (even for mild).  Be prepared to dig in and get dirty.  I highly recommend using the "stylish" plastic apron they provide.  We oozed garlic from our pores for about two days!
It aint California's Boiling Crab but, it'll suffice.

I was hoping that it's spices or sauce would remind me of the shrimp trucks back home (like Boiling Crab's did) but, it was so-so. Maybe I'm just being to picky and expecting too much...? But, I wasn't blown away like I expected or hoped to be. Alas, I would mos def go back cause it's as close to Hawaii skrimp trucks as I can get right now =)

I'll tell ya this tho, when they say "medium" in spicy level...HOOOO, that bugga was HOT!!!!! I was glad I didn't request "spicy." My bff loves spicy and she was SWEATING BULLETS eating her meal. I'm all for spicy but, I wanna taste my food...ya diiiiig!!?!
We ate here for dinner tonight and yes, I am officially a fan!  We always drive by this place and the parking lot is always packed.  I've also been hearing about it a lot.  It was also featured on man vs. food.  Didn't need any more reasons to stop by here.  So we decided on dinner here tonight.  We got here at 9 on a tuesday night, mind you, and the parking lot was packed as usual.  We were lucky enough to get a parking spot and unfortunately there was a 30 min. wait for the 4 of us.  I don't mind waiting for food as long as it's good food!  
We actually ran across the street to the crown and anchor to grab a beer while we waited.  The bartender there told us that that was pretty common.   
So we get seated 30 min later and we're ready!  We started with 2 lbs of crawfish, 2 lbs of shrimp, 2 lbs of king crab legs all wth the hot n juicy marinade, spicy.  We also ordered fried shrimp sweet potato fries, corn and potatoes and a round of beers.   The tables are lined with a garbage bag and there is a roll of paper towels for each table.  No silverware.  The food started coming out really fast, within 5 minutes of ordering.  They are deiivered in plastic bags.  Oh man, the crawfish was delicious! Hot and juicy of course and the seasoning was so spicy and addictive.  My mouth was on fire inside and out!  But i couldnt stop!  Everything was really good.  Spicy, buttery and garlicy....Yum!  We ended up ordering 2 more lbs of crawfish, 1 more lb of crab legs and some more corn.  oh man, the corn was to die for.  Sweet, but so spicy. 
 A very messy meal and you kinda have to work for your food but it was definitely worth it!  The prices were reasonable as well.  I will definitely go back here.
hot n juicy seasoning crawfish.. it was crawfish heaven. different from the boils.. it was very flavourful and yum! i'd go back the next time i'm in vegas.
A review of this place by me is extremely overdue.  Honestly, I feared sharing this little desert jewel with everyone and they mama...but I guess when something's that good, word spreads like an LA wildfire.

Background: I'm from CA.  I've never been to Lousiana but I have been to Crawdaddy's (SJ, CA), Boiling Crab (SJ, CA) and Hot n Juicy.  My first experience eating cajun seafood was at Hot n Juicy about 4 years ago.  Ever since then, I became an instant fan.  I've located cajun seafood restaurants closer to my place of residence, hence Crawdaddy's and Boiling Crab.  Anyhow, by far, Hot n Juicy blows the other two out the water, HANDS DOWN!!  I just went to Hot n Juicy over the July 15th weekend and the ish was BOMB DIGGITY!!!  Their crawfish was huge.  Usually I think you get about 13-15 critters per lb, this time the crawfish were so big, we got about 8-9 per lb. But so worth it, I mean they were so big, I even ate the critters' claws...OMG! - tell me the last time you had a crawfish so big, you could eat their claws?

** As some of you may be aware, I'm allergic to shell fish but DAMN, I make sure to bring my benadryl so I can grub out without having to break out in itchy hives.  That's how good Hot n Juicy is.  

BTW, if you didn't know:  They have now added King Crab legs...man, I might die from OD'ing on shellfish that I know I really shouldn't be indulging in...GLUTTONY

For those of you looking to compare:  It has been a toss up between Boiling Crab in SJ, CA and Hot n Juicy.  After I got back from Las Vegas, I went to Boiling Crab to make sure I ate at both places within a short time span so as to keep flavors and experience fresh in my mind....well (drum roll please.....HOT n JUICY TAKES THE CAKE).  Hot n Juicy has at a minimum 2 more secret ingredients that BC doesn't have.  The intense spicy flavors are there at HnJ (Hot n Juicy special) without the thick oilyness that BC has in their Whole Shabang.
FINALLY! I popped my Hot N Juicy cherry! 

Found this place on Yelp, and ready many many a review. I decided this was the perfect place to take my southern husband for a surprise birthday dinner, and it turned out to be a BIG HIT! 

I took Yelper advice and we arrived early on Friday night at about 6:15 pm and we were seated right away. This place is pretty no-frills with the table settings, decor and furnishings, but after eating our meal I now see why! 

We took MORE Yelper advice started with 1 lb of shrimp and 1 lb of Crawfish with only the Hot N Juicy seasoning, nothing extra, a side order of sweet potato fries and a couple of frosty adult beverages. The food came out fairly quickly in plastic bags (Like I said, no frills!). Bib in place, we dug in and were very impressed with the flavor, freshness, and the fact that the seafood was cooked to perfection. Not overdone! After round one, we decided on more frosty beverages and another pound of shrimp and 1 lb of snow crab. The snow crab was awesome (except my small injury due to my own stupidity and the fact I was talking instead of paying attention to my crab cracking. BTW Hot N Juicy sauce in an open wound is no bueno)! 

Our total bill came to about $70 before tip which I felt was fair for the amount of food we ate and the quality of the seafood. It was about the same price we would have paid for beers and AYCE Sushi at our fave place, and I was equally happy and full and buzzed :)- 

Advice:
*Arrive early to avoid a wait (we were there at around 6 and were seated immediately, when we left the wait was about 45 minutes),
*Wear the bib, don't come dressed to the nine's
*Come hungry
*Leave your small kids at home because your hands and forearms will be covered with "juice" and I can't imagine trying to eat and care for an antsy little one

Will we be back? You bet! And next time with a crowd of friends who we know will LOVE this place!
Since my last update, I have gotten a response from the owner of this place.  However, since I haven't logged on in a while I responded a month late.  Im awaiting a call and im glad to see that management is putting an effort to work on this issue.
FOOD is GREAT!!! THAT'S IT....STAFF at this place needs to be more attentive and friendly...I'm glad they have take out...
if you are ever in the Las Vegas area, i would recommend you trying this place out if you are craving some crawfish or crabs. This is the place that the man vs food guy visited when he was in vegas for a food challenge. this place is sooo much better than boiling crab. the crawfish is awesome here. it can get a little spicy. the good thing is, your hands won't smell like garlic for a week.
Excuse me mam?  Did you say an hour wait?  (Thinking) "WTF, are you serious.  This S%$T better be good"

I gave this place a try 3 times already, and each time was horrible.  I really cant believe this place is highly rated.  I mean the best part was paying for the bill and leaving.  Service sucked, Food wasn't fresh, Shrimped looked like the shrimp from walmart (Frozen little kind), and having lived down south in Biloxi, MS the seasoning was whack!  It seemed like they just put more seasoning in the bag to hide the fact that the shrimp or crawfish taste like rubber.

Why do so many people flock to the so-called "hole in the wall".  I'll tell you why, its because they paid to be on TV.  

"Well they wouldn't be on TV if they weren't good" 

Listen up.....the Detroit Lions are on TV every football season.  That still doesn't mean they're good.  LOL  (I can say that I was born there)

Go down the road to Cajun Crawfish, there's no wait, service is not as slow, and the seasoning is more authentic (in my opinion).

If I have offended anyone with this post, go eat there and you'll understand.  If you like it.....more power to you.
Went here right after they opened for the day on a Saturday so the place was relatively empty. We must have been there for close to an hour and a half, and by the time we left the place had filled up. The service was top notch throughout our entire meal. Multiple servers asking if we needed anything, constantly offering assistance, and refilling our drinks. Our waitress was as friendly as they come and really helped us through the ordering process. 

Now the food. We ordered all our seafood with the hot n juicy seasoning: 1 lb. crawfish (medium heat), 1 lb. shrimp (medium heat) and 1 lb. snow crab legs (spicy).  I could handle the medium level fine, but the spicy level got the nose running and the pores sweating. It added to the experience. 

They will demonstrate how to properly eat a crawfish, and after an attempt or two, you will have it down no problem. Make sure to suck the juice out of the head, that is where the flavor really accumulates. What is great about this meal is the seafood comes out very fast and it's nice and hot, but it will take you a while to make your way through it all with all the peeling and cracking and talking about how great everything tastes. 

The snow crab legs were amazing and we immediately ordered  pound of king crab legs when we had finished those off. The shrimp was tasty.  I even decided to bite off a few heads and they were nice a crunchy. 

Although the place is named after the crawfish, and those do have an unique flavor, I would almost stick exclusively to the crabs next time. So tasty. Unfortunately due to the oil spill they were only offering the snow and king crab legs. Normally whole crabs from the gulf region are available too.

It's a great dining experience. Fun and very tasty. Your knuckles will burn with spices and smell of garlic  for a few hours after, but that will serve as a reminder of money well spent in Vegas.
For the longest time I grappled with  leaving a review or to not.  After hearing so many great things about Hot N Juicy from friends, family and chef's I was really looking forward to this place!!  I knew what it was all about before I got there.  Rolling up yer sleeves and gettin down n' dirty with pound bags of some critters of the sea......  We heeded the warnings of early yelpers and went at an off time so we didn't have to wait an hour.  We ordered crawdads, crab and shrimp.  I had never had crawfish to eat before but I had caught these lil buckaroos as a kid when my ADD would leave me catching critters in the lakes I was fishing in INSTEAD of watching my fishing pole. I was not a fan of my first crawfish experience but I don't hold that against Hot N Juicy , probably just wasn't for me.  The shrimp were average and the king crab legs were good.  The hardest thing for me reviewing Hot N Juicy was it might just not be for me.  The concept is cool but after my experience I don't want my seafood to be masked with a flavor of garlic and chile for lbs on end.  I want to taste the natural sweetness, or flavor of freshly squeezed lemon juice and allow the protein to be in the spotlight it deserves.  My two star rating isn't for the cuisine here though.  I realize it just wasn't for me.  I was more disappointed and left unsure of the cleanliness of the dining room.  I am not a neat-freak.... I knew going into this that it was dirty.  I was not expecting the table fun to extend to the walls of the restaurant though.  We were seated in a booth in the back of the restaurant that during the time of our dining had direct sunlight on the wall.  That entire wall was the spotlight of 100 different greasy, juicy paw prints that made it look like kids finger painting with crisco.  It actually pains me to leave a negative review of a restaurant that gets so many rave reviews from fellow yelpers.  Cleanliness needs to be improved dramatically.  Hot N Juicy needs to get Hot and Soapy......
Wow, these places are everywhere! It's funny too because it's like Asian Cajun! I assume only in California and it's closest neighbor Vegas have places like this.

I actually really like this place. The spices they use in their signature Hot-N-Juicy is off the hook, much better than Crawdaddy (in San Jose) and right up there if not better than Boiling Crab (in San Jose). We ordered the King Crab Legs in butter and garlic and Hot-N-Juicy in mild and medium as we were all wimps, Shrimp in Hot-N-Juicy in medium also, Cajun Fries, Sweet Potato Fries and Corn on the Cob and Potatoes! I love that they serve the corn on the cob and potato in the bag with the juices, the other places mentioned above don't and they don't have potatoes either. They also have blue crab here which the ones in San Jose don't have. Can't wait to go here again!

The service wasn't the best, they forgot the fries and I had to keep asking for water. But all in all this is a good off the strip joint for those staying in town for the weekend. Get there early because I hear there is usually a wait, sounds like all the other places too!
Well I had high expectations being that I'd heard about this place on Man vs. Food and was already a big fan of The Boiling Crab.  The biggest disappointment about my visit to Hot N Juicy was the service.  There were plenty of empty tables around 1pm but we stood at the door for quite a while before we were seated. Then after we were seated, we waited quite a bit longer before we placed our order.  The food came out slowly and so did the check.  In addition, the food was OK but I definitely prefer Boiling Crab and I'm glad that's the one near me!  I gotta say I was let down a bit by this place. The crawfish didn't have that sweet taste that I'm used to at BC and the rice was crispy and undercooked. Maybe it was an off day but I think I'll try some other places next time I've in Sin City.
Yeah, this place is good.  In comparison to Claws and Boiling Crab in the OC, I like this place too.  The people I went with don't eat very spicy food, so the waiter dude recommended mild heat which was still good.  We had crawdads, shrimp, and clams, and crab legs.  Decent service, eye-candy patrons, TV's and beers on tap.  I will come back!  That ish is VEGAS, son! 

BTW, to all you whiners that complain about waiting an hour to eat, TOO BAD! We got lucky and seated 7 right away by calling ahead and checking first before making the effort to go there.
I am sorry i have to say good bye to my crawfish eating ways. i can no longer eat these little creatures because of the toll that it taking on my health. I will miss drinking/ slurping the sauce like a water on a super hot day. i love this place because they serve rice. im asian and you know i love the rice. please tell me how six girls can consume 12lbs of crawfish. i still dont know. goodbye crawfish i will definitely miss you.
Whats more fun than eating some hot n juicy crawfish?!  For those messy eaters this is your heaven.  Add some juicy crawfish into their Hot n Juicy seasoning in spicy level and Cajun medium level and BAM you have a party in your mouth, and hands, and mouth and all over.  Yum.  I'd come back here next time I'm in Vegas and maybe I'll try to the other seafood goodness..  

Service is so-so but who cares if the food comes fast!
If you love seafood, you definitely need to come here. Fairly messy so prolly no first dates =p. It is kind of spicy even with the garlic and butter mild. I don't usually like anything spicy, but thus was definitely worth burning my mouth
This restaurant looks like it's nothing special from the building but when you get inside it's pretty clean.  The wait wasn't too long when I went there for four people and they sat us right away.  The sauce that comes with the seafood was not too bad.  It was not as thick as the sauce from another Cajun joint in California, Boiling Crab.  It depends on how you like your sauce, I guess.

1 star for being away from all the touristy spots and near all the Asian stores!
1 star for free water
1 star just for being featured on the Food channel

-1 star for forgetting my rice
-1 star for taking 20 minutes longer after I already addressed the waiter that I didn't get my rice

*tip* If you get dropped off by a cab you need to call one to get picked up because taxis do not come by this area of Vegas.
To be honest, I am a graduate of the Boiling Crab and amongst all the oc crawfish places, BC still reigns supreme!  But there is something to be said of the lemon pepper sauce here. Since this is my only las vegas experience I'm giving it a 4. With BC being a 5!  Come before 6 to avoid the lines!
This place was just like boiling crab...and we must have gone at a good time because we didn't have to wait for a table.  

I had raw oysters for the first time and they were really good!  Other than that, I had the usual pound of shrimp and sweet potato fries.  MMMM, so good but we smelled like GARLIC for 24 hours!!!
I go to Vegas FOR this place's crawfish.

I'm a huge fan of Cajun style seafood and they do it very well here. I haven't experienced a significant difference in the different spiciness levels. Also, definitely choose at least mild. My rating is basically for the taste of the Crawfish. It's exactly the way I like it. The only problem is it's in vegas and you usually do other things there like sit through a 2-3 hour show or go to an area with a lot of other people who will smell the garlicy cajun sauce all over your breathe and fingers.

The service as I remember has been fine every time (twice with a year a separation between). I have only ordered the crawfish although my friends said the shrimp was great too. It's a messy experience so don't wear clothes you mind getting dirty.

I have nothing but good memories. I always eat too much and border on destroying my stomach but i mean... look at what you're eating. There has to be some enormous bag of cayenne pepper somewhere in the kitchen. I never regret it though and I even wake up the next day wanting to do it again. There is however a lot of garlic involved so ... think about what you're doing that evening.

I suggest doing it the night before you leave (sleep it off and clear your system before you fly ... DO THIS...) and maybe before the part of the vacation you don't have anything special planned.
Incredible. Sauce was legit, and for those who like spicy, WOW. Crab was overpriced vs. other local places and service was mediocre. But the food, yummy.
We came here after watching the episode on Man V. Food....OMG!! It was soooooo good, we came here 2 times during our stay in Vegas!!! Definately coming back everytime I'm in Vegas!!!!
LOVE this place.  we always come here for the crawfish fix... good thing they have "to go" orders, we dont have to wait for a long time to be seated. hard to find parking though. and yes, you smell of garlic for 24 hours. to go orders are ready in 10 minutes so that's a plus
i wanted to try this place because i saw it on some tv shows like man vs food. hands down my favorite crawfish place ever. the spices to me were on point and the crawfish themselves lived up to the name, hot and very juicey. i live in san jose, ca where there are a few crawfish places, but this place takes the cake for me. the wait was really short too, it was packed but it only took us about 10-15 mins to be seated, which in san jose if u try to go to boiling crab can take hours! all in all, if you're ever in the vegas area and craving some crawfish definitely try this place out! i wish they were closer to where i lived =/
This place is one of my favorites on the planet Earth and I encourage Vegas visitors to take a short ride over to Chinatown to experience this place. The garlic scent summons you in from the parking lot and once inside, (if you're a garlic lover), you just want to stay there. We had the shrimp and crablegs and I could go on eating them forever!  One tip, do NOT forget to get the corn. It is brought to you in the bag along with your seafood and garlicky goodness (get the Hot n Juicy special). I have never had better corn. Oh, and do NOT wear fancy clothes there. You WILL smell like garlic for a few days...but I really didnt care. It was worth it!
Went to it after seeing it on Man v. Food and it did not disappoint.  Get ready to get messy and don't plan on much after eating other than going home and taking a shower.
I'm pretty sure this place always has a wait, but it wasn't too bad when we went. The smell was overwhelming and delicious as we waited for our table. I saw mainly Asians, and wondered why. Are these people from out of town or are they locals? Anyhow, it was definitely worth our short 25 minute (instead of the 15 quoted) wait for our hot n juicy seafood. We ordered some shrimp, crab, corn and potatoes. All were delicious, and our waitress was helpful in verbally assisting two crab dissecting virgins. We got through the meal happy, and with one cut on my finger, nothing too bad. I would definitely, absolutely, positively recommend this place to anyone!
One word!
MESSY!!!!!
Seemed expensive to me but my wife and our friends we went with loved it.  Had to wait about 20 to 30 mins which for me is a huge stretch.....I get less than excited to wait long to eat, but its quite an experience.  Food was pretty good though I must say.  Next time I'm gonna bring my own gloves, lol!!
So I've tried to go twice already, each time was a 45 minute wait and each time I end up at Cajun Crawfish (big mistake btw).  I finally decided to do take out, taking that this is the ONLY way I don't have to wait and the food is ready in 15 minutes. The stench of garlic seeped through the bag as I grabbed it and put it in my car.  i KNEW this was going to be good.  I ordered 1 lb of Lemon Pepper crawfish + 1 lb of garlic butter crawfish.  I can't believe I'd been missing out! It was SO GOOD!  I ate until my lips were numb.  It was delish.   I can't believe I went to Cajun Crawfish each time I couldn't get into Hot N Juicy.  NEVER again!  I paid about 25 bucks for 2 lbs of crawfish I believe?  Well worth it tho.
Are all the new Louisiana style shrimp/crawfish places the same? HELL NO!!!

A few differences from the research (now that translates to food eating) I have done

1) some places charge $.25 a glass for water
2) some locations have buy one beer, get the other free (that rocks!)
3) some places offer disposable gloves for your messy shelling fest
4) some places offer 3% discount off your bill if you pay in cash
5) all places have a signature mix, but don't be fooled...The tastes aren't duplicated!
6) One place is on the Man Vs. Food tour

Hmmm, wonder which place that is....Hot N Juicy offers selections 3-6 of the above list!  The shrimp are plump and yes, JUICY. The corn is sweet and succulent.  Come early to avoid long lines.  We got there around 5:30 pm and were seated right away

Service is attentive and swift.  Parking was kinda hard when we got there, so I can imagine it must be a madhouse when the place gets packed
When you walk thru the door, you will be met with the most delicious aroma of butter and garlic.  It makes me want to eat everything.  Then the crawfish comes with the sauce.  The sauce makes everythihg tastes good. I want to drink the sauce and or bathe in it.  It doesn't matter, I just want to be drenched in it.  It's that good!
THE SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE but I would go back for the food.
Amazing!!!
Old school, crawfish boil-style place!

We went there with some out of town friends who are serious about their crawfish, and they loved it.  There were only 4 of us, but (I can't believe I am admitting this, but.. )I think we ate our way through 7 pounds of crawfish.  

Heed the warnings below, the spicy is REALLY SPICY.  For those of you who like spicy food, the medium spicy is a huge step down, but your tastebuds will thank you in the end.
My wife wanted to get off the strip at least once while we were in town. She read about Hot N Juicy on Yelp and decided it would be the best place to go.

We made sure to beat the dinner rush and enjoyed a couple of pounds of shrimp and crawfish. 

Definitely get everything Hot N Juicy style, and if you like only a little spice, don't feel like a wimp getting the mild, that is still got quite a bit of kick.
I go for the crab legs. Oh so tasty!  Dip the crab meat into the Hot N' Juicy sauce and enjoy!

Place gets crazy crowded now, so get in when you can!
Who doesn't like butter?!?! Right?
This place is absolutely amazing! I've been here numerous times and I always leave feeling completely endulged and the satisfaction of doing work! 

You have to be willing to work for every bite, but boy oh boy is every bite worth it. I usually get the snow crab or the shrimp with the lemon seasoning. 

I always have to get my area situated and ready before the beautiful sight of bags full of butter and critters! =] It is messy so don't plan on wearing your cute outfit for the night! Although you do get a classy bib to wear.

Also, be aware that you could possibly smell like butter for awhile. 
But despite the lingering smell, this is a MUST HAVE MUST GO! 
The service is great and the food is even better!
This place is super duper succulent!!!

Their homemade Hot N Juicy sauce is the star of the menu. I love their shrimp/ crawfish dipped in the sauce. All the orders come per pound.  It is just mouth watering when you suck out the juice from your seafood. Great simple concept, decor is plain, table cloth, bib all made of plastic. You eat, you dirty up the place and they just need to throw out the entire set. Brilliant idea, no BS...

I also recommend ordering their soft shell crab and add an extra side of sauce to dip that in.  Be prepared for huge lines, especially on weekends.

And #1 tip: Don't wear a white shirt!

Overall, must eat place when you visit Las Vegas.
I never thought I would come across a restaurant that could knock my favorite steak place off the charts, but this is now my #1 FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN THE WHOLE WORLD - not just for seafood, any food!  I never even liked garlic before Hot N Juicy; the place permeates with a deep garlicky, buttery smell as soon as you drive up (and so will you for 3 days after you eat here).  Get the crawfish, get the shrimp, get the crab, but whatever you do, get it in the special sauce.  There's something in that "SPECIAL" sauce that's indescribable but keeps me coming back week after week - could it be crack, could it be heroin?  I don't know, but I'm an addict for life.  If I ever become allergic to shellfish (knock on wood), my family have specific instructions to put me outta my misery.  Or, I'll just die eating at my favorite restaurant Hot N Juicy.  Trust me, you will not be disappointed; the wait is worth it.  Go before 6pm to avoid a looooong wait.  It's busy all days of the week.  Make sure to get the corn, some sausages and add a bowl of rice to catch all the juices as they run off your hands when cracking the crawfish, shrimp, and crab.  Squeeze the head juice into the rice for extra flavor.  Eat the rice last, yum!  Damn you Adam Richman for telling everyone about Las Vegas locals' best hole-in-the-wall seafood place.  I feel sorry for the tourists that do try Hot N Juicy and then go home craving it because it's so amazing - I'm lucky to be living here in LV so I can eat there whenever I want!!!  I'm waiting to hear someone say they moved to LV for Hot N Juicy LOL!

I just checked out the Boiling Crab in San Jose and Hot & Juicy is stll the winner in my book.  Sauce is more buttery and savory and the servers are the greatest here in LV.
Wow!!!! Better then expected we ordered 2lbs of shrimp,1lb of crawfish 2 corn ,6 slices sausage and Cajun fries ,$48 we had the hot and juicy sauce-spicy which had the right amount of heat,the boil had a pleasant orange taste to it. Service was very good,kept the drinks full . Food came out fast always a plus. Dessert at baskin Robbins to put out the fire, perfect meal
Hot and Juicy is definitely some hot stuff! I came here for the first time with Michelle W. last year and I really don't remember it being this packed for a weekend. However, the 20-30 minute wait was well worth the wait. We decided on the Hot and Juicy Snow Crabs in Medium, the Lemon Pepper Shrimp in Mild, Chicken Wings Basket with the Cajun Fries and a side of rice for me. I was definitely salivating waiting for the food to come out...which actually didn't take very long! Everything was SOOOOOO good! Next time though I think I will stick with the mild hotness level. My mouth was on fire by the time I was through...the cajun fries were probably not the best idea with all of this hotness going on, but I guess that's why they call it HOT and juicy. Everything that we ordered totaled up to about 45 bucks plus sodas....not a bad deal. BTW....the rice with some sauce is oh so delicious! I will definitely be back for more garlic dousing!
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD :D

tip: go early and bring gloves lol
Definitely worth the cab ride from the strip! 
Two of us shared.
2 lbs of crawfish
2 baskets of sweet potato fries
Ordered a second piece of corn on the cob because the first one was so yummy.

Ordered the mild special seasoning and it was pretty spicy still.

Warning: Your hands will smell like garlic for days if you're not careful! But it is worth it.
I was afraid that I would have to wait a few hours to get into this place.  Just went here last night with a friend around 6:30pm and we were seated right away.  Awesome!  But then again, there were larger groups of people who were still waiting outside, so maybe it's a good idea to come in smaller groups!  It was also Labor Day.

We ordered the following items:
1 lb. of shrimp
1 lb. of craw fish
a couple ears of corn each
Sweet potato fries

and we had this in the "mild" hot n juicy sauce.

Boy was it NOT mild.  It was super hot!  But it was so good.  The sauce was best paired with the craw fish.  The juice from the shrimp does not take as well, but if you peel the shrimp and then plunge the entire body into the sauce in the bag, then you are good to go with the awesome hot n juicy and very garlicky flavor.  You must love butter, you must love garlic, and you must be able to handle spicy.  

This place is pretty good, and comparable to Boiling Crab in the Bay Area, maybe even better in my opinion.  I have to go back and check as I've only been there once.  

Not sure this would be a good date night, but I like a man who can take in some spice.  I find it very flattering!  So why not, bring your date here, see if he can pass the hot test!  You will have fun with the interactive eating, and the get down and dirty environment; bibs and all!  YUM!  I'll be back here soon, once I get this garlic and seafood smell off me for awhile.  It certainly sticks to your clothes so don't bother going out after eating here!
This place was incredible.  After reading about it we went straight there from the airport.  It did not disappoint.  Two of us had 2 lbs each of the snow crab, king crab and shrimp.  The lemon pepper sauce was delicious, the hot n juicy sauce even better.  Service was super attentive.  Only negative was they ran out of blue crab before we'd gotten there.  Next time for sure...
Just like boiling crab in san jose or crawdaddy.  very fun place. make sure you got some bank to spend.  Its located in chinatown and not many of the cabs know where it is.  Also plus its located next to a massage spot if your into that thing.
I never thought I would say this, but I actually like Hot N' Juicy Crawfish a lot better than Boiling Crab. Don't get me wrong...I still really like Boiling Crab, but Hot N' Juicy was just excellent. 

How could that possibly be you ask? 

1) The equivalent to the "Whole Sha-Bang" was a lot less garlicky and overwhelming. I didn't leave the restaurant feeling like crap...and I wasn't still tasting the garlic the day after. 

2) The food tasted a bit healthier (if that is even possible). Hot N' Juicy uses a little less butter, but it didn't seem to take away from the flavors - still leaving me craving for more. 

3) The catfish was delicious. I haven't had the catfish at Boiling Crab so I can't really compare, but the catfish was perfectly juicy, crispy on the outside, and the tarter sauce was delicious. 

4) There was a soup/stew-like dish (soup with Crawfish served with rice) was delicious. You can only eat so much shrimp and Crawfish, so this was a nice balance to the high-cholesterol meal. 

5) The wait wasn't as bad. I came here with a friend and her family (party of 4) on a Saturday night and waited only about 20-25 minutes (the restaurant is off the strip). 

6) You get a bit of a discount if you pay with cash (It's not like I can take advantage of this offer since I never have cash - but I thought I would throw that in there anyways). 

Overall - great meal! I always love the ambiance!
wow! messy!!!!
the kids had no desire to do anything one Sunday so we decided that we would go on a little lunch date to hot n juicy..

we walked in thinking it'll be busy as hell and we'd have to wait.. but we were seated pretty quickly.  the smell of garlic butter is super intense once u walk in so u get a really good idea of what it taste like before tasting anything!  u sit at a table covered with a plastic bag.. so, that alone says a lot about what your getting into.

the menu is pretty strait forward with a good amount of things to choose from and it isn't overwhelming with options.  

most are priced to market prices.. so you don't really know how much it is unless you ask. you choose what you'd like to get drenched as far as which of the four, five, or six? different sauces they offer:  hot n' juicy, lemon garlic.. [i forget the rest] and then choose what heat level you want your spice at.

we're rookies so we ordered what my friend michelle e ordered which was  a lb of shrimp and a lb of crawfish.. [we took head of the spice warning] and had mild spiced crawfish and medium spiced shrimp with a side of medium sauce.

the waitress was super friendly and very helpful.  when i asked her i was cracking the crawfish wrong.. or missing something 

we put our bibs on and got to it! 

sides:  rice and cajun fries.  

the crawfish:  um, i was a little confused.  i realized late in the game that whatever i was looking for beneath the shell wasn't there, and that it was what it was.. which was nothing much.  so if your looking to find lots of meat?  it's not hiding under a crawfish shell.. BUT!  the juice was excellent!

the shrimp was VERY good.. succulent and full of juices.  surprisingly, either sauces were too hot for me... just REALLY garlic-y!  

we were prepared to order more... but this was perfect for the both of us.

the garlic... lasts ALLLL day.  gum.. bring lots of gum.  
mouthwash even.  and drink something to keep the burps down.
Okay, I can see why this place gets a bunch fo 4 stars.  

This was my first time eating crawfish as was it for my wife.

So first off, we get there and the place is full, no waiting, just full of people enjoying their dinner.  We had stopped at another "crawfish" place nearby and there was litterally no one in the place.  That was the first clue that we didn't want to stay.  Then we did a quick Yelp and the average rating was 2.5 stars.

While Yelping the first restaurant we saw this place with an average of 4 stars.  Much better, so we headed on over.

Like I said, the first time we've had crawfish. 

The first big plus, we were greeted and sat quickly.  The server asked if we had ever had crawfish before, and when we said "no", he brougt out two crawfish and showed us the process.

We ordered crawfish and crab legs.  Both were great, but beware, the "mild" sauce has quite a kick to it.  We also ordered calamari and sweet potato fries.  Everything was good.

Now, this is NOT A FIRST DATE PLACE.  But if you can find someone that will go here and  get dirty with you on the first date...marry them. :-)  Half of the fun is you eat your shell fish and just toss the shells on the table.  In fact, it's so messy, they give you a bib and plastic gloves(upon request).

This place is fun, good food, decent prices and just worth the visit if you haven't had crawfish before, or just want to eat some good ol' Southern crawfish, crab(blue, snow, dungenous) and catfish.
This was my first time eating crawfish... and I must say that it's a lot of work to get to a small amount of meat but it is fun and messy. They cover the table with a plastic tablecloth and have complimentary crawfish bibs to wear to protect your clothes. I think it's worthwhile trying the crawfish at least once! 

We tried a few other things from the menu including snow crab (this was awesome), blue crab (skip this altogether) king crab, shrimp (definitely order this!), sausage, corn, cajun fries, potato and one of my personal favorites, the étouffée! The sausage comes in sliced pieces and I found it delicious to add to the étouffée which is much like a gumbo. 

We came here twice. The place is constantly packed to capacity, the parking lot full and a waiting list to get a table but it's well worth the wait trust me!
New to Vegas, and I must say that it is a good substitute for Boiling Crab back home in CA.  Placed an order for pickup, service was fast and friendly.  

Not as greasy as Boiling Crab, but just as good!

Maybe next time I'll eat in to get the whole experience.
I thought it was time to amend my review.  I love the true cajun flavors as well as the bada$$ spice.  My recommendation is the shrimp because you get more meat than with crawfish, as well as an ear of corn swimming in the garlic, lemony, goodness.

I can't believe I still come here with a shellfish allergy. Lol. I just pop a Benadryl beforehand now.
Hot N Juicy Special comin right up!

I just came back from Las Vegas on a quick 23 hour trip and I managed to make it out to Hot N Juicy in Chinatown. My friends heard of it from Man vs. Food and I thought the pictures on Yelp looked promising, so it wasn't very hard to persuade me to go. We go there a little after it opened and were welcomed very excitedly by the staff. Of course, since we were there so early, we were seated right away. We ordered the calamari, two orders of sweet potato fries, a half-dozen raw oysters, two pounds of the Hot and Juicy crawfish, one pound of the lemon pepper crawfish and three pounds of the garlic butter crawfish (my personal favorite). 

The calamari was fantastic, it wasn't overly breaded like some places do it. It comes with lemon and some marinara sauce. Now I am not a fan of sweet potato fries, but my friends ordered two orders, I was bound to try one. Not only did I try ONE, I tried like ELEVEN! Haha.. they were nicely seasoned and went perfectly with the ketchup. Believe it or not, I would order them again. (Zoinks?! lol). The raw oysters were so fresh it melted in my mouth. My only complaint is that I usually add a bit of soy sauce with the lemon wedge when I shoot raw oysters and all they had was lemon. But none the less, MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH GOODNESS!!! The guests of honor to our luncheon were the crawfish. All the flavors that we had were very flavorful and delicious in their own right. However, the garlic butter was my absolute favorite, and I think everyone elses' as well. Mainly because we put in an order for two MORE pounds after killin' just the one. 

*BTW you can order different grades of spicyness for your food, however we ordered the Hot and Juicy special at just a mild grade of spicy juice and it was pretty intense. Even to my spicy-loving Thai mates that ate with me :).

I only gave them 4 stars because they only served beer. I'll add that additional star once they start selling wine at least, but with fingers-crossed they'll someday have a full bar.
I fell in love with this place the moment I sat down and realized I had to peel my own shrimp (head and all) and throw my trash right onto the plastic tablecloth. After several trips, I've come to learn my favorite flavors and spice ratings. I love the hot n juicy special at a mild or medium level. These levels have a good amount of spice that doesn't hurt my face.

Now, I'm not a very good spicy food eater. But I have been here with different groups of friends and have had the opportunity to sample the different spice levels. I can say the extra spicy is very very hot, and it builds with every bite you take. Your lips continue to burn, but you can't resist the tastiness and continue to eat, despite the pain. But what I really like and appreciate about the extra spicy flavors is the fact that you can still taste the flavor despite the heat. Your mouth isn't reduced to just a ball of fire.

And on that note, I would recommend any seafood lover to visit this fine establishment.
Hot N Juicy!  And it's exactly that - HOT & JUICY! 

My party ordered almost about everything on their simple menu, and I made sure to mooch off everyone.  Everything was fresh and...well...HOT & JUICY!  The crawfish, the shrimpies, snow crab...etc - everything was delicious. You can even order a styrofoam bowl of rice on the side if you wish. 

I compared it to Crab Hut back in SD, and I hate to admit it - the hot n juicy seasoning beats crab hut buy an extra thumbs up.

I'll definitely be back for this one.

Bib up and enjoy your finger lickin meal!
Hot N Juicy is one of those places that I never thought I would like.  Growing up, my relatives have always been obsessed with crab legs and other seafoods that you have to work for to get to the good stuff.  As I got older I saw that it wasn't just my family, it was pretty much everybody that was obsessed with peeling their food.  I just did not see the point in having to work so hard for your food!

And then there was Hot N Juicy.  Admittedly, my first visit here was made reluctantly.  If I didn't care much for crab, why would I care for crawfish?  The answer is easy: the Hot N Juicy Special sauce.  Medium spice.  I went from avoiding seafood that requires my hands to eat, to getting serious cravings for Hot N Juicy.  That sauce is spicy and leaves a (pleasant) burn on your lips as you continue to eat.  The garlic flavor can get pretty strong as it leaves it's mark on your breathe, and infiltrates every article of clothing you're currently wearing.  You'll probably end up doing laundry as soon as possible.  But all of that doesn't matter...because the sauce is worth it.

My current favorite is the shrimp.  Crawfish is good, but their size is inconsistent.  Not that that's the restaurants fault or anything, it's just that the first time I went, the crawfish were pretty darn big.  But with each subsequent visit...their size diminished.  But it's okay, I have my shrimp to keep me satisfied.  Next time I go I'll have to try the crab.

So has my mind changed about seafood?  No not really.  As it stands, I'm really in it for the sauce.  No Hot N Juicy special, no seafood peeling/cracking for me.  Five stars for instilling a craving that I never thought I would have, and having consistently delicious sauce.
Thank you Man Vs. Food for reviewing this place! Fricken amazing! Simple and delicious, busy, but quick, the simplicity is what I love about this place; Seafood + Sauce + Bag + vigorous shaking = HOT N JUICY!

When you go I would suggest a pound of the king crab in pepper lemon sauce not spicy and a pound of crawfish SPICY! You will not be disappointed!

ENJOY!
Rustic Cajun eating at it's best!  What a great concept: Bags of boiled seafood, paper on the tables, no plates, just finger lickin!  I love it when places make it fun to eat your food.  You never have to give me any excuses to eat with your hands, I will always be there for that party.  

This being said, I was not extremely impressed with the food at Hot n Juicy Crawfish.  The crawfish were frozen the nights I've been here, but they always say they usually get in fresh when they can.  The flavors were all pretty good, although I preferred the Hot-n-Juicy flavor and the cajun one was also very good.  The food came by the pound, and when we asked how much to order she told us about a pound per person.  This was way too much!  But I can never be mad at someone for suggesting a lot of food, it will all get eaten at some point, right?  

The food was relatively cheap, at around $10 per pound of each type of seafood.  We got the shrimp and the crawfish, and wish I would have tried the Dungeness crab, it sounded really good.  

If you're looking for a fun meal to grab with friends, definitely try out Hot n Juicy Crawfish.  But since the place was on Man v. Food, it may take you a little while to wait for your reservation, so maybe try to go during off hours.
I love crawfish, and seeing as how i go to Boiling Crab in southern CA all the time, I wanted to give this place a try.

Needless to say my whole family was very disappointed. The sauce was very bland, it was not as good as home.  There was nothing significant about the sauce. It was just essentially a bag of spicy water.

We ordered 4 pounds of crawfish and 2 pounds of shrimp, 12 sausages, 6 corns, and 2 cajun fries. What made me upset the most was the fact that they weighed in the corn with our shrimp (Note to Hot N Juicy Crawfish: When customers order 2 pounds of shrimp, they expect two pounds of SHRIMP, NOT .03 pounds of shrimp and the rest were corn and sausages. Those items are considered side orders, even if you do put them together in the same bag, YOU DON'T WEIGH THEM).

Highly disappointed in this place! I will not be coming back.
We dropped in here last Saturday with high expectations after the rave reviews of friends. Being both big seafood fans and also believers in food-as-sport, we thought we'd found our restaurant utopia.

Boy, were we wrong.

The shrimp was bland, the sauce was not spicy, and the sides that we ordered never came. Either we came at an off time, or this place is WAAAAAAAAAY over-hyped.
It ain't boiling crab but it's the closest we have here in Vegas. And this review is much more of a personal preference of which seasoning I prefer between the two. Being from Cali I might be bias but there is a bit more spice and kick in flavor in the whole Shabang sauce than Hot&Juicy special sauce.  But just a bit so the difference is tolerable. Everything else as far as the menu goes is the same.

The biggest difference though between the two is the service.  It's my second time here and I've excused my first experience. Slow waiter, you have to request for salt, pepper and lime, and bibs.  In Boiling Crab, all that is already a given and they tie the bib around your neck for you.

Me and my friend were seated right away but a group of 5 or more, expect atleast an hour wait. Overall with the exception of the service, food was great.
This was my first crawfish experience and it was pretty yum!  We had 1lb of shrimp (hot n juicy - medium spice), 1 lb of snow crab (lemon pepper - medium spice), 1lb of shrimp (lemon pepper - medium spice), and 1lb of crawfish (hot n juicy - medium spice).  Also got beers and sweet potato fries.  The lemon peper was good on the crab but not so good on the shrimp.  Were told to go less spicy than normal because their spice was hotter than everyone else's, so we went medium.  Really wish we had gone hotter.  We also did not shake our bags, which after reading a few reviews, could have made a big difference.  Geez, aren't we smart?!?

On a Thursday night, it was super crowded, but we got the last available table, so no wait.  Service was really fast, if not overly friendly.   It seemed like we ordered and five minutes later we were opening steaming plastic bags!  Food was great, incredibly messy and I thought it was a little pricey.  Not sure if I would go back here, but it was definitely an experience.  I feel like I lived a little.  I also feel like I should share this little nugget:  The next morning, my BF says "WHAT IS THAT SMELL?"  It was us.  We smelled like garlic for a good three days. haha
The food might not be spectacular, but I was with a large group of friends and I had an awesome dining experience here. 

You get a bag of seafood drenched in whatever flavor sauce you want with your level of spicyness. I definitely recommend adding corn to your bag of seafood because it soaks in the flavor and juices and it tastes SO GOOD! Beware that the shrimp comes out with the heads still attached and you have to peel off the shells yourself. My friend wasn't warned and I think she was a little surprised hahah. 

So I tried their crawfish and the shrimp in their signature Hot N Juicy sauce (which is a mix of all of the sauces) and it definitely satisfied my seafood cravings. I found it so much fun to eat with your hands like a kid. You get a plastic bid and by the end of the meal, my hands were completely messy hahah so much fun! However, the smell did stick around for awhile but the experience was worth it. Plus, the food came out SO FAST. Our order was ready in less than 10 mins! AWESOME!

We also got some sweet potato fries and cajun fries to share which was a nice side to have. So come prepared to be extremely messy and eat your weight in seafood!

Price wise: you pay by the pound. It ended up being around $10/lb for the shrimp and crawfish.
I love this place. So tasty. They fly in craw fish from Louisiana daily. You get your craw fish in a plastic bag that has been boiled. It's filled with the spice that you chose, corn on the cob and a potato. What makes these craw fish so good is the seasonings used. There's a few different flavor choices. I always get the special. It's all of the flavors together. Then there is the Spice level. Beware! Spicy is Spicy! I have yet to try the Extra Spicy. There are no utensils or plates. You eat off the plastic table cloth and you even get a bib. I was never a fan of craw fish until now. One of my favorite places in Vegas.
i gave it 2 stars only because im from LA and we have Boiling Crab and Claws. 2 restaurants with the same concept, but very different flavors (in my opinion).

i get it...hot n juicy was featured on man vs food and i guess if you're ok with the spice level, its worth trying. i, on the other hand, dont like my food that spicy.

came in for dinner with a few friends and ordered shrimp and crab legs, and a few appetizers. service was ok. but the food was just...eh. maybe i'm spoiled by LA food and expect a lot more from seafood, but we're in a desert, so what more can you expect?

i didnt really enjoy the food because i expected what i get at boiling crab and claws, or maybe the hype of this place was built up so much i expected much more from it.

all in all, it definitely calms that seafood craving when i dont wanna go to a buffet and craving something with that bit of spice/extra flavor to it.

and - both times i came in it definitely didnt sit well with my stomach. same thing with my best friend. kinda left our stomachs a little "hot n juicy"...sorry i had to say it. thats exactly how we felt when we got home.

i'll probably back, if im really really craving cajun style seafood
The establishment is pretty small to hold a business such as this and parking is horrendous. Highly compared to Boiling Crab in southern California, Hot N Juicy doesn't delve much from the popular food-in-a-bag chain. I'm not too sure if the food comes out based on when the guests get there or when the food is done but often times, I've noticed it comes out really randomly. Sometimes, the other guests got their food before me when I ordered before them.  If you're looking for a mirror of Boiling Crab, Hot N Juicy is it.

I'd recommend something different to make this restaurant a gem in Las Vegas and not a copy of Boiling Crab.  People COULD start saying, "Oh Boiling Crab? That's like Hot N Juicy in Vegas!" Right? :)
Thanks to some recommendation from native LV Yelpers, We decided to visit Hot & Juicy for dinner on a recent trip to Las Vegas. Not the best idea to come straight from the convention centre, as the Hot & Juicy smell permeated our blazers and followed us around all week, but the experience itself was well worth it. 

Anything that made it onto Man Vs Food is likely the opposite of what I am looking to eat, but we decided to give it a try, for the spectacle alone. As soon as we arrived, finger licking smacking, bib wearing ladies were queuing for the washroom  in need of a quick hand wash. Waitresses with big smiles and heavy eyeliner ran around with buckets and plastic gloves on their hands. I was intrigued.

The two of us sat at our plastic covered tables and ordered beer ($3 for import) 1lb of Crawfish medium Hot & Juicy special, 1 lb of shrimp medium Hot & Juicy special and 3lbs Crab Spicy lemon pepper. We also had 2 ear of corn, and an order of calamari whose accompanying fries never arrived.  It was a ridiculously too much amount fo food but we were starving after a long day on our feet.

Everything arrives in a plastic bag, with sauce puddling along the bottom. The waitress dumps the bag onto your table from her bucket, and will give you a brief demo if necessary. You are instructed to dig in and leave the carcasses in the middle of your table as you plow through. 

Regarding the spice, I found medium wasn't enough and I regretted my decision. Also, I regretted ordering so much all at once, as we ate some got cold, which was less appetizing.

For the novelty (we barely ever see crawfish in Toronto) it was fun. Anything that dirty is always a good time of course. The flavor of the lemon pepper was really outstanding. It was great.  The service was actually among the best we got in Vegas, they were attentive and friendly.  $96 for a mammoth amount of food that could have fed 4 with about 3 beer each.  The crab was good, but I find the crawfish just doesn't give you enough meat. 

Minus a star for the impact on the environment from all that waste. I would have been happy with bucket, no bags.
IF you like FISH BAIT this is your place.

I found several things that were really bad.

1st service is slow
2nd they weigh there crawfish w the sauce in the bag. so you really dont get what u are supposed to get.
3rd. the shrimp are very tough and super dirty
4th the crawfish a very  very dirty
5th what ever spicy level you order they just give you whatever they feel like

6th CASH DISCOUNT? wtf is this. you mean if i decide to pay in cash, you will give me a discount? does this mean you are doing something wrong. Im pretty sure if you stay at bally's and when you check out. The front desk says. hey if you pay with cash i will give u a discount? no way. this is called tax fraud.

Rule# 1 about eating seafood in the nevada. ONLY in a hotel! there stuff is so rubbery and nasty. i really could not eat it. and i eat pretty much everything. but this was the 1 that was impossible. 

I dont think any real foody would disagree.

my score: 1-10

staff- 3
menu- 2
price- 2
bathrooms- cant even be rated is was that bad "0"

over all- Total Scam!
I went to Hot N Juicy as part of a group of 10 for a bachelor party. Although the wait was about 40 minutes on a Friday night, they were able to accommodate us pretty easily. I have never been to a restaurant with this concept, but I thought it was great. The table ordered a little bit of everything; crawfish, shrimp, & crab. Everything was delicious but the king crab legs are fantastic. We were talking about the food for days after.

The wait staff were friendly and able to handle a rowdy bunch of guys. You may want to arrive by cab because I don't think there is much in the way of parking. To help offset the wait time check out Crown & Anchor bar across the street.
I almost threw up the minute I walked in this dive.  What a pit.  the smell of "fish gone wrong" was too overwhelming for me.  And the place was DIRTY.  Seafood and dirt DO NOT mix.

The service was awful if you are not Asia....seriously....all the Asian folks were taken care of immediately.

We ordered, then I made the mistake of going to the bathroom to wash my hands before I ate.  OMG.  I'm sure I picked up masses of germs just walking in that hole.

Food came, and I swear we didn't eat it.  The shrimp were so tough it was impossible to really eat.  The crawfish?  It's like someone said below...it was like fish bait!  SO dirty and what really pissed me off was that I asked for medium and instead got the spiciest hottest juice ever.  When I asked if it was correct, she just shrugged her shoulders.  Wow.

Disgusting, will never eat here again and will never suggest it to anyone who doesn't want to get sick.
So I am kinda new here, but I decided to join to write for a restaurant I really care about.

I have been going to Hot N' Juicy ever since the Man v Food filming for the Travel channel show. I have to say that every time I have been there the service has been more than accommodating. The waitresses are very sweet and pretty and all the servers and staff are beyond friendly. 

As for the food, you really can't go wrong with a big ol' bag of snow crab legs and shrimp. I always get at least a dozen sausage and oysters to go with them. The sauces are out of this world good. My friend and I always get the nosebleed sauce on the side so we can just dip everything in it and use the rice on the side to cool down. It is an exhilarating experience. This place is hands down a one-of-a-kind experience for those in Vegas. I have lived here my whole life and have not found such an inexpensive restaurant that offers this kind of experience to this scale. 

IMPORTANT: All the claims of sanitation issues and health violations are completely FALSE! They have recently been checked by the state health department and have been cleared of all false accusations.

Please don't let a few negative words fool you on this joint. Just go there and try for yourself. You won't be disappointed!
I have eaten several times at this restaurant and have not been disappointed. My first time eating at the restaurant was during the premiere of Hot n' Juicy's spot on the Travel Channel, Man v. Food and I have been a regular since. 

Moving to Vegas I found it was hard to locate the locally owned, unique restaurants. If you are looking for a unique restaurant with great seafood (hard to find in a desert), then check out Hot n' Juicy.

I feel like family when I visit and the servers are incredibly helpful in suggestions on what to eat.

This restaurant has great service, awesome seafood (try the snow crab!!), and offers a one-of-a-kind, affordable experience hard to find in the Las Vegas area. The best part? Your seafood doesn't come out on a plate. How does it come out then? I'll guess you'll just have to go see for yourself. Let's just say it is a hands on experience.  

A regular meal for me includes at least a pound of snow crabs and a dozen sausage. For those who are looking for a milder juice lemon pepper is the way to go!
I've been to Hot N Juicy for the past 4 years as a regular customer. It's become a tradition for my family and friends. I've always had a great experience there as well as great food. The employees are friendly and fun. They provide exceptional food and are extremely clean. I've never had any issues with their food or cleanliness. 
Try the nosebleed sauce if you like spiciness. It's not on the menu. 
My favorite is lemon pepper. 
Get 2lbs and you get a free potato and corn =]
ive been going to this place since the week it opened, and of course since i am "asian" i needed to eat rice with my food so i would actually bring in my own rice until i finally was able to convince the owner to put rice on the menu and she DID. 

I watch this place grow so busy over the last several years now and im so happy for the owners that this place became a huge success. 

I want to make a very true  and clear point here because its just very dissappointing to find out to hear what people will do for vengeance to make a fabulous place like this shut down.  To the person who loves to spread false information and to put it on this on the news is completely outright wrong! and secondly karma is a bitch cause you messed up in the first place...hate it to say it to the folks but this place is NOT going to shut down.

There will ALWAYS be dissatisfied customers no matter what! no matter what!
Honestly,  this place is not gonna make everyone happy, i mean, what business out there does???? this IS america people! we love to complain, and all the better, we loooove to sue each others ass off!!

 All I can tell you is that since ive been coming here along with all the waaaaay tooooo many people i referred this place to and i rarely ever got a bad response, and only a few times i did get one its because they were either 1) don't eat seafood 2) extremely fickle picky eaters.

but this place is outstanding, and consistent, its always freaking busy! so the customer service is not always gonna be 110% on top of things, your not coming here for superb service, your coming here for seafood cajun style and  of course, if you like it "SPICY". if your a customer and you demand perfect food along with perfect service go take yourself to a 5 star rated michelin awarded restaurant cause theres a few here in vegas, and spend your $500  + worth of experiencing excellent dining. 

Other than that,  ive said what i needed to say. Nonetheless, hot and juicy, when it comes to great seafood and spice and BLUECRABS, you never fail me, you just make me and all the rest of your fans from vegas, l.a., the bay, and everyone else from all over,coming back for MORE!!!!!!!!
It is AMAZING HERE, their sauce is soooo deng good, out of all the crawfish place i've tried, this matches up to boiling crab.  I love the potato !!! it's sooo good with the sauce, i had it 2 days in a roll =X ! hahaha their crawfish is bigger than the one at boiling crab tho, the shrimp tastes good, but the skin is soft? haha, but overall it is amazing, 

PROS: 
Potato w their hot n juicy sauce!
their crawfish size!
the hot n juicy sauce!

CONS:
the cajun fries, just fries with seasoning? it have nothing on the bc fries.  dont get it, its just regular fries! the charge extra for more seasoning on top of the seasoning thats already on there, (which is not enoughhh by farr)

their price is bout the same as bc, maybe a dollar more, but hey! ur in vegas, this place is definitely a stop to make!
This place continues to be great for me. Keep bringing me the Hot N' Juicy crab legs!
Mmm Hot & Juicy!  Indeed!  I came here for a bachelorette party in the summer.  I took the bachelorette to Hot & Juicy as we waited for the other bridesmaids to arrive.  There was a long line of people waiting outside.  It was a Thursday night.  The staff told it was a 45 minutes wait, so we decided to go cross the street and go grocery shopping.  I wanted to buy some fruits and snacks for the hotel.  By the time we got back, we were directed to our table.  I've heard such good things about this place from my girlfriends who were locals, skinny, extremely glamorous, and they can eat!   The bachelorette ordered 1 lb of shrimp with the Hot & Juicy special sauce, garlic fries, and I ordered 1 lb of crawfish as well as buttered corn on the cob.   They all come out piping hot in a plastic bag.  We received a bib however,  we did not get any gloves as did some of my fellow yelpers.  I guess we didn't order enough food?  My buttered corn was completely soaked in butter and spices, it was so salty and soft.  I couldn't eat it.  I just wanted boiled corn and they said I had to be more specific.  You had to say boil corn or something.  My waiter was horrible.  He wasn't that attentive.  He gave me attitude because he had to take that corn back and gave me a different corn.  My 2nd corn was still super soft and with tons of butter.  I was super disappointed.  I love corn too!   Ah, did I forget to mention that I had to ask where my corn was?  He had forgotten to place an order of the corn.  He didn't even apologize for forgetting.  He just brought out that soggy salty corn.  Anyway, on to the review of the rest of the meal, it was yummy!  The crawfish was fresh.  All the shells were hard and not soft.  So that's how you would know if the crawfish is fresh or not.  The flavors of the garlic and spices were so good.  It was definitely a finger licking experience.  For the two of us, 1 lb each on shrimps and crawfish was enough.  I don't normally eat that much shrimp, but crawfish I can eat a lot of.  I'd recommend coming to this place for the experience, maybe not so much for the corn.  It was actually kind of neat to see them serving white rice as a side dish.  Next time I visit Vegas, I'm definitely coming back.  We have a Crawfish King in Seattle and I do not like that place at all.  I'll do a review on that place later.
It's 2pm, and it's time for the only meal of the day. If you've had your fair share of buffets, I think Hot N Juicey is a great alternative. Awesome selection of seafood, sauce with a great spicy kick, and you get to attack your food with all the barbarity you can muster.

Since the four of us were starving, we ordered a portion of cajun fries, a portion of sweet potato fries, a dozen oysters and 4lbs of shrimp. Yeah, that's way too much food. The fries had good flavour but to me, they just took up unnecessary tummy space. The oysters were small and scrawny but still had a nice, fresh taste. The shrimp on the other hand, was impressive. They were big and filled us up fast. We went with the spicy Hot N Juicy sauce, and we were all feeling a little burning around our lips. Very satisfying.
Has to try this place out after seeing it on Man vs Food on the Travel Channel. It was really busy and they needed more staff that day but after talking to them afterward they were surprised by the rush that day. The Crawfish was really good. Ordered both the spicy and medium but I would say go with the medium I eat hot but it was spicy for me. 

Great new is that they are opening one in Seattle where I live. Ya!
My bestfriend brought me and my boyfriend here when we went to visit her in vegas..shes always talking about how good this place was so we had to try it.

amongst the three of us we got 3lbs of crawfish- mild hotness, 2lbs of shrimp, one order of calamari, and an order of cajun fries. we got the same sauce for the crawfish and shrimp, which was DEEEELICIOUS!! honestly, i liked their sauce more than the boiling crab, and what's even better is that THERE'S NO 2-3 HOUR WAIT!! unlike boiling crab, no matter what day of the week or what time of the day, there will ALWAYS be a wait. once we got into this restaurant, the waitress asked us how many and seated us within minutes. if you like garlic, this is the place to go, their sauce is thick and flavored with garlic, it was just perfect.

if youre ever in vegas, you should definitely give this place a try.
Had to try it since we were in Vegas... People told me it was better than Boiling crab... i ain't a fan of craw fish/shrimps but i mean... boiling crab's seasoning is pretty good! So we went in... looks very similar to bc... but when we got the food..... yea... def not like our bc... don't think i would ever go back...
OMG this place SUCKS! Its NOTHING COMPAIRED TO BOILING CRAB

1st... the shimp is over cooked..too soft

2nd...the seasoning is soo watered down..and it gives the shrimp no flavor at all

3rd...the "cajun fries" suck.. its has barely no seasoning

4th..the corn sucks.. it taste just like KFC corn

..and adam richman was here?!..sorry man vs food guy u gotta come down to the OC n go to boiling crab
Went straight to Hot N Juicy when my friends & I landed in Vegas last week. I saw this joint on Travel Channel & being a fan of Louisiana  Style Crawfish...it was mandatory that we hit up this place. 

The Crawfish were GINORMOUS & tasted pretty good. Could've used more seasoning, but it was  pretty decent considering the size of their Brown River Crawfish. I'd say the crawfish & the sauce here is tastier than Boiling Crab, but I still like Crab Hut much better. If Crab Hut served these steroid induced crawfishes...I'd be there prepared for high cholesterol. 

Customer service kinda sucked cuz we ordered Calamari, which never came out...even after several reminders. Other than that everything else was great...we will be coming back the next time we're in Vegas & will continue to tell our friends about this place.
Stopped by earlier to have a late dinner with my partna in crime, LiLy D. 

I called them at almost 10:30pm to ask what time the kitchen closes. The guy said, "we close at 11" I said "so it's ok if I come by in 5 minutes?" he says, "I'll let you slide"

What we ordered:
1 lb shrimp Hot N Juicy Sauce Medium Spicy 
1 lb shrimp Garlic Butter Sauce Spicy 
1 lb crawfish Hot N Juicy Sauce Medium Spicy 
1 order dinner rolls 
3 Blue Moons

The food was hella good as usual. The employees were cool about us making them stay past their closing time. They never rushed us and even asked if we wanted more beers. 

I noticed on the very bottom of the bill said something like "WRITE A REVIEW ON YELP"

I asked my waiter when they started having that on the receipt and he said it just started yesterday. That is effin AWESOME!!!
awesome selection of flavors. i can just drinks the juice of it....yummy
Clients took me here and I always heard it was good, I'm glad they suggested it.  They go all the time so they ordered for us.

Pretty simple concept.  I never had crawfish in my life and I tried them.  They are okay, but seem like a lot of work.  I prefer the shrimp myself.  The flavors that they toss the seafood in is just awesome.  Lots of garlic and spice goodness.  Great when they add a potato and corn into the bag so they too soak up the flavors.  A little messy, so you want to go with people you are comfortable with and takes time to eat your food, so don't go when you are in a rush!  Only thing that could see being an issue for some if you are weird like me, the shrimp are in their shell with the heads on, so you have to take the heads off and they are not deviened, so that could be a little gross to think about.  I ate a whole bag to myself and I didn't get sick, nothing to worry about.   Prices are by the pound, so it can add up!   
Quite messy, so just be ready and use all the paper towels they give you.  I would also bring lots of gum for the garlic breath after too!
on our most recent trip to vegas, which was just this week, we ventured off the strip and tried Hot N Juicy Crawfish.

it was phenomenal!

we had never been here before so we were pretty unsure of what to order...the waitress was super helpful in explaining the menu to us.  

we ordered two pounds of crawfish and crab legs (mild, hot n juicy) with potatoes and corn and a few blue moons.
the food was so incredible.
so messy.
so, so good.

the spice level was right on with what the waitress said it would be and wasn't too overwhelming.  she said even the medium is a little spicy so we went with the mild.  my lips were tingly...and i liked it!

the crawfish are a lot of work with not much payoff but it's fun...if you go expecting to get lobster-sized pieces of meat out of a crawfish, well, duh.  it's a crawfish.

the potatoes were great...new potatoes that soak up all the juicy sauce.  same with the corn.  

i can't say enough about this place except that i wish we had found it sooner.  

oh...DON'T go in your fancy club clothes.  you'll leave smelling like garlic and seafood.  
do go expecting to have a good time and an enjoyable meal.
your palate will thank you!
This is my first crawfish experience and I had to work through the whole bag alone because my son and fiancé are not into the whole working for their food idea.  I'd say that it was a fun experience.  My fiancé enjoyed his 1 lb bag of garlic butter shrimp even though he's not a fan of shell on and head on shrimps.  My son loved his Cajun fries and we split another lb of hot n juicy special shrimp and we finished everything.  Wow!  Talk about a fun experience, but I managed to break a nail and poked myself a couple of times, but we'd try it again in the near future.
First, a disclaimer: I moved here from Southern California and my parents still live in Orange County so I probably visit them and a crawfish joint there (Boiling Crab, Claws, etc...) at least every month.

Hot N Juicy has gotten better over the years with their service.  The waiters are very attentive now and you will never experience a crisis of tongue-on-fire and an-empty-drink-in-hand.  The service is consistent and commendable.

However, what they improved in service, they still lack in taste.  Let me digress for a second: the spine of any seafood-in-a-bag formula is the sauce, something that resulted from Vietnamese people living in New Orleans, loving crawfish, Cajun spice, butter, garlic, and more garlic.  The Viet crawfish craze started in Houston, jumped to Westminster, and spread nationwide.  Hot N Juicy is the Las Vegas response to a community that contains a sizable Vietnamese population.  They caught their lucky break from appearing on the Travel Channel.  But they cannot be the representative for the Vietnamese Cajun crawfish subculture.  Which brings me back to sauce: Hot N Juicy's most popular sauce for any seafood in a bag is far behind.  Besides being too watery, it also contains too much garlic (yes, it's possible).  There is having enough garlic to highlight the flavor of the seafood (something Boiling Crab & Claws in Orange County do well) and there is suffocating the flavor with too much garlic.

There is one thing I love here, which are the sweet potato fries, fried to perfection with the right crisp.

I'll go to Hot N Juicy if my Vegas friends crave it; but if it was up to me, I'd ask them to work on improving the sauce, like they have with the service.
Maybe I never come when it's packed but people in LV are sleeping on this place.  Foreal tho.

Although I always seem to get a weird feeling in my head everytime I eat here, I always come back.  Flavor, flavor, flavor!! It's so strong and tasty!  I always get 1lb of shrimp, corn on the cob, half dozen sausage, and maybe a couple potatoe's all in one flavorful juicy bag. And a side order of rice... Or two.  Service is ALRIGHT, they're not on top of their game as opposed to the Boiling Crab in Alhambra, CA.

Beware!! After eating here, your hands, breath and clothes will smell like hot n juicy garlic for days!!  I suggest you ask for gloves and wear clothes you don't wanna wear out that night as it will begin to be smelling like your aunties house who cooks all the time. As for the breath, there's no escaping that.

Don't wear a white shirt either, guaranteed there's gonna be shrimp and crawfish brains splashing everywhere.  The bib they give you is essential.
I love Sundays, besides being "holy". (I am a good girl). As usual, I have my Sunday treat but it was "messy" and "kind-of-getting dirty". I just had to have...aaah, crawfish.  I would say that is the closest I could get myself to transporting my state of mind in my good ole' neighborhood in the South. Since lived there, and having crawfish and alligator meat as Southern fare, crawfish became my last Sunday's dinner. 

The smell of garlic, pepper and spice filled my nostrils upon entering. Windows brought in the early evening light as we walked in this cozy restaurant with its simple dining set-up. Rows of wooden chairs and white plastic-covered tables. Each table had a roll of paper towel. Television perched high up on one wall. Not much talking around, diners were busy.... 

Met by a smiling male waitstaff, and got a seat and table by the wall. Menu was simple in a rectangular paper. I knew what I liked. What else? but crawfish! I yearn for the days I would buy them from a seafood grocer in North Carolina and take it home to steam & boil it in my gigantic steamer-boiler pot. I am great at cooking crawfish. My kitchen has a rollaway spice rack filled with spices, stainless steel cookwares and stainless steel range-oven...I like making seafood and crawfish for myself and whenever I have guests. 

But this time, this restaurant cooks it for me. Order the crawfish or  seafood by the pound..or two...or three...as much you like. Also indicate the type of spice and amount of spiciness. The waitstaff pleasant and helpful about anything unclear about the spiciness. If you care to ask about how to peel off the crawfish meat from the shell, the waitstaff will show you how. But I do know how, so let me say that I am hands-up, thumbs-up delighted when the crawfish I ordered came in a plastic bag inside a bucket. It was pulled out of the bucket and presented to me and my Mom. It was steaming Hot-and-Juicy! just like the restaurant is called. The aroma was invigoratingly intoxicating! But stop! one thing I just have to do. "Cleanliness is next to Godliness" so where else would I go before all this? The bathroom awaits for a good hands cleansing. Did that so fast! Yes, hands where the main activity going in this restaurant. Everyone was just eating away with hands! Diners were busy! By golly, this is a feastful of fun! The crawfish was extrasuperfantastically delicious! Well made, not too dry! There was sauce inside the plastic bag. Spicy, it was especially my request of Louisiana Hot and Spicy Special was definitely the spiciness it supposed to be, just like in the South! Small chunks of garlic and ginger were visible as part of the seasoning. Besides the crawfish, the oysters on their half-ed oyster shells (my favorite!) were large and fresh. With sprinkling of lemon juice and butter sauce gave it the "to-die-for" yumminess. Also, the crab legs (presented steaming in a plastic bag) was remarkably meaty. A side order of corn was drenched with garlic and butter with a little spiciness of Creole seasoning. Oh, corn-soft-ness!

Alas, this is a place for hands-on eating for juicy seafood! My Mom and I was delightfully full and messy. Yes, there were splashes of red on our bibs and table cover from the Creole-Cajun-Louisiana sauce but no cares. The table covers gets trashed by the waitstaff after each table is vacated. There's water in the bathroom, just go wash those hands! But will surely go back for more hot and juicy sea eats!
They Bleed Garlic

We all have our flavor obsessions.  Some of us need lots of salt in a dish, while others tend to follow their sweet tooth.  For those of you who crave garlic, Hot N' Juicy Crawfish is your mecca, you should make your pilgrimage.  

This place is all about one thing, and that is the food.  Generally speaking, you will not use plates or silverware here, just your hands.  The small paper menu features a few items, which can be ordered in a variety of styles.  Tables are topped with a roll of paper towels, and a garbage bag as a table cloth.  Normally I balk at the idea of wearing a gimmicky bib at a restaurant, but when your server brings you a bib, PUT IT ON.  This meal is a hot n' juicy mess.  

Last night we had a pound of the king crab legs cooked "Hot N' Juicy special" style (think chinatown meets the bayou, or Mulan meets The Frog Princess if you're a Disney fanatic)  We also had a pound of crawfish the same way.  

The King Crab Legs ($20 a lb. right now) were huge, meaty, and succulent.  The meat eagerly came out of the shell, as if it was waiting all day for me to eat it. 

We also ordered a pound of the crawfish.  The only issue I had with these tiny dancers was that they're typically out of season this time of year.  The ones brought to the table were small, like the size of a medium shrimp.  They were tasty, but it is a lot of work for what amounts to a mento-sized morsel of meat. 

Be ready to emanate garlic from your pores for a few hours after the meal, but its totally worth the aroma.  This is a great alternative date spot, since it is messy, casual, and reasonably priced.  

Messy + Casual + Reasonably priced = Delicious Fun!
saw this place on food network man vs foods, so my friends and i went and eat there...when we got there the place is pack but we got seated pretty quick....we order some crawfish and shrimp, both of the favor was great!!!!
Need a spicy kick to get over your hangover? well this is the place! outta all of the Cajun southern places, i think this is my fav. Right when I walked into the restaurant, the aroma of homey seafood spices lingers right into my nostrils like music to my ears.

Got seated, ordered the usual craw fish, shrimp, and sweet potato fries but the thing that i really enjoyed was the deep fried catfish with fries, it was mm mmm good salty and crispy with fish meat in the middle. Towards the end of the gruesome shell tearing lies the shrimp and crawfish graveyard on the table. i poured some corona (in my mouth) for the sea critter homies, RIP delicious bunch :)
BITE ME
SUCK ME
This is what to do @ the Hot n Juicy Crawfish...
No Burgers here!
Get the Cray fish in season from Louisiana Fall-Spring
MILD was spicy enough for me.
Unbelievable....
This is the HOLE IN THE WALL place everyone searches for.
Very well known HOLE
Wonderful employees..
Plastic disposable table clothes
GET THIS:
Food is served in a plastic clear bag and you EAT OUT OF THE BAG?
Sounds CRAZY HUH?
I almpost felt homeless?
But, seriously, the food is awesome( I of course had the CRAWFISH)
And the sweet potato
Flavorful, juicy, and aromatic.  It never gets boring when you're eating a pound of seafood with friends.  Although it gets a little messy, I'd say it's a fun social outing to do with friends....now if you're alone, then that's a different story.  I discovered this place a few months after it opened up, and went back every 2 weeks to get it.  I was on the "Hot N Juicy" fever.  You do get a little stench of seafood delight for two days, but it's well worth it to me.  

I usually order:
- 1 lb of Butter Garlic shrimp with 1/2 a dozen sausages, and a potato --- no spice, cause somehow it's still spicy. And shrimp, cause it's more meat.
- Cajun and sweet potato fries (cause I can never chose which one I like best)

Always ask for salt, pepper, and lime for the dipping sauce.  To me, it just makes everything taste better, and save some of the lime for your hands.  It tries to remove the smell, just a little bit.
I LOVE Hot N Juicy Crawfish! 

I like trying new places and rarely go the same place twice, because I'd rather try something new. However, I have been to Hot N Juicy three or four times, which is a lot for me, and I will definitely be back many more times. It's sooo good! 

When my wife and I go we usually get two pounds of crawfish and one pound of shrimp. We get one medium spiciness and two mild. (The medium's pretty hot and the mild is medium spiciness). We also get a basket of the soft shell crab which is delicious. 

The shrimp and crawfish are messy as you have to peel your own and are laden in delicious sauce, so don't wear your Sunday best.
Update from last year. I took some friends with me this time and everything was just as good...hot n juicy! We had a great time and eat ourselves silly! Everyone there seemed to be having a great time. Love it, love it, love it! 

If you're a "seafood pepper head" try Hot & Juicy.
Came here on a Friday night. Place was crowded and lively, but we didn't have to wait longer than 15 minutes. 

2 lbs of shrimp
2lbs of crawfish
Sweet potato fries
2 sides of rice and corn on the cob
4 beers

Total came to less than $80 bucks for 4 people. Not bad! 
Key is to get the rice to catch that yummy, buttery, garlicky sauce!

Would definitely come back next time I'm in town...just not on a first date. ;)
What is this place?!
Hot n Juicy...i think not!

Went there with friends for the first time and being this our first meal of the day of the trip....YELPers and Hot n Juicy totally did not deliver...for shame for shame

Lets begin...
the service - eh its ok, i had better at like a McDonald's but it wasnt like horrible but eh....
the decor - like again...nothing fancy, ive seen better McDonald's, but it was at least together...like there is a theme but it just isnt my cup of tea.

Onto the food - so their menu isnt BIG but its decent
Price was a lil out there but then again...its seafood

I ordered fried calamaris...i know...but i still got something that is seafood
and my friends got the shrimp and clawfish sha-bang.
I tried a shrimp for myself, and ok the sauce was alright...nothing that i would die for if i dont have anymore but eh..im not going to miss it.  My fried calamaris...where are you, i was waiting!  I was expecting fries to come along with it since it said it would but...with a sad face...i didnt get it =(.

My calamaris? how are they you ask? umm...tasteless? is that too harsh, ok...it was very blah and not seasoned and the portion size...it is probably the size of my fists and then some.  Yea not much for 9 bucks...

so my friend's meal...NOT SO PRETTY....the crawfish was big but not fresh...it was black...and i know a thing about seafood or so...and it shouldnt have looked like the way it did....soooo

to just finish the whole thing...it wasnt good, it was a waste of my money and everyone else's....and never again... will i go back
Wednesday- day before Thanksgiving...lunchtime...

Walked in and was seated immediately. The place was not completely packed. There were a few tables open. 

Sat down to a table covered with a plastic sheet. Got handed plastic bibs. Ordered iced teas and they came in styrofoam cups. Looked around and was glad I wasn't wearing anything fancy because I think it would have gotten mighty dirty. Center table is a large roll of paper towels. I loved it already!

You get a paper menu that doesn't lists the different types of seafood you can choose (raw oysters, dungeness crab, blue crab, snow crab legs, king crab legs, shrimp, crawfish). The oysters are $8.99 1/2 dozen, $15.99 for a dozen. So cheap! Everything else is market price. You order your seafood by the pound. They recommended for 2 people, 2 lbs. (for the crawfish at least). We thought...since its our first time...and its called Hot & Juicy Crawfish...we should get crawfish!

You pick the seafood, then pick the type of seasoning (Louisiana Style, Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, Hot n Juicy Special) then Spice Level (mild, medium, spicy, extra spicy). We got Hot n Juicy Special at the spicy level. It came out in a matter of minutes! Comes in a plastic bag and you just dump it out onto the table. We ordered a side of rice. Came in a plastic bowl. Perfect amount for two people. In our pile there was one red potato and one small corn on the cobb. Everything was soooo good. Buttery, garlicky, spicy! I think I will be emanating garlic through my pores for the next week. But man was it tasty! I was licking my fingers every two seconds. I wish I could bottle up their spice sauce and take it home with me. 

Our bill ended up being $31.33 (two iced teas, 2 lbs. crawfish - $21.98, and a side of rice). Perfect sized meal for two people! They close tonight at 8 pm and are closed tomorrow. I am so tempted to go back tonight for dinner...it was THAT good.

PS Adam Richmond from Man vs. Food came here. It's as good as he says it is!
I love this place. Be warned. Wear comfy clothes. And make sure you don't mind having those clothes smell because once you walk out, people from miles away will be able to smell your new perfume "eu de shrimp".

The wait wasn't too bad. The only reason it took a bit longer was because we had a huge party... and that's understandable. 

My order: 1lb of shrimp (hot/juicy special, mild), calamari, and sweet potato fries. The shrimp was extraordinary, while the calamari and sweet potato fries were nothing out of the ordinary. I love the yummy  butter garlicky lemon buttery spicy sauce that they boil those bad boys in. A tip: after taking off the shell, pinch the shrimp meat so that it flattens out a bit and then take it on a dunk in the sauce. Believe me, it helps to sop up that sauce! 

The fries needed a bit more salt but it was good and crunchy! The calamari was great. Needed a bit more uniqueness to it but all in all, it was tasty.

Would I go here again? Hell yesssss!!! Bring on the bib baby!
In Vegas till Monday. Tried Hot N Juicy Wednesday. Fast forward to Saturday (today). Couldn't help myself and had to go back one more time before going back to San Diego.

Arrived at 6:13 pm on a Saturday night. Was told the wait would be 20-30 minutes. It was a 35 minute wait. THe place was packed before we even got there and was still packed when we left. I can understand why. I see now how lucky we were on Wednesday to walk in and immediately get seated.

After Wednesday's experience we decided to downgrade one level of spicy. We chose Medium. I was worried it wouldn't be spicy enough. Let's review the spice levels:

Mild
Medium
Spicy
Extra Spicy

We had Spicy on Wednesday. My face was swollen for a few hours after, tongue burning, and belly was on fire. Don't get me wrong, this is by no means a complaint, it was the type of burn that hurts oh so good.

Saturday: Medium is barely a step below spicy in terms of spicy-ness. Lips were still burning but I didn't leave with my face as swollen. Tonight we ordered 1 lb. shrimp (came with heads on!!! major plus!) with an extra corn and potato and 1/2 dozen sausage. I didn't care too much for the sausage. Thought it was going to come on the side but it was cooked into the shrimp. Two bowls of rice. Two sodas. Bill was $37. Shrimp was $10.99 lb. Same price as the crawfish but way more bang for your buck. I think I may stick with the shrimp from now on. So much easier to eat and so much more to eat in every lb.

The 35 minute wait was completely worth it. Service was amazing and never felt rushed despite the plethora of folks waiting to be seated. I've never happily waited anywhere near that long for food before. I'd do it again too. It's just that good. What a fitting name for a restaurant: Hot N Juicy Crawfish. Perfect description of what you get! I will be dreaming of you Hot N Juicy until we meet again!
I've been a frequent patron of this very busy little joint even before it became famous from that show on the food channel.  Since then every time we go here it's at least 20-40 minute wait unless you get there before 5:30 pm.  I hate waiting and usually would not wait for anything...................... except for this darn hot n juicy crawfish!!  The minute you peel off the head and suck the tamale off the shell you remember why you wait 40 minutes to be seated (the waiting area is standing along the wall), drink off of styrofoam cups and plates and pay $10 a pound (I eat minimum of 5lbs).  Sounds like I'm bitching, but it's soooo damn good you forget about all the "little" inconvenience and just saviour the succulent crawfish.  Prepare yourself if you don't like spicy food.  Just a little advice and make sure you ask  for mild if you like medium in a Thai restaurant.
Any place where I need to wear a bib, is an instant favorite! Ok, I've been to Boiling Crab and other comparable places many times and all had their similarities and differences. Some people like the flavoring at BC and others like it at this place or that. etc... 

So back to Hot n Juicy. We came here when it just opened for lunch (we knew about the crowds during lunch and dinner), we sat immediately and I ordered crawfish and shrimp both with med hot and juicy special. And you know what... i liked it. The crawfish was cooked right (not over cooked which i've gotten at other establishments) and there were different sizes of crawfish. a few really large ones to. the shrimp was equally tasty. With a side of salt, pepper and lime juice... oh my. I have my routines.

I also ordered the corn, sausage and cajun fries. Got a couple of Coronas to wash it down with and I was happy. 

Ok, I wasn't really hungry.... ;) jk.

Service was friendly and attentive as well as attractive. Dining area is a decent size and i can see it getting a little cramp'd when it's a full house. Has a local dive feel. Don't expect gourmet here.

Sorry to hear about other's bad experiences at this place, as it was a good one for my friends and I. I look forward to going back and right when it opens for lunch. :) If you've never been, give it a try. Enjoy! :)
Hot n Juicy is crap!!!  I can't imagine why it has four stars and why people are comparing it's goodness to boiling crab!  This place doesn't even come close to BC, and I'm not just referring to the food.  First of all, there's nothing hot n juicy about the food they serve!  The sauce is so boring!!! it lacks so much flavor and is freaking watery.  It seems like the shrimp was cooked, steamed, then tossed in the bag along with the sauce.  If this is how they do it, they're missing out on some major flavor absorption within the shrimp!  Not to compare it to boiling crab, but you can tell BC lets their shrimp stew in the sauce because every piece is saturated with it's yumminess.

Anyway, that's all I've bothered trying here.  To make things worse their prices are a tad bit more expensive and definitely not worth paying for watered down shrimp in a bag.  Moreover, they do not use fine ground pepper!  Ugh, who wants to have big ass chunks of ground pepper on their shrimp??!! How hard is it to invest in FINE ground pepper??  Yes, it's that important and yes, it makes a difference in taste.

All food aside, the decor of this place sucks too!  They have these tacky posters of all this French stuff.. Why???!? of all places would you have these hanging at a restaurant that is totally irrelevant to the type of food being served?!  Also, I think the pictures of people on one side of the wall looks weird.  Whatever, I gave this place a try every time I  had my sporadic craving of BC (twice).  Will I try again?? I'll probably just wait til I'm back in the bay to satisfy my hunger because hot n juicy ain't hot or juicy enough for me.

Btw. Service is just alright.  Nothing major and nothing to make note of.  Oh, and if you pay with cash I believe you get 10% off your check.
I've never eaten in the restaurant, i always get it "to go".. stinks up my whole house, but its SOOOO GOOD :)  I always get the shrimp, its a little overcooked.. but good nonetheless. I've tried the crawfish..yummy, but just not patient enough to get to the tiny little bit of meat inside, haha. But overall, I LOVE THIS PLACE! Be warned though, I eat a lot of spicy food, but their "medium" here, is actually quite hot to me. Still good though! You get like 3% off if you pay cash, or something like that.
Food was decent. Service was terrible. This was my 2nd visit. Defienetely not the same experince. They got our food order wrong and didn't want to take it back. There goes 40 dollars down the drain. If you've been there, u know the routine. Crab decorated bibs and the option of gloves. Didn't get any of that. No refills on drinks until we asked for it. Theywerent even busy. No wait to get in so no excuse for bad service.
I've tried the boiling crab in San Jose ca, but this place is much better (Man vs. Food discovery) the favors are balanced and the staff is very friendly but keep reminding them if your missing an order. It gets busy on their hands. I like to order a corn on the side with melted butter, that way I could dip my shrimp or crawfish into it (satisfying my craves)
I've been to this place about three times and I'm still not tired of it! I have also been to the boiling crab in san jose, california but it does not compare to our louisiana style crawfish! If you do not like breaking the shells of the crawfish, shrimps are the way to go! There are also various seasoned flavors that the shrimps or crawfish are cooked in, but be prepared to taste a little spice! Oh! Another tip, be prepared to wait. Sometimes the waiting list is about an hour!! But you'll enjoy it overall. It is one thing everyone must experience! You get hot n juicy bibs and you also can get down and dirty with your hands, so you can choose to wear gloves. If you also like rice with your seafood, a bowl of rice is $2.
had a TOOOOOTALLY fun time with the hubs a few nights ago. 

Opted for the crawfish, since it's in the name.  While tasty (and ZOMG spicy for real) they were an awful lot of work so we ordered a lb. of shrimp too.  Head on, just how i like 'em - suck those juicy brains out!!!  

They have oysters too, which I normally love but am a little nervous about in a place with bibs and food served in plastic bags so we passed.  

Service was a tad surly and super um 'efficient' which I frankly quite enjoy (I'm from New York originally).  Bill after 4 beers and 3 lbs. of awesome seafood?  something in the realm of 40 bucks .  

Absolutely sweat garlic for 24 hours and was totally worth it. 

Will be back and keep poking around with other sauces and seafood combinations.  

winner.
Best food in Vegas, don't wear white.
Saw this place on Man Vs Food and definitely wanted to try this place out. I've gone to Boiling Crab in San Jose, CA and this place blows them out of the water, HANDS DOWN!!! I came out on a WED night and it wasn't packed. I wonder how it is on the weekends. The Staff is nice and the place is great for a group of friends. I recommend sharing food as most items on the list is served in pounds. *WATCH OUT* the sauce is *HOT* I love spicy food so I order the MEDUIM and even that was a little to HOT for me!!! The sauce is one of the best and most flavorful I've had. If you've gone to other places, you gotta try this place out!!!

Cajun Fries: A
Sausage: A
HotNJuicy Special Sauce: A 
Medium Spice Level: (HOT!!!)
King Crab Legs: A
Snow Crab: B
Crawfish: C (NOT IN SEASON)
Shrimp: B
I'm sure this place is always compared to the boiling crab. 

OK, OK excited that there is no line able to be seated and the staff very friendly. Option to ask for gloves for the mess that one shall endure. 

By comparison, The whole shabang reigns flavor. Hot n Juicy sauce, Mmm more of a garlic taste. I had a lb of Shrimp which was overcooked, and corn which was deflated... the bite had no squirt, no corn juice! 

Would I be back? ...Yes! Different place, different taste.
SOOOOOO DELICIOUS!!!!!! I love love love how affordable it is too! Ordered two pounds of crawfish, one order fried shrimp, cajun fries and fried catfish, all for four people, and it was definitely enough. I'm not sure if that's because I drank so much water that I became full. However, I love their sauce, you MUST go for their specialty! Really good asian blend of spices mixed with new orleans yummyness. I do have to admit that maybe about 10+ crawfishes in my tongue and mouth started to burn, but that wasn't going to make me stop eating!

Ok i have to admit that the crawfishes are a bit tiny, but the best part of it all is that you're suppose to suck it all. Not just eat the meat, but the brains/roes. For real! The corn was delicious after it absorbed all the flavor and it was so juicy!

Fried shrimp great, so was the catfish. I'm not sure what batter they use, but it's amazing. Nice and crusty and oh sooo full of flavor! I like how the shrimp was butterflied open, and the catfish was so juicy inside. Not overdone at all. Complaint was the cajun fries...not enough cajun seasoning. 

I'm definitely having more cravings....I want some NOW! Will they deliver to CA? That would be GREAT!
Ever since we saw this place on Man v Food, we've been stopping in when we're in town. The crawfish are too much work for the meat you get but we love the shrimp, crab & sausage. The corn & potatoes are great soaked in the spicy sauce! Get here in the early afternoon to avoid the lines...
if i were to die tomorrow, i would be down to have this as my last meal. the king crab legs are delicious. the oysters are fresh. the only thing i could complain about is service. the times i went it wasn't really THAT busy, but we needed to, for real, track our waitress down to refills. 

my suggestion for going is to go early afternoon, and before 6 because after 7ish it gets packed, and there is a little bit of a wait. and make sure to come dressed pretty casual, and make plans to shower after cuz you're gonna smell.
When was my last review of this place? 3/7/2008?!?! uh...wow...

Despite the long...LONG delay in returning there's one thing about hot and juicy i will never forget since the first time my brother took me there. START WITH MILD!!! I still remember the flash genocide of thousands of my taste buds when i took that first bite.

Service was great. Our server started off by informing us that because it's near the end of the mud bug's cycle the average size of the crawfish were smaller then usual. This saved a lot of grief and looks of WTH?! when the bags came. A majority of us where fine with the shrimp.

All and all an excellent night filled with laughter being exchanged between friends, shrimp and crawfish shells all over the table and everyone's garlic breath in the air.

Unless Hot N Juicy finds a way to breed and farm crawfish to provide large mud bugs year long there's no way this place can improve on what it's already got going.

Additional note it's every entertaining seeing female diners wearing stylish 'going out' clothes and that plastic bib with large lobster squeezing a lemon trying to save them a dry cleaning bill. LoL
I love hot n juicy! The first time i came here me and the bf were seated right away, unlike the 3+ hour waits at Boiling Crab in LA. The prices weren't at all bad and they are pretty quick service-wise. Their sauce is spicy even for the mild, but still finger licking good! I would rather choose Boiling crab's sauce over Hot N Juicy's, but overall Hot N juicy's got my vote. Faster seating, quick service, good prices, and FREE water?? Yeah of course i'd pick Hot N Juicy! 

My only complaint about this place is that they kind of over cook the shrimp so it makes it a little harder to peel off the shell.
Must try for sure!  I didn't even know about this place til after I moved from LV!   It is definitely good food.  The wait staff was communicative with how small the crawfish were since it's 'off season' but it was still good!!
Love this place!  Wish there was one in the bay!
I don't see what the big deal is about this place.

Yes, the corn is overcooked and not plump.

Yes, the sauce does taste watered-down.

Just a fun thing to do when in Vegas, I suppose.

I do think the fried catfish was tasty, though.

Ordered: 1 lb frozen craw fish (not in season anyway so who cares), 1 lb shrimp, catfish basket, and 2 corn.
WOW!!! Love this place!! I serve in a local restaurant and actually tell my customers about this place. My daughter and I try to go at least once a week! Not only is the crawfish fabulous but they have the freshest oysters i have ever eaten! Always happy and unpretentious servers that are attentive, always keeping my drink filled. I will keep wrestling with the dilemma of spreading the word of this place but afraid that too many people that know about it will ruin it. Last time i was there i overheard a couple of ignorant patrons complaining, obviously they have no idea what good taste is. Can't fix unsophisticated taste palates. Let them eat elsewhere, perhaps a hamburger chain. We will continue to patronize as long as they are open!!!
After seeing this on Man Vs. Food, I knew I had to try this place during my recent visit to Las Vegas.

Located not far from the strip, in China town area, this place serves great crawfish spiced to your preference (i.e. w/ corn, sausages, extra spicy, etc.)! A well shelf'd bar fits well given the amount of crawfish that was devoured!

Service was great/friendly, but beware, this joint can get packed during dinner. We got lucky and stopped by during lunch time (twice) during our stay.
After much anticipation I finally made my way down to HnJ this last week with some girlfriends and we had a blast!

Pros:
1) Awesome service - our waitress was so friendly and even showed us how to eat the crawfish
2) Price- for all three of us only set us back $50 and we were stuffed!
3) Its cool to eat somewhere that was featured on the Food Network people!

Cons:
1) Did not fall madly in love with crawfish...but did like it. I guess we all preferred the shrimp....still it was fun.
2) Mild is still spicey! Be aware that the regular is spicy. I eat like a spice virgin soooooo kinda my own fault. 
( neither con is really anything wrong with them....just preferences..)

Overall it was a great experience and I would go back again! Maybe on my next Hot n Juicy Date :) LOL
Boiling Crab is nothing compared to Hot N' Juicy!  It's just something about their finger lickin' good seasonings.  I highly recommend the hot n' juicy special sauce on the side. Also, the shrimp / crab boil is better than the crawfish when it is out of season.
Las Vegas is Sin City for a reason; it celebrates the seven deadly sins. In Vegas, your greatest weakness or vice becomes the source of all your pleasures. We were ready to give into our carnal desires and get down and dirty, indulging our voracious, gluttonous appetites. We wanted to get stuffed with something Hot N Juicy. 

Hot N Juicy is known for their seafood: crab (Dungeness, blue, snow), shrimp, and of course, crawfish. You pick the type of seasoning (Juicy Cajun, garlic butter, lemon pepper or the Hot n Juicy Special) and the level of spiciness (mild, medium, spicy or extra spicy). 

We ordered 2 lbs of snow crab legs and 2 lbs of crawfish with Juicy Cajun at medium, 2 pieces of corn, 2 red potatoes, etouffee (a Cajun seafood stew, similar to gumbo), and a side of sweet potato fries. Eating at Hot N Juicy is not an elegant refine affair. It's messy work because they dump a plastic bag of whatever seafood you ordered and you're only protection is the plastic table covering and a plastic bib. You open the bag and dig in.

The crab meat was very sweet and juicy. It was perfectly cooked. I found that the spiciness of the food depended on the type of seafood because the seasoning is on the outside of the shell. The meat isn't spicy unless you soak it in the sauce first. I found the level of spiciness in the crawfish much higher because the tail meat was much smaller and there was more shell around it, unlike the crab meat where I could pull out large pieces of meat out of the shell. Also I got more spicy sauce from the crawfish because I sucked crawfish heads. After a while my lips got tingly and numb from the Cajun spices. 

I've never had crawfish whole before. I only had them de-shelled. While I love crawfish and the meat was great, I'll never have them whole like that again. The tail meat is rather tiny (I like 'em big -- size matters when it comes to these things). At the end, we looked at the mountain of shell and agreed that it was more work than it was worth. Crawfish is mostly shell and I'd rather pay someone to shell them for me.

Etouffee was a spicy rice seafood stew. I liked the flavor and the level of spice was just perfect for me. I thought the rice was a tad overcooked and mushy from just sitting in a pot all day, but in general it was enjoyable.

The boiled red potatoes were much needed as a break from the relentless Cajun spice. They were nice and sweet. The corn is out of season, so not as sweet and juicy as in the summer, but still tasty. The sweet potato fries were crispy and tasty.

The final price for all of us was $30/person for three people. We gorged ourselves on great seafood and left utterly satiated. Happy ending for us indeed.

What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. But this is one of the few times where you wish you could get crabs and bring them home with you.
Honestly, if I have never been to the Boiling Crab in San Jose this would have easily been a 5 star rating for me.  I just love the atmosphere of the whole place..from the garlic smell (that follows you through your clothing for the rest of your day by the way) to the get-down-and-dirty style.  Some things just taste better eating with your hands and this is one of those occasions.  Seating did not take very long and our server was very friendly and helpful.  He explained the system to us and forewarned us that even mild has a kick to it since it is a Cajun restaurant.  My lips were burning by the end of my meal with mild, so if you don't like spicy food, do not come here!

We ordered snow crab legs since the blue crab and the dungeness crab were out (that was upsetting).  We got it with the Hot n Juicy seasoning, which the server explained did not mean it was spicy, but was a combination of all the other sauces.  It comes in a plastic bag, so we put on our plastic bibs and dug in!  It was delicious...the crab was meaty and the seasoning was just right.  Just thinking about the taste right now makes my mouth water.  We also ordered the sweet potato fries.  Maybe you would have better luck, but if you want my honest advice, do not order those!  They were soggy and gross.

This is a must try if you have never experienced anything like this.  I would definitely come here again.  Do not wear nice clothes here if you plan to go clubbing afterwards, keep an open mind, and enjoy!
Went here in late October with my mother and grandmother.  Parking was a bit scarce, and the place crowded, but we were seated quite quickly.  Tables were simple and covered with wax paper, which is expected since eating crawfish tends to get messy (they do give you bibs, but you shouldn't go in wearing your best and most expensive clothes).

We ordered two pounds of crawfish and an order of fried catfish.  Prices of the shellfish are market value, so you have to ask the wait staff (when we went, the price of crawfish was approximately $10 per pound.)  You then choose the type of seasoning you want for your crawfish and how spicy you want it.  We went with the Hot N Juicy special seasoning and Hot heat level, which was very delicious.  The Catfish was decent, but nothing special.  When you come here, stick with the shellfish.  

I recommend this place.  Be sure to get here early, as it isn't a big place and fills fast, and expect it to be messy and fun!
I came here two years ago when on leave from Iraq.  Loved it.  And then after I came back from Iraq I was pleasantly surprised to see Man vs. Food come and eat here!  Good for them (both the show and the restaurant!).  

Coming for CES I wanted to come back here.  Came on a Friday night and the place was packed.  Had to wait 30 minutes.  

When they sat me down, the menu looked identical to what it was 2 years ago.  They told me because of the new opening of a 2nd Hot 'N Juicy in Washington (D.C. or state?) the shrimp was buy one and get one free.  Sure, why not?  So I ordered 1 lb of crawdad, 1 lb of crab legs and 1 lb of shrimp which turned into 2 lbs of shrimp.  

Got the Hot 'N Juicy flavor which is a combination of all their flavors together.  You get four different flavors to choose from (check the website's menu) or you can just combine them all.  So I did this and asked for extra garlic.  And I emphasized a lot of garlic.  And I chose medium as to how spicy.  I remember the 1st time I went I ordered either the spicey or extra spicey and after 2 lbs of crawdad my mouth and innards were burning.  So I decided on medium this time.

The tables you sit down at are covered with a plastic sheet.  You get a bib to eat all your food with also.  The food comes out in a plastic bag that holds your food and the juice of whatever flavor you chose.  While eating your food, you crack and open whatever it is you're eating directly on the table.  After you're down, the waiters just come and wrap up the entire thing with that plastic sheet and voila!  A brand new clean table is ready.  I thought this was so cool the 1st time I came here so I made a complete mess of myself and the table.

Food came out and I started to chow down.  There was a ton of garlic in my bags, it was outstanding.  They forgot my bib and half-way through my 1st bag I asked for my bib.  One of the waitresses actually tied it around my neck for me 'cause my hands were already all messy.  I laughed as she tied it for me!  That's service!

Food was even better than I last remembered.  Shrimp was completely on point being moderate to big sized.  Choose snow crab for my legs and they were great.  And of course the crawdad was excellent.  After 4 lbs of food the spices got to me again.  Will have to go with mild sauce next time-sigh, I'm just getting old and can't quite handle my spicy foods like I use to.

So overall Hot 'N Juicy actually improved since I last came here-amazing.  A definite have to visit if you love crawdad.
I can honestly admit I'm a lazy person when it comes to eating. Cutting a piece of meat with a knife and/or fork/spoon (when I'm even lazier) is probably the most strenuous work I'll tolerate. Using my fork or spoon is enough, isn't it?

The ONLY, I repeat ONLY, food I'll take time to carefully work at and eat is shellfish...specifically crab, lobster and crawfish. Unfortunately, being located in the Tri State area, there is a lack of crawfish which saddens me. Since I was in town for work I jumped at the opportunity to eat one of my favorite shellfish friends...crawfish!

After leaving the CES convention center, my colleagues and I hailed a taxi* and requested to go to Hot N Juicy located in Chinatown. A split second later, we realized Hot N Juicy sounded like a strip club so we joked around with the taxi driver and insisted it wasn't a peep show. We were going to that AFTER we ate.

My colleagues didn't know it but I was giggling like a little school girl when we arrived. Unfortunately for them, they aren't as adventurous when it comes to food so they ordered calamari, chicken wings and fries which they enjoyed.

Our waiter was extremely informative, briefly describing to us (mostly me) how to order the seafood (per pound), by seasoning and spiciness. Since I've been to Boiling Crab I already knew what I wanted...2 lbs of garlic butter crawfish with medium heat. The garlic butter seasoning is SO mouth wateringly good that I could drink it as a side (not recommended though). They serve the seafood in plastic bags with bibs and paper towels. This is the messiest meal you will ever eat but so worth it. I was in business attire but was able to leave without any stains!

As I twisted and separated the head and tail, sucked the head and pushed out the meat from the tail...my colleagues looked at me in complete disgust like I was a monster. Did I feel bad? Not at all. I easily finished the 2 lbs of crawfish like a true fatty. I ordered medium heat but my mouth was on fire pretty much the entire time I was eating so to counteract the heat, I took big swigs of beer which helped. 

The seafood pricing on the menu says market price so be sure to ask the waiter beforehand. The crawfish was about $10 per pound. Currently, they're having a BOGO shrimp special because they opened up another Hot N Juicy location in Washington, DC. Do I hear a road trip?

My next visit will showcase their blue crab legs. If you're ever in Vegas or DC, I would highly recommend coming here if you're a seafood lover and don't mind getting messy. It's a freakin' dream.

A fun tip, Hot N Juicy was on Man vs. Food.

------------------------------------

*In Las Vegas, taxis aren't allowed to pick up passengers on streets like NYC. They have to pull into a parking lot, hotel, restaurant, etc.
Gotta Love H&J !! Spices to die for!! Crab to Lust for.. Def one of my favorite places to eat in vegas! 
PS dont go here if you have somewhere to be later in the day.. you will smell like spices.. and seafood.. and deliciousness!!
Call me crazy, but I can't help but be a little disappointed. Ordered a pound of shrimp, mild with the special seasoning, and some sweet potato fries to take back to the hotel. Mild my a**! I had to have a drink after every few pieces of shrimp. Eventually the garlic from the seasoning started to get too intense. Took a slight break (Oh you know, head over to Aria to grab a Four Loko and back.) before finally finishing up the bag. The fries were a tad soggy, even though they had poked holes through the container to let the steam escape. My room could have been mistaken for another Hot N Juicy location because it sure smelled like it once I was finished. I'll give myself some redemption and actually eat inside the restaurant next time.
This is will be one of my go to places in Vegas from now on.
One sentence sums up this place: 

Juicy plump shrimp with spicy hot and juicy sauce with cajun fries!!!!
I've always seen this place but I never bothered to stop by. It was after I went to the Boiling Crab in Cali did I finally decide to come here. 

It's not nearly as good as the Boiling Crab, IMO. I ordered one pound of shrimp (they don't do half a pound like BC) in spicy Cajun, mild. It was the sauce that wasn't really good. Hence why I liked BC's more. 

My friends all got different flavors. The Hot N Juicy special tasted like Cajun to me. I did really like the lemon pepper, though. I'll probably get that next time. 

We got sweet potato and cajun fries. Sweet potato was okay, but I preferred the Cajun fries. They were yummy. 

All in all, it wasn't that bad. I would come back in the future. :)
first off the food here isn't bad but I prefer Boiling Crab on Decatur. i've been there twice in the past month and have to say that the service is terrible. the waitress' perform as if this is their first job waitressing and are still learning. one was actually rude when taking my order cause she couldn't understand what i wanted. maybe i was being unclear but come on. I will just have to expect the poor service. this place is well over rated.
Service Good
Flavor of sauce Good... kinda reminds me of Boiling Crab in San Jose, Ca though tastes better 
Didn't get to try Fresh Crawfish ... called and was told there was fresh get there 5 minutes later no more left  BLAH

Will rate it higher when i go back and get to try out the FRESH craw until then ... everything else was good... ooo

THE SAUSAGES TASTE GOOD
We heard about this place Spring of 2010 and finally went January 2011 when I was in the mood for some mud-bugs! 
We moved to Las Vegas from Louisiana. We only lived in Louisiana for 2 1/2 years but that's long enough to know about some good southern food! 
My husband and I got the same thing; 2 pounds of Crawfish with Spicy Cajun (Louisiana Style, Garlic Butter and Lemon Pepper) flavoring with medium spice level. I myself noticed the spice level in the corn since we had the corn and potato added to the bag's of Crawfish. Medium was even spicier than what we ever had in Louisiana, but the waiter did inform us to go down a level of what we were used to. 
The Crawfish was pretty good all in all. My husband and I both only had about 5 good sized Crawfish in each of our bags, maybe since it's off season. So that was a disappointment. I wish that they would clean the the Crawfish before they cook them. It's not fun looking at a Crawfish that looks like it still has dirt and sand on it.....ya ya ya I know their called mud-bugs but still. I know that would take some time for them to do but it just looks better. Your going to a Crawfish joint not a Chinese Buffet with Crawfish. 
It was kinda pricey since we're used to paying a couple bucks a sack in Louisiana, granted here they are the ones taking the time to boil them. During off season with live Crawfish (the waiter said some night's they're frozen) it worked out to be about $10-$11per pound. (On the menu for Crawfish it does say market price, the waiter said during season it might be about $8 per pound) They don't have a kids menu so we had to pay $7.50 for our 3 year old daughter to get a chicken nugget's and fries basket. For all 3 of us we got a total of 4lbs. Crawfish, 2 extra corn's, chicken and fries basket, 1 soda and 2 water's and our bill was $65.00 before tip. We will try to get back before we move out of state this summer but we are also planning on having some shipped in from Louisiana and doing our own Crawfish boil so we'll see. If we were staying here in Vegas I'm sure we would go back. 

I
Hot n juicy is just as good as boiling crab in San Jose, minus the 3+ hour wait, which is why it gets 5 stars. We had 1lb of crawfish (spicy) and shrimp (medium) 10.99 each. The hot n juicy special sauce is thick, garlicy & very flavorful. I looove spicy food, so if u can take spiciness go for the Spicy/ medium.
Disclaimer: I am a boiling crab fan. I will try to leave out the comparisons... keyword is try.

Here we are in Vegas... We stumble upon hot & juicy. Of course our first thought was whole shabang?!? In Vegas?!? What could be better. Sadly to say it is not. 

We beat the rush so we were seated right away. I was curious about lousiana style which now I'm thinkin is plain....? My friend got the hot & juicy special. For both of us it was lacking, we like our food drenched with flavorful sauce. If ur a dry food kinda person you'll probably like it. I thought the shrimps were good... had leftover seafood taste tho.
We actually liked our corn it was pretty sweet. I order a side of extra sauce which could have saved the whole situation except it had this weird plastic taste in it.

The service was good. They were attentive.  

Overall. It was ok. Quality of the shrimp & corn *thumbs up* The sauce *thumbs down*
Love it.  My friend and I had two pounds crawfish and a pound of shrimp plus corn on the cobs.  I was sweating like crazy.  It was very good.  We tried the Lemon Pepper and spicy hot mild on the crawfish.  The shrimp was medium spicy hot.  

The staff were awesome too.  Very friendly atmosphere.  Thanks! We will be back!
This place is awesome!

We had 2 lbs of snow crab and a pound of Alaskan King.  Some rice and a Diet Coke later our tab was only $70 including

Service was very friendly.

I'm a big fan
Spicy and delicious, this place delivers! Next time I'm in Vegas Ill be back. Don't get too excited about the Man vs. Food thing though this place has it's own character.
MmMm! Hot and Juicy Crawfish is so delicious! Just recently I tried their lemon pepper seasoning for the crab, their garlic and butter for the shrimp and of course their Cajun seasoning for the crawfish and will do exactly that the next time! Everything had so much flavor, the corn on the cob and potatoes work perfectly and are great for soaking up all the juices! 
Just be warned... You wont smell that great for awhile! We learned the first time and now take it to go :)
Gooooo, if you're in Vegas!  You won't be disappointed.  Large tables, covered for your enjoyment.  Go nuts with the seafood and crawfish.
I have been here many times and usually get the shrimp.  This time I got crawfish and I kick myself for doing it.  The crawfish were so small and soft that they were a pain in the butt to eat.  A few were so small that I just ate the whole thing shell and all.  It was like eating a soft shelled crab.  Oh well, live and learn.  No more crawfish for me, I'll stick to the shrimp.
Fantastic idea.  Crawfish, shrimp, crab, etc with a variety of sauces, served in a .....plastic bag?

Because they put the sauce and the seafood in a plastic bag and cook the whole thing, the seafood stays moist and the flavors of the seafood and the sauce all blend toegther.  And don't let that extra sauce go to waste, eat it with rice or bread, it's wonderful.
Hit this place up for a quick bite after a day of snowboarding. 1lb Shrimp with Spicy Hot n Juicy sauce. Awesome!!!
Absolutely delicious! Make sure you have ample time to eat as they are really busy most nights.
Be warned, you must love garlic and spicy food, otherwise, why bother coming here.  I'm a bigger fan of the peel and eat shrimp than I am of the crawfish, but both are really good.  I'm a huge fan of the house sauce, which is pretty much a mix of all the other sauces.  There can be quite a wait at dinner time, so plan accordingly.  They also have a really good sausage side/appetizer, and their soft-shell crab when they have it is mighty good too.  I've been here several times and always leave full, happy, and reeking of garlic.
This place was so good that we went twice on our trip to Vegas -- the day after we got there and the day we left.

The crawfish were pretty small when I ordered them (the waitress told us they would be) but they were succulent and sweet and more or less worth it. The shrimp and crab legs were better though. I liked the hot n juicy special medium (which was super spicy the first time I came and milder the second time) and my boyfriend was a big fan of the lemon pepper mild. Sweet potato fries were awesome as well. The cajun fries were a bit spicy which would have been okay but my mouth was already burning from the seafood. Beers are cheap.

Definitely a fun eating experience as well. I would recommend the trip if you are in Vegas.
Great food, but couple of pointers.

1. You will stink, for a while. I can still smell garlic (probably coming out of my pores) a day later. So you probably don't want to take a date here.

2. King crab legs are good, but the shell is actually very soft, so that makes it very hard to break the shell to get to the meat.

3. If you order 2 pounds of crawfish, expect to get less... because we had quite a few tiny crawfish in our bag.
This place is amazing.  I've been wanting to come here for quite some time.

1 - THEY HAVE GLOVES!  YOU MAY ASK FOR GLOVES AND THEY WILL GIVE THEM TO YOU.  Then you won't smell.
I saw this spot on man v. food and thought I'd give it a try when i'm in town.  It smelled delicious when we walked in and reminded me of home.  I missed crawfish so much I made it a mission to visit this place.  They had a variety of flavors to choose from and there are other seafood items on the menu as well.  My favorite was the garlic butter crawfish I just wish I heeded the reviews and ordered the mild instead of the medium spicy.  I feel like I would've enjoyed the flavor more because it was burning my mouth.  Everything was good but because I'm from the south it doesn't quite compare.  I'd give this place 3 1/2 stars.
Sooooooooo goood!!!!!
i try to make it here every time i'm in vegas.  well worth getting out of the strip for this.
I'm getting hot n juicy reminiscing about the shrimp in butter garlic sauce. When you're tempted, just remember that it's not socially acceptable to feast on shrimp on the full flight home.
Went here for my first time about 3 weeks ago w/ a friend.  Ordered 1-lb shrimp and 2-lbs crawfish, both w/ hot n juicy seasoning spice level medium.  I totally thought I'd be able to hang w/ the medium, in fact, I wanted to go w/ spicy but the waitress warned me so I trusted her.  OMG!  The medium made my nose run and scalp itch!!!!  SPICE-EHHHH!! But between the two of us, we finished all of our food. LOL!  

I am now officially a fan of this place!  I loved it so much that I came in to order a pound of shrimp to go all for myself!  (This time I was smart enough to go easy and just go w/ the mild!)  I do suggest going there right when they open at 12pm because right after that, the wait can get pretty long!
So I saw this place on the Man vs. Food so I had to try it when I went to Vegas with my Family. The place was cute. Lots of pictures of past customers. Some familiar faces on the wall. We ordered the crawfish and King crab.. The flavor was mediocre.. like many of the other crawfish restaurants I've been to but the king crab was delicious. A little over price though.
Being a HUGE fan of Boiling Crab, it was only natural that I had to try this place out. We ordered 2 lbs of the shrimp with corn, mild spices (I'm a big pansy when it comes to spicy foods) with the garlic butter seasoning and it was DELICIOUS. 2 lbs between three was just the right amount and the mild was the right amount of spice for me. Maybe next time, I'll be more ballsy and try the medium. Thankfully, we got there relatively early, around 5 pm, so we only had to wait a few minutes. It was a great experience and it definitely does not hurt that the beer was cheap too!
It's sad, especially when you consider that Vegas is one of the best "foodie" places in the world, that you find a place like this where there is so much potential that is simply waisted. 

The crayfish, at an appalling $11 per pound, are an absolute joke - pathetically tiny and completely overwhelmed by their signature "Hot And Juicy" sauce so much so that you can not even taste the minuscule portion you manage to pry from its tail. Don't even bother sucking out the head, you might as well just poke a hole in the bag they serve them to you in and drink away. 

There are many things this place does that are very cool, and obviously people are coming in the doors, but one gets the impression that no one in management cares if you like their food or not.
LOVED IT!

We asked our waitress to recommend a seasoning, since there were a few options. She recommended the lemon pepper, and I'm glad we followed her advice. We got both shrimp and crawfish, one with the hot 'n' juicy, and one with the lemon pepper. 

The crawfish were incredible. The meat was sweet, with a bit of a floral fragrant aftertaste. I have a friend who swears by crawfish, but I didn't know why until now. We could also de-vein the crawfish just by tugging on the tail of the shell after breaking off the head. I had no idea that was possible, and call me odd but it added an element of fun to the experience. The shells were also thinner than I've previously experienced - I just wanted to crunch into them after carnally tearing off the heads. Talk about bringing out my inner beast.

They give you salt and pepper for dip, and also some lime/lemon. Tip from my boyfriend: instead of using just a sprinkling, ask for a ton of limes/lemons, and fill one of the little containers with the juice. Then, load it with the salt and pepper. It gives you a flavor option besides the spicy, buttery sauce, and kinda cuts through the grease. That way, you can endlessly rotate between pungent and rich, and citrusy sweet.

The waitress also wrote "Thank You" on our receipt. A great, friendly touch. I'll be coming back here whenever I'm in Vegas.
This place was amazing! W stopped by on our drive back from Colorado and its only 5 minutes from the I-15, so it was a quick stop. 

It did take a few minutes to be seated and get our order in, but they were understaffed and were all busting their butts to clean tables and get food out. Once we got our food in, it only took 10 minutes for it to hit our table. 

I order the shrimp with Juicy Cajun Sauce and a corn and potato. The shrimp was huge and delious. My bf ordered the crayfish and they were really small and disappointing. He got the Hot and Juicy sauce, which was way better then my sauce. Overall, I would push the shrimp over the crayfish, but it was a fun eating experience and I can't wait to go there again the next time I am in Las Vegas!
We miss this place!! When we lived in Las Vegas we took all our visitors who love seafood to this spot! They all loved it.
The people are friendly and the food is good!! You will not be disappointed!! If you don't like spicy this is not the place for you...because it is really spicy, even if you order medium spice! I believe there are different flavors ie garlic butter...but you have to go there for their house special sauce.
Nothing beats Boiling Crab BUT I must say that this place has no waiting time and perfect for big parties. So, kudos for that. The shrimp is fairly large size. FRESH crawfish is definitely a MUST. We tried the frozen ones since they ran out of fresh ones and it didn't do justice. The cajun sauce medium was tough to handle.. Whenever we go here, it's always a hit or miss; always too hot. Also, the last time we went here, we got charged over $50 because of miscommunication with the servers. So, make sure that your tab is accurate or else, you will spend 30 minutes trying to figure it out with the main server. I think our server was new and granted that we had a big party, we were very patient with her.
This place is definitely another Boiling Crab, but in VEGAS! Super dope!! i LOVE everything I try at Hot N Juicy. After a great weekend in Vegas this is how you should end your trip. A GREAT meal before the long ride home or easy flight. Either way this place doesn't dissapoint me at all. I will be here everytime I am in Vegas. Mark my word! Check out my photo of the Crawfish, Wings and Shrimp.
The restaurant is off the strip. So keep in mind its really hard to get a cab heading back to the strip. 

Never compare this place to the boiling crab because its incomparable!! LOL...

As my friends and sister enjoy their succulent and delicious crawfish, and shrimp, it wasnt too spicy as it was more of a mild flavor.

I had ordered the chicken nuggets and fries basket, i know i know why did I order that but I was hungover and I needed comfort food!!
Found out about this place from MVF.  This place is awesome.  Service is much better than The Boiling Crab in Cali.  I actually like the seasoning here better as well.  Whatever seasoning I choose, I always ask them to not make it spicy; as mild as possible, yes I am a wuss.

Though crawfish is in their name, go for the shrimp because that is the best bang for the buck.  There is more meat and you do not have to fight for the little meat that you get in the crawfish.  The cajun fries are tasty also.

Pros: great service, great food

Cons: small parking lot

Definitely a place to stop by while in Vegas.  It is not really too far off the strip.
I'm from MOBILE, ALABAMA....nothing like spicing up the fresh crawfishes...I love Crawfish!!!! Cant wait for the season to start!  Pricing is kinda highin Vegas though....Downsouth you can get a pound already boiled and seasoned for $2.99...but it ok...its worth paying more when you are craving for 'em...=)
Go. Put on a shirt you don't like and go. Bags of steaming shellfish, buttered with a thick layer of garlic. You will be licking your fingers for hours
I first heard of theis place from Diner's Drive-in's & Dives on the Food Channel & since I was living in Vegas @ the time I thought to try it out when family came to visit. Well, needless to say, I;ve returned time & time again. EVERYTHING on the menu is great. I love the no frills, what you see is what you get. Styrofoam cups, plastics table coverings & rolls of papers on the table. I don't think there is a plate to be found in the building. While there all you see are people licking, sucking & eating as well as picking out the newbies to eating crawfish.

As for the wait, I've never experienced it although I've seen it. I always seem to get there @ the perfect time. Just so you know, you can order take out & it seems as if I enjoyed that better, then I could go home & really pig out.

Just know that you want to roll in there in something you don't mind getting butter on. You just can't help it.

Most items you buy by the pound

**************YOU GET A DISCOUNT IF YOU PAY USING CASH******************
************PARKING IS VERY LIMITED, BUT WORTH IT***************************
so we went for the first time on a thursday about 12 o clock we went in and it wasnt very busy. the service was good we ordered the 1 pound of shrimp and 1 pound of king crab(not so much in 1lb!) the shrimp were in garlic butter and  spicy level...yeah they were spicy alright!! and the king crab had the hot and juicy special seasoning and medium spice level and that was good! u dont get plates or silverware other than what u need for the crab. it was great but we didnt have much time to enjoy it since our daughter had a doctors appointment! but next time we go it will be enjoyed better!!!!!!
EH. My friend makes better crawfish. I kept hearing about this place and finally tried it. I dont think I would highly reccomend it. I would go back because it was a fun place to eat, but I wouldn't go through the trouble of trying to find it or trying to get there. All the other side dishes weren't to die for either. BUT! Props on the oysters on the half shell, mmmmm.
Great place.  Service is friendly.  Atmosphere is fun and perfectly set up for a messy, hot and juicy meal.  

We got the oysters (huge in size) about $17 for a dzn, very reasonably priced and it was delicious.

How it works:   They sell their crawfish,shrimp,crab,etc. by the lbs.  You get to pick the level of spiciness, and a type of sauce you want to accompany the seafood of your choice.  We chose 1 lbs of shrimp (about$11/lbs) level 3 spiciness in the hot and juicy sauce.  It was amazing, but sauce is heavy with garlic, but I love garlic.  The shrimp was seved head on, served in a plastic bag soaked in in the hot and juicy sauce.  Very flavorful 

I recommend getting a side of Sweet potato fries or the an order of the fried soft shell crab (which comes with basket of Cajun fries.)
Amaz-ZING! The chairs were very comfortable. Prob one of my top 5 restaurant chairs i've ever introduced my ass to. Will def come back just for the chairs next time I'm in Vegas. The food wasn't too shabby as well
Can't believe people gave this place "5 stars". Food came out after 35 minutes of sitting down and it was crappy crawfish that tastes like a week old. The staff was rude with a "I don't care because we have a line out there" attitude. Don't go, waste of your time. We are never coming back.
I could write up a more thorough review of this fine restaurant, but it would only reiterate what has already been said. What I will say, though, is that you should only order a spice level of Mild OR LOWER!

Unless, of course, you're fond of holding lit matches to your lips. It's spicy!
ok so my grandpa was a fisherman and my grandmother was the best cook in town (i know i know everyones grandma is the best cook) so i grew up on fresh seafood i mean straight from the sea to the pot to my plate everyday so ill admit im a little snobby when it comes to seafood (its the only thing im snobby about i promise)......and i must say this is the best place i have been so far in Vegas ......its always packed and its because its goood.... whenever me and the bf go we order a pound of craw fish 2 pounds of snow crab legs and maybe a pound of shrimp and i always get the hot n juicy sauce and bf gets Louisiana and as many corona's it takes to keep the burn under control lloll.....anywho this is one of the places i want to have my last meal on earth....their menu is not extensive wich is good ....and you should def be a seafood lover to go their because they have any obligatory burgers or chicken fingers for people who may have tagged along with someone else but doesn't actually like seafood....the atmosphere is very casual they serve your food in plastic bags and you get a bib lloll  and i would suggest not wearing something you love or plan to go out in because you will smell like garlic and crawfish when you leave lloll and buy some lemons on the way home and take them in the shower with you it will help get the smell off...all in all though the food is fresh and extremely good they have beer and its always crowded but ive never waited more than 10 min for a table still....to me it cant get much better.....me and my roommates love this place so much we are LITERALLY looking to rent our next house closer to hot n juicy ...yess in my opinion it is that good :)
3, 2, 1!

I have been hearing about this place for MONTHS! I am the last of my friends to venture, but finally, I tried it with a group of 8 tonight, and I LOVED it!

The wait is well worth it.  Great concept of simplicity.  Bag of seafood, bib, paper towels.  I tried Garlic Butter, Hot N Juicy Special and Lemon Pepper Sauces, they were all delicious!  I must say I am NOT a lover of crawfish, so that will not make my order next time, but the spices were very robust and the shrimp and crab were awesome!

I cannot say anything that hasn't already been positively reflected, so here are a few tips for the remaining 4 people in Vegas who haven't been yet...

You will get completely messy.  No clean way to do it.  It's an experience, so go with it.

Unless you are the magician Chris Angel, your hands will be subjected to injury if you order King Crab. It is spiked and slippery once covered in the sauce and regardless of the aiding utensils, it's a pain.  Stick with regular or Dungeness.

Spicy is spicy.  It has a kick, however, I'm definitely not scared of extra spicy next time...take that anyway you want it.  If you're familiar with Archi's Thai, I do an 8.5 and I could probably handle a 9, but my stomach would build a small strike picket area amongst my small and large intestine...

Finally, go with friends! A first date is not cute there...you leave smelling like you've been out an entire season of "Deadliest Catch," and the scent will stay on your hands and nails for days.

Amazing. Bravo.  I'm going again this weekend!
Tasty down south treat!  The sweet potato fries are "the business"! lol

For those in California, this spot is equivalent to "Boiling Crab" it's a must in Vegas too.  The only real downfalls I find with this spot are the average wait time of 30 mins and that you leave with your hands smelling fishy (but whats to expect after you have to peel your way through pounds of shrimp, crawfish, crab and the all!)

I'm craving this spot right now! Lol
Awesome, Awesome, Awesome. This was the finisher of our Vegas trip on our way back to Los Angeles. Our friend suggested this place since we enjoyed the boiling crab in K-Town. It was not a disappointment. The wait was not bad, it was about 20 minutes. Once we were seated we placed out order for four pounds of shrimp and 2 pounds of craw-fish. We stuck to the mild and medium. Great kick.. The craw-fish and shrimp were huge, both in flavor and size. 

Everything about this place was great. The servers busted their buts to make sure that our table was clean and that we were served. They took good care of us. 

If you live in Las Vegas, or passing through after a few slots, this is the place to go. Your hands are the forks and knife and the table is your plate. Dive in and enjoy!
Love Love lovve this place!!! My boyfriend and I eat here once a week. Even their servers call us their regulars and they know us by our first names. When I first tried this place I ordered the crawfish. I now get a pound of shrimp because the shrimp has more meat and it's easier to peel than the crawfish. 

What is so great about this place is their special sauce..hot and juicy special! I get it medium spice level, if I do spicy (which I have) my lips start to puff up. But the medium is still pretty spicy. I've also had their snow crab, Alaskan crab, Cajun fries, sweet potato fries...all very good. 

BEWARE you will smell like garlic after leaving this place. And your fingers will smell for two days. The secret to getting the smell out of your fingers is to rub lemon juice after u are done (and I mean a lot of lemon juice).

They are opening a second location which I am very excited for! Their staff is very friendly too.

also the wait is pretty long but well worth it!
My friends and I went off the strip just to try this place after seeing the amazing reviews. At first, we were pretty excited, little did we know, we set ourselves up for disappointment. 

Is bigger always better? We had two crawfishes the size of my hand! When I cracked it opened, the meat had black lines on it. I think I just cracked open the grandpa and grandma of all crawfishes. It was pretty disturbing. 

As for taste, it just does not taste that good. In our minds, we were thinking about crawfish from Boiling Crab. 

Overall, we left thinking that unfortunately, Hot n Juicy Crawfish was not that hot and not that juicy.
Cool spot, good seafood, great fun to experience.

They dont take reservations so it's a first come first served basis.

Shrimps - 10/10
Snowcrab - 9/10
Dungeon crab - 9/10

Unique having the seafood brought out in plastic bags!

Warning - these guys mild spicy is equivalent of very spicy!
WOW! Vegas always surprises me with the great foods they have to offer.  Came here TWO times in one weekend because it was that awesome.  I'm a huge fan of Boiling Crab so I was excited that this was the same concept- and with NO WAIT.  For all those BC fans out there, you know this is a big deal.  Spicy levels are higher than the norm and ever so slightly pricier.  No big deal.  Service is awesome- we happened to be one in like 2 years to find a sea creature in one of our bags that looked similar to a cockroach, gross!!  They took the bags away, called the managers and confirmed it's just a sea creature that sometimes doesn't get filtered out.  Phew!  They recooked another order and comped ALL the shrimp at our table.  All we paid for was an order of fries, rice, and coke. Totally awesome business in my eyes!

4 stars only because the coveted 5 stars belongs to BC.
Spicy Spicy Spicy. You will be full when you leave this place. I will be adding more, but I gotta do a few more things on the menu. So far, everything was Good..... On warning though. Get there early before 6pm. If not you will spend some time looking for a parking spot, then you will stand outside for a while, waiting for a table to clear up. Another good thing, they don't rush you out of the place when you finish eating, you get a few to let your food settle before you hit the road..
Man v Food is one of my favorite shows and you always hear Adam say how great every single place he stops off at is. I always wonder if everywhere can be THAT amazing. I actually came to this place randomly with my girlfriend when we were in Las Vegas and she was craving crawfish. We came here before we knew it was on the show and we had no idea what to expect.

We came on a saturday afternoon and the place was completely empty. We were the only customers in the building... For a saturday afternoon i didnt see that as being a good sign. We ordered a pound of Crawfish, cajun fries and i ordered myself some deep fried shrimp.

I was not a fan of the crawfish, but most notably the sauce. We got mild or medium and it just wasnt very good. The fried shrimp was over battered and the shrimp did not taste fresh at all. i ended up not finishing the shrimp, and i ate fries most of the time i was there. My girlfriend finished the crawfish, didnt like it very much. We left and both agreed that we probably wont be back to this location again.

We were definitely comparing this place to Boiling Crab and nothing really compares to boiling crab.


The positives. The service was pretty good and friendly :)
1 lb of shrimp to peel with your bare hands before going out in Vegas? Totally worth it. The flavoring was great, not too spicy (requested because I'm a wimp.) Really want to try the crawfish!

Sides were yummy too. Crowded but didn't wait too long for a table of 6.
Great place. For the weekend in Vegas I ate here both Saturday and Sunday. I'm not to much of a crawfish fan so I usually go for the snow crab and shrimp. The sausage here is also really good. Way worth it.
Yum! Don't wear your Sunday finest- things can get messy here. Shellfish in a baggie of spicy broth- simple yet delicious. The crawfish is fresh and, if you prefer, the king crab is well worth the price. A little taste of N'Awlins off the strip.
i love hot n juicy! i always get the shrimp medium w. the hot and juicy special flavor. its so good!! also, the snow crab hot (the shell is thicker so it doesnt soak in as much as the shrimp) also w. the hot and juicy special flavor. 

there is no place that can compare to this.. so great! if you are ever in vegas you need to make a trip here if you like seafood and spice. sometime there is a long wait so be prepared for that.
I'm still amazed with this place even for the second time.  The shrimp is so juicy and the crawfish, as long as you only eat the tail, is bomb!  The combination of butter with garlic and spices just gives it the kick it needs.  Best if you come here with someone.  This isn't the place to come by yourself.  

My friend suggested using gloves because the shrimp smell will stay in your hands for a week.  I just thought using gloves was too weird but I did it anyway and I will now use them every time I'm here.  My hands even today is shrimp smelling free.
5 STARS for GREAT SERVICE**** Go Go Go for Noemy (server)
My first review in Vegas!  I'm starting to feel all hot n juicy on the inside!! (haha kidding of course)
This is definitely a place to come by if you want to hang out with some friends and family, a very very casual place to eat.  As you know, it's going to get messy.  It was my first time in a place like this, and even me, who's a guy that likes to try new things, I still had to wear gloves when I was eating all the food.  You can choose to not wear gloves, but your hands will stink (especially if you order it hot and juicy, which is all the sauces mixed into one)

Even on a wed night, there was about a 30 minute wait.  The waitstaff is all really cool.  Atmosphere is relaxed.  But eating the food is not as relaxing as the rest of the place.  We were sweating, the food can be very spicy if you want it to be, be careful!  I wouldn't come here on a first date either.  Ripping off shrimp heads awkwardly wearing gloves (or not) may be too much to handle for some people.  

I would def come back, it's great place to have a bunch of food and get your seafood craving satisfied.
Solid 4.5 stars. (docked half a star for the slow service).

i've lived in Las Vegas for 6 months now, and can't believe it has taken me this long to try this place.  I have been to Boiling Crab and other places like it in Southern California, but this place is by far- my favorite.  The "hot n juicy" sauce is the best I've had.  

I came with 2 other people, and we ordered  a calamari appetizer, 2 lbs of shrimp, 1 lb of crawfish, and a dungeness crab (2.4 lbs), and a side of rice.  And I am so glad I ordered the rice, because after all of the crustaceans were devoured, the rice was the perfect vessel to soak up the remaining sauce.  

Everything was delicious, but the Dungeness Crab was the star.  Every bite was perfection- so meaty, so sweet, so juicy! This is now my go to place to bring Las Vegas visitors!
Great seafood spot that is very casual.  Crawfish is good.  If you enjoy spicy food, dont let them talk you out of getting the hottest they have.  Definitely wear the gloves!
First off, i am NOT anal at all. I am a server myself and i know how it feels and exactly what it is like. First timer at Hot n Juicy Crawfish. As i walked in by myself to check in for me and my family a party of 6 i was expecting to be attended to, a couple walked in at the same time as i did and "Amber" decided she wanted to jot their name down on the waiting list, looked at me and walked away. I was standing for a good 5 minutes till someone approached and realized i haven't been helped. I was hoping not to have her as a server since i felt right off the back, i was gonna be dissatisfied with her service. And yes coincidentally she was. 6 or more right (speaks for its self) yeah. As what she made it seem (oh well tips included) We felt rushed while ordering and her attitude wasn't so pleasant. We felt as if "gratuity" was included she didn't feel the need to attend to us. Although as i observed she was attending to every other table, taking new orders leaving us behind. Could be just "our" table she happened to be a little "careless" on but to top the not checking up on us at least, Took a while to get her attention to refill our drinks she refilled our drinks which was rasberry icetea with coke instead yuck! and my boyfriend had to go up to the counter himself twice for a refill of the "right" soda. Didn't appreciate her attitude with the lack of horrible service. Her coworkers also mentioned "again amber that's your 2nd time" not a good first time experience. Aside from that, food was good. Fries were just a bit soggy.
It was sooo BOMB that my family decided to eat there again, the day after we had first tried it. My parents are crazy about seafood and their palettes were made for identifying fresh/frozen. & lets just say they had NOTHING bad to say about this place. Our server, Robin, was sooo cuuute. She never stopped smiling and she seemed pretty down to earth. The place is small but it sure does get crackin. 

Even though the bib may look ridiculous, i suggest you do wear it. :) unless of course, you wanna walk out with little orange spots on your top.
Owners that care about a customers bad experience. Enough said. THANK YOU!
This place is DELICIOUS!! 

The hot n juicy seasoning is so GOOD! The shrimp was tasty as was the crawfish but the dungeness crab was SPECTACULAR! it was so tender, flavorful, and cooked to perfection. Probably one of the best crabs I have ever tasted.

Just thinking about the sauce makes me drool a little bit!

This service was so-so but the food greatly made up for it and I would most definitely come back next time I'm in town!
We've been at this place at least 7-8 times and it never disappoints.  The shrimp is so good, especially the hot n juicy seasoning.  My husband loves the crawfish, the dungeness crabs, even the oysters.  Their beer selection is small but enough.  I've brought friends here from out of town and they all wish there were a place like this in their home town.  The wait is long, and there's no parking.  You have to go early like 5 pm for dinner to avoid wait lines.
it was okay.... nothing like boiling crab or crawdaddy's in SJ, CA though.

sauce was good... just not enough.... so expect to pay extra for more sauce otherwise it's hard to dip your shrimp.

my friend's crawfish had lots of dirt in it... so that was a big no no.... 

i'd rather go to boiling crab or crawdaddy's even if the wait is longer...
Located off the Strip but definitely worth the trip! Hot N Juicy lives up to its name. Get the Canjun spicey sauce with crawfish, shrimp, crab or other crustaceans. I personally found Hot N Juicy's crawfish a bit on the small side. However the sauce is unbelievable! Service can be a bit slow. Price is extremely fair. Parking can be a pain as the lot is small and you may have to park outside on the streets.
The corn is the bomb.....I always get the crab legs.....hot and juicy flavor ....oh my!!!!!!! If u have not went you need to go.
Oh em gee. I come here on average at least once a month. I wanna say it's their seasoning that gets me to come back everytime but I can't tell. When I went, crawfish was around $10 a pound and shrimp was a little less. I typically get shrimp because they have more meat and it is easier to get full. Crawfish meat is quite tiny once you peel the gigantic shell. If you buy 2lbs of crawfish, you automatically get a free corn and potato. Awesome!!! Get the hot n juicy special seasonsing which is basically a combination of all the other seasonings. I'm usually content with mild and medium spicyness level but my mother in law  get extra extra spicy and lemme tell ya... that kills you. 

If you're lucky, you can catch them when they have etouffee (kind of like gumbo). Delish! Has pieces of crawfish, red bell pepper, celery.. etc. The flavor tastes similar to the hot n juicy special but I'm not sure. 

Surprisingly, they have one of the bessstttt chicken wings anywhere. It comes out hot and fresh. The skin is super crispy and the inside is hot and juicy. Comes with ranch and ketchup and fries if you wish. A must have if you come!!! 

Pros: CHICKEN WINGS & FRIES!!!
Hot n Juicy Special seasoning

Cons: none really. Could be cheaper but business is business. =P
My first time dealing with this sort of dining experience. No utensils & have to dissect your food- what? After a little apprehension; I was getting down and dirty. So, glad I did get past that awkwardness of ripping apart the whole shrimps because it was more than worth it! The bib is a great idea & highly suggested. Definitely not a place to wear nice or light colored clothing to. I ended up getting Medium for heat because that's what the waitress had suggested. However, the only thing that seemed some what spicy was the corn at the bottom of the bag. The overall taste of their signature Hot & Juicy seasoning was perfect! I will definitely return to this restaurant next time I'm in Nevada. Thank you for such a fun, interactive, and memorable experience!
When I hear the term 'hot and juicy', crawfish is the last thing that comes to my mind so when I heard about a restaurant called "Hot and Juicy Crawfish", I had to check it out. I had heard that it was casual, not too expensive for seafood and had an interesting approach to service.
We went there Monday night for dinner with our boy, Sean, who was visiting from So. Cal. We found the restaurant on the sleazy edge of Chinatown in a small strip center next to a Chinese massage parlor and a karaoke bar. Didn't look to special on the outside but even out in the parking lot, we could smell the garlic in the air.

We went in and it was equally unimpressive inside but we were greeted pleasantly and seated quickly by the window under the neon light....ah, ambiance. The table was covered with a thin plastic tablecloth and contained only a roll of paper towels. The slender menu listed a variety of shellfish, crab, shrimp and, of course, crayfish, all of which are ordered by the pound. Side orders were limited and included mostly corn on the cob, rice and french fries or potato.
We ordered the crayfish with Cajun sauce, shrimp with lemon-pepper sauce and blue crab with the garlic sauce. You can order any sauce from mild to paralyzing spicy. We went with mild which turned out to be pretty spicy on its own accord.

The food comes out piping hot, almost too hot to touch; dropped unceremoniously on the table all tied up in a plastic bags with all that sauce. You open the bag and dig in with your hands...no tableware of any kind except for a cracker for the crab.

As to the quality of the food...delicious...hot and juicy. All the sauces were fabulous. The crayfish is something we'd not order again, although it was fun to eat. You have to be a real 'crayfishianado' to suck the juice out of the heads like some do (we won't). So that leaves you with the tail which contains about a  " piece of meat that took more work than it was worth to get to. The shrimp (head, shell and tail intact) were fabulous. Twist the head off, peel the shell and eat to your hearts content. We also tried a fried dish...breaded soft shell crab which was served with french fries...also delicious.

If you are looking to take people out to an impressive 'Vegas-style' food event, this is definitely not your place. But, if you want an inexpensive place with wonderful seafood, and don't mind getting your hands a little dirty, then I highly recommend it. It would be a blast to go to with friends who are laid-back and have a good sense of humor.
Great food, reasonable prices, good service.  Crawfish and shrimp by the pound.  Three sauces (as I recall) with three heat levels for each.  I had the signature "Hot & Juicy" sauce, but got mild because I was not alone.  On my own I'd probably get medium.  Great flavor.  Be ready to get messy.  They provide paper towels and bibs...you'll need them.

This is on my list anytime I return to Vegas.
Wow, great crawfish. It comes with a few potatoes and half a cob of corn. The corn tastes like spicy garlic buttery heaven. I opted for a bowl of rice to accompany the little critters, and ended up pouring Hot n Juicy sauce all over it, the sauce is so good! 

They have good shrimp, too. Can't wait to come back to try some more of their seafood delicacies.
Amazing, authentic, aromatic, and appetizing. If you don't mind tearing apart your crawfish to get to the delicious parts, you have to go here.

They have the right fixin's, and they definitely have the right flavor. A little pricey, but worth every penny.
Absolutely delicious, the motto "pinch and suck" are very practical here. I've ordered the craw fish and shrimp with lemon pepper medium hotness very yummy, and also the hot and juicy special sauce spicy! Wow very spicy but delicious. The levels of hotness are greater than at other places so try medium first or be brave and go for the spicy or extra spicy.  Tried the dungenous crab legs, not bad, unfortunately the sauce doesn't get soked in to the the legs like it does to the shrimp and the crawfish. But over all its all yummy!
My boyfriend saw this place on Man Vs. Food and it is only about a 5 minute drive from the strip. 

Not bad. We arrived at 12:30PM ready for seafood. Yet, we were seated, given menus, then as we attempted to order we were informed that they are not currently serving crawfish. The item they are known for! UNACCEPTABLE! We came here for the crawfish, thats what we wanted, so why would we order something else. The waitress expanded that they just received a shipment so their crawfish are frozen. First off, hearing frozen was a huge turn off. I live in the San Francisco Bay Area so our seafood here is FRESH. Yet I had to remind myself that Vegas is in the desert so fresh seafood here is unlikely. 

We rolled our eyes and blew the joint. I swear I would be back but for the rest of the day I was getting puppy eyes from the honey so I agreed to give them a second try and attempt dinner.

We arrived again at 5:30 and we were seated after 10 minutes. We ordered a pound of Hot & Juicy Special in Medium and one pound of shrimp in Garlic Butter medium and a side of sweet potato fries. First off there is not one positive thing that I can recall about the fries so I would recommend ordering a bowl of rice instead. Yes, order rice over fries. I never thought I would recommend that to anyone. Ever.

My favorite flavor was the Hot & Juicy! It was packed with flavor and mighty tasty! The Garlic Butter was good too! I would both order them again. The heat levels here though are a little off, if you want hot, order medium, etc. I would beware the extra spicy! 

The place got pretty crowed around 6:20 and I was happy we arrived fairly early. The service here is lagging. You have to notify your waiter(ess) if you want more water. They don't really pay attention the details. 

I would go back if I lived there and needed a crawfish fix, but on my next Vegas trip or any after I will not be visiting Hot and Juicy. It was good, but it wasn't THAT good. 

(I took off a star for not having crawfish when I went initially FYI)

OH and yes, my paws smelled 2 days after. The amount of soap didn't matter. The order sinks in! Kinda yucky.

Happy ripping off the heads of crawfish! 

(=
If there were 6 stars I'd rate this even better.  We found this place because of Man vs. Food. When you pass by the restaurant in China Town, it appears to be a shady massage parlor or some kind of strip joint!!  But when you walk through the doors, AMAZING!  Don't try to make reservations, this place gets too crowded for this.  And if you want to test out a new date, definitely bring 'em here.  This will determine if they like to get "down and dirty" or if they have a problem digging in and eatin' a real good meal.   Prepare to have your sinuses cleared.  Don't count on having good conversation, you'll be too busy scarfing down yummy food.

Everything about this place is great.  The customer service is SOOOO GOOD.  Almost all the servers are real friendly (and there are some that have been there a long time which is great).  The atmosphere (music could use a little help) is perfect for a fun group dinner (New Orlean's style).  Expect to have the best shellfish and seasoning in Vegas and expect to leave with your clothes reaking of Hot N Juicy!
This is the e-mail I sent the restaurant.
Our party of 6 had dinner last Wednesday night and it was our first time to your restaurant. We have been to similar restaurants and your rated high. Our service and food was great. I was surprised by the mandatory 17% tip included to our bill. I would have paid more but because you decided that your food and service was only worth 17%, I just paid the 17%. I would expect the mandatory tip for parties of 8 or more or if I had a waiter at my beckon call. Regardless of the tip issue, we enjoyed our experience and we will be back.
got crawfish with the hot n juicy special seasoning at spice level medium...the crawfish soak up the flavor well but have little meat on them....my brother got shrimp which do not hold the seasoning as well....my buddy got snowcrab and wouldnt let me try it but said it was great....they bring it out in a plastic bag and you peel and eat with your hands...i had a small cut on my hand and couldnt sleep that night cuz it was burning/throbbing from the second lowest spice level
Been here several times and am definitely a fan.  Hot & Juicy flavor is the way to go.   If you're afraid to suck the crawfish heads and eat all the juicy stuff inside, then shrimp is the way to go.  It's 2 dollars more per pound but you'll also get alot more food with less shell.

I love crawfish more but since I'm from the South I'm used to paying  3-4 bucks a pound.  To fulfill my desires I'll get 2 lbs shrimp, 1 lb crawfish with my friend.

We like to get extra corn and potatoe since it's so yummy.  

They tend to understate the heat so a medium is probably hot, and hot is extra.....and so forth.

Great place - definitely check it out!
hot and juicy special shrimp with corn is the only thing i order every time i come here! a few tips i've learned from my previous visits.. wear clothes you don't mind smelling like shrimp in. so definitely don't go in your best outfit and if you have anything to do after your meal! lastly, lemons lots of them, soak your hands in the them to get rid of the shrimpy smell. couple things that are a bummer, parking and no phone reservations.
Great food!!! One thing I hate about this place is that it's bitch to find parking spot when it's busy and parking lot is too small we had many times just turn around n left because we couldn't park the car :(
My second visit in a week. We only waited 5 minutes for heaven. My wife had the crab, less than mild, garlic butter with corn and potato. She loved it. I had the shrimp, medium, hot & juicy flavor with corn and potato. The flavor was so delicious I will now only go with the hot & juicy flavor for now on. The corn was tender and the beer was cold. They must put something addicting in the flavor because I already want to go back. They were having a special on lobster, 16.99 a pound. I will try that next time.
Smelly and gross.  Cheap seafood and powdered seasonings served in plastic bags.  Friggin disgusting.  Really.  Salty!!!!  Ugh.  It made me sick.

Crappy shellfish boiled with salty water.  Disgusting.  The garlic was on my fingers and coming out of my pours for a week.  One of the worst restaurants ever.
Based on the food, I'm giving Hot n Juicy a 3. Service was fine and prices are reasonable. But overall I'm not a huge fan of the food. We ordered a pound of crawfish, shrimp, extra corn. Not bad not good. Beware that you and all your belongings that enter Hot n Juicy will continue to smell like Hot n Juicy for quite a while!
A little better than Boiling Crab in SoCal. I had the Hot N Juicy special Crawfish, medium heat. I pretty much inhaled it. The sweet potato fries were made perfect. I cant wait to come back for more!
Throughout my meal, I could not help but pretend to be a zombie while sucking out the brains of these delicious morsels. Maybe that is more Asian than undead. Either way it is a spectacle to see.

I always enjoy a meal that allows me to get down with my primal urges to use my bare hands. I do not mind that my hands smell like a spicy ocean. It is half of the rewards of this endeavor. If you do, ask for some gloves. 

What is a hungry mini mob suppose to do when every restaurant you want to try closes down or does not open until 6? The answer, go to Hot N Juicy. At 5:15, there were four other parties besides our own. After 6, the place was bum rushed and packed. We got there in time to get a few beers, a pound of shrimps, a pound of crawfish, and a basket of fried catfish.

The beers are reasonable at three dollars a bottle. They offer Blue Moon, Sapporo, Heineken, and a few others that I forget at this ridiculous price. The pop alone cost $2.50. It is as if they encourage drinking and that is alright by me.

We got the shrimp and crawfish spicy. They are mind blowing. Get a few pieces of corn and potatoes cooked with the seafood. The shrimp are probably a better deal at $9.99 a pound compared to $10.99 because they have more meat and seemed endless. The crawfish are super tasty, but there weren't as many and the shells are what you are paying for. I would order them again, but some will feel like it is a rip off.
Food was yummy but the service was so so. Our appetizer arrived after our entree and having asked about it twice.
So for people from the Bay, Hot N Juicy Crawfish is a bit of a fusion of Red Crawfish on Larkin in SF and Boiling Crab in San Jose. Same concepts of your choice of spiced seafoods and appetizers, minus the one hour wait of Boiling Crab (at least the time that I went there). Our party of four was seated with hardly a five minute wait. Spicy. Spicy. Spicy. LOVED it. 

The only advice I have for future patrons are:
1) If you go and plan on going out after, PLEASE do yourself a favor and either bring a large bottle of Listerine and cologne/perfume OR
2) Go with enough time to go home/back to your hotel for a nice, LONG shower to cleanse the smelliness from your hair, body and a fresh change of clothes!
Not a fluke, the second time proved to be just as good as the first. I am not proud that Katrina M. and I came here two days within a three day span, but it was that good.

This time we came with her family and ordered 4 pounds of shrimp in spicy Hot N Juicy special, one pound in medium garlic butter, one pound in extra spicy Hot N Juicy special, one pound of spicy Hot and Juicy special crawfish, and one pound of spicy Louisiana Style crawfish. Out of all the seasonings, their namesake is the best at the second to hottest level. Their "extra spicy" did not deliver the scorching hot flavor I was expecting and would not make for a decent food challenge. The other two flavors were just mediocre, nothing special. We had also ordered calamari, but they are extremely salty. The sweet potato and Cajun fries are cooked to a superb crispiness. Ask for corn and potatoes to be cooked with your seafood.

Yet again I could not resist the temptation and ordered a Blue Moon to go along with the meal. I might be completely out of the loop, but it has been a while since I have seen a restaurant offer beers for less than $5.50 a bottle. Heineken, Heineken Light, Corona, Corona Light, Sapporo, and Blue Moon are the beers they offer for $3.

I cannot stress enough that you should get there before 6 because the wait is nonexistent. For a party of six, half of us being present, they sat us right away. Yet if another large party came and our group was not all there we would have to give up our table. They cannot be faulted for that. I understand the need to meet the demands. Once we were all sat and ordered, the staff were very attentive with refilling drinks and taking our additional orders.
If you're looking for an adventure in Las Vegas when it comes to food, this is the place to go (and this adventure isn't for the weak!) I had to say I was extremely sketchy because you get a pound or more of crawfish freshly boiled, mixed in with their seasonings and sauces, and you have to be the one to crack them open yourself to get to the crawfish meat, but that is the whole experience and beauty of the restaurant. 

I wish I could try their other sauces and seasoning, but I feel even the next step up from what is considered mild is way too spicy and hot for me. Guess I need to work on becoming a novice here! Anyways, this location is always busy, and expect a bit of a wait every time you come (larger parties are always going to be an hour of more). I rate this 4 stars because this is a very interesting experience when it comes to dining! Be fearless!
We ordered shrimp and crawfish in the hot n juicy, lemon pepper, and ragin cajun, all at the medium spice level. MMM MMM MMMMMMM!!!!!!  My favorite was the lemon pepper and the hot n juicy was a very close second. I would pass on the ragin cajun next time. We also ordered corn, which soaked up all the delicious flavor. I always have to have corn at these crawfish joints. 

I know the place is called hot n juicy CRAWFISH and a lot of people love crawfish...but it is a lot of work for a very small pay-off. Because of that, I think shrimp is the best way to go!! I love peeling the shell off and then dipping the shrimp meat back into the juice. 

For the Bay Area people, this place is a lot better than that other crawfish place in Oakland and maybe at the same level (or better) as the uber-popular one in San Jose. I might even rank it higher than the place in San Jose because the sauce doesn't seem as buttery and artery-clogging. 

Can't wait to go back!
Love their lemon pepper & hot n juicy shrimp. Good size restaurant only waited 20mins for seating.
It's no boiling crab but it's delicious and available in las Vegas.
OMG... This Place Is To Die For!!! Seriously. I learned about it on Man vs. Food & Adam you were soooo right!! The food here is AWESOME!! If you love seafood, this place is a must. Not only were the Crawfish tasty, but the crab was sinful too!! I waddled out of this place just because I could not stop myself. Now the place is a hole in the wall... nothing fancy here, but that's ok by me cause it's hard to be cute when your sucking the head off them there crawfish & crackin crab!! Really!! It's off the strip... about 1.5 miles from the Palms, but so worth the visit!!
Every time I come to Vegas, I want to try this place but never get the chance. This trip I made it a priority and was the first restaurant to hit on my Vegas weekend and I will definitely come back regardless of reeking of garlic after walking out of the place. Even the next day i could still smell the garlic on the clothes that I wore to the restaurant.

Everything we ate was delicious!! My bf and I ordered a pound of shrimp and a pound of the crawfish both in the medium hot n juicy special sauce. And let me tell you, the medium was still very spicy. I'm glad I didn't get the hot. My lips were tingling with the medium and I love spicy food. We also got and order of the cajun fries and a side of rice. I put some of the sauce on the rice and that was super delicious!! 

Other reviews say how packed this place gets. Not the case on a thursday night. We were seated immediately, however there was a good sized line when we left. Service was great and the food was wonderful. Our next trip out we will definitely be stopping for a bite again.
Definitely a fan--went back this trip, as I remembered this place from my last trip to Vegas.  I'll echo some of the other reviewers, if you go for dinner, go early, as the line builds up.  We were seated right away, at 5:30, but by 6:30, there was a line outside the door.  I had the crawfish and clams, medium spice, and my mouth was burning for a couple of hours after we left (and I am usually pretty tolerant of spicy foods).  I also made the mistake of touching my eye, even after washing my hands, it still burned badly.  Loved both the clams and crawfish.  My wife is not a crawfish fan, so she got chicken wings, which were apparently good as well.
This is my second time i come to eat here. The food is great . The place is a little dirty but only cause you eat wiyh your hands and dont use plates. They rated yhis rest in vegas weekly and got great reviews. Definately everytime we come this rest is a must. Also this rest came out on man vs food
Very yummy!
My husband and I have eaten here twice in the last year.
I had eaten here about 6 months earlier and liked it, but the spicy option was so spicy it made my lips literally peel. I do not mean literally like most kids today do. I mean, it LITERALLY made the skin come off of my lips. I normally can take a lot of spice, but the combo in the spicy option was way too much for me. I enjoyed it while eating it, but the next few days were torture.
The next trip I ordered the lowest grade of spice (can't remember the name) and enjoyed it thoroughly. It was still nicely spicy, but no loss of skin. :) The sauce is very flavorful, so much so that I ordered extra biscuits just to dunk in the sauce. I am not a bread girl and normally pass on it.
I've seen complaints that the crawfish are expensive for the amount of meat involved, but I felt the pricing was very fair. You will NOT be able to replicate the sauce at home and the crawfish itself is priced close to market.
You MUST check this place out, you will be happy you did!
When I think of Hot n Juicy, my first thought is not crawfish. Probably more along the lines of Megan Fox, Denise Richards, or Megan Good. Crawfish has always been a tough food for me to try. It looks like a ghetto version of a lobster crossed with shrimp and for the longest time I have given it the nickname of "Little Cockroach". I always felt why would you eat a crawfish on purpose? It's like choosing ground beef when you can have steak. Shrimp has always been my favorite weapon of choose for any of these cajun "Boiling Crab" type places, because of the efficient flavor to value ratio. A Crawfish is usually about 9 to 10 bucks a pound and is about 60% shell and 40% meat (I will later find out 90% shell or greater and less than 10% meat). Trust me for a pound of crawfish. You will pay a handsome penny and will not have enough meat to make a crab salad or even an appetizer with crackers. 

How did you find out about Hot N Juicy Crawfish? How does it taste though?? How's the quality? Stop being negative! You might say.

I am guilty of watching Man Vs Food like the majority of all the yelp reviews for this restaurant. Normally, MVF's track record has been fairly poor, but this is different! Who doesn't like Asian flavors crossed with Cajun style? That's like saying you don't like Amerie (so hot!) or Hines Ward (not as hot). I ordered 1 lb Shrimp and 1lb of Crawfish to give Crawfish a try and have my shrimp as a back up, both Hot n Juicy style. 

The shrimp was great of course, although it was slightly under cooked. I think that's because maybe no one ever orders shrimp. It was a nice big size almost Jumbo shrimp sized and it tasted pretty good with the Hot N Juicy sauce, but nothing to jump out of your seat over. Shrimp is a dollar more than crawfish, but its worth it, because it is 95% meat and 5% shell. Time for my first taste of crawfish! At first, I honestly did not know how to eat it. I tried using my shrimp peeling skills, but I looked like a squirrel trying to get a nut. I finally swallowed my pride and asked one of the pretty waitress to help show me how to suck head. Get your mind out the gutter!!! Ha ha.. but that's how you are suppose to eat crawfish. You first suck the head, that's what she said (that's what she said) then you eat the meat. Hmmm.. Good thing this review is PG. The flavor of the juicy coming from the crawfish was a lot better than the shrimp! The taste is very delicious. It's like sipping a hot bowl of pho and some zesty tomato based Italian dish. Maybe that's a bad analogy. Let's say the restaurant smelled and tasted like a cross between a Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant and a Cajun grill. 

If you look around the restaurant you will see nothing, but people with smiles on their faces. This is unusually, because most restaurants I go to most people look impatient or serious. This is definitely a plus! My rating might be a tad bit harsh, but I feel it is truly honest. I do recommend that you give Hot N Juicy a try, only if you get there early and don't mind driving in to "Chinatown" (didn't see many Chinese places mostly Vietnamese restaurants, but all Asians look a like right? Don't answer that). If you are from Orange County and are spoiled by the Boiling Crab and other restaurants like it, be warned you may not like this place. There is less spicy and a little less flavor. If you are a Asian Cajun newbie, this will be a great start for you. I will go back again with my friends that have watched Man Vs Food, but I'm not a fan of great head with no meat, no pun intended.
When you just want lots of shellfish and a casual setting you must go here. We ordered the Crawfish, shrimp, and crab legs, all great. We went with the hot and juicy, Cajun, and garlic butter sauces all in mild and they were plenty spicy! It's fun to just talk and peel! It's a busy place and casual so don't expect 4 star service but the girls are nice and you can just flag someone down if you need a refill or reorder. We also ordered the calamari, sweet potato fried, rolls and rice. The side of rice is enough for 2 to share unless you just love rice haha. The fries and calamari were ok I don't think I'd get them again. They also have fresh oysters! I'm not a huge seafood person but I still had fun and plan to go back. Don't be snooty, tie on the apron, be patient and enjoy a lazy afternoon of conversation and crustaceans!
If I were to rate this place based on the food alone, I would give it a 4.5.. The shrimp was really good with the signature hot and juicy sauce, even better than what I've had at boiling crab *gasp!! My friends and I shared deep fried soft shell crab, catfish, and fries, which were all really yummy.

What brought it waaaay down for me was the HORRIBLE service! We went to eat there on a Saturday evening, so we were expecting it to be really busy, but it wasn't. Thought that would be a good thing because our server would probably have more time to be attentive, but NO! My friend's mouth was on fire from the spicy sauce and had to ask for a coke refill 4 times before a different server finally came and refilled her cup, I had to ask for water 3 times, my other friend's plastic bib broke and she had to repeatedly ask for another before someone finally brought her a new one.

When I received my bag of shrimp, there was a hole in it and juices were leaking everywhere. I politely asked the server if I could have another bag just to place the one I already had inside because I didn't want to lose all the sauce to my table, and he replied with a horrible attitude, telling me I wouldn't need one because it would be messy anyway. I then replied with, "Can you just get me a bag like I asked for please?" And he proceeded to throw his hands in the air, say "Fine," in a very sarcastic tone, and just threw the bag on the table. Um, excuse me?? First of all, I wanted to save my delicious sauce for my rice, not for licking off the f*cking table, DICK. I wish I ordered crab instead of shrimp so I could use the claws to attack him.

Overheard the tables next to ours complaining about the bad service and the unnecessary attitudes as well. I hope the management at this establishment figures out a way to properly train their employees to be helpful, attentive, and polite. Until that happens, I won't be returning to Hot and Juicy.
If you told me about a Chinatown in Vegas, I would assume there is another theme casino going up where landing 3 fake Prada bags in a slot machine is a jackpot.  Apparently, it's an actual part of Vegas. Well slap me silly, get me an asian massage and love me long time!  Somehow there is also a Cajun style crawfish restaurant in the smack dab middle of it.

One of my favorite things right of the bat is the eat-in style - roll of paper towels, plastic single-use table covers, and bibs. They know yo' ass is gonna make a mess. And because their food is fresh, this is not a pun!

The shrimp and crawfish are a nice hefty size. Not the itty bitty crap you would get at Sizzler. However, if you cone hungry and have your eyes set on crawfish, you have to realize that there is a small ratio of edible meat per square inch. It's only the tail. Shrimp is a better option in this respect.  

If you are really hungry, which is completely possible if there is a wait and you stand outside, watching people eat through the window, they have a great fried food menu, including chicken, crab, catfish, shrimp, and fries.

The shrimp, crawfish, and other fish is available in several flavors, ranging from mild to cajun to hot-n-juicy.  It comes out in a nice plastic bag with the sauce.  All get nicely fumed with flavor after they are boiled.  Pair that with a nice cold brew and you will understand the draw of this place.  

I hope this wasn't a mirage in the middle of the desert and this place really does exist.
Keep in mind that there's a newer location opened east of this location. The newer place has a strong smell of paint, but that will easily be musked by the shrimps and crawfishes. Their sauces are pretty spicy and known to numb and swollen lips. If you are sensitive to spicy, start off with the mild. There are several choices of sauces and spicy levels to choose from. Prepare to get messy. They provide plastic bibs, paper towels, and plastic table clothes.
This is definitely off the beaten path if you are one of those types of people that live for The Strip and all of its foo-foo overpriced eateries. Located about two miles from the strip, give or take a few feet, Hot N Juicy is located in Vegas' "Chinatown", although I saw more Vietnamese and Korean joints than I did Chinese. 

First of all......if you are waiting outside the front door, BEWARE THE RAMP LOCATED BY THE DISABLED PARKING SPOT! Its made out of the same asphalt that the rest of the parking lot is made out of, and the wife didn't see it, and she ate shit............Please be careful. 

With that being said, we went this past Sunday, (05/29/11), and it was jam packed. Right away, they let us know that they just opened up another location down the street, but we politely declined and toughed out the wait. For our party of 10, which we said didn't mind having split up if it got us in faster, the wait time was only about 30-40 minutes, and they told us it would be about as much. 

When we were seated, the waitress was kind enough to explain the flavors and levels of spiciness and she was right on. Getting right into it, we tried the shrimp (lemon pepper and garlic butter, both mild), the fried catfish basket with fries, the corn on the cob, and the steamed rice. 

SHRIMP- 

Big, fat, juicy, and oh so tasty. Unlike other places similar to this one, the sauces they used for both types we tried were kind of thin in terms of thickness (?), but VERY, VERY, VERY FLAVORFUL. We've been to places that the sauce is almost sandy or chalky, but here, it is like a nice shrimp stock, and we easily and most enjoyably poured it all over our steamed rice, which made it that much better! 

CATFISH- 

The catfish basket comes with fries. Fries, who can F those up? Not these guys! Crisp, crunchy, and salty. Perfect the way a fry should be. The catfish, perfectly cooked, comes in a nice cornmeal type of coating that adds a little extra crunch. Only problem is, they only give you about a fillet and a half, if that. I've been to places where they give you almost 3 fillets and that would have to be my only bitch about the fish. 

SIDES- 

Corn on the cob was awesome. Boiled, Buttery, sweet, and not overcooked. Simplicity at its finest. 

Steamed Rice- ditto. Simple, yet delicious. 

OVERALL EXPERIENCE- 

The wait was expected. It was out the door just like other people said. Waitresses were very helpful, but with the exception of the first refill, were slow on the next couple. As far as ordering more food, they were spot on. I'd come back over here for sure, and I'd bring my friends too. If you don't mind a wait, or taking the roads less traveled, be brave and head this way!
Great place to eat seafood loved it, but beware their spicy Is spicy! My friends had a hard time with mild
I have to say I am a bigger fan of Crawdaddy's in San Jose, CA than I am of this place - both the service and the food (well, the sauce) is better at Crawdaddy's.

We ordered a pound of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, two corns and cajun fries. We ordered both the crawfish and shrimp with the Hot N Juicy special sauce which is supposed to be a combination of all of the sauces - the crawfish came out with that sauce and luckily they made a mistake and our shrimp came out with just the garlic butter sauce.  I was not feeling the Hot N Juicy sauce - it tasted weird with the garlic butter, lemon pepper and whatever else was in there, it was just too much. The garlic butter that was on the shrimp was really good though, we got medium spice and there were some nice chunks of garlic which is my favorite part :) Both the shrimp and crawfish were big - no tiny suckers here which I did appreciate because when you get a tiny crawfish it's quite annoying - all that work for nothing. My favorite part is always the corn because they sit it in the bag with the shrimp and it soaks up all the juice and every bite you get the sweet corn with the spicy garlic buttery taste - ABSOLUTELY AMAZING I'll tell ya! I think if we never got the Hot N Juicy sauce I would have liked the crawfish better.

The service was okay - we got some jock looking like dude.  He was nice but we had asked for extra sauce and some extra corns - waited about 10 minutes, didn't see the guy and when we finally spotted him he was just kicking it behind the counter chatting it up with the girls. In my head I'm thinking "COME ON FOOL!  I WANT MY CORN AND EXTRA SAUCE! WTF YOU TALKING FOR?! THAT WON'T GET YOU A GOOD TIP!" haha.. we didn't end up getting our corn until the end of our meal along with the check - I guess we could just call that our dessert ;)

Thanks to MVF we came, we saw and we tried some pretty good food but I think if were in Vegas again we wouldn't come back.
Any place that makes me crave to come back is getting 5 stars from me!  I finally convinced a couple of friends to try the infamous Hot n Juicy for the first time.  None of us had been here before, but I am pretty sure all of us are returning soon!

We ordered two pounds of crawfish, and a pound each of shrimp and snow crab.  We opted for the Hot n Juicy sauce, medium spice.  The spice level of the sauce was right about on for us (although we may go hotter next time!), and the flavor was extremely good.  It was some sort of a garlic sauce that made sucking the juices out of these crustaceans so addicting.  

The shrimp were by far our favorite.  Nice and big in size, and juicy.  They weren't that hard to peal really, with the heads on them.  The crawfish were also tasty, although there was a lot less meat in them (obviously).  I am not a big crawfish eater, but these were so damn good that I probably would get them again just for the experience of cracking them open!  The money paid for the crawfish versus how much meat you get might not be worth it to some, but the experience is worth it to me.  The blue crab legs were few, but large and extremely delicious!

I can't wait to come back, so Hot n Juicy is getting a 5 star review from me.  The waitresses are cute and friendly and they'll make sure you know how to crack those shellfish!  This place definitely deserves the A+ reputation that it has earned.
Let me start off by saying I was hesitant to try Hot N Juicy.  Now that my cherry was popped I can't stop thinking about it.  I've been back every week since the first time I went, and one week I went twice.

I'm not a crawfish fan.  Maybe that is why I was so hesitant.  Nonetheless, I wanted to be open minded and faced my fears.  

There was a half an hour wait and I remember thinking- this better be worth my time!  The staff is pretty friendly and accomodating so it helped my nerves while awaiting for our table.

I didn't order the crawfish but I did order the Hot N Juicy medium shrimp special as well as some corn and cajun fries.  The sauce on the shrimp was spicy, buttery and garlicky goodness.  3 things I love the most.  The shrimp is placed in a big plastic bag so the shrimp soak in all the juices from the sauce, and they put the corn (on the cob) in the bag to sit in the sauce also.

OMG.

SOOO good!

Eventually tried to expand my horizons and get the crawfish, but I wasn't a fan.  That is only because they creep me out.  So I'm a bit bias.  BUT shrimp fans rejoice.
I loved Hot N Juicy!! Let me tell you I had been craving crawfish and after reading all the good reviews on this place, I had to go check it out. I haven't had crawfish in like 20 years when I lived in Mississippi and I totally forgot how to even crack one open. So as soon as I got there I was ready to order some yummy crawfish. I chose the 2lb bag seasoned in garlic sauce with mild spiciness. Oh it was so good. My hands got so messy, but it was all worth it. The atmosphere of the restaurant was nice, very open and spacious. It was not busy at all and the servers were polite and friendly as well. I would definitely go back to satisfy my crawfish cravings:)
I kinda went into this place expecting to be dissapointed only because every crawfish place I come across I compare it to the boiling crab (a restraunt very similar to hotnjuicy) and im always let down...but this time I was strangely happy with the flavor...i ordered shrimp and they sell it to you by the pound...and 1lbs is plenty for one person! They serve it to you in a huge plastic bag and expect your hands to get dirty because there are no forks or spoons here!! The staff is very helpful and friendly! So overall I am a very happy camper :)
Definitely not the best crawfish I've had but it did fill my craving.  

I ordered the XXX spicy and the waitress was concerned because apparently it's too spicy for some.  The waitress made me a bit nervous but once the crawfish came out it wasn't that spicy.  Since my family is from Louisiana and I've had frequent crawfish boils I can tell when crawfish is uber spicy because my lips start to swell.  Hardly the case here.  Either way it's worth a try to fill the craving.
Went here with some friends cuz of love for seafood. I was surprise it was small for such a popular place. Food was awesome. I had had 2 lbs of crawfish and 2lbs of snow crabs. I was a bit disappointed because they ran out of Dungeness my original order... on a Tuesday! But overall good experience. The staff was wonderful. The food was great. Definitely recommend you drop by when in Vegas
Food was good and the place was packed but the service was horrible and when it came time for the bill asked for cash do they wouldn't get charged for using their card machine!!!  Then I didn't get my change, they just put it in their tip jar!! I had to ask for it and dug it out their jar in front of me!! As a foodie, great food, as a person who has been in the food and hospitality field for 10 years, bad FOH staff!!
**Summary**
       - Seasoning - The options are Louisiana Style, Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, and Hot n Juicy Special. Hands down, the Hot n Juicy Special is the best. It's a mix of the rest and it's very flavorful.
       - Spice Level - The options are Less Than Mild, Mild, Medium, Spicy, and Extra Spicy. Be warned, their spicy level at mild is already pretty spicy.
       - Flavor - Your seafood, spices, and extras are cooked in one bag to lock in all that flavor. I personally like to peel my shrimp and then dip it back into the sauce.
       - Ordering - You order your seafood and what seasoning/spice level you want. I'd recommend the shrimp or crawfish with Hot n Juicy Mild. Also, you can add sausage and corn to it too. The corn soaks up a lot of the sauce, making it extra flavorful and spicy.
       - Warning - If you order shrimp, crawfish, or crabs, you're eating with your hands so that gets kinda messy, but they give you bibs. Also, because of the intense flavor of the sauce, you'll probably be sweating garlic for a while.

**Price**
       - $9.99 per lb. Crawfish
       - $10.99 per lb. Shrimp
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place for a good experience and a delicious meal. However, just as a warning, it can get a little messy, and you'll smell like the sauce for a day.
Quick and attentive service. The menu gets to the point ! The ladies are super sweet and helpful , especially for me since I was unsure what to get!
THE BEST!!!! enough said! everything about this place is awesome the price, the selection of seafood, and the omg taste of it all gets u drooling just thinking about it haha. love this place recommend it to anyone thats a seafood lover and loves spices. 

quick tip expect a lil long wait cause theres probably alot of ppl dying to get into this place just like you will be.
The food is ok at best, service was terrible or the waitress we had was slow in the head or something, Boiling crab was way better and i can name a number of places that are not as famous that have better service and food. Took 30 minutes to get our fries, another 10 minutes to get STRAWS for our drinks and then they messed up our order and the waitress had a sick attitude.
Although I enjoy Boiling Crab's whole shabang sauce better than this place, I do have to give them credit for their crawfish and the sauce. Their crawfish are large sized and filled with a lot of flavor. I would go here again for sure when I'm in Vegas. Spicy sauce is probably my favorite.  Shrimp was tasty as well. I'd probably give them 5 stars but I'll visit here a couple more times to check consistency.
Seafood in a bag.... no one does it better than Hot N Juicy. One of the gems in Vegas off the strip. Whats makes this place special is the sauce they cook the seafood in. Every time I'm in Vegas I come here at least once. Hand down better than Boiling Crab and other places I've been to.
I don't know how they do it in the South but this is definitely the Best in the West.
SOOOOOOO goooood!!! Most of the places that have been on tv don't live up to the hype, but Adam Richman definately got it right when he gave this place the thumbs up!!!

One warning: it is VERY messy!!! Make sure you don't have ANY cuts in your fingers before you start eating (They do have gloves, but it's just not as much fun using them!) - other than that, you can't really go wrong with ANYTHING on this menu!

We always get crawfish with the HotNJuicy Special- with NO spice... We do like spicy food in our family, but even the mild has a pretty strong kick that does dull the yummy-ness of the sauce! Make sure you get a bowl of rice and order some extra sausages to eat with that extra sauce!

NOT the best place for hungry kids- we were able to get our girls some french fries & soda, but they got pretty frustrated trying to peel their own shrimp/wait for us to peel shellfish for them... and the craqfish creeped them out! (lol) But they ended up getting hapy meals on the way back to the hotel!

So for the best experience, leave the kids at home and go expecting a wait that will be well worth it!
I saw a friend of mine mention Hot N Juicy on her Facebook wall while I was in Vegas and quickly Googled it.  It looked EXACTLY like The Boiling Crab in California and right then and there I knew I would be heading down to Hot N Juicy for a meal while I was in Vegas.

It's a seafood place were you order seafood by the pound.  You then choose what type of sauce you want your seafood brought to you in.  They have lemon pepper, cajun, garlic butter etc and you can choose a level of spiciness.  You can also get items added to your seafood like sausage, corn and potatoes.  

They have the regular sides like rice, fries etc.

Once you place your order they bring you a bib and a few minutes later you're brought a bag of delicious juiciness with the seafood that you ordered.

This time I ordered a pound of snow crabs in lemon pepper sauce and a pound of shrimp in cajun sauce.  I got my order a little spicy.

They were both fantastic and at a pretty reasonable price.  The shrimp was $10 and the snow crabs were $17 per pound each.

You're guaranteed to be a mess after this meal so you might as well get down and dirty!
Will consider opening a restaurant in Honolulu???  pretty please?

YES!  It was that delicious!  On my trip to Las Vegas, I was brought here by a couple of friends and I was hooked after that time.  My traveling buddy and I shared a pound of the Hot n Juicy shrimp with sausage, corn, and rice.  It was more than enough for the two of us.  The mild sauce had a big kick to it so if you're not the spicy fan, I don't even recommend the mild!  The sausage was really good as it had a snap to it and the corn was infused with a buttery version of the Hot n Juicy sauce.  The staff was excellent as they were very good with beverage refills as each of us polished off at least two sodas.  

Hot n Juicy kicks all of the North Shore shrimp trucks in the face and make them beg to call it "daddy!"  I wished I had the time to come back again.  Any place that has me craving their food after a couple of weeks deserve 5 stars.
Super yummy and messy! Not a place for a first date or important meeting. You will get messy. I ordered 1 pound of mild crawfish, king crab, shrimp all with the hot n juicy sauce. It was perfect for 2 adults. But if you dont like spicy let me warn you..mild is pretty spicy. Overall if your craving cajun spices and seafood this is the place to go.
Put on a bib and prepare to make a mess on your table covered in disposable plastic.

Hot N Juicy delivers delicious bags of crawfish, crab, shrimp, sausage, and other creole favorites. 

I tried the garlic butter crawfish which was pretty good and lemon pepper shrimp which was also good.  Side corn was delicious and packed with flavor and the sausage was good soaked in the sauce.

The seafood in general is average..  My shrimp was a little overcooked - but still very tasty. It did not seem really fresh - perhaps it was frozen. The sauce is good and completes the meal.  

The service was a little slow - make sure your drink is full as your food arrives or you may get stuck with hot-mouth!

I gave this place 4 stars because it is out in the desert. I love NOLA and I'm from Florida.. so I have high standards for seafood and cajun.  I am a true believer in fresh from the boat to your table. This is not really possible out here and these guys do an excellent job and have a really nifty theme. The place was packed and people seemed to be enjoying their meals on a saturday afternoon.
So hot, so juicy, so good. So this is what everyone's been raving about. "I mean, how good can buttered-up crustaceans really be for people to wait in line for long periods of time?" I wondered to myself as I waited in line, albeit I expected a wait for a party of 14 or so. For people who like to get their hands dirty and have an affinity for head on crustaceans, Hot N Juicy is 5 stars for sure. 

For me, however, I don't like to get my hands dirty (especially under my fingernails), and I prefer my crustacean to be deveined and decapitated before I devour them. Nevertheless, I must say I enjoyed Hot N Juicy. I ordered a pound of shrimp in the signature Hot N Juicy special sauce, medium-level spicy. If you order two pounds or more, you get corn and potatoes thrown in the bag. I wish they would include corn and potatoes with one pound orders though...

With plastic gloves on and paper towels laid out in front of me, I opened the bag of shrimp and spicy steam, and grabbed a shrimp. The worst part about this experience (other than the mess) is cleaning the shrimp before eating. It takes a long time. But I guess it's good to eat slow. The best part about this Hot N Juicy experience is the sauce. The sauce is so tasty- savory, buttery, spicy, garlicky, etc. Make sure to generously dip the meat in the sauce. The sauce is 5 stars, but the shrimp are probably worthy of 3. While some of the shrimp were plump and firm (a sign of freshness), some others were kind of mushy (a sign of age). I detest mushy shrimp!

What would make Hot N Juicy perfect is if they offered complimentary bread to sop up the delicious sauce that comes with your seafood order. That would be cajun heaven right there!
If you haven't tried crawfish or have but didn't like it this place will be sure to change your mind.  This place is terrific.  It's a great spot to sit, chat and have a long dinner as eating crawfish is a process.  I can't wait to go back as I haven't been in a few months.
This place is sooo GOOD!  I was HOOKED after a friend took me here last year.  I ordered a pound of shrimp marinated in the Hot n Juicy special.  I love eating really really spicy foods and the medium spiciness I ordered had just enough kick for me.  My friends ordered crab legs and crawfish marinated in the Hot n Juicy special but I think the shrimp is able to soak more of the delicious marinade and easier to peel.  Heck, I even ate the shrimp's head and I don't normally eat the shrimp's head =)  The marinade is that good!  I'll never be able to go back to Hawaii and eat expensive Giovanni's or any other shrimp trucks again.  Giovanni who?  I can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat there again!
We enjoyed so much last year, so we went back there last week. What happened? The sauce was so watery & blend and not delicious at all. Very disappointed.
Hang Over? The cure is some Hot and Juicy CrawFISH! 

Delicious, Hot and Ready! The cute staff girls are awesome and often bring water for refills because they KNOW you would need water at a place called Hot and Juicy Crawfish! Amazing, must frequent hot spot off the strip when you are in town!
Not a place for a first date... unless... you really want to get to know her/him... it's messy, it's SOOOOOO GOOOOD! I'm currently craving the bag full of succulent shrimp. I could only snap my fingers and be there now. YUM
There were at least 4 flavors of crawfish to get here. The sauce was good and it did not leave me sick with an upset stomach. The shrimp was yummy too. The mild flavor was lacking taste but that's no surprise.
Hot and Mushy is more like it!  This place is WAY over priced, and they do NOT stand behind their food.  We live in a neighborhood of friends, and often get together on a Friday night and order something fun.  Many times it has been Hot and Juicy.  This week we ordered hot and juicy for pickup.  We ordered 13 lbs... 11 lbs of shrimp, and 2 lbs. of crawfish.  The shrimp were inedibly mushy when we got them home.  Luckily, I had defrosted a bunch of king crab legs an lobster tails from Costco.  This higher quality seafood saved the day, and the party.  We called hot and juicy the next day to see if they would refund the money for the shrimp, and that we would gladly bring back the mushy shrimp.  It took 4-5 calls and many hilarious conversations dealing with several of the 20-something children who seem to run the place. One girl said "for the future, I would ask them to put no more than a lb. per bag.  The shrimp are fickle"  Really, young child??  As if we are the ones who packed all of the shrimp in one bag!  I'm not at all convinced the amount per bad has any bearing, but she shed all responsibility, saying she doesn't have the authority to give a refund. After a few more calls with other little girls who had no authority, we finally got a hold of a manager, since the owner is apparently too important to deal with his customers.  He offered a 5% discount on our next order.  when we promised to write the story on Yelp, he upped it to 10%.  The problem is, I don't want disgusting mushy shrimp paste nastiness at any price.  The manager said "I checked with the 'chef' (I'd call him a cook at best) and he said that they were cooked perfectly".  Did he?  Hahaha!  Of course he said that. I have 10 people, one a sous chef at a restaurant in the Bellagio, who beg to differ.  The manager also practically accused us of lying when we told him we order from there often saying "well, I don't see an order history on your card". This, after we had already mentioned that a different person in our group of 10 picks up the food each time. Some of us pay cash.  This place is damned sure not worth the wait, and certainly not worth the exorbitant prices they charge.  They just lost a ton of business from all of us and everyone we know, and don't seem to care at all.  They simply don't stand behind their product at all, so why should we?  Order at your own risk!
Pretty yummy.  This was my first time ever at any crawfish joint, so I can't compare it to anything else like Boiling Crab. :/

6 girls got 5 pounds of crawfish and shrimp, and we took 2 remaining pounds to go.  It was really yummy.  I could munch on the sauce drenched corn cobbs all day. :)

My only gripe about this place is the chlorine tasting tap water.  My friend A used it to dip her crawfish in as the sauce was too spicy for her.  What a great idea.  If you're fine with the sauce, get a corona.  Yum.
I love this place and crave it ALL the time!!! Shrimp in the Hot N Juicy special sauce mild is my all time favorite with a dozen of cajun sausage, but everything else on the menu is very good. Get there early if you are interested in Crab or Lobster because they sell out quickly. One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas!
As a Louisiana native, I love crawfish. So when I wanted to try out this place, I wasn't expecting some awesome crawfish in Las Vegas. When we got there, the place was packed and a crazy line out the door, so I thought it may have decent crawfish so I decided to wait 45 mins to get seated. Anyway, once we got in there, the menu confused me because there were a million different flavors of crawfish to choose from, which is unlike anything I've ever seen; the most flavor you usually choose from in the south is if you want them extra spicy or not. There were 3 of us, so we got a few pounds of crawfish to try out, of different flavors to start, we also got fried catfish, and an order of crab legs. 
   The crawfish were surprisingly pretty tasty! But the catfish didn't taste very good at all, and the crab legs were okay, but extremely overpriced and not for a good reason. Anyway, if I'm craving crawfish again in Vegas, and have time to wait for a seat, I'd go back but I'd only order the crawfish and nothing else.
If you want to get your hands dirty this is the spot!  Crab & beer, no frills, but very good.
I went to the new location in closer to Valley View.  the food was great...but the service was HORRIBLE.  they served us crab with no crab crackers.  we were told that they simply ran out and were washing some but they NEVER came out.  One person in out party cut their had trying to crack the crab.  We called a manager over and she really didn't care at all.  the servers didn't care.  it was HORRIBLE!!! HOW CAN YOU SERVE CRAB WITH NO CRAB CRACKERS!!!! i WILL NEVER COME HERE AGAIN.
Best thing in Vegas!!!!! U should come here if your ever in Vegas..
Take it from a real live coonass cajun...This ain't it. Dumping a ton of cayenne pepper on something does NOT make it Louisiana!
Get ready to get dirty.  Oh yeah, don't be wearing white. Be comfy, cuz u gonna use your hands!  Fun place to try. Wish we had a place like this in Hawaii. 

Food Ordered:
-2 lbs of the crawfish. The hot n juicy special flavor with the extra spicy level. (of course) -fingerlickin good, tear ducts watering, nose running....yumminess.
-Softshell crab (comes with fries) - good
-4 corn - same ole, same ole

Environment
Fairly clean. Wooden tables, some booths, casual.

Service
Decent. Waitress was okay, a little ditzy, but okay. 

Tip
When u get there, the person taking your name down for the waitlist may say, "go to the other NEW location down the block, there is no wait." WRONG, do not listen. We were smart enough to put our name on the list then check out the "new" location....yup, even looongger wait!  Lame. So we went back to the original location and waited just 15 minutes! Not much parking, so CARPOOL or go early!
I dont if it's because I'm tired of boiling crab or something but this place and their hot n juicy flavoring kick boiling crab's whole shabang's ass!!! It wasn't too oily or salty and their spice definitely has more kick. I was sniffling on a mild haha... I tried the shrimp, king crab legs, and lobster  tail and all were pretty bomb! MMMMmmmMMMM
This was one of the best seafood places I've been to for crawfish! It was absolutely good! I ordered 2 lbs of crawfish and also got a potato and corn that was in mild hot&juicy sauce. The flavor was very satisfying and just made me want more. Waitresses there were quite friendly and quick with the food. I liked how it was easy to eat as in the tables had plastic on them for quick clean up and they gave me a plastic bib and there was lots of napkins if I needed any. I would come back anytime again!
"Hands down"!!! This place was so good we had to have it again before leaving Vegas... First time there we ordered the crawfish which I am not to fond of... Calamari was pretty good...  we also ordered shrimps.... the shrimps were so juicy and delicious so much flavor!!! We had the butter garlic, and also lemon pepper I would highly recommend these 2 flavors. We also tried the Cajun seasoning and I am not a spicy person so didn't care much for it.... Anyhow when in Vegas this is one spot to definitely check out :D
Wow! I can't believe that it took me this long to finally try this place.  It has been a long time dream of mine to get down and dirty! 

Hot n Juicy and lemon pepper shrimp at one pound each with a side of white rice. In addition to skin peeling, eating with my hands, sucking the juice out of the shrimp heads, licking the juice from running down your fingers, and drinking the juice from the bag after devouring the shrimps; while all were sitting in my tummy and with a side of beer was EPIC!!!!
After the Man vs. Food special at Hot N Juicy how can one not visit this place while in Vegas. Its location is in Chinatown if you are visiting and staying on the strip, but the cab ride is well worth the money to try these succulent crawfish.

Wait time to be seated was expected for a restaurant seen on Man vs. Food, so don't be surprised. The hostess may even tell you to try their other restaurant down the street with "no wait time," but we of course wanted the real deal. When we were finally seated, service wasn't bad at all for a busy Tuesday night, food came out consistently as we ordered. Which brings me to...THE FOOD!

I suggest tightening that bib across your neck because once that food comes out, get ready to lick those juices around your fingers slowly running down the side of your hands because it's going to get a bit messy!

Sweet potato fries: The perfect balance between sweet and salty. Fries came in a basket and had the right amount of juicy flavor, not dry but not drenched in oil either. A great way to start the beginning of the feast.

3 lbs of Hot N Juicy Special Crawfish and 1 lb of Shrimp: Better than expected! Crawfish come steamed in a bag drenched in their special sauce. Full of flavor and deliciousness! The heads don't come with too much juice, but crawfish meat come exceptionally hefty, as do the shrimp. I actually prefer their seafood drenched in so much flavor than the fire burning crawfish we had at New Orleans! Spice isn't too overwhelming... I think we got the medium. Get the potato and corn as they are steamed in with the crawfish too! 

Well worth the trip and money! We had a great time getting down and dirty with these crawfish and shrimp. I don't think I'll ever find the perfect blend of spice and flavor! This place is a definite must when visiting Vegas!!
I'm comparing this to Boiling Crab...it's not as good and here's why...the sauce is different, kinda tastes like they put cream in there, not worse just different. The clams were not washed well and had sand bits in them. Anyone who's bit into a grain of sand knows what I'm talking about. The catfish basket was more expensive, had a subpar batter and had much less catfish than they give at BC. One thing I'll give them credit for is their shrimp...big and super fresh. BC has tendency for old shrimp that become mushy, so this is one area BC could improve on.
Alright sooo I have a buddy in Vegas who claimed that this place was the shit and way better than Boiling Crab and Claws out here in Orange County so I had to put it to the test. Took a trip to Vegas with a group of our friends and decided to have dinner with one of my friends friends who said we could try this place. 

When we got there it looked to be pretty busy with a fifteen to twenty minute wait which wasn't to bad. The host was pretty cool and talked to us for a bit while we waited for our table. We finally got seated and ordered right away. It pretty much took them 20 minutes or more for them to come out and let us know that our food was going to be coming out a little late due to the rush they had. 10-15 minutes after that was when our food came out. The sauce was good but a bit watery. The shrimp was perfect and not over cooked. The service was alright with the waiter coming to check on his here and there. As I was eating one of the remaining shrimp that was left in the bag I noticed a thick black hair on the head of the shrimp. Normally I would think it was just the whiskers or whatever you want to call it from the shrimp but NO it was straight up a pubic hair with the little white thing on bottom tip of it from wherever the hair was from. My friend decided to take the piece of shrimp with pube still on it up to the front and complain. The asshole Caucasian male waiter gave her attitude and claimed it wasn't hair and that it was one of the whiskers from the shrimp. He said that the hair wasn't purely black and that there was a redish color to it which was bull shit. So my friend came back to sit down with us and was irritated with the waiter for handling the situation the way he did. The host that was talking to us before we got seated walked by and we showed him the hair and even he himself knew it was a piece of hair. He joked around and said "well thats obviously not my hair." and laughed because he had a buzzed head. He finally took care of the situation and took the order of shrimp off the bill for us and apologized. 

Overall... place is over priced compared to what the Cali prices are. The sauce is not too bad but not what I imagined it to be after all the hype. And lastly the service sucked balls but the only thing that made up for it was the host who was nice enough to help us out. Would I go back there ever again? Absolutely not!
OK... so I watched the Man VS Food show and saw this place... And I wanted to eat here.. AND I DID!!! Went during 4th of July weekend... We had to wait 45mins!!! BUT was well worth it!!! Crawfish was yummy and shrimp was  yummy!! Next time I go there I will try the Crabs!!! MMM
I checked out this place in April 2010 to see what the hype was about.  A group of my friends and I came to this place hungry because we saved our appetite for this spot.  I wasn't down for the hour wait that's why they get the minus star but I do not blame them because its such a popular place as it was showed on Man vs. Food.   As we were seated we ordered 1 pound shrimp, 1 pound snow crab and oysters.  It was definitely worth the wait!  You definitely get messy but of course they provide bibs and gloves for you.  If I was in the place again, I would come and eat here again with a group of friends.  Come prepared with the waiting period and a ready appetite! Worth the money and the trip! If you haven't tried it yet, your missing out!!
Just three days ago, my heart was broken. It was love at first bite. I would marry this crab, but I realized that  I can't have my crab and eat it too. I am seriously having withdrawals, which is why I am returning again. And again later this week. And next week.
I've been going to Boiling Crab since I'm from socal and this place is just as good, if not better!! To me, the seasoning is right on par with BC. The one thing I love about this place is that their crawfish are always huge! I've come here a couple times already and every time I come (around lunch time), there is no wait, which is a plus. Definitely recommend this place if you're craving some tasty, flavorful crawfish :)
All I can say is WOW. This is friggin good!

Pros: 

Great Food
Great Service
Moderate Prices

Cons:

Long wait time...

Not sure that can be considered a con since long lines mean that alot of people like this place.... I am no exception to the rule, I actually ate here twice within 4 days.  Some tips:  You have to try the Crawfish in the Hot And Juicy sauce, Medium!  It has just the right amount of spice.  This is a really a one of a kind experience.  Word to the wise, DO NOT WEAR WHITE!!

Definitely worth the trip if you're out in Vegas.
Saw this place on man v food so I had to come in.  What a tourist...I know.  I've never had crawfish before I came here so I was excited.  Parking can suck as the lot gets crowded but there is parking on the street with no sidewalk.  That works I guess.  

Lucky for me I had a huge paper cut on my thumb so I was praying they had gloves and they did. Whew.  My fiance got the crawfish medium and I got the shrimp spicy.  They come and bags, you rip the bag open and then go at it.  It's super hot and the gloves actually helped.  I think you get the best bang for your buck with the shrimp, as the crawfish is all shell.  The crawfish heads are delicious though, smoky woodsy flavor.  However, the shrimp are the way to go, easier eating, more substance, similar flavors.

My glove did get punctured and that spicy sauce going into my paper cut was a great feeling, but not as bad as sauce going into my eye when I accidentally scratched my eye.  Comedy of errors.  

We stopped here on our last two visits to Vegas and think we will continue to do so.  Haven't found a place in LA that competes yet.
Good food but too spicey for my taste buds.
Upon approaching Hot and Juicy the aroma of freshly cooked seafood and blended spices teases you with what it to come. When entering we were pleasantly greeted while the menu was explained to us. The service at this establishment was a highlight. If you ever go, ask for Robin. She was a delight and helped answer many of our questions with a smile. We ordered the crawfish, shrimp, and crab.  All was tasty but the crab outdid itself. Easily one of the best crabs in Vegas, especially for the price. All in all, I recommend Hot and Spicy!
I know a lot of people love this place so i'm trying to review based on what i've heard from others.  As i'm not a huge crawfish/shrimp eater. So removing my bias towards the food, i think the place is great.

You wanna go here if you wanna get down and DIRTY with your crawdaddy's!  You order the suckers by the pound, cooked to perfection with your prefered flavor and spice, crackem open and suck their soul juicy flavored soul out.

If your a shellfish eater this place is a blast to be get grub on cause the tables are just lined with plastic and all you really do is just get your food slapped on your table, open your bag and dig right in baby.  Theres no holdin back.  You'll have a pile of ravaged food 30 mins later and everones gonna think your pregnant with a little food baby in it's 3rd trimester.

Waitiers were always super friendly and it's just a fun rowdy environment. 

Parking kinda sucks goin into the place but hey, you cant winem all right?

I give 4/5 cause while teh food is good i'd like to see better seating.  I'm a tall guy so i'm kinda picky with where i sit and everytime i've come here i just feel crammed.  OH well i can get over it though.  as yelp says "Yay! I'm a fan."
My aunt and cousin are FANS of this spot and said we HAD to check it out!  We ordered the Shrimp, Crawfish, Crab legs, Raw Oysters, Sweet Potato Fries and Chicken wings.  Needless to say it was all devoured.  We are fans and will definitely hit this spot again when we are in town.

Service was hit and miss.  Greeted, Check. Drinks, Check.  Ordered food.  Check.  But, when our meal was complete it took a bit too long to get our check.  Then I had to walk to the register to pay my bill.
==================================================

Updated again: 


They were actually closed, this time, due to health violations in 2010...info from the Las Vegas Review Journal "Restaurant Report": http://www.lvrj.com/taste/restaurant-report-105329198.html

Personally I could care less if a restaurant get's downgraded due to violations because they often are just a bunch of minor things but I am strict, personally, about seafood restaurants. I've eaten at B and C retaurants before...not often..but I have and it was no big deal. But yeah...actually being shut down? Nah. Not for me, because it's seafood. It's up to YOU to make that decision. Most of you may not care, but people like me would want to know if they're going to chow down on shrimp and crawdads.

You would be surprised how many seafood places get downgraded but I don't often read about closures. Anyways...if you want to still eat here I have an idea that may solve things. Watch the restaurant reports and go after the reinspections because they would have fixed all of the problems. I think that's the best one can do with these cases, if you want to eat there but you're still worried.

==================================================

Original update:

I loved the food when I ate there but it's kinda ruined it for ME, because of an old news alert put on Channel 13 action news back in 2009. I just discovered this today as I was researching the art festival First Friday.

I was conflicted about  updating my rating, because it's such old news, but I knew I would have wanted to know anyways, if I were perusing Yelp, so that others could make an informed decision of their own.

I downgraded my rating to A-OK, which is 3 stars. It's not bad, it's not good. I'm more interested in being neutral about this place and letting you decide for yourself.

I had my bad experience in July. The owner addressed the problems in August, to my satisfaction. Then in November they got a C rating with the Health Department.

If you google the Vegas channel 13 news website for their segment called "Dirty Dining", you will find they had run an article on Hot N Juicy  Crawfish about many health district violations from about the time I wrote my reviews.  

The News channel aquired the records of the health inspection which were archived as PUBLIC records. They publish them as a community service. 

-----------

I think it's commendable he fixed the problems listed on the report. Just like he fixed the problems I experienced when I had a bad time there. I admit I'm a little freaked out these problems were there when I was eating there but oh well. I never got sick!

So the final verdict is this:

1) The food tasted great!

2) They've kept their A rating since the 1 time downgrade to C in Nov 2009 by the health department. That's GOOD! They're most likely safe to eat at and you'll have a wonderful time! It's never happened again, and I believe people and habits can change.

3) After reading their reviews, service still seems to be inconsistent, as the norm.

It's just my PERSONAL decision to not eat there any more because I can't get their past violations out of my head after reading the report, but that's just ME.

I'm on the lookout for a new place to try when I have cravings for messy seafood. Any suggestions?
After first seeing this place on Man Vs. Food I went down here to check it out.

Goddamn amazing flavor is the best way to describe it! There are so many different flavors and spice levels so anyone can enjoy some fresh seafood. The shrimp, craw-fish, etc are first cooked in a seasoning and then put into a plastic bag with ANOTHER flavor, a red potato, and a corn cob and tied up to steam as it it brought out to your table.

You sit at the table with a plastic bib and a large plastic table cloth and an endless supply of wet naps and swim in the juicy goodness that they have brought you.

They also have a small selection of cold beers to wash it all down with.

So come on down and enjoy so  piece of Thai/Creole goodness mixed together ;D
OMG....this stuff is like CRACK! This is what I'm going to miss from Vegas. 

My sister, brother and friend went on Sunday afternoon and we ordered:

Soft Shell Crab - It was good and the fries had a kick to it.
Etouffee - Flavorful and pretty spicy.
1 lb. Crawfish - Lots of work, but fun to eat.
1 lb. Clams - These were actually pretty disappointing. Also, seemed to be more empty shells than clams.
1 lb. Shrimp - OMG....I'm not a big shrimp fan, but I ate so many of these.

We went back Monday with two other friends and ordered:

Fried Shrimp - These were ok, but the batter was a bit too thick.
Cajun Fries - Still had a kick to it.
2 lb. Crawfish extra corn - Still was good
2 lb. Shrimp - YUM!
2 lb. Snow Crab - Oh these were good too, but one of our friend inhaled most of it.......I know not to go with him again.
1 lb. Clams - Yeah, I would stay away from these as they are not worth it.
7 Garlic Butter Corn - These were so good. We ordered 4 first and we ended up ordering an additional 3. Must try these!

We ordered mild for all of it and it does make your tongue and lips burn, but seems to fade away by the time you leave. I am definitely going to go CRAZY next time and try......medium! =)

I thought the staff was awesome. There was a mix up and they ended up giving us 1 lb. snow crab on the house which most places wouldn't. Awesome!

I also thought the prices to be very reasonable! 

Can't wait to go back! This is going to our place to go when in Vegas.
Awesome place great food from shrimp to crawfish, I love the juicy Louisiana, great spice and heat....service was alright it's my second time going and they are always busy. Parking sucks because it's so busy there's just not enough of it. Not a long wait time to get seated and and service was fast to the table but then got a little slow. But the food made up for everything, I don't like eating with my hands but it was too good. I will definitely be going back soon......
There's nothing like hearing you boss suggest that we should go to "Hot and Juicy" for dinner after a long day of work. Just saying the name made me feel a bit inappropriate around my boss. 

Nonetheless, Hot and Juicy has decent shrimp and craw fish and the wait time wasn't absurd.  The staff is pretty friendly and accommodating. Their seasoning isn't as good as Boiling Crab, something is off with the flavor. I think the lack of butter or oil or something.....but its not as intense as BC which I guess is good for someone like me, who's stomach can't handle the spicyness of BC sometimes. Either way, I left very full and satisfied but if Boiling Crab ever moves into town, Hot and Juicy better watch out!....just sayin.
Let me start by saying that the flavor of my crawfish was excellent.  I especially like ordering the side of rice and pouring some of the sauce over the rice, phenomenal!  Now let me throw some criticism in.  The service was a complete embarrassment.  It seemed as though the servers had no direction or coordination.  I understand this place is usually a madhouse, but that should mean the wait staff should be pros at handling a full house.  After we got our first order, our table was completely neglected.  One of us didn't even get our meal.  They brought it out after I had walked up to the bar and mentioned our table is a ghost town.  By the time they came with the rest of our food, we told them to take it back, we're ready to go.  Hopefully, I caught them on an off night, we all have those.  I will be back, and I will write an updated review, but don't you disappoint me again.
This place comes close to Boiling Crab; the house special seasoning is lighter and not as thick.

I always get shrimp but I noticed that the crawfish is huge here! 

I love how the garlic in the sauce is minced up! Mmmmmmm
This place is like Boiling Crab but not as good. The service is super good. I really enjoyed the oysters and soft shell crab. One thing I missed was the lime dip that you get at Boiling Crab. I was disappointed that the craw fish was so tiny because I read on yelp that they are bigger than Boiling Crab. Overall it was a nice dining experience and the prices are almost the same as Boiling Crab.
This place is helllllllaaaa good. But on my last day in Vegas I got food poisoning from eating a bad crawfish from this place! Booooo but it was delicous before I got sick so minus one star
This was my chioce for my birthday dinner last week, so that should tell you something right off the bat.  It's excellent.  Hot n Juicy is on my list of places to take out of towners.  It's sits right next to Nora's and Fierfly in my book for something, different, excting, deliciuous, fun, and affordable. It is always packed! We went Monday night at 8:30 and still had to park across the street and wait 30 minutes to be seated.  But, it's worth it.  

The funny thing is, I don't even eat the crawfish. I go for the crab! The shrimp and clams are also very good.  This place is really great because you can personalize your selction.  Pick your seafood, pick your sauce, pick your level of spice.  NOTE: They are not kidding around here - SPICY MEANS SPICY.  They put all your grub in a plastic bag and serve it to you tied in a knot.  You can have them add corn, or potatoes insode as well.  I stick to 1 lb. of crab hot n juicy special medium.  I like to get corn on the cob thrown in there, plus order some sausage on the side. Rolls are a must to soak up the rest of that garlic butter infused seafood juice.

The service isn't that great but isn't that always the case for the best grub.  

Strap on your bib, and get ready for your lips to burn, your nose to run, and your beer to slip out of your galicky hands.
Super busy but worth the wait. The only downside is the fact that your clothes and hands will smell like old bay seasoning for a few days. Visited while on vacation and I couldnt wear those jeans again for the weekend... BUT the food was GREAT!!!!!!!!!
I wanted to avoid the overpriced Vegas strip restaurants during this most recent visit so I decided to check out some eateries off the beaten path.  I love crawfish and I'm a huge Boiling Crab and was very excited to check this place out, especially after all the positive reviews.

The ambiance was cool and laid back, and the staff was actually very helpful and accommodating.  The better half and I decided to each do 2 lbs of crawfish, both in the hot n juicy flavor but mine in medium spice and hers in spicy.  We also split a side of fried calamari.

The amount of food we ordered was actually dead on and the calamari added a nice contrast to the crawfish.  The crawfish, however, was just okay.  Perhaps my expectations were too high but as other reviewers have mentioned, there's something off about the flavor.  It was a bit bland, even though I could see tons of garlic on every single crawfish.  Dipping it in the lime w/salt, pepper and chili powder helped a little but the flavoring was still a bit lacking.

All in all, it was an okay meal.  Would I come back?  Probably not but it was a nice alternative to food on the strip.
This is a recent discovery of mine. 
It's hard to find a good place that only does seafood, and not just with the plain old butter. As many of stated, you will be expected to get your hands dirty at this place, however they do offer bibs and gloves if needed. And if seeing shrimp with their heads on scares you, then this is not the place for you.  I'm not a big crawfish fan, I just stick to my regular choice when I come here, Hot & Juicy style, Mild, 1 lb of shrimp with corn & sausage with a bowl of rice on the side. It comes to less than$15 total before tax & tips. It is cheap considering it's fresh and well-seasoned seafood!

The only down side I would say is the parking as many have mentioned here. I was lucky couple times and found a spot in their little strip mall parking lot. But other times I had to park in Church's Chicken lot because all the side streets were taken. And throughout dinner I was nervous that my car would get towed, but luckily it didn't. So my suggestion is carpool, go early if you can! Otherwise if you have a big party and go later, be expected to wait at least 30~45 min at least.
holy sh*t, i love this place.!!  literally, sh*t... frankly, having this as one of my favorite digs defies common logic as i KNOW eating here will make me sh*t like crazy later.!

*NOTE this is the same review for their new restaurant.   the only difference is layout.   the service, price, and quality of food does not diminish from one place to the other.

TIME SPENT
once a week @ Lunch/Dinner times.

LAYOUT
HJnC seems to be a chain and, for Vegas, this location is the older of the two found in Chinatown.   unlike their newest store, this location has more of a "dive-in" look.   it's an open space look with squared tables and 2/3 half moon shaped booth seating towards the back.   

i've stopped coming to this location ever since the new one opened, but i recall the VERY long lines to get in.   they have a couple of seats to help with the waiting inside, but those fill up quick, and so it leads to many customers sitting around randomly (sp.?) outside.

also note that ths location has LIMITED parking.!   customers tend to park around a adjacent neighborhood or at the shopping center over (tow warning).

this issue may be gone with the new store opening...   but, garunteed - HJnC is always crowded nonetheles.^^

SERVICE
no matter which HnJC you're at, the service is OUTSTANDING.   people are cheerful and conversational.   not only do servers ask what you need, but EVERYONE who works there will also eventually ask what you need.

FOOD
there's an arguement here on how good the food is.   as i rave about the taste, my southern friends disagree that it's better back home.^^;

my one CON is the Snow Crab's "freshness" being on par with local buffet quality.   i found the shell soft and flavor off (sauce saves it).    you are basicly paying $16 a 1ib for something you can pay $24 and eat without limit at a buffet ($15 @ Rio's World Buffet as a local).

i have ALOT of friends who don't like shellfish, so can recommend their sweet-potato fries, shrimp etouffe (sp.?), battered shrimp, and battered catfish as alternate foods...  all of which, i don't order, but highly enjoy stealing from those who do.^^

PRICING
on average, i eat 6-8ibs of various items (crawfish, clams, snow crab) which normally run $50-$80.   i've had friends do 1-2 ibs of things and spend $20ish...  maybe that'll give you a rough idea.

CLOSING
HnJC will leave you with a lasting impression.  the service and welcoming you recieve there make it feel like you're eating at home with friends.   it also doesn't hurt that all the waitresses are gorgeous to boot.^^   it's as if they the catalogue of Suicide Girls were waitressing the establishment.!

TIPS
1.  SAUCES: please don't bother with getting anything under SPICEY.   the seafood just tastes bland otherwise.    EXTRA SPICEY will make you cry.
2.  Wear clothes u don't care about so you don't have to wear those ridiculous looking bibs...  some people go as far as wearing hamburger helper gloves to eat.!   please save yourself the embarrassment of looking stupid.
3.  i like to save whatever sauces is left over and pour them into one bag to go.   i know - it sounds YUCK...  but the sauce is great with everything you cook.   Omelletes (sp.?), over dry noodles with egg, etc.
I wanted to celebrate my friends birthday on my day off so I decided to treat her and her fiance to some Hot and Juicy Crawfish.  I grew up in so cal where Boiling Crab reigns supreme, and after moving to Vegas I've had an empty void that needed filling.  I saw the Man vs Food episode and I've read the reviews before stepping in, So I came in excited, hungry and craving crawfish.   

Between the 3 of us this is what we ordered. dozen raw oysters, catfish basket, 2# shrimp hot n juicy special very spicy with corn and sausage, and 1# crawfish hot n juicy special medium spicy.

The only complaint about the service was that our raw oysters, which should have been the first thing to come out, showed up on the table last.

Raw Oysters- accompanied by cocktail sauce, lemons, horse radish and tabasco.  I'm a big fan of oysters and these were decent in size (comparable to hama hama), but without any accompaniments they were very bland.  Oysters are suppose to taste like the sea, but these were washed so much they tasted watery and flavorless.  

Catfish basket- breaded in a cornmeal crust served over a bed of french fries and accompanied by ketchup and tartar sauce.  Personally I'm not a big fan of cornmeal breading, but I can't really hold that against the establishment and their recipe.  Catfish was moist and flaky and had a hint of cayenne which perfected the "Southern" flavor.  I actually enjoyed this the most.  

Shrimp hot n juicy special very spicy-  We ordered this with corn and sausage, both of which were awesome.  the corn was sweet and complimented the spice well. the sausage was spicy and tender and added a bold meaty flavor to the sauce for the shrimp.  the "hot n juicy special" sauce isn't as flavorful as I expected, and the "very spicy" here is comparable to  "medium spicy" at Boiling Crab.  But the flavor was decent and the shrimp themselves were "okay".  Not the freshest shrimp I've ever had but they weren't rotten or anything, but what can you really expect in the middle of the desert? 

Crawfish hot n juicy special medium spicy-  I'm debating whether or not I should even review this item just because I should have known better than to order this when I already know that crawfish is out of season at this time.  Needless to say we received a previously frozen, bland, rubbery product.  So I'm just going to comment on the sauce, which was the same on the shrimp, but this had significantly less flavor.  Perhaps, more spicy=more flavor, or it could be that there wasn't sausage and corn in this bag to add to the flavor.  

Maybe I'm being a bit unfair because I'm comparing this establishment to Boiling Crab.  However the food was decent and a better alternative to a lot of other restaurants I've been to in Vegas.  If I was asked to come here again, I would, but I don't see myself CRAVING Hot and Juicy Crawfish like I do for Boiling Crab.  I guess my best advice is if you're a Boiling Crab fan don't expect too much out of this place.  if you're just looking to satisfy a seafood craving this would be a good supplement while you're out in the middle of the desert.
Wow! This is one of the best restaurants to go for in Vegas. I actually live here in las vegas but has never gone to this place until today. I can't believe I'm missing out on all this crazy goodness. This place is simply the bomb!

We got each a pound of shrimp and crawfish and man was that good. The shrimp was absolutely to die for and the crawfish is just so so. The shrimp was big and juicy and really easy to peel but the crawsfish was pretty small and hard to peel. We got garlic butter as the seasoning and it really complimented the spicyness. One thing, they take spicy seriously.. Our food had a less mild mix and I thought it was already really spicy. Can't really eat them without rice in my opinion. I recommend ordering their sausage too. It was very yummy with their garlic butter seasoning. However, get ready to wait in line before getting seated cause this place tends to get really crowded.

In other words, this place is really the sh*t!! I would go back here soon... very soon... Amazing place! go go go try this joint out!
It is so delicious that you can't stop.
I am incredibly glad that we came here during my first trip to Vegas and didn't even have to wait.

It is a very busy place and we had at least two people serving us.  My sister and I shared 4 lbs of the Hot N Juicy flavour medium, as well as a bowl of white rice.  

Amazing.  Seriously.  The crawfish were fresh and delicious.  The sauce was addictive and I poured some on the rice.  We could have gone hotter and probably will next time.  And $3 beers?  Yay!  I tried a shrimp, which was cooked perfectly.  The Cajun fries unfortunately was lost on me since my mouth was so full of the crawfish seasoning.  Everything was pronounced very tasty and it was fun getting dirty.

The price was reasonable and we made plans to come back for lunch in two days.  Unfortunately, we didn't make it and I will just have to drive down to DC instead.  

Go here and you will not be disappointed.  Definitely worth the trip off the strip.
Four stars for taste. 
Love the corns! Do get corns!

Besides their shrimp & crawfish, try their wings and french fries. Not sure what it is but it's good!

One star for service. Blah-
Got the Spicy Crawfish Hot n Juicy style 2 pounds.... Loved it, so much flavor cant wait to go back and try the crab legs and shrimp.
After watching bloated food-sack Adam Richman wolf down some crawfish here on his Food TV show, I knew I had to make a stop next time I was in town. I also feel obligated as a former New Englander who was practically weaned on shellfish. 

I was instantly hit with a strong aroma when I walked in the door - a mixture of all the delectable seasonings & sauces on tap with a heavy dose of steamed seafood. If they made a candle for this scent, I'd have it in every room. The waitress gave us the low down on the menu, advising that you order by the pound and the most common order was seasoned with their hot & juicy seasoning with medium heat. 

I ordered a pound of crawfish hot & juicy with medium heat. I would've gone hotter, but I obviously wasn't familiar with what they consider hot yet, and nothing can ruin a potentially tasty meal more than ordering it too hot and searing your tongue off. The waitress said that a pound of crawfish is more of an appetizer than a meal - and she was right - but I was on a food binge, so I didn't need to overstuff myself. I just want a sample of the goods. 

They drop the order off at your table in a nondescript plastic bag. I ordered an ear of corn and had it thrown in the bag, which I highly recommend because it soaks up all the juices and - honestly - it was so good I wanted to eat a dozen more. The crawfish were delicious, but I think it's too much work for too little payoff. You hardly get any meat out of them, and unless you really know what to crack open and where, you might miss out on some extra morsels. I found that the younger crawfish still had very tender shells, so I'd just scarf those down whole. The rest I ate the tails off, then mutilated their corpses and made finger puppets out of the carapaces. 

I'm definitely coming back here with the intention of making a full meal out of it. The market prices weren't too bad - crawfish was $9.99/lb - and I still need to try the lobster and clams, two of my all-time favorite foods. The staff was helpful to a noob like me, and they get the food out fast. Bonus points: I got a bib with a lobster on it.
Again, another great off strip foodie find.  I dined here on 9/4/11 with my hubby and his brother and cousins.  We got here around 8:45PM and this place was jammed packed with people inside the restaurant and people waiting outside the restaurant.  We had to wait a good 30-45 minutes before we were actually seated.  Staff awesome and helpful.  While we were waiting outside in the desert heat, the hostess came out and served us all ice waters, which was a really nice gesture knowing that it was hot and we were all waiting patiently for a table.  

OMG, food here is fantastic!!  Everyone in my party loved the crawfish and shrimp.  We ordered both crawfish and shrimp in their Hot N Juicy Special seasoning.  It was amazing!!!!!  We also ordered crawfish and shrimp in their garlic butter sauce.  So good!!!!  My brother in law said that this place was way better than Boiling Crab and had better prices too!  

They had really delicious Cajun fries and their catfish and chicken wings are very tasty goodie too!  The Cajun fries were spicy and can sneak up on you!  :)


TIP:  Parking is limited, you may need to park on the street.  Try to get there as early as possible as this place gets crazy busy!!!!
Great place if you like it hot n spicy!!!  I ordered fresh oysters on a half shell which was great served over a platter of ice.  The fried catfish was great but I would probably not do the fried shrimp with it breaded.  The shrimp without the breading would probably be best.  Overall it was packed in there and the food was great!!!  I would definitely come back again and its perfect for small groups!
Love the quick service, casual atmosphere and the food is so very very yummy. 

We were on vacation this past weekend and we took a chance after seeing it on Man vs. Food. So good.

Even my super picky 3 year old loved it. He polished off 1/2 a pound of crawfish himself. 

Try it  and you will not go away feeling hungry.
This place looked so good on MVF, I had to come here and try it. 

There's two Hot N Juicy Crawfish restaurants less than a mile from each other. The cab driver was a little confused too,  but he said this one was the one that he drops everyone off at. 

First off, the servers are very friendly. They might not have been very quick to get our food order or remember to bring everything, but they were all super nice. 

There were 6 of us in the group and we decided to order by pairs. It's hard to not share and hard to share with the entire group. You'll see it gets really messy and there's no way of passing things around the table. So the easiest way to eat is to share with the person next to you or across from you. 

We ordered the shrimp, crawfish (of course), clams, and king crab legs. You also get a choice of sauce and spiciness. Everyone ordered the hot n juicy sauce (a mix of 3 of the choices). I usually eat my Thai food 4 stars and ordered medium spiciness. It was pretty good for me, although I could have used a little more spice. It might be too spicy for people that don't eat hot foods. 

The food comes out in bags and you just dig in with your hands. There's bibs and gloves for everyone (highly recommended). I loved the clams and shrimp. The crab legs didn't have much flavor. The crawfish were just a pain in the ass- a lot of work for nothing. I would probably skip that next time. In fact, everyone in our group was saying how great the food was- EXCEPT for the pain-in-the-ass crawfish :) 

I would highly recommend this place. The food is good, service is great, and the atmosphere is so much fun. And prices were not bad if you're used to the astronomical prices on the Strip.
Some of the Best seafood around. "Garlic & Butter" anything! Scrumptious to say the least. Go H&J!
Hot N Juicy is pretty good. I had a pound of shrimp with the Hot N Juicy special sauce (which I guess is a combo of all the sauce flavors). The shrimp was slightly overcooked which made them hard to peel, but the flavor of the sauce was excellent!

I'm from Cali and I am a big fan of The Boiling Crab so the sauce is up there with Boiling Crab's whole shabang. My one complaint about the sauce would be that it was too watery/thin and it didn't stick to the shrimp very well.

I also had the cajun fries and it wasn't my favorite as I've had better elsewhere.

I hear they are opening a Boiling Crab out here in Vegas but until then, I'll probably be back if I ever have a craving.
I got this recommendation from a Las Vegas Hoya!  What a great recommendation it was.  I have seen this place recently near Woodley Park on Connecticut Avenue in Washington, D.C.  I have to pay it a visit.  This place is worthy of All-Madden status.  Crab Legs with a delicious blend of Cajun and Creole spices in a bag.  It does not get much better than this.  The crawfish etoufee appetizer is wonderful--more like a soup than the traditional etoufee I am used to.  I had the stone crab legs which were wonderful, but I think the King Crab legs are the best.  This is not a place you would see Rachel Ray at, but I love it!  Thanks to the Las Vegas Hoyas!  We are Georgetown!
I've driven past this place about 50 times, thinking..."I wonder if it's any good or am I going to be sick as a dog after I throw my money away?"  I am more than happy to say this place is awesome.  It's also packed!  Lot's of spice choices on the menu, lot's of variety of mud-bugs, crustaceans, shellfsh and such.  Also lots of sides, in Southern Style.  It can be messy, so if you take a date here make sure it's like your guys 20th date or so.  Because your hands are going to be covered in hot spices (even with the gloves) and it's a pretty messy/smelly affair, great...but messy.  I never tried it at the other location but I was more than pleased with this one.  The wait staff is awesome, more than willing to make sure you are okay and need anything, they are on top of it, even if they aren't your server they are checking on everyone.  If you have been wishy-washy in the past, don't dally any longer, this place rocks!
Dear miss manners:
  I was invited to this place to eat crawfish. I had never tried crawfish before so I was not aware of the intense labor that is required to eat these little creatures. But it's ok because at the end you are rewarded with lots of flavor.  It was so messy I had to wear a bib, and the only way to eat them was using nothing but your fingers! I had to put aside everything my mother had taught me on table etiquette.
  I have to admit that I had a wonderful time. This place is awesome. The food the service and the ambiance were exceptionally good. Everyone seems to be having a wonderful time! Can't wait to come back and try other things. Like the shrimp the crab legs or the oysters!
  My question is.... Is it bad when you like something so much to the point of licking the juices of the fingers? Even if the fingers are those of your friends?
In Hawaii, you get shrimp trucks. In Vegas, you get Hot N Juicy Crawfish!

This place is amazing! You order a pound (or five) of whatever seafood you want in whatever sauce you want and they bring it to you in a plastic bag so you can get your hands dirty! Oh, and it gets messy (but don't worry, they have a bib for that).

This place is pretty packed and there's a wait, but it's worth it. There are many types of seafood to choose from (shrimp, crab, crawfish, etc) as well as seasonings and the level of spice you want. Hot N Juicy Special was the best. The price is relatively low, the shrimps were decently sized, and the service was excellent. If you don't want to get your fingers dirty, you can always ask for gloves (but where's the fun in that). Also, remember to add Cajun fries and a side of rice (if you're local like me)!

Since there's no place like this back home, I'm going to have to try replicating this in my kitchen. :)
OMG!! this place is a MUST MUST MUST. Featured on Man v. Food. I was never a big seafood person till I ate here. 
crawfish, shrimp, oyster, crab in lemon pepper medium heat
Hawt n' Joosay!

The name really says it all for this place.  The sauce is hot, the food is juicy.  Get a garbage bag of food and tap into your inner caveman.  Most crawfish joints do kind of the same thing but the variations in the sauces make them different.  What sets this place apart is they use the sichuan pepper (i think) which leaves your mouth a little numb but taste great and creates a unique spiciness.  As far as the items to order Ive had most of the menu but here are my suggestions.

King Crab Legs  - Hands down the item to get.  Huge chunks of crab with little effort.  You just have to know how to use the little plastic claw tool.  Use one side to make a crack then the other to slice through like scissors through paper.  Ask your server if you need help.  Don't be afraid of the price these are well worth it, trust me you wont be sorry.  

Shrimp - If your not going big with the crab legs then these are the best bang for your buck.  Best meat to price ratio and easy to eat.

Corn - Soaks up the sauce like a sponge.  Make room in your gut for this.  Don't Sleep! 

Fries - Regular or Sweet Potato are both tasty and good sharing choices to break up all the buttery spice from the seafood.

Sauce - I prefer the everything mix or whatever they call it here.  I also prefer extra spicy which I wouldn't suggest for most people.  Even spicy has a kick to it.

They can handle large groups and there is a second one down the street if this one is full.
I came here bc of ADAM RICHMAN.

Adam's been pretty spot on on some of his food tasting adventures. Theres this one fried catfish locale in OK that was GREAT. Ike's in SF was amazing. so of course I had to go try his places in vegas. 

I've only ever had fried crawfish before in tn, so this was my first live crawfish place. Everybody said the spiciness was spicy, and as a non spicy eater, I took the mild (a little bit spicy). However, it wasn't spicy to me at all. so i think everything is a lil overhyped. The crawfish was Good! It was dfeinitely an experience. they give you these cute little bibs to put on, and the crawfish come out in a plastic bag for each customer. You order by the lb, and 1 lb/per customer is definitely enough. On the other hand, the CORN is great!!! omg i love the corn that comes in with the bag. its really great. 

I only give it 4/5 stars bc the crawfish were good, but not AMAZING. I will have to say adam richman, this was a bit of a disappointment but I think I went in with super high expectations. (i also like everything fried, literally everything i eat i love it fried, so the fact that it wasn't fried i think deducted 0.5 stars)

But in the end, its a good place! i would definitely recommend. I've been to new orleans before and had authentic seafood there, and it had a very similar authentic taste.

(Also surprised at the cheapness of the bill)
It's all about the Hot and Juicy special sauce! spicy please! 

    I came here a few weeks ago on a visit to Vegas and had to hit up Hot N Juicy Crawfish for shrimp, crawfish, and snow crab.  I was only in Vegas for two days and I went there twice!  I like the different variations of seafood they have at this place.
   
     It was a little crowded when I got there, but only 30 mins or so.  After getting seated I already knew what I wanted, so I ordered the hot juicy special snowcrab, crawfish, and shrimp.  I put my bib on and waited for my order with my ice cold heineken.  Once the food got there I went to town with it. 
   
     I love the idea of using my hands to man handle the food.  Good stuff, definitely worth the trip if your ever in Las Vegas...forget the buffets.  Hot N Juicy crawfish is where you wanna be.
Hate to rate sooo low but honestly, if there was a choice to put zero stars, I would.

Went today...craving crawfish...was told because crawfish out of season, they had only frozen or live brown crawfish.

I never had either so I asked the waiter to give me a suggestion.  She shrugged and said many customers take the frozen.  

Decided 1 lb of frozen and 1 lb of brown....this was the worst food I have ever tasted!!!!!!!!   So I told waiter to take back the frozen (only ate 2 pieces) because it was nasty and give me a lb of shrimp instead.

Shrimp sucked too!  and worst of all, i got charged 6.99 for the two pieces of crawfish I ate, which I almost gagged on.

So, I gave zero tip!  For those of you trying to compare Boiling Crab to Hot N Juicy, my suggestion, wait for BC to open up here.  Should be soon.  I live in Las Vegas and am telling you to SAVE YOUR $$$$$
Very good cajun fixin!  As soon as my wife & I landed in Las Vegas, we went straight to Hot N Juicy Crawfish and it was off da hook!!!  You'll love the entire experience here, the entire staff greets you when you come in and all of the waiters are always checking up on you (GREAT SERVICE!!!).

Now, on to the food.  We ordered the 2lbs. of Crawfish special (Garlic Butter & Hot N Juicy Special "Spicy"), cajun fries, hot rolls and Etouffee.  I've been to New Orleans and always loved Cajun/Creole food, but this place definately helps get your craving fixed in a hurry.  I absolutely loved the Etouffee and craved it everyday that I was there.  After trying Hot N Juicy, it will be a ritual to go straight here from the Airport once we arrive.
No Plates no silverware. I love Crawfish one way hot and spicy. I have been to Hot N Juicy Twice enjoyed the meal both times. It is a dinner that goes great with a beer. 

Always get corn and a potato that makes it a meal. 

Greg
I'm a fan for sure. There aren't that many places in Vegas where you can dig into a sack of crawfish, so Hot & Juicy definitely sets themselves apart. 
We had oysters, crawfish, shrimp, sweet potato fries, and chicken fingers (for the non-seafood eater). The oysters were good, nothing special. I really enjoyed the lemon pepper sauce on the shrimp. The crawfish were awesome - pretty spicy and we only got medium! I didn't try the chicken fingers, but I can imagine...
Prices are reasonable, service was good, atmosphere is bustling, like it should be.
Wow, prepared to be blown away by the intense flavors that are this casual eatery's signature.  We ordered several pounds of crawfish (hot & juicy, mild), shrimp (hot & juicy, mild), chicken wings, and snow crab.  We also had sides of rice and creole fries.  Even though we ordered mild, these crawfish really pack some heat and a lot of garlicky goodness.
The corn that comes in the bag is so saturated with the yummy sauce, and I wish there were more corn cobs in the bag.  I also wish I had some bread to sop up all the sauce.
I actually enjoyed the shrimp and snow crab more than I did the crawfish, probably because there's more meat and the shell is easier to peel.
This is a place where you get down and dirty, bibs and all (gloves optional).  Really fun and worth checking out.
I've dined here three times so I know the drill.

1. Skip the crawfish and go for the shrimp. Crawfish is way too much work for that tiny piece of meat! I've had the crab legs as well and didn't think they were worth the price.
2. Order Hot n Juicy sauce mild or medium. The mild used to be pretty spicy but last time I was there, it wasn't as hot. Did they change their ratio of seasonings?
3. The catfish is the bomb.com! The cornbread coating was crispy and not oily at all.
4. It gets messy but that's part of the experience. They even give you a cute little bib.

What really impressed me was my server the last time I was there. I forget her name but she was such a sweetheart. She took the time to explain the menu to my friends and she was very patient. Keep up the good work guys.
good heavens... 

we had a pound of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, and a pound of snow crab legs... everything was amazing... we had the Hot N Juicy sauce, medium spicy... it was unbelievable...

i've been to boiling crab (which i love) and other similar type places... and hands down, hot n' juicy is the best.  ALWAYS a must for me whenever i'm in sin city.
OMG! Love on a Plate! So me and my mom went last night and it was amaze-balls! My dad is a southern man and i grew up eating southern food and the crawfish here were freakin huge! as well as the shrimp me and my mom got a pound of crawfish a pound of shrimp and a fried shrimp basket. I so can not wait to go back!
I was lounging on the couch and was watching Man vs. Food. Okay, this pique my curiosity about crawfish. So, what happens when you're in vegas for a bachelor's party for a few days? We ended up at Hot N Juicy. We were seated soon. But as we sat there, the dinner rush hour started to near and the line has gotten long. There was even a waiting list. We ordered 2 lb of crawfish with extra corn and lobster. 
The crawfish was good. But it was alot of work for such little meat. The lobster was a little more expensive but it was so worth it. There was so much meat, we didn't have to spend too much time getting to the succulent meat. The dinner rolls came to us warm. Too bad it took 2 bites and it was gone. 
Even though it was good, but being spoiled by my regular spot in Portland, Oregon, I really can't say it's THAT good as My Brother's Crawfish.
#las vegas #Crawfish Well, like many other reviewers me and my wife brother in law and his wife had to stop here to eat. We once saw it on FoodNetWork and wanted to try it. 
We all ordered a the famous Crawfish of course in all their flavor's that they had to offer, but "the spicy" stay away from it! it really is super HOT!!!

We also ordered their 5ib Lobster because we wanted to try it and it was great as well. All their food items were made Fresh, Fast, and Delicious as  well.  Me and my Brother in law had few beers along too. The price and services were Awesome! The dude that works there was super FUNNY! and very helpful too. Even though he was busy he still gave us the time to look through out the menu... So go ahead of time and get their early because the place is PACKED and super busy all day long! 

A+ i WOULD love to go back again and again every chance I get! But dress easy it will be messy and dirty! lol fun place to eat at....
I will keep this nice & sweet.... There is NO BETTER EATING IN LAS VEGAS, other than a buffet!

This is the BEST Crawfish and seafood I've had at fair prices in too long.

The smell & food is better than sex... Maybe not sex, but it is almost there!
I can't understand why this place doesn't have an across the board five star review. A local friend of mine took me here for lunch so I wasn't really expecting anything. Wow. I had a pound of their snow crab legs (plus corn and potato) in their very spicy sauce. It was amazing. 

The entire meal comes in a plastic bag, good thing I put on the bib! If I had a straw I would drink the rest of the sauce with it! If I had to complain about anything it would have to be that my very spicy sauce wasn't very spicy, actually pretty mild. I am going to assume I got the wrong sauce because I was told it was going to be overwhelming. The sauce was a perfect blend of sweet, spice, and buttery garlic goodness. The corn and potato were mixed right in with the rest of the meal (yes in the plastic bag), If I hadn't been with a local I wouldn't have know to order this. 

I travel to Vegas often enough that this will definitely become my favorite place to go for lunch.
I have been craving crawfish since I dined here over Labor Day weekend. We were in Vegas for my sisters birthday and if you know anything about me and my sister is that we love food.  Our trip was planned around where we would be eating the entire time.  That's how we roll.

We came here on a Friday night and luckily got seated right away.  We had heard of long long wait times so we planned on coming earlier than later.  

Once seated, we looked at the menu and ordered up our meal.  4lbs of Hot and Juicy crawfish for my sister and me, oysters for me and the hubs and he and my brother in law ordered shrimp.

Although the service was slow, the food was not.  They were brought to us in plastic bags all steaming and full of flavor.  The crawfish were ah-mazing.  They were so hot to the touch that I didn't care if my tongue got burnt. I could not get enough of them.  The seasoning was addicting and wanted to have it on everything.  The boys were done eating before sis and I even really got started.  We can put a lot back.

Come here.  Don't walk. Run.  Or drive since its off the strip.  You will thank me.  But just a warning, your clothes will smell like the food.  It's that potent.
Whenever we're in Vegas, Hot & Juicy Crawfish is always on our to do list.  In fact, yesterday when I flew in to Vegas, it was my first stop after getting my rental car.  Besides, what's not to love about food served in a plastic bag with rolls of paper towels on the table right?

My friend ordered a pound of Garlic Butter shrimp, a pound of Garlic Butter crawfish, an I ordered my usual Hot & Juicy special shrimp, medium.  That would be the only thing I would warn you about is the spice level.  I like spicy food and even the medium makes me think twice sometimes.  The flavor is a perfect balance of heat, spices, garlic, butter and just awesomeness.  I hope to go one more time before I leave.
YOU FUCKING OWN The Boiling Crab! Haha. I had this the same week I had boiling crab and I totally noticed the difference. OMG, the sauce here is AMAZING. I usually just order the shrimp-- sooo goood. And don't forget to order a side of sweet potato fries!!! MMM MMM! Not a fan of crawfish even though that's what the restaurant is known for. Funny thing, I saw this place on Man vs. Food-- the owner is Asian, yet the food is Cajun/Creole...HMM. OH WELLS- it's still AMAZING!
There are two of these on the same road, so I'm not sure which we went to. I'm not a huge crawfish fan, but my girlfriend is a fanatic. She ate three pounds of the little bugs! The service was fast and friendly, the place smells amazing, and the food was great. I recommend the Hot and Juicy special seasoning, it was all buttery and garlicky, two of the best things on the planet if you ask me. The girlfriend was a little sad that crawfish was out of season, but she said the frozen ones were almost as good as the fresh, and they were a lot cheaper too!
Saw this restaurant on the Travel Channel and had to try when we're in Vegas.  It was amazing!  First time trying crawfish so I can't compare but I wasn't impressed, we also had the shrimp, king crab and calamari...all were amazing!  The mild had a kick to it but I loved it.  Definitely would go back!  Only wished they opened a little earlier...11?
STAY away from the Dungeness crab.  They claim its fresh but they are actually recooking cooked crabs.  The meat was mushy upon opening so we complained and received another new crab. It was however the same mushy and spoiled crab.  Other than that everything else was fine.
SCREW THE CASINOS, CLUBS, AND BUFFETS!!  Vegas is good for ONLY ONE thing and that's Hot N Juicy Crawfish!

This is by far (and don't worry I edit) the BEST crawfish shack I've ever grubbed at.  The crawfish is literally piping HOT and JUICY.  I ordered the house seasoning, which was finger-licking-good!  There are two bummers though-- one, it's pricey &  two, it gets packed.  

Of all the things to gamble on, this is a sure bet! ;)

FYI-All the fancy pants eaters have been forewarned because this place is for those that aren't afraid of getting nitty-gritty with their food!
Again, yelp pointed me towards this gem.  The waitress was kind enough to warn us that the crawfish was out of season before we ordered it so it would all be frozen.  She also walked us through the menu.  The only complaint I have was when we asked us about mild spice vs. no spice for my daughter's crawdads order.  She said mild wasn't too spicy so we ordered it and it ended up not being very "mild" at all.  We ordered a new batch with no spice and she "reminded" us that the mild was kind of spicy, which was not what she actually said but who cares!  The food was pretty awesome and I didn't go there to argue so I pressed!  I also ordered the fried soft shell crab with cajun fries and it was very tasty.  The fries were pretty good!  Get ready to put your plastic bib on and dig in!  Overall, very good food and I would definitely check it out again.
I hate to give this place 2 stars because of a server's fault. The last time I was there, our server placed the wrong order for our table.

I ordered two different flavors of shrimp with one pound each. But the server somehow only heard one flavor. Everyone else in my table heard that I ordered two flavors. 

It's fine when someone makes a mistake. It could happen to anyone. But, he insisted that he was not wrong. Instead of apologizing, he actually offered me to order another pound of shrimp of the flavor I want. Really?? Is he trying to upsell me another pound of shrimp in this situation? Or is he just too afraid to admit that he had made a mistake. Maybe he afraid that his manager will say something to him.  

Maybe it was my fault that I didn't say it clear enough. Or maybe he is just not taking our orders seriously. Regardless of who is wrong or right, he shouldn't act so unprofessional. I was not that mad until how he handled this situation. 

Luckily all other servers were really nice. Food was good as usual.
Extra Spicy Hot n Juicy is the way to go!! 
Good stuff...took the sauce home and ate bread with it..ridiculously awesome!!!
I tried this place because I was in the area and saw it on Man vs Food.  I really wanted to taste their famous crawfish but the waitress said they're not in season and that the shrimp would be a good choice.  I went with the Hot n Juicy mild shrimp but it was too mild for my taste.  There was no kick in it.   The waitress wasn't much help even after telling her it was my first time there.  All I got a was a bag of shrimp, that's it.  I wasn't asked if I wanted any kind of sides or anything.
We are frequent visitors to Las Vegas and have really started to find our way around the place.  When we saw HNJC on Man v. Food we were excited to try a new "locals" place.

When you walk in you start drooling right away, the aromas coming out of the kitchen permeate the whole restaurant and it is awesome!

Every time we go to LV now the kids want to go to HNJC and so do I!  
You will get messy and you'll smell like HNJC for a while after you leave.  

We always order the Hot n Juicy mild crawfish.  We all love spicy food but they aren't kidding when they say the mild is pretty hot.  My husband, 13 year old, and I can stand the medium but our 10 year old can't.  That's ok though because the mild has more than enough spice and we'd probably prefer it anyway.

Sometimes we get the shrimp, it is very tasty and just as messy as the crawfish.  I prefer the HotNJuicy medium for shrimp.

We had the king crab once, it was fabulous.

We've tried most of the flavors but now always go with the HotNJuicy Special.
Love. Love. Love this place. I honestly think it's better than Boiling Crab, you don't have to deal with the ridiculously long wait time, and it's cheaper here. I didn't try their crawfish, which they are known for, as I think it's too much of a hassle for such a small portion of meat. We did get the snow crabs (so tender), the shrimp (big chunk of meat), clams (juicy), and the corn. The corn is really good, being soaked up in all the goodness of juice/sauce. Then combine all that salty food, and down it with Corona and lime, that's a damn good meal!
Fearful of the crowds of people who flock here due to their popularity, hubby and I booked it here on Friday evening around 5:50pm.  I'm so glad we did!  By the time we left, there were tons of people waiting.

Service was good, though not always available.  When we wanted to add a pound of shrimp, I had to send hubby up to the cash register to place the order.

Normally, when we go out with friends to other crawfish places, we get (insert house spice here)-Medium.  Because this was hubby's choice/birthday weekend, I let him order mild.  As it turns out, it was delicious!  The sauce was buttery, not greasy and very tasty without the flames on your tongue.

We did notice that the seafood was about $1+ more per pound than out here in California but that's understandable given that Las Vegas is kind of far away from the o-chin (Ralphie May fans will get that lol).

We enjoyed our meal and have promised to bring our friends back when we return to Las Vegas in about 3 weeks.  All aboard!!!
Saw this restaurant on Man vs. Food so wanna give it a try. It's very similar as Boiling Crab. Too bad it's not crawfish season so we didn't order it but the clam and snow crab legs are sooooooo good....We ordered hot n juicy special souse combination with medium spicy. However, the cajun fries is a soso dish....Service...OK. It's a fun place to have barbarian craving fun.
While visiting Las Vegas with the family, we had to stop by to visit this place. Having been on Man vs. Food (one of my fav shows), it has gotten much much more exposure. We've waited 40 mins....
I was very disappointed. My family was disappointed. I expected more. I've been to The Boiling Crab, and this place doesn't come close. Being charged $9.99/lb for the crawfish, they were disappointedly small. I thought the crawfish were brought in from Louisiana.  The sauce had great taste went really well with white rice. Presentation of the product was not what I expected.... The servers were in very casually clothing but the decor didn't go with the atmosphere. The atmosphere has a sports bar feel but the decor was a lil too formal for me.
My husband was disappointed. After we left this place we were still hungry. Disappointingly hungry. Should of had Chinese food instead.
This place is over rated.
When the crawfish and blue crabs are fresh...they are the most delectable, mouth-watering, delicious dish in the world (wow...it makes me salivate just thinking about it)! If you love crawfish! This is the place! The Hot N Juicy seasoning (the mix of everything) is the best I've ever tasted. I'm a chicken, so I stick to mild...

But I didn't give them 5 stars because if the CRAWFISH ARE FROZEN...STAY AWAY! The waitress did warn us...and they were $6.99/lb but my sister was in town for Thanksgiving, and I raved to her about this place. EEEE GADS! We got 5 lbs and they WERE MUSHY! I think my sister complained of a belly ache afterwards. Not me, I have a strong stomach for crawfish...ha ha...

We did get a couple pounds of the fresh blue crabs and they were heavenly and the meat sweet and tender!

Also, be prepared...IT's MESSY! Make sure you wear a bib. Thank goodness there are plenty of paper towels...I think I used up a whole roll...

I highly recommend this place, as long as the crawfish and seafood are fresh! I think between July - September, they are the biggest!!! I'm sure I will be back there in January when they are in season (small...? Who cares...it's still CRAWFISH)!
Foods great! Not salty at all and very flavorful! I enjoyed the environment here and the service was great. The food was juicy and the shrimp were huge! I remember seeing this on Man v. Food and passed by it a few times when we were in Vegas, but never really thought I'd stop by and eat. Since a friend of ours recommended it to us we decided to give it a try. No wait to be seated. Server kept coming by to check to see if we were ok even though it was getting busy... I'd give this place 5 stars. Great visit...
over rated crap
wanted to go bad to this place after i saw man vs food.  Of course they see that it will go on TV and give Adam the biggest and juiciest crawfish but for us we get crappy tiny crawfish that were not even fresh.  Most likely they gave us frozen.  Ordered 2 lbs and probably got few ounces of meat only.  The weight of the head and left over skin came out to be 2 lbs.
I know they got popular cuz of man vs food.  but they should come out on man vs crap

DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE,  JUST HEAD TO WYNN AND HIT THE BUFFET
You're gonna have to get your hand dirty on this one!  I could eat the shrimp here all day.  Go with the Hot N' Juicy Sauce for a veritable taste explosion!  Be sure to supplement whichever shellfish you get with corn or potatoes they are great as well!

Your food will come steamed in the sauce in a piping hot plastic bag.  Gloves and bibs are around for those who need them, but that ruins the fun.  We have taken to saving the sauce and bring it home to put over rice the next day...it gets even spicier but is delicious!  This is a "must go" any time your in Sin City!
I've wanted to check this place out after watching the Las Vegas episode of Man vs. Food. Not to mention my cousin constantly raves abou this place, so that definitely sparked my interest even more. I didn't wait long because my cousin already had a table before I got there. Ordered a pound and a half of shrimp and a side of french fries. Mmmm good! The only weird thing is they provide clear plastic gloves to wear when you eat the food, I mean for obvious reasons of course! However the gloves are optional. I prefer to use my bare hands! Would I come back? That would be a definite yes!
I would give this restaurant a three stars. Don't take me wrong I like Hot N' juicy Crawfish.However,if compare it with The Boiling Crab I prefer the boiling crab to the hot n' juicy crawfish.Why? It is because the boiling crab sauce is a bit more delicious and suit my taste better than the hot n' juicy crawfish. I rice here served in a small bowl so if you are a big eater it won't be enough. The hot n' juicy and the boiling crab has a similar menu except the boiling crab have gumbo and the hot n' juicy doesn't. 

However,if you are an alcohol drinker Hot N' Juicy Crawfish has an alcohol license while The Boiling Crab doesn't serve alcohol. 

I would give this restaurant 3 or 3 1/2 stars.
I want to move to Vegas because of this restaurant! I saw this featured on Man VS Food and oh boy, I can sense the goodness emanating from the TV and I made my husband promised to take me there. So one weekend off we went to Vegas, not for the casinos or the shows but for Hot N Juicy and it was worth the 4 hour drive from Temecula! There was a short wait when we went there, we ordered shrimp and crab, sweet potato fried and corn. Me and my husband demolished every bit of the 2 lb shrimp and 1 lb crab. The sauce was delicious and I literally licked my fingers.
My recollection of this place is good. They have wonderful crawfish and it's juicy, flavorful, and tasty! The service is good, the waitress was very patient and helpful for my mother and I, who were first timers.

Oh, and their andouille sausage and rice, what great sides! My mom loved their catfish. 

This place was a hit and it looked like it gets crowded pretty quick so.... ! Get there the sooner the better!
Imagine Burger King running out of burgers. That's what happened when we went to this highly touted but somewhat hole-in-the-wall joint just outside of the Vegas strip. They didn't have any crawfish, which is what we came for (apparently due to seasonal unavailability...I jokingly told them to rename their restaurant). 

We didn't travel all this way to leave, so we ordered a pound of shrimp, cajun fries, corn fries, and fried calamari. Don't be surprised if the food is no-frills. Cajun fries were regular fries sprinkled with "cajun" spices. Umm, ok. Nothing to brag about, really. Decently priced, and portions were better than average. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, and neither should you.
This place was just OK.  
After eating at SO CAL CRAWFISH in California, it's hard to compete.  I just love the flavoring at SO CAL CRAWFISH!  Hot N Juicy Crawfish was.....eh???
Only tried their soft shell crab basket and HNJ sauce

Overall, it delivered but the batter was a bit salty. The sauce was of a thin consistency so it didn't really pair well with the cajun fries, and it only made the soft shell crab saltier. Would come back (if im in the area) to try the shrimp so I could better compare it with boiling crab.
This is a must try place, if your looking for something different and unique this is the place to go. I did enjoy the different atmosphere this restaurant offers.  You gotta get your hands dirty that's the fun part about this. The best is the hot and Juicy special sauce and i did enjoy that more with shrimp than Crawfish and it was just awesome with the dungeons crab, which was a little pricey but that's normal for crab. Its all in the sauce i can eat that sauce with anything, it was also great with bread more than rice. Just try this place i don't think you will be disappointed.
I visited Hot N Juicy on Christmas Eve 2011 with my family.  It was the best meal of our stay in Vegas!  It was a "unique" experience and I learned it can be quite a painful one IF the extra hot sauce splatters directly into your eyes ... ouch!!   The meal was reasonably priced and the facility was clean.  I will definitely visit again on my next trip to  Las Vegas!!
There used to be no wait here but after Man V. Food highlighted this spot, the wait has gotten to be unbearable at times. I have heard they have another location now to ease the congestion of the crustacean mayhem.

The Hot n Juicy Special is the only way to go. I usually get the medium but be prepared to reach for those paper towels to wipe your running nose. It's spicy but not unbearable and the taste of the sauce is still recognized by your palette which I believe makes for a perfect balance. Make sure you get enough corn for each person or you better be ready for the ensuing fight that's going to break out.

My first and last stop every time I go to Vegas so you know it's that good.
This place gets a crowd, and a big crowd at that. Since the latest competition, Boiling Crab, migrated towards the valley from Southern California we could see that the battle of the rivals are still in order. The question is, who serves the best shrimp?

I'll be brutally honest that my point of view is biased because i have yet to taste the savory goodness of Boiling Crab. So until I have tried its savory goodnes, my critic will rest at recommending Hot and Juicy until further notice. 

Besides the raving hype that Adam Richman did feature Hot and Juicy on man V. Food, I can say that the feshness and the flavor of the seafood here are just to DIE FOR. Literally, you eat all the shrimp and crab you can consume until you fall face first first into a food coma (this my ideal way of leaving this earth). 

I love the spice and tangy flavor of their famous Hot and Juicy sauce. My first mistake as a first timer is underestimating their love for HOT. So I got the hot flavor of the Hot and Juicy sauce. My mouth was literally burning with fire, and I couldn't enjoy the flavor of the sauce because the spice was taking over my taste buds. So if you are all for an inferno party in your mouth, I'd suggest the Hot  Hot and Juicy sauce.

My personal favorite is the less than mild Hot and Juicy sauce with all the right flavors with just the right amount of spice that I can handle baby! (ow ow!) Yes, it may not be on the menu, but there is a less than mild spice. The mild flavor still has a lot of kick in it so beware! 

I also love the lemon pepper. If you love the tasty combination of citrus, tang, and spice, I would suggest the lemon pepper. It is also the safe zone. A flavor that is sure to satisfy you if you're not sure you're ready to take the risk and commitment of spice.

Lastly, this joint is worthy of five stars when you throw a corn in the cob and a potatoe in the plastic shake and bake bag (shake, DON't bake). Soak those bad boys up in that sauce baby, and call that a connection! 

Its all about good food and experience and when you incorporate the thrill of eating off the table with no utensils or a plate (something your mother told you NEVER to do), you're sure to bring out the dangerous and adventurous side of yourself that you didn't know existed! Its a great place to take a date, especially if you want to test the daring side of them. I will be a long lived patron of Hot and Juicy. Hat tipped to you! :)

(Further update when I try my Boiling Crab experience....)
They were out of craw fish an hour after opening!! Disappointed!!
it's good--but definitely not as good as boiling crab. plus maybe it was just the waitress we had but service really sucked and our waitress gave us attitude and kept messing up our order.
I instantly decided to try this place ever since I saw Man vs food on food network. We ordered 2lb of shrimps, 1lb of crawfish, and deep fried calamari. Everything we ordered was really flavorful, fresh and tasty. I love the "hot and juicy" sauce came with shrimps. It made me nonstop eating rice! I felt very guilty after eating so much carb. I think I will only shrimps next time because it's just not worth it to order craw fishes with not much meat in there. Overall, I think this is a fun place to eat with your hands and enjoy very tasty seafood.
The food here is good, I enjoyed it! If you're craving "Cajun" style seafood this is your place to go. 

What I liked: 

- Hot N Juicy special seasoning .... this seasoning is really good! MUCH better than The Boiling Crab 
- Crawfish and Shrimp
- Oysters were pretty good, although I got a stomach ache about 10 minutes later (could have been from something else for all we know, or just how my body reacts to oysters)

What I didn't like: 

- Service: I guess they need more waiters during the daytime or early evenings? It just wasn' that "great". 



I would definitely come here again!
Love this place!
This is the third or so Crawfish restaurant I've been to. I've come to the realization that the effort required to enjoy these puppies is not worth it for me. :| 

The seasoning of the crawfish was nice (hot 'n juicy), although I enjoyed eating the shrimp more... maybe because there's more meat in the shrimp!? 

The restaurant got pretty busy, and I can easily see a wait being possible. If you head in around 6 or so, you shouldn't have a problem getting a table.
I am a big fan of seafood and mixed with spices and garlic just make Hot N Juicy my kind of restaurant. I was a bit of a doubter at first since I came from Southern CA and was used to Boiling Crab (which has since made its way to the Las Vegas valley). I have yet to try the LV Boiling Crab, but I am a fan of Hot N Juicy. The sauce is a bit different than Boiling Crab, but has a lot of flavor and you can definitely enjoy it. My usual order consists of shrimp and Alaskan king crab legs in the Hot N Juicy special sauce (which is basically all the sauces combined together - extra garlic please!) at the spicy level. Note - extra spicy is really really hot, almost too hot to be enjoyable. 

I have also had their lobster tails and other crabs. I'm not a huge fan of crawfish since its a lot of work for a little meat, but a lot of other people enjoy it here. Be prepared for a messy meal as this is a eat with your hands kind of place since you have to peel most everything. Its usually fun to see who can make the biggest pile of shells!

I've also had the deep fried soft shell crab with fries and the oysters - both are really good and the oysters were fresh. 

This is definitely a place that I will frequent and also bring friends to from out of town. I will see how the new LV Boiling Crab compares, but for now, you can find me at Hot N Juicy!
I'm a BIG crawfish fan back at home in Norcal, so coming here I was ready to try Vegas crawfish. I came with a party of 14 and surprisingly got seated right away. Service was kind of slow, we literally had to flag down the waitress to ask for gloves and more lemons. Then when the bill came out there was a minor mix-up. Anyways the crawfish tastes a lot like Boiling Crab except with a more lemongrass flavor to it. Not bad at all. I deducted 1 star for the dozen raw (and runny) oysters we ordered that tasted gross and not fresh at all. So when you order try to stick to crawfish or else u would get a nasty old oyster taste in your mouth. The shrimp was meaty and juicy just perfectly done. We boxed our leftovers to bring back to our hotel and it still tastes great after we microwave it. Definitely a win!
All I can say about this spot is: MMMMMMM Good!!

Prices are unbeatable and the food is good!  I take all my loved ones and co workers here every time I'm visiting Sin City!
The food is good, fun atmosphere, attentive wait staff. The wife and I tried a pound of crawfish as well as a pound of shrimp. Delicious. The sweet potato fries were crisp, the calamari a bit bland.

I get IT, I just don't like IT. I do not enjoy working this hard to feed myself. I do not enjoy how dirty/greasy one gets. I have done this once, I'm good, never again.
I've been going to Hot N Juicy for awhile!  Since the first one opened and my friend/coworker Elise introduced me back in 2007 so I figured it's time I write a review.  

It's pretty much my main place to go when I'm craving Cajun.  I've been to New Orleans before and dare I say, this is just as good and as authentic!!  The price is decent, I mean it will be at least in the teens for anything, it is seafood.  If it's your first time here then you must get a 2 lbs. bag of craw fish with the Hot N Juicy special flavor mix.
Amazing!  Food tastes great and the staff is nice.  Hot and juicy special sauce with the lobster, king crab legs, shrimp, mussels, and clams is the winner.
It is exactly what you expect. Don't expect frills, but they have great service and great food. 5 star worthy for that.

The only thing is that parking can be hard.
I saw the Man vs Food episode featuring this restaurant and had to try it out.  After reading a few Yelp reviews, we ordered a pound each of shrimp and crawfish.  I'm so glad that we did.  Though the crawfish was very good, there was so little meat.  Enter the shrimp, here you get an entire mouthful of sweet flesh for the same effort.  I really liked the special sauce or whatever, but did wish that it saturated the crustaceans better.  We also ordered the etoufee...not a tomato based etoufee, but very good.  It's completely mixed in with the rice so it was almost like a gumbo.  The sweet potato fry were crispy.  

All in all, we are very happy with the food.  The next time, we will order more shrimp...so delish.  O, and instead of mild, we'll go all the way.
I've eaten at plenty of places that serve pretty much the same kind of food. But this place rocked. I normally order crawfish, but they were out of louisiana crawfish, but  they had crawfish from northern California. VERY smart. They had a backup plan and they succeeded. I mean these suckers were HUGE. Mini lobsters, I'm telling you. Very fresh, flavorful, and so full of meat. Then the clams, they weren't overcooked. They were big, and dare I say it, JUICY. Yummers. Shrimp. Good. Not overcooked, easy to peel and tasted great.  And they've got a second location, which I've been to. And you can always call to see what their inventory is. And if they don't have it earlier in the day, they definitely will by dinner time. Highly highly recommended. This is the spot to go when you're in Vegas. Oh, by the way, I've been here at least 4 times in the past 8 months, and I live in California. This is always a stop.
De-fricken-licious. I had never tried crawfish, but I'm a big seafood lover, so I was excited to try it from what is supposedly the best. You order your seafood of choice by the pound and can find the daily market prices on a board by the kitchen. You choose your choice of seasoning and heat level. I went with the Hot N Juicy special and "less than mild." Even at less than mild, the spice level was making my nose run a little bit (I'll admit, I'm a wimp). Service was okay. We had to ask the waitress for a refill after she passed our empty cups several times. I promise, I'm not a snob, but as a waiter myself, if a customer has to remind me for a refill, I'm not exactly doing my job. Anyways, on to the food:

Snow crab w/ lemon pepper: Absolutely amazing. I don't know how, but their crab was some of the most moist I've had. Huge chunks were easy to pull out since the meat hadn't dried out. Don't forget to dip your crab meat in whatever seasoning you have. It takes it to the next level.

Crawfish w/ Hot N Juicy: Great, but very small. The little bits of meat that you get from each crawfish wasn't very much. As a crawfish newbie, I was surprised, but now I know what I'm in for. If you're here for just crawfish, I'd get at least 2 pounds.

Mussels: WOW. Some of the best I've had. I never knew mussels could be so tender! I'm so used to having them dried out/rubbery as they're generally - and unfortunately - cooked.

Sides: CORN! Get lots of corn with your seafood of choice. Shake it in the bag, so it gets coated with the seasoning and save it for whenever you're done with your seafood. It will be all sorts of juicy goodness. My only regret: not getting more. The fries and sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked, but beyond that, weren't anything special. Especially if you're trying to eat on a budget, I'd load up on some sides with your seafood, otherwise you'll easily be spending $25+ per person to fill up.

Chicken nuggets: As we had a non seafood eater, he got some chicken nuggets which were pretty bad. They looked and tasted like they came from some Foster Farms frozen bag. However, since this place is meant for seafood, I don't hold it against the restaurant.
"Pinch the head and suck the tail!". This is what my friend told me while I was trying to eat one of  this restaurant's specialties! I laughed and told him that he sounded like he was describing a porno!!

But honestly, this place is great! I ordered a pound of the crawfish and a pound of the shrimp and chose the hot and juicy sauce and man it was fantasstic!

I honestly liked the shrimp better than the crawdads (that's we call them in Cali) because there was more meat on them and they were succulent and sweet.

But the crawdads and shrimp wash down with a cold beer after a night of debauchery in Vegas... nothing like it!!!!
Pretty good...for Vegas.  Here's my recap:  Parking could be better.  Not a lot of spaces.  Available spaces were a little tight.  Seated immediately upon entering.  The place was pretty busy.  Many tables with chairs, some with booths.  Some booth seating was not accessible because the neighboring table was too close.  Servers were friendly, fast, and knowledgeable.  Menu offered crawfish, shrimp, oysters, clam, lobster, blue crab, dungeness crab, King crab, and snow crab.  All market prices.  Seasoning choices were Louisiana style, juicy Cajun, garlic butter, lemon pepper, and Hot N Juicy special.  Choice of mild, medium, spicy, or extra spicy.  Sides: corn, potato, sweet potato fries, cajun fries, rice, rolls, and sausage.  Also, appetizers were etoufee and a large variety of fried items: calamari, hot wings, soft shell crab, catfish, shrimp, and chicken nuggets.  We ordered two pounds of boiled shrimp: one Louisiana style medium and the other juicy Cajun medium.  Bibs were served first.  The bottom of the bib folds over to make a pocket to catch debris you drop.  We also ordered a side of white rice.  The cook time seemed about right, not real fast, but not too slow either.  Constant line for men's restroom.  Only one person at a time.  Many people waiting to get in to wash their hands after eating.  The food comes out as it is ready, not served at the same time.  I prefer this method.  The shrimp is served in a clear plastic bag and the shells are left on the table.  Plastic table cloth makes for quick and easy clean up.  The shrimp was good sized, hot, and flavorful.  There was a little extra juice in the bottom of the bag which we used to dip our shrimp once peeled.  Also, we ladled some on the rice for a bit of flavor.  The shrimp was head and shell on.  This requires a little work, but is the traditional way to serve, saves the kitchen a bit of time, and leads one to believe the shrimp were alive when cooked.  I lived in Louisiana for many years so I know there is a difference between Louisiana style and Cajun style, but I don't know why they made the distinction here.  Most patrons in Vegas won't know the difference.  The difference here is that Louisiana had more butter and Cajun was more traditional with more spices and less brother allowing the sweet flavor of the shrimp to come through better.  The difference is almost not noticeable, but I prefer their Louisiana style.  The rice was okay.  All in all the food was pretty good.  We really enjoyed it.  On a side note, they did not purge the shrimp.  That is, the gastrointestinal track and the poop were still in the shrimp.  Vegas patrons don't know any better.  Its kind of gross, but I ate anyways knowing that it won't hurt you (otherwise, the place would have been shut down a long time ago).  There were plenty of paper napkins at each table and wet wipes served at the counter and with the bill, but I would have preferred a washing station, similar to those at Cravin Cajun.  You get really, really messy eating boiled shrimp and that stuff is super painful if you get it in your eyes.  They do serve alcohol, but we had tap water, which was served in styrofoam cups.  The server did not ask if we wanted lemon, but she brought out a styrofoam bowl with almost two whole lemons (kind of a waste).  Shrimp was $8.99 per pound and the side of rice was $2.  We really enjoyed this experience and will be coming back.  I tried the crawfish on a previous visit here.  It was the best crawfish in Vegas.  Flavor was right, but a bit small for Louisiana standards.  I love crawfish, but think the shrimp is a better deal because there is much more meat.  I really like this place, but Cravin Cajun is better.
If you've been to Boiling Crab or Red Claw in Orange County, CA, then you'll find this place is fairly comparable - though maybe with much better service.  But honestly, your opinion on which is better will be based entirely on your own specific tastes and what you're used to. (Ex: I was a big fan of Boiling Crab until I started going to Red Claw a few times and the garlicky taste grew on me. Now I love Red Claw and think Boiling Crab is a bit too salty. Some may think Red Claw is too garlicky.  So it all depends. Red Claw not ever having a wait is the biggest influence in my decision to always go to Red Claw now anyway.)  

My husband and I were in Vegas and were looking for a place to get good, inexpensive seafood.  Most buffets on the strip definitely don't cut it for me (since seafood is my favorite food), and their seafood is usually not fresh.

Since I love Boiling Crab and Red Claw, I was very excited to find this place on Yelp and we made our way to the original location - as it's a bit more tucked away from the second location, which is a bit more touristy.  I found out later from our server that this location is generally more of a local's spot than the newer location.

So when we arrived at about 7:30 pm on a Thursday night, we were a bit sad there was no parking in the small lot. But thankfully a group of people left shortly after we circled the lot and nearby neighborhood for parking. We got in and were quickly greeted and told that the wait would be about 20 - 30 mins, though maybe quicker because they were cleaning up some tables.

Okay, so while I was waiting, I noticed a few things. 
1. The mixture of people in the restaurant was extremely diverse.  I'm sure there were at least 10 different ethnicities there!  The age range was also very wide - from young to old.  This was a great sign, as I noticed EVERYONE in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying their food - the food fit, apparently, for varying taste buds.
2. It was pretty busy in there, but the servers were extremely friendly and were all helping each other throughout the restaurant. No server was strictly confined to only one section or certain tables or customers.  If you stopped any server, they happily got you what you needed. This was honestly rare to see, and I was impressed at how the servers all seemed to interact together as a team rather than stressed out, competitive individuals.

As far as the food, we got our shrimp, sausage, and corn in the hot and spicy sauce at spicy level. The clams, we got in the spicy garlic sauce.

Shrimp - Mostly fresh, juicy, plump, easy to peel and crunchy (sings of freshness).

Clams - Were good, though the actual clams were a bit smaller than I hoped they would be. I guess maybe they just use different clams than what I'm used to at Red Claw.

Sausage - Were not polska kielbasa sausages as we hoped. :( My husband was very disappointed and didn't like them at all, and he normally loves sausages.  Don't get these. Even though I ate them, I didn't enjoy them.  They were pretty oily and fatty tasting in a bad way.

Hot N Juicy sauce - This is similar to Boiling Crab's sauce.  I would say the spicy is pretty spicy, and a little spicier would make it so that you couldn't taste your food very well.  My husband and I have a pretty high tolerance for spicy food, and the spicy here is in between the medium and spicy spiciness at Boiling Crab.

Garlic sauce - We got this sauce spicy, and it tasted fairly similar to the Cajun garlic sauce at Red Claw (though Red Claw uses tons of real chopped garlic and is much better, in my opinion).  My husband liked this sauce over the Hot N Juicy sauce, which is ironic since I'm usually more of the garlic lover.

Cajun fries - Fries sprinkled with Cajun seasoning.  The fries were good and crispy and moist on the inside.  The Cajun seasoning is pretty spicy, so be mindful of that if you don't like things too spicy.  They were good fries. :)

Overall, this was definitely a great place for good Cajun-style seafood.   The service was great, and the food really good.  Overall, I'd definitely go here again the next time I'm in Vegas and craving seafood.

Be warned though that your hair, skin, and clothes will smell like your food.  I suggest you keep jackets and sweaters in your car and wear something you don't mind stinking up.  You'll probably have to take a shower when you get home, unless you don't mind smelling the food on your hair and skin while sleeping. :)
This was my first crawfish experience and it was pretty yum!  We had 1lb of shrimp (hot n juicy - medium spice), 1 1lb of shrimp (lemon pepper - medium spice), and 1lb of crawfish (hot n juicy - medium spice).  Also got beers and sweet potato fries.    Were told to go less spicy than normal because their spice was hotter than everyone else's, so we went medium.  Really wish we had gone hotter.  We also did not shake our bags, which after reading a few reviews, could have made a big difference.  Geez, aren't we smart?!?it was super crowded, but we got the last available table, so no wait.  Service was really fast, It seemed like we ordered and five minutes later we were opening steaming plastic bags!  Food was great, incredibly messy and I thought it was a little pricey.  Not sure if I would go back here, but it was definitely an experience.  I feel like I lived a little. I will come back here very soon,all my friends like it .
This place is a favorite place to eat in Vegas. Be prepared to get your hands dirty, but it well worth it. Great place to have fun with your friends while enjoying a great meal. If you love seafood give this place a try for a taste of New Orleans in Vegas. Parking can be hard and their might be a wait but it is worth the hassle. Take cash to get a percentage off your bill.
We never leave Vegas without hitting "Hot N Juicy" at least once.  We can't get enough of the huge shrimp, crawfish and the HNJ Special Sauce.  The place can get crowded, but definitely worth the wait.  Don't be afraid to get messy.  Order plenty of rolls to soak up the yummy sauce.
If you hate getting messy eating, this is probably not the place for you.  Half of the budget at this place is probably paper towels.  They do not have much on the menu, but what they do they do very well.  Border line 5 review.  I think the only thing holding it back from a 5 is the nature of crawfish itself.  I don't mind getting messy but it is a lot of work for not a whole lot of sustenance from each crustacean.  If I were to go there again, I would probably get the shrimp.  Less work, more reward.  The food comes out in boiled bags which you rip open.  Good idea to use the bib which is provided.  I went for one less than the spiciest sauce, and they were much spicier than used to when ordering at that level.
**Disappointed**
       - Boiling Crab - Ever since boiling crab opened last November, Hot & Juicy has done the opposite of stepping up their game (http://www.yelp.com/biz/boiling-crab-las-vegas).
       - Watered Down - They have been consistently watering down their "Hot & Juicy Special" sauce. They put so little per bag now, I can't even dip my shrimp back in.
       - Prices - Their "Market Prices" are still a dollar or two above Boiling Crabs.
       - Crawfish - Their crawfish are smaller and less fresh than Boiling Crab's crawfish.
       - Conversion - Eventually, all of their patrons will wise up to the other "crawfish/shrimp in a bag" place in town and it'll be too late for them to turn it around. I used to favor Hot & Juicy over Boiling Crab, but not anymore.
**Recommendations**
       - I want to give this place a 3.5, so I'll round it up to 4. It's still good, but just a shell compared to it's former self. Unless Boiling Crab has too long of a wait, I'll probably not be coming to Hot & Juicy anymore.
Wife and I ate here twice last week!  We ordered crab legs, shrimp, and crawfish w/ hot n spicy and lemon pepper sauce - mild heat.  This place is wayyy better than Boiling crab.
I was in Vegas for Superbowl weekend and was craving crawfish so we decided to go right after the game. To everyone's surprise, it was super delicious!!!! My favorite is their lemon flavor. This is definitely on my list when im back in vegas!
Ate here on a recent overnight visit for work.  

Got serveral pounds of crawfish in hot and spicy.  I wasn't too impressed.  The sauce was good but the crawfish were kinda dried up and weren't juicy or slurpy at all.  Sausage, corn, etc is all good.

We also got a couple lobsters at market price (I wasn't paying so I didn't see the bill).  The lobsters were good, better quality than the crawfish.  

Overall I can't say that this place blew me out of the water.  If I'm up for something different then maybe. 

This is really a 2 star review but I'm giving them 3 cause their servers are great eye candy.
First, it's def. not as great as the one in Orlando! Second, the service was good and on point. Third, unfortunately they were all out of crawfish while we were there during a Thursday lunch. They finally restocked on some while we were leaving! =\ I really wanted to like it but I didn't.
omg, drool, yum, drool, and repeat!!!! i chose this for crawfish as i saw it being featured on the travel channel.. so when i was in vegas, i HAD to come here! the prices are steep but what do you expect!  delicious ice tea unlimited, and delicious crawfish, and delicious shrimp and fries.. thats about all we ate here. don't take folk who want to have a salad or whatnot because they have NO OTHER FOOD available. no salads and no rice! lol.. we started off with 3 crawfish sauces (ordered by lb) .. the lemon pepper, some garlic one, and some other non memorable one. the lemon pepper was by far the attention grabber because you get a PANG of flavor the minute the juices hit your tongue. however we were not full with just crawfish, fries, and an appetizer of soft shell crab. we decided to get an additional bag of shrimp with lemmon pepper sauce because everyone else was feasting on shrimps and they looked so good! the meal is gona be pricey but it's totally worht it! i wish i knew about the shrimp sooner! either way, a tip: be careful with the spice because even at the lowest level it is FREAKING SPICY!!!!!!!!!! i had to pee 3 times within an HOUR and the last time we were driving back to the strip and i couldnt hold it so we took a detour to a gas station ready to piss on myself already and the gas station had no bathroom! WTFERAK??? i was freakingggg out!!!! needless to say we ended up in old las vegas (downtown) since i found a bathroom! that was bad... so make sure you are careful with the spicyness!!!!!
We had crawfish, crab legs and shrimp and all of them were delicious.  The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars was because the service was slow after we received our food initially.  Our mouths were burning and we needed fries and drink refills, but we had a hard time tracking down the waitress, and they weren't that busy!!  We'd still return because the food was out of this world.
You want a place with perfectly placed silverware, waiters with bow ties and sparkling champagne? 

Well, you better go somewhere else and get the hell out of the way for the dedicated fans of Hot N Juicy Crawfish. 

At this place you get down and dirty with your hands, you stuff your face unapologetically and watch your perfectly manicured nails get mangled by delicious, succulent, juicy as hell shellfish.  

If you love amazing food, don't mind getting a little messy and love a little hot in your trot, bring it on. You will leave here with sated taste buds, satisfied tummies and the misson of clearing your calender just so you can eat here again. 

Fan Favorites:

1.) A pound of shrimp with the Hot N Juicy sauce. If you like zing, get it mild. If you like super zing, get it medium. This place runs HOT HOT HOT, people. 

2.) Dungeness Crab or Snow Crab with Lemon Pepper sauce. I'm drooling just writing this.

If crab and shrimp aren't your thing, shake it up and sample things. This place has huge variety and I guarantee you'll find something that shakes your tail feather. 

On an end note, the service is awesome. If you are lucky enough to run into Tim, you'll be well taken care of. He has served me twice and he has always made it such a fun, lovely experience. It doesn't hurt that he's cute a button, too!
Recommended by a neighbor we just had to give it a try...

What an incredible find...

Service - Tim was our server and he rocked. He was on the ball and his support team/other staff were awesome.

Drinks - Soda, Beer and wine...Sapporo $3, can't beat an ice cold Japanese beer.

Ambiance/Tableware - No knifes and forks, all you get is paper towels, a bib and unlimited wipes at the end of the meal. Decor is rustic, plenty of flat screens, great little bar area, just good clean (messy)  fun.

Don't let plastic bag serving vessels put you off and make as much mess as you want to!

Food - Pound of Lemon Pepper, mildly spiced and just friggin off the charts. Super succulent and delicious.

Pound of Hot n Juicy flavored, mildly spiced with corn and a few red potatoes. Great flavor, really really juicy and plump. Getting two pounds the next time!!! Corn and potatoes perfect.

Pound of mild, garlic butter King Crab...OMG to die for. Nothing really needs to be said just get them and lots of them!

Bill was $63 for soda, 3 beers and all that food (King Crab was most expensive at $24 per pound), you just won't find a better deal or a better way to spend some time getting covered, literally, in flavor and eating GREAT food.

Thanks Tim, we will be back!

PS. They have a location closer to the strip but according to Tim this location is the original, smaller and has a more homey felling to it. The owner is expanding the chain but not franchising. Nice to hear.
We couldn't wait to try this place. Airport to hotel to drop bags and caught a cab straight there. It started off great. We had crawfish, étouffée, corn and potatoes. We were planning to order more  and kept waiting for the server to return. She never came back.  Finally after 30 minutes we walked up to the counter and asked for our check.  I let the person at the counter know we were forgotten about, no response. Our server was at the counter texting and didn't even look up.... Disappointed to say the least. Great tasting food but the crawfish were very small and the service was terrible.  Tip of the day, carry out is the way to go here.
Food is seasoned great!  Love the Lemon Pepper Shrimp sooooo flavorful with that kick of spice that keeps you eating more! Great Prices, Great Food.  Much better then Boiling Crab All around! Great to take your first date to see if they dont mind getting dirty! Crabs, and Crawfish Delicous! Initially ate here because was seen on Man Vs Food, and got hooked on the Flavor! Careful when you leave cause you'll definately smell like the YUMMY food you just ate!
Liked it so much...ate there twice during trip to Vegas. Only suggestion is to peridiocally clean the table. My garbage (i.e. straw wrapper, used napkins,) was starting to comingle with my food.
I've tried two other places but they can't beat how much flavor Hot n Juicy has to offer in the sauces they use on their seafood. I definitely recommend getting the shrimp since it has more "meat" for the pound rather than all shell but if you're willing to spend the extra bucks for the other shelled fish. Why not? Any seasoning you get has so much flavor. Definitely get the "Hot n Juicy" flavor even without spice it's good. Lemon Pepper & Garlic Butter is delicious too. They also offer delicious calamari.  I'll definitely be back here over and over again.
i think the food here is excellent. the service is amazing, but 50% of the time they dont have crawfish =(
We really wanted to try this place because my friend works here and we love boiling crab type crawfish joints!:D 

This is actually my first time getting my hands down and dirty with the seafood because usually I'm too 
::ughhh I don't wanna smell:: 
::ewww its gonna get under my nails and all over my hands::
Yeah... I'm a shame... but I finally decided that I'll get over my prissy self to enjoy some damn good crustaceans hahha

I love shrimp! Get the Hot n juicy special!! It's a mix of all their seasonings (juicy cajun, lemon pepper and garlic butter) and its soooo yummy!! I am a wimp and cannot for the life of me take spicy, so the server suggested I try it without spice and yummm it was sooo good!!! My bf is the total opposite and loves spice, so when he got the hot n juicy crawfish at spicy, he said it wasn't spicy enough -.-;;;; he is a fatass and got 4lbs of crawfish and was totally enjoying every last bit of it. a little too excited....
We all shared a dozen oysters... mmmm it was a relief and cool break from the spiciness of the crawfishes for my  friends.

My friends got the crawfish too but in medium  hot n juicy. They are big boiling crab fans and said that there was a certain zing to their seasoning that BC doesn't but didn't want to love it more because of how far it is from us (we live in orange county). They also got the fried catfish basket. The catfish was breaded a little too much, and didn't taste as fresh as the rest of our meal. 
 I got the soft shell crab basket on top of my shrimp and that was really good. The cajun fries that came with it weren't as impressive but were made better by the leftover Hot n Juicy sauce that I had. Hehehe

All in all, we had a good experience, our waitress was really cool (katherine, kaitlyn?? I don't remember....) pretty attentive, but we had to nudge her for water sometimes. 

We'll probably be back, considering the long list of places we need to try in vegas in our short weekend stays.
Delish! Just put on a bib, get your coronas and get your grub on. This is a must stop when in Vegas and tired of casino food.

Whole shebang medium will have your Latino friends (who have some practice with some spicy food) crying, hot only for the super pros.
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious! We got a pound of crawfish (medium spicy) and a dungeness crab (hot n juicy style). Great seasoning, good quality seafood, fair market prices. Since it's so popular, there is usually a wait at the door- we waited about 30 min. The wait staff is helpful & informative, but it's hard to hear due to the noise level in there- the music is great, tho a little loud. The food arrives in good time, but the staff was a little slow in keeping up with the drinks considering how spicy it is ;) 
One thing to beware of- the parking lot gets crowded & often people park on Frontier street- when I returned to my car, the window was smashed :( So, park in that neighborhood at your own risk!
Really good!
Saw this place on Man V Food and hubby insisted that we try it..

It's not bad.. but it's not great.. at least in my opinion.

We ordered two dungeness crabs and a pound of shrip.  We got the hot and juicy combo sauce at the mild spice.  We also ordered rice and I got the etouffe.

Being Filipino, we can't really eat anything without our rice.. and sadly, they ran out of rice and we had to wait about 15-20 minutes to get ours.  They were so nice and apologetic about it that they took the rice off of our bill and gave it to us for free!
 
The rice came out cooked, but a little on the drier side than I prefer.. I don't know if it was because they were in a hurry to get it out.. or if that's the way they just cook their rice.. either way.. I was glad I had the etouffe to moisten my rice up.

The seafood was pretty good.  The sauce was a little runnier than what I'm used to.. we got to Bucket Crabs and Crawfish in Ontario and their sauce is thicker than here.. and that's something I prefer.  

The sauce here at hot and juicy was spicy at the mild level and that's how we like it!

If given a choice, I think I would still prefer Bucket Crabs than here..  it was a nice treat to get to eat at a place featured on TV tho..
i love it. i recommend this place to anyone that comes to las vegas!
OMG! Absolutely the highlite of our short getaway to LV. Thank God for Man v Food for intro'g this place.

Lets see, started with oysters on half shell, 2 lb crawfish, fried calamari, 1 lb shrimp, the the King Crab Legs for dessert! We were pretty full then decided we had to try the crab legs and MAN AM I GLAD WE DID! 

You soak those crab leg meat in their spicy sauce and you are as close to orgasm without stimulation as humanly possible! I think my wife had that "Sleepless in Seattle" moment ala Meg Ryan! haha priceless!

Not only was the food THE BEST, but the Staff was just outstanding. They helped us decide what to order and were very attentive without being intrusive. Outstanding!

Unless you like it really spicy, just order Mild, cuz that is spicy enough...Trust, we're asians and like our spices, but mild was plenty spicy for us!

Just another "must visit" place everytime we hit Vegas.
I said I would give this place another shot, and I'm glad I did.  The food was not only fantastic, the service was a night-and-day difference from the last time I came.  This is not a lazy man's restaurant; It takes work.  It's well worth it too, although, I could use less tourists next time I come, but hey, it's good for business.
This place is overrated.  It's really pricey for what you get.  But I guess in Las Vegas you can't get that much better.  

What we ordered:
4 lbs crawfish (2 lb Hot n juicy special & 2 juicy Cajun)
The Juicy Cajun was a lot better in my opinion.  The medium was not spicey. 

The spicy was good. You could taste it on the corn but not so much the crawfish.  It seemed like it was not boiled in the sauce and the sauce was tossed on afterwards.  The flavor had not soaked into the crawfish.

I don't usually comment about the cleanliness of bathrooms, but man...these bathrooms were gross.  Trash was everywhere.

Service: Waitress was friendly enough. Looks like the trendy place to be. But I'd rather not get my crawfish in LV.  Probably would not eat here the next time we visit.
This place is awesome!  And crazy busy from the moment it opens up so get there early!

Just a tip...mild is fricken spicy!  Like my lips are on fire spicy.
If you like shellfish, and like to get your fingers messy, this is a fun place to eat. Shrimp, Crab, Lobster, Crawfish, Catfish, Oysters, and Cajun Sausage.  you order by the pound, and it's all served in plastic bag. you also receive a bib and plastic gloves are optional.
Servers were nice and friendly.  Place was packed for lunch on a Saturday.  

Compared to other places, their sauce was okay (Hot n Juicy flavor).  Fried calamari wasn't that great, not worth 9.95.  Fries were a bit over spicy; felt the fries were more spicier than the crawfish medium spiciness.  Crawfish and shrimps were pretty decent size.  

Parking is a pain since it's a small lot; there's street parking on the side.
After reading some Yelp reviews, I was really iffy about going here. It was my first time coming here with the boyfriend and man were we hungry.

First and foremost! Order TWO pounds of the Crawfish. If you order one, you'll be really sad. Like we were. Let the crustaceans sit in the juices for a while! You'll be really sad if you don't! And make sure you stick to mild if you like spice but not too much! Because mild is CRAZY spicy! Like, my nose is running and my lips are on fire spicy.

Other than that, service was quick and amazing and the fried calamari was thebomb.com
I think I've been spoiled by the likes of boiling crab in OC and the other 4 cajun seafood restaurants..

With that said, The service here was great. He went through the menu and let us know what was available. 

We had Medium, Hot and juicy  sauce 1 pound of crawfish and 4 pounds of shrimp, cajun fries and calamari. 

Let's just say that no one should ever let me order food. The sauce was pretty good but we couldn't finish 4 pounds of shrimp so ...
i don't even know why i'm reviewing this. i feel like i can't do it justice because i'm not really crazy about this kind of food to begin with ... but out of an obligation to being a good yelp steward, here goes nothing.

no full bar. only beer and wine. of course, i can't even imagine drinking something else with a seafood boil so i guess that works. the seasoning is really good. i had the garlic butter something something skrrrrimp mild... and even mild was warm so be careful.

it's a super popular place so either go early or prepare to wait. after you order, utensils will arrive in the form of a bib and gloves. get crackin'. hope you enjoy seeing what your insect of the sea delight looked like shortly before its demise because it is fully intact.

they have a fried selection if that isn't your thing. ;-)
I had my doubts about this place at first but now I am fan! I was always told the Boiling Crab is better but my tummy begs to differ. First of all, their shrimp and crawfish are bigger which translates to MORE MEAT. Plus, their spicy is actually spicy. 

I gotta say though, parking sucks. Tiny ass lot and no shade, but eh, it's not like I plan to eat their food outside in my car. Anyway, the servers were very attentive, so if I have to compare again to BC, well... there's really no comparison as I've never received good service from BC. 

On the two occasions that I've been here, I've never had to wait for a seat so that's always nice =)
First time having crawfish, got the medium, perfect  hint of spice !! looove the sauce, and our main server was nice, a few other in our groups who are season spice eaters got the spicey sauce and it was to hot and burned their lips. Lols. anyways I enjoyed it, the sauce is thick n finger lickin good !!would go back. but the craw fish did seem very, very very small .......
Went here a few weeks ago on recommendation of a friend. It was really really good. My husband and I each orderd 2lb of crawfish which came with a small ear of corn and a red potato. I had the mild and it was just the right amount of spice for me, and i'm not really a fan of spicy food.  I did find that I was still hungry so I ordered some etouffe and oh man let me tell you that stuff is the business. It's kinda similar to a gumbo as it's a seafood soup served over rice. So if you're into crawfish or other seafood for that matter cooked in a spicy boil this place is for you!
I thought the food was flavorful and tasty. But Im not sure if it was very healthy because I had major hershey squarts (diarrhea) after. The waitress was really nice, but we felt a bit decieved by her. She offered sauce on the side, without informing us that we were gonna be charged for it. And, once she delivered our food, she disappeared. So when we wanted to order more food and get our drinks refilled, no one came over to help us. We were disappointed. It was a bit pricey for the product/service we received. Never going again.
Very tasty food! King crab, shrimp, and crawfish were all great. Hot n Juicy on all. The shrimp was the plumpest with the most meat to $$, but King crab tasted amazing. I would get the shrimp a little hotter next time, they soaked up very little spice.

Cool music. Cheap beers. Loved getting messy with the bib and bags of deliciousness. Was a little busy, but worth the wait
I love this place. It offers quite the experience and their sweet potato fries is always great with anything. Anything you order is awesome. It can be quite pricey depending on what you order, but it is money well spent.
Theses people giving this place less than 4 stars are crazy! The hot n juicy sauce is amazing. !!!!! The biggest difference between hot n juicy and boiling crab is that boiling crab sauce is all grease and hot n juicy has very little grease but tons of flavor. 
Service is always great too!
I'm going there tomorrow! 2 pounds of shrimp please.
Great place to come check out when you're in vegas and not in the mood for the usual buffets or steak dinners that most hotels are serving up. 
Price is reasonable too. I think it was $10 for a pound of shrimp and trust me you don't want more than a pound because its alot to go through. 
Alot of flavor packed into these bags so I was impressed. Very busy but we didn't even have  to wait 2 minutes to get seating. 
Gotta come check this place out.
This place is far from the glitz and glamour of the strip both in location and in style.  Gone are the flashing lights, white tablecloths and candles, replaced by beer in bottles, cheesy lobster bibs and food served in plastic bags.

I will say, though, that it was delicious.  I got the crawfish boil with the signature sauce.  The sauce can be ordered to whatever level of heat you desire.  I went for the extra spicy, which I will warn lives up to its name.  

There is a lot of flavor here, and the sides were no less disappointing.  From the sweet potato fries to the corn on the cob, everything was excellent.

This place is obsessed with quality through simplicity, and it's no surprise that the crawfish is shipped in fresh each morning.

Finally, I would be remiss if I didn't mention the prices.  Everything here is priced well below what I would consider reasonable for what is delivered, making this a huge value for the dollar.

If you're hankering for something more low key, more down home and (way) less glamourous than what's on offer on Las Vegas Boulevard, stop on in.
OK, I'm not a Las Vegas local (even though my 2 brothers-in-law are).  So I found about Hot N Juicy from TV, specifically Travel Channel's Man Vs Food.  Knowing that this place was been made famous from this show, I came here for lunch on Friday of my last Vegas visit.

We met one of my brothers-in-law for lunch here, arriving in the parking lot 5 minutes before 12 noon.  Even though the restaurant wasn't even open yet, there were over a dozen people waiting outside the door already!  

Once the staff let the horde in, we were seated right away and given menus.  As this is an Asian-owned establishment, I recommend not ordering all spicy seasoning, unless you can power through the heat.  Here's what I ordered for our party of 3:

1 pound of shrimp, with Garlic Butter, mild spice
1 pound of crawfish, Louisana Style, medium spice
1 order of Calamari
1 order of Sweet Potato Fries

The fries and calamari came out first; they were good and hot, but not exceptional.  But when the shrimp and crawfish arrived, the real feast began.  The shrimp were big, and the sauce was mild and tasty.  And while the crawfish were cooked in a "medium" sauce, it was plenty hot for me and my dining companions.  Just be careful not to suck the sauce too quickly; it will clear up your sinuses in a hurry!

Just like any of these seafood boil places, be ready to get down and dirty.  They have lobster bibs and full rolls of paper towels on the tables for a reason!

Overall, this was one of our favorite meals in Las Vegas.  It's in Chinatown and pretty far away from the Strip, so rent a car to get here.
Went here for the first time on a Friday night.  We went to the location further west but there is also one closer to the freeway. I assume they are the same.  It was packed but worth the wait. We ordered shrimp, lobster, snow crab, sweet potato fries, corn and rounds of beer. We ordered everything medium and hot n juicy. The food was great and really messy. It was a fun experience and will go here again. Just be prepared for the food to stare back at you since they leave the heads on!  Also don't plan on leaving without food all over and juice squirting you in the face.
I have finally had the chance to check this place out and what a disappointment.

Let me start by saying... our waiter, Nick... DAMN. It was almost like he was fed up in being there and just didn't give a fck. Once we sat down, he came and yes... threw out menus in our face, threw sugar bags down on the table, and asked us you guys want anything to drink?! Daaaamn serious?!?!! Why Boo??!! WHY??! Wow okay... . Came back with our teas and took our orders.. that's the last time we saw his face. 

It took numerous attempts to get a runner, server, whoever worked there to ask for refills, which finally was able to be refilled, but with regular tea when I had Raspberry. Nasty... The whole time we were there... our throats were like a desert and our drinks were empty.. so damn empty,  the melted ice made a few gulps of replenishment to get us through our meals. We had to ask for gloves, we had to ask again for our pepper and  limes on the side, which our server never brought, and we even had to ask the next table to please get their server's attention for us after she was done giving them their food orders, just so we could... Ask. Even our tools to crack open our crabs were not the right tools, but after trying to get a server's attention. It was more tiring to wave down a server than tear apart our meals. From the frustration on the service here, I tore the crab legs with my own bare hands and ate like an animal. Tearing it with my own straight teeth!!! Grrr!!! I ended up doing the.. break the shell with my fingers and gently wiggle wiggle the meat out. Several times I showed my great company that I conquered a looooong piece of crab meat Ha haaaa! But then she shows off her piece, which was thicker and longer than mine!!! Oh yeah?!??!!!! I had that Ooo impressed face and nodded my head. We entertained each other... But never once were we checked back upon to see how we were doing or we needed anything. It was literally the worst service for a fun-filled environment. 

I heard their other new location has better service, but this experience makes me think twice to even want to give them my business.

The food was the only thing that made me want to give Any stars to this establishment. The sweet potato fries was excellent in texture and taste. The shrimp, crab, and side of sausage we ordered were full of spice and with the combination of asking limes on the side to make your own sauce.. it tasted refreshing, sweet, spicy, peppery, bitter, and ended with a great bite from the acidity of the limes. Don't forget to ask for those pepper and limes on the side.. makes a great impact with the flavors of the spices that were cooked in with the crab and shrimp. Even if you have to hunt someone down that worked there to get it! I will note that the food deserves high remarks. However, due to the lack of service we received here, it's unfortunate to give it such a low rating. But I must speak the truth and the service here was... non-existence. Damn, DAMN shame if you ask me. It ruined a good meal experience and for us to constantly try to get a server's attention is just bad news. We couldn't enjoy our food and it shouldn't be that way.

And for that reason alone... first and last time dining here. Wasn't so "hot" after all and that's the juicy part.
This place is ridiculous in the best way possible. Huge servings of shellfish dropped in a bag on your table, steaming with spices. Yes, please. Definitely order a side of rolls with your order to get the most out of that extra sauce. I got a pound of shrimp with sausage, a side of rolls and a sapporo and it was the best decision i've ever made. Can't wait to go back when I'm not with all of my vegetarian friends ; )
Hot N Juicy is THE BEST. Ever since my husband and I discovered this place, we have been ADDICTED. My husband loves the crawfish and I love their shrimp. Their garlic butter sauce is to die for.

The place opens at noon- and by that time, there are usually people waiting to get in. Sometimes getting a soda refill can take 10 minutes, but it is SOOOOO worth it.
It's like boiling crab in the south bay...so if you've tried something similar, this place is not worth the trek. Personally, I don't think this type of food is worth a hour wait anywhere.
Never gets old. Hell, if adam richmond is gonna come here so will I!
The crawfish here were DELICIOUS. And a little warning, please trust them when they tell ya Spicy means SPICY. Believe it or your lips would feel like they are burning.  And their secret recipe (the Hot & Juicy flavor) is the way to go, sooo hot and soooo juicy! =P 

Besides the crawfish, their shrimps are also delicious; tender, juicy, and very flavorful as well. We did not try the King Crab leg, which looked amazing when some lady cracked those shells and pulled out a whole long strip of crab meat. Holy cow, wish I could go back now and get some! 

Oh oh, and their sweet potato fries are soooo sooo good. It was the first time when I did not find any soggy fries in the bunch and every single one of them was perfectly fried (crispy) and sweet! Oh man...

Besides the food, the service here is very friendly; they are very busy, but everybody still greet the customers with smiles and are knowledgeable with recommendations...another thumbs up. The shadiest part of my dining experience here is that they use all plastic cups for drinks and water. Guess it gives you a seafood shack type of feel and most importantly, easier to clean as they can just wrap everything in the paper table cloths and throw away. Maybe should consider recycling cuz that's just a lot of paper and plastic everyday? 

Now that I've done my Let's Save Earth Ad, allow me to HIGHLY recommend this place if you know you are a crawfish fan....a MUST in Vegas.
This place rocks!
It has been a struggle deciding between three and four stars, but I have settled on four. I feel this place is slightly over-hyped and perhaps part of my let down was attributed to such high expectations due to this hype. I expected to be blown away, and instead I was just barely satisfied. 

We ordered 1lb of shrimp in their signature sauce medium spicy, half a dozen oysters, cajun fries and bowl of rice. I also had two beers. The tab was very reasonable for the amount of food we received, hence why I opted for four instead of three star rating. I felt that the price was fair for the quality of the food. The sauce was good as was the shrimp. The fries were nothing special, but the cajun seasoning was very very good. The oysters were tiny and not memorable. The rice was great with the sauce from the shrimp. Overall, the meal was fine but I would not seek this place out again or feel the desire to return unless the circumstance calls for it (friends who want to try it, I am in the area and rest of Chinatown has burned down, etc).
I really enjoyed myself when I ate here the other evening. I saw this restaurant on an episode of "Man VS Food," so naturally I had to eat here on my trip to Las Vegas. We ordered a pound of "crawfish" with 'Hot & Juicy Sauce (mild)' & a pound of "shrimp" with 'garlic/butter (mild)' sauce. They both were amazing and the fact that you eat with plastic gloves (optional) is super fun. Be prepared to smell like seafood for a while and do not wear white. Shper fun & a must do while in Las Vegas. 



P.S. Order a side of sweet potato fries. Yum!
The original and the best seafood in Vegas. Bring gloves, because you're going to get sauce on your hands and all over the place.
I finally got to try the original Hot N Juicy Crawfish during my recent trip to Vegas last week!

After getting dropped off in a cab at Boiling Crab and finding out that they were out of crawfish, (!!!) a group of 9 of us literally walked a mile to Hot N Juicy.  We split our orders into 2, and my group ordered: 

- 10 pounds of crawfish, hot, Hot N Juicy special
- 2 pounds of shrimp, hot, garlic butter
- 1 pound of snow crab legs, hot, Hot N Juicy special

EVERYTHING was flavorful, tender, and juicy.  It was definitely more "hot" than I had expected, (I'm used to the "hot" here in DC) which wasn't a bad thing at all.  Although they messed up our order of shrimp (they gave us Hot N Juicy special instead of garlic butter) and the server was very unaccomodating towards the mistake, (She asked us: "Are you sure that's the wrong one?") repeatedly having to ask for things, (salt and pepper and limes, gloves, cleaning out our buckets, etc.) and spilling juices on my back while cleaning up -- everything else was smooth.  I could understand that it was really busy and serving a group of 9 might have been challenging, especially because we all had different drink orders and requests.

This is definitely a "must-try" if you're in Vegas and love seafood!
My friend loves this place, every time she's in vegas, this place is a must for her. so we finally get to try out this place. i hate the parking, some stupid bitch jacked my spot, so i ended up parking on the side. anyways, the wait was less than 20 minutes on a saturday night for 4 people. we were seated, the atmosphere was nice, different from the usual cf places i go to in socal, and it's so weird because the waiters/waitress are caucasians (i'm used to asians) haha. anyways my bf and i order 1 1/2 of shrimp, medium with their hot n juicy special (it wasn't any kind of spice at all, shrimp was huge), chicken wings (it was good, nothing special), cajun fries (meh... didn't enjoy it much, not crispy), and a corn (no bueno ): i was pretty sad about it). 

service: not bad, had to ask for stuff, and when we ordered more stuff, they kinda forgot about it, but it wasn't  a long wait..

overall, i would go back, im planning to try the one that open in orange county some day... (:
Just realized that I just became the Duke of Check-Ins at Hot N' Juicy. I'm pretty ashamed that I haven't written them a review. My family and I get together at the original location about once or twice a month. Found that the food is pretty consistent and is a great place for a large family. We often get shrimp and snow crab with either lemon pepper or hot n' juicy sauces. It's so much fun just getting down and dirty while eating seafood laden with garlicky goodness. You leave with a pretty raunchy smell but this food is worth the extra shower.
3.5 stars

its not boiling crab but when your in vegas this'll get your fix

Pros - crawfish here is awesome, seasoning is great and the service is wonderful.  
   got a couple of pounds of shrimp and of everything there this was my fav.
   if you like it hot n spicy this is the place to go... my nose and eyes were running like 
      mo'fo

Cons - boiling crab is much better imho
   the cajun fries werent that good as opposed to b.crabs
   i like hot food but maybe during my first visit it was a lil too hot for me


will prolly end up back here again... worth a try
Normally, I like spicy food.

The server warned us that "medium is a little hotter than tabasco, and mild still has a kick"

Believe the woman!!

Here's a tip: Ask for a side of melted butter to cut the spiciness if you need to.

This was one of the longest, messiest meals of my life. No fault of the restaurant; crawfish takes a lot of digging.

When it was all said and done, I ordered a side of rolls (three to an order) and mopped up all that luscious, amazing, spicy sauce in the bottom of the bag, even though I had no room.  DAMN! That's good!

And, yes, I had heartburn for a full day afterwards.
I must admit I only wanted to try this place to compare it to my favorite spot in Cali. After doing so, I still have my #1 favorite but this one is pretty good as well. I first ordered 1 pound of shrimps, 1 pound of blue crabs and one basket of catfish (pretty much my usual). I shared it of course with my sis. Both shrimp and crab was made in the Hot n Spicy sauce mild. Some of my friends got the highest spice level (cringe). The shrimps were huge compared to what I'm use too! This was the first thing that came out and me and my sis went thru it pretty fast and since she wasn't having any of the crabs we decided to get another pound.... terrible mistake cause she got pretty full so we ended up sharing with our whole group hehe. I lucked out on the crab. Both females!!! and I love the eggs so I was a happy camper :D 

One thing and its a very little thing, the cajan fries were not very cajan. It was barely seasoned to what I'm use to... But this place is definitely GREAT!!! Make it a place to stop by if your partying in vegas for the weekend
This is  great place to take your friends and Family and enjoy some great tasting shrimp and eat with your hands ;).....I recommend Hot and Juicy special sauce and mild spice cuz it is too spicey otherwise,unless thats your thing......a must try in Vegas
Similar to Boiling Crab, but a little different.  I cannot say either one is better than the other since they are pretty similar.  Both restaurants are delicious.  The difference I noticed was that Boiling Crab's seasoning has more garlic.  Hot and Juicy has soft shelled blue crab with fries; I do not think Boiling Crab has that.
OMG...this place was soooo good.  The seasonings of the hot and juicy flavor is great.... the crab and shrimp cooked in this seasoning is sooooo DELICIOUS, corn and potatoes are so yummy.  If you order the shrimp you get soooo much for the price $10.   I love the idea of all the plastic bags, gloves, tableclothes....no utensils, no plates...its so fun!!!  
Oh and the spicy is definitely spicy!!!  
Its a couple miles off the strip but even being a tourist having to take a cab, its well worth the extra $10 cab ride.
Sweet. Awesome food awesome people. Everything was good drinks never went dry. Food was fast hot and great.
first visit ever, went on a tuesday night, atmosphere was awesome, place was packed, ordered king crab legs, snow crab legs, crawfish, potatoes and corn, everything was great, personal favorite and BEST ITEM ON THE MENU has got to be the snow crab,.....the different flavors and spices were perfect, cant wait to return to vegas to go for seconds!   HIGHLY RECOMENDED TO ANYONE WHO LIKES SEAFOOD  (im from baltimore so i know my crabs....)
The service was excellent. One of the waiters even ran outside to find us because he thought we left our food. The food was good and seasoned very well. The fish was fried golden brown and just right. There is actually 2 of them on Spring Mountain so go to the one that's in the white building.
Been here, it's ok! It's no Boiling Crab & the taste will stay in your system for a whole week so beware!
I love this place. Where else can you go and have little eyes looking at you as you tear there heads off and eat them..  Everything tastes great and the beer is cheap.
What else can I say but mmmmmmmm. We had the address on the GPS but just happened to see this one before we reached our destination. Come to find out, there's two locations super close to each other. We went straight for the seafood. We got a pound of crawfish in garlic butter, mild and a pound of snow crab legs, in garlic butter mild. Everything was awesome! I would have liked it more spicy, but wifey couldn't have handled it. next time we'll prob both get our own stuff. The seafood was super fresh and cooked to perfection. Messy, but super worth it. Def go if you want a cool no frills seafood experience. and make it spicy!!!
Hot N Juicy has the best crawfish in Vegas hands down! I order 2lbs of hot N juicy flavor crawfish and loved every single bite! The spice is on point! So be ready to sweat lol  Cajun fries are great here too! I really only go for the crawfish so I have no clue what else on the menu taste like. The wait on weekends is more then 30 minutes so I recommend going on a weekday. The service is great and fast. Love love this place!
Warning: Do not wear your best clothes here, and come here prepared to get disgustingly messy, but it's worth it!  With that being said, come here to get fresh live crawfish!  I got a pound of house special marinated crawfish, and lemon pepper marinated shrimp to go.  The crawfish and the sauce was delicious.  The crawfish meat was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was rich and spicy.  The lemon pepper sauce was also very good, but the shrimp, while big, didn't taste as fresh, since the meat was a little mushy where you take the head off the shrimp.  I asked the waitress how hot the "medium" spice level was at, and she said 8/10, soo... I opted for "mild" which was just right: not too spicy that I won't enjoy the meal, but had just enough kick to prove quite tasty.
Love this place. A little pricey but so worth it.. If you are craving crawfish in Las Vegas come here. Their seasoning is well balanced and the spices give you enough kick without overpowering the seafood. I recommend getting there early because there is almost always a wait.
My boyfriend and I were craving Boiling Crab (BC) while we were in Vegas visiting his parents. So we yelped for the new Boiling Crab in Vegas, but stumbled across Hot N Juicy Crawfish so we decided to give it a try. GOOD CHOICE!! I am happy to report that this is my new favorite hot spicy cajun shrimp place to eat! There doesn't seem to be a line here to eat, which is good because I hate waiting for more than an hour for food. 

Service is really good here. Our waitress explained everything and gave us her recommendations. And when your water is low they come and fill it rather quickly. The waiters and waitresses are usually walking around and asking how everything is. 

I think prices were a dollar more than BC but that's okay. Totally worth it. We usually order just 2lb of shrimp (I can't even eat half) and cajun fries to share. And we got the medium spicy hot n juicy special. 

The shrimp: It's so good. It's better than the shrimp at BC because the shrimp here are more plump and drenched more in sauce! Sometimes at BC it's either you get small shrimp or not enough sauce. But here, it looked like everyone's bags came with lots of sauce and plump shrimps. I think that is a win.

The cajun fries: Hot spicy goodness in the mouth. I felt like my mouth was on fire just after a couple! I love spicy food so this was a win in my book. It doesn't look like they just sprinkle the cajun sauce on the fries, but it looks like they cook it while the fries are in the fryer because it is seriously explosion of cajun flavor in your mouth after one bite.

Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going to make a stop here. It's not near the strip so if you are visiting and staying on the strip, get a rental car or taxi it over to the "chinatown" of Vegas.
Absolutely flavorful!! My favorite is the snow crabs extra spicy. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. Lol. And you must order corn. It so sweet and melts in your mouth. And if you like sweet potatos order sweet potato fries. Crispy and sweet.
Awesome!!!  Loved the crawfish and étouffée.
Some friends recommended this place to us while in Vegas. I LOVE Crawfish, Crawdaddies, Mud Bugs or whatever you call them. The cab driver told us that there is always a wait but totally worth it. We waited for at least one hour in the hot Vegas heat and it WAS worth it. They felt bad for us waiting and sat us at the counter. 

Everything is plastic because this place gets messy! We ordered the crawdaddies and they were served in a plastic bag. When we finished, we ordered another order! 

After spending what seemed like hours in the place, we ended up getting the same cab driver back and he rolled down the windows. He wasn't surprised when we told him that he was right. 

**this place is off the beaten path but totally worth it**
This restaurant lives up to it's name.  Wow it was good.  A friend took us to this restaurant and my wife really enjoyed it.  So on our last trip to Vegas, she had to go back.  It was just as good as the first time.  Restaurant offers no plates that I know of, so it can get messy.  Recommend any of the boiled items - we had the shrimp and crawfish and to steer away from the fried stuff (the fried shrimp was nothing special).
They open at noon, we came around 12:30 and it was already packed with only 2 tables open.  Our group of 4 was greeted and seated quickly, but getting us menus and our orders took a while.  We saw another group who was seated after us get their menus, orders in, and drinks before we even got our menus.  We finally waved someone down after 15 min of servers walking past us, and he didn't seem very enthusiastic to help us.  He first said "So is it your first time here?" and I say yes, he says with (ugh)"it seems like its everyone's first time here today..." and goes on about how to order and everything.  We've been to other similar seafood places like this back home so we are not totally new to this type of place, but it was our first time.. still, whatever.

The Hot n Juicy sauce here is awesome!  We ordered regular spicy, but I think we could handle extra spicy!  Its a nice garlic-buttery-spicy sauce.  My friend ordered the Garlic Butter sauce but it was not good at all.  

The king crab legs are huge, and one order came with only 4 legs.  I was a little disappointed because the seafood places back home (very similar to this) serve more legs.

The food also took forever to get to us.  We got our orders really far apart from each other, and they seemed to forget our rice.  The servers were prompt with filling our drinks though.
I heard about this place from a friend, and during my last trip to Sin City, made it a point to come here.  

Got here around 8:00, and waited about 15 mins, which was not bad at all considering I normally wait around 2 hours at Boiling Crab.  

Once we were seated, we ordered sweet potato fries,  the fried catfish basket, 1 pound of crawfish, 2 pounds of shrimp, both with the Hot n' Juicy sauce.  

The hot and juicy sauce lacked flavor, we literally had to add salt to it  to liven it up.  The sweet potatoes fries were not crispy, and the catfish had way too much batter.

Eh , maybe I came on an off day, but I am willing to give this place another try.
Everytime we take a trip to Vegas, this is a place we always make a stop @. The food is Amazing!! The employees are always friendly, the service is fast except wait times on busy days. The food is messy, but it definately holds the flavor!! I highly recommend getting here around the time it opens and avoiding evenings around dinner time. I must say, a must eat place!!!!
I have heard good things about this place for a while and have driven past both locations pretty often. However, I have never REALLY wanted to try Hot N Juicy Crawfish because I am kind of like a cat, LOL. I don't like messy eating and if I am going to go out and pay for my food, I prefer all the work to be done for me, if you know what I mean. 

The in-laws were in town and have been wanting to eat here, so we finally came here for dinner the other night. We arrived at just the right time because there were a few tables still open and we were seated right away. 10 minutes later, the restaurant was full and many people were waiting outside. We had no luck with parking. The parking lot is very small and we had to park across the street. 

My husband and the in-laws ordered a variety of seafood: blue crab, clams, shrimp crawfish, and catfish. 

Their opinions:
- the shrimp and catfish were the best
- the crawfish required too much work for too little meat
- the crab was very hard to take apart
- "mild" was still pretty spicy

I ordered the fried shrimp and sweet potato fries. I know, boring right? The fried shrimp wasn't very good. I think that the size was decent, but there was just too much breading on them. After eating 2 pieces, I didn't want anymore. The sweet potato fries were standard, nothing special. 

I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I would come back again because I didn't enjoy it too much. However, I will give this place 4 starts because my family thought it was alright and had a good time. Service was friendly and attentive. We even had nice neighbors who showed us what they had ordered and commented on what tasted good.

Just a few tips:
- DO NOT wear nice clothing because juices will squirt everywhere and you will get dirty!
-Remember to take a shower and do laundry ASAP because you will smell like the restaurant even after you leave! Skin, hair, clothes, everything!
My husband and I went here tonight. (we tried a few weeks ago but they were out of crawfish)
The service was promo friendly, and the atmosphere was fun. The food was good. We ordered the hot n juicy sauce mild. Boy did it still have a kick. So if you like it spicy you don't have to look any further than mild. We almost ordered medium, but for the first time mild was the way to go and we love spicy food. 
We ordered two lbs of crawfish and one lb. of shrimp. Overall I would just get the shrimp for $10 a lb. the crawfish was a bit of a disappointment mainly because most of them were super tiny and it was not worth all that work to get a tiny bit from the tail. 
The hostess did recommend that next time to try the lemon pepper dungeonus crab.
Like most Yelpers, I first heard of Hot 'n Juicy from Man vs. Food but the Yelpers seemed mixed on this one so I kept my expectations low. 

Even during midday, the parking lot was practically full. I could smell seafood-y goodness wafting through the door. I was seated quickly near a fuzzy TV & the waitress even moved me to a cooler seat. I was wary about service but was pleasantly surprised by the kind & attentive servers. 

My friend & I shared 2lb crawfish & 2 lb shrimp mild (my body won't allow me to consume spicy anymore but mild still had a bit of spice). I'm not a fan of Boiling Crab's the Whole Shebang-- I prefer garlic butter-- so I am in the same camp with other Yelper who felt the hot & spicy sauce could use more garlic. I also felt the food could have come out a little hotter temperature-wise.  

Water was free, the wait was nonexistent on a Saturday afternoon, parking was easy, they carried $3 bottled Sapporo (is this because it's near Chinatown?), you could add potato, & both they had multiple restrooms (one of my big qualms).

For me, it comes down to the food. Overall impression: Good, not quite Boiling Crab good.
We came to eat here after our stint with exotic cars at LV Motor Speedway. My friend saw Hot N Juicy Crawfish in Man vs. Food. Good Cajun seafood. Definitely better than salty Boiling Crab but just a tad behind our local Ray's Crab. We had 2lbs of shrimp, 2bls of clams, sweet potato fries, and rice. I liked their clams the best; tender and delightful. Big plus on their servers that could definitely strike up some conversation. 

What I like the most is that their hot is hot and not watered down. Its definitely a tingling sensation in my palette that is delightful and pleasing. I am pretty sure their spicy could be a workout. 

We will probably be back if we desire hot cajun seafood and we are in Vegas.
First the problems with this place.  It gets to hot in the building.  They need to turn the AC on or lower the temp.  Second when it is busy, and this place gets busy the service can be slow.  Now the good stuff, everything else.  Every waiter I have had has been very friendly.  I don't order the crawfish.  I think they are too much work.  I actually prefer the shrimp.  You get more meat, I feel the flavor of the sauce is better on the shrimp, and I feel they are easier to peel.  I also like pretty much everything else they have. I will say that not all Hot N Juicy's are created equal.  The one in Fountain Valley California sucks.
Our 1st time going to this restaurant we were greeted very friendly into our table right away by staff member. Our waitress was so helpful with our order for our 1st there we were impress. We brought our sister & brother in law & they fell in love with this restaurant & they are local. The seafood is DELICIOUS!! Every time we come to Las Vegas we have to eat here. Keep up the good service & great food.
This place is awesome, the priority at this place is good food... I heard a lot about this place so my expectations were high when I got to Vegas. I didn't want to put the bib on but it was definitely a good idea...

What we had:
Fried catfish
Corn fritters
Shrimp boil
Crab legs
Corn on the Cobb
Fries
Sweet potato fries

The only thing that I had that was not off the charts good were the fries, everything else was so good I can't wait to go back. Our waitress was funny an had no problem trading shots with 8 guys.

This place is now on my 'must do while in Vegas' list. This place is awesome before accounting for the relatively inexpensive prices. Add that in and this place is borderline 5 stars. If I have the same experience again I will bump this place up to 5 stars.

They don't have plates, but who cares? So it's not a first date place, or a place you go to prior to a club, but this place is awesome.
I went here a few months back, around the end of May. From what I can remember I totally enjoyed it. I got the 2lb crawfish cajun style and the bf got some sort of fried platter with fries.  I don't remember if this place gives you the option of choosing live or frozen, but these crawfish were definitely big.  Both entrees were really tasty and was great to wash down with a couple of Coronas.


Side note: As much I love munching down on some crawfish, I absolutely hate the fishy smell it leaves on your hands. My recommendation? Be the loser who uses the gloves ;)


Yes, I am that loser.
First of all, parking here sucks. You'd be better off parking across the street and trying to play Frogger with your life on Spring Mountain (not recommended). Avoid the peak hours or make friends with the people who live down the street (or at the Asian massage parlor next door - score!)

The shrimp was great (lemon butter sauce!). I also really enjoyed the Catfish. The crawfish in the namesake however was way too much work for way too little meat. Also, their 'mild' is my 'spicy' though I still enjoyed tearing those bodies apart like some hungry, homicidal Cloverfield.

The old man footed the bill during a visit to his favorite son and daughter in-law on the 9th island. I would definitely come back on my own though, for that awesome catfish and shrimp. Dress down and get dirty for some cooked bottom feeders!
My friends didn't realize that there were two locations which are fairly close together and so what had happened was that one group ended up being at one location while the other was at another, funny story lol. Anyways, so we are in Vegas and heard that this place was similar to The Boiling Crab & Crab Hut so we decided to check it out!

Service: was kind, our waitress was helpful and attentive.
Atmosphere: pretty spacious, had a good amount of seating, and it seems to be bigger than the other location next to Mr.Tofu.

Food: my bf & I shared 1 1/2lb of shrimp, mild, in hot n juicy sauce, fried catfish basket w/cajun fries, and two corn. Verdict?

Pro: The hot n juicy sauce has a nice kick to it & pretty flavorful and it was nicely smothered over the shrimp. The two half corn on the cob was nearly drenched into the sauce which made the corn sweet from its own juices yet hot/juicy from the sauce. I also got to try my friend's corn fritters because I was curious to see how it tasted and to my liking it was awesome. I like the creamy yet sweet texture that happens when the corn ball is dipped into the batter and then fried. 

Eh: the "cajun fries" ... about them fries, it clearly wasn't cajun fries but merely fries with a splash of cajun seasoning over it. It was not the same... not what I imagined and had experienced at The Boiling Crab. Slightly disappointed, but at least the fries were not bad. 

Con: From the outside the crust appears to be crunchy but when I bit into the crust of the fried catfish I was in awe. It doesn't appear to be crunchy but semi chewy or had an interesting texture to it. The catfish was okay not as fresh. 

Overall, I didn't come here for the crawfish because I'm not really a big fan of that but I did enjoy some parts of my meal if not all. It was a good experience to try a new place but I think I have to stick to The Boiling Crab as still my favorite go to place for this type of meal.
An experience
Hot n Juicy is a great place to dine at.  The service is good, the price is good.  The food is very good.  This place seems to be more reasonably priced compared to the boiling crab.  It is also a good place for kids!
If you're a big seafood fan like me, you'll love this place.

I always order 1lb garlic shrimp, fried calamari and a cup of rice. Its delicious! The shrimp is a tad too spicy to me but the calamari actually balances it. 

The pricing is a bit too much for me. 1lb shrimp for around $10 and the fried food is also around the $10 range.

Its very casual, dim and loud place. Go crazy with your food :)
I am tired of the long line in bowling crab so I decided to try something new. It was 8pm and we got in right away. The parking is limited. I heard many complains about the service here but our server, Max,was excellent. Their crawfish is juicer sauce then boiling crab. No free lemon and lack dipping sauce.
We ordered 2lbs of crawfish, 1 lb. of shrimps, sweet potato fries, 2 drinks and the total came out to be $45.
To be honest with you this place is 5 stars for a lot of people.  The hot n juicy sauce over crawfish seemed to have everyone at the table addicted.  I did really like the clams with hot n juicy sauce.  I can see why everyone LOVES this place.  The prices are also pretty great.  The food however was a little too heavy for me.  I was looking for something more on the lighter side.  That being said, this off strip place, is really popular, and I'm sure you'd like it.
This place may be the Asian version of boiling crab, but in Vegas and not as crowded and loud as boiling crab. the crawfish were delicious and i looovve everything here. however you have to be a fan of wanting to eat like a three year old and use your hands for everything as well as the table being your plate. this restaurant is very casual and laid back. the staff and was really nice and enthusiastic but they were a little inattentive to my table, well i can't complain too much they did have a birthday table right behind us but still. 
 the food was good but not too filling. this plalce is worth to try.
The next best thing to boiling crab! The last few times I've been to vegas, I have eaten here for lunch. It is delicious! Their hot and juicy special mix is yummy! The last few times I've been here, the service is great! The waitresses are attentive and very friendly! Food comes out pretty quickly, and prices are fair! It surprises me how fresh the crawfish are! I heard they fly them in daily. YUM =) 

The oysters are also really good. The cajun fries are ok. I think the boiling crab ones is way better but what matters most, is the sauce for the seafood (which is delicious!)

My boyfriend left his credit card here and we were able to come back and retrieve it. So glad the staff didn't steal the credit card =) When we were getting his card back, we noticed there was like 6 other credit cards that people left. They kept it safe in the cash register! Thanks hot n juicy!!
I always wanted to try crawfish "lousiana stye" with corn & potatoes. I ordered the 1lb. bag of crawfish hot & juicy style, medium-spiced. The sauce that they coat the crawfish in is to-die for. I liked it so much I dripped my cajun fries in it! 
I highly recommend this place. I just wish they had one closer to me than Orange County. Luckily they are opening one soon in We-Ho. Which is just around the corner of my beau's place!
Five years in Vegas and I finally made my first trip to Hot N Juicy. I've been missing out all these years. The place is as good as everyone says it is. Great atmosphere and great food. King crabs and snow crabs were were meaty and delicious, the shrimp was big, and the crawfish weren't bad, although they were my least favorite because they required a lot of work for very little meat. Corn and corn fritters were excellent. We had to get another order of the fritters because they were so good.

Even on a Sunday night it was busy. We came here after go-karting at Pole Position and worked up an appetite but had to wait over half an hour to get a table. And, what's up with the TV reception? They've got some big flat screens but the picture was all static-y. Not that I cared to watch TV during dinner, but it just seemed odd.

My hands still wreaked of garlic the day after, but it was so worth it.
Viva Las Vegas!!! This has become my favorite restaurant in Vegas! I go there every time. Fresh crawfish flown in every day...shrimp and crab legs that are to die for, tender clams and the Hot N Juicy sauce (I prefer this sauce in hot but you get a choice of sauces & heat level) just covers everything with love! 

All the seafood is served in bags so it keeps absorbing the flavor of the sauce. The crawfish comes with a potato and corn in the bag, but you can get it added to everything else. I recommend adding these as the corn gets the flavor of the sauce and the potato absorbs the sauce. I also like getting a bowl of rice as well and you can pour the sauce on it! 

Yes, you are peeling and ripping your food apart with your bare hands, so ladies, if you do not want to mess up your manicure, they do provide gloves. I went brazenly bare last time though and it was a lot easier to eat and when I was done all the sauce washed off easily.

They now have 2 locations... I prefer the one that is furthest from the strip. The one closer is very, very loud because of the building. It's like being in a tin can, so take the extra 5 minutes and head a little further up Spring Mountain.

I cannot wait for my next Hot N Juicy fix!
I have been wanting to go to this place since seeing it on Man vs. Food. It is always packed, so doing be in a rush when you visit. Plus you will stay there awhile. It smells kind of gross if you aren't used to this sort of thing. The service was very good. Our waitress was helpful as we were on our maiden voyage. The service is the best part of the entire experience. 
If you are with others and never had crawfish I would highly recommend to first order one pound then order more if you like them. It is an acquired taste and to tell you the truth I didn't like them. Especially sucking the juice from the head. Blah! I only tried the Special Sauce Mild and found it to actually be very good. I also had shrimp and it was more satisfying after all the work of peeling. Bigger reward at the end not like the tiny reward from crawfish. I was disappointed only because it looked so much better on TV. Would I go back? I highly doubt it as I couldn't get the smell out of my nose and breath for a coupe days. Wearing gloves makes it so hard to peel but saves on the stinkies. Maybe I needed to wash it down with a cold beer but in any case it only gets a 3Star because a 2Star wouldnt be reflective of the awesome service we had from our waitress. Waitress 5Star food was 2star.

UPDATE: As funny as it might seem, I am wanting to go again, but staying away from the Crawfish. Have upped my rating because of the craving.
It was my first time here and I'll be honest, I was skeptical. I have been a "Boiling Crab" fan for many years and each time I've gone to other joints, I've been severely disappointed so I've stopped trying. 

Our friend Andy recommended this place and seeing that we were crashing at his place, I thought we should at least try it out.

I ordered 1 pound of crawfish medium spicy with their special sauce, 1 order of dungeness crab legs and both were delicious! The sauce was just right, not too oily, had a great garlic flavor. I also ordered a piece of corn to sop up the sauce. 

I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves seafood!
Spicy really means spicy, and medium means medium! Finally a place that got the heat system right!
This is a must go!  If you have been to Vegas or live in Vegas you must go to Hot N Juicy Crawfish... go in the evening and anticipate a wait and slow service.  It is worth the wait and mediocre service to taste their crawfish, shrimp, lobster, or seasonal crab.  We also recommend the catfish basket, it is amazing !  


My wife, family, friends, and anyone who comes to Vegas for a visit, we always take them here.  Everyone has had great things to say and recently I have noticed some new employees.  The service has been some what better but still has room to improve.  Either I have adjusted to their spice levels or they have reduced them, I don't think it is as spicy as it used to be.

Enjoy and let me know what you think.
My friend A'lene took me and my kids to this place similar to Boiling Crab in the OC. We ordered the garlic lemon flavored shrimp (mild) and cups of rice. The shrimp were huge and the sauce is to die for.  A'lene recommended pouring the sauce to the rice, twas perfect. I almost ate the whole bag of shrimp, almost forgot I was sharing it. hahaha

The only complaint I have is the 25 minute wait and the noise level in the restaurant. Other than that, I highly recommend this restaurant. I could eat here everyday.
FABULOUS.....Always if there is a wait it is worth it!
My brother, wife and kids were in town and spotted this as we drove and bombarded me with questions. It was good the last time I went, but it wasn't impressive that I was dying to go back. I was dreading a very ridiculous wait, but they said 20 minutes and it seemed like we got seated sooner than that. I guess in the recent year they've really ironed out their efficiency since our orders came swiftly was well.

Ordered shrimp, crawfish, and clams in HNJ sauce, andouille sausage in hot butter, and one in lemon butter, half a dozen raw oysters, and rice. I've never been a fan of crawfish since it's a whole lot of shell for a little bitty nub of meat. The shrimp was big, juicy and perfectly cooked. The clams were pretty good but a few had a bit of sand still. I guess that's just a typical hazard with shells. After trying the sausages in other sauces, I still prefer the HNJ as my sauce- spicy and garlicky good. I was a tad miffed last time I came here with $2 rice being a piddly scoop- they made the serving bigger which they should. Asians rejoice!  My family liked this place so that's good. Sometimes being a Yelper everyone thinks you know ALL the things and I feel pressure being different in food taste too. 

Service was great. Very friendly, checked on us often, fast about getting things. I really think the staff here has finally figured out a groove. Only helps them to faster turnover.

Of course this is a messy experience, but if you don't like getting your hands all garlicky and seafood smelling, you can request gloves! My nephew wanted gloves so his hands don't smell. They give you bibs of course but this isn't the spot to wear something nice to and avoid long sleeves like white button downs. Cracking shells is a splatter hazard. 

Yeah, this place is hyped to hell and I don't think is the greatest thing to happen to seafood like people make it out to be, but it is solid if you just want simple, fresh seafood. Sometimes clambake style food just hits that spot. If only it came with a sea view, I would feel complete.
What a way to start a vacation, great tasting crawfish!

The crawfish was well seasoned and their spicy, hot n juicy special wasn't very spicy but it's fine, it was actually my preferred level of hotness.  Their cajun fries were good "enough", just some cajun spices sprinkled on regular french fries.  Their oysters were a good start also, but their chicken nuggets (we had a child with us) sucked.

At 10.99/lb at the time of this writing, ah who cares, you're in Vegas, spend a little!
Heard of this place on man vs food and coming from a Cajun family who often have crawfish boils at home we had to check it out.

Ok to start we tried the catfish basket with Cajun fries. It was "okay" the catfish was not spicy so we ordered a side of hot and juicy medium sauce to dip it in. Fries were also just okay nothing special just some fries sprinkled with creole seasoning.

Then we ordered 2 pounds of crawfish with corn, potatoes and sausage with medium hot and juicy sauce. The crawfish was great!!! Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually. The sauce is a mixture of all of their sauces and it has a ton of garlic in it!! I love garlic!!  The potatoes and sausage were yummy, not a fan of the corn. At home we throw in mushrooms and I think they should too because I was missing it..

Last but not least we ordered corn fritters. These deep fried wonderful tasty treats were my favorite of the meal and to think I wasn't going to order it!!! It came with ranch sauce to dip but you need to ask for a side of sorracho sauce (chili sauce) just a little dip of it and it's soooo good!! 

We will definitely return, but I think I will try the one in Orange County.
Finger licking good. 2 beers, 1lb of Crawfish, 1lb of Mussels, 1lb sausage, and etouffe. $41. Excellent service and "we should consider coming back before we leave at the end of the week" style food. Everything is served in plastic bags, you get bibs and gloves, so don't wear your Sunday best. A very good casual hit-the-spot dinner. Will go back.
What a fun and unique place to eat!  I had a great time here and definitely want to return the next time I travel to Vegas.  I got here at about 8pm on a Friday night and didn't have to wait for a table.  Our waitress was very attentive and helpful.  She recommended her favs and gave great suggestions.
The four of us ordered 3 lbs. shrimp, 1 lb. king crab legs, a lobster which was about 1.5 lbs. , and 4 corns.  We all liked the shrimp the best and found it very fun to peel the shells off.  We also all liked the hot n juicy sauce the best, which was a mixture of  all their sauces.  The medium spicy level was more than enough!  I recommend dipping your seafood into the sauce after you peel it out of its shell!  YUM!
I minused one star because they were out of the dungeness crab, they also shorted us 1 corn, and the lobster took very very long to come out (I think they accidentally forgot about it until we reminded them).
But this was a great dinner and a great experience and also very affordable!
This place is so amazing!  The food is absolutely to die for.  It's amazing! And such a fun eating experience.  I live in Texas and dream about coming back here!
This place is AMAZING!!! I'm so thankful my friend told me about it... I got 1 lb. of shrimp with the hottest seasoning there was available I believe it was cajun and the corn drenched in the seasoning was SO delicious!!! I got salt & pepper, squeezed lemon juice and dipped my shrimp in it and ahhhhh enjoyed it to the fullest so good I had to order another lb. of shrimp lol.... Thankfully our wait wasn't bad we were seated right away but I did notice a little after there was a line of people waiting.. Service was GREAT. The waitress was friendly, helpful & informative. Prices were good for 1 lb. of shrimp about $10, sides such as corn or rice i want to say were $2... Overall a GREAT experience and can't wait for the W. Hollywood location to open since it's closer to me... You have to try HOT & JUICY CRAWFISH!!!
Not as busy as boiling crab so the service is a lot better.  The hot n spicy flavoring is the way to go and all for more of a kick.  I almost couldn't handle the medium level of spiciness.   Good change of pace.
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING.

I came to Vegas, with the saying "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas"
Well I cant express how much I love this place and how yummy the crawfish, shrimp, mussels, and sweet potato fries were. 

Great service, they were very quick and attentive. The food was amazing packed with flavors, definitely better than boiling crab. Their sauce comes with chopped potatoes that absorbs all of the flavor from the sauce, yummy...

The shrimp: big, hot, and juicy. haha the shrimp tasted fresh and did I mention juicy?
Crawfish: I am not a big fan of these little critters because it takes so much effort just to eat the little meat they have. But these guys here are pretty big. 
mussels: my favorite! you guys gotta order these! 
sweet potato fries: crispy on the outside soft and sweet in the inside (:


Definitely have to come back here again while I am in Vegas!
No matter what Boiling Crab & Hot and Juicy will always be compared to each other! Their menus & concepts are practically identical yet the 2 are quite different~ 

Atmosphere: I prefer BC! The restaurant is huge with plenty of TVs and I love how you can tag up their walls ~

Service: BC wins! Their servers are always smiley & happy! I love how they put your bibs on for you~

Quality: I think it's a tie! Both places have always had fresh seafood! Yummmmmy! And they usually have the same prices~ 

Corn/Potatoes/Sausage: For some reason they taste better at BC.. they just do! 

Special Sauce: I prefer the Hot & Juicy special sauce over the whole shabang! It has a stronger deeper flavor and you can definitely taste the garlic! BC can sometimes be way too salty for me..

Overall, The Boiling Crab wins but not by that much! I still like to eat at both places ~
fantastic meal and a fun atmosphere
A-Okay

I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again but I wouldn't rule it out if it was a convenient choice and my group was large. We had a party of 8, ordered lots of things and just shared with the table. The service was friendly and attentive, the prices weren't bad, and the place was pretty clean inside even though both locations on this street are in raunchy strip malls, and this location has very little parking. 

Corn Fritters: hands down the best thing we had here 
Cat fish: yummy corn meal battered and seasoned perfectly
Calamari: lightly battered fried golden okay on the seasoning
Cajun Fries: a delicious smoldering fire in my mouth
Plan Fries: Blah
Juicy Cajun med spicy, and lemon pepper pounds of shrimp: okay very large juicy shrimp that were fresh, but they should marinate the shrimp in their many sauces or seasonings for a while before boiled or use more seasoning while boiling the sauce just didn't stick making the shrimp pretty bland. 
Corn: Pretty good balanced the shrimp, although my mother didn't like that they put her piece in the juicy Cajun sauce instead of on the side. (simple fix if we return she can ask for it on the side so no biggie)
Mozzarella sticks: okay nothing to write home about, jar marinara sauce  
Sausage: Good and spicy I enjoyed the slices that were in the juicy Cajun sauce with the shrimp
Sweet Potato Fries: I'm just not a fan of these but a few people at the table that are a fan said they were standard

So the reason this place has 3 stars: 

1. Food was just okay I've been to places just like this before with kicked up flavor with more menu options 
2. I don't drink soda and all they offer is soda and beer, no lemonade no iced tea (even though the website says they have iced tea, major fail for me)??? I was puzzled by this pretty much every restaurant I go to offers at least one non soda option
3. The timing for their food is completely retarded our food came out at least 8 minutes apart from each other like they have one boiling pot and one fryer.. the shrimp came out first (not our appetizers?) then the calamari dinner then the appetizers, then after 10 more minutes the 3 catfish dinners so half the table was done eating when the last 3 meals came out once again major fail!
Have been here  few times and have always loved it here!  The shrimp and the crab are my fav!  The wait staff has always been very friendly, although the most recent time i was there, they had already run out of a lot of menu items, and it was still very early in the night, which im not going to lie, of course upset me and made me highly consider going and trying out The Boiling crab... that review to come soon!  The space is very small, and you do feel like you are almost sitting ontop of the person besides you, and while eating food that tends to get very messy, thats not always a good feeling.  Over all, I have enjoyed my times here!
The girls their were super nice and friendly!!!They get 3 stars by themselves!!!The food was just ok.It reminds me of the boiling crab.Yes will go again.
Gave this place another chance.  Tried to come here for my birthday a few months ago, only to face a 45 minute wait, a trip to their 2nd location, a waitress dumping a full soda on our table and finding out there was no crab - blue crabs, Dungeness crab, snow crab , king crab - NONE at all - only when our server took our order.  This time, I called ahead and yes, they had crab available.  

Pros - 

No wait at 6:15 on a Friday night
Beverages refilled promptly
Servers were friendly
Food was good

Cons -

Two of us ordered Dungeness crab; and server gave each of us a claw cracker tool, and that was it.  No fork, no pick, not even a butter knife or even one of those "sea sheller" plastic gadgets.  How did they expect anyone to eat crab without any other tools?  One of us ordered the lobster, and he did get the sea sheller tool.  When I asked for two more, the server said she wasn't sure if they had more, but she would look!  Come on, it's a SEAFOOD restaurant, and you can't give your customers something as simple as a plastic tool to open crab legs?  She did manage to bring two more to our table.

Only the crawfish included corn & potatoes.  I can understand not including sausage with boiled seafood, but one tiny potato and half an ear of corn for three people added $4 to our bill.  How hard could it be to just include this in every boiled seafood menu item?  Petty money grab, IMO. And . . .

Sausage, corn and potatoes were brought to the table 10 minutes before we got our seafood.  They were cold by the time we ate them with our seafood.

Marinara sauce with mozzarella sticks from appetizer menu was cold.

Seasoning description on menu could have had more information.  I have no idea what was in "Juicy Cajun" or "Louisiana Style" - White pepper?  Black pepper?  Red pepper?  Paprika?  No clue whatsoever with no information in the menu, and server didn't know either.

Parking lot is too small for the capacity of the restaurant.  

If you go -
Call ahead and ask if they have the seafood you want
Park on the street
If you plan on ordering crab, bring your own crab tools
Tell your server to bring the corn and potatoes with your seafood.
Good little spot if you dont feel like boiling up your own seafoods. it is what it is really can say much. the food is fresh reasonably priced and it has options. 

The staffing could use a little more help with promptness as well as friendliness. I think most of them are there just to make some cash but it should also be about the customer too!
I love hot and juicy craw fish! Every time I go to Vegas, I'd like to stop by and eat here. Although last night, the craw fish didn't taste good since it was "California" craw fish instead of Louisiana craw fish. It had a fishy smell and the shell was harder than usual. The head had this white stringy thing that lead to the back so it was gross to see and eat it. Other than that, the sauce is really good! I would definitely come back but I would order the Lousiana craw fish this time. Overall, I had a pleasant experience once again.
sooooooooooo effin good! enough said
To me I thought Hot N Juicy was just like boiling Crab, Everything tasted the same except I thought their Fried Shrimp Basket was delicious.
It seems like they fried their shirmp in corn meal which gave it a tasty bite and crunch.
I think that was the only difference and you don't have to wait an 1 1/2 hour in line like Boiling Crab in Garden Grove.
Prices I think are a little more expensive but hey they got to ship everything to Vegas...
I would come back esp. for the Fried Shrimp.
HNJ Crawfish is just ok. For some reason my friend got his food right away and I didn't get mine for another 20 minutes by which time he had already finished. 

I got the snow crab and it was decent though nothing special imo.
Hubby and I went to get our hands dirty at Hot N Juicy. From reading previous reviews, we did have an idea on what to expect. Went on a Saturday evening and surprisingly didn't have a wait at all.
We ended up odering oysters to start, king crab, snow crab and shrimp. Pretty good variety to test out. The crab was fresh and oooh so good. Gotta say I love that when you order spicy, it's exactly that. I was only slighly dissappointed on the waitress serving us, considering its pretty small, we had to flag her down a couple of times to get what we needed. 
This is now officially my husband's weekly request!
This is a must go to place if you visit Vegas and want some good crab. I lived down the street from this establishment and never went there until I was relaxing one day channel surfing and saw Adam Richman speaking on it.. Everyone I tell to go or take;never not want that experience when in Vegas....
We came to Vegas for some fun! It was Saturday afternoon - so we were hungry. We had 2 pounds of crawfish, 2 of shrimps and 1 pounds of mussel. There was something different with the sauce. 

Crawfish seems like overcooked - really rubby taste! U I guess that kind of spoil the taste a bit. Shrimp could not go wrong. Mussel was good. Or maybe we got the end of the pot - sauces. I don't know. 65 bucks unsatisfied!
It was everything I heard it would be. So delicious. Definitely coming back.
This is where I want to eat every time we go out. I'm addicted and I can't get enough! We usually just get the shrimp and sometimes the crab too. However, this last time we tried the clams and muscles. The clams were good the muscles not so great, every one of the I would have sand. My husband always gets the extra hot and juicy sauce on the side, he's kinda crazy, but at this point he doesn't think its very hot anymore, it looks like MAGMA. I AM IN LOVE with the lemon pepper sauce.
What can I say, but finger licking good!

The hubby had been here before on a seperate trip and always raved about this place and how "once you eat here you can never eat at boiling crab or any other place again".

Now I believe him!

The menu and format is the same, but their sauce is 100% times better. The spicy one is just the perfect level of savory, spicy all together in a bag of yummy goodness.

We wanted clams but they sold out to our dismay, so we got some mussells, shrimp, crayfish, corn, and etoufee. Crayfish didnt have much meat and was a bit small, but its good to suck the heads! 

Everything was delicious and came out pipping hot. Service was friendly.

I WISH we had one of these in the bay area.

A must for foodies while in Vegas.
So I had my birthday dinner here with my friends and I have to say it was a freaking experience that was amazing. I cannot wait to go back. I was a little disappointed that the spiciest sauce was not as spicy as I wanted, Next time I go I'll have to see if  they can kick it up a notch. Also its good to have rice on the side to suck up all the tasty juices.
11/1/12 - 6:30pm - I will admit, I am not a huge fan of Louisiana style seafood. However a large group of us were going out for dinner and this is the place they selected. I am pretty opened minded with food and wanted to give it a good shot. 

The place is busy, I definitely recommend planing to arrive with the possibility you will have to wait a minute for a table. My girlfriend and I had a lb of Shrimp mild with the hotnspicy special seasoning and a lb of blue crap with garlic butter. We also ordered the cajun fries and corn fritters. 

The shrimp showed up in a bag marinating in the sauce, the crab came shortly after in its own bag with the fries and fritters in tow. It was messy to eat and absolutely delicious!! I would definitely recommend the pace to anyone who wants to go enjoy some delicious seafood with incredible flavor. We had a great time and thoroughly enjoyed the food!!
the food here was great! The crawfish tasted fresh and they let u control how spicy you want it.  I always chose the most spicy lol.  The people here are always nice to me.  I wish the girl at the front desk would smile more, it would make me feel more invited.  All in all , a good experience and i would come here everytime i have a crawfish craving.
I had heard so much about this place, I finally met up with some friends for lunch to try it out!
Do not come here if you are afraid of getting a little messy! I ordered a pound of crab legs and, after a little hesitation, dug right in! I have never had crab that you had to actually crack open the shell, it was very different! I absolutely loved it. My friends ordered the fried shrimp basket, rolls, corn, and crawfish. We left the restaurant with full stomachs and smiles. :-) I would reccommend this place to anyone who likes seafood!
This is their second location just a block from the over-busy original. Wow! This is a must when in Vegas! The crawfish, shrimp, mussles, and crab were all amazing! All were served bathed in cajun spice on a plastic clad table. FUN and YUMMY!!! Please open one in Scottsdale!!!
Amazing!
Crawfish are best when in season and FRESH.. I went here in the off season, when the crawfish are frozen, and they were STILL delicious. Also tried the shrimp, the cajun fries (a bit too spicy for us) and the corn fritters (OMG!!).  Everything is messy, juicy, and so satisfying..

During the summer its recommended to call ahead for seating or just expect a wait. Our waitress told us this place is usually PACKED. 

We will continue to come here when we visit Vegas.. The perfect lunch spot after an foot massage in Chinatown :)
Seafood lover paradise....prepare to be messy but it's all good
Ok, when my friends told me we were going to hot and juicy AND we were in Vegas, I couldn't help but think they wanted to go to a strip joint that served food!!!

Who would have known they had boiling seafood in Vegas?! With a pretty big Chinatown too.

Service was pretty awesome. We get gloves, ultd supply of towels, people who check up on us all the time, and the waitresses would stay and chitchat with us. Awesome. It seemed like genuine interaction too, which was appreciated.
I love seafood and this place definitely has fresh seasonal seafood from blue crab, crawfish, clams, lobster, oyster, and shrimp. Since this place is usually packed, it's recommended that you call ahead for reservations. 

The staff and service is very helpful in recommendations and attentiveness. They will refill your glasses of water when they get a chance, get more napkins whenever they come to your table with more orders, and make sure you order enough before the kitchen is closed. 

The set up is simple: order seafood by the pound. You can choose the seasoning for your seafood (like Louisiana Style, Juicy Cajun, Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper, Hot N Juicy Special) as well as the spice level. Then, the food is served in clear plastic bags and all you need to do is rip it open and dig in. You can make a mess on the table and not worry about the clean up. It's messy, it's fun, and it's delicious. 

Besides seafood, you could order sides like their Cajun fries or rolls to soak up the flavorful broth or sauce that is used to cook the seafood. 

Fast, fun, and filling, Hot N Juicy Crawfish is the best place for people who want a feast of fresh seafood without the worry of cooking or cleaning up.
The name says it all! It sure was hot and juicy!!!
We had an order of:
Fried Shrimps (battered was ok)
Calamari (average)
Louisiana style crawfish (dang that was hot for medium)
Hot and Juicy shrimps (BOMB)
Hot and Juicy Crawfish (flavors exploded in my mouth)
Some sort of deep fried popcorn CORN (YUM)

Their crawfishies did not disappoint.
Came on Monday at 12:00. 
Ordered a pound of shrimp in hot n spicy sauce and 2 lbs of snow crab legs in the same sauce.And the sweetest, yummiest corn ever.
So tasty and delicious. We were full all day and yes, you will stink of garlic for the next couple days, but it is totally worth it. The place was full with 2 waiters but they accomidated to all of our needs quickly and brought out the food fast. It was totally yummy. There are 2 locations on the same street, so if one is too busy, try the other one. Totally worth it.
Shrimp was great.. Crawfish were small.. Overall food was good.. Try the medium spice.. It is hot..
One pound of shrimp. Hot n' Juicy sauce. Medium. And a side of corn. That's all you need to leave here stuffed out of your mind. The scent of their cajun sauce will creep up on you for the next 24 hours and will stay on your fingers for a few days no matter how much you scrub it off. Quite frankly, though, why would you want to get rid of it? 

I've never been to Boiling Crab so I have nothing to compare to, but the Hot n' Juicy sauce is out of this world. Garlicy, sweet, spicy, savory, and any other cajun-related flavor sensation imaginable is packed into it. Shrimp is the way to go to get the most value. Why would anyone want to pay for a pound of crawfish and end up eating only 1/4 of it? 

Service is so-so. Since this location is smaller than its counterpart down the road, it can get pretty packed. Make a reservation ahead of time or prepare to wait at least 45 min for a large group like we did. Although the waitresses seem to be doing the best they can, they screwed up one of our orders and made it seem like they were doing us a favor by fixing it later. Not the greatest way to handle a situation...

I'm with Adam Richman 100% of the way when he said "I could sit here eating some of the best crustaceans in the country all day."
I love me some Hot n' Juicy.

It's hard for me to say this is better than Boiling Crab, but I definitely think HnJ beats BC by a tad bit.  Their cajun sauce has a better kick and is a little more garlicky and spicy, which I like.  Get shrimp with the whole Hot n' Juicy cajun sauce and adjust according to your spice level.  Then prepare for a great meal.

They give you bibs and plastic gloves so as to not dirty yourself while you shamelessly devour into succulent shrimp and eat like you haven't eaten in days.

Wait time can be a bit long depending on how many people are in your party, but it's worth the wait and oh-so-delicious.

Come.  That is all.
My friend took us to this place off the strip.  He was really craving some Cajun-style seafood and he definitely knew of this place.  It's one of his favorites.  As for me, it's just A-OK.

They have really great service here.  Even though we were here with only half the party, they sat the first half and let us order first.  It took over 30 minutes for the other half of our party to arrive.  That was really accommodating.

I had some of the shrimp and corn with the hot'n'juicy seasonings.  It was good and what I expected out of this place.  Decently fresh seafood with some spices.

The things I don't like about these places are that they aren't environmentally friendly at all.  You're doing this picnic style with plastic bags, styrofoam cups, plastic utensils.  They even dole out rolls of paper towels.  I can't get behind that kind of restaurant or paying through the nose to de-shell my own seafood.

Still, the food is above decent and I always love me some good seafood.
When I first landed in Vegas, my cousin couldn't stop talking about this place. We are both from Chicago, so unfortunately, they do not have a location by us. He have tried this place tons of times before and since he hyped this place up so much, I had to try it myself.

The first day, we tried 2lbs of crawfish, crab legs, and shrimp. We also got the cajun fries, which is a good compliment to all those seafood. We got everything with the hot and juicy mild sauce because this was what my cousin recommended. Everything was so good, but I didn't really like the crawfish. They are small and requires more time to eat than the shrimp and crab legs. You also get very little out of the crawfish. I would not recommend this. The shrimp and crab legs are really good and the sauce was perfect!

The second time we came back here was a few days later. We came back with a bigger group and ordered a storm again. This time we only ordered shrimp, crab legs, and cajun fries again. Everything was once again perfect and I wanted to come back here again before we left back to Chicago. Sadly, this was my last time here and till this day, I would come here as my 1st stop after landing in Vegas. I also must say that after all this food, my gf and uncle threw up afterwards. Everyone else was fine though.

I also heard that this location is better than the other location, but I have never tried the other one yet. Also, for all you outsiders, prepare to get your hands dirty and do not wear a white shirt. It is messy and you eat with gloves and a bib.
this place is GREAT! 

If you're looking for a stylish and fancy place, this is not for you. There is no glamour in pealing and cracking crabs, or looking like you're about to perform surgery (due to gloves and bibs). However, everything tastes amazing and because intensive product rotation, I do believe everything is very fresh. 

Crawfish is overrated, thou. It is hard to crack and you get a small amount of meat.  I always order shrimp and king crab, both with Hot N juicy sauce (extra spicy!). Do not miss sides of corn and potatoes. 

This place is fun and delicious. Best of its kind.
This is a late review, but I thought I'd do one anyways.

Went here during this past summer (2012) and my boyfriend and I loved it, well I'd say he loved it more than me. We were on vacation in Vegas for a week and we ended up coming here for dinner twice (on our first night there as well as our third).  The wait can be a little long, but totally worth the wait. Living in Hawai'i we have a huge assortment of seafood, but it's pricey. When we saw how much it cost for a pound of king crab legs, we were kind of surprised because it's cheaper, and I'd say, reasonable. 

If you're not into getting your fingernails dirty, then this might not be the place for you, although they do provide you with gloves and a whole roll of paper towels to clean yourself up. Aside from that, I'd give this place 5 stars because I had an awesome experience, both times.
No star if I could. The stench of this place you won t be able to get rid of for days... The food isn't good. If it wasn't for the very hot sauce that masks any flavor you d be able to notice that there is no taste. The shrimps were big but no taste, crawfish, and blue crab were no better. Do your self a favor and pass!
My favorite seafood restaurant! The hot and juicy sauce is addicting!!!!
Always a highlight of my Vegas trips.  I stopped going to seafood buffets once I found this place.  Their sauce is hands down better than the Boiling Crab and they serve the biggest king crab legs I've come across.
I love the seasoning! Best in town compared to cravin crawfish and boiling crab. Love the food but dislike the service and management. They just seem everywhere and disorganized and not very attentive. If only the service was like boiling crab! That place is good too, but can't beat hnj seasoning!
I first went to HNJ on a Saturday afternoon.  Although it was crowded, we got right in with no wait.  We each had a pound of crawfish with the special, which is the mix of the various flavors.  We also got it on the "medium hot" side.  I like stuff hot, but I have heard they can really put the heat on, so I was a little concerned about ordering it straight up hot.  We also got some fried shrimp with french fries to share.

The crawfish is delicious, but you have to WORK to get them.  They have so little meat, I would recommend shelling quite a few before eating.  In subsequent trips, my wife has had the shrimp, which are of course much larger.  They have a much better pay off, but don't have the delicious heads to suck out like the crawfish do.

I was surprised by how good the fried shrimp was.  It's probably the best I have had in the valley.  The coating was crunchy, but not overly thick or greasy.  And, they are large.  This was surprising and certainly welcome.  

All in all, HNJ lives up to its considerable hype after being featured on so many TV shows.  Give it a shot.
Great little place.  Worth the trek off the strip.  Remember to get some extra potatoes, corn and sausage as they don't come with the crawfish.
"You should write, 'Valerie cracked my lobster!'" 
-- Valerie, Hot N Juicy Crawfish Staff Member

Done and done.

I brought a friend who was in town for CES here for dinner on 1/9/2013. We had one lobster and a pound of shrimp accompanied by rice, sausages, corn, and rolls. We made quick work of the shrimp but had trouble opening the lobster, which was where Valerie came in. She happily broke the lobster, displaying a steady hand laced with aggression.

The service at Hot N Juicy Crawfish was excellent. I like it when any server can help you out. One server took our order, another one brought out glasses of water, another one cracked our lobster, and another one brought out our beers. They're very accommodating and understanding of the messy premise of eating crustaceans swimming in bags of spicy sauce. I saw one server rolling up the sleeves of a customer at a neighboring table.

Excellent food and excellent service make Hot N Juicy a prime destination to satisfy your seafood cravings.
After CES was over for the day I wanted to stop by Hot & Juicy because I'd seen it on TV. This place is very worth going to. I had the 1 pound craw fish on their spiciest levels with a side of fries. Man that was so good and filling which I under estimated.
Now the atmosphere & staff there are very energetic, exciting, and friendly. And last my server Valerie. This is the first server, probably ever that I can remember her name a week later, why, because she did anything and everything to make sure I felt like a special customer, no, like a guest. I, like everyone else, has had great servers but Valerie tops them all. I don't know if I came on the greatest day of her life or it's the music playing that gives the good vibes but it's servers like Valerie with their awesome food that get me coming back when I'm back in Vegas. I can go on and on about how great this place is as well as the people working in there. So if your a seafood fan you have to stop here.
                      
David from Anaheim, CA
Love this place!  The wait staff is always friendly.
The shrimp is incredible, I can't wait to go back. It is very messy but equally as Delicious!! Make sure to wear the gloves that you will need them
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Everything is perfect. Food is awesome, staff and service is great. I prefer HnJ over BC. Only down part about it is the parking! A +++ for Hot N Juicy!
I have to say, this is the first place Adam Richman got right. The quality, the value and the atmosphere are well worth the trip off the strip. We had 2 lbs of crawfish, 1/2 lb of shrimp, 1 lb mussels, 1 dozen oysters, Cajun fries, drinks and it was $90 including tip. We will definitely be back.
my favorite are the snow crab legs. i like it with lemon pepper sauce. their shrimp is big and their garlic butter sauce is delicious! i even like to get rice on the side to put sauce on it and eat the rice like that if i'm feeling really hungry. i'm not a fan of the hot n juicy special sauce though, i think it's a mixture of all the sauces put together and it just doesn't taste good. crawfish is good when in season long enough to grow big. when they're not in season they suck because it's frozen so it's mushy and doesn't taste as good.

extra spicy is reallly spicy! to where its painful, so avoid unless you love very spicy food! i get spicy or medium.
If you head out to Vegas and start craving hot and juicy crawfish this place won't disappoint.  Chances are if you've been to Boiling Crab then you will be familiar with the set up, menu, and experience.  I like the sauce here better then BC and the food here is amazingly fresh!  Highly recommended!
Visit this place each and every time were in Vegas. Drooling just thinking bout it!
I would agree that this place is a little better than boiling crab, in flavor and in service. Would definitely come back here when I am visiting Las Vegas again.
Good eating. 4lbs crawfish in the hot and juicy sauce. Mild spice. Wish i had ordered a notch up. Came with corn and potato. Also ordered 2lb shrimps. Delicious all around. Extremely messy. It was nice to try something different then all the buffets i ate the previous few days. Price was came out to about $60 or so. Will be back when i visit once again.
I don't want to lower my rating here, but something must be addressed:

Prices. 

This is an eatery with fluctuating prices based on market sales, so what a pound of shrimp costs today might not be what it costs tomorrow. And their entire menu lists "Market Price" where you'd normally find actual numbers. 

So, where do they display this crucial information?

On the back of my waitress' order book. 

They used to have a BIG SIGN advertising the day's prices. You know what's there now? A couple fucking TVs. How ingenious! Why let your customers know your prices when they could instead zone out on some fucking game and ignore the people they're dining with, all while annoying a waitress by making her hold up her "price guide" while I decide if I want king crab or clams. 

Best part: there isn't even a fucking bar in front of the fucking TVs. Not that this place even needs one, but the lack of seating around these TVs proves their lack of worth even more so. 

If you own this place/are a manager: lose the fucking boob tubes and try to look like a real eatery, not another jerk-off spot with 26 TVs. I go out to eat (novel concept, eh?), not space out on crap. Get with it, guys.
Absolutely love both locations (which are like two blocks away from each other. I always get at least one pound of the fresh crawfish and a little of this and a little of that depending on who I'm with.

My last trip I did find a piece of metal (scrubbing sponge thingy) in my fried calamari. They took it off the check for me no problem.

Put a bib on because it gets a little messy with all the juicy deliciousness in the bag. Beware, you will smell like the things you order (plus garlic) for more than a little bit, but it's so tasty that it's all good with me!!!
The hubby and I had a Monday off together and chose to visit this place among a list of others.  We arrived around 12:15 shortly after they opened and got a seat right away.  We both ordered the shrimp.  Mine medium and juicy cajun.  His Spicy and Louisiana style.  We loved them both!  The juicy Cajun was a lot better and more favorable.  Each bag of 1lb shrimp was $10 and included about 15-20 giant shrimp.  We added a few potatoes and corn and it was all worth it.  This place is what they say they are.  They serve hot and juicy seafood.  Enough said.  You will get messy eating here, so don't wear your Sunday best!  You can't find anything like this on the strip.  Hands down worth every penny and a great food experience.  We will be back soon!
I'm a Californian and this place is equivalent to Boiling Crab. Highly recommend!
I never thought I'd find a better cajun seafood place than Boiling Crab until I came here. Sorry BC but Hot N Juicy just has their sauce spot on. Something about that Hot N Juicy Special sauce, it has a similar taste to the "whole shebang" but it has a creamy/butter factor that knocks it out of the park. 

Got a pound of shrimp and a pound of crawfish with a side of cajun fries. It was awesome!
What can I say? I love Hot N Juciy! This restaurant is by far one of my favorite places to eat at. I am going to start off by saying all of their food choices are amazing, however, their shrimp is the best. I always get a pound of the Hot and Juicy special and not once have I been disappointed. Their sauces are fantastic, the garlic gives it a nice kick. The fact that you can actually interact with your food makes it an even better experience. The prices are great for the quality of food you get, so no complaints there. I must also say that their service is spectacular. All of their servers are very upbeat and always checked on their customers. I go there so much that they now recognize me. They are so much fun, I can safely say that this is one of the better places off-the-strip in terms of service. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a high-quality cajun seafood place, just make sure to bring gum for that garlicky smell.
There are not too many places where I feel a bib is necessary to eat, I mean I'm an adult and can handle putting food in my mouth without spilling it all over myself.  Hot N Juicy is the rare exception to this rule.  Breaking into crawfish and sucking the juice from their heads is messier than one would expect.  

I can vouch for the crawfish, crab legs and lobster.  I'm also a huge fan of the Hot N Juicy Special seasoning.  I have kind of a "When in Rome" approach to food ... if something is a specialty or a namesake, more often than not it's damn good.  When I lived in Vegas, I would frequent this place often and bring visitors from out of town here.  Never a dissatisfied experience or visitor.

A few thing to keep in mind though ... expect to wear a bib and smell like Hot N Juicy for the rest of the day ... maybe into the next day.  This place is also crowded, expect to wait ... It's well worth the wait though.  Hot N Juicy is an experience, be ready to get your hands dirty.
Had dinner here yesterday it was crazy busy and we had to wait about 45 minutes.  It turned out to be totally worth the wait!  We had a party of 4 and we tried most of boiled options (except for lobster since they were out).  Our waitress Valerie was incredibly helpful all of her recommendations were spot on.  We had crawfish with garlic butter, shrimp with lemon pepper,  mussels with garlic butter, clams with lemon pepper, dungenous crab with garlic butter, snow crab with hot and juicy spice, oysters, corn and corn fritters.  Our favorites were the shrimp (we had it twice) and the snow crab.  We will be back for sure.
I've always been a fan of Hot N Juicy even though I'm allergic to shellfish (nothing Benadryl can't fix).  It's laid-back, service is great and the food is simple but fantastic.  It's always busy...packed with locals and tourists.  We go here a lot especially around lent.  If this location gets to crazy-busy, there's another one a few blocks away.

They have oysters, mussels, crab legs, lobster, blue crab, clams, shrimps, and of course, crawfish.  With the exception of the lobster, you order shellfish by the pound.  You can pick the seasoning you want: cajun, Louisiana style, garlic butter, lemon pepper and hot n juicy.  Pick your spice level: less than mild, mild, medium, spicy extra spicy.  Pick your sides and appetizers.  You get a bib and you could ask for a pair of gloves because it'll get messy...you don't want to ruin your manicure, do you?  I do away with gloves since I like to lick the juices off my fingers when I eat here. 

I'm not a big fan of crawfish because you it's too much work and you get a teeny tiny bit of crawfish meat.  I always get less than mild garlic butter...either crab legs or lobster.  Hey, if I'm going to have an anaphylactic reaction, I might as well make it count.  

Don't take your date here unless you've been together forever.  Or maybe you can test-drive your date to see if he/she's down to get dirty.  The garlic smell lingers...on your breath and hands no matter how many times you brush your teeth, gargle and wash your hands.  After a day, you should be good to go.
When this first opened it pretty much didn't have much competition, that is no longer true. We have eaten there numerous times and the food is good. We love the crab, so sweet and meaty, even the snow crab. The sausage is perfect, crisp skin and just the right amount of spice. The etouffee is yummy, it actually tastes like the one I had in New Orleans. The fries are good, not really spicy though.  We never had the lobster there, just figured crab was their thing.  My only issue is the explanation of the spice level is sort of off. I can eat very spicy food, but for some reason, maybe due to the messiness, I get cuts all over my mouth from the peppers. On my second visit, I even downgraded the spice level, but yet again the same occurrence. I tend to now stay close to mild. Maybe I have sensitive skin, I don't know. Never the less, it's always a very good meal. But we have had better now. Don't get me wrong it's awesome food. Service is hit or miss. They are just so busy. But even really busy I have had an awesome male server.

These are my negatives 1.) What is up with the tiny, tiny plastic ramekin for all those fries?? Seriously? Every time I go I have to ask for ketchup like 6 times and every single time (with exception of that awesome guy server we had) they bring 1 tiny, tiny ramekin. I don't consider myself the queen of common sense but I feel like I am dealing with servers that might not have the sense of urgency and common sense gene! If you are busy, wouldn't you just say  "F it, let me bring her the freaking bottle, because I don't have time for crazy ketchup lady!! " ?

But no, again comes that plastic ramekin of 1 tablespoon of ketchup. Oh, OK I have calmed down, please excuse my rant. I guess I didn't realize how upset I was about the ketchup, I will get over it and move on. ( I don't mean to offend any of those servers they do work hard and service really isn't bad) Plus, I haven't been there in a few months, so maybe things have changed.

Negative #2) The seating is a little congested for my liking. Tables are way to close together. I do understand it's a small place, so it's to be expected. But for me, when I want to relax and enjoy a meal this venue isn't appetizing to me.

3.) 2 restrooms, again it's limited spacing so I understand. But it doesn't mean I like it. And no bar to wait until your table is ready. Maybe I am spoiled. I don't like sitting, if you are lucky to get a seat ,Like I am waiting for a bus outside.

Well, in conclusion, is it good food.? Yes it's great! I chose to come here when the negatives are not going to bother me. When I am hungry and want to grub and I don't care who sees or what I see!
The food at Hot & Juicy is always good but when your service is great it makes it all that much better.  Thank you Judi for taking such good care of us on February 21, 2013.  Great food, great service!  Thank you - Terri, Frank, Sheryl & David.
Omgggg so! I kept hearing about these places,them n bc. In Vegas I stopped by, paid $11 a lb for hot n juicy special. 2lb minimum n it came w corn n potatoe. In total $26 bc I added sausage which was worth it. $26 was super steep bc of the name I suppose. In Texas it's the same quality just not as expensive. The food was HOT N JUICY. for ppl who like spicy,get spicy not mild. I came home from Vegas later that night n my bf made me bathe bc I smelled like it lol. It's true it stays on you but yummy. At least go once. At first I was pissed bc some of the fishtails were small.
I recently moved to Vegas from Denver, CO and we don't have restaurant options like this there so I was of course excited to check it out (I've also seen the place on Man vs. Food).  I must say I was far from disappointed.  The service was great and they were on top of things.  I tend to consume a lot of liquids when i eat so it's nice to have prompt service and refills without having to ask.  Our waitress was super nice and knowledgeable about the menu and its options.  I love the variety of food and flavors.  We had the crawfish (hot n juicy style) and clams (garlic butter).  The flavors were amazing! But do be aware I was burping and tasting garlic for several hours later.  My only negative comment on the place would be their heat scale.  I got the clams less than mild and they were more like hot.  They did inform us that the heat scale was hotter than average and at times I do love something scorching.  But this time I was looking more for abundance of flavor instead of just hot.  Made it more difficult to discern flavors.  other than that we had a great experience and will come back again.
The sauce is delicious!!! We went there twice twice in two days during our recent visit.  Highly recommend his place to those interested in some good eating.
Went here on a Thursday night. I was craving fried catfish. The place was packed, so I figured that's usually a good sign of good food. I can't say I was completely wrong, but I wasn't satisfied. See, down in the Bayou, we don't "bread" our catfish. It's more like a cornmeal batter.. This place's catfish was heavily breaded and wasn't what I expected after hearing so many good things about Hot N Juicy. Not enough flavor, but at least the Sapporo was good! I'm sure that the specialty here is the crawfish (which I'll have another time), but that's a different review. Service was great and the girls working were full of spunk, polite and respectful.
Talk about a feast! Come hungry, leave stuffed! There was a 20 minute wait (friday night, not bad) and there was a line of about 25 + people outside waiting to be seated. I ordered the Blue Crab, garlic-butter-was pleasantly surprised. Spice levels are about 10 notches higher than whatever you order so BEWARE. Prices are reasonable, food was good.
OH VEGAS!

Hot & Juicy Crawfish is by far the BEST Crawfish joint I've ever been to. I live in San Jose, and there is no place that compares to this.

Crawfish, muscles, crab, and shrimp all blasted with flavor. This is a place I always have to stop by every time I'm in Vegas. Fast, Fantastic service, and a friendly staff. 

BOMB.COM

Everyone must try this place, this place will not disappoint you.
Oh my gosh. After today's visit, I finally understand the hype around HNJ! This place is GOOD. The only thing that sucks is the wait! So it's a good thing it's worth it!

We had a few people visiting from Texas, so my best friend Randy and I had to be strategic about getting a party of 10 people in this small space. Since they don't take reservations, I planned to put our name down early and wait before everyone else got there. The wait was at least 30 minutes when we got there. By the time everyone showed up, it had been 40 minutes, however, the hostess came out to inform us that they were preparing our table! Wonderful timing and within another five minutes, we had a table in the middle of the restaurant.

The food was delicious and with a large group, the experience was so much fun! I don't normally like getting dirty or using my hands, but with the bibbs, plastic gloves, cracker, sheller, and paper towels, it made dinner very enjoyable. I ordered a pound of the KING CRAB LEGS (market price today was $25.99/lb) with the Hot N Juicy Special (all the seasonings combined) in Medium. Oh, it was so tasty and those legs were huge! It was challenging with thin plastic gloves and legs with gigantic spikes, so I utilized three pairs of gloves and several paper towels. I think there needs to be gardening gloves and/or real towels for those heavy duty crab legs! It can be pretty dangerous. Ruben and I also ordered the calamari and Cajun fries. All delicious! But that Hot N Juicy Special seasoning/sauce, WOW.

Wonderful, wonderful place. The service was just okay, but I know they're busy and honestly, you're so consumed with wrestling crab legs that you forget your server hasn't checked on you. As long as they remember to keep the beverages filled, there's nothing lacking. Can't wait to go back!
I think the food was good and the service was better than good. I think my review comes down to how messy the food is and much you have to work to get to it. I will prob try this place again but I am not sure if it is really that special. If you love seafood and working to eat it than this might just be your place. If you are not a big seafood fan than I think you might think about this place the same as I did. 

I had crawfish, shrimp and crab. I enjoyed two out of the three, though there was a lot of work getting the crawfish and the crab as to be expexted I guess. I enjoyed the shrimp most which I ordered medium with sausage, corn and potatoes. If I come back here again this is what I will be ordering. 

Overall for me just an ok place to eat. Prob a little over hyped.
Great shellfish selection.  It is important that you understanding your preference for spicy level and how that translates to their heat scale is critical. A mix of all the flavors and spicy is not a good look. The flavor becomes confusing essentially cancelling each other out. I enjoy spicy food but the individual flavors (Cajun, garlic, etc...) medium spicy is best here. None spicy is best for older folks and children. The spiciness affected my digestion.

Bring plastic gloves because the sauces are wet can linger on your finger.
BAGS AND BAGS OF CRUSTACEANS YES PLEASE!!! 

We drove by this place and I'm like, "Hey!  I think I read about this place on Yelp!".  We waited for about 10 minutes on a Saturday night and then got a booth.  

Our waitress was super helpful guiding us through the different flavors and the types of seafood.  We eventually settled on 2 pounds of crawfish and 0.5 pound of shrimp.  i think next time, 1 pound of shrimp, 1 pound crawfish and 1 pound of crab/lobster.  Crawfish heads had tons of flavor BUT paying per pound is working against you with crawfish because it's all shell....at least shrimps have thin shells!  

Order with beer, order some bread to dip into the sauce.  Wear clothes that you don't like because you WILL STINK like garlic for days to come.  I saw one table with plastic gloves on which may be a good idea....but then I think you lose a bit of the experience if you use gloves.  

Do GO!  This is a MUST DO OFF STRIP experience!!!!
we had to wait about 20 minutes for our seat but it was worth it. the service was super nice. the choices were great! we ordered 4 pounds of crawfish, 2 pounds of shrimp, 1 pound of blue crab, extra corn and sides of rice. OMG. i love it when my mouth is on fire and this was a great experience. they offered gloves if you didn't want to get your hands super spicy and they offered bibs! refills were frequent and the staff were attentive. i really enjoyed everything!!!
I give it 4 stars because I still like Boiling Crab (whole shebang) after trying HNJ out. Service was subpar. Waitress kept forgetting to bring us what we asked for so we told her not to bring it after we were done with our order.
It tasted great. The service was great. 

....but a terrible thing happened.

I ordered the king crab and clams. While I was eating a clam; I piece of a prawn's exoskeleton creeped into my mouth. 

I cannot handle tentacles and the sauce was loaded with prawn parts!

I realize that this is a place that your "food touches" but pawns are just the things of nightmares and it kinda spoiled the crab. (and for $26 a pound.... it shouldn't be spoiled with drifting pieces-parts of other animals.)
Really good stuff, everything tasted fresh, spicy as their name and menu suggests and you get reasonable portions for the amount you pay. I had 1lb of crawfish, 1lb of shrimp, and 1lb of clams, and in retrospect I would say 2.5 lbs instead of the 3lbs I had would have been a better choice as I was extremely full after this. If you like crawfish then go ahead and order it here, if you never had it or are on the fence I would refrain because a) its much harder to eat than the other items b) they can be somewhat small so you spend a lot of time for little meat.

I am docking a star because of the garlic overpower at times, and surprisingly it lasts for about 10 hours after you eat and you will have it in your breath and constantly taste it even after brushing your teeth. Wake up in the morning and you might be burping garlic flavors. They have a few different flavors so not everything has to be spicy and hot but it all mixes so it tastes pretty much the same.
Came here the other night and order my usual 1 lb of lemon pepper shrimp and with it came limes. WHAT?! Limes?!?! So I give it a try, I figure well if they are serving them with it, it has to be amazing.....It was!! Next time I think I will try the hot n juicy sauce with the limes.
I've heard a lot about this place, so I was really excited to finally try it.  I was told in advance to get shrimp instead of the craw-fish so you don't have to do as much removing of shells.

The waits are long here and parking is very scarce up front, so be prepared to park on the side street.  The menu is very simple and the waitress is more than willing to explain how everything works.

We ordered a basket of the hot fries for the table and they lived up to their name.  As tasty as they were it's a good thing to split with a group because I imagine they wear on you in the long-run.

I decided on the Hot N Juicy special sauce shrimp.  They bring it out in a hot plastic bag and from there you go to town.  After an intro lesson from someone in our party, I was peeling shrimp faster and faster as the night went on.  It definitely is a lot of work peeling especially when the food is still a little hot, but on the plus side it slows your pace of eating so you don't eat too much!

After all was said and done the food was OK, It's been 3 days and I still have a hint of garlic smell on my hands and the next day when I went for a run my sweat smelled like the sauce!  For all the effort you put in I wish the food was better, but the experience is something to live.

Tip:  Make sure to not wear any fancy clothing and possibly ask for gloves so your hands don't stink for days.
my rating is low bec. I compared "Hot N Juicy" with "Boiling Crab"

#1 the waitresses in boiling crab is hands down way cuter and friendlier. there was a server that we asked "how long is the wait, we have been waiting 15min already", he replied "well good for you" then left. I was ready to punch that idiot there and then....

i calmed down and we were seated in a booth

#2 the booth made my back hurt. It was sinking too much in the butt area and was not giving way in the legs area. if you were there to lounge and have some drinks, this would have been nice but you need to eat on the table and it was a task to lean forward for us to eat.

we ordered 2 lbs. of crawfish with the special sauce in mild level(mild level was for my  Girlfriend)....

#3 their mild level sauce is like a hot level sauce. I am not a big fan of spicy hot stuff but i could take some heat. I like wasabe, kimchi, the rooster sauce, tabasco i even eat a pickled jalopeno on its own with out trouble. but the mild sauce that this place offers made the surrounding of our lips look like it had wind burn. either the waitress or food server made a mistake or their mild level is way too hot to be mild.

so bottom line: WILL I GO BACK.....NO!, "Boiling Crab" is just a few minutes away
Be prepared to get down and dirty here!!!!!

This place was so yummy!! Maybe even TOO yummy.  Definitely ate more than my little tummy could handle. 

Had the shrimp with potatoes and corn.  So tasty.  Our waitress was nice, our service was great. I enjoy these kinds of places.  And I am glad that there is one near where I live.
Yum!!!! This place is awesome! I do prefer boiling crab, but this place is still tasty! Be warned: Their medium level of spice is very, very hot!!!!!!!
I loved this place. I ate there 2 weeks ago and am still craving it. I would definitely recommend this place. Make sure to get the cajun fries with your order!
Super spicy!! I love it. They really mean it when they say its spicy woo! Great friendly and fast service too :))
This review is for the location closest to hwy 15. 

The reason for 3 stars, their 'mild' was still very spicy that I could not enjoy the food as much as I wanted to.  And the crab (whole dungeness crab) that my friend ordered was not packed with meat.  It was if the middle cavity, which is the best part of the crab, had all the meat taken out.  Weird. 

Otherwise, the shirmps were jumbo and sweet.  The service was spot on.  Our server Javier was very attentive given a busy Friday night. 

Gloves were given to each table in case you didn't want to get your hands covered in sauce.  Crab crackers were also given at every table who ordered crab.  Free soda refills table side was given at the drop of the hat.
Did somebody say CRAWFISH? omg, where?!?! I looooove crawfish. Heck, I absolutely love seafood, period! When my boyfriend and I were in Vegas, we decided to check out Hot N Juicy Crawfish. I know there's one in Fountain Valley but we wanted to check out the O.G. Hot N Juicy restaurant. Wasn't this place featured on one of the food network shows or something? Anyway, the servers were nice and informative. The reason why I say informative is because one of the servers thoroughly explained to us the concept of eating crawfish. When she was explaining, I was laughing in my head because shoot, I am a pro/master at eating this stuff! Not to brag but I worked at a crawfish restaurant before so yeaaa I think I am pretty familiar with this stuff haha! Nonetheless, it was still fun listening to her show us how to eat crawfish. Anyway, on to judging the food itself... The seasoning was very good! I thought it would be whatevers and nothing can compare to Boiling Crab's seasoning but the seasoning here comes close to Boiling Crab. If I'm ever in Vegas, I will stop by Hot N Juicy again. I wonder if the seasoning at the Hot N Juicy Crawfish in Fountain Valley taste similar to the one in Vegas...
This place is simply awesome. Their special Hot n Juicy sauce is better than crack and pairs wonderfully with Shrimp, Crawfish, Clams...damn, the entire menu...It's pretty spicy but feels so good in your mouth...And best of all, its very affordable..For two people, we had  2.5lbs of crawfish, shrimp and clams chased down with 4 beers and the bill was only $47! I love this place! Better than anything you can get in New Orleans!
My favorite crawfish spot so far!!! I really like how they cook the crawfish. It was flavorful without being over-sauced. Just enough garlic so it did not over power the cajun flavor. Most of other crawfish places are salty, too much butter, and drowned in powder. This place is different. When I saw the bag of crawfish, I only saw crawfish, not a bag of red sauce. Fries were crisp and spiced! Service was great. Love it!
Yummy- huge shrimp for about $10 a pound. Huge crawfish for same price. My hubby and I ordered 2 pounds of crawfish and 2 pounds of shrimp. Yummy. Also ordered an extra potato and corn which they brought out in a styrofoam cup with the awesome hit n juicy special sauce with loads of garlic. Yummy. I loved it. We ordered medium and mild hit n juicy special seasoning. It is hot but good. And please ask for gloves because not only will your hand smell like garlic for days but if u have small cuts from peeling crawfish in your hands, all that spiciness will burn your hands. I would go back next time we come back.  U have to come by and try it out. Very casual atmosphere and awesome music. Wear casual clothing and tie up your hair.0, because u will get dirty from all that sauce on your hands.
I had visited this place for the very first time and I did not have a good experienced eating here. I had place a mild order for the sauces on a pound of shrimp. I guess they have a different interpretation of mild. I could not taste the shrimp because it was too hot for me. So that was a negative point  for me and I did not went back for a while. 

Our usual place was not open till 3PM we could not wait any longer because we were hungry and we thought to give this place another try. This time I ordered a pound of shrimp with no spice at all zero! It came out good but they missed out one order. I have to ask 3 times!for that...  Have to waved somebody to have a refill etc... I did not want to elaborate more on to the negativity of the service. I rather suggest for the improvement. 

More added help would be nice, so we the customer can get more the attention on our dining experience. Good service good  tip..works both ways. More training on the wait staff on how to take orders. One of these days maybe we will be back and give it another try and update this rating. I hope it will be a better experience with a great review. Who knows third time might be a charm.
Am a big fan of a shrimp boil, but this place brought it to a new level.  We ordered shrimp and crawfish--loved them both. As far as flavoring we like Hot and Juicy which is a mix of all the flavors. Wouldalso  recommend adding the sausage to either for a few dollars extra. Also the sweet potato fries are great.  Went for lunch and got right in, but we were there when they opened.
LOVE. This is a regular spot for my friends and I. We went there this weekend and got the snow crab. It was awesome! A lot of our crab legs were pretty skimpy on the meat tho, but we mentioned it to our server and she gave us an extra half pound. Then because it took so long to get that half pound (they were pretty busy), she changed it to an additional pound PLUS took a pound off of our bill. 
I have noticed that the service is a little inconsistent...sometimes they go above and beyond and sometimes they don't. We have had a problem with getting our drinks refilled and getting our bill split. But it really does depend on the server. Sometimes they'll say that the bill can't be split, other times it's not an issue. One thing is consistent tho - the food is always delicious!!!! I've had the crawfish, mussels, snow crab, and shrimp. Their fries are pretty delicious (I usually order a basket to dip in the sauce). Their étouffée is also fantastic. Can't go wrong here!
Love the food at this place ...Shrimp is just delicious !!!
**Confession: The seafood @ this spot is absolutely amazing!!!!!**

Of course a pescetarian like myself is always in the mood for yummy seafood. A few weeks ago, my sis recommended that me & a friend check this place out for din din. OMG, I fell head over heels in love! 

It's always a good sign when you walk up to a place & there are people lined up outside the door, waiting to be seated. There was also a large number of people who placed to-go orders, so this place was jumping with business! We decided to grab a bottle of wine (Fetzer Riesling) while waiting for our table and all of the staff there were really friendly & funny. I was joking with the guy who gave us the wine before we even had a chance to sit down. LOL

It was Friday night, so like us, most of the folks dining there were already pretty tipsy (as they rightfully should be). Wheee! :-D I remember joking around with a female waitress who was serving a table full of guys about them having another round of drinks! I also interacted with our adorable server before we were seated & decided I wanted to sit in his section. I let the hostess know & she was completely cool with it. All of the fun, goofy interaction with the staff was the 2nd indicator that we were in a good location.

Finally, the food. You select your seasoning, pick a spice level, & select your items. We opted for the Hot N Juicy Special (combo of Louisiana style, cajun, garlic butter, & lemon pepper), Extra Spicy (Hot Hot Hot!!!), & ordered crawfish, shrimp, lobster, & crab (hooray 4 seafood!). The crawfish comes with 1 head of corn on the cob & a red potato, so you can add additional corn & potatoes to your order as needed. All of the food comes marinated in clear plastic bags, so you literally open up the bags and dig in! Everything was seasoned & marinated to perfection! It was hot, spicy, juicy, & delicious as advertised. The service was also impeccable from the moment we stepped into the place! It was one of the server's last night there so we ended up taking silly pics in her memory since she was working instead of enjoying a moving away party. I think I ended up taking pictures with the entire staff by the time the night was done. Silly me! LMAO 

We ordered shrimp, crawfish, corn, & potatoes to go for my sis since she wasn't able to make it down there with us that evening. Those leftovers were still delicious the following day. :-) I was back in Vegas this past weekend (the place was packed again on Sunday night) & ordered takeout for dinner one evening because the food is absolutely fantastic! Looking forward to eating my leftovers tonight & making plans to visit some of the other locations soon.

Be sure to check this place out next time you're in town. You're sure to love it as much as I do! :-D
I had a pound of shrimp in their original sauce...and their soft shell crab with fries. The shrimp they served were pretty big and juicy and garlicky too.  Tasty!!  Great service too.
This place is yummy !! I enjoy seafood a great deal, so this is a great place to get some.  I will say that it can get a lil messy here, so you do not need to be rocking your couture ! lol
I highly anticipated my trip to Hot N Juicy during my visit to Vegas last week.  Not even an hour after we checked into our hotel and set down our bags, we were already on our way to hot n juicy crawfish.  We arrived around 6pm on Saturday.  The wait was only a few minutes.  We ordered 1lb of crawfish and 2lbs of dungeness crab. I love traveling west to get my dungeness fix!  We ordered both in the mild hot n juicy sauce.  Our waitress, Robin, told us the mild level wasn't spicy and only had a little kick.  For my newbie taste buds, it was quite the slap! The crawfish soaked up a lot more flavor and spices.  I'm not complaining, but for anyone REALLY averse to spiciness, you're in for a surprise! The dungeness on the other hand was perfection. I was licking the shell and all - that's how amazing it was. 

In terms of service, the wait staff is nice, but forgetful.  I get it, they're busy! They won't lie to you if they forget to put in an order.  We found it to be a little charming.  I don't mind being vocal about what I want, so it wasn't a real problem for me.  But I can see how some can be frustrated if an order is forgotten.  I still had a great experience!
Of course I had to try out Hot N Juicy Crawfish (the name says it all), where the famous 'Man VS Food' Mr. Adam Richmond  had visited. We were greeted by a young lady at the door and she tells us the wait time is about 45 minutes  to an hour wait. So we decided to just place an order to go (we didn't want to bother with the wait). So we ordered 2 pounds of shrimp and 2 pounds of the crawfish. It took about 30 - 50 minutes for the cooks to finish with our order. So finally we made it home, we opened up the bags and I dig IN with full force!!! Wow, the shrimp and the crawfish was full of exploding spicy flavors. Here's a tip, spoon out some of the sauce and dip your crustacean in the sauce! Its delicious! So don't get afraid of getting your hands messy!
Where do I start with this place? We went last month during a road trip and I still think of this place every few days. The crawfish we have here in the Gulf is a little larger than what we had there simply because it was closer to the beginning of the season, but I haven't found a single place that even begins to compare to the awesome seasoning this place uses. 
It is hot and juicy, as the restaurant name suggests, and damn delicious. 
The servers all bear a striking resemblance to Suicide Girls except without the attitude problem. I wish I remembered our girl's name, as she was super friendly and helpful, and even put on some gloves and demonstrated how to most efficiently peel our crawfish for the newbs at the table.
Ordered the crawfish, shrimp, and sausage (which should definitely be combined!) all in the standard seasoning, which was amazing. We also went through a couple of basket of fries and added on some crab legs at one point, but I don't remember what kind.
As with most restaurants that serve by the pound, this place can get pricey if you're not careful, but it is so tasty you'll pull out your wallet without a second thought.
This place is a must-visit. We're already timing our next visit around a trip back- it'll likely be one of our first stops!
Get ready to get messy and sloppy (in a sober way).

Went here with a friend cause he was drunk and hungry. Yeah, I had to babysit.

Ordered 2 pounds of crawfish (so I can get corn and potato), mild spicy-ness and hot and juicy flavoring. Mmmm-mmmm-mmm! Delish.

Do expect to get your hands dirty. Use a spoon to scoop out some of that deliciousness of juice onto your crawfish (after peeled). But expect the service to be just okay. They forgot to get me my bucket of calamari.

For the price, it's aight. Kinda expensive but hey, it's still good. Why 3 stars? 1. they need to expand and 2. service needs to be good or better.
Wow, when you walk in here you can tell this is a real food joint as you get a strong aroma of seafood and garlic!  

My friend mentioned the better deal is the shrimp as you get more meat than the crawfish!  So we ordered a bag of shrimp with sausage each.  I also ordered some rice to soak up the juice!  

We prepared for the meal by putting on the clothes-protecting bibs that they provide you!  

2 bags came out and we digged in.  Man... the flavour of the sauce with garlic is just amazing!  Let me say however that there is a ton of garlic!  So much garlic that it stayed on my palate the whole night.  However it's totally worth it for the experience.  

To wash it down we had a couple of Blue Moon's!  

So damm tasty!  These places don't come around very often!
The greatest food in Las Vegas! Daniell and Katherine make my day better!
Oh my goodness this was just so savory and delicious!! My favorite crawfish place lol. Great staff, just wish there were more tables! You have to try this place! I had the hot and juicy crawfish (medium) my daughter had the mild, but it tasted the same to me? I'm gonna try the garlic butter next, can't wait!!
This place is an experience.  The shrimp and crawfish (order by the pound) come in these plastic bags that are filled with sauce.  Sometimes your sides will come in the bags as well (sausage, or corn on the cob).  You can experiment with different sauce combos.  You get to wear a bib and gloves so you don't get dirty, but you will somehow manage to get sauce on your pants or something.  It's a pretty novel concept.  Service here is excellent!  They'll teach you how to eat crawfish and are very happy in general
Very disappointed with the crawfish in garlic sauce.  The crawfish themselves were good, but they were served in a plastic bag with probably a quart of sauce.  

It's one thing to have spicy food, but when you have to put your hand into what amounts to a bag of soup to pull out the food, it's just too much.

I think those who chose crab legs and shrimp were happy, but the hot n juicy crawfish was a big disappointment.

Won't do this again and all in all, not what I would call a good experience.
This is why we love Yelp. Helps us find places like Hot n Juicy Crawfish. Do yourself a favor, get off the strip and check this place out. This place is awesome!!! Food is great and a offers different dining experience. Our server Robin was very helpful assisting us to select what we wanted and how we wanted it prepared.
Good stuff and very affordable ..
This place has all the quality to deserve 5- stars rating:

Service- very friendly and fast respond service. Called in for to-go, the server who took order remembered me over the phone and say hi to me. Ordered extra rice on the spot and was ready before I even paid for the check.

Food- 1IB of shrimp, clams, 6 pieces of sausage, 4 pieces of corn, mix sauce and mild spicy. Everything is fresh, juicy and none of that soggy shrimps I had in those Vietnamese crabs places.
Visited here for the first time this weekend.  it was my first time eating crawfish, was definitely a good time.  It is sort of gimmicky, but fun.  I wouldn't do it every week but every once in a while is fun.  Like others have said, be prepared to get down and dirty.  I
shrimp and crab legs in their spicy Hot and Juicy sauce make me go back over and over. And yes, I stink for days, but who cares?!? lol
Finally, I found a place that is comparable to my favorite Boiling Crab (BC). I'm talking about crawfish and the fries since that is all I've tried here. 

With great reviews and how it was on Man vs. Food. It was a must try on my list when I went to Vegas. I got the hot and juicy special crawfish because the waiter said it's similar to BC's "whole shabang." It is indeed 90% similar, and the 10% is that it was overload with garlic. Yup!! I was safe from vampires the whole weekend. Thank you hot n juicy, but no thanks. My garlic scent caused Jeremiah (the dude who sang birthday sex) to not show up at Chateau Paris Night Club that night. It was a sad day.  Ok, I exaggerate a little, but yeah I was a little overwhelmed with how much garlic is in it (and I love garlic). Nonetheless, the crawfish was succulent and fingers licking. The cajun fries were also so good, a tab better than BC's fries. 

The staff was friendly so that is a plus. 

Crawfish was $8.99/lb...expensive! But I guess the price came with fame.

I'd recommend this place if you like BC or/and garlic of course.
2 lbs of crawfish with the mix of all the sauces!!! Amazing!
I went here Friday with a group of friends.
I ordered the Garlic Crab Legs.
Yes the food is absolutely delicious, the service is wonderful, the atmosphere is pretty kool, and there was parking. 
I left with a great feeling!
Now... its MONDAY... my fingers STILL wreak of the most nastiest stench of my life!
I cant get rid of it no matter what I do. 
Use Gloves, they dont give you forks so you gotta eat with your fingers like a damn Mongolian from the 18th century. The dog wont go near me, Everytime I smell my fingers I want to barf.
Definitely try this place, good for a once in a lifetime thing bring latex gloves and a gas mask!
ok so sometimes the wait is crazy long, it's worth the wait. The only restaurant that we will wait it out..the food is great..it's just awesome every time
Two years in a row, and the food was equally fantastic both times!  I recommend the crawfish or shrimp in their special mixed sauce.  Also, be careful, don't go any higher than the medium spice level or you will sweat to death.  This place is so good that it falls into one of my top three reasons to visit Vegas!
You gotta love a place that gives you a bib and wraps the table in a plastic bag. Here's a tip, don't wear white clothing to this place.

The food was fantastic. You order meat by the pound and pick your sauce. I went with their combo spice and picked 1lb in medium and 1lb in spicy. The crawfish was good but you get less meat for your money. The shrimp was delicious. We also had raw oysters which were also amazing.

I also tried the etoufee. It was pretty good but I've had better. Stick to the pounds of meat and you'll have a great time here getting messy with delicious seafood!
its okay...kindy spendy for a little amount of food

spent 22 dollar each person 

i got the blue grab and my friend got the 1 lb shrimp plus a dozen oyster...

its good...but its kind of time consuming

oysters are not good....

if you like shrimp and crawfish than its good...

if not... its only going to be okay....I prefer the boiling crab restaurant over hot and juicy
Came here after getting silly and drunk! I felt like Dexter during a kill, plastic everywhere to protect you from the splatter to come. The girls waiting on us were fun and helpful. Told us that the crawfish can come pretty spicy so order one down, so we got the mild (wimps we are).
  We ordered beers and our crawfish were fun little buggers to eat, however it does come in a soupy bag, and the amount of garlic is nuts. My vampire husband got a little queasy, he doesn't handle garlic too well, next time he will try one of their other fun items. My breath was humming till the next morning, but I'm cool with that. I also got a cute tank top! If you come to Vegas often I would say you have to come here at least once.
We saw an episode of Man vs Food for this place just before our Vegas trip, so we brought the hubby here for Father's day.  This location had the Man vs. Food banner  so we knew we were in the right place.  We had to circle to get a parking spot.  It was 90 degrees outside, but comfy inside.  We were able to snag one of the last tables. The other tables had families with kids, couples, and friends. The wait staff was all young and friendly.  We ordered a pound of shrimp in garlic sauce and a pound in the hot n juicy special sauce, mild for both.  They were nice size shrimp.  The flavor of the sauce was great and the shrimp tasted fresh.  The tables were covered with plastic and they had plastic gloves for us.   A big roll of papertowels was on the table.  It was messy.  The shrimp comes tied up in a plastic bag.  The kids got chicken nuggets and fried shrimp with fries, which came in a little basket and they were okay.  We didn't like the etoufee with rice that we ordered.  The flavor wasn't what we were use to, but the texture and rice seemed normal.  
My family doesn't like the shrimp heads, so lucky me, I got them all.  I didn't eat them all, but I ate quite a few.  I didn't feel well afterwards, maybe it was the shrimp heads.  Hubby and kids were fine.  I normally have a pretty iron stomach, so I would try it again.
You have to have there hot and juicy signature sauce on everything from crabs to craws from shrimp or lobs gotta have it, perfection every time! Don't use the gloves use your bare hands, savor your garlic smelly hands for days to come washing wont get it undone, so smell and whiff it in the garlic that unites the hot & juicy brethren
The crawfish were a bit challenging to eat. Be aware that their mild is still on the spicy side. I don't even want to imagine what their "extra spicy" sauce does to your mouth. 
 Oh yeah, also, you can order half pounds of the creatures you order to eat. 
Be ready to spend some time and some money when you eat there.
All I can say is that this place is sooooo bomb! My bf and I always eat here. We usually get the shrimp or crawfish with the Hot & juicy sauce, which is so garlicky. lol Then we overload it with lemon. OMG pretty bomb. It does get a little messy so I usually don't recommend getting all dolled up to eat here. Can't really say anything bad about this place. Well just the fact that it gets crowded but it's understandable 'cause it's hella good here! Also, it's kinna hard to find parking sometimes.
 In my opinion, this place is better than Boiling Crab.
This place is off the hook! My other favorite seafood place to get some good cajun food!
Don't go here if you dislike: Sucking the delicious mustard out of tiny shellfish's head then devouring their savory little bodies, getting messy with your food, enjoy chatting with the people around you as they suck off their little friend's heads, fast service, friendly wait staff, or having fun with your food.

Seriously though, this place is the place to go for your crawfish fix in LV outside of Louisiana. I eat a ton of crawfish (okay, maybe half a ton) so believe me when I said I didn't think there would be a place outside of the Bayou that does crawfish this good. The wait staff were fast and tentative and will leave you in peace if they see you are happily making a mess of yourself in enjoying your food. The only thing I would have to say is negative is not to get the sausage as it's not as good as the other items on their menu. Definitely give this place a try if you slither out of the Bayou like I do once in a while.
Chicago NEEDS a Hot N Juicy!

I'm a seafood lover and this is my cloud 9! 

Fresh seafood seasoned in their garlic and butter sauce, yummmmmmm! 

I can eat Hot N Juicy everyday, but would probably have to limit it to once a week on those days where I make the least amount of human contact as the garlic stench in my breath can make it difficult for me to communicate.

We had 2lbs crawfish, 2lbs shrimp, and king crab. Everything was delicious! I highly recommend getting a side of rice or extra potatoes and corn.

The other stuff like the fried catfish or calamari were meh so I would stick to the non-fried items. Also the sausage isn't worth it.

Great service, plenty of napkins and water, so why not go for it and get the very spicy?
Absolutely delicious! If you love seafood and sucking meat out of shells this is the right place! The crawfish is sooooooooo good, their sauces are so tasty and you can decide on the spice level you'd like.  They sell the seafood per pound, in a bag, with the sauce of your choice.  They offer crab, shrimp, lobster, mussels, and crawfish.  I really crave this once a while::: My 2 pounds of crawfish in the lemon pepper or the house sauce, spicy and 2 or 3 Blue Moon beers....Bam! it doesn't get better than this!
Be prepare to stink like spices after eating here for the rest of the day! lol
2 parts to the review..

First comes to the actual experience my group of 7 and I had. The second is how Noemy Avalos, the amazing manager took care of the matter.

We began on a positive note when our male server took our drink order and explained thoroughly about the process of ordering from the menu. He was very polite, patient, and knowledgeable. Once our drinks were delivered, we had a new server, Natali. After she took our orders, our experience quickly became negative, as our food orders were all mixed up and half the food came out much later than the rest. Natali was kind enough to take off 2 items off our bill that took over an hour to arrive. We were already in a rush to catch a show, and we decided to settle up as quickly as possible. 

When Natali delivered the bill, there were items that were added that weren't ordered. We had to explain that these extra charges were in fact not ours. She brought a new bill out, without explaining the automatic 17%  gratuity that was added. Because of the amount of time spent waiting for food, we decided to settle using 1 visa card, and worried about splitting the charges within the group afterwards since we were out of time.

Due to the rush, we tipped an extra $50 on top of the automatic gratuity, which was NOT deserved. While signing the receipt at the cashier, Natali should of mentioned that tip was already included. We understand that we should've spent a bit more time reading over the bill, but with 8 people rushing to catch a show, we weren't fully able to analyze the receipt. 

We let Noemy Avalos know of this matter, and she not only decided to give back the $50, but she offered to refund the entire tip $100+ back. Amazing manager, and a pleasure to talk with.

We will return, when we come back to Vegas for EDC 2014. :)
I really enjoyed Hot N Juicy from the time I walked in to til the time I left. My server was Cute N Friendly! She knew who she was dealing with because she recommended the Garlic Butter snow crab legs! 
Whoooooooo! 
The sauce was soooo good and spicy! So hot and tasty! I think I opened up other senses while on that food high! LOL!!!
If you're a seafoodie, This is a MUST TRY!
Highly recommended, prices are very reasonable. Email me and I will meet you there!
I've been to many Boiling Crabs across CA so I was anticipating a lot from Hot N Juicy. I ordered: 1/2 lb shrimp with 1/2 dozen sausage, corn, cajun fries, and I tried some of my friends' oysters and crawfish. Got Mild with Hot N Juicy seasoning. 

Firstly, prices were a little steeper than BC, maybe $1-2 higher. Dived into the food and after a few bites, my mouth was ON FIRE. Seriously. I got Mild, the lowest spice setting and I had to stop eating a few times because my mouth was suffering. I got the sweats, Corona & water didn't help, and my stomach even hurt a bit. You might call me weak and maybe I am, but I order a Mild at BC and I have no problem finishing a Whole Shabang there. 

It was so spicy that I could barely taste the seasoning. The corn was mushy/soggy. The sausages were good, but still had the same level of insane heat. Oysters were bigger than I'd like, I prefer mine small and sweet. 

Overall, the most memorable part of my meal were the sausages and the saltine/oyster/horseradish/cocktail sauce combo. Boiling Crab over Hot N Juicy any day.
If you want to grub out on a ton of delicious, juicy seafood this is your spot. The concept is simple: choose what type of seafood you want and how many pounds of it you want. You can also choose the type of spice you'd like. They have more than just cajun if you aren't looking for spicy (Lemon Pepper, etc). I had a pound of the shrimp, Cajun style. I got the medium spicy level because I wasn't sure, but it was nothing. I wish I got the most spicy. I also had the oysters on the half shell. The prices are reasonable and nothing beats well cooked seafood and lots of it!
Been here three times already, but we've always gotten take out.  It's usually very busy and parking is a pain.  For a place that is so popping I'm surprise they are in such a tight spot with parking, etc.  The food though is great.  We usually get a few pounds of crab legs and a pound of shrimp.  I could eat the crab legs all by myself though lol and every time we finish eating I am left wanting more.  I had never had crab legs like this until I came here.  Everything is priced based on the market.  Can't wait to take my parents to the one in Orange County.
Great value! Dinner for 5 with tip, $120. 3 orders of 1 pound shrimp, 1 pound of crawfish, 1 pound of mussels, 1 pounds of king crab legs, calamari, sweet potato fries and all of us got a soda. Food was flavorful, messy and fun! Chicago definitely needs a place like that. When you see market price on the menu, you think it's going to be really expensive, it wasn't at all. What a pleasant surprise. Fast service, yes there was a 20 minute wait to get a table after 9pm, but it was well worth it.
Came in town & found this place in Chinatown. Love the seafood there! Messy but worth it! & decent price also.

Highly recommended!
OMG hot &&&& juicy!!
we had the hot and juicy medium crab, galic medium crab, cajun medium shrimp, crawfish and cajun fries everything was super delicious.. and HOT!!!!

cajun fries are spicy... i love spicy but my friend who does not like spicey could not eat hers. so we ate them for her :) 

cant wait to go back!
Best seafood place I've ever been to!  Go in with a plan though cause if you let your eyes order your chec can get pretty high (when ordering for a family).  My 6 yr son orders the catfish platter and he loves it.  I order the shrimp and crab legs with the seasoning that is a combo of all of the flavors (forget what its called).  If you take the sauce the shrimp is in and poor it over rice its sooooo good!
Delicious delicious delicious! Shrimp is always plump and service is always friendly and attentive.
I used to live in Nawlins and my friend took me here to try it out and see if it was the real deal.  It definitely was.  

We went in there with big hangovers and appetites.  The waitress was engaging and attentive.  My friend and I had fun goofing around with her while asking questions and trying to make decisions.  

We ordered a bunch of dungie and crawdads along with some baskets of fried stuff.  Over the course of the next hour we did our best to eat it all--we ordered too much--while having fun with the people at the tables around us.  

All in all it was a great crowd and we had a good time.
So finger lickin' good. 

The epitome of my dining experience here was not only watching myself and my friends devour the whole menu but the finale to the great dinner began at the restroom's line to wash my hands.. 

Two minutes into my wait in line, the young gentlewoman in front of me helped triple confirmed how delicious this place was when I struggled to keep myself from awkwardly admiring her as she licked her fingers clean. Classy woman was ~5 feet away from the restroom and probably only had to wait another minute for her turn at the sink. 

Well, ain't no body got time to wash your 'Hot N Juicy' fingers at the sink when you're here!

Stay classy and put your cool bib on before you get your sanitized hands on what we ordered:

-As many lbs of shrimps you can handle
-Dozens of fresh oysters
-Sausages
-Sweet potato fries
-Fried cat fish
-Calamari
-Fried chicken wings!
-Beers for the whole party

We also ordered the crawfish but I'm not a big fan of working so much for a little piece of meat. I did have a couple and it wasn't very impressive so it'd be my last recommendation to order. Spicy here is truly spicy - you'll get the heads up before ordering as well!

Also, be mindful not to ask for the 'whole-shebang' here or you'll get some Hot N Juicy stares from the waiters/waitresses. Just kidding, you'll just get kindly reminded that you're not at Boiling Crab and it's crowned the "Hot and Juicy Special" sauce here - could've been more saucily creative than that methinks but the taste is very up to par.
Sooo fucking good but I always have the worst gas afterwards.. zoo now i just get the non butter and garlic seasonings... still good tho.. but yeah.. no gas for my ass. peace ho!
King crab legs were great but the place leaves you smelling so bad that its not worth it.
I have been in the service industries for twenty five years, I've worked at the best bars in las vegas and I know the difference between good service and someone making me feel like I'm part of there family.not only do I love the food there ,but on my last stop the waitress emeli made me feel like I was part of there family.it was refreshing to get that kind of service it really made me and my girlfriends night.great food and always great service.thank you hot and juicy....
Se amate i crostacei in salsa piccante questo è il posto che fa per voi!
Aragoste giganti servite intere e tonnellate di gamberi vengono serviti in sacchetti di plastica trasparenti pieni di salsa piccante (con gradazioni da Mild a Extreme) che vanno mangiati rigorosamente con le mani.
Non esistono piatti e posate quindi se non amate sporcarvi le mani non avvicinatevi nemmeno.
Purtroppo l'aspetto negativo è che poi uscendo dal ristorante rimane sui vestiti (e non solo) una tremenda puzza di aglio...

Dopotutto però ne vale la pena!
I am a huge fan of Cajun/creole shrimp! When I was living in california I was a frequent visitor to boiling crab. Once we moved here to Vegas I had tried out boiling crab here and it was disgusting! So here I was in search of a new place to fulfill cravings...and I can honestly tell you that hot n juicy is BETTER than boiling crab! Seriously it's delicious. I went back to San Jose's boiling crab a few days after I had hot n juicy and it does not compare! Their sauce has an extra kick to it and they use less butter for sure. I am a definite fan of this place now.
Love!  Just discovered them this year.  I always get a lb. of shrimp, less than mild, because i'm a spice wuss.  Actually, too much spice makes me sick, so I avoid it.  But, even "less than mild" has a little kick to it and doesn't affect me so, perfect!  I usually order corn and sausage, with the shrimp, then a side of rice or sweet potato fries.  Every time I'm in Vegas I try to drop by.  I look forward to it every time now.  Great place.  Not a long wait at all, and the waitresses are super friendly.
Yummy but I'm mad @ the waitress. I love spicy but I wasn't prepared for this intensity of spice. I could handle the spice as long as there was a steady delivery of ice water to my table. I watched my waitress pass by a handful of times never even checking to see if I needed more water even though my glass had been empty for a while. I was waiting patiently but my mouth was on fire so at one point I tilled the glass to sip some of the melted ice water and an i accidental sucked the ice cube into my mouth. It got stuck in my throat and I was choking on it. It was really painful but I didn't panic because being that it was ice it was eventually going to melt down so I could either cough it up or swallow it. Of course my eyes were watering and I couldn't breath and i could've passed out. A minute later I was able to cough up the ice cube and I was fine. 

I would eat here again because i love seafood but i will request a pitcher of water so I won't have to wait for the waitress.
Stopped by on our way home from Vegas. The food was good, I actually like their sauce better than Boiling Crab (LA). However, the waitress def could not explain the spice levels to us, they way she talked about the food made me not order as much as I normally do. She basically said the Cajun fries are too hot, and to order the mild sauce because the medium is too hot for her. This was after I told her I like spicy foods. I def could of gone for the medium sauce, and I probably would of tries the Cajun fries if she didn't dissuade me from getting them. Not a great way to sell your product! Would of given then 4 Stars but they made one of my friend chicken wings instead of fried shrimp, it took foreeverrrr for it to get corrected and they still handed is a bill with the chicken wings (their mistake). Would go back but they need to work on their service.
Overall,Enjoyed my Feast. Living along the Gulf  Coast  in Houston TX I was used to great seafood,hmmm, lets see what a little joint in Nevada can do? They did not disappoint, Althoght I wasn't used to the $11/pound price for crawfish, you can get 5 pounds for that price back in TX,anyway, I ordered 2 lbs crawfish,fries,calamari,and a cold Sapporo. My only real let down was the calamari, it seemed like it had just been from a freezer/nuked,then to the plate? Even the sauce was still semi frozen when it came to the table,it just seemed High School cafeteria qaulity. I used to work for Gordon Ramsay in NYC, so I know Fresh Food when I eat it,and unfortunately,the calamari just wasn't. My whole bill was $38 dollars, $3 dollars more than the Seafood Buffet at Rio which I will be trying next. Overall, Worth the Visit, and looks like a great Date place!
You have to know what you are getting when you come here.  I had the shrimp and crab legs.  Food was as expected and sauce was on par as to how the staff described it.  I've been to the boiling crab and I would say this is better since its got more variety and this is more raw in your face good.
came here for lunch because i've been wanting to find a good crawfish joint in las vegas and boiling crab just isn't cutting it.

there are two hot n juicy on spring mountain and we went to the one that ISN'T next to pho kim long. you are greeted and served by a bunch of attractive girls and they all have head phones on. the crawfish here is pretty good but definitely nothing compare to houston's. (i love crazy cajun) we ordered the hot n juicy special with level spicy, but next time i'll definitely go for extra spicy. i also tried a little bit of the sausage and it was yummy! 

i'd go back again when i'm craving crawfish & i do recommend this place if you're ever in town and craving seafood.

P.S they also have chicken nuggets and wings and such for kids.
One of my favorite places in Vegas! Great quality seafood and delicious sauces and flavors! I'd highly recommend the lemon pepper sauce with the shrimp and getting crab legs with their famous hot and juicy sauce! Though I'd like to think I like spicy foods it turns out the mild on both of these is spicy enough for me ! Lots of kick in the best sense! Me and my boyfriend usually get a pound or pound and a half of shrimp and a pound of crab legs but when we are really going big we do two pounds of crab legs! A little pricey but so worth it and such a fun date place I love picking everything apart for the meat and getting messy and licking sauce of my fingers it's a great time
I got 2 pounds of crayfish and 1/2 pound of shrimp.  Honestly, it's all about the sauce.  you can dip a dirty old sock (i got the hot n juicy special which is like a combo of all the sauces) and it would taste good.  the crayfish was pretty hard to eat - takes a lot of time to deshell and the meat isn't that tasty to make it worth the effort.  the shrimp is a much better - less work, less shelling, and they give you pretty descent size shrimp for $10.99 a pound.  my only complaint is that they don't really sell any carbs to go with that delicious sauce - like some white rice, or bread or pasta.  i would go find that old sock to dip it in, so i can eat more of the sauce.  it is very messy, so don't go in your sunday best.  and you will probably need a change of clothes, bath and manicure after eating here, but it's pretty well worth the trip.  if i lived in vegas, i would do the take out - because it's kinda embarrassing licking your fingers in public, and walking out with all these little splatters all over your shirt.
The crawfish here is super tasty, a must have for whenever I visit vegas!
The excellent place to have a New Orleans style seafood!  Wish there restroom need additional stalls!
Crawfish, crawfish, crawfish.  Theirs nothing better then good fusion!!!  Just get their early cause it gets busy
This is THE BEST & Freshest seafood in Chinatown it's just amazing my husband and I have to stop in every time we are in town! Please go to this one and not the 3863 one this is the true original and customer service is 10X better! SHOUT OUT TO MEGAN!!!! She was our server and was on top of everything! I will return to this location and this location only because of the impeccable customer service ;) THANKS AGAIN MEGAN! Keep up the great work!
When I saw this place we were expecting NOLA cajun crawfish. It was far from it.  The food  good for the most part, the spices and sauce were overwhelming. It was not spicy since i got mild. It was just so much in the bag. New Orleans crawfish boil is simpler but with big flavor. But i can see why people might like it here. Just not my cup of tea. However, the service was excellent. I am curious of how much plastic, styrofoam  and paper they throw out!
I just picked up a cajun french fry with a strand of light colored hair wrapped around it with a burnt crust at the end of the strand at HOT N' JUICY CRAWFISH!! I will never go back and I suggest you don't either!!!!
The food is so spicy, it's a nice burn. Buffalo wild wings blazin wings rips my stomach apart and other parts. Hot and Juicy is hot enough to satisfy. Eating the hot rice was a marathon. 

Usually when we eat here I have trouble keeping the bill under $80. However!..... this last time I ordered 1lb shrimp and my sweet heart ordered black mussels with 2 pieces of corn and a cup of rice. The total was like $27 bucks.
Really disappointed in our experience last night. The crawfish were VERY tiny. Great flavor, but had to struggle so much to get the meat out of the tiny shell that it mashed it all up. Talked to our server and she confirmed they were smaller than in the past. This was our 3rd time at this location and unfortunately, the last.
Hot N Juicy you let me down. I have had this place bookmarked FOR-EV-ER and jumped at the chance to go last night when a friend invited me. I got there at 730 and asked for a table for 3, they said 25 minutes wait, no problem. About 8:05 they called my name and sat us in the back in a half booth but it had a square table so it was really akward. A round table would have been much better. Anyways I ordered 1lb of shrimp with the hot n juicy seasoning with a corn and potato and my friends both ordered 1lb of king crab with lemon pepper and juicy cajun seasonings. Right after our server took our order a big party of 15 came in and was seated right next to us and our server tended to them immediately. After about 25 minutes we have had no refills, and we have no food. I start to notice that people who came in AFTER us are getting their food. I joke and say "I think they forgot about us." We stop a waitress and ask whats going on and she tells us some bullshit lie that our food is coming but that we have the king crab and that can take a little bit longer. Now its been at least 45 minutes and no food. Our server finally comes to our table and tells us she is so sorry and so embarassed but she forgot to put our order in, but she put it in right now and it is being pushed to the front of the line. Now at this point im PISSED off. She was soo worried about serving the table of 15 and just forgot about us. Before we even get our food the table of 15 is already starting to get appetizers. Our food finally came around 9:10 and it was good thats why the 2 stars. The hot n juicy seasoning is delicious but SOO garlicky. I still smell like garlic today. I tried some of my friends lemon pepper crab and that was reallly good. For 2lbs of king crab and 1lb of shrimp our total was like $80 which is not bad. But I will not be back because of the shitty service. I will try the other location a little bit down the street and hope we dont get forgotten about.  FYI the servers  name is ASHLEY, dont get her because she FORGETS everything! Even the people next to us were mad because she forgot to add potatoes and corn to their bag.
This place is really good! So glad we got to try it while our here in Vegas. Very similar to Boiling Crab. I ordered a pound of shrimp, in the hot n juicy sauce; It is a little bit more spicy, though (I got the medium spice). My boyfriend ordered the same things, but in a mild spice,
which was even still a little spicy for him. he also ordered the oysters and said that these were the best oysters he's ever had. The place was pretty busy, but the staff did a good job checking on everyone. Would definitely eat here again. It's worth the money to take a cab here!
I knew I shouldn't have come here after having a early morning flight from Dulles Airport but I was convinced by my sister that it was a must have even if I was dead tired, sleepy and knowing i had to go out in the next few hours AND just got my french manicure.  We arrived by taxi which was no problem and got seated immediately.  I looked at all of the bibs and thought that this surely would make me pass out with no problem.  I did the best I could, I told our waiter that I needed cokes and any drink with caffeine.  I decided NOT to order the crawfish and went ahead and ordered the shrimp.  My sister went ahead and got the crawfish daggonit and a side of fries.  

It all started really good, I felt alive,  I doubled up on my gloves and I felt like I could get past this 'tiredness' like I used to in college just push on through it.  I even got a crawfish from our 1 pound bag and thought - this is no big deal.  Handful of fries - gone. Broke off the heads of the shrimp (yes, they have the heads on) and threw them back in the bag and kept eating.  I then came up for air and then it hit - that coma, that feeling that takes over you as you realize you might have had a little too much and not only that you're 3 hours behind your NORMAL time.  Then i gave up.  To make matters even worse we walked outside and got punched in the face due to the heat.  We had a great time there and the service and food was great.

Just a note to those who did NOT rent a car and taxi their way through Vegas -- Taxi's are NOT frequent here so call ahead about 30 minutes before you leave.

4 Stars.
Horrible experience my buddy ordered oysters on the half shell, and he kindly offered me one. On a side note my buddy had been drinking for two days straight so his taste buds were not on point. As I took the oyster the smell and taste were very OFF to the point I spit it back up right away. I eat raw oysters often; and frequent the hot and juicy in Hollywood, this location is gross flies, floor looked horrible. Once we made them aware that the oysters were bad all they did was remove it from bill. Mind you buddy ate two or three before I noticed they were bad. I don't expect a free meal but when your dealing with people's health I would at least expect a hey sorry let us remove your buddies one drink also. I mean we just tried to poison you!! When we asked for salt before this experience it took so long we just went and got it our selves. Bad service and bad food not a successful combo!!!!! I believe the service was the worst, my shrimp were overcooked but the sauce is still great!
I was contacted by management and my complaint was taking very serious. I appreciate the fact that they read and cared about my experience. I will give them another chance when I am in Vegas. As usual I will still be chowing down at the West Hollywood location. BOMB!!
This location is much nicer and newer than the one down the street from it.  I've never had to wait very long to be seated at this one.

As far as the food goes, if you love messy finger food that comes equipped with a bib, you'll love Hot and Juicy. Their spice is not for the faint of heart! Even their mild spice has a good amount of kick. So far I've tried their shrimp, crawfish, corn fritters, and fries. You have to peel the shrimp and crawfish yourself.  It's a bit of a hassle, but it's part of the experience. 

Don't waste your time or money on the crawfish.  Big creature, small amount of meat.  1 lb of shrimp in Hot N Juicy seasoning is the way to go.  
Keep in mind that when you order by the pound, that includes the weight of the entire shrimp body, antennas, legs, and the juice. Their seasoned fries are burn-your-face-off spicy, and with all the spice in the shrimp, I found it overwhelming. Their corn fritters are crispy, creamy, sweet balls of corny goodness.  They pair perfectly with the spicy shrimp.

For those who have children or unenthusiastic seafood eaters in your group, they also offer things like chicken strips and popcorn shrimp on their menu.

Oh and unless you want your fingers to burn for hours after the meal and garlic scented fingertips for the next week, WEAR THE GLOVES!
love love love this place!!!
It was good but im always loyal to boiling crab though. not bad for something different!
Man this place definitely lives up to its hype. The atmosphere is great and the food is amazing. The hot n juicy sauce it full of flavor.  I will definitely have to  go back when I return to Vegas. This place would have received a 5 star from me but the waitress helping my party kept dropping the ball. We repeatedly had remind her of things she was forgetting. Maybe because it was really busy that night. Idk. Other then that. I highly recommend it
The hubs and I made this out first stop off the plane for lunch as we were too early for our hotel check-in. We waited about 20 minutes. Staff was extremely friendly and attentive. We ordered 1/2 lb. of shrimp, a lb. of crawfish and sausage and the soft shell crab platter. Seasoning was very tasty. I wish we ordered more shrimp. The soft shell crab was a little too battered. Still glad we gave it a try. I seriously think our waiter made the experience. He was awesome with refilling our drinks and bringing us extra gloves.
After passing by this place half a dozen times and laughing at the name, I saw it recommended in Fodor's, and quickly Yelped it to see that  it was indeed a highly appreciated, just two dollar signs, seafood spot.  Couldn't wait to go, and it was dee-licious!  

I had a pound of snow crab legs in their hot and juicy sauce.  Normally I would get the crawfish, but they are out of season right now, so they just had frozen available.  Thankfully our server had given us a heads up that their spicy was a notch or two above most other places; I had "mild" and my lips were burning with the first bite.  Not that I let a little thing like that slow me down.  You have to order corn and red bliss potatoes by the piece, so I had one of each, and they had also absorbed the awesome hot spicy flavor from the sauce.

The weak link in this restaurant are the servers.  Supposedly every server is yours, not just one.  But we found that meant asking several people for the same item before we actually got it.  Happened twice to us with requests for more ketchup and more water, and we heard the table next to us say the same thing.  Also, our original server placed our order incorrectly (which she acknowledged immediately) so then one member of our party had to wait 10+ minutes for her food to come out while the rest of us were eating.  And since we didn't have our "own" waitress, nobody gave us updates, nobody let a manager know, and we kept having to flag servers down to find out what was happening.  It definitely turned a five star rating into a four star rating.
I went here to grab dinner one evening. My friend and I were seated quickly. The service, however, was slow after that. We had to track down a few waiters to ask for drinks and then order food. It didn't seem like a busy night. The food was alright, nothing that spectacular. I am glad I tried it once. If someone wanted to eat here again, I would. I am not sure I would go here from craving crawfish.
This joint is packed 'til closing for a reason.  Crab, beer and sports.  Simple.  I will definitely stop by whenever I'm in Las Vegas.  Next time, I bring in the professional crab eating gloves.
PRO: Fun Place to go with a group.
PRO& CON: Prepare to get sloppy!
They sell you Dungeness crab without telling that all you can eat is legs which cost three times cheaper than the whole crab, and after you mention that you actually ate only legs, they still charge you for a crab shell... Never coming back
The service was fast and the shrimp was great. I've been to both locations and this one is the best. Not in the greatest location but so worth it. I've called and picked up to go also and it's quick and easy
We were a party of 6 and we put away at least 4 lbs of snow crab, 4 lbs of shrimp, 8 lbs of crawfish, 2 orders of fried catfish, plus corn for everyone. The food was excellent. After eating on the strip, we wanted something different. This was well worth it. We should have gone there earlier in the trip. Martha our waitress was extremely helpful and patient. This is a must stop for lunch when in Vegas.
Are you willing to get down and dirty for some delicious seafood!? Then this is the place to be! I've been here about 4 times in the last month. First, I was invited then I invited other friends and family to try, and everyone is in love w hot n juicy restaurant! My server Javi was also very attentive, educated, and very personable! Great server! Love this place!
Great experience. Excellent food. I had two lbs of the spicy Louisiana style crawfish. They were most excellent.very casual and the waitstaff were good.
great food, service was ok. This is not a place you go to eat very often but when you do, you gotta go big!!!
Best seafood restaurant in vegas hands down!!!! End of story. Lol great prices the seasoning is amazing, service is great, our cajun fries were forgotten so they brought us some as soon as we reminded them and they gave them for free!!
Good food friendly service. Be prepared to make a mess!
I finally got to see what all the commotion was about. And it's about the best damn shrimp in Las Vegas . We opted for the hot juicy medium flavor and it was amazing. Make sure you use the protective gear they give you, cuz it can be messy. Also gloves are helpful as well so your fingers don't smell like garlic for the next two days. All in all this is probably my new favorite spot on Spring Mountain or even maybe Las Vegas.
This place is addicting!  The crawfish is amazing as is just about every other piece of seafood you can imagine!  The crawfish is obviously the star of the show, but the clams, mussels, and even the shrimp are just as good!  Be warned that this place is about as messy as it gets when it comes to dining, and you will make a mess regardless of how careful you are or even if you use gloves.  Everything is good about this place except for the insane wait times that you can get if you come during peak dinner hours.  Regardless of the wait time, just wait... It'll be worth your while.
Having seen HNJC on "Man vs Food" some time ago, I couldn't resist the opportunity to chow down there during a brief bidness trip through Las Vegas...solo action.

Not wanting to look like a complete creep and glutton peeling and mashing crawfish after crawfish into my mouth alone at a table for two; I took my order of Hot N Juicy Special Green Mussels (1lb) and Crawfish (1lb) to go.  

Back at my lair, The Palms, I dutifully laid out my feast on plastic bibs as not to completely destroy the entire room.  After doing so I realized I was one bib short for mine own self!  Alas, this is where we turn down Creepy Drive.  After locking the door, hanging the "Do Not Disturb" sign and drawing the blinds, I stripped down to my skivvies and feasted.  

There is something quite liberating and simultaneously shaming about eating dinner in your underwear.  However, the satisfaction I received from gorging on the delicious shellfish washed away any lingering feelings of penitence.

Will be back, hopefully with friends, if not take out it is!
Let me start by saying that Hot and Juicy is one of my local fav's...  I recently stopped in for a quick 1lbs. bag 'o shrimp, which I get with the "hot and juicy, "medium" sauce'. For some reason it tasted different than it usually does, with a faint, bitter aftertaste and not the usual, "smack you in the face" garlic punch. 

It took a little while to realize that they had substituted the fresh garlic for the cheap bottled chopped garlic stuff that barely resembles garlic!!!! It was totally depressing that a restaurant that seems to be busy from the moment they open to the moment they close would need the sacrifice that distinct garlicky goodness for a bitter sulfur flavored imitation.....

I hope they wise up and switch back soon!
Who doesn't love a pound of spicy fish, a ridiculous bib, and some spicy Andouille  sausage. HnJ is always jumping and fairly packed with people so be prepared.   The shrimp aren't the pretty cooked ones you purchase from the grocery store so be prepared for eyeballs looking at you. I love this place and when they say spicy realize they mean it.
This review is long overdue. Hot N Juicy is a staple among myself and my girlfriends! It is the ultimate, messy, satisfying meal.

We usually order:

-Crab legs (spicy medium)
-Shrimp (spicy medium)
-Add sausage and corn
-Seasoned fries
-Bud Light

I generally don't drink beer (the occasional Amstel Light when boating) but for whatever reason when eating at Hot N Juicy I just have to have a Bud Light to wash down all the flavorful, salty goodness.

Three tips: 
1. YES wear the plastic gloves, if they don't give them to you, ask for them. Otherwise you will wreck your manicure with all the juice and sauce. 
2. Bring a hair clip (if you have long hair) 
3. Wear clothes that you don't mind absorbing garlic and HNJ sauce aromas. You will smell like a HNJ shellfish when you leave this restaurant.

Mmm just writing about this makes me crave HNJ now!
My buddy dragged me here but I was not really looking forward to it. Boy was I glad he did! This place is amazing. Went here for lunch, a short cab ride from the strip over to Chinatown. Located in a strip mall it is very casual, but nice and clean. I ordered two pounds of snow crab and a pound of king crab in their Hot N Juicy hot sauce which is a combination of all their sauces mixed together and it was delicious. NOTE: you can order mild hot or extra hot, I am usually an extra hot kind of a guy(don't you agree? KIDDING!)) but the waitress warned me that there sauces  are very hot and customers always say the stuff is hotter that they expected. In fact it was true their medium is hotter than most places hot or even extra hot. it was not too hot for me but I was pleasantly suprised at the heat levels. We also ordered a few side dishes, frys and corn fritters. They also serve bottled beers which are a must in my opinion and I am not a big beer drinker but this food goes well with a beer or three LOL. Another note, it is kinda messy so don't wear white and wear the silly bib they give you.

I am looking forward to my next trip to vegas so I can go back and eat here again.
Messy, but oh so worth it! Had king crab legs, snow crab legs, shrimp, mozz sticks, rice and Cajun fries.  Everything was amazing!
THE BEST casual restaurant in Vegas! Outstanding food, excellent service, I have nothing bad to say about the joint. I am a local & this is my new favourite place to chow down in the 702!

Warning to girlie men and the faint of heart... The food here IS spicy, ask for a sample before you order a couple pounds of seafood and wimp out because you can't handle the heat.

I LOVE THIS PLACE!
This is one of the most fun dining experience I've every had!
We arrived right before the place opened, and it was literally PACKED about 15 minutes after it opened for business.  
The is the place where table manner and dress code is optional. By the time you are done, it will be messy with sauce all over your face your hand and piles of seafood on the table. So don't dress to impress, just bring something to cover yourself. :D
Their ordering process is simple: Just order the choice of seafood, seasoning, level of spicy and add-ons. The Hot N Juicy special seasoning is absolutely fabulous. It's like a combination of  Cajun, black pepper and lots of garlic, so you got lots of flavor in one bag. The spice level is more like those you will find in a Thai restaurants, so when you pick spicy, it is really spicy. Make sure you order POTATOES as add-ons, it well pick up all the sauces and juices in the bag and you will be in potato heaven. 
We ordered 2lbs crawfish, 0.5lbs shrimp, extra corn and potato in Hot N Juicy special seasoning and spicy. With two drinks it only cost us about 26 dollars. So it not only the best taste you will find in Vegas it will also be the best value in Vegas.
Saw this place on Man vs Food and had to try it.  It was great!  Crawfish and shrimp were excellent and the Cajun Fries were terrific too!  Service great also.
Best place to eat in Vegas! We come here every time were in Vegas. Reasonably priced and worth the money!
Unbelievably messy,hot,flavorful......AMAZING!!!!! 11 outa 10 plus it's located in Sin City need I say more...... I didn't think so.
This is a must for my sisters and I.  We try to make it while we are in Vegas.  We always order the Cajun (mild) Shrimp, Clams, and Crawfish.  The oysters are fresh and delicious, so delicious that I want to lick the whole shell! LOL We leave the carbs out so we don't get too full.  The food is great and the staff very friendly.   If you want a place out of the ordinary buffets and expensive burgers, stop by and have some crawfish! You won't be disappointed.
This is one of my go-to best dining experiences. What I mean by that is that this place is so awesome, when I am having a bad dining experience, my mind sends me visions of this place to soften the blow and make me feel better. This place is one of my food nirvanas.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! It is so yummy! 

Just a heads up, sometimes the wait is long but there's another location down street. 

Another heads up, don't dress up because when you leave here... Well, your gonna smell like this place HaHaHa 

Don't say I didn't warn you :)
Came on a Saturday night and to my surprise, no wait around 7pm for a party of 2.  

They pretty much put a plastic cover on your table (similar to a white trash bag) and it's kind of unappealing especially when they don't wipe the table dry underneath.

The food was so good, but the service had its ups and downs. 

What to order -- crawfish (make sure it's fresh, not frozen!), shrimp, and snow crab legs -- all in the Hot & Juicy sauce. You can't go wrong with this sauce, but heads up... the MILD definitely has a kick to it! Also, get Cajun Fries as your appetizer if you're ordering a lot of seafood! It balances out your meal nicely. 

What NOT to order -- sausage. $2.75 for 6 thin slices of sausage that's bland and leaves a weird aftertaste? No thanks... 

I had also ordered a corn with my meal, but it never came in the bag. I told my waitress, and she apologized and said she would send on out, but it never came. Needless to say, she never checked the second time to ensure that the corn came out. To add to that, she brought out the check and charged us for the corn we never got and we had it removed from the bill. 

On to the service... our server Emma was great (minus the little corn incident) - however the other employees had sour attitudes and were kind of unwelcoming. Also, I get that it's a pretty laid back place, but there were a lot of unprofessional things I noticed during my meal. A lot of the employees had their cell phones hanging out of their back pockets and would check their phones on the floor. Also, a waitress stood by the door and slipped some gum into her mouth. Um, gross? Couldn't you do that in the back or something? 

Overall, I'd probably be back to Hot & Juicy, but I'd try the newer location.
I really like it when the restaurant staff say hello to you when you walk in to their establishment; it makes me feel welcome as a customer. The staff here do this for everyone that walks in. Even though the cashier/service counter is away from the entrance, they yell it out. 

We were seated promptly near the cashier counter and ladies' restrooms. Typical setup with the plastic table cover, roll of paper towels, and bibs to keep you clean. The server was friendly, and was well informed about the menu. 

We ordered Etouffe, 2 pounds of shrimp in garlic butter and Cajun flavors. 

The Etouffe was sooo flavorful and fresh! There were pieces of crawfish and shrimp in it. The rice was fluffly and not soggy like you would think the soup would do to it. 

The shrimp was the 30/40 size with the head one. I think they are probably from frozen but they were still good. I know it's time consuming but I wish they would have de-veined the shrimp. I'm not a fan of the black digestive tract.

I would definitely come back.
Love this place! Best food around and great service! Fried cat fish and Cajun fries all day! #cajun #bosslife #bestiewesties #hotnjuicy #highridinrarris #jessebestwaitresseva #longhairdontcare #nomakeup
Nice atmosphere. Didn't take long for us to be seated and have our order taken. Our waitress explained the menu to us and the food was great!
I've gone here every New Year's Day in the last four years. But this time, there no longer serving fresh crawfish.  Frozen only. Not cool.
Fiance and I saw this place on the Man Vs. Food ...and we had to try it on our next trip to vegas. We went the day after New Years Day the place was empty. I was kind of scared we were not at the right location into the menu mentioned that they had been on Man vs. Food..Everything you order is by lb and the price is based on the market price. We ordered kind lobster legs $ 26.99/lb, crawfish $ 6.99/lb, and shrimp $12.99/lb along with some cajun fries. We went w/ the waitress recommendation and ordered all our food with the Hot N' Juicy sauce, spicy. Food was delicious except the crawfish they had warned us it was not fresh, which may explained why it tasted a bit salty. Still good but salty... Overall experience was great. Will come on our next trip to Vegas (may skip the crawfish). Beware...eating here you will get messy, they give you plastic table cover, bids and gloves to eat (eventually you dish the gloves & start getting dirty). You will smell after leaving this place...
I really wanted to like this place...

So my friend Yannie has been raving about this place called Hot N Juicy.

"Sooooo good," she says
"Better than boiling crab," she says
"You have to try it," she says

We were together in Vegas for New Years and decided it was time for me to try it after hearing so many good things about this place.

We ordered and the employees told us that the crawfish is frozen aka not fresh, so it's discounted, okay that's fair. So when we ordered 10lbs of shrimp for our group. Let me make a couple comparisons we can all relate to.

Plastic bottle liquor vs top shelf
Soccer in America vs Football
My shrimp vs fresh shrimp

My shrimp must have been the bottom of the barrel leftovers or something, but it was almost to the point of disgusting. Trying to peel the shrimp was difficult as the shrimp itself would just disintegrate and fall apart. It was like the employees packed a bunch of powder into shrimp shells and cooked it. 

Highly highly disappointed in this place. The ONLY reason why I gave this an extra star is because the sauce was halfway decent.
One of my new favorite places to eat in Vegas!  I'm a Southern girl and grew up eating mudbugs (crawfish) piled high on backyard picnic tables.  It's next to impossible to find really good Cajun crawdaddies outside of the deep south so I usually avoid trying because I'm almost always disappointed.  I have found the mudbug holy trail though!!

My guy is a Yankee and my mom and I are on a mission to southernize him as best we can hehe.  So one night crawdaddies were brought up and I realized I had a major hankering for the little red guys I had heard good things about this place so I decided to give it a go so I could quench my craving and take my guy's crawdad virginity, two birds, one stone and all that hullabaloo. 

We got there and there was about a twenty minute wait.  We had to wait outside cause the place is pretty packed with tables.  We were seated and our server was very nice and took the time to explain how things worked.  You order your protein (crawdaddies, shrimp, soft-shelled crabs etc) by the pound and choose your seasoning (Cajun, garlic butter etc) and they bring them out in bags.  No plates in this place...the tables are draped in plastic, there are plastic bibs available...you may look sill but they are definitely needed, those suckers might be small but they are seriously messy!  This is not the place to go if you plan to do anything afterwards.  

We ordered a couple pounds if crawfish with Cajun seasoning and an order of corn fritters.  I love spicy food, he doesn't.  It was a hit with us both, not too spicy and not too mild.  The fritters were divine and a good sized serving for the two of us. 

The big bonus was the price.  The market price of the crawdaddies that day was $7/lb, the next day I was at the grocery store and there were frozen crawfish for $6.75 for a little under a pound and you still had to cook them and do the cleaning up afterwards.  I'd gladly pay a quarter more to not have to do the work!

I haven't stopped raving about this place and keep dropping hints as often as I can that I'm jonsin' to go back.  I see some more head suckin' in my future (the heads are where all the yummy bits are, if you don't suck the heads you are mission out!) See y'all soon lil mudbugs!
This place is AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! I've been about 20 times in the pass 5 months I've lived here. The Crawfish is so flavorful. Growing up in Louisiana this is def. A place I would bring my family. This place is better than boiling crab by all means. I think I may go tomorrow for lunch :)
I think I overhyped this place, not only for myself, but for everyone else who came with me. What can I say? I heard great things about this place, but when it came down to tasting the food myself, the excitement suddenly stopped. I mean, the sauce was decent. However, my brothers complained that the sauce was too plain, and that their shrimp and crawfish were not drenched enough in sauce. Also, the sauce was surprisingly not as spicy as the server described it to be. I must say, I certainly did NOT like the sausages that I ordered. Worst sausages in my life. I seriously could not force it down for the life of me. It was also a no-go with the chicken nuggets for me. I recall cafeteria nuggets tasting better... 

Service was a bit slow and unorganized. The place was pretty darn small too. Once the dinner rush started, many parties ended up huddled around the bathroom. Not very comfortable if you ask me. 

I think I might try the newer Hot n Juicy the next time I'm in town. My brothers raved about the newer location being better than the kickin krab (my absolute fav) back at home. Unfortunately, I went with the overall statistics of THIS place and paid the price: cranky brothers and an unsatisfied stomach.
I've been to Boiling crab on Friday and was told Hot n Juicy was better.  So here's my review.

Food: Boiling crab's sauce to me seems to have more flavor.  The shrimp here didn't taste as fresh.  Maybe I came on a bad night?  The fried catfish was a disappointment as well.

Price:  Boiling Crab is a tad less expensive.  Not too much to make or break the deal.

Service:  Boiling Crab.  Our server was really friendly and attentive and funny.  Did I mention he was cute.  I may just come back for him. ;)  Hot n Juicy was friendly but our waitress seemed to be in a rush.  This was a Monday night. 

Atmosphere:  Boiling crab was a lot bigger so I felt less Claustrophobic.  

Alcohol:  This one goes to Hot n juicy.  They have a bigger selection on drinks.  

Boiling Crab 4 - Hot N Juicy  1

3 stars.  Not terrible... But probably won't be coming back.
All around great and exactly what I was hoping for. Delicious and messy, just how it should be!
I came here and it was my first time trying Cajun food. I loved it! I ate here multiple times and always order the same thing which is shrimp, fries and rice. I always eat with my rice on the table lol. Although this location is small I would come here again...but thank goodness for the newer location just down the street!
Atmosphere was great. Love the fact that you can get messy and not everyone will look at you weird. The waitresses we're ok. I had the fried shrimp basket and it was yummy. The cajun fries we're so yummy but they fried my mouth but I couldn't stop eating them. 
My husband had the craw fish and then the shrimp. I wasnt a fan of the craw fish (too much work for to little food) but the shrimp was soo good. Also the corn fritters are to die for. It's definitely a place to try and not everyone is going to love.
Fasten your Bib and Let's get Messy!

The best crawfish place outside of Louisiana that I have been to. Order your selection of seafood, I recommend a pound each of the crawfish and shrimp, pick your sauce, and enjoy?

Oh yeah, about plates? Who needs 'em! Your meal comes shaken up in the bag and thrown on the plastic tarp on your table. It's fun, messy eating from there on out!

I recommend getting the Louisiana Style, spicy. If you want a blend of all the sauces, go for the Hot n' Juicy.
Love this place, always amazing! I get the hot and juicy special shrimp spicy it's so good. The Cajun fries are good too. Can't go wrong here unless you you don't like sea food.
mhhh, so i didn't even know i got emails on yelp...........but I got an email from the manager at Hot N Juicy. That was very thoughtful of them to want to remedy the situation. She wanted to know the date of my visit and who my server was. I really don't remember at this point and to be honest I wouldn't want anyone to be fired because of it. It was very uncomfortable and worth mentioning to the staff just so they are vigilant of their customers water needs and heat tolerance but, again, it was so long ago. Hopefully no one gets seriously hurt and they use my review to train servers. 

As I said in my response to the manager, I'm definitely not upset about what happened during my last visit and I would definitely go back over and over again. I would just be sure to keep the water coming because even if you love heat (as I do), it can get a little bit out of control if you dont have steady stream of refreshments to cool down.
So, I'm the girl who saw this on Food Network Man vs Food and thought, that looks kinda strange! I'm the girl who when my sister and my boyfriend wanted to try it out thought, well, maybe I'll get some salmon or something. NO! Right when you walk in you are hit with this aroma, I can't even describe it, its garlicy, its cajun, it's deliciousnes! I tried a couple of the crawfish, and they were coo, I couldn't really get past the ripping of the heads and what not. BUT, I had their king crab legs, in the cajun seasoning and a side potato and corn and it was probably the best crab legs I have ever had! I craved it the rest of the trip and I have been back every time that I go to Vegas. My last trip was Hot N Juicy trip number 3! The only con? Not enough crab legs per bag!
yummy yummy yummy!!! hubby and i come here the girls are always nice...busy but nice. and they got mussels too...yummmmm!!!
Really fun experience with good friends! I've never worn gloves and a bib and had my food brought to me in a bag and shared with the table. It was messy and delicious and we got Cajun spices all over our beer glasses. :) 

I have no idea how much it cost because my buddy grabbed the bill, but we got 2 pounds of shrimp, 2 pounds of crab and 2 pounds of mussels to split between three people. It sounds like alot, but it was just enough, actually. Plus it came with a little corn on the cob and a little potato for each of us. We chose the medium level of spice, which was plenty spicy for me! 

So this is food you have to WORK for. You have to tear the heads and legs off of the shrimp and peel them and you have to crack open your crab legs and pry the meat out. But it's WORTH it! The mussels required NO work and were delicious. The shrimp was, ya know, shrimp. The crab was delectable - I freakin' love a good juicy piece of crab meat. :) 

We felt like three ravenous animals tearing apart food with our hands and leaving a mess of shells and sea creature parts behind. Awesome. 

My boyfriend was not a fan of the chicken tenders he ordered; he said they were slightly worse than the kind you buy in the freezer section of the grocery store. And they didn't have BBQ sauce, just ketchup and not-so-good ranch. So yeah. Get the seafood.
YUMMY!  Yes, good thing for the bibs, becuase it will get messy, but it is well worth it! I recommend getting the hot and Juicy Special seasoning on your crawfish. awesome flavor.  We also tried the soft shell crab, that was also good.  
We will definately return next time we are in Las Vegas.  Excellent service, great food.
My friends and I went here when we visited Vegas. The crabs were very flavorful and cooked correctly. My friend got shrimp and it was good as well, not greasy at all. I would definitely go back. Tip: If you stay on the strip, you will need to catch a taxi to get here, but it should be no more than 10-15 min (Vegas traffic contingent).
Here is best place to me and my boyfriend!!! We like to enjoy with spicy food .
That's why we always order shrimp with extra spicy!!!!! And we often order potato with shrimp......  This combo is so fantastic !
We came in for the weekend and stayed at the Rio which a 5 minute cab ride and all I can say is wow...this place is really great. Anyone that eats at a buffet in on the casinos instead if getting out and trying a great local place like this is crazy. We tried just about everything they had but favorite was the head on shrimp and the mussels. The crawfish were kind of undersized so I will stay away from that next time. We had the extra hot and it was perfect--not unbearably hot but it had a great flavor. The only warning I have about this place is that someone doesn't like seafood or the smell of seafood don't bring them with you. This is a must try place in Vegas at a very reasonable price. Oh and the wait staff was very helpful for us first timers
Not too bad of a wait if you get there on the later side. Delicious and MESSY. Be prepared to smell like your food for the rest of the night (Especially if your bearded like myself).
A lover of crawfish and all there is seafood - this is the place to go. Their seasoning is excellent. It may be pricy but totally worth it. The servers are very friendly and are always willing to answer any questions.
You can feast or go light with a Shrimp,  Soft Shell Crab or Catfish Basket.  Very friendly staff of lovelies working the Joint!!
As always Hot N Juicy delivers. I have been here only multiple occasions and have always enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant. Of course the food is what stands out. Delicious fresh seafood in absolutely amazing sauces varying from mild to spicy for the more adventurous types. 

While I usually go in a group we typically start with two pounds of food and add on as we go. I have had the shrimp extra spicy hot n juicy, lemon pepper. The snow crab legs hot n juicy extra spicy. The lobster (mind you it is served whole) hot n juicy extra spicy. A few sides such as sweet potato fries, the sausage and corn on the cob. 

Yes it is a bit of work while eating to de-shell the food, but to me that's part of experience and I don't mind getting my hands dirty (also ask for gloves if you want). I highly recommend this place to seafood lovers or people who just want to have a fun time with dinner. 5/5

-Arnold.
the sauce was really great!
I loves me a good seafood boil. Mainly a crab and shrimp boil. I've never eaten a boil at a restaurant but want reserved because this particular place is well known by many. In our boil, king crab legs, whole Dungeness, prawns, potatoes and corn with the sauce that has a mixture of all the sauces. Ooohh yes! Perfect. My one and only issue...not complaint, was I wish they would've took the helmet of of the Dungeness crab. I.could've enjoyed it more
First timers..We really enjoyed our meal of calamari, fried catfish and snow crab legs mild seasoning of garlic butter. Food was served super hot. Come prepared to get messy if you order the crab, served in a plastic bag and comes with a nut cracker,  pick and paper towels. Towelettes served after. :)
Love the shirmp!!! Lol amazing service. Long wait but I think it was worth it. Will stop by again...
This is a great seafood place. If you're in the mood for something special try this place out. I love the sauces here,  but bit much of butter in some of the sauces so be warned.
We came in on Sunday. It was pretty busy as to be expected. However the service was horrible. Not only was my sons food extremely late but a lot of other peoples good was not out quickly. 20 minutes into my drive home I started throwing up and that didn't stop until a few hours later. My husband also got extremely sick. I'd heard great things about this place but after my experience I will not be coming back. So disappointed...
I've been waiting to try this place because my man loves Crawfish... and I love crab.. SO my brother came to town it was 6 adults and 2 kids. It was the busy part of the evening 6:30 but it makes no excuse for the horrible experience I had. 1.. when you have toddlers or babies at the table please offer lids so we don't have to spill the drinks over every where since the table covers move around a lot. 2..we ordered  2 orders of Crawfish 2 shrimp orders and 1 crab. GUESS WHO'S CRAB NEVER CAME... that's right the guy totally looked at us like we were lying and then asked after everyone was done can I bring you some out now... No you fing idiot my whole party is now done and I don't want everyone waiting on me. NEVER GO AGAIN!!!!! FYI if your servers are hurt with a bad shoulder I'm sure he's on pain killers and sucked as a waiter... I was a manager of a fast sit down food place and I would fire you in a sec if you were my employee......
There is nothing fancy about this spot at all, but it doesn't need to be. The food speaks for itself. Definitely try the hot and juicy sauce, crawfish, king crab and mussels. The shrimp didn't have as much flavor as the others. So put on your bib and gloves and go to work!
This is our seafood spot love the food and sauce that hot and juicy seasoning taste so great! Love the hands on of digging into my bag and enjoying down great seafood. Every time we go no matter time of day we never have to wait to be seated! The service in mediocre they care about speed against quality to each customer. Prices are a bit high. They keep your cup filled. Only thing is they forgot to bring gloves had to constantly  ask for some as u watched them bring out immediately to others.
Good service with well seasoned seafood except for the taste less oysters that I don't recommend to anyone who loves oysters.
That Hot N Juicy seasoning, though... ERMAHGERD, I can't get enough. I put it on everything.

The food is always so good and the staff is super friendly. I went with a group of five last time and we started with a pound per person and added on as needed - it comes out fairly quickly so you're not left waiting too long. ALSO - we had a variety of "spice tolerance" at our table ranging from "I think ketchup is spicy" to "bring the heat, baby!" and everyone ended up happy sharing EVERYTHING. Our waitress was really helpful - and they always are - to make sure everyone got what they wanted (secret - if you want it spicier, get extra sauce on the side!)

Being a desert dweller, seafood is kind of foreign... I always expect it to be super expensive and not be satisfied with the portions. That's not the case here. For what you get, the prices are VERY reasonable and I always have to roll myself on out of there after I've finished gorging.
Wayyy better than boiling crab. Just to start things off. Hot and juicy sauce is the way to go. Must try if you are into seafood. I got the pound of shrimp and snow crab. Well worth it. Believe the hype! 

There was one thing, not that big of a deal but the corn didn't taste fresh and juicy like my experience with boiling crab.
Great food and decent service. The place can get PACKED at peak times. A 45 minute wait is not unheard of. I give this place a slightly higher preference then Boiling Crab. Butter and garlic seasoning is da bomb.
Eat here yesterday for lunch. I had the lemon pepper spicy crawfish and my boo had the catfish basket the food was amazing as usual however we didn't have the best server we asked for gloves 4 times before she brought them. It wasn't that busy. I go only for the food though. I recommend it to anyone who loves seafood and doesn't mind getting messy
Don't charge me $30 for crab legs if you're gonna serve them in a plastic bag. Also, our food took 20 min & the service was pretty slow. Not coming back
Molly was a fantastic server! Never had to ask for anything, always refilled out drinks and made sure we were taken care of! We will definitely be coming back & requesting her as our server!!
I'm from socal, and this is better than boiling crab. The sauce is good, and the girls keep saying I'm hot and juicy I dunno why
Shitty experience
Ok there busy that's ok, ordered food very specifically and it came out wrong, crawfish was good and blue claws were good. Wanted to order more food and was given the check instead. Went to the counter to pay Manager gave me a thumbs up like everything ok said no wanted to order more food and was given a check.
Still hungry... Left beyond dissatisfied, and hungry.
I love this place from the very start. When my came here from the Philippines I brought her here to impress her with good food since I am not a good cook and I didn't failed it becomes her favorite restaurant.
The food was great, our server endearing!  Why the hostess decided to tell management we were "livid" is beyond me.  We were blindsided when our server came to apologize, then angry when management REFUSED to come speak to us to assure our server was great!  Without letting us know our server was clocking out, while we were literally discussing ordering more food, a NEW server came to us with our check!  I guess you have to leave when your servers' shift ends?!  I tried to call and complain to a manager on duty a few days later, I asked if there was some place quiet they could step to in order to keep me from having to shout over the background noise...apparently, that's "just the way it is" according to Jessie, the manager I got.  Three words in, she was already asking me to repeat myself.  Screw it.  You didn't want to speak to me while I was there and you are incapable of hearing over the roar when I call on the phone.  TOTAL lack of professionalism!  The food was GREAT.  The server I was supposedly "livid" with was AWESOME...There are multiple locations...steer clear of this one!
As an Orange County native, I hate to admit it but this Hot N Juicy blows Boiling Crab out of the water!! 

My man and I ordered a pound and a half of shrimp(hot n juicy;medium) 
The shrimp were huge!! They were so full of flavor and the juices just give it that extra kick!! 

My husband ordered a pound of clams and he's not impressed. That's one thing he likes a bit more about boiling crab! But the shrimp there were not as pleasing! 
Seems like the clams were half pound of juice and half pound of clams! 


We will definitely be back here again!! 




Minus
I gave it three stars because the flavor was good!! Crawfish was not fresh I can tell it was frozen and some of the meat was mushy!
One pound of shrimp, 3 beers and a dozen sausages was a perfect meal! Great friends, great food equaled a great time. Worth the wait and I will be back! Lobster, muscles, king crab were the pinnacle to the meal! 
Laura was a great server!
I love hot n juicy, I prefer it better than other crawlfish places! As soon as I walk in, I smell the amazing seafood served here and it leaves my mouth watering. I don't think the corn is fresh, and most of the time I come here the crawl fishes are frozen. 
I always order the one pound shrimp and it leaves me soooo full. Their rice goes great with the shrimp sauce! I love this place.
Okay. So this is quite possibly one of the best places to eat in Vegas.

The food is about as filling as crawfish can be expected to be - but who cares? No one goes there for the filling. They go for the KICKASS flavor!

There are 5 or so levels of flavoring, ranging from basic to complex. There are about as many levels of heat. 

I've eaten here many times and have NEVER been disappointed!
Love this place! People have different taste buds but in my opinion and my husbands, this place is better than boiling crab. Reason being:

Less wait time now that there are 2 locations near each other. yay!

Service: funner happier servers compared to boiling crab.

Cost: a little costly but its seafood, its fresh and so far nowhere else like it. No, not boiling crab either.

Taste: More flavorful spices yet less greasy and heavy compared to boiling crab. That is good enough and convincing to me. I mean come on people, its not featured on Man vs Food on the Food Network for nothing you know.
Where do I begin? I am a little lost for words for this place. Unfortunately, I wasn't a fan of Boiling Crab, so I was looking forward to an improved experience at Hot N Juicy Crawfish. Boy, was I wrong! Since I'm not a fan of peeling shrimps and breaking off the head, I decided to order calamari. I love calamari, so I was looking forward to them; specially after a four hour drive. Unfortunately, my taste buds went through an awful experience. The calamari looked pale, texture was soggy, and undercook! How in the world can you mess up something that goes in the fryer?! Second, the batter had no seasoning and it tasted plain. I was so disappointed, because I really wanted to like this place. However, our waitress was very accommodating and apologized; although, it wasn't her fault. The waitress offered to comp my food and asked if I wanted to order something different. I was very pleased with her customer service, but said no after getting something raw. I was afraid of food poisoning; specially, since I'm in Vegas. 

Great customer service earned this place two stars and their fried shrimp. The fried shrimp tasted fresh and it was fried all the way. In my opinion, they serve better shrimp than Boiling Crab. As for the seasoning, it tasted the same, so don't expect to be wowed. My sister wasn't in the mood to eat seafood, so she ordered chicken nuggets with Cajun fries. The chicken nuggets are not fresh, but frozen, and they taste like they've been in their fridge for weeks. So, parents beware when you take your children to this restaurant. Also, if you're the type of person that likes to wait till everyone is served, your food will definitely get cold here. They don't bring all the entrees at the same time, but what ever comes out faster from the kitchen. I was the last one to be served, so you can only imagine how much I was looking forward to their calamari. Those of you who like different type of hot sauces for your oysters, they only carry Tabasco sauce. I wouldn't recommend this place, but you be the judge!
Spectacular. Bold flavors. Unique experience. Definetly not forgettable. Tried it for the first time last week and going again tomorrow. 

The best 2lbs of hot and juicy shrimp of my life. A must in Vegas !
Went out for a late night dinner with the family and we found this place! the first thing u notice is that mouth watering smell! We ordered shrimp crab legs and crawfish. The oyster are fresh and delicious.Their hot n juicy flavor is very tasty and full of flavor! The servers are really nice and helpful. Great customer service i should say! Everybody is pretty much satisfied after the meal! Will definitely coming back to this place!
Pretty good but felt like crawfish was lacking something. Maybe lack sweetness in the meat or not alot of meat. I dont know what though... good if youve never tried it.
Staff and restaurant... clean, friendly, helpful, don't wear good clothes and certainly not WHITE.  This is a get your hands dirty kinda place.  Can be LOTS of fun if you come with the right people.
The food was pretty good. The sauce had way too much garlic though.
The crab is finger licking good.  We had the lemon pepper crab, fried shrimp and sweet potato fries.  The crab had so much flavor and spice, I really wanted some more.  The fried shrimp was also good, I loved the breading.  I also got a side of potato and corn to go with the crab but I feel like that should come with the bag of crab already since it was so small.  It was like half a corn and a really small potato.
FINALLY!  after seeing this on tv and after going to vegas numerous times...i finally was able to get off the strip and make it over here!  was able to cross this off my list!

we came on a saturday night around 6PM.  there was alotta people outside already.  the wait was only about 40 mins. i expected it to be a lot longer!  

same concept as our infamous boiling crab.  we had the shrimp and the crawfish in the hot n juicy seasoning = our shabang sauce at boiling crab.  to be honest, if i never ate boiling crab i would prob really like this.  i have to say boiling crab wins though.  our flavors are so much more intense!  we had the an order of fries= ok and the wings were ok..they reminded me of the ones from the lunch truck.  prices by pound were a lot more then what we charge here. 

service is pretty good here.  everyone is pretty attentive.  

sorry hot n juicy but boiling crab still holds my heart!
This is my first time coming here and now I wonder why I've never been here. 

I came with a friend and she and I had a pound of shrimp and crawfish both mild and original hot n juicy seasoning. It was soo good and a like spicy but that was pretty spicy for a mild. I definitely will be coming back to try the Dungeness crab and king crab legs. 

The only reason I gave them a 3 star was bc our server wasn't the best. I'm used to having great service, which also makes the experience great and invites you to come back again. When taking our drink order she didn't even let my friend finish before taking off. When she came back to take our order, she seemed more interested looking somewhere else than paying attention. All in all she seemed rushed to take off and it wasn't even busy at all. Slow down and take your time lady.
All I have to say is omg this is a great place to come eat Cajun fries are the best and all food comes by the pound when I saw it on Man Vs food I knew it looked good but it tastes better than what it looks super fast to bring out the food and the service is the best..... if ur in Vegas it's a must!!!
awesooooooome!!!!! ask for noelle!! great service & fantastic food!!
I have dined here many times before but was disappointed today when I brought my 5 year old son in for some snow crab and king crab. Because I was dining with a child I ordered the mild garlic butter seasoning. The sauce was nothing close to mild and almost too spicy for me to enjoy.  I asked why it was a red color (garlic and butter are not red) and the server wouldn't tell me specifics and just said it was a Cajun spice blend. I didn't order the cajon seasoning flavor and from the menu choices, I chose garlic butter thinking that's all it would be. The seasonings should be explained better on the menu.
Wear a short sleeve shirt and leave the jewelry at home. This is a messy, low key, awesomely fun dining experience. I get 3 lbs. of crawfish with hot n juicy medium sauce, once a WEEK. That's how much I love this place. Every time I have friends in town, I bring them here, and I have yet to get a bad review. The staff is friendly, but busy. I always tip well; my drink is always full and they remember me :)  EAT HERE! I don't know what else to say beyond that. Yum!!
I never have complaints at this place. Always nuce n spicy.  Customer service is usually on point. In my opinion far better than the other guys. If you havent chevked them out please do. It is worth the coin.
Well, we waited outside for about 20 minutes because it was so crowded. That's okay, the weather was nice. After we were seated And ordered, it was kind of a long wait but they were busy So I expected it. They brought out my husband's food first,and I had to wait for mine. When mine finally came out the sauce was delicious. I ordered the hot and juicy shrimp. The only thing I didn't like was having to peel the shrimp. But overall had a good time 

I would go back on a less busy night.
Whenever we come here, we are usually never disappointed. The sauce is amazing. I wouldn't be eating seafood if their sauce wasn't included. The crab legs and live Louisiana crawfish are the best items on their list. The price is surprisingly not that bad either. We ordered a pound of shrimp and a pound of crawfish with a bowl of rice and paid 27 bucks. The crab and lobster are obviously more expensive but even then its worth it. Hot N Juicy medium sauce is the perfect heat and flavor. There are other sauces but Hot N Juicy sauce is a combination of all sauces and just has a much better flavor than competitors sauce such as Boiling Crab. Parking is a bit on the downside but they have 2 other locations in vegas with more leg room and car room if you prefer more space.
Saw this place on Man vs. Food and HAD to try it out during our vacation. It's noisy and fun, great service and great food. I'd never been to a place like that so it was fun to get messy. The crawfish were very tasty and filled me up just nice. I'd recommend trying it out at least once for the experience if you've never had it before.
I've driven passed this building thousands of times. I never really noticed it, until I went to New Orleans, and fell in love with crawfish! Then I saw it featured by Adam Richmond, on Man VS Food! I've been wanting to try it, ever since.

Tonight, I was able to try it. I must say my favorite dish is Crawfish Étouffée! I was disappointed that they only offer it, as a side dish.

I had a pound of Crawfish, which was fresh, tasty, but very hard to eat! I found myself struggling to get some meat! 

They serve it in a bag, with no utensils, so don't wear a long sleeve shirt, because it's messy. With that said, be prepared to freeze before getting your meal... I'm not sure why they run the AC so high, but once you dig in to your meal, it will warm you up.  

I would suggest going in there with at least 3 people, and sharing. They offer more than crawfish. They have shrimp, lobster, oysters, and many forms of crab.

They need to clean the bathrooms more! My wife told me the Women's bathroom was a mess, and when I went into the men's room,  I had to stand way back, to not step in pee.

I look forward to going back. Although a few negative aspects of the place, the food is well priced, and delicious. It's the only place in town I've had fresh crawfish... So I have nothing to compare it to. I believe it's the only place in town that has crawfish flown in daily!
Hot n juicy doesn't disappoint,  what's best? Consistency...That's rare in this town. No it's not fancy, but that's what I like, nice place to let loose with the fam. The customer service is decent, as the restaurant gets busy almost every night at around 8pm. 
I recommend the soft shell crab basket and obviously the shrimp, spicy is the way to go!
Food here is mediocre. Nothing special, had the shrimp with their seasoning that has everything (forgot the name) and it was bland. 

I also ordered a fried catfish basket and when all the food was brought out that was missing. Waitress said it'll be out soon. 10mins later I see another waitress give that order to a table that had come in AFTER we did and the waitress still said it was coming. She comes back 15mins later and says it was given to another table by mistake.

Each time I asked her about it, she just seemed to ignore me. 

Only good thing that came out of the meal with my mom was that they didn't charge for the fried catfish after having me wait 30+minutes. Basically, I didn't get it until we had finished our meal.
I searched the food network and found man versus food. I searched for this restaurant. The shrimp was fresh and it was actually tasty. In regards to the cajun fries, it was in "pika." I had ordered the clams and they met the taste the I was looking for. 

I stayed here back in April and the service was inviting since the store closed and they still allowed me to pickup my to go food.
The workers here are very nice and their food here is delicious. We wanted to dine in but unfortunately we got to-go because it was too packed. I was disappointed that it took 45 to get our to-go orders. My advice is to call in and order and just bring it to-go.
The food is phenomenal and the flavor is beyond excellent.. Hot n juicy all the way bay bay
Went to HnJ near Decataur for lunch on May29, 2014.  Coming from Hawaii, we don't get to visit as often as we would like, plus there are so many other eateries in LV that we like to try.  We last ate at this location maybe two years ago - they didn't have fresh dunganess crab or crawfish at that time, so we hadn't gone back since, but after trying the fare at other 'crab' restaurants and not being 'thrilled', we decided it was time to go back to HnJ (we've only been to this location on two previous visits and have never tried the other location down the road in central C-Town).
I guess you can say that my wife and I are crab people - we love to eat good shellfish and don't mind getting 'up to our elbows' while digging-in, shelling, peeling and devouring good/fresh crab or lobster and now fresh crawfish.  We lucked out on this visit - they had fresh live dunganess crab and crawfish.  So in our excitement with this good news, we ordered one dunganess crab (approx. 1.5#); one pound of snow crab (legs cluster); one pound of crawfish; and one pound of clams - all this prepared in their own 'Hot n Juicy' sauce, medium hot.  Add to that two potatoes and two corn and one bowl of rice.  Talk about plenty of food for two people!?  Our server was Joie - all the servers carry some type of 'walkie-talkie' equipment and can call the kitchen to weigh the individual dunganess crab and let you know right there how heavy your crab is, because everything is sold by the pound.  Joie was super helpful; not only in answering our questions and taking our order, but throughout the entire meal - she would continuously come by our table to see how we were doing and if we needed any more drinks or whatever.
Wife ordered a coke and I ordered a beer - they were at our table in a jiff which was great since the outside temp was in the high nineties.  In good time, they brought each order out in double plastic bags - steaming and super hot.  This was my first experience at eating fresh crawfish and after this, I don't think that I can go back to any of that frozen stuff - totally different in texture and taste.  I would definitely order that again.  My wife kept on commenting how everything was so fresh, meaty and tasty, even the snow crab was solid and sweet.  As you probably have read in earlier reviews, there are no dishes or eating utensils, other than those plier-type crab-crackers and plastic shuckers.  Also, they provide plastic bibs and gloves, but if you don't like eating with your hands and getting crab juice on your arms and face, this may not be for you.  Definitely not a 'prom date' restaurant, but they provide plenty of paper towels and handi-wipes to address this messy, barbaric and fun experience. For us on this visit the food was definitely five stars.
But I must add, what made the experience here even more super was the positive atmosphere and overall vibe in this restaurant.  There was another female server and one male server - and I can't help but observe people when I'm out dining.  They both were like our server Joie - super polite (not condescending), always cheery, helping out each other and trying their best to make your HnJ meal a great experience - great food and great service.  We've been to too many restaurants where you have one and not the other; and for us on this day HnJ was tops.
Whoa. Just whoa. I had lunch with a friend here and my stomach was feeling a little funky to begin with. First mistake. 

Service was really neglectful. We had to ask to get our beverage refilled 4 times (we actually only got one refill). Also, we didn't get gloves and it was impossible to flag down someone. 

The "hot and juicy" sauce is disgusting. It's ok (thought kinda overwhelming) going down and horrendous when you're REEKING of it for two days after. That's NOT how Louisianians eat their crawfish.   The only reason this place didn't get a 1 is because of the peel-and-eat shrimp. They were fantastic and reasonably priced.  If I ever go back, I know not to expect much for the service, order two drinks from the beginning, ditch the sauce and get only shrimp.
Disappointing.  The hot and juicy blend was very diluted. Had no flavors what's so ever.
Well I have been hearing about this place and I usually go to the Boiling Crab but decided to come here to see what the hype was all about. First off I should give 3 stars for the service because it could have been better...but they were friendly and apologized about it. 

The food on the other hand was great!! I ordered 4 pounds of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, and dozen oysters. The only complaint was that the oysters were some of the smallest I have seen recently. There are a few sauce options when ordering the crawfish, shrimp, lobster, and crab. I ordered mild with everything mixed together. It was really good. I love crawfish and sometime if they are not cooked right its difficult to peel and these were not they were perfect. 

They played dope music...well according to my liking it was old school hip hop and R&B. All in all had a good experience and would definitely come back!
This place is the bomb!  Crawfish is so tasty.   Service was okay.  We were here at least 4 times when we visited Vegas.   It was that good.
I love the food in this place I've been here 3 times. But all 3 times servers was terrible. Food was great the only reason I gave it 3 stars is because of my servers. Last time I went we ordered rice and it took 45 minutes for the rice to finally be served on our table and everyone else got theirs, we spoke to 3 servers to get a rice. A simple rice. And when we order our servers never seem to pay Attention.
Yummy!!!!!!! I loceeeee thier hot n juicy sauce with their boil shrimp it's so good and so spicy!!! I'm not really big on crawfish at all so I never really eat it or order it when I go there.
Great service and great food. Very friendly even after the volume of people they deal with on a daily basis. Pro's
I was in Vegas with some buddies this past weekend and made it out to Hot N Juicy.  I got a pound of snow crab, pound of shrimp, corn, and potatoes in the hot n juicy medium sauce.  Everything is fairly priced and cooked to perfection.  The sauce is super tasty.  I don't think you can ask for much more.  Ditch the strip and get out to this gem.
I've been looking for a good crawfish spot in LV. This location is small with a small parking lot so come early! 
 
I came around 1 or 2 pm and was greeted by a friendly, fresh faced girl who sat us right away. They didn't put our bibs on for us unlike a lot of places. (it gets kind of uncomfortable having a grown adult help you with your napkin ) they offered gloves to avoid the garlic smell stained to your hands for days!

 We ordered a pound of King Crab and a pound of shrimp with medium hot n juicy sauce. I would say the medium sauce is definitely on the mild sauce so I would go higher if you like a nice kick. The crab was good but one leg seemed like it had been cooking a little too long. The shrimp were big and fresh. 

All in all, this place did well and I will be returning
Wife and had the shrimp and king crab legs....SO good! Gives boling crab a run for their money! The music that they play is awesome too. This will definitely be one of our must-do's every time we go to Vegas.
Fun place to try out. I found the shrimp was a lot better than the crawfish. You just don't get enough meat from the crawfish. Overall the food wasn't really my cup of tea.
Sooo good. First time eating at a Hot N Juicy and must say I will def be coming back. Service is a bit slow, but the food makes it worth it. We ordered the hot n juicy mild seasoning on the crawfish, shrimp, and crab legs and it was delicious. Mild was a bit spicy so I wouldn't go spicier than that.
Love this place!!!  Everything's great but the king crab and snow crab can be a lil too salty sometimes.  If you love  seafood and don't mind getting messy you gotta try this place out!
It's a fun experience. You get your hands dirty & work for your food in a fun way. Very casual place & when you walk in the aromas hit you in the face. 
My first time & it was great! Staff is also very friendly.
We had the hot and juicy hot seasoning and it was incredibly delicious. The customer service was great and the food was out of this world. Parking was hard to come by so we were thankful we got there early. We can't wait to go back.

Perfect spot if you want to go off the beaten path in Las Vegas.
Never get enough of it! Always have shrimps hot N juicy or garlic butter. 5/5! Sweet potato fries is delicious as well. 5/5! My friends always add a corn. I ordered lobster once. 4/5! Lol I don't know how to eat it!! They said they can crack it for you. Crabs are good, my friends' favorite! 5/5! Sausages are optional,  I had them sometimes. 3/5! I have been both places. My friends like it on Decatur 4/5!,  but I kinda like it at Valley View because it is newer, even though there is wired smells and long queue! 3/5!
Its Ok, Not the best But great service and food
We ordered the mixed seafood platter but found that it had been "too" deep fried and therefore too heavy for us. We should have ordered something like a grilled fish. Friends of ours rave about this restaurant so we'll have to try it again and next time be more selective about what we order.
This is the  very popular Phoenix location of a restaurant chain, with 32 locations, 23 of them in Texas.

The faire is mostly Cajun, so gulf type seafood dishes, blackened spices, and Texas size portions are in the norm. This location gets jammed packed, and you will wait 45 minutes if you are there after 6:00pm. They do have a number call system. The mains are solid choices with nice side dishes. This is not high brow food, but it is a good meal and a place to go with friends to drink, laugh and yak, as it gets pretty loud at peak times for anything else.
Wow!  I ordered the Louisiana Blackened Catfish topped with pecan butter and spicy pecans with dirty rice.  The fish was done just right -- succulent, moist and flavorful.  I also had the fried alligator appetizer.  The meat is tender and scrumptous.  If I can eat it, so can you.  Oh, you haven't tasted a roll until you have one from Pappadeaux's.  Hot and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.   

If you're in Phoenix, be sure to make this your top restaurant visit. You won't be disappointed.
I grew up in AZ and still have family there so every trip home going to Pappadeaux's is a MUST!  They have the greatest food and a huge selection even for those who don't like seafood.  They have great Oysters and Jose the oyster shucker is the best!  The staff there is always warm and inviting and even when you have to wait on weekends they have a great live band out on the patio.  It's always packed so I would recommend reservations.  I usually get the steamed muscles and the cedar block salmon which is sooo yummy it's served with asparagus that is the best I have ever had in a restaurant.  If you are going to Phoenix or live there, this place is a MUST!
Just returned from sleep inducing dinner at Pappadeaux's. 

In my stomach: half dozen (actually 8) raw oysters, Pontchartrain fillet, and peanut butter cheesecake. 

Service was A+... luckily Justin (our waiter) was a jovial one. 

Will update next time with details. 

My system will have the sweetest sleep tonight.
Louisiana born Hubby decided he wanted to go to Pappadeaux's for his birthday dinner after we discovered that Barrio Cafe would be closed Monday. The restaurant was unbelievably packed for a random Monday, but I was a tad annoyed that we still had to wait about a half hour to be seated- and that was with a reservation. 

Our waitress was great and got Hubby's requisite Oyster, Crawfish, and Mushroom "Fondeaux" started right away. That kind of chain-y cutesy naming cheesiness makes me roll my eyes, but Hubby is blind to such lameness since Pappa's has a whole empire of similarly named restaurants in Texas (from where he moved to Arcosanti whence I snagged him- but I digress). He also ordered some kind of layered frozen fruity monstrosity that made him positively loopy (in his defense, we're not big drinkers).

After the Fondeaux appetizer, we barely had room for our entrees, so we both have excellent lunches today. I had a mixed seafood grill which had very nicely cooked pieces of scallop, mahi, and salmon together with way too well done shrimp. In apparently some sort of fugue state I also ordered a side of onion rings which I promptly regretted when the platter came out bigger than my head. They were mighty tasty, though, and I have not had much luck before finding really good onion rings (except at Ted's Hot Dogs, of course). Hubby ordered a crawfish platter with fried pieces and etoufee, but the waitress  convinced him to get the triple slam with blackened crawfish as well- and this turned out to be his favorite on the plate. All the portions are gargantuan, so we have to remember next time to share an entree, especially if we need to get the Fondeaux. Which I'm sure we will...
Is there such a thing as orgasm in a bowl?  YES!  Crawfish ettouffee at Pappadeaux!
I had no idea this was a chain restaurant, or I probably wouldn't have gone.  I'm a mom-and-pop snob :}
Anyway, we had a party of 6 and had about a half hour wait.  We had reservations.  It was a beautiful night, so sitting out on the patio was no big deal.  The hostess even came by once during our wait to let us know they hadn't forgotten about us!
I don't usually get fried calamari (I prefer non-fried seafood) but it was light and crispy and the calamari wasn't rubbery at all.
Service was great, too.  We never had to ask to have our glasses refilled.
it's a great place for a date or a group!
Pappadeaux is definitely my favorite restaurant.  The food is to die for! Cajun deliciousness and fresh seafood!  Who could resist?

Things to definitely try:

Oyster & Shrimp Fondue
Mediterranean Calamari
Shrimp Brochette
Pasta Mardi Gras
Crawfish Bisque
Mussels
Blackened Opelousas
Desserts?  Where do I begin???  Sweet potato pecan pie ala mode, carrot cake cheesecake, creme brulee, bread pudding, banana pudding, all are good!  The list goes on. 

They also have yummy cocktails, including the famous Swamp Thing.  It's a fru fru girlie's drink and pretty sweet and potent.  If you like that sort of thing give it a go!

Things to note:

If you are on a diet forget it, there is nothing lite on the menu. 

They have a happy hour M-F and a live band on the patio on Friday/Saturday.  

The service is almost always good and the interior is warm and inviting.
Pappadeaux and Mammadeaux too~ This place is kicken for Happy Hour Mon-Fri 3pm to 6pm with crazy good food at great prices. Start off with the Blackened Oyster Fondue (under $10), Cold Boiled Shrimp (under $5), Fried Alligator (under $5) and a tall Blue Moon or Swamp Thing! The place packs up around 5ish and the Happy Hour prices only apply to the bar area. A band plays every Friday starting at 6. Good times!

The main restaurant is a great place for groups, however, can be a little loud for intimate dates. The menu is extensive with a lot of great choices.  Check out the website for menu details.
Whatever the crawfish thing is I get every time I go there is, it's so freekin good.  

I like sitting in the bar better than in the actual restaurant part where the tables are crammed in and there's probably kids running around them.  

A little too commercial feeling for me to give it 4 stars, but I'll still go there for some dang good crawfish.
Had lunch here with my wife today. It's the second time I've been and her first. After my first visit it rocketed into my top five favourite restaurants of all time. They have some top notch food, and the best thing is that it's such a deliciously welcome change from the bottom-feeder's Mexican crap that you see all over Phoenix. The menu is varied and I think I eventually will want to try everything. Appetizers include fried alligator and frog's legs. The main I had today was their Mardi Gras Pasta, which is linguini with tomato, thin-sliced garlic, andouille sausage, crawfish meat, onion and delicious shrimp topped with a really nice creamy sauce. Absolutely delicious. The wife had mahi-mahi with an even NICER sauce, and dirty rice on the side. Although a tiny bit on the pricy side it's definitely worth coming back to. Large open seating (outdoor seating also available), dimly lit, old-style jazz, a large full-service bar and a very quaint outside waiting area with water feature, giant fans etc. The service was also great and both times I've been, the waiters have been very helpful (the first guy told me that if I got the large serving of alligator, to try it 'half-blackened' - a great tip which allowed me to taste both 'styles' of the appetizer). They also have things I've not heard of before like etoufee and opelousas. If my dad didn't live over seven thousand miles away I'd take him here in an instant - he'd absolutely love the place. You will too.

Oh yeah, they have creme brulee (with fresh fruit) and sweet potato pecan pie, amongst other things, for dessert. We had the latter - yum.
For being a chain restaurant, Pappadeaux is pretty good.  For an appetizer, I usually have the Blackened Shrimp & Crawfish Fondeaux or the Lump Crab & Spinach Dip;  both are luscious and come with French bread.  My two favorite entrees are the Crawfish Etouffee with white rice and the Pontchartrain Panbroiled Fillet.  My adult beverage of choice is the Swamp Thing.  I do not know what is in it but it is quite tasty and pretty to look at (Yes, I'm a girl!).  I have never had dessert;  have always been too full.  However, my sister and nephew swear by the banana pudding which is served in a Mason jar (Ick!).

The only real draw back  to Pappadeaux is the wait for a table.  No matter when I have gone, the wait has always been at least an hour.
The hubby suggested Pappa's for dinner last Friday, during a rare and precious weekend without any kids. He had been craving it since a recent layover in Houston - he killed time between connecting flights with oysters and beer. I happily agreed, since this is a place that never disappoints, yet I rarely think of it. 

The wait was quoted at 50-60 minutes, but we quickly found a couple seats at the bar. In nearly no time, we had a couple of good beers and a dozen oysters were being shucked in front of us. Yum... so big and meaty, with a really clean taste. There's no room for wimpy horseradish here, either, just the really good, strong stuff. 

We were seated pretty quickly afterwards. Kudos to the staff, for immediately moving us (corner table, drafty and too close to wait station) to the inner tables, by the oil lamps. It's a dark, kind of romantic atmosphere. The service was excellent, very friendly, timely and efficient. Overall, I always like the ambiance. 

Ah, the food. Hubby usually goes for fried fried with a fried, which has a good beer batter. I went for the single crabcake on a bed of crawfish. I'd order the double cake, but I can barely finish one! It's so good though. Topped with fried sweet potato garnish, the crabcake is thick, buttery, and full of lump crab meat. The light breading (probably panko) is very complimentary, and the crawfish... oh my, I could eat a pound of crawfish by itself (which is no longer on the menu, sniff sniff) but this crawfish is shelled and lightly sauteed in a buttery sauce with a hint of lemon. I will admit, it was a littel saltier than usual, this time, but not overly salted. I also had their wedge salad, but had to send first one back when it came with the carrots I had asked them to omit. The replacement salad came with croutons (which the first did not have), which I just picked off. It was a decent wedge salad - it's hard to screw that up. 

This rich dinner left no room for dessert, but if there were, I would have gone for the key lime pie. Theirs is very good. Or maybe the bread pudding... yummy! 

A very nice outing with my sweetie. Every meal I've had here, including happy hour, has been great, whether it is a simple dinner or special occasion. We will definitely be back.
Okay so we just  went to New Orleans for our mini food eating tour. We still crave those interesting seafood /spice/ over the top flavors. 
So Pappadeaux will do!  or is it deaux?  We hit the seafood here a couple times  a year. It may be  a chain but it feels unique to us. 
And we love oysters on the half shell. 

Strangely the place was not packed no waiting at 6:00 pm on a Friday night. 
We started with  oysters on the half shell , tasted fresh and not gritty.

My husband had the Blackened Catfish Opelousas With oysters, shrimp & crabmeat in a lemon garlic butter sauce with dirty rice.
I had the  Texas Redfish on the Half Shell Creole roasted tomatoes, long stem artichoke hearts & capers in a light brown butter sauce.

Both were great but the catfish was the tastier. 

My husband fell for the Turtle Brownie which was the downfall of the evening too sweet, too turtlely, oh well.  

Great service , maybe the best we have had there.  Why four star not five.   Although it tasted great, we had better in New Orleans !
I have been around Phoenix for about 4 years and today was one of the saddest days of these 4 years... I realised today that I was so close but so far away from an amazingly delicious kitchen of Pappadeaux Seafood for those 4 long years... wish somebody had told me about this place earlier and I would have spent at least a double dozen nights at Pappadeaux while I was in Phoenix... what an amazing place !

We started with a bowl of "Louisiana" Seafood Gumbo... yummmm... spicy and so tasty ! ... (those who don't go for spicy food should stay a yard away from it... it was really spicy... as in Indian Vindaloo spicy... ) ... I felt like I could have easily had a couple more of that gumbo... :)

Shrimp Creole With white rice and Crawfish Etouffee With dirty rice followed that gumbo... both of these were so mouth watering... a perfectly cooked Crawfish with rice so close to Jambalaya, it was probably the best seafood I have had after my last visit to New Orleans...

The place carried a very nice, relaxed ambiance with light jazz in the background... our server was very soft spoken and knew her way through the menu and preparations... I don't think this place gets crowded easily as it could sit, to my guess, 5 times more number of guests that an averagely large restaurant... 

Overall, definite 5 stars for variety, taste, ambiance and service... be it a family or a romantic one on one dinner, this place is just too awesome !
this restaurant has really good quality seafood. the menu is large. the restaurant is large, romantic and has a separate bar area. it's very pretty and classy on the inside, but not snooty, meaning you can go casual and relax. the food has always been good especially the catfish. the prices are ok.  they're generally anywhere from $11-$15 for a really nice meal. of course there's pricier choices depending what you're getting.  it's a great atmosphere especially for a romantic date. the only downside, IT'S ALWAYS PACKED WHETHER YOU GO THERE FOR LUNCH OR DINNER. IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT DAY OF THE WEEK. IT'S ALWAYS SUPER BUSY. if it's an especially busy nite like a friday or saturday, they will give you a pager. sometimes the wait is over 1 hour. alot of those people go to fridays directly next door for cheaper drinks then go back to pappadeaux when it's gets closer to getting a table.
My hubby and his friends are huge fans and they took me there 2 days ago for dinner.

Disappointed, I would say.  To me, it is just another Cheesecake Factory restaurant NOT in terms of food portion but the style: noisy, dark, crowded.

For those of you who have never been to Pappadeaux, I still think you should go experience.  Try especially the dirty rice.  Would I go back?  Probably not.   I just hate talking to people by yelling and being not able to see the food clearly.
Oysters.  They have them.  I like them.

Cheers
Until then, get the beers in...
Setting:  Dimly lit, nice for dates.  Very clean.  There is another room for bigger parties.  Nice bar for just to hang out and watch a game.

Food:  Yum!!!  Had the steamed Maine lobster.  For less than $20 it was very very good!  Meaty too.  They give you the whole lobster, complete with thick juicy claws.  Oh, and the Greek salad was very very good as well.  Highly recommended for big groups.  Finally, the fondeaux is also very tasty.  Although it's a bit think on the cheese.  But hey, if you like cheese, this is the appetizer for ya.

Service:  Awesome folks, we had a cool waitress.  So sorry we made you take pictures of us and you almost fell off the table!  :(  But she was a great sport.  Very helpful, very nice.
The unyielding devotion to this chain (which is a half step above Bubba Gump's) is quite amazing, but they truly live up to their good rep.  I had a great time here.

I have family in Texas that rave about this chain, so when I when I drove by this one in Phoenix, I knew I had to check it out.  And as fate would have it, a friend decided to bring me here for happy hour.  We were on a mission to try the Category 5.  This is a blended drink which combines a house Margarita with a Hurricane.  This won't knock you out like a Hurricane, but it definately packs a punch.  What kind of punch you ask?  The one that let's you think that ordering FRIED Calamari (with artichokes), FRIED catfish (I think) and FRIED Alligator is a good idea.  

Yeah, I said it.  "FRIED GATOR".

Yes, it tasted like chicken, and it was delicious.  I think after a Category 5, they could have fried up the sole of a shoe and I would have liked it.  This place has great ambiance, and a good fun, festive vibe.
So good.  But, be warned - it's expensive!  Four entrees, two appetizers and a couple of beers totaled nearly $180.00.  Our server, while a bit confused, was charming and likeable.  The food was delicious.  We tried the fried alligator (a first for me) and I'm hooked.  I also got a tilapia fillet that was cooked perfectly with a delicious sauce and side dishes.  I'll go back, just maybe not while we're still in a recession.
I'm allergic to seafood/fish. So I could very well be disqualified for reviewing this restaurant. However! And its a big however! They have the yummiest banana pudding this side of the Mason-Dixon line! Where is that by the way??!! LOL! Seriously, it comes served in a Mason jar and if you don't finish it all ( I never do), they give you the lid to close it up and take it home! I guess I could share it....but noooo!!

Natalie's F*#! the Recession Item:
BROILED CRAWFISH w/ Potatoes & Corn only $3.95 per 1.25lb
Wednesday & Thursday Only. March 4 thru April 30
After 5pm Dine In Only
Love Pappas for happy hour.  Love to go when the Texas Gulf oysters on the half shell are CHEAP!  The go for $3.95/doz.  LOVE THAT!  Love the Caesar salad.  Oh, we never eat in the restaurant anymore.  I've done that 3 or 4 times (been there 30+ times) and I've always had horrid service.  It's like they have tons of hostesses and servers standing around.  Very friendly with each other.  But no one can come to the table and refill drinks, get more bread...whatever we need - nope.

So the bar is where we eat.  At the bar or in the booths.  Almost always get good service there.  

The bread is so yum when it comes out really fresh.  It's good when it's an hour old too:)  The butter is cold and so great and has always been fresh for us too.

Love the fondue.  So rich and fattening.  Fun to find oysters hidden in there.  

Beers are cold.  Not a good selection of wine.  Don't go for girlie drinks but I see a lot of other folks enjoying them.

Catfish is fantastic!  Dirty rice - YES!  Pasta Marti Gras is mighty fine.  There are other good things.  Try them.

Sweet potato pie is ridiculously good!

Price is alright.  

Like sitting outside with groups for live music.  You may not have entrees out there though.  Only drinks and apps.  Fun though.

We go mostly for the Texas Gulf oysters on the half shell, when in season.  Oh my goodness!
the Greek house salad....... is friggin delish!  

lots of different offerings from the sea........ lakes and rivers too!

haven't had the gumbo or etouffes...... but i hear they're pretty decent.

the most recent visit consisted of:
Greek salad
Grilled Costa Rican Tilapia Lafayette
Blackened Catfish Opelousas
Oven Baked Stuffed Tilapia

everyone was happy with their food...... but i am guaranteeing i will b gettin the blackened catfish opelousas next time!
Went last Friday at 4:30.  They were so busy.  We couldn't find a seat in the bar at all.  The entire bar and bar booths were all filled up.  We sat outside.  It was great weather. 

Service was not good.  Two female servers took a long time to get orders taken and seemed to relish in being able to say what we already knew (and were okay with)... you can only order appetizers and drinks out here.  Yea, we knew that.  

So we ordered 2 ceasers, 2 doz. oysters, mini fondue, fried pickles.  We loved it all.  The table was small, and the server didn't like to pick up any empty plates.  Even when she could, she'd just hold up what was coming and watch us move empty plates around and then smash the new ones on, walking away satisfied.  

The raw Texas Gulf oysters tasted wonderful, but this new presentation thing they are doing is not.  The individual oysters came wedged in a mountain of crushed ice.  This method made bits of shell get into the little cup of oyster meat.  Almost every oyster had shell and when they used to come all flat, they never had shell.  I hope they stop piling them like this.  

The horseradish sauce was nice as always, as well as the cocktail sauce, but this watery/oily juisce that they've begun serving with it also stinks.  It's like Italian dressing.  Why?  I don't get it.  

Still going back again.  Like the price and those oysters (even with the shell).
Pappadeaux used to have this oreo cookie mousse dessert thing

It was the best dessert ever in this world.  Ever.

Then they stopped carrying it.  So now I won't go back.  I protest Pappadeaux!
Lived in Houston for a few months, and we developed a love for the Pappas family of restaurants. Pappasitos is the best of the bunch, I wish they'd send a chain out to AZ!

We've been to this location twice, and probably won't go back because it is such a schlep! As usual, we sat in a booth near the bar. Both times we ordered the Lobster seafood salad with the dressing on the side. It was fairly large salad, but the lobster was minimal. The shrimp were nicely sized, and cut into decent pieces. However, the scallops were practically diced causing an unfortunate change in texture. I guess we were expecting too much because of our love for their sister restaurant!
Well we made the mistake of going here on a Friday night at about 7pm.  This place was packed.  Strange considering the average price of a dinner is around 20 bucks.  But we decided to try anyways.  I have been here before but that was maybe six years ago. 

Upon arrival we went to the hostess table and she told us there would be a two hour wait.  She said that if you wait for a table in the bar you can get one of those tables first come first serve.  So we took a number and hung out in the bar.  About 20 minutes of waiting in the bar we got two seats at the bar.  Lucky.  The bar staff is very friendly and very fast considering this place was absolutely packed!    

We ordered two of the specialty drinks called the swamp thing!   they were damn tasty.  I don't know how much alcohol is in one but that's all I needed for the rest of the night!  We also ordered some fried alligator as an appetizer.  The alligator taste like a  cross of fish with a chicken texture.  It is very tasty! The presentation was also nice not messy or greasy.  We then ordered our dinner.  

She got the Shrimp Etoufee and I got the Pontchartrain Fish.  The shrimp etoufee came in a smoky sauce with dirty rice.  The Pontchartrain was the fish of the day which was tilapia and had shrimp and crab meat in a butter sauce with dirty rice.  The food is outstanding!  Portion size is fantastic and food served hot and fresh.  The fish has no fishy taste or smell to it.  Its as if it came off the boat and served in your plate.  

Overall I say two thumbs way up!  For an expensive dinner this place is worth it.  Date night yes, want to surprise the family with some creole food YES!   

Only thing I would say is that come early and hungry! Also if it is date night the bar is the way to go.  You don't even have to get alcohol you can get a soda and order food.
I've been to this restaurant more than a few times and am rarely disappointed. 

On most occasions I sit at the bar with one or two friends. They have a great atmosphere, decent happy hour, and well trained bartenders. I have never had a "slow service' problem eating here, but then again I rarely sit at the tables. 

It gets busy pretty much EVERYDAY not just on weekends so if you are going with a big group or even just a few people and are gonna want a table, I would recommend calling ahead. 

I would have to say their best deal is when their oysters are on sale for something like 4 buck a dozen. They aren't the most premium oysters (out of season) but still pretty good, especially when they are at a bargain price. Try their blue cheese chopped salad its great, they have some kind of special blue cheese dressing that is something to brag about.
Let me start by saying the crawfish ettouffee was the best I've had in a long time! The food itself should probably get 4 stars, however, our service was just plain bad, so I'm just going with 3 stars.

The outside patio area was really nice and they had live music and a bar outside.
I will leave California just to eat here! I ate at the Phoenix location first and then I went to Atlanta and it was just as good!!
I even had fried frog legs and they were excellent! So far everything I tried was very good and they also give you plenty to eat.
They didn't have any LOUISIANA BACK BAY BAYOU BUNNY BORDELAIS A' LA ANTOINE though. :-)
Just had dinner here tonight and absolutely loved it.  I had raw oysters, boiled shrimp, salad, and prime rib with asparagus.  Everything was superb and perfectly timed. 

A young man named Steven waited on our table and took excellent care of us.  


The one complaint I have is that there was no hot water in the men's rest room.  I hope that the restaurant is not trying to cut costs, especially considering the many menu items that require eating by hand.
I'm having a real hard time writing a review for this restaurant. I want to write a great review, but I don't wanna use the words "superb" or "excellent" when describing the food, and I don't wanna say the service was "friendly" since all of these are overdone. So let me give this a shot: 

Upon walking inside I'm greeted with "The Saints Go Marching In" playing in the background and the aroma of some great food being served. The four of us go to the auxiliary bar (4 stools inside, main purpose is to drink up the patio guests) and have a seat and order drinks from our lovely waitress. Her timing was right on the button with EVERYTHING as drinks were always full and there was no lull between courses. 

As for the food, WOW. For the appetizer I went with an order of the Lotsa Shrimp. One dozen cold boiled shrimp (whatever cold boiled means) served with cocktail sauce mixed with fresh horseradish. Boy let me tell you that puts every shrimp cocktail I've had between San Francisco and New York to shame. Just the right amount of kick to it, but not the same old lame old. 

For the entree I had the Pasta New Orleans. Overall just an explosion in Cajun flavoring going on in my bowl. A wonderful blend of linguine, crawfish, sausage, mushrooms, and jumbo shrimp mixed in with a creamy yet spicy marinara sauce. And unlike every other place that skimps on the fish, you will not be disappointed here. Portions here are big, so bring an appetite. 

I hate writing lengthy reviews, (yes this is lengthy to me) but this place deserves it. One of the best meals I've had in a long time as far as value for the meal, overall presentation of the meal and restaurant, and just an overall well trained and attentive staff. 

I normally don't drive west of the 51 freeway, but I'm looking for reasons to do so now.
From the moment I stepped up to the Pappadeaux !
Aarrgghh! I feel like a Pirate inside the restaurant. I love the atmosphere! 
It is not my first time but I thought it was time for me to give a review. I asked to go for my birthday. Did not disappoint as usual. 
The hot loaf of bread with butter is always a good start to get my taste buds going. Of course, I fill up too much on it to get to dessert. 
My hubby and I normally start with a dozen of raw oysters and they have been consistently fresh and briny. Then we have a few appetizers as our meal. The frog legs have been great and have a light spicy kick. The Fried calamari is light, crunchy and not over fried (like the addition of the artichoke hearts mixed in with the calamari). 
This time I had the Costa Rican Tilapia Lafayette. It was perfectly done (I hate over cooked fish) and the sauce was plate lickin' good. My hubby had the Pasta Mardi Gras and he gave it the thumbs up. I gave it a taste and it was very flavorful with the Andouille sausage and in a very rich cream sauce. 
We'll be back soon so I can try more items off the large menu!
Let me take you on a journey through time, about 6 years ago I was introduced to this Cajun temptress! My brother called and said "I found a place with all you can eat lobster"! I said "WTF? Are you serious"? All you can eat LOBSTER! We immediately made plans to go. It was the beginning of summer just about dusk on a Friday. We arrived and entered the brick courtyard I call it. The had a live band playing really good happy jazz, they had fans and misters going. There's a fountain it's funky and fun so we didn't mind the wait to get in. We had some drinks and decided to try some appetizers. It was a large group of us mind you. We tried the alligator, mussels, oysters on the half & some seafood fondeaux. My fav is the gator. Yummy my niece who was 2 at the time ended up eating a full order of the alligator herself. 

I think our table ate about 40 lobsters! We asked our server "what is the most anyone person has eaten at one time"? We thought 9 or 10 we were wrong 18 was the magic number. Holy melted butter batman that's a lot of crustacean for one person! I have never had a bad meal at Pappa's. 

I don't really care for the fried selections at Pappa's. Main courses that is catfish, shrimp and other fish for example. The coating or breading or whatever you want to call it isn't very good to me. 

Some of my fav's are as follows: 

Fried Alligator (the breading is different) 
Andouille sausage and seafood gumbo 
The dirty rice! 
Crawfish Etouffee 
Shrimp Creole 
The seafood grill 
Pasta Mardi Gras! 
Mahi Maribella 
Steaks - yes I did say steaks normally I would not recommend ordering a steak at a seafood restaurant, do it here they are wonderful. 
Banana pudding (served in a mason jar) Love it! 
Sweet potato pecan pie YA-HUM! 

The last time I was here I had the Mahi with broccoli and just let me say that was the best broccoli I had ever had! Ever! It was huge bright vibrant green and perfectly steamed and buttered! It was outstanding! 

The have a great happy hour from 4 to 6:30 Mon - Fri. 

You will pay a little more here but it is so worth it! I put the $ mark at 11 to 30 per person, depending on what you get. it is probably closer to 45 a person when you add in drinks and an appetizer. My recommendation go with a group of friends everyone order different items and share. You won't be disappointed.
After writing the review the other day I had a taste for Pappa's. So I went last night and YA-HUMMEE! I tried something new the Hudson platter and this baby did not disappoint! Perfectly grilled scallops, 2 succulent and sweet lobster tails, 4 huge shrimp brochette. If you are not familiar with shrimp brochette it is shrimp stuffed with Monterey jack cheese and a sliver of Jalapeno, wrapped in bacon and char -grilled. DELICIOUSNESS! It is served with the fabulous dirty rice and sauteed green beans all for are you ready for this wait for it 22.95! 

I also indulged in sharing a little pecan sweet potato pie with Hagen daas vanilla ice cream and bourbon sauce. WOOHOO! FYI all deserts purchased until July 26th will have a portion of the proceeds go to a local food bank! 

Dinner last night was sooo freakin good I may be back tonight! Bon Appetite
Chains are usually very predictable, usually on the negative side. However I find Pappadeaux probably from a quality and consistancy standpoint, the very best. I was reminded again today at lunch having a seafood gumbo and half a shrimp po boy which could be a whole sandwich anywhere else. Dinner is also great but can get rather pricey especially for a chain. However despite of that, it's worth going back. Just save your pennies for your next taste treat.
Never been here before...never even heard of them actually, until this recent biz trip down to Phoenix.  For being a "chain" restaurant, boy were they good!  Everything tasted extremely fresh and the quality of the seafood was wonderful.   I was accompanied by two of my co-workers with all very different palates.  We each ordered something extremely different from the other and all you heard was the sound of us chowing down.  One colleague got a salad which she devoured...said it was fresh, not too little/much dressing, etc.  My other colleague ordered the crab legs and she loved every last bite...tore it all up.  I ordered a tuna dinner item...don't remember the name...but it was a special item they had that evening and it was divine.  The mashed potatoes were so fluffy...loved it all.  I also ordered the banana pudding for dessert and was a complete pig...and ooooMG was it worth it.  It was layered so well and served in a keepsake mason jar...very cute.  Anyhow, it beat my mom's banana pudding which is one of the many foods I would eat before death...!  SO, I couldn't believe how delicious everything was.  Additionally, the service was SUPER prompt and the young woman who was our server was extremely courteous and efficient.  Would definitely return again!
Seafood is so fresh here! And cooked to perfection.Surprisingly this place is affordable too. Makes red lobster look like a mc donalds in terms of quality.
It is no New Orleans but the food was surprisingly decent for a chain restuarant.  The seafood was fresh and cooked well.  I had the halibut with the Diablo sauce.  They are great with mixing and matching sauces and fishes.  We also ordered a dozen raw oysters and oyster pappadeux.  There are hints of southern style cuisine such as dirty rice, crawfish sauce, and any seafood you like fried.  As for actual taste, I didn't get much southerness from the flavors.

The second time, we got the seabass and two of us got the all you can east lobster. The seabass was cooked well and the sauce was tasty. The lobsters came with dirty rice as the side and it was pretty good. The lobsters are a good decent size and good quality lobsters. I finished 5 of them and the other finished 9 of them. I think eating 3 would be good. i cant say it is necessarily a good deal because it is just eating too much lobster unnecessarily. The time in between each round of new lobster fluctuated a lot and the service was just decent.
I acually always go here with my mother who absolutly loves this place!  I think the service is great and the food is really delicious!  I am a fan of spicey food, and they totally meet the standard here.  I like everything about this place, I only give it a 4 star rating because the menu is too freaking huge!  I never know what to get since there are so many creole and cajun dishes and they use lingo more native to like Loiusiana, so I don't know what it means.  But all in all a great experience every time.  My mother even chose this place to go to after her wedding.  So cute mom!
We were in Glendale for a friend son's football game and it was lunchtime, so my husband asked me to check out Yelp for restaurants near us. 
I really love the iPhone app, I sorted my bookmarks and Pappadeux was the closest.

My husband ordered a chicken pasta dish (not in the mood for seafood), our friend a Cajun combo plate and for me the fried crawfish/etoufee.

Everyone enjoyed their food, our friends really liked the dirty rice. My dish was absolutely delicious, the etoufee sauce was smoky/spicy and very flavorful and I as well loved the dirty rice The fried crawfish was ok, nothing special. The loaf of bread before dinner was warm and crispy, very good. The kids menu didn't had much for my 17 mo/old son,most  everything was fried  (he doesn't  like fried food much...I know, he didn't got that from me;) but he filled up on bread and the crackers they had at the table. The waiter was very nice and prompt, although it took a while for our food to come out.

We have friends from New Orleans who are great cooks and they enjoyed the food here as well.

I'll definitely will come back for the dirty rice and crawfish etoufee.
Staff was wonderful!  Waiter went the extra mile to get us waters to-go as he found out we were tourists heading out to Sedona for a hike.  During happy hour, bartender was extremely courteous.  When we wanted to move to a booth, she not only helped us bus the table herself personally, but she also continued to bring extra ice teas.  I really miss the service at Pappadeaux.  If only all restaurants give the same experience.  As for the food, order the Happy Hour Fondeaux, cheesy wine butter crawfish and shrimp delight.  Half dozen Oysters for $4.99!
I love this restaurant. Whenever I'm in Phoenix for work, I make sure I stop by. The service is wonderful and the food is pretty damn good. I love the soft shell crabs with a load mashed potato. I've also tried the Alaskan King Crab, Lobster, and Salmon and Pappadeaux never dissapoints. They sometimes have specials for a half dozen oysters for only $5. 

I'm from Los Angeles and I wished they tore down all the Red Lobsters and Joe's Crab Shacks and opened a couple of these restaurants closer to home.
We came came for a schmoozing from a corporate client. It worked. 

We had the Mediterranean Calamari for apps. They were really good, I like the deep fried artichoke. 

I had lobster bisque, it was really creamy and had great flavor. 

The lunch was a halibut fillet sandwich and dirty rice. The rice was perfectly seasoned and fluffy. The halibut was cooked perfectly and was a very nice size. It was flaky and not dry at all. 

The building was really neat, I think a nice outside happy hour would be great in mid to late October. 

The service was perfect, not over pretentious or up on you the whole time.
Can't go wrong. Great atmosphere, wonderful food and great service. Really fun outdoor area and a large comfortable indoor space. Food is not overly spicy (which unfortunately seems par for most "Cajun" restaurants). 

Very tasty and while not exactly cheap, it's more reasonable than you might expect given the quality and amount of food you get.  Nice bar area too.
Pappadeaux is good but it had the feel of a worn-down Red Lobster.  This is not to say the food was not good, but that was the impression that I felt.

I have had the jambalaya and the etoufee here and both were adequate, though I had to douse on the Tabasco to truly make the flavor something I desired.  I would recommend this place to somebody interested in a casual happy hour or a family who wants to eat their fill as the quantity was quite large.
I really love this place!! Nothinglike a fun Sunday meal with my family to make me love it even more. We stuffed ourselves with delish catfish, fried shrimp , and tasty hazelnut Mahi. Service from Rocky was 
really fast , effiecient without that fake cloying attitude. Felt like we were
the center of the restaurant. Funny how things like fast drink refills, quick service and welltime plate removal can do that.  
And here is the kicker of the evening ..I know have ordered or tasted every dessert on thier dessert tray, scary but true. Did you know that three of their desserts are made fresh there the rest including cheesecakes are made in Texas and brought in. I got the fresh Brulee  . yummy.   Can't wait to go back.
There was a 7lb lobster in the tank! OMG! We only get to Pappas once a year so we definitely ate a lot of food. During happy hour i had a delicious cocktail, the cajun fonduex, and the gator. I was full before i even ordered the entree but, i still got one anyway. We ordered the Hudson Platter, The Shrimp Brochette and the fried catfish. Everyone loved the shrimp but i thought it was too cheesy, and i love cheese. The fried fish and hudson platter were the bomb, especially cold the next day. I can't wait to return next year!
My team of 54 people left well fed and commening on how effecient and friendly the wait staff were. With our large group they worked with us on price and selection. Way too much food in the end. The shrimp brochette over tender and spicy dirty rice- excellent. I hated the fact that I ate soo much of my key lime pie but even though I was bursting at the seams I couldn't help myself. Good food. Good service. Very pleasant atmosphere.
Father-in law was in town and felt like some seafood. I thought nowhere better to take this out of town-er than Pappadeaux's.. My husband and I have eaten a few times here for lunch and everytime it's been out of control good. We arrived friday night, no waiting needed. 

We sat in the back and ordered drinks, and a medium size gator app, yes as in alligator. My margarita was very sweet, felt like they added a cup of sugar in it, and it came in a fu/fu glass. The gator was good, but too small for three people. 
Wait staff was very nice and explained that the fish flys in fresh daily, and went into detail of the dishes we were going to order. I ordered the Marti Gra.. My husband and his dad got some seafood array?? not sure of the name.. but it looked good. My main dish came and woohoo... it was slammin good. It had crawfish, sausage, shrimp over a bed of creamy pasta.. it was so good, I could only eat 1/4 of the bowl. The portion sizes are pretty big. By the way there bread is baked daily and is so good, they serve a loaf of it for an app, if you eat the whole thing you can ask for another. (Very Good stuff) 

Anyways.. always fantastic food, if you have visitors from out of town that like seafood I would recommend this place... Lunch is cheaper, around $12-16 a plate.. Dinner from $15-35.
Worth coming in here at least just for the $3.95/dozen oysters! Steal of a deal!

Albeit I came for a late Sunday dinner, I shall count the ways why this place is bomb diggity:

- SUPER warm fresh french bread roll upon being sat
- Did I mention a dozen oysters for $3.95?!
- A bigass piece of delicious tilapia that was still good as a leftover lunch
- Cajun shrimp creole- definitely worth trying
- Excellent service: helpful, informative, efficient, and not overbearing at all

Well worth a visit!
Holy Moly! This food is sooooo yummy! I came here while on vacay in Phoenix with a group of people. The restaurant is pretty huge and it was PACKED! Good thing we had reservations! We started off with the oysters, which I thought were tasty (though I'm no expert). Then we had the coconut shrimp, which was awesome! The breading was very tasty! Then I had the scallops which were phenomenal! So melt-in-your-mouth with a little kick to them! Finally we had to have the sweet potato pie. Holy Smokes did it ROCK! This is an absolute must try! The key lime pie was also good (not too sweet). This restaurant has quality food and quality service.
Been on our to-try list for months, and we finally made it.  Sorry, we won't be hurrying back

First, order two glasses of wine at a time.  That way, you'll get one decent sized serving.  Had the catfish po-boys.  Huge, but something was lacking.  We just didn't think much of the sauce, kind of a strange flavor for Nawlins, which is where I go to compare po-boys.  We would have been happier with a smaller sandwich, if it had some flavor.  Or I would have ordered a catfish plate, but how can you eat catfish without hush puppies?

Service was like the food - just ok.  And someone said the place was tired.  Yep, my take as well.  But 8 glasses of wine out of a bottle?  And not cheap wine either.
Disclaimer: for a weekend night the parking lot was beyond a nightmere...imagine the mall on Saturday December 23rd.  We actually saw a guy steal a spot and then just about get into a fist fight over it, THEY WERE OUT OF THEIR CARS PEOPLE!  FYI, with a little patience we found a great spot close to the enterance.  

For a chain....this place is AWESOME!  First of all the garden and fountains had me 100% even if the food had sucked (which it didnt).  Live music and cocktails while sitting in lush foliage with the sound of running water and the beauty of sparkling light made the 2 hour wait worth it (it was friday night, I've been told its not that bad on other days).  You pretty much HAVE to try the Spamp Thing cocktail....its the strongest bomb pop you'll ever drink.   We also sampled a strawberry peach cooler and a 'catagory 5', also fantastic.  

Our server was great.  Charles Chester  was double sat but did an awesome job of making us feel as though we were his only table.  The general atmospher is very southern bayou with dim lighting and gas lamps, pretty unique for phoenix even if it might be considered cliche.  And listen here ladies, that flickering gas light does WONDERS for the complextion!   

Alligator bites, eh....but the Lousiana Talipia I had served with green beans and spagetti squash was SOOOOOO GOOOODDD!  Plus I added a garden salad (which was huge....I actually ate very little of my meal due to this) for 2.95.  Where do you see THAT price anymore??  My dinner partners enjoyed a blackened talipia with dirty rice, fried catfish with fries, and a steak with mash potatoes and brocoli.  There was not a single complaint at our table!  

Dessert was great.  Pappadeaux has those cheesy 80's dessert trays where everything has a coat of acrylic to keep it looking fresh....I LOVE those corny presentation trays!  FYI Pappadeaux has maybe 15 options for dessert?  Pretty impressive.  As a first time visitor we were offered a dessert on the house (WOW) and choose a chocolate brownie turtle thingie which was served warm w some yumm-o vanilla ice cream.  The single slice was HUGE, even shared between the 4 of us we hardly finished it.  Somehow we were able to force it down :)  

For the price i thought the meal was a good value with plenty of fresh options.  The only think I'm dissappointed about is that Pappadeaux is not actually locally owned, although it is family owned.  It doesnt feel chain-y but I still try to avoid them as much as possible.
We get to Pappadeaux's on a Monday night.  It was packed.  We put our name in and we were told it would be a half hour wait.  Not bad.  We were early and we were waiting for another friend to show up.  She finally arrived and we chatted during our wait.  Our half hour wait turned into an hour.  How did that happen????  My friend complained and we were seated just like that.  We made it to our table, relief.  Our waitress was friendly.  The bread was good.  There was a great special on gulf oysters and our waitress explained that the season was coming to an end.  $4 something for a dozen oysters.  Great deal.  They were tasty too.  We had them for an appetizer.  I was happy so far.

I ordered the scallops.  They were not huge.  In fact my entree was not that big portion wise.  I had to order a salad a la carte.  No bang for your buck here.  The scallops were over $20 bucks and adding a salad to that pushed my portion of the bill over $30.  I had an ice tea too.  I enjoyed my salad and the scallops were good.  BUT!  I felt a little ripped off.

One thing they have to change is the PA system.  "Bob party of 3 your table is ready" is heard loudly throughout the entire restaurant.  Yikes!!!  Change that please.

Pappadeaux's is A-OK.
Went to Pappadeaux's last night for dinner after a spring training game.  I started with my favorite NOLA beverage the "Hurricane".  It was a blended mix version but still had lot's of alcohol which is never a bad thing.  I then had a cup of Shrimp gumbo that was very spicy and full of flavor.  Finally for the main coarse I had the "Lobster in a Pot".  It is just as it says a 1 lb. Maine Lobster with shrimp, sausage, corn, potatoes, and garlic bread in a pot.  I love being able to eat seafood like this because it's messy and you get to rip apart these sea bugs and really enjoy them.  The broth was full of flavor and was great for bread dunking after all the food was gone.  I can't wait to head back on Wednesday for the Crawfish boil.
Went for the Crawfish boil with some friends last night.  It was awesome I had 3 lbs of Crawfish.  They had very good spice to them and the corn and potatoes in the boil were great as well.  I had a couple strawberry lemonade's to drink which were good they had real strawberries in them not just the flavoring.  Then to top off my already full stomach I ordered the bread pudding.  It was awesome it had apples and blueberries in it and the bourbon sauce just really made it pop.  Great meal and even greater prices.  

Bread Pudding: $2.95
Strawberry Lemonade: $2.95
Crawfish: $3.95 a lb
Pappadeaux was definitely a highlight of my trip to PHX. The Oysters were great, fried alligator was moist, bread was fresh, lobster bisque was flavorful (altho a tad salty), and the blacked cat fish I had was cooked perfectly. 

Hard to imagine better than this outside of NOLA.

Enjoy!
Pappa deaux more like Papa-don't. The only reason to come here is the 3.95 dozen oysters. We got here super early on a sunday afternoon (4:30) and the place was still packed for lunch. Service was friendly, kitchen was a little slow, the food was a step above Red Lobster. The stuffed friend shrimp and crab was not really good at all. I guess if you live at least 4 hours a way from fresh ocean this place will have to do.
Thank you, Pappadeaux, for giving us landlocked Phoenicians a nice seafood place that doesn't break the bank.  The relatives from up north were coming to town and the request was for those classicly native Phoenician foods, lobster and crab legs.  There were going to be 8 of us, and I was getting ready to take out the $1,000 bank loan when Yelp pointed me to Pappadeaux.   Thank goodness they take reservations for 8 or more.  I'm all over it.

Turns out it was crawdad night (crawfish for you cultured Creoles), and the place was an absolute madhouse.  We lucked out finding a parking spot and slowly made our way through the crush of people waiting outside.  I lost my entire party in the crowd and by the time I made it to the hostess desk was sure our reservation was a goner.  But the disheveled hostess, who probably suffers from PTSD after that night, said we were good.  whew.  I sent a rescue crew to retrieve my lost troops.

It was incredibly noisy so we had to do some strategic table placement for the hard of hearing.

The service was impeccable.  Demands for substitutions, butter sent back because it was too salty, help needed for seafood haters - our waiter fielded them all calmly and accommodated even the pickiest requests. 

Everyone loved their food, which really was very good.  I got my favorite banana pudding - who needs an entree, really.  The bill was reasonable and everyone was happy.  Another mission accomplished, another bullet dodged.
This place made me ANGRY!!
It's been a while since I've been in, and I remember how delicious it was, but I guess I forgot how expensive it was for what I was getting. I remember the crawfish etouffe was delicious, so I can recommend that, but for $20.00?? I skipped it. 
My friend and I ordered the frog legs, 1 dozen gulf oysters (the only thing worth coming in for @ $3.95) and we split the Bay Platter.
My main gripe here is that EVERYTHING TOOK FOREVER and we even arrived early before the crowds!! The people behind us were seated long after us, were served and finished and left before we even got our entree (they had a female waiter who seemed totally on it), and meanwhile our waiter's presence was bordering Bigfoot mythical. 
The beers took 10 minutes even with the bar in sight, the frog legs took a while and there weren't many on the plate (delicious though), and the oysters came THIRTY MINUTES LATER. 
"I don't know WHY the oysters are taking so long...." OH COME ON!! There's ZERO PREP involved with these, don't play me for a damn fool!! I sure wish I could remember the waiter's name so his inattentive chicanery can be fully exposed. I was too angry to remember 2 minutes after walking out the door.
It was AN HOUR before our entree arrived, and like a previous reviewer said, it was one step above Red Lobster, but how can you screw up lobster and jumbo shrimp? Dirty rice and green beans also on the platter. I scarfed down my half, I was starving after waiting to grow old for so long sitting there.
I am generously giving 2 stars because the food tasted good and was well-prepared. No one is getting their value for the money, you're paying for the waitstaff and the overhead. 
Fancy white linens, high prices and high dollar inattentive waitstaff to serve me Cajun food, that's not what it's about, is it? NO WAY!

LOOK OUT PAPPADEAUX, there's a new player in town and they are CAJUN SEAFOOD CORNER in Mesa. Casual, not fancy, better value and delicious. Their crawfish etouffe is only $9.99!! No longer will I have to feel like I've been extorted by Don Fanucci.
Went here for the first time today and i'm in love!!! 

I think that Crawfish nights are Asians' night. When happy hours hit, I felt like I'm back in the old country. 

If you have ghetto nails with all kind of crystal-ness, be careful not to choke on the crystals when you go to lick the deliciousness off your fingers.
I love Pappadeaux. I've been going to Pappadeaux for over ten years starting in Houston. When they opened up the one in Phoenix, I was sooo ecstatic! Seafood in Arizona! And I don't have to drive 40 min to Scottsdale to enjoy it!

Before I gush, I will say that I have received some crappy service. When it's bad, you have to make sure you get your waiter to bring you everything you need at once, otherwise it may take a while to track him or her down. Usually these are the times when the place is really busy so I guess I can't get too mad. For the most part though, the waiters know the menu, can offer some good suggestions and come back often for refills.
 
OK, now for some love. Seriously, Love love LOVE when it's $3.95/per dozen oyster time. You do have to make sure it's the right time of the season otherwise you can get some measly oysters. But 99% of the time the oysters are incredibly tasty and fresh. For the person complaining about slow oyster service, they shuck their oysters when you order them. So when they've got 8 orders, there is going to be a wait. I don't know what oysters you're used to eating, but I know shucking oysters is not easy. (Plus you're doing all that work and you don't get to eat them! That would be torture for me!)

I've had a lot of the main fish entrees and they've all been very yummy. It is really pricey, but one entree at Pappadeaux's can last me 2, maybe even 3 meals. It's the damn butter! It fills me up! Butter, you ask? YES! Pappadeaux has the most taste bud pleasing, whipped, salted butter that I have ever eaten. It helps polish down that loaf of freshly toasted french bread that impedes entree eating time.

Fave dessert is the creme brulee for sure. Best way to end the meal. How I have ever had room for dessert, though, is beyond me. Dang butter.

Other dishes I recommend: Calamari, alligator, Greek salad, crawfish etoufee (!!!), soft shelled crab (broiled and fried, ask to go easy on the salt), crawfish gumbo (they only have seafood gumbo listed, but you can ask to have crawfish only)
Last night me and two friends stopped at Pappadeaux and man this place was packed.  I mean PACKED like they were giving away food. Come to find out that they were having their special crawfish boil every Wednesday and Thursday til sometime next month and its only $3.95lb. Now we can understand why this place was bursting at the seams.

So anyway, we get there, it's packed, however we were able to be seated in about 20 mins. Now considering the average wait was about 45mins to an hour, we were some happy campers. (Thank you Haley !!) We get seated and the poor family next us were having a little bit of a rough time considering they had been waiting for 1.5 hours to be seated and had three kids with them. Haley asked if we wouldn't mind moving to another table so that they could accommodate this family. Of course we said, considering how fast we got seated, no problemo.

We are now comfy cozy at our second table and we wait, and wait, and wait for exactly 7 mins before we are acknowledged. (Yes I timed it) This bugs me a little bit because at our first table it took about 30 seconds before we are acknowledged, heck we were barely in our seats and yes I know that the place is busy, I get that but even if someone would have acknowledged us and said I will be right with you, I wouldn't have had a problem. Now Eric, our server, turned out to be a really nice guy.  I asked him how many tables he had, he said he only had three but two had very large parties then us. Aha I said. Interesting. Now we know why it took so long to get water and bread. 

Haley, the fabulous hostess, came over to thank us for moving and to let us know that she was treating us to an appetizer. Score!!! So we ordered the appetizer trio which had mini shrimp, crawfish fondue, fried alligator and calamari. YUM!  We also ordered some mudbugs (crawfish for those that don't know that term) and they were off the hook. Salty yes but well worth the mess and swollen fingers and toes I had later from all that salt. We ordered our main courses as soon as the appetizer arrived so that we wouldn't have to wait so long (or so we thought) JD ordered the blackened catfish poboy, Dennis ordered the mardi gras pasta, and I ordered a dozen oysters. Now mind you, Eric warned me that it was going to take at least 15 to 20 mins for the oysters to arrive but everyone else should get theirs before me. No problem I said I can wait.  So 20+ mins later, I get my oysters but get this, they guys are still waiting for their food. Not good!! Not good at all. The General Manager, Asogi had already been to our table earlier that night to personally speak to JD as he had been there a few times before and the service had been pretty bad.  Asogi listened to us voice our concerns and let us know that he would be talking to his staff about the quality of service that not only we were receiving but all the guest  were receiving. Cool!!! So back to the food. It's been 20+ mins, I have received my oysters, which by the way was going to take the longest, waited about 5 mins to get an oyster fork, prepped them to eat them, had eaten 6 before they had received their food. Tsk, tsk, tsk. So we asked to speak to Asogi again and we let him know that the guys had just received their food even after Eric told me that my oysters would take the longest.  Asogi was like "you are just receiving your food since I came over to talk to you earlier"? We said yep and mind you, the restaurant had died down by then, meaning that there were quite a few empty tables. Asogi apologized on behalf of his staff and comped our entire meal! Wow. That is not what we were after. We just wanted to get our point across and let him know that although we love the food, the service kinda sucks.

Yes I know this is one long review but my point is this, overworked servers leads to crappy service which leads to unhappy guests. Will I go back? Absolutely! The food is very good and very reasonable. Eric our server even apologized and yes he still got a very nice tip from us. So thank you to Haley, the hostess with mostess, Eric, the overworked server, and Asogi, the General Manager for listening to us share our thoughts and for your generosity regarding our meal.
When I want to get my fix for oysters on the half I come here...you can't beat the price!!  Usually between $4 and $6 a dozen depending on specials they have going on.   They also have one of my favorite happy hours with some limited drink specials but some nice food specials served at the bar. 
When I am looking to order a meal I have to say my favorite on the menu is the shrimp brochette (large shrimp stuffed with jalapenos and jack cheese wrapped in bacon and grilled).  I while not bad, opt out of the dirty rice that is served with this dish and have them sub with asparagus or the steamed veggies.   I have had a few other things from the menu like the mixed grill and their cedar plank salmon, and once did the all you can eat lobster special they were running once.   Honestly I have yet to be disapointed by most Pappadeaux's I visit (except the one that was out of oysters).
I LOVE THIS PLACE. 

Make reservations or call and get your name on the list at least one hour early....the wait is often 1-2 hours.

Yes it is a chain.  WHO CARES.

The quality is always top notch.  The service is great.  The fish is ultra super fresh 10,000 (if you end anything with 10,000 it means it is the best.)

Most fish are flown in only in season.  Right now you can get a lb of crawfish or a dozen oysters on the half shell for $3.95 (Wednesday nights it he best because fresh shell fish come in that morning.)

PS- Awesome and economic happy hour.
Went here for a business lunch with customers. Was seated right away, greeted within a minute and had fantastic service. This place was recommended for their seafood. We started off lunch by splitting the sampler of mini shrimp, crawfish fondue, fried alligator and calamari. The alligator was the bomb digitty. I had the fresh sushi and it was fantastic, everything has a southern creole twist on it. Lunch for 3 with appetizer was $75.00 but well worth the money. I will be back again.
This in truth had been my first "Cajun" eats.

The atmosphere was cool.
The service was good.
The food was rich and filling.
*3.5 stars*

My hunny loves this place, so we went for his birthday last Friday. I'm glad I made reservations because the restaurant was packed (like sardines *har har*) when we arrived at 6:30 pm. It was VERY LOUD inside...This is NOT a good place for a first date because my husband and I were practically yelling and we still could barely hear each other. The 4-man N'awlins band playing was complimentary to the atmosphere, but the music just added to the din. Phil was our waiter and he was friendly and personable.

We started with soup...hubs enjoyed his shrimp gumbo, although he and I thought my cup of lobster bisque was better (my mouth is watering as I'm typing this!) The french bread that came out before the meal was standard and nothing special. My entree was filet mignon with mashed potatoes and asparagus. I also added king crab legs which my sweetie and I shared. The filet was cooked right, but didn't have much flavor...had to ask for A-1 (gasp!) The asparagus were downright delicious and the taters were yummy too. Crab legs were fresh and tasty. I liked the tealight our server brought to the table to melt the butter for my crab because it kept the butter melted throughout dinner. My husband got mahi mahi with etouffee on top (came with dirty rice) and he was transported to food heaven.

I had a weird experience when I excused myself to go to the restroom. After admiring my hair, a woman (that I had never met) told me she was a spiritualist, said she saw lots of tension around me, and saw lots of change in my future. All I saw was the crab shell that had lodged itself in my eye when I had attempted to crack it. Along with the tears running down my cheek because of said crab shell. Bet you can imagine how annoying it was to be accosted in the bathroom...and it was......but I just can't be rude to someone who says I have pretty hair. Even if she was a wacka-doo.

Next time we go to Pappadeaux's I'm going to avoid the crab and the ladies restroom.......

Just kidding.

I'll still get the crab.
What a great place to eat! My brother and I have had lunch here a couple of times and the food has been excellent both times.

We tried the alligator bits. As cliche' as it may sound, it "tastes like chicken".

Although people always make fun of me for it, I like catfish. I ordered the blackened catfish with dirty rice and it was excellent. Portions are very large and I couldn't finish my meal (although not for lack of trying). My brother had the tilapia on one occasion and a mixed seafood dish on another. Both were great.

The seafood tastes fresh, the location is great and the service staff is friendly. Also, I love the patio in the entrance area. Highly recommended.
They were absurdly busy. I had a bar's eye view of the care that goes into the $3.95 1/2 dozen oysters. I would not order them myself. Dinner felt rushed, I didn't feel like a very valued client, and the poor gentleman next to me waited at least 25-30min for his 1/2 dozen oysters (carelessly drained of their delicious fluids).

My dinner was good, but relied heavily on it's fat content to carry it's flavor. My cocktails were good, I would come back for those.

It took another 10min just to pay my tab after I had finished. My dishes were cleaned up by a bartender who looked like he just run a marathon, dripping with sweat. Not exactly how I like to finish my evening.

Thanks, but no thanks Pappadeaux.
Your one-stop destination for all the Cajun food you've been craving. Met up with friends here for a Wednesday night outing, so that we could try their boiled crawfish. I have to say that this is crawfish done right... and at $3.95/lb, you can't beat the value.

We started with an appetizer of Blackened Shrimp & Crawfish Fondeaux with garlic bread, which was free by using a coupon I got by signing up on their website and providing my e-mail address. I would've been a bit disappointed if I had paid for this particular appetizer, since it skimped on the bits of seafood and wasn't a particularly well-done fondue (not nearly cheesy enough), but it kept the group I was with something to nosh on while we waited on our entree orders. Judging from the other reviews, this place is always busy.

I was very happy with the 7-oz. Blackened Mahi Yvette covered with shrimp, crawfish, mushrooms and spinach in a Monterey Jack cheese sauce. No need to order the larger 11-oz. filet, since I had already started filling up on bread, fondue, and a dinner salad. The dirty rice was delicious and scarfable.

Everyone seemed more than happy with their selections as we all shared and sampled from each others' plates of oysters on the half shell, boiled crawfish, and fried alligator. I think the place delivered a great value on the meal, a fantastic selection of nearly every Cajun delight you can think of (although I have yet to spot the elusive Muffaletta on area restaurants' menus), and a great dining experience. This place IS busy... I can only imagine the crowd on the weekends, but the wait staff did their best to be attentive and tend to all of our requests.

We left satisfied and stuffed, reeking of Cajun spices. Now if only they had some Oompah Loompahs available to roll me to my car...
The Wife and I visited this Pappadeaux  this evening...and i must say i thought the one in Illinois was great, but this one was even greater. It is the only location in the entire state of Arizona...and it is very spacious with plenty of outdoor seating with cool zone fans. They were having a special on Crawfish which my wife had and i had to show her how to eat them...but she really enjoyed them. I had my usual blackened Halibut with the yvette sauce, and dirty rice and it was simply delicious as usual with other locations i have been to.

The happy hour there is top notch as well, we will probably try that next time...but this place while always packed is so very relaxing and the service is spectacular. If it is not on the menu and you want something in particular they probably will have it there, and they will be more than happy to prepare it for you. It is a little expensive to eat here because it is quality seafood...made to order...but it is well worth it. So the next time you want some great cajun and seafood delights make a trip to this establishment off the I-17 South here in phoenix and you will leave happy. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my friends!!!!
Being from Louisiana / Mississippi I have a special spot in my heart (and stomach) for Cajun food. If you want truly authentic Cajun food then look no further than this restaurant off the I-17. Everything is great. No matter if you want broiled fish or fried seafood the taste is awesome and the price is good. The raw oysters are great. The crawfish platter is fanstastic. The crawfish bisque is to die for. The boudin is authentic and good served on a bed of white rice. The only other place in town for Cajun food is Baby Kay's. I'm posting a review of them as well.
Blackened Shrimp & Crawfish Fondeaux... what more do I need to say.  This was the first thing I tried at Pappadeaux's and I have ordered it every time since.  From the fried seafood menu, the Pappadeaux Platter is great and there is enough food for 2 if you get an appetizer to start, unless you are real hungry.
Great food, great service. And they were happy to accommodate to gluten free or other allergy needs.
Very good fruit ice tea.
My new favorite place to eat.  Fried alligator ROCKS!!!
My first visit to Pappadeaux didn't start off well. I decided to grab a quick dinner to avoid rush hour traffic back from Phoenix to Chandler, and Pappadeaux looked good. I waited almost 10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge me, in spite of a half dozen servers standing nearby talking about their various life dramas. (It was 115 degrees that day, and ice water was definitel at the top of my list of "must haves," seconded by a glass of wine.) 

As I started to leave, determined to find a restaurant that actually welcomed its customers, an astute server -- Johnnie -- realized I was ready to bail and proceeded to treat me like a queen for the next 45 minutes. 

I was sitting next to the dessert tray and he said, since I'd waited to be served, the restaurant would treat me to a dessert. I don't eat dessert, but I tried to be gracious in light of his offer, so I said thank you. Johnnie realized it wasn't going to be my thing. I ordered the filet topped with crabmeat and a wonderful sauce. It was perfectly cooked according to my request, and certainly didn't need anything extra to enhance its flavor. Johnnie talked to his manager and, after his talk, I was comp'd my meal (less my two glasses of excellent wine). I told his manager that Johnnie had saved the day. The manager said the person who was working my area of the restaurant hadn't shown up for work that day. I didn't really appreciate the excuse. A half dozen servers were within 8 feet of me and could have seen I wasn't been served. But Johnnie did -- and took responsibility. Good for him!

The food was excellent. (I'm not a big seafood eater, but the sauce for the steak accompanied by the crab was perfectly seasoned.) Johnny earned a handsome tip because of his attentiveness, and the restaurant earned a second chance in the future.

But I think I'll ask for Johnny as my server.

Cheryl
This place is right by my folks house and I have been here many times. Great happy hour spot to. I have had so many things on this menu its rediculous. They have deep fried aligator app that is so good. Inside they have a lobster tank with for sure the biggest lobsters I have ever seen. Today I went for lunch and got the Crispy Halibut sanwich and fries. They gave me shoestring fries, if you get fries make sure you get the regular fries cause shoe string fries look cute but they are just annoying. The sandwich was so good, and it was a big piece of halibut for $12.95. My girlfriend got the wood fired talapia with greenbeans, shrimp, and veggy. It was so good and the lunch price $13.95. She usually gets the crab legs and like i said, so many good things i get something different everytime. Nice big bar with a few boths and the dinning area is huge. This place can get busy at night and especialy on the weekends but its worth the wait if you have to.
I LOVE to frequent this place for lunch or dinner 10 or so times a year. The food is fantastic and the atmosphere wonderful with live Cajun music on the patio outside when the weather is tolerable. The raw oysters are awesome. I've tried most of the menu items and I really don't believe they have a lousy item to serve. They can be extremely busy at times (I try to avoid dining then) but the service has always been lovely with no complaints. The food can be pricey especially the seafood items. The shrimp po-boy sandwich is very reasonably priced and is delicious on the freshly baked bread which is somewhat crispy on the outside and velvety soft inside. My favorite entrees are the shrimp creole and pasta mardi gras but like I've said, you can't go wrong. The frog legs were perfectly cooked. Perhaps the best reason of all to go is the special Cajun & creole spices they use to prepare the dishes, WOW! I've also eaten at their location in CO Spgs & ABQ and they too were good. Give them a try, Just try to time your meal so you aren't fighting the crowds.
This is the 2nd time I have been here. After a shopping excursion with my Wife, we stopped in around 8pm. It wasnt too busy, and found a booth in the bar right off the bat.

We decided to be a little adventurous and try out the Fired Alligator and Fried Frog legs. Both were extremely good. Since I am afraid to death of alligators it was a little self satisifing eating one! Now instead of looking at them as scary things, I see them in bite sized fried nuggets! 
The Frog legs were equally as good. As the saying goes, tastes like chicken.

Dinner I had the Australian lobster tail. It was cooked perfectly! My wife had the tilapia laffayette thing, and it too was cooked perfectly. Nothing was overcooked or undercooked. They definately know what they are doing here cooking fish.

Waiter was prompt, courteous, and was johnny on the spot for water/tea refills. We didnt feel rushed at all, but we were definately in and out very quickly.

Would definatley visit again!
This is the 4th time I have been there and it was the best experience this time.  The service was outstanding.  The waiter kept checking on us and refills came without asking (even after the bill was paid).  I ordered the naked fish selection: blacken costa rica mahi with dirty rice.  WOW, it was very tasty and delicious!  I ordered my fish well, the normally serve it medium.  I was so full, I did not make it to dessert.  The other ladies were impressed too.  One had the cedar planked salmon and the other had a greek salad.  No complaints from us...
Food is hit or miss 50/50.
Once I got an awesome andoulie sausage with seasoned rice.
Another time, I got very bland pasta with way too much grease and very little seasoning.
I guess it all depends on what you order.

Wait times are moderate to long depending on what time you get there.

I like the misters in the waiting area in the summer.

Pretty cool decor, especially the outdoor fountain area.
Kind of nice when the lights turn on.
I have been to Pappadeaux a couple times, but yesterday for lunch was the most recent.

My dad & bro like to eat lunch early to beat the "lunch crowd" so when we got there around 11:15 it was pretty dead, probably only about 10 other parties there. Sounds like a lot but this place is huge inside.

I don't remember her name but our server was a sweet girl & always made sure our glasses were full. And when I couldn't finish my meal she offered to box it up & even threw in an entire loaf of bread, nice!

My dad & bro are one in the same & ordered the blackened catfish with broccoli instead of rice & I ordered the mardi gras pasta. I sampled the catfish & it was delicious, literally melts in your mouth. My pasta dish was very good but also very rich/filling. I ate about a third of it & took the rest home for hubby. He loved it! If it wasn't lunch time & I wasn't so full already, I would have ordered dessert. Their bread pudding & creme brulee are amazing!!

If you have never been to Pappadeaux you must try it, you won't regret it.
LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The food was amazing,who cares if it's  chain restaurant.
      We had tried to go the night before but they were packd so we made a reservation for the next night.It was really busy when we go there but we were seated immediately.Our server was really nice and very helpful when we told him we had never been there before.
           We ordered the fried alligator app,and loved every bite of it.I had the filet mignon and rock lobster tail.The steak was cooked perfectly and was a good size for the price.I'm not usually a huge fan of lobster but wanted to give it a try,Pappadeux has changed my opinion about lobster,the meat  came right out of the tail.It was buttery andjust plain yummy! It was the first chance hubby and I really had a chance to go out to eat without the kids,so we really wanted to make the most of our time.And we wre definetly able to do that here.Refills kept coming even after we had paid the bill.I also loved the live music from the jazz quartet making its way around the room.The only thing thats keeping me from giving it 5 stars is that the tables were too close to each other,and it was so loud I could hear the discussion at the table next to me but I had a hard time hearing my huband across the table.I will definetly be going back to Pappadeux over and over again.
Yes, it's a chain... but there are some good chains. This is one of those places that has such a gargantuan menu with so much goodness that you want to go back just to try everything that you missed on the first run.  The appetizer offerings had so much I wanted to try, particularly the fried alligator; however, this time we tried the mussels, which were delicious.  I'm pretty picky about mussels, I don't like when they are small and have that graininess when you bite into them.  The mussels at Pappadeaux were fantastic -- large in size, very mild, without any graininess whatsoever.   

I ordered the Big Bay Platter for the main course, which comes with Montage Shrimp (jumbo shrimp stuffed with crab), 3 small Caribbean lobster tails, and grilled shrimp.  The price was reasonable for the amount of seafood, about $25.95 and I was really happy with the dish.  The shrimp montage were delicious, stuffed with generous portion of crab meat; the lobster was pretty good, and the grilled shrimp were basted with a spicy sauce that was very tasty.  This was all served on a bed of dirty rice and green beans.  There is so much more I want to come back and try, like the alligator, and some of the other entrees.  

A few tips:

- Get there early or call ahead to get your name on the list, this place gets packed.

-  be prepared that it's very loud in here, especially when they have the "New Orleans trio" band playing.  

- Watch out for the parking lot, it's like a parking lot at the mall on black Friday. You've been warned.

I will definitely return to Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen.
I have found a new favorite restaurant.  If there is one place on my reviews where I could go for a special occasion - this would be it.

To start - the ambience...  You feel immersed in New Orleans, from the moderately lit dining hall, gaslit lamps, waiters in black pants and white aprons and wonderful music.

The food was absolutely fantistic.  I had the Crawfish Trio, which was a mix of Crawfish Etoufee, Fried Crawfish and Sauteed Crawfish.  The etoufee had a rich, dark, buttery roux and was smothered over dirty rice.  

The sauteed crawdad was a pleasant surprise.  I expected a crawdad sauteed in butter, but instead it was sauteed in a spicy cream sauce.  They also served the dinner with a loaf of fresh bread baked in-house.  

If you've been to Disneyland's "Blue Bayou", this place reminds you a little of that restaurant.

The shelfish/seafood selection is EXTENSIVE.

Like it and Loved It!  Go to this place and you will not be disappointed.  I heard they have several locations throughout the US.   When are they coming to California?!
Went there for happy hour yesterday (Friday).  Food was excellent, service was spectacular, and the oysters were quite good.  The desserts looked amazing but when it came time for a slice of cheesecake we were just way too full...  Great prices for happy hour!
Love this place. We went tonight, the Sunday  before Labor Day, and it was quite busy. We were quoted 45 minutes, but we were called after 15 minutes. We decided to stay at the intimate, quiet bar. Our app, the trio, took awhile, but was so worth it! We replaced the calamari, which they were out of, with more alligator. The app was great! I loved the fondeaux, but my hubby thought the alligator, which was usually moist, was king of dry. We ordered the horseradish plank tilapia and the porchartrain. The tilapia was a bit dry, without sauce. I loved my fish, but I feel like there wasn't enough sauce. The service at the bar was awesome. We will definitely return, but maybe try new entrees. The potions are huge, so we will have a great lunch.
Great place for a New Orleans style feast.  The restaurant is easy to get to; in a great location; beautiful patio; and has a great atmosphere. I went on a Tuesday night at 7:30pm and there was no waiting.  The service was great and the food was excellent.  I ordered the blackened catfish covered with shrimp and crab in a cream/creole sauce.  It could have been a bit more blackened and spicy.  The house salad was good and the gumbo was excellent...just spicy enough for a good kick.  They serve a full loaf of French bread with warm, whipped butter.  There could have been more beer selections.  I may go every night while I'm in town here for 3 days.  MMMMMmmmmm.....GOOD!!
Simply the best food and service!
Great food. 
Fantastic service. 
Lovely atmosphere. 

Dinner was absolutely Delicious. 
I wasn't sure if I liked some of the sauces that came on the entree & the waitress had me taste everything before I made my final choice. It was a busy night & she apologized for our food not being up faster, without me even complaining about it, & gave us 20% of our bill! 

The atmosphere was casual & relaxed. The staff is so friendly & welcoming, you just can't help but feel comfortable & happy to be there! 

They have a return customer in me :)
I love happy hour at Pappadeaux, $5 Grey Goose cocktails and great appetizers.   Try the Grey Goose with fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, so refreshing!   Order the oysters when in season and ask for blackened alligator, which is so good.   It's not usually on the menu, but they will make it.   I prefer it to fried alligator.   The cold boiled shrimp are to die for.
I told myself I would Yelp on every restaurant that I ate at on the course of this "road trip" I'm taking, so here goes.  We started off in the familiar territory of Phoenix, AZ.  Our "go to" spot in the northern suburbs of Phoenix used to be the Fish Market in Scottsdale, but since it "changed hands" so to speak, we've been on the look out for another destination.  Well... I think we found it in Pappadeaux.

Service:  5/5

The service we received at Pappadeaux was outstanding from the moment we arrived until the moment we left.  It was about 7:30 on a Friday evening when we got to the restaurant, and since we had been traveling, I did not have the opportunity to make reservations ahead of time.  The parking lot was VERY crowded and we were afraid of a long wait time.  But we were quoted 5-10 minutes when we arrived, and were seated after 7 minutes.  We got one of the few booths in the restaurant near the bar area.

Our waiter, Nate, was very attentive and helpful.  He pointed out some of their more famous dishes and the specials, some of which we ended up ordering.  He was prompt in refilling our water glasses when needed and even stopped a moment to chat with us about our 4-month old son.  The only small blemish I would mention is that dessert was a long time in coming.  It took about ten minutes after we ordered it.  Now I know they don't bake cheesecakes on the fly, so I'm unsure about the reason for the delay, but I thought in the interest of being complete that I would mention it.

Food:  5/5

Absolutely no complaints here.  Everything we ordered was outstanding.  My wife and I got the baked oyster trio and split a Greek salad for appetizers.  The salad was great and so were the oysters.  The salad is served table-side for that extra little touch.  If we were to order again though, I think we would have just gotten a full order of the Parmesan baked oysters instead of the trio.

For entrees, I ordered the special of the evening which was Salmon Diablo, a blackened salmon fillet with extra kick.  The only very minor complaint I would note is the sauce was a bit too much.  It was absolutely delicious, a mix of crab meat and butter and cream, but it overpowered the fish to a degree.  I ended up eating it separately.   As I said, delicious, but a bit much.  My wife ordered the lobster bisque and it was every bit as good as other reviewers have commented.

For dessert we split a carrot cake cheesecake.  I'm always on the look out for new and interesting desserts, and while I have had tons of cheesecakes, this was a combination I hadn't encountered before, so I had to give it a try.  The sweet potato pie also looked interesting, but we went with the cheesecake.  Aside from the delay mentioned above, no complaints here.  The cake was moist, flavorful, and delicious.

Overall Impressions:  5/5

The environment at Pappadeaux is exactly what you would expect.  They do a good job of bringing in that Cajun/creole atmosphere and balance an upscale look with a "down home" attitude.  You'll feel right at home here in your t-shirt and jeans, or in your business attire after a long day at the office.  The staff is very helpful and accommodating.  

Overall if you are looking for a seafood or creole meal in the Phoenix area, I can heartily recommend Pappadeaux.
A long wait but the gator and frog wernt too bad!
So for my Dad's birthday dinner I decided to show him one of my favorite places to go around the valley.  

So we had a reservation at 7:30 and got there around 7:10 which was fine we got to sit outside and enjoy the weather which is awesome this time of year.  At 7:35 we were called to our table.  We already saw the menu outside so we were ready to order once seated.  

My dad got the stuffed lobster and I got the Chilean sea bass.  After about 20 min the manager came over and apologized for the wait which I wasn't even concerned about yet.  She said they overcooked the sea bass the first time so they had to re-fire it.  They brought our dishes out about 5 min later.  Everything was good as always and then about 7 min later she brings over this huge piece of sea bass and said again she was sorry.  

I was amazed as I was not worried about anything and didn't even get upset for the overcooking the first time.  She also said she was going to comp a dessert for me which worked out great cause it was my Dad's bday so she brought a special creme brulee at the end of the meal with a candle and happy birthday written in chocolate which was just perfect.  

I love this place and it brings me back to New Orleans every time I go which is a great place to be reminded of.
Always great food and service.  It's always busy and boisterous, not the place to come if you're looking for a quiet evening...
I believe in heaven and it is located on Peoria and I-17.....guess God couldn't find a better place to park it.  I love this place, the atmosphere is nice the outside is beautiful, the service is always great, and the food oh the food is awesome.  I took my mother here for her birthday this week and she ordered some sort of salmon special and loved it of course.  I love the Costa Rican Talapia with the spaghetti squash.  I have also had the steak sandwich as well and that is a great hearty meal (a little much for the ladies).  I have had the Greek salad (great) and the po-boys fish sandwich and that was just OK.  the bread they bring out is always warm.  I just cant say enough about this place, especially because there isn't much good in the Metrocenter area except maybe Fajitas which is probably my next review.
I stop just short of 5 stars only because it's a chain.  Not a huge chain, but a chain none the less.  I love the oysters, but the appetizer trio they have is incredible, especially the fondeaux.  Everything tastes fresh and flavorful from start to finish.  Fried alligator anybody???  You betcha'.  And an incredible dessert selection to finish it all off.  Have the banana pudding with Nilla wafers!!!
Pappadeaux and I have a history.  We're both from Houston.  At home, I've been to just about every Pappas restaurant there is many times.  The Pappas family is an integral part of the Houston restaurant scene, love them or hate them.  (Most people love them.)  And in good old H-Town, they have a longstanding informal rivalry with the Goode family, who are like the working man's Pappas family, maintaining similar but less pricey/fancy restaurants.  At home, given a choice between Pappadeaux and Goode Co. Seafood, I will always choose Goode Co., because that's how my family rolls.  But when you take Pappadeaux out of that context, you must acknowledge that it is really a great restaurant.

This place is a carbon copy of the original, down to the plants on the patio.  I'm fine with that.  Why fix it if it ain't broke?  As far as I can tell, the food is carbon copy too.  And I'm fine with that, too!  It's pretty darn good food, and it's an accurate representation of the kind of food that our part of the world loves best.  You've got your Cajun, you've got your Creole.  You've got your fried fish (yummmm) and you've got your grilled fish (yummm!!!).  Their po-boy is not too terrible at all, considering how removed it is from its original context!  As a matter of fact, it was downright tasty!  I much prefer flounder to catfish, but hey, I'll live.
The original down-home dishes are what Pappadeaux does best, and I am always weirded out to see it advertising itself as some kind of fusion restaurant or lobster buffet.  Sushi?  Seriously?  Come on guys!  You don't need a gimmick!  This isn't a Landry's!

If I had to pick favorite dishes, I'd go with anything mesquite grilled, their fried shrimp, and their crawfish bisque, just because I love bisque (although Pappadeaux does not, I should add, have the best in the world).  The service is always good, although I miss the witty signage that all Pappadeuxs have in Houston.  AH WELL.  I enjoy their atmosphere because it is like so many other seafood restaurants on the Gulf Coast, where I half-expect to see a picture of my grandfather's boat on the wall.  

I haven't had much of what Phoenix has to offer in the seafood department, but I'm willing to bet, based purely on my Houstonian hubris, that this Texas import is one of the best in town.  Now if only we could get Goode Co. out here...
Place is bomb.. had the grilled Frog Legs, Lobster sushi Roll, and the seafood cobb salad for lunch.. sooooo good.. 

Been here once before and had the aligator appetizer, which was really good and also the crab stuffed shrimp.. everything was great.

Tiffany, the girl that waited on us, was really nice and very helpful as well.

Will definitely go back again !
Came here again yesterday with my family and since my son is sensitive to many things the manager came out and asked us exactly what he was allergic to in order to make something custom just for my son.  He was so accommodating that I just had to write another review on it.  I had to order my usual Talapia and it was fantastic as well.  I also did not know that they ship in new seafood daily and everything here is homemade, which is probably why this place is full of awesomeness!
First off, I know I'm going to come off as sounding crazy because it seems like everyone loves this place. I have had 3 separate experiences that just weren't up to par (1st time was a pick-up order & the steak was extremely chewy 2nd time was similar to my experience I had on Sunday.) I went to have dinner with my boyfriend and  we were promptly seated, but that is where the promptness ended. When we finally received our food (both had the seafood sampler for somewhere around $21 per plate) and everything tasted similar without any of the WOW factor I was hoping for. The worst part was when we were done eating the waitress brought us our to-go boxes and then took 30 minutes to bring us the check. We debated on just leaving but decided to be responsible, but lets just say the tip was minimal. Overall this place just wasn't worth my $64 bill at the end of the night. I ended up having a BOMB dinner the next day at Jason's Dell for $20 and I enjoyed it WAY more! nuff said
The only reason I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars is because the atmosphere inside is terrible. (too crazy, very loud, poor lighting, high traffic)

Seating outside is another story, especially in the fall. It is beautiful. The food is great and definitely exceeded my expectations. I ordered the Atlantic Salmon as I had heard it was excellent there. I've never been a big fan of salmon and have had several bad experiences with it in other restaurants. My first bite was timid, but by the end I thought I was going to start licking the crumbs off my cedar plank. Amazing. Absolutely amazing.

My dish also came with some of the largest asparagus I've had. I'm always very leery of large asparagus as it is almost always too firm. Once again, grilled to perfection just like the salmon. 

The wait staff was also very courteous and enjoyable. Overall a great experience after we had moved to the courtyard area. I highly suggest, especially if you are a fan of all you can eat lobster.
$20 for a double Maker's Mark?  Me thinks not T.G.I. McPappadeaux.  I was not impressed by anything that was there and will not only steer clear but may avoid the I-17 all together.
This restaurant is an awesome place to dine, I felt i was in New Orleans! My only negative I have with Pappadeaux is trying to decide what to order - the selection is huge! 

We arrived around 6:30 pm and there was a 25 minute wait, so I decided to dine outside on the heated patio which happened to have a live band playing. 

For starters I ordered a dozen of oysters on the 1/2 shell. The oysters were brought out on a large tray of ice and they were served with a light ravish Cajun sauce - SOOOO YUMMY! They went great with the baguette of hot bread spread with butter. 

For my main entree I ordered the Mississippi Catfish Opelousas - blackened catfish with oysters, shrimp & crab meat in a lemon garlic butter sauce with dirty rice. The catfish was a large portion with a delish creamy Cajun sauce and the dirty rice was the BEST! I took some to go BC I could not finish all of the large portion. The soft shells crabs are delish too with fries or dirty rice. 

We celebrated a birthday so our waiter Matt who was on the spot fantastic said dessert was complimentary. We ordered the praline cheesecake which was topped with pecans and berry's. 

Pappadeaux is my favorite national chain restaurant, PLEASE OPEN IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA!
Oh Pappadeaux's, how I wish you were closer to my home. If I didn't have to drive 40-45 minutes to get there, I would probably spend my entire paycheck on two things: Oysters and Fried Alligator. As such, I'm going to stick to those two things in my review. Those are really the only two things that I eat when I go, because I cannot get enough of them.

First things first, the staff and ambiance. The music can get a little bit loud, but the atmosphere is always fun and upbeat. The staff all seems to be pretty friendly, too. Our server was especially friendly and helpful. This is definitely a place I like to go to with my friends to hang out and have a good night.

Now, I'll talk about the food. First, the oysters. The oysters here are great! They give you a few different sauces to go along with them, each of which has a distinct, delicious flavor to add. To make the oysters even better, they have incredible deals on them! They only cost about $4.00 per dozen for the special they supposedly have running almost all the time. The type of oysters that you get on the special vary based on whatever factors affect the catching of oysters. As for the Fried Alligator, IT'S FRIED ALLIGATOR. As soon as I saw it on the menu, I had to have it. To quote one of my favorite movies (Transformers), "Alligator is the most succulent meat." The Fried Alligator here is one of my favorite things to eat. I absolutely cannot have enough Fried Alligator. The meat is moist and juicy with a light and non-fishy flavor, and the batter/breading layer is fried crisp. That combo of the moist meat with the crispy outside is phenomenal. Add on the dusting of cajun seasoning and the creole dipping sauce, and you have a dish you won't forget. 

In conclusion, I definitely recommend this place. I can't really speak for anything other than the oysters and the fried alligator, but do I need to? Come on, it's Fried Alligator and cheap oysters! Stop reading and go to Pappadeaux's!
Since my last review of Pappa, we've been back about eight times. In fact, six of those times were to celebrate my or my hubby's birthdays, which are two weeks apart. Last visit was last Saturday, the 8th; previous was Dec 26th. This review update could fit either visit. 

Again- quoted 45-50 min wait, but vultured around the bar until a couple of seats opened up and dumped our table wait. It was CRAZY busy this time, with all of the folks in town for BCS, etc. 

Oysters - wow. They were HUGE, delicious and showed up quickly. Our shucker even came by, after we were finished, to ask if we were happy with our order. Boy howdy, yes we were. 

Hubby got filet mignon w/Alaskan King crab compliment; I got my usual crab cake on lemon-caper sauced crawfish bed (sweet potato garnish changed up to fried onion strings with a tomato-y relish on top, yum!). We were both 100% happy with the food. When I mentioned to our bartender (he gets his own paragraph) that it was hubby's birthday, he offered the normal comped dessert (key lime pie, MMMM), but threw in a bonus gift: the rum bottle token. It was appropriate; my hubby had sampled five different rum drinks during our meal. (Pirate Punch was my favorite!) 

Ben was our bartender; he was just incredible!! Before we even got seats at the bar, Ben was asking what drink he could make for us. In fact, despite the extremely busy and loud atmosphere, his excellent and attentive service made it feel like he was our personal server - and I noticed that he was giving everyone around his end of the bar the same service. He is just that great! Or maybe he was just that happy that the Colts lost... :). Another 'tender, Kim, also kept a great eye on us and other nearby patrons, whenever Ben had stepped away. Our thanks to them both, for an absolutely fabulous experience which guarantees the future of our 3-year-old birthday tradition!
I really don't give 5 stars that often (ever?) but I absolutely love Pappadeaux.

Both times I have eaten there, I've gotten absolutely delicious food across the board.  Typically I will have appetizers (mussels, clams, some gumbo, etc.) but I've also had the trout (which was delicious).  I find their food seasoned well, balanced in flavor, and visually appetizing without tasting too greasy or obnoxiously oily/buttery.

They are open late as well, and the drinks are outstanding.  Fresh lime juice margaritas, not too sweet, with Patron where they don't skimp on the booze?  What can be better?

Pardon my brevity on this review, but just go and you won't be disappointed.  Hats off to the Pappas' group for bringing a great restaurant to Phoenix.  Please don't expand and ruin a good thing either!
We LOVE pappadeaux and go every time we are close to one.  Never have been disappointed. We started at the bar with a couple happy hour grey goose lemon drops. Coconut shrimp app followed by cedar plank salmon and stuffed shrimp (unbelievably delish!). We also added some king crab legs and a beer and blood orange mojito. Got out for $112 including $20 tip. Service was top notch food was phenomenal, if I had to knock something the crab legs were a little soggy. Server immediately tried to replace them or comp them but I can't waste crab legs so I ate every scrap of them!  Can't wait to go back.
I really enjoy coming to Pappadeaux. The service is pretty good, and the food is excellent. They have alligator for an appetizer which is very tasty. I love ordering the gumbo and the lobster bisque for starters. As for the main course, The Mardi Gras pasta is very delicious. This place can be a bit expensive but if you love seafood this place is an excellent choice.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! 

Get me some lobster bisque and the Mardi Gras pasta and I'm all yours! 

Happy Hour here is pretty darn good because the prices become more affordable. I feel that you get what you pay for at Pappadeaux's in terms of food and service, but anytime you can get that with a discount it definitely gets better! 

I love all the desserts, but the sweet potato pecan pie with a cup of coffee really makes the evening paired with a side of Jazz on the covered patio.
We've been coming here for years - and it has always been one of our very favorite places. Perfect for a special night out - either for a romantic dinner or with friends.  But tonight we discovered a new thing to love here at Pappadeaux: the chargrilled salmon diablo! Perfectly prepared - and the flavors of the mesquite-grilled salmon were perfectly complemented by the slightly tangy diablo cream sauce, with big tasty pieces of crab and crawfish in it. Even the broccoli was delicious! Steamed with a light sprinkling of garlic lemon olive oil and a touch of warm red pepper flakes. Love!!!
Saturday night - it was packed but the music and the patio helped the wait.  Family get together.  Party of 9 - all ages.  All food tastes.  Oysters, alligator, crab, shrimp, catfish, lobster.  We ate it all but the absolute best was the Banana Pudding in a jar.  No one pressured us to hurry up.  We all gave Tony an extra tip for great, friendly service..
This is my Favorite Restaurant by FAR. There are a few cons in the past 3 visits though.  Food on one hand is always excellent. Service is usually 
really prompt, but if you want optimal service I would eat at the bar.

1. Lobster Sizes. I try to Order 2lbs or So, and every time I have been up-sold to a 3 or 4 pounder without any discount.
2. The Lobster Eat All you Can deal was turning away customers by 7pm on the opening night,, I was showing off and brought 4 guests up from Gilbert, just to get turned away.
3. The Temperature in there is a bit chilly, so if you don't devour your food quickly, it can tend to get a bit cold.

Best Dish Lobster
Best Appetizer P.E.I Mussels
Best Drink Fat tire

On a nice Date, expect to pay about 80 to 100 per couple..
Restaurant: Came at night and the restaurant and decor was what was expected, lively and a little loud.

Service: Was seated right away. Server was very quick and food came out quickly. Drink refills were done timely.

Food: Ordered the spinach dip. It was excellent. Sampled some of the other food from friends' plates and they were all good.
Oh, where to begin..

I stopped by Pappadeaux last week to grab a bite when on a Wed, they told me it was a 45min wait for two.. wow.  The place was packed.   The hostess recommended we make a reservation for the weekend, so we made one for Friday at 7PM.

The smells coming from the place when you first pull in automatically keep you wondering what delicious things are waiting inside.  

I'm so glad we did. 

We showed up and they gave us a card with a number and once our number showed up on the screen, it was seating time.  I think we waited maybe ten minutes.

After gazing over the menu for a quick minute, we decided to try the fried alligator with creole sauce.  Being one to enjoy new things, I was pretty excited.  The waiter took our drink orders and and put in the appetizer.  The place at this point was insanely packed, but it was nice to see a place like this.  Made ya feel that something good was to come.  Heck, a place cant' suck if it's this packed, right?   So we order our food, I decided on the stuffed shrimp and the rest of my friends all ordered different things.  It would be a share-a-meal night.. 

About 10min into drinks and conversation, they bring out the fried alligator..  Ok, if you've never eaten anything weird before.  Please please.. you've got to try this.  It sorta reminded me of a cross between soft pork or chicken.  The taste literally melted in my mouth.  To top it off, the creole sauce that went with it, only complimented it.  I could easily have eaten the entire plate alone.  Sadly, I had to share..

After quickly destroying the fried alligator, we got our entrees.  I took one bite and had to pause a moment.. the taste of the stuff shrimp with the crab, Alfredo, spices inside just floored me.  There were only six pieces, but after sharing a piece or two and eating the amazing green beans, this was plenty of food. 

I can't wait for my next trip here.. fantastic food.
I have been here 2-3 times in the past and remember liking it a lot more.  Today, however, I went during the lunch and thought the food was very uninspired.

I really hate to say this, but I think Pappadeaux is becoming Red Lobster with a Cajun twist.  This place has somehow transformed itself from a unique eatery into a full blown Red Lobster meets Joe's Crab Shack franchise.  The only difference is the price (higher) and the seasoning (Cajun) instead of over-salting.  The seafood is no doubt frozen as well.

Sure, I love fried fish and other creole calorie bombs just as much as everyone else, but I think this place is losing its authenticity as it makes its play towards the masses.

Anyway, I wouldn't mind coming back to try more of their offering to prove my theory, but I'm certainly not going to rush.
I was really excited to try this restaurant as I heard good things.  The food was okay, but everything took FOREVER and they were not that busy.  I probably will not go there again.
Ok, they should be happy that I am understanding of the flying bug that landed in my dessert and died before it was served.  Yes, I found it as I was eating the dessert, grossed me out, but not necessarily their fault.  The manager came over and apologized and took the dessert off the bill and offered me another one.  Anyway, the rest of the meal was great.  My party and I had the scallops with green beans and capers.  Yummy!  I do like Pappadeaux's overall and this is the first time I didn't have a great experience.
One of my favorite restaurant to go to the best seafood out here.
Treated my friend's family here recently, on a busy Sunday night.  We have been here several times now, but I do not remember the food taking this long.

We had reservations for a party of 7 at 6:30pm, we showed up early at 6:15pm  but we still had to wait till about 6:50pm to be seated.  It was extremely busy.

Food took awhile but it was worth it.  Our server was pretty nice and overall we had a good experience.
Maybe it's because this Pappadeaux is in the desert it's not as good as the one's in Texas. But I have been to one in Dallas and one in the Houston airport and both are much better.

Sorry but I don't remember what I had but I just wasn't impressed and didn't get the feeling the seafood was really fresh. I guess I will continue to look for a place to get fried seafood in Arizona.

If you are expecting Pappadeaux like it is in Texas don't go here.
If you are expecting Legal Seafood don't go here.
Great food, but the 1hr wait for a patio table ruined it (while there were a few open tables out there).
Since I was in AZ area for the weekend with my gf for pleasure we decided to visit one of my friends in the area. She picked this place and we decided to get seafood instead of steak or a meat house. 

First of all, I'd suggest making reservations otherwise DO NOT COME HERE. We showed up at 7pm but weren't seated until 845. Good thing we ate a really good lunch otherwise I'd be starving and complaining like a baby. At least this gave us time to have a few drinks before dinner in the LARGE outdoor waiting patio area. I think it was so crowded because it was the weekend before Fat Tuesday. This place kinda reminds me of Bubba Gump or something similar. It seems fun and they do have a large bar and waiting area. 

We ordered alligator and frog legs as an appetizer. LOVED IT!!! We wanted the fried alligator and frog legs but the waiter absolutely loved that he worked here and HIGHLY recommended that we order it grilled instead. Since he worked here, we figured why not? I was thinking to myself that the cooks were a bit lazy and maybe they didn't want to prepare it. Lol. To my surprise, it was good as he mentioned. I have had both before but not for a few years so I was pleased. My gf ordered the crab stuffed shrimp which was really good. I ordered a  combination seafood plate which was good but not great. 

There are way too many things to order on the menu. A lot of fried food so if you are trying to watch your diet/weight then don't come here. 

I would definitely come here again but I wouldn't be in any rush. Great for a lot of people and groups, but PLEASE make RESERVATIONS.
Don't arrive without reservations, especially after 6PM! You don't want to risk waiting over an hour. I've been here a few times, my favorite is the alligator! It's super yummy! I've never had any complaints, only 1 time was my salmon under cooked, which was disappointing. However I would still go back and LOVE ALLIGATOR! I know a few people that have been to the Texas location as well, and they just as satisfied with this location as well.
I usually enjoy a trip over to Pappadeaux but last night was the worst dining experience I've had in years. We were quoted a 10-20 min wait time... no biggie... ended up waiting 55 min to be seated. It is spring training and spring break so not a big deal because we did arrive at 7pm. The problem is we left at 10:30pm! I ordered the seasonal craw fish as an appetizer since I had an hour to look over the menu I ordered right away. Took 45 min to get the craw fish out and when they came there was an old dehydrated piece of corn with scraps of potatoes. I had watched other tables getting several pieces of corn with large potatoes so we must have been given the "left overs". It was truly pathetic. We ended up just getting the gumbo since we had already filled up on bread and my real motivation to eat here was the dessert. We ordered two desserts and after 15 min our waitress only brought out one (she forgot the other one). Our waitress was nice but just not good at her job. Every time she knew she messed up she would have the manager come to our table instead of just explaining to us what had happened. It was a long confusing $50 app, soup, and dessert. I would recommend going at 2pm for a stress free dinner!
They've gone down in general.  Portions are smaller for happy hour.  Service is still aright.  Drained the pond out front.  Sad.  Bread and butter were not fresh last week and I always look forward to THAT simple pleasure .  We can forgive the burnt and salty lobster since they gave us a new one on the house without us even asking.  Just disappointed as we used to LOVE this place.
Actually about 4.5 stars and I am deducting the half star only because the place is sooo noisy. 

Hubby and I finally got around to hitting Pappadeaux's after we'd talked about it for months. On the wrong side of town for us but tonight we were in the area and decided to go for it. 

It was about 8:45 when we got there and the place was packed. We were told about 20 minutes for the wait but if it was longer than 7 minutes, I'd be surprised. 

For appetizers, we tried the Crispy Fried Alligator and a dozen Texas Gulf Coast Oysters. I was starving by the time we were seated and the napkins probably would have tasted good at that point but thank goodness we had these two appetizers to nosh on instead. The alligator was so succulent, we wished we had gotten the large order instead of the medium. The oysters were very fresh (yes, I do believe they fly all of their seafood in fresh every day). 

Next came some light and airy yet crusty bread. And bringing me my own little dish of butter so I don't have to share--much appreciated! 

Entrees: 

Hubby had the Pappadeaux Platter. Lots of fried goodness on there, including crawfish, stuffed shrimp, regular shrimp, catfish and a blue crabcake. We both mistook the crabcake for a hush puppy because of its size and shape. I asked if I could try the "hush puppy" and hubby handed it over. I should have kept my mouth shut and just eaten the whole thing because he doesn't like them but I stupidly said, "Hey, this is crab!" The look on my husband's face was priceless, I could just tell he was begrudging me the bite I'd just taken. I was nice and handed it back to him without a fight. Sucker. 

The verdict from him on the Pappadeux Platter was that it was good and tasty but next time we go he's going to try something else because that was a lot of fried food. Of course our very helpful server had told us they can basically make anything on the menu other ways than what is listed so maybe getting some of the food on there grilled or broiled would have been a option? 

For me, it was the Crawfish Platter, which consists of Fried Crawfish and Crawfish Etouffee. I loved it. Even being fried, the crawfish were still light and delicate to me. The Etouffee had just the right amount of spice for me. And the dirty rice that accompanied it was darned good too. 

I could only eat about 1/3 of my entree because the portions are HUGE! So even though it cost us $22.95 for my dinner, I don't think it was too bad considering I still have lunch for tomorrow! Hubby is sad he ate everything on his plate but the french fries. 

No dessert or drinks for us, couldn't afford it. To be honest, I made a bad boo-boo when suggesting the place because I had only skimmed their website and saw they are having a Crawfish Boil special for $7.95 and that's what we thought we'd be having. That special is only good on Wednesday and Thursday so don't be a dumb ass and go on Saturday night like we did if that's what you want. 

We're hoping to get back on the proper night to try the boil. I'm sure it will be just as excellent as everything we had tonight. 

Oh...about the noise. I can say one good thing about it...at least it mostly drowned out the crying baby at the next table. Seriously, folks. Doesn't anyone get a sitter anymore? This is NOT the place for infants and young kids.
Had lunch here today It was great, the food was great We had the Appetizer Trio, Pasta Mardi Gras, and the Mixed Seafood Grill. It was way more food than the two of us could eat. The server was very attentive and very helpful. I would recommend Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen to anyone who likes Cajun food or Seafood there is so much to choose from and basically the server said we could change anything on the menu to have it made just the way we wanted. AWESOME
My husband and I have dined at Pappadeaux in Beaumont and Austin, TX and had fabulous experiences at both. In fact, our service was so fantastic  in Beaumont during the busy lunchtime rush that we still remember our watier by name (thanks, Trevor!). All I can say is, the Phoenix location bears no resemblance to the places we visited in the Lone Star State.

Having read some of the other reviews, it seems everyone has had the same experience with respect to having to wait in line endlessly for a table, even mid-week. We waited over half an hour for a table on a Wednesday evening. The bar was too packed to find a seat and no matter where we stood as we waited we seemed to be in someone's way. 

And yes, this place is EXTREMELY noisy. We couldn't hear ourselves think. When we were finally seated in a drafty spot in the middle of the room, I ended up putting earplugs in (I travel by air a lot, so always have a pair handy in my handbag). Even then, the noise gave me a headache. We found ourselves shouting across the table to each other to be heard and even the server had difficulty hearing us when she came to take our order; she had to stoop over and practically put her ear to our mouths.

We ordered some appetizers -- a small salad and a cup of soup -- which took over half an hour to arrive. The waitress apologized profusely and seemed flustered and run off her feet; I felt kind of bad for her. With the noise and high traffic, it can't be a fun place to work. 

The entrees came out not long after and my Seafood Mixed Grill, which I'd enjoyed immensely in both other locations, arrived at the table sizzling and white with grease. The side of soggy steamed broccoli, which I'd specifically ordered plain, was greasy to the touch and there was a huge pool of butter on the mashed potatoes -- and an extra cup of butter on the side! When I voiced my discontent the waitress assured us that the grilled fish had simply been "lightly brushed in oil" and that there was nothing on the broccoli (it was glistening; I ran my finger across it several times and I could have used it as hand lotion it was so heavily coated).

She offered to take it back and make something different and the manager came to the table and said she understood we weren't happy -- a good business move, which I appreciate -- but having invested so many hours in the experience already, and having a headache from the noise, we just wanted to get out of there. 

They boxed the uneaten food, which I put in the frig when I got home for my husband to eat. I took it out the next day and about a quarter cup of oil had slid off the fish and congealed at the bottom of the styrofoam container (I'm not exaggerating). I ran my finger across the broccoli again just to check that my original assessment had been correct. Crisco city. I ended up tossing it; it was just too disgusting to eat.

The bill for hours of waiting, deafening noise and greasy, inedible food? $85, not including the tip. Save yourself some time and money and go to McDonald's instead. It's faster and the fish sandwich is probably healthier and definitely cheaper.
Good  shit most of the time.
My wife and I stopped in here on Saturday night after the D'Backs game and were told there would be an hour and half wait.  The very visually frazzled hostess kept her composer and let us know that the bar area is first come first serve so we decided to try there.  We scored some seats within 10 minutes and were immediately met by Sarah the bartender and the smiles and service never stopped.  Based on our questions Sarah knew it was our first time and really explained their menu and how everything works.  Our whisky was 10$ a glass but based on the "long pour" it was worth it.  There was a mistake in the kitchen and someone miss ordered a crab legs, we scored because Sarah brought them to us to try.  AMAZING... I ordered a sampler trio as our appetizer and the wife loved it all until she realized it was not breaded chicken and little chunks of lobster in the seafood fondue (I may have led her on a little) but rather alligator and crawfish.  The smile on her face (maybe the whisky) or just the general fun atmosphere and the food quality was well worth the total bill at the end of the night.  I can't wait to go back...
Pappadeaux has been one of my family's favorite seafood restaurants in Phoenix for several years......until today!

We just went for dinner fairly early to beat the Friday rush.  We ordered our drinks and appetizer, approximately 15 minutes later my beer showed up after I had to ask the waiter for it again.  That was the first disappointment but was actually the least disappointing!

We ordered our food and were patiently waiting, we understand that the food does not arrive immediately.  20 minutes went by...then 30.  After about 40 minutes the waiter came out and let us know that he was sorry it was taking so long and that our food was coming right out.  After this extremely long wait our 22 month old son was at the end of his rope and was out of patience.  We told them that we had to have the food to go since it had been so long.

The manager came out and apologized to us and offered us either a free desert or a gift certificate ($7 desert or $50 gift certificate...don't take the desert!).  We do appreciate the gift certificate, however the disappointment was not over.

We got home to eat the food (travel time only about 15 minutes).  My fried oysters were cold and soggy, I assume they had been sitting on the counter for quite awhile before they packaged them up for us.  My son's kids shrimp meal ended up being only 4 shrimp in the box with no fries!  My wife was also not very happy with her fish, very bland and not satisfying.

We are very disappointed that Pappadeaux's has sunk to this level, we used to love it in the past but will not be eating there again.  To whoever we end up giving the gift certificate to.....sorry!
If you like any kind of seafood, this is the place for you! The trio-appetizer is amazing. Crawfish and shrimp fondeux, fried alligator (better than I had in NOLA!) and calamari. Next course was lobster bisque, which is easiest the best I've ever had!! I had the stuffed shrimp for dinner and it was perfect. My boyfriend had the Mardi Gras pasta and the sausage in it was the best thing on the table.

I had the sweet potato pecan pie for dessert and I could eat a whole pie of that! The creme brûlée looked awesome, but no one at the table ordered it. That will be for next time. 

I HIGHLY recommend this place if you're craving creole or seafood...or both!! It is a bit pricey but definitely worth it!
This is the kind of place you can't go wrong, if you like seafood, then you gotta try this place for sure! We first tried it in Texas, yes it's a chain restaurant, but you cannot beat the consistent food we find everytime we go and each one we visit, it's the same good find! 

We manage to always start with Pappadeaux oysters, very tasty, spinach, cheese, bread crumbs with a sauce you wanta use the bread to soak up all of it! 

Next on the menu for me I am eating the jumbo shrimp stuffed with cheese and jalapeno, then wrapped with bacon. This is eight, big stuffed shrimp, so big it's too much to finish. There is a bed of dirty rice that fills the plate as well, so you get a lot of food for price. 

To finish our meal today, we got the banana pudding, it a huge serving in a mason jar, stuffed with vanilla wafers and topped with whip cream. 

You must try Pappadeaux's, it's great food, great service and worth the wait!
This place is simply amazing.  If this place didn't break the bank I would be there all the time.  The crab cakes covered in rich sause with crawdad's is unbelievable.  Atmosphere draws you in and the service is top notch.

It is pricey but once you taste the food you will understand the price.
Ate here on a recent trip to Phoenix and loved it. We had a group of 16 guys, mostly drunk and they even put our meals on separate checks without us asking. Gratuity included of course. I had Penne Pasta with chicken as I am allergic to shell fish and had no worries watching everyone else engulf lobster tail, gumbo and crab claws.
this place is awesome! I brought my family for lunch along with some out of town guest. great food. the marti gras pasta ( shrimp, crawfish,sausage, and clams) was awesome along with the service.
The atmosphere was awesome, great courtyard area, open kitchen. Service was top notch. Food was incredible! Very fresh, didn't have the typical give of a chain restaurant. My boyfriend and I went on catfish night and though we didn't get any it was fun to watch everyone get their buckets. Cocktail was yummy.. calamari melted in my mouth, halibut in burre blanc was amazing.
I hope this was an isolated incident, because I really love Pappadeaux's.  It's not someplace I go regularly, rather reserved for special occasions. It's a little on the pricey side but certainly in line with the usual value they offer. The food, service and ambiance have always been top-notch and I've been saying for weeks now that it's where I wanted to go for my birthday dinner.
 
Despite the fact that they're a chain (huge in Texas and elsewhere, but only 1 single location in Phoenix), I feel like they operate like an indie and get it right on most fronts.  My favorite dish is the Crawfish Platter (a ginormous platter piled high with authentic dirty rice in the middle, flanked by breaded, fried crawfish on one side and thick, savory crawfish étouffée on the other side).

Last night's birthday dinner was unfortunately an absolute bust.  I was excited to show my boyfriend the amazing wonder of Pappadeaux's, as he'd never been there before and I'd been talking it up for weeks.  We were seated right away (which was atypical because they're always packed), but we did get an annoying end table right on the corner so there were constantly people pushing past us and bumping into my chair.  Whatever, luck of the draw, and I was happy to be seated right away.

Our server Erich came over and took our drink order.  I ordered a Coke and water.  I got Diet Coke, which tastes like poison.  Waited a few minutes trying to flag him down (admittedly this guy had at least 2 other tables he was waiting on) and I pointed that out to him and he launched into some weird back and forth about how it should be Coke.  You're tellin' me buddy, that's WHAT I ordered.  He took it away and a different server brought me a regular Coke with a smile.  Very nice.  Thank you.  Then Erich returned and babbled awkwardly about the mishap. It's fine. This happens a lot. Most people drink Diet Poison - I get it.   He took our orders and said he'd be back with some bread.

The bread and butter was dropped off pretty quickly, which is when we realized we had no set-ups.  It's kinda hard to spread butter on your bread without a knife.   We waited a few more minutes looking for him to flag him down again.  He grabbed set-ups for us and said something about "I wish we could assure that all tables could have set-ups when they're bussed but that's nearly impossible..."  Ok, whatever, I just want utensils and a napkin.  Thank you.

The food this time was OK.  Normally it's stellar. Maybe I was already annoyed by what I considered "Strike 1" and "Strike 2".  Both crawfish entrées were great.  The dirty rice was definitely subpar --undercooked and very dried out/chewy.   Erich asked us if we needed anything. I asked for an extra tartar sauce and a spoon for my étouffée.  He brought them right over.  At that point, at the beginning of the meal my Coke was still full. Like most people, I drank it intermittently while I chewed and ate and it was soon gone, but I still had half a plate of food to eat.  No sign of Erich.  No Coke in my glass. So I just continued eating and finished my plate.
  
At the end of the meal, Erich re-appeared and asked if we needed anything.  My other half motioned at my glass but at that point my food was gone and I just wanted to leave.  Erich then realized that maybe I wanted a refill and asked if I did. I said don't worry about it and asked for the check.  Then we waited some more.  The check came and I swear to you the fastest thing I saw the waiter do all night was process the check and get us out of there.

What bugged me was that I could see many other tables around us being served and having a great time with their servers, lots of smiles, hospitality and ambiance. I felt like we got the shaft.

I have to say that in the past I've always had impeccable service, amazingly fresh food and a top-notch experience at Pappadeaux's.  Perhaps this was an off night.  Perhaps Erich had too many tables.  Perhaps we shouldn't have even left him 10% gratuity.  Three dings on service, one on food and one on the crappy table.  I'll have to think long and hard before spending my money there again.
This place is so messed up.  I've been maybe 10 times now, and it is so hit and miss. I keep coming back because I love the king crab legs and the lobster tail; haven't found another place that has them along with a decent array of other food in a lively atmosphere, but they don't inspire me with confidence considering I always spend over $100. My partners always end up with poor meals. 

First of all, their seating management is a disaster. On Friday's visit, I first called for a reservation - 9:30pm was the earliest offer.  I drove there anyway, arrived at 7:30pm, put in our name for a table for two, outside (new system in place - no more numbers, but vibrating alert gizmos).  I asked for outside, but she said 'let us know that when you are called' - probably the problem right there. We were told '20-30 minutes'.  No problem, we went to the smaller bar next to the outdoor dining patio and had a beer.  The Patio was 30% full only, and the waiters servicing the outdoor patio were standing around idle. After watching the patio remain largely empty for at least 20 minutes, I approached the front desk and asked, 'how come we aren't being seated since the patio is not full?" She immediately grabbed a couple of menus and seated us.  We later asked our waiter what was going on, he said ...'million dollar business with a couple of high-school kids running the front desk'.  Just about sums it up! 

We also got dripped on and generally over-chilled by the misters and fans. We finally asked for them to be turned off, but it took a good 20 mins for the misters to completely 'dry out' (one of the reasons I want to sit outside is to avoid the over-chilled interior). 

I had the lobster tail, it was great. My partner had the 'hudson bay combo' ... the bacon-wrapped shrimp were great, but the lobster tail and the scallop were totally lukewarm, tasting like they were cooked well in advance.  Not good for a $27 entree.
Having grown up in Texas, exposed to lots of cajun food and now living in LA where there is none, a promised visit to Pappadeaux was what sealed the deal for me to visit Phoenix. 

Pappadeaux did not disappoint - food was just as good as I remembered the chain to be in Texas. I love my crawfish etouffee. And going at lunch (even on the weekends) is definitely the best bang for your buck. They are very, very generous with the portions.
Hello All! Last night my husband Michael and I went out to dinner to celebrate my new job, we went to Pappadeaux which we had been numerous time before but last night I have to say we had the BEST server that Pappadeaux has her name is Kara Reveas and she listen to want we liked she picked up on the fact that my husband doesn't eat meat so when she brought our meals out she replaced his dirty rice with white rice since they prepare their dirty rice with meat. She offered us choices to try on our return visit of certain items on the menu. You could see when she explained how they prepared the meal that she was passionate in her job and wanting the customer to have a wonderful food experience. We also meet the Manager from Mississippi Cori Woods she was absolutely wonderful as well very charming and caring you could tell that she really enjoys her work. If you haven't eaten there please stop in you will be so happy that you did. The food, atmosphere and service is 5 Stars and remember to ask for Kara she works Thursday evenings. 
Oh and the Alligator is great you need to try it!!!!!!
Been here many times and even had an event for 20 people.  Best Sea Food place in Phoenix.  Service is always 5 stars and the staff is always great.  Try the seafood gumbo, oysters and lobsters.  I had a 4lb lobster there and it was the best.
Pappadeaux is an excellent place to have delicious seafood in the Phoenix area.  They have a wide selection and every time I've eaten here the service was prompt and courteous, the meals well prepared, and they always seem pretty busy.  I had the Caribbean lobster tail, scallops, and shrimp wrapped in bacon followed by key lime pie.  Everything was cooked to perfection and I always try to eat at  Pappadeaux when I'm in the Phoenix area.
This place is absolutely wonderful! I've only been here twice but both times I left extremely satisfied.

On my second visit I tried some alligator and had no idea what to expect, but it tasted like spicy chicken! Awesome menu! Of course a little pricey, but totally worth it.

The atmosphere was great. Fancy and almost elaborate, but in a friendly inviting way. Very relaxed!
service was always fantastic.

I'm a sucker for cajun, so I'll definitely be back when I get some spare cash to dump on a night of fancy feasting.
I am a fan of Pappadeaux...Went on a Saturday night in JUNE; seated right away; hostess/manager came by to say our server just had a "7 top" and was taking their order; and would be there to get our order.  It took over 15 minutes to get our drink order; because none of the wait staff or management told our server that we were seated behind a wooden support beam.  We didn't even get water; not good...But after our server saw us he apologized for the delay; and the meal was great from that moment on; the food & drinks were great.  Our server after the rocky start; was one of the best I ever had at any establishment.
always consistent quality and value. we have been regulars of pappadeaux in our previous  home of TX, and we still are big fans!
Had a fantastic dinner here on 7/22.  P.H.I.L. was our waiter and he was phenomenal !  Food was GREAT! As was service!    Highly recommend this place!  Sat outside and was very comfortable!   Will be back again and again!!!!
Pappadeaux. What can I say? You are DELICIOUS! 
Our waitress was probably the best waitress I've ever had. Carrie was enthusiastic, really attentive without being overbearing or annoying, and just overall super awesome. 
We came in for lunch around 1 p.m. (their lunch is until 3), and I ordered the sampler platter, but I don't really like tilapia, so I asked if I could get some calamari instead of tilapia - done, without a hassle. Mum got the crawfish lunch. The bread they bring out is amazing, by the way.
Our food was out in probably ten minutes. Not only did I have an abnormally huge portion of calamari on my plate, but our waitress brought me out all the sauces that go with the calamari - their spicy marinara and a lemon aioli that you will stare at for several minutes and wonder how an aioli can taste that good. Yup. Several minutes.
Our waitress checked in on us often, and when we were done, boxed up our meal for us while we got our check. 
It was really hot out, and I was dreading walking to the car to sit on sizzling black leather seats, and before I know it BAM! There is a take-out cup for each of us, filled with our respective drink choice, our food bagged up and extra sauce for my leftoevers in little plastic take-out cups... Has anyone ever seen such awesome service?
If you go... you better ask for Carrie. If you don't, you will be incredibly and horribly jealous that you did not get the best waitress I have ever SEEN.
If you are a Cajun or from New Orleans you will be disappointed. If youre not and are just looking for a casual seafood restaurant with some hints of Nawlins, then you may like this place. The food was good, just not once you've experienced The Big Easy.  I do agree with the other review, it was very loud!
Delicious Cajun food! A friend took me here for my birthday and I am definitely a fan. Great flavors and great selections. The food is slightly pricey but wonderful for the restaurant. Very memorable. :) 

I would definitely come back. I love spicy and butter and this place has a wonderful combination of both. The portions are also large so it will feel you up until you are a happy full. Service at the table is also a hundred times better than the bar so sit at the table. For Westcoasters, like myself, definitely give this place a try!
After all the positive reviews the hubby & I decided to check it out. Upon entering everything looks great, the place is spacious and we were greeted and seated immediately. 

I ordered the cajun comb and my husband got the tilipia. While we're waiting for our meals to arrive our waiter offered us fresh baked bread right out of the oven. Not wanting to fill up on bread we declined. We're still sitting there when a roach scurries arcoss the ledge near our booth. ALL BUGS FREAK ME OUT!!!!!!! My husband said it wasn't that big a deal and I should just calm down. The table next to us received their food a couple of minutes before us, as soon as the waiter sat the food on the tray flies swarmed. I tried not to FREAK out but I was really getting uneasy about the safety of our food. Finally, our food comes out a couple of minutes later and I'm eyeballing it like a hawk.....no flies touched it, but it didn't stop them from trying to attack our food once it arrived. It's hard to enjoy your meal while you're swatting away flies and make sure roaches are coming up behind you. 

On to the food, my fish was salty and my husband's was buttery. 2 perfectly good pieces of fish were ruined.

While I went to the restroom my hubby ordered a slice of keylime pie for me. The pie was delicious, our waiter was great, the people watching is extremely interesting, but we will never return here.
Great stick to your bones food.  Try the fried crab claws and fried gator. The service is spotty however, the food is great.
Eating here is more like an experience than just a meal. I had the salmon Yvette tonight, it was perfectly cooked, in a luxurious citrus sauce with crawfish and shrimp... This is definitely the best seafood dish I've had in Phoenix to date... Go to pappadeaux! You won't be disappointed!
Very nice environment. Prices a little spendy but the experience is well worth it.
I've been here many times and have always enjoyed it. The seafood is excellent, I especially recommend the oyster plate... wow!
Pappadeaux is overpriced and overrated.  There are so few choices in seafood restaurants in the Phoenix area.  It's a shame.  Franchise.  The food is ok.  One step up from Red Lobster.
In town for business, and came to Pappadeaux's for dinner...what a great experience.  Hostess, wait staff, and servers were all outstanding.  The food was amazing.  Perfectly cooked vegetables to accompany the Costa Rican Mahi.  Ice cold beer on a hot, 102 degree day was a welcome addition!

Although we later found out our waiter was in training (it was his first day), he was attentive, professional, and available to answer any questions we had.

Highly recommended.
Three of us went here an hour before they closed (9pm) and were seated right away. We ordered the alligator appetizer and a cup of lobster bisque. The alligator with the Cajun sauce was deli-sh! My cup of lobster bisque was creamy with chunks of lobster in it. Probably one of the best that i have had. When ordering our waitress was very helpful, we ordered Costa Rican Mahi Alexander, Crawfish Etouffee, and the Soft Shell Crab. By far HANDS DOWN the Alexander was the best dish. It offered a little bit of everything and the flavor or the sauce plus the amazing dirty rice. OMG it was amazing and i am kind of upset that i wasn't the one who ordered them. The Etouffee was colorful and deli-sh the crawfish were really soft and easy to chewy plus the flavor the sauce thy were in was amazing. I ordered the soft shell crab... i had never had soft shell crab before. It was pretty good! I would recommend that you put a little of the Cajun sauce that was served with the alligator.
Seafood Grandeur. Reminded me fondly of the great seafood days I had in New England and Boston in the past. The fish and chips (two-headed fried shrimp, fried tilapia, french fries) is so very New England. The Blackened Mahi Alexander is so creative they put shredded crawfish on top. You may choose something other as an entree, but please do yourself a favor and order the Lobster Bisque, which isn't only brisk bisque but also generous with lobster bites. You'll be full, so don't even dream of somersaults afterwards not unless you're purging.
Fast service, fastest i have seen!! Also very nice servers!!! I reallllly love their foods here oh and their bread omg!!! Honey plus bread=ftw
We went to meet some friends and had drinks while our friends finished dinner.  The server was OUTSTANDING!!!  She knew her job and did it with amazing accuracy! I have not had this kind of service since leaving Okinawa.  The place was packed but we were acknowledged immediatly and there was no issue when we joined our friends. :-)  CANNOT wait to go back for a full meal!!
We had to go to the west side of Phoenix and that was just the excuse for another dinner at Pappadeaux.

This time we were there in the middle of the week so there was no wait for a table.  

We went the same route on the appetizers with alligator and oysters.  No sense messing with perfection.

The hubby ordered the Chilean Sea Bass.  Expensive but fabulous.  I stole a couple of bites and it was cooked to perfection and seasoned just right.  Heavenly!

I wasn't very hungry after appetizers so I just had a bowl of Lobster Bisque.  HUGE chunks of lobster in there and so warm and satisfying.  This will be my choice from now on if I'm not feeling super hungry.  

Pappadeaux definitely has my vote as the best seafood place in Phoenix.
5 Stars is saying a lot about the quality of your dining experience at Pappadeaux.

-I've been here probably over five times since I've lived in AZ and every experience is top notch! 
Our server was really chill, laid back and even though very busy always checked to see if we needed anything. Most people these days even if the place is dead will not even check on you unless they are looking to drop off the bill. 

-The food is bomb, I had Stuffed Jumbo Shrimp wrapped in bacon over dirty rice (recommended). 
Atmosphere is fun and poppin all on a Sunday at that! I was really surprised. 

-Beast Seafood in AZ hands down for the reasons above, I would definitely check it out if your in town and want some good food and southern hospitality in the desert. 

5 STARS
my dad took us here for my mom's birthday -- one of the best seafood restaurants i've been to! prices are reasonable for the quality of food and service you receive. also, complimentary choice of dessert on your birthday. great place!
My first time at a cajun seafood kitchen and let me tell you it was great.  I wasn't so sure how the whole experience would go since I don't usually eat fish and I haven't had a lot of experience with cajun food either.  But my hesitation quickly slipped away as the ambiance of the restaurant engulfed me.  This is a fun place.

It was a busy night and so we had cocktails and appetizers on the patio--great patio!  As our table came available, we were escorted inside to nice location by the window.  (I love tables with a view.)  Our waiter was very helpful with the selections explaining in detail which dishes would suit our individual tastes. Nice variety of dishes on the menu.  My ceasar salad was was as nice complement to the shrimp etouffee and dirty rice.  Everything was spiced just right and the favors were just watering.

Our waiter checked back on us periodically, just enough to keep in touch but not be a bother.  He was attentive and concerned that his dinner suggestions met with our approval--they did.  He was very good and I wish I could remember his name, to give him a proper shout out. 

Needless to say, I'll be back next time I'm in Phoenix---Love you, Pappadeaux's!
Mmm Mmm, love Pappadeaux! Such great cajun/creole style food in a really fun environment. You must try the fondeaux and lobster bisque - my favorites! Always super crowded, so I would def make a reservation.
Unbelievable food for a chain restaurant! Normally we would never go to a chain place for dinner - especially in phoenix - but i could not resist all the pics of their food on facebook.

We started with the spinach/lump crab dip, it was good but not outstanding. I ordered the big bayou platter with stuffed shrimp, bacon wrapped shrimp and lobster - it was excellent (dirty rice was great too). My gf ordered king crab legs - wow - she got the medium and i swear it was a full pound and they tasted great.
Pappadeaux's is by far my favorite seafood splurge in AZ! Although this place is a chain the customer service is always excellent as well as the food. I've been here many times and have never had anything I didn't think was extraordinary. This last time I went I ordered the Crawfish Etouffee with Dirty rice; every bite was loaded with crawfish it was so much I could only eat half. It was fairly priced at $20.95, which at any other restaurant I would tucked my tail and hide but the food here is well worth the price. For appetizers my favorites include the Lobster Bisque, Fried Alligator and Crab Fingers. The only thing I don't like about Pappadeaux's is they don't have free refills on the Strawberry Lemonade.  Which again is fantastic, it has a delicate balance of sweet and sour but the glass is so loaded with ice you're literally paying $3.50 per glass on about  cups of actual juice.  The atmosphere is fun the lighting is more on the dim side but it fits the New Orleans theme throughout the restaurant. This place handles large crowds like a champ, my group this past Saturday was a party of 12 and the server had no problems with remembering who ordered what, as well as properly splitting the check. I highly recommend the restaurant to any seafood lover. If you don't like seafood there are a few other options but not many; the few they have are well executed. I also recommend trying out the Chef's Special of the Night. This place has an outdoor patio and the band is always playing on the weekend which serves as great entertainment when waiting for your table.
My favorite spot.  Everything is delicious..Everyone should have a Swamp thing at least once.
Wonderful fried alligator and "ok shrimp gumbo". Seems like the bowl has shrunk on the gumbo, or it differs by location. 

We came here for lunch. The wait on a table was about 30 minutes and the fried Alligator came immediately. However, it took over 35 minutes for our meals to come.

Seems coming on a crowded Thursday business lunch was a less than stellar idea. Generally, I've enjoyed this chain in other cities, but was a little less enthusiastic about this location and the food quality.
3 1/2 stars. It's been a year since last time I dined here and we sat in the main dinning room vs the outside patio. This area is large and overly noisy and it's difficult to even communicate here.

For dinner I ordered the Pasta Mardi Gras Linguine tossed with crawfish, andouille sausage & crimini mushrooms in a marinara cream sauce topped with jumbo grilled shrimp. The dish was tasty and the seafood was fresh except for the crawfish which was out of season. The pasta was not temperature hot - I think the noodles were cold and that made the dish lukewarm. The other entree we tried was Seafood Platter - Fried tilapia fillet, shrimp, blue crab cake, stuffed shrimp & stuffed crab and french fries. This was just eh! There was much filler on the stuffed items and I thought was pricey for what we received. Favorite item was the tilapia. For dessert we split the mint chocolate chip cheesecake which was yummy.

Our waiter was the best - very attentive to details constantly checked in with our needs and handled every request immediately. He was formerly employed at Pappadeaux in Houston but this gent could work at any dinning establishment.
Good food but service was subpar
It's the kind of place that I order what I think will be great, and it is, but everyone else seems to have ordered something even better. I walk out thinking, it's a bit more than what I usually want to spend, but I'm glad we went. The kind of place when we wonder where to go for seafood we wind up there.
It seems to have been transplanted, or at least the best replica in Phoenix, of Louisiana when I look at the clientele, who look like transplants from New Orleans looking for a good place to eat. It's lively, and is beautiful building with a red brick courtyard. The staff is knowledgeable, and very helpful to someone raised here and not that familiar with the great variety of seafood. I usually tip larger there than any other place. I've been accused of having moths fly out of my wallet so I have to rate this place very highly. In fact, for seafood I've been here the most often, having been very disappointed with other places in the valley.
Being someone that spent a lot of time in New Orleans, it's hard for me to give this place any more than 3 stars. Their food is "OK" but way over priced. 
The gumbo is not very gumbo like and their PoBoys need "more"

The drinks, however, will knock you out of your shoes! The bartenders are super friendly too!

I totally miss the Gulf Coast Oyster special since the oil spill....3.95 a dozen!  Not any more :( Ahh well. Life goes on.

I can't really suggest heading into Pappa for your seafood fix. There are better places in the valley.
Amazing
I've eaten here multiple time.  Have eaten at other Pappadeaux venues across the US.  Never really had a bad meal here or any other location.  Given that we live in a desert this is about as good as seafood gets.  There are other places that charge a lot more (Eddie Vs for example) but I've found Pappadeaux to be just as good and a whole lot cheaper (although Pappadeaux cost a few bucks).
Have been going to Pappaduex's off and on for awhile now.  Seems like I go through spurts where I wind up there several times in a row then not going back for what seems like a year.  That said, this chain is consistently good.  The service is always good, some times better than others but never bad.  
It is hard to find good creole and/or cajun food here and while this may not be considered authentic, it is good.  The alligator is lip smackin' good.
The atmosphere is somewhat lacking as the acoustics make conversation almost impossible.  Not a good place for a romantic meal, but a good place to have fun with friends.
The best advice that I can give is that if you plan to dine at Pappadeaux, plan to arrive early.  This place is positively packed later in the evening! Still, if you're ready to set aside the money to have a good night, you'll probably get it here.  

The restaraunt is extremely customer-service oriented with very polite employees who attempt to fulfill all your needs.   They'll even offer suggestions on what items to select depending on what your party is looking for, very helpful! 

On this particular trip I settled on the Crawfish Etouffee and ordered a Bloody Mary from the bar.  Between my meal and our appetizers (we went with the combo platter and pan-fried frog legs) I can say that I was totally satisfied by the end of the night.   Things were noisy but we were in the mood to relax and have fun and the atmosphere was certainly condusive to doing just that.   

The food may not have been particularly authentic compared to real Cajun/Creole food but it was completely satisfying and I was surprised that my drink was relatively inexpensive for its size and for a bar inside a restaraunt in the middle of the city.   While it can get expensive fast at Pappadeaux, the folks here definitely earn their money.  The live music on the patio was certainly a plus as well.
This place was excellent. I always go here when visiting Phoenix.  Best Seafood in town.
I had lunch at this same location years ago, and it was really very good.  Today I was really, really, really disappointed. I ordered the lunch crawfish bisque and garden salad ~ $10.  The garden salad included iceburg lettuce, which is something I would expect at Denny's. The huge disappointment was that the crawfish in the crawfish bisque tasted like they had freezer burn. Ewww, ewww, ewww. I would have said something, but I was someone's guest.
Been here a few times, the most recent of which was Wednesday evening for their annual crawfish broil (offered Wednesdays and Thursdays through March and April).  The seafood here is pretty fresh and service is usually top-notch.  

I'm not a fan of crawfish, but my friends always rave about it, so I gave it a shot. I played it safe and ordered the 1 1/4 lb option ($7.95) while they ordered 2.5 lbs ($15.90).  I ate about four of the crawfish and sorry folks, still not a fan.  The seasoning was too spicy and salty.  I ate the corn and gave the rest of the crawfish away.  I'll stick to crab, lobster or shrimp  - more meat.

I ordered the jumbo lump crab cake ($13.95) and shared an order of the P.E.I. mussels ($10.95). The crab cake was delicious - kudos to them for not skimping on the meat.  I was not a fan of mussels before Pappadeaux, but now I'm hooked and always order their P.E.I. mussels.  

This place seems to always be packed, regardless of which day of the week it is.
Got the crawfish boil...yum!  Good spice mix, but I would have loved to have it spicier.  The oysters were mediocre, not the best quality.  I prefer Ocean Trail for my oysters.  It was super busy, luckily I got there at 5 and didn't have to wait.  I'd really only come here for the crawfish--everything else was average and not special.
Always great meal here.
First time and last...very dissapointed w service and food not good at all...guess that we are  not coming back. Joe's Crabs is.the best.
I'm not an expert on New Orleans seafood by any means, but the mixed seafood grill was very good.  Everything was cooked perfectly, which is quite a trick, especially with the variety of meats on the skewer.  I would have saved some for leftovers, but my hotel room doesn't have refrigerator or microwave :(

The only thing I could have wished for is wild Pacific salmon instead of the Atlantic salmon, but I guess that would make it less authentic.

I dined on the patio, so I didn't much of a feel for the ambience inside, but it did seem rather loud as I passed through the lobby...
Some think the term "It is what it is" is stupid. 
I think the saying " I hate fish that tastes fishy" is stupid. 
Especially when the person saying it  just happens to be the Summer's Eve poster child and coincidentally, your date for the evening.

I've eaten here since they opened, trying everything on their menu at one time or another, even some things not on the menu. 
If you don't see the cedar planked salmon on the menu, ask for it. 

You'll never tell another soul how you don't like fishy fish again after eating this salmon...it's the most un-fishy-est, yet fishy-est fish fish dish you'll ever eat. 
If that makes any sense.

You do however have your date to contend with afterwards. Or did you forget?
Oh well.
It is what it is.
Had some gator, pretty cool. Long wait to sit and the place is so busy that any messes are swept or kicked under the table. For my wife and I to eat, it cost $120 including tip.
Cheesecake was awesome.
My wife & I went for dinner with some friends at Pappadeaux's.  The food was good.  We had fried alligator tail for a starter.  My wife had the softshell crabs.  I had the andouille sausage and seafood gumbo.  Both were very good.  The creme brulee we had afterwards was also wonderful.  For Arizona, I would call this good Cajun/Creole....however, nothing beats the French Quarter in New Orleans.
What a night! So I decided to treat myself to some lovely mudbugs aka crawfish during the annual crawfish boil that happens every March to April here at Pappadeaux's. I got in just in time to get a seat at the bar and get situated. The fantabulous Susan, Sarah and Colin took GREAT care of me all night. From Susan nudging me to get the bigger glass of beer (good call and it was an easy nudge) to all three of them checking in on me as I was devouring the 2.5 lbs of crawfish I had ordered. #teamgreedy in full effect!

So between the fabulous bar staff and me meeting some new bar patrons, it was a great night. I chatted it up with about everyone and we even had some skinamax stuff going on at the end of the bar. Funny indeed. Oh and to top off my night, my entire dinner tab was paid for by the nice gentleman I had chatted it up with most of the evening. How very sweet and overly generous was that? ( No,no love connection or anything just a kind gesture with NO expectations!) Wow, talking about being blessed. 

I only have about two more weeks before the crawfish boil ends. So needless to say I will be back again the next two Thursdays to get my fix.
This is some good cajun!  First visit here.  I'd heard a lot about this place, but living in Gilbert it's not easy to get here.  Today we were within about 4 miles, so we went for it!

Went with the family.  Between us we ordered the Cajun Combo (which was a blackened catfish and shrimp creole with dirty rice), Pasta Mardis Gras (which has andouille, crawfish, and grilled shrimp in a marinara over pasta), and a po boy and gumbo.  The po boy was good, the gumbo was very good.  And they were the least of the three orders!  The pasta and the combo were both outstanding!  Really flavorful and good!  

Portion sizes were respectable.  We had to pack some of the food home.

Service was a little weak.  A bit slow and inattentive.  Not really 'bad', but could have been better.  I'd take away maybe 1/2 star for it, at most.  But I can't bring myself to downgrade a whole star, so 5 it is.

We'll definitely be coming back here when we can.  Best cajun/creole food we've found in the Valley so far.
Good food, very good actually- the oysters tasted like they were fresh and I usually eat them fresh off a boat.  The staff was a little odd with the check in, and I could do without the band, but the food was excellent.
I love this place. From gumbo, to crawfish I have never had anything bad here. 
The service is always stellar, I have had the pleasure to talk to some of the new waiters in training and it is intense apparently. They have to have the menus memorized backwards and forwards and be able to answer just about any question you can think of on the spot.

However if I can give one piece of advise:
Save room for dessert. Their dessert tray is to die for and they will bring it to your table so you can see everything on it and make your choice, then they will make you a fresh one of whatever you choose.

Pros: 
Great for families
Great food
Amazing Service

Con:
Kinda expensive on the wallet
if you're looking for authentic cajun, this is not the place.  it's more like Joe's Crab Shack with a Louisiana theme.  overpriced food, the servers/bartenders are too busy to be attentive .  I ordered a special redfish dish (which was not cheap) and the redfish had either been frozen for a long time or, most likely, microwaved.  tis was the deal-breaker.  everything was decent until I got my entree but eating rubbery-textured redfish was not a great way to top off a meal.  I have spent some time in New Orleans and LOVE cajun food and this place does it no justice!  and for what you have to pay for the food, you can pretty much fly to N'Awlins and have the real deal.
It is only a short time in spring when crawfish are in season and on Wednesdays and Thursdays, this place flies them in fresh and offers them until they run out.  I am addicted to the mudbugs and have been to Pappadeauxs 5 times since mid March to get my fill of them.  The bartenders recognize me by now.  I have been going in every season for the past 4-5 years.  Usually I sit at the bar and find the service to be friendly and top notch.  I most often start with a half dozen raw oysters and then move on to the crawfish.  Oh, boy, are they good and go perfectly with an ice cold Shiner Bock draft!   Took my mom last week and we sat at the bar.  Had some mussels to start.  Very good again.  Even though this place is packed every time I go in, there never seems to be a break in the service quality.  I have also been in recently with a large group and sat in the dining room.  Fantastic meal.  We all had something different and everyone was pleased.  A little loud for my liking but that is to be expected when a place is as busy as this restaurant always seems to be.   Don't let the metro location scare you off.  Quality seafood and quality service.
First off... the smoking section is to open and close to the people waiting to be called for their tables... I don't mind this so much as i hate watching a stand-in hostess stuff her face with crackers while we wait 20 minutes (which turned in to longer, of course while people that got there after us went in before we did...) We get to our table and get the most lethargic and unresponsive waitress we could possibly get. Great we get our order in with no feedback or questions on how we want anything cooked or substitutes on sides or how we want our potatoes... absolutely unacceptable. Get our drinks and my SO's drink cup has a layer of grease film on the top of his Extremely watered down coke... yummy. Menus left on the table, extra silver on the table. Our waitress didn't even clear anything off and just let it all pile up. We ordered calamari and get this microwaved, freeze burn crap that tasted like rubber on some pieces and gushy  on others... gross. Look at the extra plate left on the other side of our already cluttered table and it had food flecks on it.... Absolutely disgusting. Will NEVER go back there again. bad bad bad.
I could go on & on about how much I truly enjoy eating here; the deliciously unique and flavorful Cajun/creole seasonings/dishes, the fresh seafood, the steamy oven fresh French bread, the lovely décor, the caring & attentive wait service, the live entertainment playing outside which we enjoyed while waiting to be seated.  All of this adds up to a consistently wonderful dining experience which I would gladly repeat anytime we're in the area. Fair warning: this place can be very busy at times. Don't let this dissuade you from giving this great place a try. You won't be disappointed.
For my 100th review, i choose Pappadeaux. The first time i was ever there , Saturday night.   Fantastic ,Wow we loved it!  
Our server was Robert, he gets an A plus in customer service..We started with Water ,wine, Ice Tea, and my girl got coffee. He brought lemons and straws for our water, Brewed fresh coffee and kept my Ice Tea refilled the entire night.
The meals were incredible. Our appetizer  was to die for.   
The meals are huge ,we had to take it to go and we had enough for dinner on Sunday. Mediterranean Calamari was so good!  We did not like the Capers in it, but it also comes with fired artichoke!! 
Lobster Bisque, was probably the best i have ever had!  The Lobster,Crab, and Talapia were all very fresh. They say they have it flown in every day. I believe it because, it was as i said fantastic!    The decor is very good, dark wood, everything nice and big.  
 We cannot wait to come back here. Lots of Parking in the lot.
Excellent service and food           

enjoyed live music on patio
Came here for mother's day! It was packed but the wait wasn't too bad and they had a band and drinks while you were waiting. 

We got Calamari for the app. It was your typical Calamari. My sister and I shared the Sampler Platter. It had Tilipia, Shrimp, and Chicken with fries. We got full pretty fast, and it was really good. I don't normally like seafood, but it was all fried and good. Dessert we shared the turtle brownie...It was a little dry and needed to be warmer. 

Our server was really outgoing and funny. It was super busy so it took her awhile to get to us, but she was a good waitress. Made us laugh quite a bit. 

I'd like to go back on a calmer day to see if the quality was lacking because of the Mother's Day rush.
Hands down the best Seafood and Cajun food in all of Phoenix and the surrounding cities! A must try!
I absolutely LOVE this restaurant! I try something new every time and they've never let me down! Everything from the fried alligator to the crawfish to the costa rican tilapia w/ lobster taste like a little piece of heaven!!
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner on a Friday night with his parents for his birthday celebration.  I had heard it gets backed and that I should make a reservation.  Trying to ensure no annoyances with waiting, I made sure to call early in the afternoon to ask for a 6:00 pm reservation.  They don't take reservations during that time ... okay, that's fine, I understand BUT they will accept call-aheads and they will make sure your name is already on the waiting list before you get there.  Woo! that works! I call at 5:30 pm and let them know we will be half an hour.  Due to the fact they did not have a wait at that time, they would not take my name or party information.  When we got there at 6 pm, they had a wait.  I was decently annoyed but since it was only a 15-20 minute wait for our table, I wasn't overly annoyed.  We got our table, our server, and placed our order.  Sadly, there were multiple tables around us in and out before we even got our entrees.  There were several tables that ended up having three parties in and out before we were finally done.  That was a pretty big annoyance to say the least, especially since we were pretty hungry and we saw other tables getting served at a much more rapid pace!!!  The place does extremely well because the food is absolutely AMAZING.  The seafood gets flown in daily and not too many seafood places in Arizona can say the same thing.  Despite the waits we had to have to get seated and to finally get our food and then the wait for dessert, I still managed to embarass myself with the amount of amazing tasting food I devoured
Terrible service! 

Cold Mahi Mahi Alexander. Cold Andouille Sausage Gumbo. Cold hard bread. Server Renee B had zero personality, wasn't helpful, didn't bring silver wear until well after the meals were delivered. Never came back to check in us. If she did she would have learned that our food was cold and we didn't have silverware. I understand the place is super busy, but none of the other servers seemed to have a problem checking on their tables. I'm sorry, but there is just no excuse for bad customer service.

And what kind of manager doesn't acknowledge when a mistake by his staff or kitchen has been made? Not even an apology? Shame on you Philip! I came from Cali to patronize your establishment and this is how you treat your customers? Not sure I'd return.
Great food love it
I went there last Saturday right after my 6 hours intense exam, it's a long drive from Mesa.  The waiter was very nice and helpful, I got seated right away without waiting, it's weekend, so the restaurant was very crowded. I ordered a crawfish platter, which I have been missing for quite a long time and Pappadeaux seems the first decent seafood restaurant I found that serve crawfish.  Both the service and the food were excellent.  I just feel the sauce was a bit spicy for me, should have told waiter to make it less spicy.  I also like the environment outside the restaurant, very pretty view~   I would definitely go back and try some more dishes if I am in Phoenix area next time and feel ok with long drive.
This place is pretty consistent.  But let me warn you, everything seems to come in EXTRA LARGE portions.  I guess that's kinda standard in AZ.  Everywhere I've been, everything seems super-sized.  It's a bit much and overwhelming in terms of their portions. 

Service/Atmosphere: Went there after I landed Friday night.  The place was not crazy packed like I remember when I went there on a weekend...usually there was a wait.  The main room was very loud and a table in the back room was much quieter.  Service is on point and they are really nice and attentive in terms of refills and such. 

Food: 
-Blue Point Oysters - didn't quite taste like blue point and kinda larger than I expected, but of course, still fresh and tasty!  Not as sweet as I think blue points should be.
-Texas Redfish Pontchartrain topped with a savory crab and shrimp in a brown butter wine sauce over dirty rice.  The portion was enormous.  The fish lacked taste and it was only saved because of the sauce.  The dirty rice was awesome.
-Lobster in a Pot - it's a mix of lobster, corn, sausage, onions, and potato.  The broth was tasty and the lobster was tender and not overcooked.  
-Sampler dessert trio - I wasn't much of a fan, but the creme brulee was ok.  

Overall:
I've always enjoyed this place and the food is consistent and I've always had good service when I come here, although my friend has experienced both.  It's a redo for me here.
This is my hubby's go to place for seafood.  Love the fresh oysters and fish. Service for the most part is pretty good...it can be spotty in the dining room.  Food is consistently great every time.
We drive by this place every day on the way home from work. One Friday night we decided we would have dinner here. Upon walking in, I absolutely fell in love with the patio. They had music going and the atmosphere was amazing. 

We were seated before the rush kicked in. Our waiter was SO nice! We told him we had never been there and he was very attentive and helpful. He suggested we try to fried alligator for an appetizer, we both hesitated because we had never had alligator. But it was a go big or go home type of night so we decided to try it! Oddly enough we both LOVED It! 

My boyfriend had a fish dish and I had lobster with shrimp dish. I had never ate lobster and did not like it, but that's just my own review of the lobster NOT of the restaurant. We will definitely be going back!

The only downside to it is the price, although for both of us our bill was about $120.00, we will definitely be going back. Next time we may not order as much food though.
This 2 stars is extremely generous. Wanna know why? Read on.

My party of 7 and a baby got to Pappadeux's around 6:30. We were told that it would be a 30-minute wait. It ended up being more than an hour. We were standing right in front of the hostess station, yet no one ever came to give us updates on how long it would be for our table. We would go check about every 20 or so minutes. One time we were told that our table was ready. When we went to check on it after about 20 minutes we were told that they were waiting on a busboy to clean it. A few minutes later they were still waiting on a busboy. In what universe does it take a restaurant 30 minutes to find a busboy to clean a table? We watched group after group after group get seated. A group of 7 that came after us was seated before us. We ended up being sat next to them; by the time we were getting our menus, they were finishing up their meals.

Once we were finally seated, we waited almost 10 minutes before someone came to our table to introduce himself as our waiter. When he asked how we were doing, we kindly told him that we were a little frustrated because it had taken more than twice as long as we were told, and we had been told twice that they were waiting on a busboy to clean the table. The waiter said that it was a busy night and said that he didn't get paid to deal with unhappy customers. He asked, "So are you gonna do this or what?" WHAT?! It was so rude - I don't know how he meant it, but it came across as sounding extremely annoyed. We were appalled and my boyfriend asked to speak to a manager.

The manager came over and spoke with my boyfriend. Not sure what was said, but after that things got much better. The manager brought us an appetizer plate on the house. Our food ended up being really good - including the alligator. I got shrimp etoufee, and it was great. The gumbo wasn't so fabulous. Overall, everyone was satisfied with their meal. We got three different drinks, and they basically tasted the same: like cherry Nyquil.

The food was good, but it's not always about the food. The service was horrible. Don't think I'd ever go there again. There are too many other places with great food and equally great service.
We went here for father's day. The place wasn't too busy when we arrived, about a 20 minute wait so we took seats at the bar which was open. It was nice to see that the bar offered full service and had the wait been longer we might have entertained the though of sitting at the bar but there is limited space and we weren't sure how big the servings were, the plates, etc. So we grabbed a few beers and waited. They do have Turbodog on tap which I had never heard of before then. The bartender offered me a sample and I really enjoyed it. We weren't up at the bar long and our pager went off. We had to cash out there which is customary and we headed to our seat.

Our waitress was very friendly. We already had beers so she didn't need to get us drinks and we already knew what we wanted for appetizers so we ordered right away the and appetizers came out pretty quickly. We had the oysters Baton Rouge were fantastic to be honest with you. No complaints at all there. 

For our main dishes I ordered the Jumbo Shrimp Brochette and Brandi ordered the Crawfish Platter which includes fried crawfish and crawfish etouffee. Each dish was 23.95 and neither dish was worth it. The jumbo shrimp was flavorless. All you could taste was the bacon. You could have served me straight bacon for 5 bucks and it would have tasted the same. The jalapeno rice that came with it was good though. the fried portion of the crawfish platter was plentiful and very good but the etouffee was bland. 

On top of that we never got any bread until the meal came out and here's the kicker on that. It took an HOUR for the meal to come out. Keep in mind they weren't even really that busy. We had 3 tables sit down around us afterwards and all three got their food before us. And the thing is the waitress was oblivious. We had to track her down in order to inquire about our food. I feel it is part of her responsibility to know that we are sitting there for an hour without food. She said she would get a manager right on it. and when we did get the food it was brought by a manager to us but he never once acknowledged us or said he was sorry for the wait or anything. Didn't ask if we needed anything else either. Came, dropped our food off and split. To be honest with you I expected the food to be cold as if it was sitting somewhere forgotten about but it wasn't. Seemed fresh which makes me think the order never was put in and when it was they made it immediately. 

For me to go to a place to eat and drop 100 bucks I expect better food than what I got and I definitely expect better service. 

I was extremely disappointed in this visit.
Every time I go to Pappadeaux  I get the item on the Appetizer menu, Large order of Fried Alligator.  I always ask that I get half Fried and half Blackened Cajun.  Take a piece dip it in that AMAZING sauce that it comes with and be prepared to know what HEAVEN IS LIKE!!!  I just LOVE this dish so much that I get it at least once a month if not more. And anytime I go to a Pappadeaux's Resturant I get this dish.  ITS UNBELIEVABLE!!!!
this place is the best havnt had this kind of food in cali and the prices was fair,i really enjoyed the food and believe me im a very hard person to please thumbs up pappadeaux,please bring one to cali
This was my second time eating at Pappadeaux and I have to say that I was equally impressed as the first time.  The service was excellent both times and the food is pretty good too!  I had the Shrimp Etouffe the first time and it was an excellent choice and the second time I had the fried shrimp with a side of the Seafood Gumbo.  I really liked the fried shrimp but didn't really care for the Seafood Gumbo, it just totally fell below my expectations (it was chunky and bland) but I was so impressed with the rest of my food that it didn't take away from my overall experience.  We also had the Crab Spinach Dip...yummy!!
If you want Cajun food in Arizona, this is the place to go. 

If you want Oysters (remember, in season in months with an "R" in them) this is the best place in the valley to get them! 

If you want a giant hurricane with a skewer of fruit sitting on top, this is the place for that as well! What can I say, I love an alcoholic slushy!

My personal favorites are the Pappas greek salad, the gumbo and the crawfish etoufee. 

You'll pay a fair bit, but you'll never leave Pappadeaux hungry or unimpressed!
Oh Papadeaux, you are one of my most f-a-v-o-r-i-t-e places to go enjoy a lovely, fresh and deliciously flavorful creole or Cajun seafood meal. I love the ambiance of this place as it truly feels like I'm back again in NOLA. I don't even mind waiting 30 or so minutes to be seated while live blues music serenades me in preparation for those addictive flavors to come. The sights, the smells, the sounds, the service and most importantly the flavors, Papadeaux consistently delivers the entire package. I most certainly will return again and again!
I've come here multiple times and each and every time I HAVE to get the alligator.
I love almost everything on the menu. It's all worth trying. Just watch the deep fried platters...there is such a thing as too much deep fried food on one plate. It can tend to get a bit overwhelming.
I think my only complaint is that the service always kinda seems a little slow and the prices are a bit much. I mean, I understand that seafood prices can be a bit much but they seem to seriously jack up the prices at this place.
I love the little dessert tray they have to show you what they have on the dessert menu that night. I'm a visual type of person and it's just so helpful. They're desserts are really good too so if you can manage to leave room for them, I suggest you try something.
Pappadeaux has been my go to ever since I moved here.  I remember spending a night at their bar watching Kim blow the D-Back's lead in the World Series while eating some fried alligator.  

Since then I have learned to appreciate food more and have become quite fond of Pappadeaux, especially during happy hour.  Pappadeaux's has never let me down in regards to food.  When you sit at the bar the service is sometimes, more often then not, lacking (hence the reason for only four stars).  

You can't go wrong with the Oysters, and their Po' Boys are on point.  If you are there for dinner anything you order is sure to please, but maybe try the seafood platter.  Pretty sure we have sampled most of the menu, which does change.  If you have never had Alligator, try it!!  I can go on and on, but again I don't remember a menu item I did not like or would not recommend.  Me not being a dessert fan it is hard, but I would recommend the key lime pie.

Pappadeaux's you are a treat, thank you for the fresh product and refreshing drink.
Best seafood you will ever eat! Everything taste fresh and delicious. I ordered the Wild King Alaskan Salmon and the waiter said they were a little disappointed with the presentation of my plate because it broke in half during the plating process. (even though I couldn't tell) he said they were gonna bring me another piece to make up for it. I thought it was just going to be a piece but to my surprise they brought me a new Wild King Alaskan Salmon! If that's not customer service then I don't know what is! The staff does a fine job of keeping your glasses full and keeping your table just happy to be there at the restaurant. I would recommend this place to anyone.... And yes it is 100x better than Red Lobster! you have to try the fried Alligator! it takes a bit like chicken but with it's own distinct flavor.
all the way from cali,had to have this place oh how i love the food great place icant lie i love there food
This place is a little more fancy than I expected....decor and atmosphere-wise...I thought it would be plain and simple like Red Lobster but actually the place has a very southern homey feeling to it.....although a seafood place they had like deer heads hanging and other sorts of weird decor. 
 
Came here for dinner yesterday night with my bf and his apartment-mate...we got a table right away but even for a weekday they were still half a full house. The first thing I saw on their menu was the Crispy Alligator appetizer. ALLIGATOR! ooooh but then I wanted to try their oyster appetizers cause they sound good too....ahhhhhh their menu is full of yummy choices! It was difficult deciding what I wanted to get...but after much debate....my bf and I decided to order the Oyster Duo appetizer and share the Pappadeaux Platter -- which is an amazing sample platter of all the fried variety they offer on the fried seafood section of their menu. 

So the Oysters Duo -- comes with 3 oysters on half shell baked with a parmesan romano cheese sauce and 3 oysters on half shell topped with crabmeat, spinach and drizzled with Hollandaise sauce. -- oooh they were both delicious however I recommend the later one more just cause it's very unique to this restaurant. I got to also try a few pieces of the Crispy Fried Alligator from our friend's Appetizer Trio Platter - It was pretty good actually tastes like chicken...but surprisingly more tender - I was thinking alligator meat would be tough and rough but not at all....I wouldn't have known it's alligator meat if you didn't tell me. But now I can say I have had alligator meat!

The Pappadeaux Platter was pretty good - everything is well  -- fried! However I like the blue crab cake the most, the mini fried crawfish (kind of like popcorn shrimp) is second best however I have to say that the fried Tilapia was a disappointment because it was sadly bland and really dry...it was the only thing I didn't like on the platter. but everything else was good. - - I even tried their watermelon lemonade and it was super refreshing!

I was really excited for dessert cause I saw them carrying around a platter of sample of the desserts that they have...so when we were ready for dessert I was excited to see the dessert platter - unfortunately there was nothing on the dessert platter I wanted because they all looked really rich and sweet....such as their sweet potato pecan pie, key lime pie, praline cheesecake, praline bread pudding souffle or turtle fudge brownie was just too much even for the eyes..lol They were also massive in portions so I decided not to have any. 

The service was really good, our waitress was pretty quick and friendly. Overall I enjoyed the most of the food (except the fried tilapia) and the service is good so it earned it's four stars. :)
Experienced happy hour for the first time.  Amazing food and drink for cheap prices.  Only downer the bar tender.  It was a pasted on smile.  I will return and take people with me.
This place had some seriously amazing Louisiana style sea food dishes.  Too bad i showed up off-season for craw fish, but other than that, it was total class.  
They seated me and my friend in the corner but we end up having a great view of the place, and seemed a bit more intimate that way. This also gave us a great view of the outside seating area to people watch as well.
The food itself was very rich and delicious.  I don't remember the name of the dish but it featured baked oysters.  Every bite was delicious.
I am definitely coming back there if I am looking for a nice seat down in the West Valley.
This place is amazing!!! Unbelievable how fresh the seafood is, especially since it's located in Arizona. Took my hubby here for his bday and the atmosphere was perfect! Awesome cocktails as well! They just need to get rid of all the soliciters out front.
Amazing food. I've tried almost everything on the menu from the gumbo to the alligator and this place doesn't ever fall short. Definitely try it if you haven't already!
First heard of this restaurant in Houston a few weeks ago.  Absolutely perfect.  Almost too good.  Found out there was one in Phoenix, AZ, where I live.  Tried it, expecting it not to be as good, since the Gulf is well known for its seafood, and Phoenix is not.  We received the exact level of quality in food and service.  Highly recommend this Restaurant
Thoroughly enjoyed my recent date night at Pappadeaux.  The Hubs and I have been dying to try this place out thanks to all these amazing reviews on yelp and boy are they right.  The place was packed on a Saturday night at 5pm, which is a good indication one is in for a treat.  We made a reservation just in case, since we were going to see a show later that night.  Our waiter greeted us quickly and was very friendly and upbeat.  He told us the specials and took our drink order while we looked over the huge menu.

In the end we got the lobster roll appetizer, halibut, and bread pudding for dessert.  Everything was soooo... good and very filling.  The lobster appetizer was full of flavor, especially the sauce it came with.  The halibut was cooked perfectly and the grits on the side were amazing.  We loved the bread pudding, which was HUGE for the price.  I wish there weren't as many raisins, but all in all it was great.

So glad to have found this place!  I know it's a chain, which I usually don't love, but the old-school vibe and good quality/quantity of food made up for that.  We'll be back for sure!
Ok. Nice entrance. Needs to have an ambiance update! Someone call Gordon Ramsey STAT. Established in 1986, and every bit of carpet and mirrored walls to prove it. Food, Lobster bisque was good. Seems more of a place for drinks though. The waitress messed up our order, so we weren't too impressed. A bit pricey too. Not going to go back.
Hey now, you can't go wrong with Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen and their friendly staff.
Even thought some of their items are overpriced I love coming here once or twice a year.
Not the best seafood place in town but still better than  most!!!
Worth the visit and $100 for a party of two.
Enjoy!!
If you like seafood this is a must place to eat when your in Arizona going back before I leave here We ate well  and you won't break the bank Dang this shit is Real Good
The service sucked!! We had a party of 20 and we didn't get our food till 2 hours later...I got my food 5 minutes after everyone in my party was done!!  Seriously you really need to have a talk with your staff!!!!  i work in a restaurant...serving the customers their food on a timely manner and not forgetting orders is very important!!
We went to Pappadeaux's for the first time tonight and it was seriously amazing. My wife and I started with the Oysters Pappadeaux they were very good. It was our first time trying any kind of baked oyster, we like the raw ones better for sure. We also had the greek salad with lump crab. Oh wow that was good. My wife had the Halibut Picata for dinner and I had the Snapper with Live Maine Lobster. The fish was cooked perfectly and the respective sauces were rich and citrusy balanced to perfection. The sides were great as well. For dessert we had the Strawberry Cheesecake and the Carrot Cake Cheesecake. Both were very good.
The staff was freindly and engaging. Our waitress was very helpful and knew alot about the menu. We always ask our first time at a new place and she was very very good. This place is all class, the food is delicous and the staff is fantastic. I highly reccomend this place when you're in the mood for seafood.
Ahi tuna appetizer was delicious as were the cocktails. Our waitress was very friendly. Dinner portions are huge, even split are more than enough for two people. Will definitely be back.
Service was horrid!  When a party calls with a reservation and you confirm said reservation they should not be told to either sit outside or wait for an additional thirty minutes before being seated.  (This is after a 20 minute wait past the reservation already.)  All food was either overcooked or undercooked.  Some meals were not even brought out until after other party members had already fisnished.  Trying to flag down a waiter for a refill on a water was nearly impossiable.  I realize that it is not the wait staff's fault but rather poor management.  In the future I will stick to a less pricey better tasting cajun option.
I have been to Pappadeaux several times with family and friends and to celebrate anniversaries and birthdays, and they have never dissapointed. In fact, the food, service and atmosphere are all top-notch. Seriously, even Gordon Ramsey would like it and he's REALLY picky. 

FOOD: Exceptional. no ginormous portions here...just the right amount to leave you full and satisfied. They serve freshly baked bread w/sweet butter with your before-dinner drinks. Yum. I have to say, I am not a big seafood fan, but my family and friends are, and they say the seafood dishes are the best ever, even things like raw oysters, which look like they came out of a gourmet magazine, as they are very big on presentation here. I have had fried catfish, which was excellent. The last time I was there I had a ribeye steak with broccolini and potatoes. SERIOUSLY? The steak was THE.BEST.I'VE.EVER.HAD.ANYWHERE. Perfectly seasoned and had a great sear on it and was tender and juicy, in spite of my ordering it "Medium". My complimets to the chef.

WAIT STAFF: Courteous. Prompt. Attentive and knowledgable. They really work those cute tuxedo outfits ;)

DESSERTS: HOLY MOLY. Yes, I know...calorie fest. But it's worth it, believe me. You can get crème brûlée, which is fantastic, cheesecake, bread pudding, etc. but I always get the key lime pie. They serve it surrounded by fresh raspberry sauce and partnered with fresh whipped cream.The raspberry sauce gives it just the right balance with the sweet tangy creaminess of the key lime custard, and they decorate your plate with fresh berries and key lime wedges that impart their fragrant aroma to enhance the whole experience. 

AMBIENCE: Nice. Fun. Lots of windows, which look out onto grounds full of trees and shrubs and clear lights strung outside to add to the charm of the place. It is a busy, bustling restaurant and it makes you feel like you are in the Renoir painting "Luncheon of the Boating Party". Everyone appears to be smiling and having a good time, and after all, that's what a good dining experience should be.

Pricey? A little. But it is well worth it; Pinky swear.
Met our daughter to celebrate my wife's birthday. Coming from FH was about an hour and the traffic was congested but we made it on time, 6 PM on a Friday. As we walked to our table, I noticed that this place was packed. 
Our server, Audrey, was right on top of things. She greeted us, asked if this was our first time and told us about the specials. She made us feel like we were invited to her house. 
We started off with a small order of alligator which my wife and daughter have never tried. I told them it was like a very tender chicken nugget. They loved it., especially the bed of fried potatoe shavings.
I loved the lettuce wedge and it's just as large as the one at Cheesecake Factory.
My daughter ordered the Crispy Fried Shrimp. My wife had the Live Maine Lobster and I ordered the Cedar Plank Alaskan Salmon.
The shrimp dish had butterflied shrimp with french fries and the main lobster was enjoyed, but I think I would have preferred the Caribbean lobster because the meat would be much firmer. My salmon was cooked just right, it only came with the asparagus which was nice and plump. I brought half of my dinner home.
We finished off the dinner with a Key Lime pie which was delicious. 
Our server had a keen eye. She automatically assumed that it was a birthday dinner, because she saw my wife reading a birthday card and opening her present from my daughter, and comp'd the desert.
Audrey made our evening enjoyable and when we go back, we'll ask for her.
We left town early enough to make it here before closing.  It's our favorite place for fresh fish.  Every time we come, regardless of the season, the food is always top notch.  The service is just as good as the food and tonight was no exception. 

For months we have been waiting for this trip, knowing we would be eating here made the planning even more exciting, and we finally got our most favorite desert, the carrot cake cheesecake.  We had tried this a long time ago and been waiting for it to come back on the menu and we were lucky enough tonight.   

We love this place so much, we always end up buying gift cards for family members to enjoy it too!
09/07/12

The place is huge and beautiful inside and outside. The entrance is somewhat hidden.

The service is very friendly and helpful from the moment that you enter, and there are employees everywhere!

I ordered the handcrafted strawberry lemonade. It was delicious.

I inquired about the spiciness of the crawfish étouffée, and ordered it with a request to kick up the Cajun a bit. I've been craving for some good étouffée since a recent visit to a place in Bakersfield.

The crawfish étouffée was excellent, the portions are huge. My order was accidentally split in half, and each half was huge! 

Yummy...

A freshly baked loaf of bread was delivered to my table.

Robert was a great server and did a great job! Thanks robert!
This place changed my wife's views about seafood. When we first met she was not a big fan of seafood till Pappadeux took her mind to a new dimension. 

Must try items

* Seafood Gumbo
* Shrimp Etouffee With white rice
* Atlantic Salmon Yvette
* Tilapia Lafayette

Pappadeux is a winning at all times wish there was more locations in phoenix
I've never had a bad experience at Pappadeauxs. I've been here at least a dozen times and have to say that the food and service is always outstanding. There are so many delicious looking items on the menu that it is tough to decide what to order sometimes. 
     I'm combining experiences here. I recently drove 200 miles round trip to have lunch here. My waitress/bartender Erin was awesome.
     Appetizers... alligator is unbelievable. I always ask for it blackened instead of fried... sooo good. Shrimp and Crawfish fondeaux is sooo good yet so bad if you're on a diet. Don't miss out on the oyster duo.. cooked 2 ways. Mediterranean calamari is great, also crab cakes, oysters on the half shell...you get the point.
     This place feels cajun and gets you in the mood with its ambience. Fresh fish, great food, service and generous portions are what Pappadeauxs is all about. You won't be dissapointed.
Yummy...Seafood.. This place has both seafood from the west coast and east coast..


I love their selections.. Their shrimp and lobster salad looked succulent and their Cajun gumbo was to die for..  

This is the real deal if you want to eat a seafood restaurant.. Hands down one of the best seafood restaurants I have been too in a long time...

Wonderful very bright atmosphere makes you feel like your on island in the middle of the desert...hehe
Date night...Blackened Fish with Alexander Sauce!
This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix by far!

Pappadeaux makes awesome cajun food. Cajun is one of my favorite styles of food because it is a way of getting food that is spicy and/or seafood and/or covered in butter.

My favorite dish is the mediterranean calamari.  This calamari is fried with artichokes, then topped with feta, capers and tomatoes.  Finally, it is drizzled in butter.  There is clearly a greek influence in this dish, which is another one of my favorite types of cuisine.  

I have frequented this place enough to fall in love with several other appetizers as well: the lump crab and spinach dip, the shrimp and crawfish fondeaux, the jumbo lump crab cakes and the lobster bisque are all delicious!  

For an entree I would recommend the soft shell crab or the lobster tail.  If these are out of your price range, just get a bunch of appetizers and save room for dessert!  The seafood here is the freshest that one can hope for in Arizona, so I personally think it is worth splurging a little.  

Their cocktails are great!  If you get any of the blended ones, be careful!  They are so tasty, you may not notice how strong they are!  I like the frozen margarita and the swamp thing.

Last, but certainly not least, you will undoubtedly be tempted by the deserts here.   This is not only because they have a dessert tray but because they are southern comfort classics.  I am addicted to the banana bread pudding, the key lime pie and all of the different styles of cheesecakes.  They have a few staple items which are always on the tray and they have seasonal selections as well.

I love the atmosphere here.  It has dim, romantic lighting.  It can get loud at times especially when they have live cajun music.  

The service is great here, most of the time.  Once or twice it has been a bit slow, but because of how great the food is, I will always come back for more!
What can I say, oysters are the bomb here, and the deserts are top notch, my favorites are the key lime pie and tried a new one called pumpkin cheesecake - delicous!
It's a chain but a good one. It's been at this location for a long time now, they're still thriving, and it's all for good reason.

There are a lot of great options here but some of my favorites are the catfish po' boy, fried alligator and crawfish boil. One must try appetizer are the sautéed frog legs. If you haven't had frog legs before this is a good place to try them. 

They've got great atmosphere indoors, a great patio that typically features live music and the service is always fantastic. A fine choice for lunch ,dinner, drinks or all of the above.
First time here and it was great! Server (Matt) was very knowledgeable and helpful. We had crab and blackened mahi, both were great. Also never had to ask for a refill, my iced tea was always full!
What an interesting concept...

Seafood in the desert.

Nevertheless, it was very good and probably the best meal that I had in Phoenix.

The things that we ordered:

1. Oysters
2. Gumbo
3. Ahi Tuna
4. Fried Alligator 
5. Calamari

The food was delicious. Although I was hesitant, the alligator was quite delightful - It was surprisingly flavorful and tender.  The servers were very accommodating and it was an great atmosphere.

I'd definitely come back here.
I've wanted to try this place out for a while but never did because it's a bit of a drive from the East Valley. But, I had the opportunity to dine here tonight with my boyfriend for a nice dinner out. Since it's a Friday night, we did have to wait but decided a nice drink at the bar would be a good idea. The bar is pretty big and the bartenders are very friendly. Full service bar too so if you don't want to wait, that's an option. The couple we sat next to are regulars of the restaurant and raved about the food before we even sat down to eat. The restaurant itself is very vibrant and nice. The decor is a little outdated but still comfortable. You can dress up or be casual.

When we got our table, we were greeted by a friendly waitress. We were immediately served bread and continued to have great service throughout the night. If our waitress didn't get to us, there were many other staff available to get drinks, napkins, bring out food, etc. When I asked to sample the gumbo, they were more than happy to bring out a sample. It tasted great with the bread! I decided to eat light and went with the mussles whereas my boyfriend ate the mahi alexander. He loved it! Big portions but also a big price tag. 

For good seafood, this place is amazing. They also have a nice outdoor patio and on a nice night, it's nice to sit out and eat. They also have a live band on the weekends too. Overall, this place is great and will definitely return!
We walked in and were completely impressed by the ambiance and the overall look of the entire place.  We stared with the shrimp cocktail - which had Fresh gulf shrimp, chunky avocados & pico de gallo in a spicy cocktail sauce.  I can say, this was the best shrimp cocktail I have ever had.  We also split a ceasar salad which was perfect.  For dinner, I had the Mahi blackened over dirty rice .  The fish was fresh and spicy - all their fish is flown in daily.  My date had the Pasta Mardi Gra - Linguine tossed with crawfish, andouille sausage & crimini mushrooms in a marinara cream sauce topped with jumbo grilled shrimp. . .  This dish was quite spectacular... We thought we were in New Orleans...  For desert, we had NY Cheesecake - with fresh strawberries in a sauce - topped with fresh whipped cream - I can't think of any cheese cake I have ever had that was better than this...  The desert plate they bring to the table has all the deserts on there - they all looked amazing- quite a difficult choice... WOW - the entire dinner was perfect!  AND on top of it all, our service was top notch.  SAM was excellent - he talked with us and explained the items we had questions on, cleaned the table in between courses, and gave us fresh silver ware - along with always keeping our drinks full.  And he had a great attitude - he acted like he wanted to make our dinner very special.  The manager came and talked with us also, and thanked us for coming in.  Quite impressive.  This was one of the most memorable dinners we have had, from the time we walked in the door until we walked out.  We were completely impressed with Pappadeaux - and can't wait until we return.  If I could give it 10 stars, I would, it is worth it.
First time diners at this great restaurant and have nothing but great things to say! My hubby and I celebrated our 18th wedding anniversary Saturday night and after asking friends where we should go, most suggested Pappadeaux. Of course when I called for reservations, the time I wanted was fully booked. However the hostess suggested I call 15 minutes before getting there to be put on the wait list (which was a 30 min wait)... Did what she suggested and after checking in, getting the pager, only had to wait another 5 mins! Driving almost 30 mins to get there ... This was awesome! LOL

We had two waiters (I think one was training or was paired with our main waiter) were wonderful. The one who greeted us, took our drink orders cleared our plates after each course and filled our water glasses was so welcoming. (I have to say, while we were being seated, we crossed paths with a few wait staff and all said " welcome to Pappadeaux".)  Our main waiter, Sam, was THE BEST. I asked him what he liked and he recommended the Mahi Alexander... Which I ordered!  My husband ordered the filet and lobster combo. Everything was cooked to perfection. The steak was so tender, the lobster was so buttery and tasty and my Mahi Mahi was paired perfectly with the dirty rice and the creamy crawfish.  YUMMMMMY!!!!

Of course, we couldn't finish everything ... Oh, and the baked oysters were soooo good! We ordered the Oyster Duo for our appetizer ... We also order the banana bread pudding for dessert... Also good! Our girl waiter took our dessert order and asked if we were celebrating anything special and after telling her it was our anniversary, our dessert came with a note written in strawberry jam "happy 18th wedding anniversary" Couldn't finish it all either but was able to take it home in the mason jar it came in. :) 

What a great impression this place gave us! From the gorgeous courtyard with the fountain and live band outside, to the well trained wait staff (BRAVO TO THE CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGER!) and of course to the EXCELLENT food! We will definitely be coming here again ... And not just for special occasions.
Thanks for making my birthday dinner horrible! First, I would like to say that our waitress was courteous and very nice, but the food tonight was inedible! My hubby took me here for my birthday dinner, it was my favorite place and we have been coming here for 8 years. I ordered the lobster bisque and he ordered the clam chowder. Both soups were very very salty, but I was ok with that and ate half my soup. For the main course, he ordered the blackened catfish and I got the sea bass. My hubby took one bite of the fish and knew it was bad. I took a bite and yes it was very bad, not just bad in taste, but it tasted rank/sour. My sea bass was good, but what made me mad was that we told the waitress and she said she would have the manager come over and talk to us...... We waited and waited.... I ate my dinner alone while my hubby had nothing....... Finally the waitress came over and after two glasses of liquid courage, I gave her a piece of my mind. Evidently, that brought the manager over. My hubby didn't want to risk another choice from the menu and I was finished eating. They comped our meal, but that didn't make my birthday any better.... And Pappadeaux, no need to respond to my review because no apology is going to be good enough to have me dine in your establishment again.
As in all reviews, this review only reveals the observations of quality and conditions related to the dated visit. Observations may not be a full reflection of the establishments' day to day business, but comments should be taken into serious consideration when evaluating a business's ability to perform consistently which is paramount.

The food the service and the atmosphere are great. They tend to go a little heavy on the dirty rice but other than that I can't complain.
Anniversary Dinner was fantastic!  First time there, I had the sea bass my husband had lobster. We also shared a ceasar salad, gumbo, and smoked salmon. I know it was way too much to eat but so delicious! Our server was Marlin and he was so friendly and informative. Really enjoyed it only complaint was I wish there was some seating a little more private, it was kind of noisy but tha'ts the only complaint I had. We will definately be going back, I never thought I liked salmon but that appetizer was so good I want to try the salmon for dinner. It is a bit pricey, but you do get what you pay for.
EVERYTHING I have had here is amazing. I'm just going to make this review short and sweet. GO THERE. It's worth the wait. Always busy, but fun atmosphere and you will love the appetizers, entrees and desserts. AND the drinks. Only place I will make the drive to from Gilbert. I heard people travel from different states to come here! I get it now! ;)
$6 for a dozen Texas Gulf oysters Mon-Thur.  We ordered 8.
Waitress was slick and upsold us on alligator, which contrary to popular belief, does not taste like chicken.  Get the spinach dip with real crab meat - it's fantastic.
My family and I always go to the Pappadeaux in Albuquerque so when we saw this one off the freeway we knew we HAD to stop for dinner.

We had a big group when we went but it really wasn't a problem for this place because it's such a large restaurant. The menu is extensive and heavy on the seafood which is awesome since it is delicious! We always get the fried alligator appetizer which is SO GOOD! I know it sounds gross but where the heck are you ever going to find ALLIGATOR?! Try it, especially with the sauce... YEAH! We have also tried the oysters on the half shell (great) and the fried oysters with fries (yum!)

For dinner I like to get the pasta mardi gras which is linguine with shrimp and sausage in a creamy marinara sauce. It has a bit of a kick to it which I like but the portion is really big so it's best to share. Crawfish etouffee is great and is a favorite of my dad. We have had the king crab as well which is yummy but can be hard to crack the shells and take apart. The filet mignon oscar was good but a little light on the crab meat that is on top of the steak. 

This place can get quite loud so be careful! Also can be a bit pricey but I believe the cost is less if you go for lunch.
Bring more Pappas restaurants here! Being displaced Houstonians (where Pappa's corporate office is based), we were so happy to see that our new home had a Pappadeaux within driving distance. The food is not as good as it is back home, but much better than anything else Phoenix has to offer. I love it all. The flavored teas/lemonades, sourdough bread, soft butter, seafood, etc.
Very poor service.  Went in for late afternoon lunch (3:00) and the restaurant was less than half full but looked like a good number of servers working.  We were sat at a table and there we sat for 10 minutes without ever being acknowledged by any of the servers that walked by our table - after 10 min we walked out.   Good service isn't hard people - it's not rocket science.
Best and freshest seafood in AZ! Flown in fresh daily. All appetizers and entrees were delicious! From alligator to oysters to crawfish and more... Desserts are true "Nawlins" style! Bourbon sauce on bread pudding... OMG!!! Oversized and yummy créme brûlée ... I'll be back!!
We went to this restaurant last night and noticed that the prices have gone way up, so I had settled for expensive plate of simple chicken when my husband and I noticed that a small roach-like bug was crawling up the wall behind us. We were seated just on the other side of the kitchen, right below the window to look inside of it. We told our server who got the manager. He said "oh it's just a stink bug" and grabbed it with a tissue and threw it away. We asked for a new table and he went to find a new one. While he was gone (about 3 minutes) another critter started crawling up the wall and went right under the wood by the window into the kitchen area. At that point we just left. It was really disgusting. We have always loved their food, but I think it's going to be a very long time before we can go back there and we will not recommend this place to anybody again.
The BEST seafood every time we go and great service too!!! We had the best lobster we have ever had !!! The fried alligator with that dip is amazing !!
My favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Especially when they have crawfish or oysters on special. It is pretty expensive but nice for a treat when you feel like good seafood.
Ate here tonight! This is a really nice, spacious restaurant with an outdoor area that had live music tonight. We ate indoors though, and the decor and general ambiance was really nice. Not so uptight as to make you feel uncomfortable to eat with your family, but certainly befitting the price range and quality.

I have a few minor quibbles that would make this more of a 4.5 star review, but I thought I'd round up since they're so insignificant.

To begin with, the food and beverages were good! I had the Strawberry Tea and my mom had the Mango Lemonade, and they were both flavorful without tasting artificial. No review on the alcoholic drinks, unfortunately. The meals were VERY generously sized (Seriously, we all took home enough to have a second and possibly third meal tomorrow) and good... for the most part. The fried crabfinger dinner was a bit salty and the lobster bisque might not be for everyone. The clam chowder and pasta mardi gras were amazing though. Also, beware the dirty rice--the taste really lives up to the name, and you may not be prepared for it. My mom, thinking it was just a clever name for a rice pilaf, certainly wasn't.

Service was great! Our waiter was very ninja-like, suddenly reappearing with refills. He was extremely friendly and helpful with the menu. Our only issue was that at one point, as we were at the end of our meal, he seemed to disappear completely. We wanted to get our plates boxed and our check paid, and that took much longer than we expected. Still, it wasn't exactly a hassle waiting for him to show up and I'm sure we could have been more proactive about getting the bill if we had really been in a rush.

In short, a great place to dine if you don't mind spending a bit of money. Considering this is seafood and they give you huge plates, I think the cost is definitely worth it, but don't be surprised to see those $20-$30+ entrees.
We have been to Pappadeaux restaurants before, in other cities, and have always enjoyed the experience.  This location was no exception.  Friendly, attentive service.  Great selection of seafood dishes and Cajun style entrees.  Mixed drinks were flavorful.  A bit pricey, but portions are very generous -- we went home with leftovers. Nice desserts that we took home with us.  Great experience.
Loved everything! We ate there because my Mother-in-Law got a tip from her friend that they had an Oyster deal that couldn't be beat! Dad hadn't had Oysters on the half shell in many years.
The place is very large, dimly lit and was busy busy busy! But I think they have a lot of experience with handling the crowds. I would have preferred a quieter restaurant, but the food quality was worth the inconvenience of barely being able to carry on a conversation without yelling. We had appetizers (alligator was good!) and a good meal  -Costa Rican Tilapia LaFayette. OH man! the food was excellent. I would definitely go again in spite of the noise and crowd... I understand why the crowd!
I Luv this place! I am from NOLA...we go many times if we want to take the drive into the city and have never had one bad meal there!  The bread is so good and I have to have the Beefsteak tomato with blue cheese!   The pasta is great and we loved the fried alligator!  We have gone for lunch and dinner many times and have always left full, satisfied, and always brought some home for later!
Love...love...LOVE this place. And I think I'm hearing life music, what a treat. The fried alligator is the most.
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater. The shrimp on skewer was over cooked with no flavor and the Caribbean lobster tail had no favor what so ever. first time there and might just be the last.
Seafood is soooo fresh specially the oysters. I'm a seafood lover & it's my 1st time eating in Pappadeaux & I'm definitely gonna come back. Service is great as well.
Now I'm not a huge seafood fan so coming here at first I was totally not feeling it. I didn't want to spoil the night for everyone else so i made due. I ended up ordering the Mahi fish with rice.....It was freakin ridiculously good. The seasoning and flavor was so intense in a good way. I really didn't want the meal to end. I am a fan now, hope to cone here again!
My fiancee and I ate here and we enjoyed the aura and ambiance of the place. The Shrimp Brochette is to die for!
My Favorite in Dallas

This is my favorite restaurant to visit when I'm in Dallas.  I haven't made that trip in awhile, so was eager to come to this one.  The building layout is the same and the food is just as good.  Be ready to pay some $$ as it is not cheap.  $90 for two people.
Love, love, love Pappadeux.  Only my second time here and both were on Fridays to connect with friends. Both times we had EXCELLENT service with fantastic and attentive wait staff. I don't mind paying a bit more when I get quality food with great service. We enjoyed music on the patio with a pretty cool local singer/songwriter.  The vibe of Pappadeux is unique with families, couples, and large groups all appearing to have a good time.  I had grilled shrimp with sautéed green beans and my. oh. my... was my mouth was happy! 

Last note:  I never have dessert. The dessert tray was toO unique to give it a pass. The King cake cheesecake was to die for.  you should order that!
First time we had ever been to Pappadeaux's.  My husband had the fried platter.  The badder was light and did not weigh you down or over power the food.  I had the Salmon salad.  Best salmon I've ever had!  My mother in law had mauhi over some type of mash.  All the food was fantastic!!  So we shared the bread pudding for dessert.  Best dessert I've ever had!  The server, Joe was also fabulous!  The whole experience is what gives this place 5 stars!  From start to finish, it was amazing!  It's a little higher priced, but definately worth it!  Upscale dining for sure!  Can't wait to go back!
All I can say about this place is that it is amazing.
Very, very disappointed. Dined on 2/10/13. Food was overcooked and served luke warm.  When we asked to have a few items served hotter, server seemed annoyed. Will not be back anytime soon.
Food was good experience not so good. Was told an hour wait, waited an hour an forty five minutes after complaining. Went to the bathroom and noticed six open tables. Waiter forgot our orders and never filled our drinks, and took forever to box up our leftovers.  For a 110 dollar tab for two. Not my top choice.
Hubby and I were back at Pappadeaux last Monday. Right off the bat I will say that I have never gone to Pappadeaux and not had at least a 15 minute wait. There have been times that I was quoted a 1.5 hour wait. Waiting sucks but the food is worth it. Personally a 45 minute wait is my cut off but if there is a seat at the bar I will get a few drinks while waiting. 

We were seated and the waitress explained that she was training so we expected to possibly experience a couple hiccups. We ordered a dozen oysters, fried gator and shared a blackened salmon and salad. Our oysters and gator came out immediately with bread and butter. Everything was excellent. Then we waited for our entree and salad....and waited...and waited. After about 15 to 20 minutes our waitress came by and apologized and let us know that our entree was coming. I tried to play it cool and not act agitated but at this point we knew we would miss the movie that we had planned on seeing after eating. I requested that she bring out our salad while we wait for our entree. 

Our waitress arrived 5 minutes later with our entree and salad in hand and once again apologized for the wait. She also explained that our there was an issue with our salmon when the chef split our meal onto two plates and that she would be bringing us out another fillet shortly. BTW, it is nice that it was split for 2 but I would have been equally happy to share from the same plate, however I do see this as an over and above service and appreciate these little efforts. She also offered to bring us a dessert at the end of our meal to make up for the wait and the problem with the salmon. The food was all delicious and as promised the waitress brought out the dessert tray and asked what we would like to try. We went for the creme brulee which did not disappoint. Our check did not include the dessert and we were given half off our oysters. This is why I adore Pappadeaux. If there is a problem they go way beyond to fix it and make it up to you.
I am all about great customer service and after my last experience, I considered Pappadeaux's off of our restraurant rotation. I was promptly contacted by the customer relations department and they assured me that my experience did not meet their standards for service or food.  This level of attention exceeded my expectations. After another visit, I am once again a FAN!!!!
First visit to this location. Not the last. Probably not even the last this month. I have only been to one other Pappadeaux's...it was in an airport...and it was phenomenal (even though I only had 30 minutes to scarf down the food and drink)

I asked the waiter "Sampler platter or seafood platter, pick one" and he steered me to the seafood platter. Good choice! WAAaaaaaaAAAAyyyyy too much food, but nothing will go to waste. I'm set for lunch today AND dinner tonight. My fried food quota has been met.

Baked potato was tasty...but was quickly eclipsed by the tilapia...which was then put to shame by the stuffed crab (is it me or does it taste JUST LIKE my mom's stuffed crab? WOW! MY FAVORITE!!!) Next time I think I'll just look for a stuffed crab meal (after I check out the kitchen to make sure Mommy isn't being held captive for her culinary skills in there). 

I have a hard time ordering crawfish from anywhere that isn't in Louisiana, but I might be persuaded to order it from here because the guy at the table next to ours looked like he was in some sort of throes of passion as he buried his head in the plate and licked his fingers (pinch da tails and suck da heads indeed! Maybe they should make one of the rooms in the restaurant ADULTS ONLY?!) . KINKY!!! 

Mom in law had the mahi and grits and despite her tiny frame, she was having a hard time putting her fork down! The Hubster (wooooord up!) chose the fried crawfish meal and papa in law chose something that I can't remember w/ a cup of gumbo on the side and he barely uttered a word the entire meal. Shhhh....I'm eating. :) 

If we didn't have King Cake waiting at home, we would've been happy to dive into their scrumptious looking dessert tray too, but alas, sometimes we must show a little restraint, mustn't we?

Oh...and the bread and butter at the beginning of the dining event was deliciously fresh and soft too...I'll definitely be back!
Received an email from Pappadeaux advertising crawfish special on Wednesday and Thursdays after 3pm. So, me and my family of 8 made the 1 hour and 45 minute drive and we were excited as we haven't had crawfish in a long time.  We were seated at 5 pm and the menus stated the crawfish is available at 5. Ok, no biggie.  I place my order then I'm told "sorry we don't have any crawfish". So I ordered the soft shell crab and my son ordered the steak Oscar medium rare.  Our food arrived, mine is ice cold, my son's steak is still mooing and my sister's food was cold.  The server asked us once in a 2 hour time frame if we needed anything.  I will NOT waste my gas to make the trip here again.
Every year we are in Arizona my husband and I have to stop here for dinner.  He absolutely loves the fried alligator.  I love the fresh fish dishes.  The prices are a little bit high but well worth it for the quality of food you receive.  

On this past visit we had a great waiter.  He was very helpful and friendly.  He did the right amount of "check ins" on us without being overbearing.
This 2-star review is based on our experience this past Friday.  All previous Pappadeaux experiences in any location, including at the IAH terminal consistently are 5 star.  We are huge fans of the Pappas group, and were looking forward to our anniversary dinner.

We arrived about 5:45.  I gave our name to the hostess, was told to expect a 45 minute to 1 hour wait and handed a pager.  We grabbed seats at the bar, right in front of a draft beer station and I noticed a stale, yeasty smell, like the stench after a kegger at the frat house.  Watching the bartenders pour the beers, I immediately knew the cause.  They were extremely sloppy in their pours, letting each glass overflow by 2-3 oz.  My husband observed they probably waste at least 1/2 a keg each night.  He finished his drink, but I was nursing mine.  After about 45 minutes, I asked the hostess how much longer for our table.  She snapped "I have 2 people in front of you."  I replied "That doesn't tell me how long until we're seated."  She mumbled 'I have 10 minutes to seat you".  Finally, their pager dinged and another hostess took us to our table.  

The waiter approached and said "I see you brought your drink from the bar, so what do you want sir?"  He didn't ask if I wanted water or any other beverage.  Although friendly, he lacked the Pappadeaux professionalism.  He quickly brought a loaf of bread, but it tasted off, just flat and flavorless.  We started with the Oysters Pappadeaux, 1/2 dozen oysters baked with crabmeat, spinach and hollandaise.  We've enjoyed these in the past, each of the toppings balanced.  Not so this visit.  Our waiter delivered the dish to the table next to us.  They were confused as they ordered oysters on the half shell.  Our waiter realized his mistake and brought the oysters to us.  The primary ingredient was the hollandaise, gobs of it sloppily doused over each oyster, followed by spinach, and lastly, a minute dollop of crab on each oyster.  In the past, you could see large lumps of crabmeat.  Sadly, they would prove to be the best dish of the night.

Our waiter returned after about 15 minutes.  We had to tell him we were ready to order the rest of our meal.  I got the Catfish Opelousas, a favorite of mine.  I also ordered an iced tea.  My husband ordered the Costa Rican Mahi Alexander.  The tray with the empty oyster shells remained on our table until the waiter returned with our entrees.  He seemed put off that he had to clear them in order to set down the next course. 

My 1st bite of the Catfish Opelousas was dry and over cooked.  My 2nd bite was lukewarm.  Trying to decide whether to send it back, I took a 3rd bite and felt a most unpleasant, almost fatty texture.  I didn't know what they were trying to serve, but I am almost certain it was not catfish.  The menu states the Opelousas is blackened catfish with oysters, shrimp and jumbo lump crabmeat in a lemon garlic butter sauce.  There was no jumbo lump crabmeat.  The sauce was a reddish cream sauce, with no lemon or garlic.  I called the waiter over.  I politely told him "We've been coming to Pappadeaux for almost 20 years.  I've ordered this dish many times, but it tastes really off tonight."  He wasn't listening when I was telling him it was overcooked and fatty.  He said "We'll take care of that" and whisked it away.  My husband offered me a taste of his dish.  It was blatantly dry and overcooked.  He decided not to send it back.  Soon, a manager approached our table.  He apologized, but said the reason I was unhappy is because they recently changed it so it would be the same sauce as their Salmon Yvette.  That explanation not only made no sense to me, but it was just wrong.  The Salmon Yvette is described on the menu as salmon with shrimp, crawfish, spinach and mushrooms in a sherry white wine sauce.  My catfish featured oysters, but no crawfish, spinach or mushrooms, nor any hint of sherry flavor.  I asked him if they could make the catfish with the "old" Opelousas sauce.  He said he was new and had to check with his kitchen manager.   He returned and said that would not be possible, but they could get me anything else.  I ordered the Shrimp Brochette.  He said "We'll get that right out to you".  After 20 minutes, my husband and I had picked at his dish and were well ready to be done with Pappadeaux.  We finally flagged down the waiter and told him to pack up the Shrimp Brochette, as we were ready to go.  We never saw the manager again.  It took another 15 minutes for the waiter to bring our check.  It was most disappointing.

My husband said he was glad we weren't introducing the restaurant to new people for the 1st time, as "it just sucked tonight".  If we come back, hopefully, it will be like the Pappadeaux we know and love, not this abomination.
The food is pretty good and they have a huge selection of items on the menu. I think it's a bit overpriced but the service is great.
With all the great reviews and seeing as how crowded it was, I was really sad that my experience wasn't the same.  It's been a long time since I've been to the ones in TX but I certainly don't remember the experience being that bad so maybe it was the timing and the location.  On to my review...

We ordered the fried alligator, Mississippi Catfish Opelousas, and what I think was the Crawfish Etouffee.  The only saving grace was the fried alligator which was very well done.  I always used to get it at a cajun place back home so I was excited to try it here.  This is the one thing that Pappadeaux cooked right.  It was perfectly fried without it being too greasy and the alligator was tender.

The Mississippi Catfish Opelousas on the other hand was awful!  Maybe it was an off day but it wasn't nearly as good as it sounded.  The catfish fillet itself was the worse part.  You know how they usually make catfish nuggets with the stomach of the fish? The not-so-good part of the fish.  Well this fillet tasted worse than that.  The whole fillet was such bad quality that we didn't finish it.  I hate wasting food but I didn't even bother taking it home. It was a really big piece too.  It still leaves a bad taste in my mouth clearly. 

The etouffee was meh.  Not as horrible as the catfish dish but I've certainly had better.  And this is not even including the ones I had in TX and New Orleans.  Didn't bother taking that home either.  And I love leftovers since that means I don't have to cook!

Sigh - overall, I was sorely disappointed especially more so b/c of all the great reviews and how crowded it was.  I'll have to go back again when I am in TX visiting family and see how it compares.

The one nice thing was the live entertainment on the patio area while we waited outside for our table.  The band was good.
This place is always a return for me whenever I'm in town. I have to say, I'm never one to really like chain restaurants, but this is an exception! 

The food is generally really good and portions are just enormous. I like this place cuz of the oysters. Was a little disappointed that they didn't have the Blue Point, but for $5.99 a dozen for the Texas Gulf Coast was a score. The gumbo is always tasty. If you feel like sharing among others, order the Jumbo size that's not on the menu! The Greek salad was a good touch to all the heavy food that is served there too. 

One side note for the bartender. When serving a shot of whiskey or anything else, please don't add crushed ice. It sorta ruins the drink. I'm just saying. You don't serve whiskey with crushed ice. 

Bottom line: repeat for sure!
If you have a spare $100 and are not real hungry go here. Long wait,poor service very average food at best but hard to tell when it comes out cold
I ate here with a friend about a week ago and we both got the most horrible food poisoning ever!! Plus, we waited over 45 minutes for a table when the place was nearly empty. The host staff was extremely rude. The manager and our waiter were helpful and friendly but they're food is unsafe. Never ever eat here!!!
Okay so this place is pure indulgence. Not a restaurant for someone trying to watch the calories. Long story short: the food was excellent, atmosphere fun, service great, and desserts AMAZING. 

The long review: we were able to call ahead which was a lifesaver. This place was BUSY and for good reason. We waited about 15 minutes where others were being quoted 45-60. When we got seated we started with the alligator. It was fun to try. I honestly think it tasted like any other meat since it was battered and fried. Anything tastes good fried, right?  What made it special was the dipping sauce. I liked it. For dinner my husband ordered some type of fish with the dirty rice. I could not stop eating his rice. I would love to know the secret ingredient.  I ordered the shrimp platter and it was heavenly. The shrimp with crab cakes on top was seriously something I will be craving. 

The portions are huge. We were so stuffed and yet could not resist taking a peek at the desserts. We ended up taking them home to eat later after we walked off some of the food we ate. We dropped them off and later when we got home to eat them they were still delicious. 

We got the bread pudding and banana pudding. I don't usually care for bread pudding but they have converted me with theirs. The next day we ate the banana pudding and again- I am converted. We bought our babysitter the chocolate cake and she seemed to really like it. 

Definitely will be returning!
Last night my husband and I had a horrible experienced! I met him and a friend there for dinner.  They were having a glass of wine in the patio when I got there.  We went inside for dinner.  Angela, the waitress came and asked the guys if they wanted more wine. I had to ask her if I could have a drink!  She came with drinks and we ordered alligator.  Alligator came and no bread, had to ask for it.  Our dinner came, friend was served. We ordered mussels.  The guy tried to pour them out of the pot and they were stuck in the pot!!  Both pots!!!..He said that wasn't good and would get new.  In the mean time Angela came out to tell us she was sorry and asked if we were done with the Alligator (2 left) and she actually had her fingers on them while she was talking to us!!!  I couldn't believe my eyes, also asked if we were done with the bread (with her fingers on the towel the bread was wrapped in).  All this time she was coming out to talk, she sounded  like she was reading from a book or something, slow and not saying anything worth anything. Was also watching people wiping off tables, very slow and really not liking what they were doing.  Get another job!! We have been here a lot and have seen workers fast and doing their job.  Busy and getting things done.  And the food was excellent.  But what has happened?  They should look around and maybe clean house!  The table next to us had a  big serving platter with dirty dishes and left over food next to them thru out their dinner and we had our appetizers next to us thru most of our dinner. The manager finally came out to say she was sorry also, I think it was the kitchen and waitress that was the problems here.  Alligator was very chewy, the mussels were like they were just cooked in water and had no flavor.  We have brought our out of town guests and family here and have always had a wonderful experience, but this time I don't know what went wrong. We will think twice the next time.  I think they are having issues with cooks and workers!!!
The absolutely most delicious Cajon food I have ever eaten.   Great family atmosphere,  friendly staff and yummy drinks.  My favorite restaurant of all times!
Will be coming back often!
Great food. Never had a bad meal. The fondeaux is crazy good
Great, unique, seafood dishes! Not to much for the dieter! Good food, and fun atmosphere !
My first visit to Pappadeaux was in Houston in the early 80's. Living in the dessert now I miss the great tasting flavors of living on the Gulf Coast and then some. This is the place we migrate to when we are looking for a that type of feel good food.

Both outside and inside is fixed up so that you feel like you are in New Orleans or nearby. Service is exceptionable. Just let them know what you need and / or want and they will make it happen. Grandpa Mark says so. Trust me!

Food is always very good and tasty. We like to start off with a  large portion of fried alligator with an extra side of their special Creole dipping sauce. The complimentary French Bead with butter definitely take it to the next level. Dip Me Baby!

Some of our favorites are anything deep fried of coarse, the blackened fish, all the items they grill, as well as the gumbos, salads, all the etouffees dishes and the dirty rice. Tally ho! The menu is just too big to go over it all.  Yummo!

Last visit with the extended family we ordered the Ginger Salmon, Blackened Mahi, Blackened Catfish. Sampler Seafood Platter, Shrimp and Catfish, and of course some Alligator to get things rolling.

Mention a special occasion like a B-Day celebration for an extra special treat. Hmmm? 

This is not a Long John's Pete's type fish place so prepare to enjoy. Place gets really busy and loud at peak times. Recommend going there for an early lunch to get the extra attention. 

Mr. Mark ........ table ready.

Ah-YEE!
This place has been my favorite restaurant for 10 years.  It's amazing!  I always get the Mediterranean Calamari and oysters on half shell... But truthfully... Everything is awesome!  5 star!  Highly recommend if u enjoy seafood!
I love this place! I live in AZ, and have gone here many times. HOWEVER, it seems almost 90% of the time my food/soup/appetizers are NOT HOT!!! I took a good look over the rest of the yelp reviews to see if anyone else said anything about the temp of the food. Nobody has said anything, which really surprises me! Do people like food that is not hot? The last visit I made to Pappadeux I really wanted to ENJOY my meal without having to return it to be "nuked" so I told the waiter of my issues and he looked at me like I was crazy - I AM NOT CRAZY!!! Hahah I swear my food is just not hot enough, and it's not like I want it to burn my mouth off I just don't want it to be - warm! That is not SUFFICIENT. Hot meal please, yes thank you! I pay good money, I want hot soup. I want HOT seafood not WARM. The waiter said something about how they need to cook it at a certain temp...um yes I know how to cook seafood that doesn't mean it's served warm.... along with everything else on the dish that is NOT seafood. Nice try. So I guess I have sort of a love/hate relationship with this place. If they would just serve it hot the first time, I would be in heaven.. /end rant.
Wow, super impressed! I've never been but have always heard about it. I generally try to stay away from huge chain restaurants, but this place wows. I started my meal with a 1/2 dozen raw oysters, super fresh and just perfect! I went with this blackened Mahi Mahi with crab, shrimp and crawfish in a spicy cream sauce. Holy hell, this dish was perfect. The seafood was cooked to perfection and everything seasoned well. All in all, a great meal and I'd definitely come back
Went to Pappadeaux's last night for our 20th wedding anniversary. Have been here a few times for special occasions. Never have had a problem. But had to write a review about last night. Great service, Tanya (our waitress) was perfect. Her attention to detail and her skill was amazing. Found out after speaking with her that this is her first waitress position. You couldnt tell.  Definitely ask for her if you can. The dining manager Forrest, stopped by to wish us a happy anniversary and comped our dessert for the occasion. Very nice touch. Loved the food, we had alligator and blue point oysters for appetizers, yum, i had the shrimp brochette, husband had the costa rican mahi alexander, all was perfectly seasoned and served hot. This definitely will be a continuing date night spot for us in the future. Truly enjoyed our visit.
The best word to describe this restaurant...AWESOME!!  I  have found my new favorite dish...Jumbo Shrimp Brochette.  Wish Pappadeaux was in San Diego!

Everything was delicious!  Blue Point Oysters on the half shell, alligator bites, Jumbo Shrimp Brochette, Pasta Mardi Gras (spicy and creamy) and excellent desserts! Even the kid's menu was good.   Do yourself a favor and go indulge!!  

Our server Audrey was great.  She gave us helpful tips, suggestions and kept a great pace on the food.  Wish all servers were as efficient, professional and friendly as she was.
Great food but had some issues with being told they were out of the selection after order went to kitchen.  But manager really went the extra mile to correct things.  Would go back.  Very fresh fish.
(I technically give it a 3.75 stars)*My family come from New Orleans, LA and Pappadeaux is a place that we like to go to since there are no other cajun/seafood style places nearby. Plus, the food can be pretty good. Unfortunately, this trip to the restaurant was not what I had anticipated.
 
To begin with, the waitress we had was awfully slow. There weren't that many customers in the restaurant either (which is rare, but makes sense since it was 114F degrees outside). Anyways, back to the main point, the service sucked this time. Other than the long waits, most of the food came out pretty normal. As if the waiting hadn't already irritated me, my food came out with a hair in it. EW. The waitress took it back to the kitchen and the manager came over to do her apology and what not. She gave me a newly cooked fondeaux; she also let me pick any "on-the house" dessert. In the end, the manager took one of the appetizers, my meal, and the dessert off the bill. She gave us a $25 Pappadeaux gift card too. 

Overall, my experience today wasn't terrible. I was peeved about the waits and disgusted at the hair in my food though. Pappadeaux isn't a bad place, stuff happens I guess. Food was still tasty! Be aware of the service as it fluctuates in quality.
This place is by far the best seafood in Arizona, this is why it gets 5 stars. However, it is a bit pricey on the food. But Pappadeaux also has some seasonal specials that make up for that. Like 50 cents an oyster. I could spend all day there at that price. Also they have a great happy hour both on drinks and food.

Its a great atmosphere also with great service. They offer a variety of mixed drinks that are superb. I recommend the sweet tea and the swamp thing.

Also don't forget to try the crispy fried alligator ;)
I know you wouldn't be thinking of eating seafood in AZ, but if you are around you gotta try it out. Back in the day when home-base was Pheonix I would frequent this place, it was pretty much my religion. Pappadeaux is some of the most amazing cajun food you will ever experience. Why 4 and not 5 stars you ask? Well, I went home to visit the family and came to eat and wasn't too impressed since things seemed to have changed, sad but not overly sad.

I always get the crawfish, always always. Always perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. Crawfish etouffee is amazing, tastes like a million bucks. Appetizers like calamari and fried allligator are pretty normal, nothing special. Don't miss out on dessert, the dessert trio lets you try a little bit of everything. A++
This place is d'lish for seafood in the desert !  My boyfriend and I have been twice in the past few years because it is pretty far on the west side for us.  But it is well worth it when we are craving some crawfish or crabcakes!  It's easy to pass by if you haven't been because it is along side the highway shortly after you pass Bobby-Q's.

The front entrance is very pretty with the vines, fountain and greenery.  It's nice to see this in the desert...it cools things down drastically !  The bar inside is great and every time I've been it's always been packed but chairs open up pretty quickly.  The bartenders are great and always happy to tweak drinks (I got the mango margarita and added strawberry puree). :)  They had oysters flying outta that bar like ninjas!!  I wished that I liked them because it's part of what everyone loves about this place.  Just can't get past that texture....yeesh. 

When we sat we were in the back room that if this restaurant was on the water we would be hanging right over it....I wish.  Our waiter came back who was VERY stressed out - he stressed US out !  Wiping the sweat from his face, hands shaking, running back and fourth.  It's a good thing they have food runners who help out because I'm not sure we could have handled that all evening.  Now, onto the good stuff....

We ordered a small bowl of Seafood Gumbo to share and try as well as the Fried Calamari.  The Seafood Gumbo was delicious with a little bit of spice to it, lumps of seafood which I'm pretty sure is what gave the yummy broth it's good flavor! Calamari was crispy and good.....not as good as Salt Cellar, but good. :)

For dinner we split the Seafood Platter which they split up for us before it got to our table.  It had.....EVERYTHING.  Crawfish, crabcakes, stuffed shrimp, oysters, etc.  It was a MASSIVE portion so do not order this on your own unless you can gorge yourself into a coma.  I don't recommend it because they have a lot of desserts to chose from.  

On that note, we ordered the creme brulee.  Good....lawd.  It was amazing.  the inside was super creamy and perfect. Top was crispy as expected with a side of strawberries and raspberries.  I was very happy with our choice on desert!
Best seafood restaurant in Arizona, HANDS DOWN! The Shellfish fondue is absolutely mouth watering.  Wednesday night, I decided to switch it up from my usual Shrimp Montage and got the Atlantic salmon. Holy bejesus, it was exquisite!! (Oh my gosh I am getting hungry just thinking about it!!) The staff is always so incredibly friendly and even though the place is ALWAYS packed, they always seem to find a great seat !  If I could give 6 stars, I would! =)
Wife found Pappadeaux on Yelp, and boy am I happy she did. We have been watching a lot of Duck Dynasty, and after watching Mrs. K cook up a whole lotta squirrel Brain Jambalaya, my cajun taste buds kicked in. 

we started with the frog legs and lobster egg rolls. The frog legs were incredible, I could not believe how juicy they were. 

For an entre, Tasia got the scallops, and I got the blackened catfish with the dirty rice. I loved this dish, but could barely finish half of it. 

We will be back for sure
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The seafood is very fresh, I'm not quite sure how they do that. The crab cakes are to die for. They put crawfish in them and the sauce is d'lish. I love the plank salmon too, but I recently discovered the pasta mardi gras (seafood pasta). I'm usually not a fan of seafood pastas because they taste so fishy, but this was really good. I've never had anything less than great here and each time I go I try something new.

The drinks are good, but the speciality drinks are pretty weak. If you want a good strong drink, order a mixer. On the weekends they usually have live music on the patio, which is usually jazz or blues. It makes waiting for a table all the easier for sure. They do take reservations though, so if you don't want to wait an hour, call ahead.

If you go all out on the meal (appetizer, drinks, and dessert), for two people, you can expect it will easily be over $100. Worth it! Though we usually save it for special occasions.
Great seafood and an enjoyable atmoshpere! It's always packed and they are still timely with seating, order taking and refills. Crab cakes are a must!
Good atmosphere, good service and awesome food, Lobster tails are HUGE and always seems to be fresh. I love going there for the seafood, it's a nice treat. The wait staff always seem to be helpful and the service is good. They can also handle large groups looks like to me.
A bit overpriced, I think. It's really good... but not 5-star amazing. I've gone here many times before, and I'll come back eventually. This is a great place to take a date, but some of the seating is just awful. Who wants to sit near the entrance or on the edge of a hall with people constantly walking by and bumping your chair? Kind of annoying... especially when the place is empty and there are far better seats.

The little things are what get you 5 stars.
I've been meaning to check this place out.  Very Authentic cuisine and nice atmosphere!  I had the seafood gumbo and a salad..which was the perfect size for a lunch.  My friends were all happy with their meals and everyone had leftovers.  Our server Denny was very personable and attentive.  I appreciated how accommodating he was and that the restaurant lets you make substitutions with side dishes.  I would definitely go back.
First heard of this restaurant in Houston a few weeks ago.  Absolutely perfect.  Almost too good.  Found out there was one in Phoenix, AZ, where I live.  Tried it, expecting it not to be as good, since the Gulf is well known for its seafood, and Phoenix is not.  We received the exact level of quality in food and service.  Highly recommend this Restaurant

Have been back several times, and all have been fantastic until last Sunday. Waitress was obviously new, but without trainer.  Spoke very broken English and I knew she wasn't understanding order.  My wife ordered soup for app and crab and lobster salad for lunch.  I ordered one crab cake for app and pan seared talapia for lunch.  Even pointed to the dinner item so she wouldn't mix it up with what my mother in law ordered, which was the lunch grilled talapia.  Totally different dish.  First my crab cake came out.  10 min later my wife's salad came out.  I asked about her soup.  Waitress replied that she wasn't sure which she wanted first so she guessed.  2 minutes later the soup and our lunches came out.  I received the wrong lunch, as I expected.  She asked me if I wanted to change it.  Didn't feel like waiting, so I ate just the fish, but none of the sides.  The waitress just asked how everything was, even though my plate was barely touched.  She should have noticed, and not just smiled and took my plate.  At minimal, she should have sent the manager over to talk to us.  Figured she just wanted to cover her mistakes.  I am 3rd on regular check in's, so we will continue to come back.  Service was definitely not up to their norm.  Was not very busy at the time, so she was not rushed.

Just grabbed a to go order. Very efficient and super friendly. Heard that they were rolling out new training for take out. Everyone was enthused and seemed happy to be there. Thanks Pappa!
Visited Pappadeaux's on a Friday around 8pm and there was no wait so we quickly ordered drinks and began looking at the menus.  We munched on bread while we waited for our dinner.  I ordered the Seafood Platter ($25) while my friend ordered a pasta and seafood dish ($30).  Our waiter was Brian and he was a friendly guy. He appeared to be new as he had to see the menu to know what sides and such we would receive.  The blue lump crab cake was good, but not as good as I remembered. All the food seemed to taste the same.  I also had the spaghetti squash and it was fairly bland. My friend devoured her pasta and seafood dish, but it wasn't much food for the price.
Oh man.  So good.  Went here on my birthday and went all out with the rock lobster and filet combo.  Holy crap!  It is amazing!!  We also had crab cakes as an app. and my boyfriend got the crawfish ettouffe (sp?).  Everything was super yummy, the server was great (Thanks Alex!) and the restaurant ran like a well oiled machine.  Can't wait to go back!!!
PS- get a Bellini!!!
I thought the food was only ok. I  have been t Papadeaux's in Houston,Dallas and Austin and the food was great!  

We were hungry for Cajun food and even though the restaurant was 30 miles away,my wife and I gave it a try .

The gumbo was as far from the real thing as I have ever tasted. It wasn't awful,it just wasn't gumbo. 
The Shrimp Po Boy was ok and they were generous with the amount of shrimp but
I wouldn't drive 30 miles to go there again.
Pappadeaux is pronounced Pappa Dough I think of it now as Pappa don't season the food here.

I really liked the building inside and out. The patio is charming and the inside looks so old fashioned and established. The wait staff looks professional and the place is very lively with lots of activity. What I didn't like about the atmosphere was all the NOISE! It was so loud you have to shout at anyone you talk to and it is very hard to hear the server.

Maybe because it was early in the evening the Gumbo was very watery and needed to cook down. It was kind of disappointing and lacked depth of flavor but was slightly spicy. We also shared a very average but very fresh house salad that had very strong red onions in it and tasty fresh made seasoned croutons. The salad was good.

I tried the Rock Port Redfish, it was very large and generous. The Shrimp and Crab that came with it were overcooked, sort of hard and dry but the Redfish was cooked nice but not so tasty. I think they forgot to add salt, pepper, olive oil because it was unseasoned. The fish had a very nice texture but left a not so tasty taste in my mouth. Maybe I was just tasting blood line from the fish. I try to eat fish all the time on weekends since I can't buy fresh fish near me, I enjoy fish and have had Redfish before but it never seemed disappointing before. I can't say it was bad either but it just wasn't tasty. It came with a barley salad. I ate barley salad till I was full and thought it was also unseasoned until I took my last two bites and it tasted good. I got salt and pepper and tasty toasted almonds in it. Those last two bites were delicious but unfortunately It seemed the barley salad wasn't mixed correctly so on most of what I ate I didn't get it the way it was meant to be.

My husband's complaint about the shrimp creole was mostly on the creole sauce. He said the tomatoes were good but it completely lacked creole flavor and could have almost passed for a spaghetti sauce. He said the grits had little flavor on their own but got some from the tossed in andouille sausage. We don't know but maybe they did give him the wrong sauce as they do have something with spaghetti sauce on the menu.

Maybe they are normally better but It seemed the kitchen didn't take much care in the food preparation when we were here and at the spendy level price point ( $88.48 with two drinks before tip) I feel a two stars is accurate.
Pappadeaux is over the 5 start rating.  It was the first time there.  The photos do not do the place justice as it is so much better in person.  Lucky to be seated away from the bar area to avoid the noise.  Very accommodating as asked to be seated at a bit larger table that was available.  There was a number in our group.  I'm more about the food and could care less about the settings, not so here.  From the minute you are in the parking lot you feel like you are mentally taken away and transported to somewhere else.  Never been to New Orleans but, the other guest said it was very nice.  So, from the minute you get out of your car take the time to look around. Enjoy the settings from your car and including up to your table.  Glad to be seated away from the bar area noise.  The inside was nice as the lighting was just right as not to be to dark or to light.  I like to see what I'm eating and enjoy it, perfect lighting. Staff was helpful and nice.  We all got the Pappadeax Platter. We were told it is a lot of food and I thought, ya sure I'll see.  It was and had some to go home and I'm ok with that!  Enjoy it a bit longer.  The food was very good and was fresh, even the next day ... what I took home.  We all were to full for any desert and then saw some of deserts pass by to the next table, we're drooling at the site.  Just to full so, we plan on going back before dinner crowd just for desert. For a special night out it is a winner.  It is a relax place without the stuffy attitude that some places have.
Several people suggested that I revisit Pappadeaux and since it's close and I often eat seafood out I did.

I had a very different exsperience this time. I sat on the patio this time and I found the patio very pleasant and comfortable.

We started with the in house made Hot Smoked Salmon appetizer. We received a generous portion of salmon topped with a mustard herb sauce and seasoned thin crisp bread toasts. The salmon seemed like it was slow cooked as it just melted like butter in your mouth. I also liked that it was lightly smoked and not too much so you could get the yummy taste of the sauce with it. I thought this was a masterfully prepared dish and this one really wowed me as I would like to get it again some time.

We received our dinners. My husband ordered the Gulf Coast Redfish Pontchartrain and I got the Halibut with spaghetti squash. I taste the redfish and this one is perfect, it's fresh, tasty and prepared perfect. Then I taste the Halibut and it's overcooked and dry. I sort of feared sending it back since it was still edible but my husband convinced me to do so. We flagged the waiter over and he took care of it right away and sent the manager over.  The manager and the waiter were extremely kind and didn't at all make me feel guilty for sending the fish back. They also remade my husband's dinner so he could have a fresh one with me and also gave him the option of nibbling on the current one he had if he wanted to. The manager even suggested having some salad or soup while we wait he really couldn't be more hospitable.

We receive our new dinners and both were very good. My Halibut was MUCH BETTER as it was tasty and flaky and moist. The Spaghetti squash was good it was slightly sweet and buttery and the redfish was nailed perfect again, it was really delicious. The manager checked on us and said we could have dessert on them. We enjoyed the dinners very much and over ate a bit so we didn't have room for dessert but we saw someone walk by with a dessert tray and they looked really good.

This was an educational exsperience for me. 
I know I can come back to Pappdeaux because the food will be good or they will do their best to make it again right for you.

I will try to be a better diner and say something to my server if I need too.
Yes, I'm once again a fan of Pappadeaux.  Sweet hubby picked up some to-go a couple weekends ago and they are back in the game.  The food was MUCH better than our miserable experience in March.  He enjoyed the shrimp po' boy and seafood gumbo (he kindly gave me some of the gumbo, including a gigantic oyster, which I thoroughly enjoyed).  I ordered the lunch Blackened Catfish with Shrimp Etouffee Pistolette and Dirty Rice.  The catfish was sweet and tender and oh so yummy.  The Shrimp Etouffee Pistolette was a dish of their outstanding Etouffee with a hunk of French bread so decadent, I think they actually dunked it in melted butter and then deep fried it (Texas State Fair anyone?).  I saved some of the Etouffee and cooked plain wild rice to go with it for lunch on Monday.  The dirty rice was once again delicious, so happy they use ground chicken livers, as it should be.
I went here for happy hour today.  The bartender was very attentive. I ordered shrimp and crawfish fondeaux and catfish beignets. I also ordered a large swamp thing to drink. The swamp thing was really good. The catfish beignets were delicious. I didn't love the fondeaux though. First of all it had mushrooms in it and I hate mushrooms. But also the shrimp tasted like dirty dishwater, which is not unusual for shrimp in my opinion, but that ruined the fondeaux for me. Overall my experience was A-Ok.
I loved this place. My boyfriend and I went here for our two year anniversary and received excellent service. 

We had to cancel our original reservation and we're able to make another for later in the evening. When we arrived we were seated right away and our server was awesome! She made sure our drinks were never empty, kept the boyfriend's beer filled and took her time discussing the options with us. 

The food was sooooooo gooooood, extra letters needed. Based on the reviews we orders the gator tail. We were so full we couldn't order dessert. 

And then to top it off, I was so happy, full, and distracted, I forgot my purse at the table. Our server chased after us and returned it, what an awesome chick. She was a blonde white chick (can't remember her name, it's been about 5 months), so if you get her you are in good hands!
Met the girls for lunch Tuesday, some of us got sick.
Most everything is fried, no healthy choices.
Way overpriced, for what is is. I had fried shrimp with dirty rice.
The rice was really undercooked and there was something off with the shrimp.
My friend had the shrimp and lobster salad, She ended up really sick.
I say Papa Don't.
I'm giving this place a 5 star review because not only is the food excellent, the service was exceptional!   I've eaten here a few times and I can't review the meals I've eaten in the past and I'm sorry but my meal tonight was not seafood.  I went for their original Greek salad.  At the bar...solo.  bar help all work together, they all seem happy to be here and they are so polite and service oriented.   My salad was put together right at the bar so not only will it not get soggy in route from th kitchen, I was able to approve of everything that went into the salad.  Great experience.  Next time I will review thir Seafood meals!
I can't say anything bad about the food or the service in the past.  Always my favorite place.  However, I went this past Saturday evening and contracted some sort of allergy from the shell fish that I've had many times before.  As soon as I was leaving the restaruant I got sick in the bathroom.  As we were leaving the parking lot, my entire head and neck broke out in hives-and I don't have a seafood allergy.
My date is now also sick and we shared the food.  He is having severe stomach issues.  After reading Patricia M.s review dated 11/6/13, I decided to comment in the hopes that management may look into their food quality and kitchen cleanliness.
My Pappadeaux experiences have been different every time. But the negative has outweighed the positive. On a first visit a couple years ago I went with a group of friends and our children. We enjoyed various appetizers of Shrimp and Crawfish Fondeaux, Calamari and Fried Alligator - which the kids got a kick out of trying for the first time. All was tasty. I ordered a plank salmon with grilled asparagus. No complaints. We did have a mighty tasty watermelon cocktail that was refreshing and strong. 

A second visit was a little less desirable. I was meeting a friend for happy hour. It was late afternoon...about 4:30 and it was quite packed. I had my 11 year (at the time) old daughter with me but she was being picked up by a friend on the way home from work so I could enjoy an outing with a girlfriend. There was a wait to be seated and we wanted to sit at the bar anyways. There were a few chairs and we took a seat. I ordered a chocolate milk for my daughter and was told by the bartender, 'she's not allowed to sit in this area'. I said, 'Really? She's being picked up in 15 minutes anyways so it won't be long. She's sitting here.' Not to mention there was a table right NEXT to the bar behind us with 2 children at it. I'm sure he just didn't want the seat taken by a child and reduce his drink orders...but he was rude about it and I wasn't pleased. Almost wanted to leave. The rest of the visit was decent. Had a cocktail and appetizer with the girlfriend and then left. Bartender continued to NOT be friendly. 

3rd trip was a date night and my first time trying oysters. We ordered an appetizer to start and then a dozen oysters that came out later. My date gave me tips on how to eat. I enjoyed the first one. 2nd one we both ate...had debris, shell fragments, sand or whatever else might be in the oysters that aren't properly cleaned. We ended up returning the oysters and leaving disappointed and still hungry.
Located just off Highway 17, this Pappadeaux's never fails to deliver when I am in town. 

Always pleasant staff, I have eaten here in passing for a drink and snack at the bar, for lunch, as well as for dinner. Never a bad experience. 

A must have is the Deep Fried Alligator appetizer. Very appetizing and tasty, no off or gamey flavor at all. 

Also, the cheese sticks here are the best I have ever had, more like cheese logs. These have the lightest and crispiest fried crust you will ever have. 

Other dishes to try are the Crawfish Étouffée as well as the Pasta Mardi Gras. 

The only downside at this location is that it can get a little noisy when it gets busy.
I love this place! They don't have it on the menu any more but one of my favorite things you can still order is Mediterranean style calamari. The gator appetizer has the best sauce too. My favorite experience there was when they had a live jazz band playing. It's very noisy and crowded and usually you have to wait for a table but it's SO worth it if you like seafood.
Just leaving now and I had to post! There aren't many places that have blown me away and this place blew me away. 

I had the Mississippi plate and omgosh it was amazing. My husband had the seafood platter which was also amazing.
The catfish was cooked perfect and the dirty rice reminded me of being down south.
As for the seafood platter it was good my husband thought the tilapia needed a little salt but otherwise was good :)

To drink I had the swamp thing which was very sweet and very good. My husband the Hennessy drink which he actually loved!

Our waiter was very good and for a packed restaurant the fact the waiter was on point with everything blew me away.

I'm in the car as I type this and I can't wait to go back next weekend! I'm full and my wallet isn't empty that says a lot!
My in-laws wanted to take me somewhere for my birthday, and Pappa's always used to be one of my favorites so for dinner, this is where we decided to go. Even though many chain restaurants have come and gone in the era, this restaurant has remained a staple along the I-17 freeway. It's always tricky to get to especially when heading south on the I-17 since you have to go one exit past the restaurant, make a U-turn, and drive on the access road, but it's always crowded no matter what, even on a Thursday evening. 

The oysters were really good. They were fresh and regular in size. 

The Grand Hennessy drink was an especially tasty treat! Almost dessert like from the start! It featured the Hennessy VS Marnier with fresh lemon and orange juices with a "splash of Moscato D'Asti." It's also very refreshing too - something I'd really enjoy during the summer.

I usually order more traditional fare like catfish with dirty rice or similar, but this time I ordered the biggest photo right smack on in the middle of their menu, The Lobster Boil. It somewhat reminded me of what you'd find at Joe's Crab Shack, but definitely much higher quality and less salty. I felt like everything was deliciously bathed in butter and light spices. 

The service was less than to be desired. It seemed like the restaurant was understaffed that night. From the get go, they sat our group of four instead of the couple that arrived there before us, so they brought only two menus, so as the hostess sat us, she only gave us two menus and took away the other 2 place settings. No problemo. I simply asked for her to keep those extra settings there and bring us two more menus. But then, our waiter would disappear for long periods of time, and forgot to bring my father in law a 2nd drink as requested, so the less than stellar performance kind of left us disappointed even though the food was good. It's not a deal breaker or anything, but that cheerful memory of this place is definitely jaded a bit now.
I don't give five stars very often, but yes Pappadeaux's deserves them all. Coming from the east coast, I do miss my seafood. I'm a bit wary of any seafood I get in the Valley because it obviously has to be flown or trucked into the desert. 

Pappadeaux's was recommended to me before I even arrived in Phoenix. The moving company driver told me about this place when he was loading my belongings on his 18-wheeler in North Carolina. I found the place on Yelp, showed him the picture, and he said, "Yep! That's it!" I bookmarked it in the app to check out. 

I've been here a couple times already, but for some reason hadn't reviewed it yet. I most recently came with a friend for his company dinner (dinner on the boss! yay!). I had lobster, shrimp, oysters (fried and on the half-shell), calamari, and something else I can't even remember. The food has always been great. They have some pretty good salads and other items on the menu if you're not into seafood (my friend isn't, so that came in handy).  

Love this place -- will definitely come back!
Food is wonderful, the atmosphere perfect, and Alex is a sweet and charming waitress.
Food was great but not as great as out waiter Anthony ABad he really made our dinner awesome and gave us the best service We will be back and will make sure to sit in Anthony's section
I am from phoenix, but moved to Orange County/Los Angeles area 6 years ago, but still visit AZ a lot. I remember coming here when i was little but don't remember much about the food. Passed this place on the way home from the airport on December 29th, and as a huge fan of Cajun food, I had to stop in. I had to give 5 stars because the food, the service, and the New Orleans ambiance were all to a tee. We got a couple fancy (expensive) cocktails while we waited at the bar for our table. Drinks weren't anything special, but the bartenders very friendly, and offered bread and butter while we waited. We didn't have to wait long before we sat, and if it were warmer out, I would not have minded having cocktail hour on their awesome patio before dinner. You would never know this place is right next to one of Phoenix's busiest freeways. We sat down and our waiter was Bo L(sorry if i didn't get his name right, my receipt rubbed his name off). Anyways we ordered some wine and tried their oyster and shrimp appetizer. Not impressive. But everything else was. Their Lobster Bisque was rich and tasty and I ordered the Seafood Gumbo that came with my Shrimp Po' Boy. My mom ordered her favorite, the Crawfish Etouffée which was superior. My Po' Boy was good, but it was the fried and seasoned shrimp that really made the sandwich. My seafood Gumbo was very authentic and delicious, but i am a sucker for Lobster Bisque which I thought was better. We also ordered a side of their Mushroom Risotto which was cheap and very flavorful. I cannot wait to come here again next weekend when I am visiting. I did some research for good cajun in LA, and cannot find any in, out of all places, Los Angeles. I will have to go to Phoenix for good cajun.
Out of Flounder and no halibut tonight. Mushroom risotto very salty and too mushroomy. Very pricey. Everything else ok
Always enjoy the experience of dining at Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen. Probably the best selection of seafood items in the Greater Phoenix area. We both ordered salmon dishes. My wife's was med-rare and she ordered well. It was quickly taken care of and corrected. 

The service was excellent. Our waiter, Ed, helped make the evening a good time. He was efficient, but took time to chat and make sure it was a nice experience for us. 

We like the way the restaurant is decorated to add to the experience. From the outside curb appeal, to the entry way, to the inside, you feel like you have left Phoenix and are in some New Orleans restaurant.
Love this place.  Food is great.  Taste fresh.  Doesn't have that  old fish taste.  Atmosphere is good.  Service is great.  I had oysters and shrimp then New Orleans crawfish etouffee. Everything was on point
I've been here several times and the food is excellent.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because on my the last visit my date and I were bombarded by flies (we sat towards the street by a window)
However the food is amazing!  Seriously, the only thing i've ever had bad here were all the dates I've been on.
The mediterranean calamari is orgasmic, the lobster bisque is yummy.  The service is good.  Get there early or else you'll be waiting, either for a seat at the bar or in the dining area.
Love Pappadeaux!!! I really love the atmosphere here and the decor. It's usually packed here which I don't really care for but that means it's a yummy good place. They have amazing appetizers, the creamy dip and alligator! They have some yummy seafood entrées. Although I do wish they had more crawfish options. I love coming here.
I deliberated over where to celebrate my birthday dinner and I knew seafood was in order. Especially with the limited fresh options in Phoenix, Pappadeaux's was calling my name. I'd been here once before and really enjoyed it and appreciate how flavorful the creole-inspired dishes are!

We had the crispy fried alligator and shrimp and crawfish fondeaux to start. After living on the Gulf Coast, the alligator was not a "shock" to me as it is to some people and it was fun and tasty. The fondeaux was rich and yummy! 

A brief flashback to my first Pappadeaux experience reminded me not to fill up too much on apps, since I ended up taking up most of my entree home. I did not listen to that little voice. We ordered our entrees -- Gulf Coast Redfish Pontchartrain for me and Pasta Mardi Gras for him -- including a cup of gumbo. Our friends ordered their entrees too, including the lobster bisque (YUM! The gumbo was good, but the bisque was GREAT!). 

Sure enough...by the time our entrees arrived, I was full again!! Fail for me, because the food was all soooo very tasty! The waitress was amazing and willing to box everything up for us. 

And the cherry on top?  Well, Pappadeaux's has a mean birthday brownie a la mode that was HUGE and delicious! Needless to say, I've got enough food for 2 days...

I definitely am a fan of this place, especially among Phoenix seafood options...and though there seems to always be a wait, the courtyard is lovely to hang out in while you wait for a table.
Fried alligator no way! Is what I've said before trying it here. We ordered the appetizer that also came with a cheese crawfish n shrimp fondue that I wanted to pick up and drink straight out of the cup. The portions are absolutely amazingly enormous! I was stuffed after the appetizer that could have easily fed 4 people. I am so glad we decided to share our main entree (Pasta Mardi Gras). We enjoyed the little kick it had which we later found out from our waitress she specially adds a little chili flake. If you like the spice might want to ask. I was very appreciative of the mindfulness of our waitress as well as she split our meal for us. The atmosphere is a little loud but that has to be because people love this place. We went on a Saturday night at 10 pm and the place was still full. The hostess told us that they just got over a rush! That speaks volumes. I stand by what Rachel Ray says, "You go where the lines are" it means it's good!
Tonight was probably one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had! After waiting for over an hour, which was anticipated, we were seated in Christopher's section. We had a party of 6. I ordered the oysters to start and the same shrimp brochette entrée for both me and the boyfriend. After going around the table the server came back to me for an order. I reminded him that both my boyfriend and I were each doing the same entrée. Our server replied yes he understood. Well, when our food arrived it was one shrimp entrée and one oyster appetizer. We let the food runner know of the mistake. When the waiter checked in several minutes later, he simply let us know that it sounded like I had only wanted one entrée!?! No apology, no offer to send a  manager over. He came off very stand offish.  I waited 15 minutes for my entrée to finally make an appearance. After having to deal with a rude hostess and wait for such a long time and than to have such abysmal service, I don't know if I would ever go back. The food is good, but not worth the poor customer service.
We try to avoid chains when we travel but there were very few restaurants in the vicinity of our hotel except this one. We were well pleased with the food and the service of this place. It had the feel of a mom and pop and we had a good waiter. We had shrimp and fish dishes that were very good.
Recommendations: 
1) fried alligator--you have to try it at least once in your life
2) gulf coast oysters--shucked right at the bar
3) cajun bloody mary
4) stuffed shrimp montage

Pass:
1) cheesecake --it wasn't bad; but it is probably better to try one of the other unique desserts like the praline bread or banana wafer puddings
2) cedar plank salmon--my friend's salmon came out mostly raw, even when reheated

This place was pretty frickin' sweet. I haven't enjoyed a dining experience quite like this one in a long time. I savored our meal and had a great time. Our server Rich went above and beyond to make sure things went right.
Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen
11051 N. Black Canyon Highway
Phoenix

I ate at Pappadeaux exactly one year ago, and decided to give it another try. I arrived by myself at 5:15, and was seated immediately.

My first impression was how very noisy it was. All the wait staff was busy yelling at each other and most of what they were yelling was personal business and not about orders. The waiter sat down at my table and asked "what are we going to eat?" I was wondering if I had to feed him too. I'm not used to having the waiter sit at my table.

I started with a dozen Blue point oysters on the half shell. After a 15 minute wait, the oysters arrived.

At $17.95 a dozen, they don't come cheap, but to be fair, they were without any sand or grit. On the down side, some of the oysters were just put haphazard on the plate, and lost all of their wonderful liquor in the ice. Also bad was the horseradish, which tasted old and had absolutely no heat at all. After dumping the entire amount of horseradish I was given into the oyster sauce, I still had to add a generous amount of hot sauce to bring it up to a tolerable level.

For the main course, I ordered the large order of Fried Shrimp ($22.95). The waiter assured me that these were butterflied shrimp, and they were ordered with a baked potato ($2.95 extra). I was also offered a loaf of fresh baked bread.

After an interminable amount of time, the shrimp finally showed up, having been brought by a different waiter. Generally, butterflied shrimp are around a U-10 size - large meaty morsels that will normally fill  you up after eating perhaps a half dozen. What came to me might have been U-25 or U30 shrimp, which were improperly cut all the way through so that it looked more like a butterfly than a butterflied shrimp. It came with a tiny cup of tarter sauce. I had to ask the waiter which particular shrimp the tarter sauce was for, as it certainly was not enough for them all. I ended up ordering 5 more cups of tarter sauce. As for the potato, it was close in size to a small football, and could have used a little more baking.

After I finished the main course, the original waiter reappeared, and promptly sat himself down at my table again. His question was "What dessert are we going to get tonight?". After looking at the dessert menu and the prices of the desserts, I opted not to have any.

I was extremely disappointed in the restaurant, and have downgraded it since my last visit. I'll give them 3 stars, but I must say it was a challenge not to give them 2 stars this time. They have cheapened the food, the service is poor, and the noise close to unbearable. I'd give it a lot of thought before going to eat in this restaurant.
My husband and I have been here several times and have always been pleased with the quality of our meals.  It's hard to find fresh seafood in Phoenix and this place has delivered time and again. We always go during their happy hour which is from 3-6 M-F in their bar area which includes seats at the HUGE bar top and a few booths.  Not sure if HH is available on the patio... Compared to their normal menu prices ($$$) their HH pricing is fantastic.  And if you have a hankering for oysters this is the place to go.  Last time we went we got a dozen  of delicious Gulf Coast oysters for $7.95. They have several other HH food items in the $4-$7 price range ( calamari, catfish poboys, steamed cajun shrimp served with sausage and corn on the cob) but our favorite by far is the alligator.  They typically serve it fried but on our first visit our server recommended trying it blackened. We went with her suggestion and were not disappointed. It is served with a rich, brown sauces that is is on it's own fantastic. The drink prices on their HH are decent as well.  I usually go with their specialty cocktail "The Swampthing" It's a deceptively strong, frozen drink that I highly suggest. Get the large, it comes in an icy goblet that will keep your drink nice and cold as you enjoy your meal. They also have a good draft beer selection if that is more your thing.  The bill between the two of us is usually around $50 for a few  apps, a couple drinks a piece and a dozen oysters. They will also provide you with some fresh baked bread.

The regular menu is rather large and features a variety of seafood.  You have quite the selection to choose from including alaskan king crab legs, live maine lobster  and all sorts of fish.  I think I saw a scallop dish or two on there as well.  They also have several "combination" platters that feature fried shrimp, fish, stuffed shrimp, stuffed crab, etc. My husband once ordered a cajun tilapia (mahi perhaps?) with scallops dish that he loved off their "Specialty Menu". I can suggest the live lobster as well.  On one visit I saw the lobster tank and couldn't help myself. They actually had an 8 lb lobster in there! He proudly carried the title "KIng of the Tank" He was $159 and probably would have been worth every cent but I opted for one of the smaller guys.  I was not disappointed.  Mr Delicious was served with drawn butter and a side of pasta (linguine with diablo sauce I believe) and I have actually gone back and ordered just the side of pasta it was so good! 

The restaurant itself is rather large but it is always busy so get there early or at least call ahead.  Especially if you have a larger group.
So I was an idiot and thought gumbo was jambalaya...  I set myself up for disappointment when I received a bowl of soup. BUT WOW it was so jam packed full of flavor. I don't think I've ever eaten real crab either. It's always been that fake imitation type. And the shrimps!! Mmm I love shrimps. 

I'm sad I'm leaving Phoenix today. I won't get to try the other seafood items, but just from this bowl of gumbo I can tell the other food must be bomb.
The epitome of a 4-star restaurant.

Very good food, very large portions, lots of menu options. service was friendly, but not totally unrushed. Try the fried alligator and cajun bloody mary. Also, shrimp is delicious

Food was somewhat overpriced. Wait times are long on Friday nights.
Food was good, but a little overpriced.  Drinks were good.  Food was cooked perfect, lobster and filet mignon with asparagus was done to perfection, I had the catfish, it's not my favorite.  Very crowded and little bit of a wait.  Service was good, we got everything we needed right away.  We will be back.
Location: Phoenix, AZ

Parking: Not an issue at all since I walked here from my hotel, but there's a massive parking lot with many available spaces.

Ambiance: The ambiance and decor immediately transport you to the bayou, although I have never been to the bayou and only know it from what I've seen in the media.  Went twice during my stay in Phoenix.  Once during dinner and also a to-go order for lunch.  During dinner, it was very dim and some would say too dim to even see what you are eating.  Very loud so you can forget about having a nice, tranquil conversation with whomever you are dining alongside.

Service: DINNER - service was ok.  I got really irked when I asked for recommendations from our waiter.  Their menu is massive and I had a hard time deciding what to get.  I asked for some recommendations and the waiter immediately blurted out the most expensive thing on the menu and nothing else.  Hmm so just one recommendation...do you really think that's good, or are you just fishing for a bigger bill which will lead to a bigger tip?  Water refills were on time, and the wait staff was for the most part attentive, so the recommendation thing was the only major downfall.
LUNCH - Called in my order and said it would be ready in 10-15 min.  Walked over from my hotel (about a 10-15 min walk) and went inside.  Hostess pointed me to the to-go pick-up area.  Went over and waited for another 5 min before being attended to.  Paid for my order and waited another 5 min before receiving my food.  Waited a total of 20-25 min for my food.  Not that big of a deal, but they should know this for future reference.

Food: DINNER - After receiving a short-ended recommendation, I had to look over the menu a little bit more so my table mates placed their orders first.  I ended up getting the Crawfish Etoufee.  The dish was filled with crawfish.  Everything tasted fine except the white rice.  I'm Filipino so I've had my fair share of rice in my lifetime.  This rice tasted like minute rice.  That might fly in Phoenix, but in my world I expect something a little better.  At least the rest of the dish kinda sorta made up for it.  Portions are huge!  Everyone at my table had leftovers.  I would've had leftovers too but I was pretty hungry and ended up leaving super stuffed!
LUNCH - I ordered the "Louisiana" Seafood Gumbo & Shrimp Po Boy.  Now this was good!  Gumbo had a bounty of different seafood and tasted awesome.  The po boy had plenty of fried shrimp.  The bread on the po boy could have been better.  When I dipped the po boy into the gumbo MAN OH MAN was that BANGIN!!  Here's a tip for a new menu item: instead of a "French Dip," how bout a 'FRENCH QUARTER' DIP = Shrimp Po Boy + ("Louisiana" Seafood Gumbo - white rice).  Dip the po boy in the gumbo and as Chef Emeril Lagasse would say BAM!!!

Overall: 3.5 STARS this place is A-OK.  It is a bit overpriced.  If it weren't for the great lunch I had, I probably would have given it a lower rating.  Get the GUMBO and PO BOY and you won't be disappointed.
take this as you may. We wanted to rsvp a group of 7 for mothers day however they do not take reservations on mothers day of all days. Called day before but said they didn't, next day on mother's day we show up because one in the group called and said he got reservations, so totally excited group of 7 went there but no reservations where made or kept told 2 hr wait i.e keep a reservation list on mothers day it would be smart we (4 ) people normally go here all the time and spend about $200 or so and have had good exper. and good food however this time it def. made us change our mind about this place and yet to be back. I must say  yes this is a late post however I think if they take reservations on busy days.
Pretty good. Not as amazing as I expected because the flavor was there on some things but overall hit and miss. When there was flavor it was AMAZING. Definitely worth trying not so sure it was worth the price but I will probably come back and see if it's better next time.
Come on! Who doesn't love this place?! The best seafood from down south Cajun style or not, you cannot beat this menu! I know it's a little pricey, but the food is always super fresh and delicious. A great place to go for a nice broiled lobster! The specialty drinks are yummy.
Spend your money elsewhere!

First time at Pappadeaux we had a bad experience with 1 staff member, brought it to the attention of management and were given a $50 gift card to make things right (was a pretty bad experience, not normally complainers)

When returned for a 2nd time, to use the gift card, the hostess sat our party of 3 in between 2-10+ person parties.  Our 4 person table was squished in between the 2 parties that when the server went to take people's orders at the big party she was literally standing over top of me, shouting to the people on the other side of the table.  We asked to move as they clearly had open tables in other areas that were not so cramped - it was such an ordeal to allow us to move 30 ft to a new table.

We get a new table and it takes 15-20 minutes before anyone comes over.  By this time it's about 6:15pm and we know happy hour is only until 6:30pm.  We asked for a round of drinks and are told happy hour is only available in the bar area.  WTF.

We decline ordering drinks at the table and one of use walks to the bar, orders happy hour priced drinks and brings them back to our table.  Genius!  Apparently this is frowned upon though, oh well.  And the happy hour drink prices are laughable, a sweet tea...whatever its called was $8 - what the hell does it cost non-happy hour.  

Their food is horribly over priced for what you get, its on par with Red Lobster and almost twice as expensive.  My friend ordered the stuffed crab and the server lets her know there is no crab in this dish, its 2 empty crab shells stuffed with breading, shrimp and fish bits.  12 shrimp cost about $17, I did not see any evidence that they had been dipped in gold prior to the fryer.  My friends Caesar salad has ONE lone crouton floating in the soggy, limp lettuce.  Our server, Jimmy was empathetic that we were having a rough experience and he gave us a creme brulee on the house.  Not to sound unappreciative, but I'm glad we didn't pay for it, was just meh.

Time to pay.  Our bill comes to $72.  We have the $50 gift card and throw in $40 in cash and decide to let Jimmy keep the difference which is a pretty nice tip, since he had given us dessert.  He picks up the check book and we tell him we are good, no change needed.  We start to get ready to leave and another server/manager perhaps comes over w/ a receipt showing we owe $18 after the gift card was charged.  The $40 has disappeared, did Jimmy think we gave him a $40 tip??  To avoid any further annoyance we just leave and leave the $18 DUE receipt on the table.  

Go to Red Lobster :)
Best ever. I come in from California for this place... Everything on the menu is a win!
I wanted to order the Caesar salad until I asked about the ingredients and found out that it is not a true Caesar, but is made with soybean oil mayo.  94% of all soy has been genetically modified.  If you want more info on GMOs (genetically modified organisms) watch "Genetic Roulette" on YouTube.  No human safety studies were done on GMOs before these poisons were unleashed on an unsuspecting public.  In animal studies they have been shown to cause tumors.  They can also cause gastrointestinal problems and allergies.  The food that has been genetically altered include soybeans, corn, sugar beets, cottonseed, Hawaiian papaya, zucchini and yellow squash.  Cows have also been treated with a genetically modified hormone called rBGH which causes pain to the cows as their udders become infected with the unnatural increase in milk production.  The residue from rBGH in milk reduces has been linked to breast cancer.  I only buy organic when it comes to these products as they can't be genetically modified.
Great seafood - Blue Point oysters are so fresh and you don't want to miss. The only reason I did not give a 5 star rating is ... it is pretty loud and the price range is high. The quality of the service is not consistent - either you get a super good server or lazy one. Overall, I always go home happy after visiting there :)
I have always liked Pappdeaux. I remember eating all you can eat Lobster many years ago at one of their Chicagoland venues. I wasn't planning on going here the other night but just decided to dine here on a whim when I was traveling North on the 17 heading for another restaurant. The parking lot was about 90% full. I waited for one of the kitchen help to leave since he thought it was okay to take up 2 parking spots. 

There was a 45 minute wait on a Friday night which is not unusual and not a big deal for me. After being seated we ordered drinks and checked out the extensive menu. I decided to go with the catfish and fries which was in the $14 dollar range. I have to say that I was not happy with how my entrée was plated. Two fried catfish filets on top of the fries, completely cutting the fries off from plain sight. So how do you eat the fries? I transferred the catfish to my bread plate. I noticed that all of the other diners around me had all of their food presented in a professional manner. I'm guessing that they either ran out of plates or just thought that since my entrée was only $14 bucks that it didn't matter. I've been to greasy spoon places that did a better job separating the fish from the fries in a basket.

The Catfish was just okay for me. The fries were actually nicely seasoned and delicious. I will not order this entrée again since it was unspectacular. In fact, the next time I go to Pappadeaux, I am going to try to snag one of those semi-private outdoor areas in back. This seating backs into the gorgeous grounds around Pappadeaux. Also, the lighting around the restaurant and parking lot was excellent as well.
Decent food...horrible service. My husband and I ate here recently to celebrate our six year anniversary and it was an experience that left a bad taste in my mouth. We dont get to eat out much with two little ones at home so when we can find a sitter we look forward to an enjoyable night out. Well we arrive on a Saturday night and we expected to wait and wait we did....an hour and a half later we're seated....and more waiting. It takes a good ten minutes just to get water. Finally the waiter comes to take our order and I request a margarita, half strength. The waiter looks at me like I'm an idiot and says well thats a new one. Hey smartass bring me my drink and keep your mouth shut. We also order the calamari which comes out pretty quick but with no aioli. I have to ask the waiter which at this point is pretty annoying. Eventually we put our order in, my husband orders a steak oscar and I order a ceaser salad.  And again with another stupid look from the waiter like Im waisting his time. At this point I just wanted to walk out. The rest of the dinner went fine but I sincerely dont think we'll be eating here again.
So I kept driving by his place a bunch of times so I figured I would give it a try . I pulled up and noticed this is a large ass reasuraunt good thing I went on a monday night, I got seated quickly and got a menu in hand. Getting ready to order will review shortly....
Started out w lobster bisque which was good there was enough lobster chunks to make it worth while to eat

For main course I got house salmon , portion was large and the shrimp was a nice touch they added to the dish

Overall nice seafood place to take a date to and plenty of things to choose from
Second time eating here and each time has been outstanding! Fantastic service, top notch food. Happy hour offers nice range of foods to choose from and they're all excellent. Alligator was great, shrimp and the mini fondeaux (sp) was all amazing. Will be back as often as time and my wallet allows!
Craw fish season! Came here last night with a couple of friends for oysters and crawfishes. It was delicious. The crawfishes are juicy and big. Our server was nice and attentive. The environment inside however is quite loud since the tables are close by. If you have a large group of people, help to make reservation ahead of time.
Sat at the bar for Happy Hour.  The bartenders were friendly and made fresh squeezed orange juice for my drink. Had a really good half size fondue app.  Dinner was delicious... The best scallops I have had! 

Also had a really good atmosphere. The patio section was beautiful!
I am all about good Cajun food. I wasn't expecting to find it in Phoenix, but I sure did! I had catfish with shrimp etouffe, and the traditional calamari as an appetizer. The calamari tasted fresh, and wasn't like the cheap rubberband-like calamari you find at bad restaurants. The catfish was light and flaky, but the shrimp etouffe was my favorite by far. 

The decor reminded me of New Orleans. It was beautiful weather to sit outside, and the waiter was prompt and friendly.
This place is always packed so my husband made a reservation to avoid the wait.  This was our 1st visit and the food and service was great.  I ordered the Caribbean lobster tail and he got the deep fried shrimp & chicken.  He mistakenly ordered a large portion which he couldn't finish.  We ordered the sweet tea and mango ice tea and they were the best we've ever had. I now get why this place is packed all the time.
5-1-14 Update***

I received a letter of apology today and a gift card. I will return and update my review based on our 2nd dining experience. 
*******************************************************************************************************************



OK, so here we go again with a "split" review. Food, as far as taste goes, is a solid 3.5 stars. Like other Yelpers, to me its nothing more than an over priced Red Lobster with Cajun seasoning, much smaller portions and WAY TOO MANY FRIES to fill up the dead space on the plate. I have NEVER had people look at me strangely when I asked for Tabasco to accompany a dozen raw oysters on the half shell appetizer. But when they brought them out, I was in the restroom washing my hands. When I returned to the table, I did not see my server ASHLEIGH B (who was excellent in my opinion) around. I did see another server (ALEX) at one of the corner beverage stations not really doing anything and so I approached him and asked for Tabasco. Without looking up, he told me "You'll have to sit down and wait for your server." No, really, those were his exact words. Really? No problem, I went to the back of the restaurant to the main service line and asked someone else. Clearly, since I was not in his section and therefore he could not extract a tip from me by helping out, he decided to pass on a chance to display good customer service. Not excellent customer service, just good. So, ALEX, when you pull stunts like that you not only make yourself look unprofessional, but you also drag down your other servers and the restaurant you work for by reputation. If we ever come back and happen to be seated in your section, what do you think we will remember from this visit and how do you think we will feel about rewarding your service with a nice tip?
We came and they were out of crawfish on the last day, but it's okay I'm not mad. However, another customer and I did agree at they need bigger TV screens.
I don't eat seafood nearly enough, primarily because it is typically so expensive, and the pricing here was no exception.

I showed up for dinner at 9:30 on a Tuesday night, so they were not very busy. The restaurant itself was rather large and very nicely decorated. They had a beautiful patio area and I asked if I could be seated out there, but was told it was not available at this time. (I don't know if this was due to it being 9:30 at night or what, but it was an amazing 75 degrees out and would have been perfect. Of course, for most acclimated Arizonans, that is rather chilly.)  I wish I had requested a table as the main area of the restaurant seemed really relaxed and intimate. I ended up being seated at a booth in the bar, directly next to the very loud kitchen. 

The waitress was reasonably friendly and promptly re-filled my water cup at least six times. I ordered the Alaskan Halibut & Jumbo Crab.  Within minutes she brought out a loaf of hot, freshly baked bread. It was delicious. My meal came out not long after that. My first impression was, holy crap, that is a TINY meal for $40!

The food was amazing, however. Lot's of flavor and cooked just right. Although I tried to pace myself, it was over all too soon. Immediately upon finishing, I was thinking I could have easily eaten three more just like it. A little bit later, after the meal had settled however, I felt very satisfied, if not quite full. 

My total bill, including the tip, came to just less than $50. As I stated above, that is a lot of money for me, and it will definitely limit how often I eat at this place.  I am sure I will try it again sometime however.
Love... Love... Love!! After my long flight back to the Arizona desert, I was excited to try their frog and alligator - extremely delicious.  Next time, I will try the frog and alligator legit, no frying and no bread crumbs to change their natural flavor.  

Oysters are soo yummy.  I automatically taste the ocean, which I miss dearly.  

Definitely recommend and don't be scared to try the unusual!!
One of my fave restaurants in Dallas and so happy there is one here in this godforsaken wasteland.  If you like raw bar seafood..this is the place for you.  Their oysters are awesome (just hint..don't be swayed by the more expensive oysters..not worth it and they are smaller.  Texas gulf oysters are delicious).  This place can get expensive, but the portions are huge and splitting is recommended.  The raw bar is very very reasonable and it's where I tend to hang out.  Bakers dozen of oysters and one of their sublime Bloody Mary's is a perfect combo.  Usually get their mozzarella sticks too which are light and crunchy with a very good marinara sauce.  Salads are yummy.  I tend not to order off the menu as the appetizers are filling enough, but I have had their fish, although I don't Cajun anything..if it's a good piece of fish and cooked right, you don't need to pepper it up.  Seafood brochette over dirty rice is one of my favorites and always tons left over for like a dinner and a lunch.  Best seafood place in the valley..hands down.  Oh..and the waitstaff is top notch.
Out of town and close to where we were staying. Looked at reviews and was excited to go. The place is HuGe. We couldn't get a table for 45 min so ate at the bar. Food was really good. But note this is not a chap place.
Son of a gun, had some fun on the bayou...  We decided to splurge a little for a special occasion, and I'm glad we did!  Pappadeaux was a really fine evening out with exceptional food, delightful surroundings, and excellent company.  I ordered the lobster despite my inexperience with how to approach it -- our waiter gave me a quick tutorial and I'm so grateful.  My husband ordered Pasta Mardi Gras and loved it - he likes it spicy!  I was glad we left the young 'un home so we could be free and easy on a date night, but we could have brought her as it was kid friendly and she would have enjoyed it.  It was a grand night on the town - we loved the ambiance and the swanky yet unpretentious feel of this place.  Their website says "Fun, Festive & Always Original" and I must agree...
We went there on Saturday, and it was" very" busy, not just cause it was a Saturday, but the Saturday before Mothers Day. However our experience was awesome. We sat at the bar, and well gotta send a "shout out" to Jemma, who was not our waitress, but was delivering food to the bar. She took time to tell us what each dish was as this was our first time there. She was Awesome! And our two bartenders who took care of us Nick and Missy, hooked us up on the lump crab & spinach dish which was amazing. The food here was very good, and these three persons great service will definitely bring us back!!
Exclusive seafood restaurant... easily the best in the phoenix area. we love the fried frog legs(try pan fried too) . also the crab cakes are awesome.
first time oyster eaters and it was a great experience. 

the items on the lunch and dinner section are very pricey but worth it. too rich in flavor if looking to find a fault. don't buy drinks , even their strongest drink (swamp thing or something like that) was a joke. buy another round of frog legs instead !!!!!
oh nom nom nom nom here. I've been to the one in New Mexico - but for some reason, it didn't stand out as much there. I think it might have been the Lunch course.

THIS was definitely a much better experience.

We got here a little after 8 pm, a bit early for our 8:30 pm reservations. They had our table ready and whenever we were ready to go. They were uber accommodating - even when our party of 10 became a party of 8.

Brook was our server. AWESOME MAN. Fantastic suggestions, substitution, and all over awesomeness. Wished I lived closer to have this place all the time.

Wine cellar for our private party. You should ask - it fits about 10-12 people comfortably. 

What we ordered-
* Mississippi Catfish Opelousas - Blackened catfish with shrimp, oysters 
& jumbo lump crabmeat in a lemon garlic butter sauce with dirty rice ... It was so light, so flavorful. OH my. I totally understand why my friend LOVES this dish. $29.99
*Atlantic Salmon Yvette (11 oz. 26.95 .. 7 oz. 22.95) Char-grilled salmon with shrimp, crawfish, mushrooms & spinach, in a sherry white wine sauce, with dirty rice.
* Pappadeaux sampler - Fried fish filets (choice of catfish, tilapia or both), shrimp, blue crab cake, stuffed shrimp & stuffed crab with extra fried shrimp & crawfish)... the extra is what separates the seafood platter vs pappadeaux sampler. ($32.99)
*Oyster sampler appetizer - with both of their baked oysters (Oysters Pappadeaux - Baked oysters on the half shell with crabmeat, spinach & hollandaise and Oysters Baton Rouge - Oysters on the half shell baked with a Parmesan Romano cheese sauce) - $13.95, with three of each oyster.
*Appetizer Trio - Mini shrimp & crawfish fondeaux, fried alligator & hot smoked salmon* (we switched the salmon for Coconut shrimp) OH nom nom nom. This was one fantastic appetizer - can be shared or ordered as an entree - $22.99

Somewhat disappointed in their section of raw oysters - Gulf Coast and Blue point only.

Lobster tank in front, with their prices per pound. 

Will definitely come back especially now i know what I ordered. Pretty pricey, but totally worth the flavors and food. OH nom nom nom indeed
Love this place. Great food!  Closest thing to new orleans seafood.  I always bring my family here and they really love it!  Prefect for big parties.  Note: must try the category 5 daiquiri (more than one is at your own risk) lol! Enjoy!!!!!
Good food, good service.
Highly disappointed with our dining experience last night. I'd say that for the amount of money that we spent, we could've gotten a much better meal somewhere else. When we got to the restaurant, they told us it was going to be about a 15-30 minute wait ... we got our table in about 5 minutes. Good start! We were browsing through the menu & trying to make a decision during which time our waiter came by twice & asked if we had any questions. We said that we still needed a little bit of time but he was helpful in answering questions we had about the menu.

We decided on the Seafood Platter with a lobster bisque & the Crispy Alaskan Salmon. The Crispy Alaskan Salmon was pictured on the front of their menu & it looked like a hearty piece of salmon topped with plump shrimps & scallop on a bed of sautéed spinach ... my plate didn't reflect that. The salmon was cooked great (I had asked for it well done rather than the normal medium-rare to rare) whereas the shrimp were just okay - one was overcooked and one was not. The scallop was really squishy (for a lack of a better word) & the few pieces of crabmeat that were added to the plate were tasteless & could've been left off. Honestly, I think it would've made for a really good dish if the fish was served by itself next to some rice pilaf or steamed vegetables ... I would've much rather preferred that. As far as the Seafood Platter goes, it was your typical fried fish platter, nothing to rave about, even though it cost $27.

Lastly, it's to be noted that the service left much to be desired. After we had ordered our meals, we were brought a basket of bread and butter ... no silverware. There were two strips of bread in this basket: one which was soft & cut into two pieces and the other one which was not cut & quite hard. We didn't receive any silverware the first time we asked & had to ask again. The waiters caused some commotion at a table nearby after someone had dropped a water cup made of glass on the floor. None of them seemed very on top or quick about getting it cleaned up.

We did round out the evening by getting the bread pudding for dessert (our servers suggestion) & this $5 dessert was probably the best thing we had all evening! Overall, I'd say that if it was worth the money, I would go back to Pappadeaux's for the salmon; based on this experience, however, it's not likely that we'll be going back.
Its a Thursday night and the kids are at Grandma's house. Catfish and shrimp are two of my favorites and they were excellent here. The place is packed yet the service was still great. I've been coming here for years and will continue to. And The shrimp and crab fondue is awesome!!!
While in the Phoenix area I decided to have dinner here on a friend recommendation. The food is absolutely the best. I had the seafood, sausage gumbo. Absolutely the best. No skimping on the seafood or sausage. The breaded, fried alligator was a little spicy for my wife, but it was great for me. Went back the second nite for dinner.  Wait staff very good, service very good. Would go back again.
Lunch visit:  I dine here with work friends once or twice per year.  Huge fan of the seafood salad, frog legs, alligator, shrimp, catfish, and clam chowder.  I like the change of pace and it's large enough that you rarely have to wait being seated around noon.

For groups of 8-10 ask for the Wine Room off the bar for a more intimate dining experience with groups.  It's a nice quiet room where they store their wines, a great place to have conversation when you are with an oversized group.

The courtyard is nice transition zone from the parking lot and helps set mood.  Unfortunately when you get in it can be a bit noisy.
hand down,  this is the ceasar and emperor of seafood restaurants!  period! i started my delectable journey with pappadeaux's in the early 90's when i used to take business trips to houston,  dallas & austin,  texas. then in 2005, i discovered that they were in phoenix, az. equally as phenomenal!  now, over 5 years later,  i'm back in the phoenix area and of course i have to stop back here! and its just as delicious and phenomenol as ever!  you must order the new salmon & shrimp and the sea bass. they are both off the chain!!!! if eating those dishes were a crime!  it would be a felony! the catfish is omg, so, so, so tender, meaty  and dreamy!
This place is pretty great. It's a bit pricey, but from what I tasted, you get what you pay for. I had a "alex-something" dish, and it was amazing. The menu is huge, and if even half of it tastes as good as what I had, then I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. I will be back.
Live this place!!! My favorite thing to have here is blackened Puerto rican mahi, it's so tasty...I'm only allowed to eat fish once a week but if I could I would eat here everyday.
Stopped by late night for a nice big beer and some alligator. We tried the appetizer trio and the seared ahi tuna. Food was delicious. Service was great for a Friday night. Definitely go for the larger beer on tap. The bigger size is definitely worth the dollar!!
My first experience at this chain... I usually try to eat local when traveling but my partner wanted to eat here. The service was absolutely some of the best I have ever. Our server was Matt, he knew the menu forward and back and even offered us an appetizer that wasn't on the menu, blacked alligator, crazy good. The food was great as well, I ordered the Caribbean lobster tail, it was huge and very flavorful. We did have one mix up with the kitchen but Matt explained the situation and handled it. One of the best dining experiences ever. Check them out, and ask for Matt, you won't be disappointed.
Love this place! My server was Matt and he was awesome. I asked him for his recommendations and he knew them right off the bat.  He has many favorites as you really can't go wrong but I decided to go with his top picks: the lobster bisque to start with and the Jumbo Shrimp brochette with dirty rice. SO GOOD. When I got there, they had just opened 30 mins prior and already they were pretty busy. The place is clean, excellent food, and marvelous service. I'm definitely making this my go-to spot for my monthly business visits. I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND.
Pappadeaux has one of the greatest happy hour menus at the bar.  The seafood fondue is one of our favorites.
My bestie and I came in for dinner a few weeks ago.  Everything was perfect.  The food is by far some of the best I've had in a while.  I definitely recommend the spinach and lump crab dip, the Mahi Mahi, and the creme brulee.  The ambiance is dim, lively, and very New Orleans.  Our server, LeAndrew (sp?) was perfect and made us laugh the whole time (a couple of times I'm pretty sure he didn't mean too; he was just so accommodating it made us smile).  Additionally, any staff member who walked by made sure to clear our dirty dishes and fill our only half empty waters.  Even though it is far from my Mesa home base I WILL be returning!
Delicious and great service!  First time I've been here - busy on a Wednesday evening but we were greeted and seated very promptly, had a great waiter and the food was delicious.  Huge restaurant so even though it was busy it didn't feel crowded.  Highly recommend!
One of the BEST CAJUN SEAFOOD restaurant that I've eaten at! Vontae our server was spot on with his recommendations from the Blackened Alligator, Cajun Crabcakes and Pasta Mardi Gras with extra sauce on the side. I HIGHLY recommend checking this place out, the menu is stacked with seafood entrees with fish flown in daily & everything is made from scratch. Be prepared for an even more pleasant dining experience if you are fortunate to have Vontae as your server. Can't say enough great things about this place. Kudos to Vontae as this was my first time eating here & in Phoenix.
I was in phoenix for the day and had a craving for oysters on the half shell.  Living in a small town in northern Arizona a person does not have that luxury.  Went there for lunch ordered the blue point oysters, gumbo and shrimp poor boy. The oysters were  ice cold and fresh as you will find anywhere. Everything there was great including the service.  I will be back.
We returned here for dinner and had a much better experience than previously.

This time, we ordered the appetizer trio, shrimp gumbo, the fried shrimp & cajun chicken tenderloins platter, & the 2 catfish plate. We thought that the best thing on the trio platter was the shrimp & crawfish fondeaux! It was really creamy & tasted delicious with the crostini. The two other items on the plate were also worth mentioning; the hot salmon was really flavorful due to the honey mustard that it was topped with & the alligator sauce was really tasty (I've never had alligator & it wasn't for me but it was really crispy). The shrimp gumbo was interesting ... again, not for me but not bad either. Our dinner items we had ordered were good - the shrimp & chicken were both crispy & tasty, the catfish not as much but still okay.

I think that this restaurant, based on the service & food gets 3.5 stars (4 only b/c I really enjoyed the fondeaux!!). This would have been much more impressive of a restaurant if the prices were lower, but I'd leave it as an option for a once-in-a-blue-moon date night option.
Absolutely amazing food. Our server was Amanda, she was unbelievably attentive, especially for how busy they were, and extremely sweet to my children. It was our first time there and I already can't wait to go back!
3 words: Chilean Sea Bass. I have always loved this place. The atmosphere is Great!  My fiance and I always get the oysters and Alligator. It is a bit pricey, but well worth it. We go every chance we get. Service is ALWAYS on point! Love love love!
Great place to get authentic creole food! Never been and my niece recommended. I loved the selection of food, and drinks. If you want to know how people in New Orleans eat, try this place! I loved it and will be back soon...
Chilean sea bass is to die for. Bartender ryan was excellent.  Outstanding food and service. Oysters pappadeux were incredible.
Well worth the drive from Chandler... there have been many who have tired to duplicate but this is the closest to NOLA food there is here in the valley.  The atmosphere is great, the staff is always prompt and polite... and if you sign up for the email club you get a comp dessert for your birthday..get here
Absolutely wonderful.  I went there with my parents and we had a superb time.  We showed up on a Friday night without a reservation and had to wait about 45 min, but they got a bar to do that in.  

The dining room is very elegant for a Cajun place.  I had the jambalaya and it was a "wet" variety of jambalaya.  The andouille was particularly smokey and delicious.  Loved every bite.  My mother had the crawfish etouffee, and my father had the bouillabaisse.  We all enjoyed our selections very much.  We also got a hushpuppy appetizer which was good, but probably unnecessary.

I have no problem giving the place all five stars.  The food took a while to reach us but when it did... yum.
Loved it! Loved it! =)  Very nice looking place both inside and out! The space inside it is very open and relaxing.  Our server Laura was the sweetest!  She was super helpful with the menu and suggested some great wine!

We had the crab cakes for appetizers! Yummy!  I love crab cakes & they made them great the dipping sauce was very good as well!
 
For my main I had the Andouille Crusted Tilapia.. it had great flavor, it was excellent. I really loved the Sweet potatoes that came with it too! 

Everything was excellent!!  I would recommend this establishment to anyone!  They also have a great website if you want to view the menu and history.  

The Restaurant is named after the chefs daughter! Ahhhhhhhh 
She is soo adorable!
I think I may have a new favorite restaurant. Liliana's was very nice and I will definitely go back again soon.

Like Andy P. - we went on a Friday night without reservations. We waited about 45 minutes, but it didn't seem long at all. The decor is excellent and probably a bit nicer than we expected. Very impressive and good service. 

We also started with the Jalapeno Cranberry hush puppies - they were very good - but I expected a bit more Cranberry or Jalapeno flavor from them. Good none the less, but maybe a bit much for two people. (better for 4 or 5 I think). We ordered the Jambalaya and the Scallops for dinner. Both were cooked very well and were excellent. Probably the best Jambalaya I have had in a while. Only complaint was it could have had a touch more heat - I guess I like it pretty spicy.

Cost was pretty decent for what we ate and overall it was a great experience and a great value. They look to have a lot of special menu events and 'tastes' as well. Definitely a place I will return to again soon!
I enjoyed Liliana's much more than I was expecting. I came at 5:30 on a Saturday night, and, though I did have a reservation, there were still many open tables. I ordered the truffled endive salad and a bowl of the gumbo. Both were delicious. The salad was presented nicely and the portion was not too large or too small. The gumbo was very hearty and had an earthy, smokey touch- not to mention it was a tad spicy!

The decor was a perfect combination of classy and festive.  When the jazz pianist started playing later that night, I would have sworn I was actually in New Orleans. (A glace out the window to falling snow quickly diminished that notion...) Liliana's has a very comfortable atmosphere and it would be an easy place to sit for hours and talk your life away, or dream of the too-far-away Cajun country. This is perhaps the first restaurant that has won me over for its ambiance before its food.

All in all, a solid choice for a great night out!
We went to Liliana's for lunch and were impressed with the nice staff and good food.  It was a little crowded but my food (catfish po' boy) arrived pretty fast and was delicious. Really good french press coffee with free refills was a plus.  Seems like the patio would be great if it had been a bit warmer. I'll definitely go back.
Went there on a Friday night with some friends.  The food was really good, a bit expensive for the amount, but hey it was worth it. The service was good and the food was too. There was a band playing and it got too loud to talk, but other than that it was a pleasant evening. I'll be back
I would agree with the other reviewers...it kinda surprises you.
We went there on a lark....I had just defended my Ph.D dissertation and we wanted to go celebrate somewhere nice but still keep it casual (I was wearing checkered shorts!) Of course, I had read reviews on yelp earlier :-)

The ambiance is very romantic...especially when it's dark outside and the lights inside go on. The service was very attentive but not intrusive.
The wine we ordered for the table (recommended by the waiter) was very good...so was the cheese plate....which, btw, was plentiful...with crostini and 4 kinds of mustards...for $10???...hello, that's cheap!!...and how could i forget...the complimentary corn cakes were so good I asked for seconds :-)

I had the Creole trio....which allowed me to try their 3 main cajun/creole entrées...jambalaya, Étouffée, and gumbo. Now keep in mind that this was my first introduction to cajun/creole food.....i would say the food was good but not exquisite....all the 3 seemed to give me similar flavors...especially the gumbo and the Étouffée.....now that maybe how it's supposed to be...but since they were being served together, they should have been more "unique"....but nonetheless, it was yummy!

Take ur wife here on a romantic date and she won't be disappointed....also plenty of nice window seating and not very crowded....thats a plus...although a crowd does add to the "feel" of a place....but, i can't complain....we were there on a monday night at 8.30...so we missed the jazz pianist that people talk about i guess :-(
I went with my girlfriend expecting some pretty good creole food. The restaurant was brightly lit with a nice atmosphere provided by the jazz band. We were served cornmeal and a biscuit to start off with, but the biscuit seemed a bit dry and bland.

I ordered the creole bouillabaisse, and my girlfriend ordered the pulled pork pasta. Parts of my meal were tasty, but what was most off-putting was the lump of undercooked fish that I unfortunately took a bite off of. It was still red and gamy in the center -___-  . The pulled pork was oily and salty.

Overall, the environment was pleasant, but if you want good creole food, look elsewhere (hint: Louisianne's in Middleton serves bar-none the best creole food in the area).
I really like Liliana's, but my husband has had terrible luck with what he orders. Even though he monopolized the amazing cornbread in the bread basket, I don't know if I'll be able to convince him to try again. We started with pretty good cevice, and I had black bean cakes with chimichuri sauce for my dinner. Both of these dishes are new to the summer menu and made for a great dinner on a warm July evening. The husband's salad was overly bleu cheesed to the point where he couldn't really taste much else the rest of the evening. Such a shame.
Chef Dave catered our event last week and did a fantastic job.  I was so pleased with the attention to detail and quality of the food.  David and his staff are very attentive and skilled.

I've dined at Liliana's several times over the past year and I've always been impressed with the ambiance of the restaurant.  Great place to take a date.
I ordered the creole trio, my father a noodle dish with chicken, andouille, shrimp and vegetables, and my mother a noodle dish with a smoked pork shoulder. All the food was great and had generous portions of meat/ingredients (even the noodle dishes). I've been to New Orleans quite a bit (used to live in Texas so it was only a 5 hour drive) and this place brought back lots of good memories.

Their cornbread/biscuits are also quite good and there doesn't seem to be much of a need to order an appetizer making it a fairly reasonably priced place.
I've unfortunately had really terrible service both times I've been at Liliana's. The most recent time, every step of the way took too long. Granted it was a Friday night, but it took us an hour to actually get our food. Every step of the way, from placing our drink orders, getting our drinks, getting our menus, getting to place our food orders, and actually getting served took nearly long enough for us to walk out (as in we were discussing leaving when the waiter came back). They also messed up the drink orders and somehow didn't have enough water glasses until halfway through our stay (which unfortunately meant we hadn't gotten our food yet).

It just left me sad, because I enjoyed the food decently well both times, especially the bread pudding. I'd like to try it again, but I don't know who among my friends will be gutsy enough to go with after the bad previous experiences.
So. I'm not huge into Creole cuisine. As a result, I enjoyed my food... but it wasn't anything I would ever seek out or crave. HOWEVER. The chef's daughter is quite possibly the CUTEST LITTLE THING EVERRRRRR. OMG. Liliana was sooo sweet, with her little doll, Kinki (yes... Kinki. hahaha) and her perfect blond pigtails. Yes, my extra star is purely based on this little girl's presence and I would totally go back to just to play with her (ummm. In my defense, I'm a future pediatrician). hahaha.
I've been to Liliana's twice for lunch, and once for happy hour.  This is not a great location for a business lunch as the service was somewhat intrusive.  We can forgive that, however, and realize that they may not really have wanted us to conduct a meeting there during lunch.  What is inexcusable is the experience my friend and I had a few weeks ago during happy hour.

We met at Liliana's to take advantage of their drink specials and happy hour prices for food.  Our drinks were fine, and at $5.00, not unreasonably priced.  However, the bartender took it upon himself to add ingredients to our food that increased the price by 50%.  This went unnoticed until we went to settle the tab, and when confronted, the bartender said " I do that all the time- is that a problem?".  Um, yes, it is a problem if my $6 quesadilla becomes a $9 quesadilla and you try to slip it by me.  

Frankly, it's this experience that will keep us from ever going there again because I'm still so steamed I can't imagine having a good time there.
Have eaten here on multiple occasions in the past year when traveling for work. Tried the Jambalaya to go (see my original photo) and on my next trip hit up the bar for some Abita on draft and an excellent Blackened Catfish.  The dish's presentation was a welcome surprise and added to the taste as the drizzled on red paste wasn't just for looks but was a spicy creole meuniere.
Went to Liliana's to celebrate my wife's birthday on Monday (4/19/2010).  We have eaten here several times before and it has become one of our favorite restaurants in the area for the combination of its ambiance, the food, the art and it's creole influence.  The birthday meal was a custom prepared menu with wine pairings, flowers and a cake.  Monday was perfect because they weren't busy.  No live music on Monday but nice background music was playing all night.  They have a beautiful fountain by a local artist and wrought iron decor on their windows.  The pictures shown don't do justice to the decor. or the food.  Service has been attentive all the times we have been here but was especially good this night.  Our waiter was Peter and he was excellent.

We have spent some time in New Orleans and our daughter lived there for a while.  Liliana's would be right at home in the "Big Easy."  The food was very good but I would mention several especially outstanding items (they may not be on regular menu).  The Asparagus Soup for the first course was very good.  The salad course  was an Arugula salad with roast walnuts and Moody Blue Cheese and a truffle v vinaigrette dressing.  It was outstanding.  The blue cheese was very smooth, the greens delightful and the dressing sublime.  I noted a previous reviewer mentioning blue cheese being overdone.  That was not the case here.  The appetizer course was a braised short rib with smoked potato puree and wilted kale with a Creole meuniere sauce.  This was more like a main entrée.  This was the most outstanding dish.  My wife and I both agreed it was one of the best dishes we have ever had and we have eaten out at very good restaurants in many major cities for many years and are both fairly accomplished cooks.  The main entrée was a roasted pork chop with asparagus and roasted sweet potatoes.  Ironically this was ok but probably the weakest of all the courses.  The dessert was a lemon cake which was very good.  The cake itself was very lemony with natural lemon flavor.  Only possible complaint was that the frosting was a bit greasy.

The wine pairings were very good.  We especially liked the Willow Glen Old Tawny Port  (Australian) with the desert and the "cav" with the Appetizer course which was  Cabernet Sauvignon Santa Florintina 2008, Famintina Valley, Argentina (not sure spellings are correct).

From previous visits would especially recommend two desserts which are as good as I've ever had in New Orleans; the beignets which are bigger and as good or better than the Cafe Du Monde's in New Orleans (the gold standard for beignets) and the bread pudding which is gigantic (share for two) and some of the best I've ever had (and I've had a lot).

We are very fortunate to have a restaurant like this in this area.  They are relatively new and probably still learning and may make some faux pas .  I noted several negative reviews which were not my personal experience but I am sure they will achieve consistency in service and food.  They tell me many of their staff have been with them since they opened and our waiter even helped with some of the work in building the restaurant.  Some of the things we have tried in the past have been from ok to outstanding.  What is impressive to me is that they are dedicated to preparing outstanding dishes and are improving as time goes on.   More chef/owners is exactly what we need in Madison, anywhere for that matter.
I've been here a couple times, and every time I've been underwhelmed. Not that the food is bad, just that for the price and the atmosphere, I really expect more. I asked for recommendations from the waiter, and he recommended the three most expensive items on the menu. I ordered one, and my partner ordered another, and we were both disappointed with our food.
This place is OK.
It isn't as good as I would expect for the prices you pay. We were seated next to a hallway where the waiters drop off used utensils from other customers. So it was noisy the whole time as the waitstaff continuously dropped dishes into the dirty bin. I wonder who came up with the idea to place diners near such an area?
The Endive Salad appetizer was great. I highly recommend it. 
We ordered a beer off the beer menu and they were out of it. So that was a disappointment. Waiter did suggest another beer and said it would be on the house if we didn't like it.
Ordered the Filet Mignon and were disappointed. The filet was very small, didn't have enough sauce on it, claimed to come with asparagus (and really came with three itty bitty pieces of asparagus tips). For the price we paid for the filet we were disappointed.
We had Banana Fosters for dessert wich was outstanding. 
If I ever go back to Liliana's I will order the salad and dessert again. But am not yet sure if Liliana's will be at the top of my list, especially for the prices they charge.
Absolutely Awesome!  We've been here 4 or 5 times now, and just love it!
Nice motif and expansive menu.  This was my third visit and both the scallops and blackened catfish were dynamite.  Chef David does a fine job.  A little pricey but worth a try.
Food was very tasty and the service was well done. Coraline was friendly and helpful. We brought our our own wine, and were charged a reasonable cork fee. The Cajun fare (gumbo, jambalaya) was spicy but very flavorful. Desserts were simple and balanced out the robust main courses. The only food I was not terribly impressed with was the hush puppies (a little bland) stuffed with Gouda and the etoufee (tasted like heavily spiced jerk seasoning).

We reserved a table online, which wasn't necessary on a Sunday but was nice that I could do it online.
This place is a reliable standard for me when I get a craving for Cajun fare.  It has greatly improved from when it first opened, including the seating, service, and menu selections.  It's also very obviously a family affair, as you can often see the chef/owner's parents, wife, son, and daughter (Liliana) present and even helping out.

The tasteful interior is modeled on a Bourbon St./Mardi Gras theme, with iron railings and accents, beads, and photos from New Orleans taken by the chef's father line the walls.  There's even a working fountain sculpture in the main dining area, and you'll also walk past a wall of wine on the way to your seats.  For those looking for alternate seating, there's also a full bar and two outdoor seating areas.  Tuesday through Sunday they feature live musicians, with Jazz as the most played genre.

The Cajun standards are excellent; you can't go wrong with the étouffée, jambalaya, or gumbo - although the étouffée is my favorite, complete with two full crawfish on top. Otherwise, their lunch, dinner and brunch menus typically change quarterly while retaining the standard dishes.  From burgers to beignets, the menu usually has a little bit of everything, and clearly labels vegetarian and spicy dishes.

In addition to their main menu, you can also try their Monday night low-calorie meals, and Monday is also Ladies Night.  And their weekly three course prix fixe menu on Tuesday nights is based on a cooking style, season, ingredient, or other theme (usually $30 per person plus optional $10 for a wine flight).

I would recommend getting on their email list for the latest communications at http://www.lilianasrestaurant.com/, but they also have a Twitter and Facebook presence.

My only criticism would be that it would be nice if their tables were about two inches wider, but that can be easily remedied in the meantime as long as your server is aggressive at clearing the table.  And some other advice would be that if you're visiting during one of their super-special events that you plan for a little extra time as this might be the first time they've attempted something like it before.

And I almost forgot to mention, they've recently begun offering take-out, which is really nice when I want some comfort food after a long day and I don't feel like making dinner.  This is also a good alternative when you're having people over to watch football or whatever.
Came here for lunch during the Restaurant Week. Very good food from salad, main course to dessert (amazing presentation)- Will definitely not miss this place next time in town-
We've heard great things so we were looking forward to trying Liliana's for Restaurant  Week. The ambiance was nice and the service was totally pleasant. If this place was closer to home, we'd likely give it another shot, but based on our experience, I'm not certain we'll go out of our way to make the effort to go back again.

The food was fine, but not nearly as good as we'd been told it would be. Perhaps it was the R-Week menu but we all thought the flavors were a little mild, the sauces were a little stock/tomato paste tasting and the flavored rices were not so flavored. Things just seemed a little under-seasoned all around. And, the famed beignets were frankly nothing so special that I'd go there just for them. 

Our main issue has to do with the fact that one of the people in our party had a dairy allergy and we alerted them to this when we made the reservation and again when we were seated and even saw a sign saying they were happy to handle dietary restrictions/allergies when we walked in the door. We were repeatedly assured it would be no problem as everything is made to-order, but it was a problem and a disappointment as the great majority of  things (even on the regular menu) were not feasible and desserts were impossible (save for a mid-winter fruit plate in WI which is never a good thing). If they hadn't been so repeatedly adamant that a accommodating a dairy allergy would be no problem, we likely wouldn't have been so disappointed/surprised.
Tried Liliana's for the first time yesterday, since we've had a coupon on the fridge forever for free baguettes.

The decor inside was exceptional.  It was very New Orleansesque, complete with streetlamps and beads hanging overhead.  There's also some cool photography that the owners took themselves.

They start you out with cornbread, which by the way, was phenomenal.  Let it be known that I'm a sucker for good cornbread and haven't had it in awhile, so that alone made my visit.  I'd be happy to go back to this place for drinks and a bit of the spongy stuff.

For appetizers, went with calamari.  Not the best that I've had, as it was fairly tasteless. A spritz of lemon and lime helped out.  Neverless, we polished the plate off.

The one downside of the visit was the wait once our food was in (similar to other reviews).  I wouldn't have expected our order to take as long to bring out, as it ended up being roughly an hour or so between ordering and receiving our food. Minus 1 star.

The food made up for it though. The tilapia was done well, falling apart when I tried to pick it up.  No knives required!  As a bonus, it was on top of sweet potato mash, which competed for the top taste of the day.

There was also some outdoor seating, but considering it was rainy, windy, and 34 degrees...we passed.  Could be worthwhile when it's a bit balmier out.
My friends and I went here for Sunday brunch and I loved it.  The decor is great, really very New Orleans like!  There was live music which was perfect, not too loud and annoying, just perfect with a guy playing guitar!  I had the sausage omelet which was perfect, I loved the chorizo, yummy yummy yummy!  My friends had the Jumbalaya omelets, I admit mine was better but it was still tastey!  The coffee was delicious!  Its hard to find a good rich coffee and this place was PERFECT!!!  I loved everything about this place!  The staff was great, attentive and friendly!
The food was outstanding and the ambiance was great.  From the cornbread to the walnut/feta salad to the entrees the food was tasty and well presented without being overly spiced (one of our worries with Cajun style food).  The ingredients were fresh.  We especially liked the use of the caramelized onions.  The decor was pleasant and the open space was nice.  The room was quiet enough to hear each other easily.
I wasn't really expecting a full sit-down, cloth napkin restaurant.  When I got there it was a surprise!  The server was really friendly and attentive.  I ordered the Jambalaya.  It was outstanding!  The only problem (if you can call it that) was that there was too much food!  I was packed when I left.  It was pretty expensive.  The Jambalaya was $16.  Add a soda and gratuity and the total lunch bill for just me was $23.  Nevertheless... if you're a fan of cajun/creole cuisine, you won't be disappointed.
I love the atmosphere. Live Jazz Music Thursday through Friday evenings. The music is kept at a soft level, despite being live. and even when sitting 2 tables away from the performers, my guest and I were able to engage in conversation easily without needing to raise our voices. 

The wine selection is quite decent, as are the drinks. For the most part the bartenders have been great, but sometimes if they are busy they will not even acknowledge you are there. 

Food Review: The calamari was so-so on flavor, but wins points for not having a rubbery texture. The dill pickles were very good, and the cheese plate was astounding! Very good aged cheeses and Wisconsin made mustards. 

The desserts have also been good. The Chocolate mouse is. to. die. for! This is not your 'whip cream' chocolate mousse. This is thick, rich, slightly salty chocolate decadence. Pair it with the beignets for a delicious treat. The banana's Foster is also pretty good. They also serve French Press Coffee, which is a definite bonus.

now, the entrees. This is where the rating loses a star for me. The first time I went, I had seared scallops with Wasabi Mashed Potatoes. It was simply Amazing! my friend had the flank steak and that was delicious as well. The next time I went and ordered the scallops (without looking at the menu, which is my fault) They were served with some veggies and sweet potato puree. it wasn't bad, but it was more bland. I preferred the spicy Wasabi Mashed. Another trip back for the Tilapia for me and the Filet Mignon for a friend was good, but nothing spectacular. 

Summary: Great place for drinks and apps or to stop and splurge on dessert and coffee.
My wife and I love Liliana's it is our standby for when we want to go out to dinner and make it easy. We enjoy everything there from the Appetizers to the desserts. The Tuesday night tasting menu is great, they have a different theme every week and for $25 it is great 3 course meal.

My wife really enjoys the tilapia and I will always go back for the corn bread.
First I'll have to say I don't like spicy food so asked what I could order that was not spicy.  Server was very helpful with my questions.  I had the endive salad and was not impressed - it was okay but would have been a lot better if the nuts in it were candied, it needed more contrast in the flavors.  Corn bread was good.  For dinner, had the special which was chicken coq a vin, greens with bacon, and potatoes.  Didn't really care for it.  The chicken was a leg and thigh, cooked well, but wasn't what I've thought of as coq a vin, kind of tasted like it was cooked in wine and soy sauce and the flavor pretty much stayed in the skin of the chicken which was okay because I didn't think the flavor was that great, but left me with eating plain tasting chicken meat.  Only ate about 1/4 of it.  The potatoes were ok, nothing special.  The greens left me with a yucky taste in my mouth, maybe too much smoky flavor.  My dining companion had the vegetable Wellington and I tried it, actually thought it was really good, wish I had ordered that, although it was a bit rich it had a lot of flavor.  Service was okay, attentive until the check was paid at which time we were totally abandoned though we did stay a bit to chat (the restaurant was not busy) - that's not too unusual though.  After hearing so much hype, left feeling disappointed.  Maybe you have to be really into Cajun food to appreciate this place.
I think a solid 3.5 stars would be more apt.  I went for lunch during restaurant week but decided to order straight from the regular lunch menu.  I ordered a Grilled Vegetable Po' boy (Foccacia with grill-roasted vegetables, greens, Red pepper aioli, and herbed Montrachet).  

It was ok.  Nothing surprising.  The portabello was a little on the burned side.  The sandwich was dripping wet to the point it made the bread soggy.  I abandoned the bread halfway through and ate the rest of the veggies with a fork.  The cheese was great, but when isn't goat cheese great?  They did not have an advertised beer available - not a big deal, but always kind of a bummer when you get excited to order something that is not available.

My server was nice enough in a fake way, but the interactions between the three staffed servers bordered on loud and inappropriate.  There were only two other couples in the restaurant on this Saturday afternoon yet we waited to have our orders taken for more than five minutes while listening to them talk about one girl's bad date from the night before.  I'm sure the whole restaurant appreciated the story.  Getting the check and a to-go box took about ten minutes - hard to rationalize that kind of service when there are 3 people working in an otherwise empty establishment.

It might be fun to go back during a dinner when the place is hopping and maybe the dinner menu is better?  They seem to have some glowing reviews otherwise.  3.5 stars for a passable if not forgettable lunch.
I really wanted to love this place.  My wife and I had been there twice before for dinner and really enjoyed it so we decided to come back on our anniversary and sit in the bar for the great live music.  I realize we were sitting in the bar area, but the service this time was very slow and we were left alone for long spans.  

The reason for my bad review:
We ordered a dish that contained mussels.  Half way through eating it my wife realized one of the mussels was still closed.  The waitress went to ask the chef about it and came back to tell us the chef said it happens all the time and its perfectly safe.  We sent the dish away.  Bye bye doggy bag.  
Even if the chef is right and the closed mussel is safe... why would it be served that way?  There were only 3-4 mussels in the dish and it should be easy to check that they are all open.
And also... as a person with a phd in chemistry who now works in biochemistry... I would not eat anything with a closed mussel in it.  Its really not worth the risk.  Also, the FDA tells us to throw out any mussels that do not open.
Just to top off our bad experience we were charged for an extra bottle of wine and had to send the check back.
I'm really sad about the whole thing because we were really starting to like this place and would have gone back regularly.  Instead we left feeling bad about it and a little nervous having also eaten oysters there that night....
I should say that the other 2 times we were there the service was excellent and the food was really good.  I would recommend avoiding dishes with shellfish if the policy on closed mussels is "it happens all the time"
Great food and friendly atmosphere. Nice outdoor patio. Kid-friendly too!
Very authentic southern style food.  High quality ingredients, nice atmosphere, a great place for business or casual lunch.  They have a lot of live music, wine tastings, etc but, I've never gone at night for the night life.  Nice bar.
I come to Madison for business on a regular basis and today was my first visit to Liliana's. I had the pasta and it was great. Just a little bit of spice, chicken, shrimp, sausage - very nice. The ambiance is nice, looks like they have a nice wine selection (in size anyway - I did not see a menu) and the dessert was very delicious. :) I had the chocolate mousse and I was NOT disappointed. 

We were seated quickly, good service and nice people. I'll be back.
We went to Liliana's last night for their Abita Beer 3 course menu.  All of it was great.  The brownie was just ridiculously rich and fabulous!! My favorite part though - was Liliana.  It was her 5th birthday and she was dressed up in her princess gown and walking around the restaurant saying hello, chatting with the guests and having tons of fun!  It was awesome to talk to that precious girl and to see her having such a great time on her birthday!  I really enjoyed the food and the family atmosphere. :)  Happy Birthday  and thanks for sharing your day with us! :)
We went for the Christmas Day buffet.  Terrible food, loud dining room, service was non-existent.  Seated nearly an hour late for reservation.  Advertised food like a prime rib serving bar and herb crusted turkey which were not on the buffet.  Feel like we were duped.  $29 per person for really bad food was not what we were expecting.  Will not go back and will do our best to deter others.
I really wanted to like this place.  I'd heard and read mixed reviews and now I see why.  We ate here for their New Year's Eve 6 course menu... so they had 6 chances to recruit me as a new regular, but with each course we became more and more disappointed and annoyed.

My first impression was that the atmosphere was great; music was fun, people were friendly and overall it was really well designed.  Everything was fine to start, I wasn't a huge fan of the amuse bouche, but nothing to hold a grudge over.  What started the downward spiral was the waitress bringing our second course, literally right after bringing our first course.  I don't like when anyone at a restaurant of this caliber says "I don't want to rush you, but here's your next course."  Who wants to let their soup sit off to the side of the table while they eat the first course.  That was pretty much the way the following courses went, down to bringing our check WITH the dessert.  

I could go into lengthy detail about each course; including having to send back spare ribs (but the second one was really good) or the waitress and her lack of knowledge of the entire menu right down to telling us our dessert was peanut butter / chocolate when it was really peppermint / chocolate or that myself and others around us kept getting bumped into by waitstaff cause the seating was too close together ... but I'll save the time.

Ultimately, when I go out for a meal that's costing a table of two $200, I expect an experience.  Bringing clean silverware with each course isn't asking a lot.  Saying "Can you keep your fork for the next course, I know that's kinda weird" by our waitress is not what a meal at that price point should offer.  Kitchen paper towels on the counter of the bathroom is not the impression I wanted to leave with, but that's what I got.
This was a last minute plan - but it turned out to be first rate!

A friend met me in Madison on New Years Eve at around 9 p.m. and we headed to a 10:15 p.m. reservation at LIliana's for the New Years Eve 6 course meal.  It was almost a perfect 100 on my score chart!

There were two choices for each course and so my friend and I ordered one of each so we can taste everything.  The only thing I was completely happy with was the very first starter of the duck pate - I had yucky rubbery chunks of liver in my pate and it tasted very much livery (I like pates that are very subtle).  

Everything else was divine!  I especially loved the ham and bean soup - oh my word it was good!  And the pork that I had just fell off the bone and melted in your mouth.

The waiter was so nice and really helped make the evening enjoyable just by chatting and going out of his way to make sure all was good.  Since it was new years eve, we asked about glasses of champagne and he just brought us a bottle - all the other tables were given bottles as well.  It was such a nice touch.

There was a live band playing and around 11:30, the owner (head chef) of the restaurant and his daughter (Liliana, the restaurant's namesake) came around to all the tables to ask us to stay for the countdown and see if we enjoyed the food and all.  I thought that was really hospitable and made me think that they actually were concerned that their patrons were enjoying everything.

They had a countdown and we were all given party hats and horns and all.  

What a great New Years Eve and what a fabulous meal to end 2011 and ring in 2012!
Came here for a work lunch with colleagues during restaurant week in Madison.  They had a nice three course lunch selection where you could mix/match your own appetizer, main dish, and desert.  All were quite good, we were very pleased.  Service was, as typical, very good.  This is one of my favorite places to eat in Madison.
We just had a large work party here for lunch, and many people commented on how much they like the food.  Service was a little slow but, we were a big group.  They had run out of a few lunch special menu items, that was a little disappointing.
I initially came here on a recommendation by a coworker.  I loved it so much that I frequent the establishment now.

I have eaten about 80% of the items on their menu and they were all great.  I really love their Etouffee and Tomato Bisque.  But you really can't go wrong just eating their.  I would gladly give them a higher star rating if I could.

They have spicy and not so spicy options.  The burgers are *freshly ground* which, especially if you haven't had a freshly ground burger, is worth diving into (maybe the Fire Lily).  The corn bread and jalapeno muffins are spectacular, complimented by the jalapeno butter they are served with.

Honestly, I could go on and on about this place (and usually do to people I know).  Highly recommend making this a regular dining experience.  The menus evolve so you'll always have new options.

And if you do lunch Monday - Friday, I suggest asking for Kimmy's section.  She is AWESOME!  She's even helped me into experimenting with new wines.


Edit -- I can't believe that I didn't even mention this the first time.  They get as many of their ingredients locally as they can, and many of those are of the organic variety.  They are big on sustainability and supporting local business.
The food was really good.  My husband had the Bouillabasse and he thought it was excellent.  I had the shrimp scampi and I enjoyed the different seafood as well as the sauce had a little spice (which I liked).  The kid's mac n cheese was good too.  We had some raw oysters and the waiter Brian helped us pick 3 different kinds to try.  It was Sunday night family night so our daughter ate for free and they had $4 Sangrias which were good.  We decided to have dessert, the creme brulee was great and the chocolate mousse was excellent.  It was not a cheap meal but we thought the price was good for all of the courses we had.  We sat outside which was really nice.  We will be back.
Love their Thursday wine tastings, and great wine restaurant overall. It is a little pricey but worth it.
Liliana's is so close by my house that I pass it up way too often and never think of stopping in.  That changed last night and I am so happy that I did.  It is a locally owned and committed to securing local ingredients wherever possible.  Dinner started out with a calamari appetizer as well as complimentary cornbread/jalepeno biscuits.  Both were outstanding.  The calamari was delicately fried and accompanied by a spicy aioli.  The bread was fresh and baked in house.  Both different types went well with the jalapeno compound butter that it was served with.  For our entrees, my girlfriend opted for the blacked cajun burger while I went with the jambalaya.  The burger was generous and perfectly blackened, coming out medium rare as requested.  The jambalaya was packed with shrimp, tasso ham, lardons, and chorizo.  Our server was attentive without being overbearing.  
Overall, we had a great experience and made me commit that I need to visit more often.  My only wish is that they had a few more sandwiches, etc. at a lower price point for the times I want to stop in for a quick bite rather than the entire dining experience.
I've been here a few times. I really wanted to like this place. The atmosphere is nice especially for a date night. However, the food is not that good. The meat is often overcooked. The prices are expensive and it doesn't measure up with the food. The service was good and I have no complaints about that.

Overall, the experience was decent but the food was no up to par. I won't be going back.
You know, I have eaten at Liliana's many times and they have some very good food but I don't know that I've ever had worse service than what my family and I experience last night when we *tried* to enjoy a meal. Notice the emphasis on tried. From the very beginning, the service wasn't great. It took a long time to even get some water, much less some drinks. On top of that, we had to ask 4 times for a children's menu. We never received it and instead got a brief listing of some of the items on the children's menu.

After finally getting our drinks, we ordered our meals. Our appetizers came out relatively quickly, as did the children's meal. Then, we waited. And waited. Then we start to notice food coming out to people who came in after us. Not only had we not seen our meals, but we also hadn't been offered drink refills. We asked our server what was going on. The first excuse was "I'm at the whim of the executive chef."   Oh, so the executive chef is determining who gets food and not the order that people ordered?  Interesting. So we wait some more.  

More time goes by and we ask about our food again because now we're seeing people who came in 20-30 minutes after us paying their bill and leaving.  This time the server has no excuse or even an estimated timeline and instead offers us some drinks.  I would have even accepted a lie about what happened. And while I understand that people order different items and some things take longer than others, none of us ordered complicated menu items and that doesn't excuse having people sit for almost two hours without having their meal served to them.  Finally, as we approached the two hour mark, we all decided we had had enough and told them we wanted to pay the bill and leave. The server did me the favor of "Drinks and Meals are on them."  Really?   WHAT MEALS?   If my meals are on the house then can I please have them?

So, we left and sorry Liliana's but you lost our patronage.
The jambalaya was fantastic. A very nice cajun oasis in southern Wisconsin. The jambalaya was fantastic. the waitstaff was very attentive and it was worth the wait for a table, only 20 minutes or so and we had no reservations and it was a Friday night. And the jambalaya was fantastic.
Yes its a 5. 

Not convinced yet ? Go, order their  'Wild Caught Salmon'
OMG, 'Chewlicious' is what I call it :P 

By the time you see the salmon your salivary glands are oozing out like fresh water springs, the tantalizing aroma is already waging a silent war against your odor receptors in your nostrils and the receptors have nothing to do but offer complete submissiveness, and as you put a piece in your mouth  you are already appreciating what nature has given us humans, because there is a little artificial/inorganic addition to the fish. 

So subtle, mild, yummy , it just dissolves in your mouth. And for those of you who are keen about what you put in your body, it is what they referred to as 'Sushi Grade'. 

I could have just said 'Their Salmon is to die for' but that would be unfair. 

Now lets talk about the 5 star service , bcoz its not required to mention the already eye soothing fine ambiance. I was there with a friend of mine, just for the reason that my friend doesn't remember which was the wine that made my friend go 'Whoa..!' the last time, the bartender and her boss (wine expert) were kind enough to keep offering us wine samples. One after another, the samples kept coming and until we decided what to have, It was 'Sancerre'. And guess what they did not hesitate to open new bottles just to give us samples. This is what I call a 'Customer Focused Business'. Thank You Liliana's.

Why would I not wanna go back again and again. Of course any review for Liliana's will be incomplete if the live music and complementary corn bread are not mentioned. I don't know whats the meaning of Liliana's but it sounds musical to me. 

P.S: Management should investigate into the mixed reviews for this place on yelp.
We have eaten at Liliana's three times.  Each time we hoped to come back and have a better experience than the last.  The first time we ordered a wine and app combo.  The server knew nothing about the wine and didn't even know how to properly pour it...they spilled it all over the table.  Our meals that evening were so so, but nothing to come back for.  The second time our food came and it was cold.  Our server said she was really busy so she took them back and obviously just put them under the lights because the outside was warm but the inside was still cold.  The third time we had such terrible service-the server was too busy chatting it up with a table full of her friends than to bring us our drinks.  I think this place has a lot of potential-great atmosphere and good food.  They just need to be more consistant and make sure their servers are bringing the food out when it's hot!
I had the jambalaya and it was very good. GF had the fish and pasta, she loved it. Only problem was that we sat outside and a bee was bothering us.

otherwise the drinks are great, the food was plentiful, and the atmosphere was very calm!
My husband and I recently returned from a honeymoon in New Orleans craving the cuisine. Sadly, Lilliana's did not deliver. The oysters we had were overpriced and nothing close to what we had in NOLA, which I get. Wisconsin is nowhere near the ocean. But the andouille-crusted tilapia and sweet potato mash served with it were both bland and not worth the price at all. The meal as a whole was overpriced and a major disappointment.
The beignets were disappointing. The entrees were amazing, though, and the cornbread to die for!
Went to Liliana's in Nov. 2012.  It was a great dining experience.  The salmon and blackened catfish was excellent  The live music was an added bonus to the evening.  The service was also excellent and the selection of the menu has us anticipating a return visit soon.  Beth & Dave
Generally a very good environment. New Orleans type environment, with great food. Bar area is fun. Often live jazz music. This place is one of our regular stops. Can't go wrong here.
My boyfriend and I happened to drive by while trying to decide where to eat and not being in the mood for "The Great Dane" (great place, just did not feel like it that night).

We had no idea what to expect and the "New Orleans" reference on their outdoor almost turned me off, as Cajun is not my first preference.
But I thought: Be brave and give them a try.

We were impressed the second we walked in.
The decor was very nice, creating a unique, upscale ambiance, complimented with live jazz music, dimmed lights and candle-lit tables. I was fascinated with the arched wall and long windows looking out towards their patio. 

The food was excellent and so was the service. We had a truly amazing night and look forward to going back there again!

The only one down side - we went on a Friday night and they were very busy.
The noise level was very high. A suggestion for the owners would be to have extra space between tables so that guests aren't hearing their neighbor more often than their companion.
We've lived near here for 18 months and have never gone in. To be honest we didn't even know what kind of food they served until recently. 

So Fat Tuesday rolls around and we decide we'll go to the cajun/creole place down the street, and what a surprise! The interior is very nice, there was a live band and the food and drinks were great! 

We both had the tomato basil soup---definitely rich and seemed to be made with quality ingredients. Then we had the cajun cheese curds----some of the best we've had in Madison (and that's saying something). 

For the main course we split the Jambalaya. This was our only disappointtment. We asked for it to be extra spicy---and found it to be barely spicy at all. But spice can be a hard thing to rate and we both love spicy food so we aren't the best judges. There also wasn't much rice in the jambalaya----which most people probably prefer. But there was TONS of meat---shrimp, bacon, sausage, etc.. 

The cocktails were also fun. My husband tried the traditional Sezerac and I had the Pimm's Cup. Both good! We plan to go back and give it another go with the spice-factor.
Restaurant week.

Went here for an early Valentine's Day dinner and restaurant week special. Being gluten-free, I was dreading restaurant week--it's something we used to celebrate all the time, but I expected that this time we'd be out of luck because the odds of having a GF set menu are low. Because I apparently like making myself sad, I browsed all the menus, and discovered that Liliana's not only had GF options for their restaurant week selection, but MULTIPLE GF options. I was sold.

We made an online reservation which went well. Service was very attentive and pleasant, and we tried some great new wines. The food was fast and absolutely divine--I had a wild mushroom risotto that was to die for, and we enjoyed the desserts as well. (Added bonus: GF dessert options BEYOND flourless chocolate cake!)

We loved the ambiance and were very impressed overall. We'll definitely go again, especially since their normal menu has a vast array of GF options and awesome food.
This place is so bad, I hardly know where to start.  We chose this restaurant for restaurant week.  Me, my gf, and her mother.  The restaurant week menu always sounded awesome, so I was excited to try it even though I was a little turned off by the restaurant week price increase - used to be $25 flat, now it's $25-$35.  Anyway... I started off with their signature bloody mary, which sounded like a unique twist on a classic - it advertised some good stuff, like Carr Valley Menage cheese, but they must have been out, because I got some cheese curds instead...  The grilled shrimp was a nice touch for a bloody, but the overall consistency of the drink was just weak and watery - for $8, you better get it right!

I went all out and ordered the $35 French Quarter dinner.  Starter was a tuna nicoise salad.  Sad to say, the greens were in very poor condition, with many leaves wilted and visibly rotten - just not fresh at all.  I made the mistake of accepting the salad, and picked my way around the bad parts.  Let me just say that if a restaurant cannot even serve fresh greens, eating semi-raw tuna probably isn't a good idea.  I've got a strong stomach, so I ate it...  In hindsight, I should have sent the dish back immediately I didn't complain until the waitress came back to collect plates.  At that time, I pointed out the rotten lettuce left on my plate, and I explained that it wasn't exactly appetizing.  The waitress agreed and said she would inform the chef.  Fair enough...

The entree was something like a Gorgonzola and wild mushroom stuffed black angus rib-eye, with brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes on the side.  Sounds great, but the first thing I noticed was that the brussel sprouts were a bit undercooked...almost fresh... Not a good start.  The wild mushrooms in the steak appeared to be maybe just creminis, and of course the Gorgonzola was overpowering.  I guess I was an idiot for thinking this would be a good choice, because if you've got to stuff a cut of meat with cheese and mushrooms to make it good, it's probably not a very good cut of meat to begin with.  This was definitely true of the rib-eye; it was as tough as a cheap piece of sirloin... Damn, $35...

Moving on to dessert.  This was a trio featuring creme brulee, beignets and chocolate mouse.  No complaints about the mouse, the beignets were nothing special at all, and the creme brulee is frankly, hard to mess up.  What really got me was the wilted piece of spinach that I found when I lifted the creme brulee dish off of the plate.  At that point, I almost flipped my lid because I thought the chef put it there to spite me due to my complaint about the wilted greens on the tuna nicoise.  When I confronted the waitress she explained that it was a "gripper," used to keep the dish from sliding on the plate.  In any case, I thought it  out of place, very unappetizing, and a cheap idea that a better restaurant wouldn't even consider.

After we received our check, I felt even worse seeing the $140 tab, feeling it was about a $50 experience.  Given the overall crappiness of the whole experience, I was half expecting at least my drink to be on the house...nope...  Coincidentally, the manager decided to stop by our table to ask how things were - he apparently had no idea how we felt, or he wouldn't have asked.  Well, I couldn't resist telling him how awful I thought it was - he had pretty much nothing to say, and basically just walked away without addressing the issue - he was caught totally off-guard and I hope next time he asks someone he'll be more ready to hear what they have to say - with a manager like that, I'm not surprised this place is pumping out such low quality fare.  

So...that was my dinner.  $35 plus drinks and I can honestly say I've had better at Chile's, Applebees or Red Lobster, which you can interpret as a big ol' huge slap in the face!  My companions had the same opinion.  In fact, that's how I'd classify Liliana's - they appear to want to cater to chain restaurant clientele, and they have pretty much nothing better to offer.  Madison Magazine should think twice about which restaurants they allow to be part of Restaurant Week - this should be an opportunity for the best of Madison restaurants to showcase what they have to offer, at a spectacular deal to the public - I have continually walked into restaurant week with that mindframe, and I've been continually disappointed.  Madisonians should think twice about participating in this ever declining extravaganza.  Also, do yourself a big favor and do not dine at Liliana's.

Thanks for your time.  I hope you have found this review to be helpful, I hope you do not dine at Liliana's, and I hope Liliana's reads this review and makes some changes.
I have tried nearly every restaurant in the Madison area, and I can tell you that this is among the top restaurants to experience at some point. Despite its rather costly menu (expect ~$25 per person after tip), you will certainly want to come back. Their appetizer menu is interesting, diverse, and VERY freshly prepared. I recommend the fried alligator or fried cheese curds (best in the city) to start off. For the main dish, I recommend the salmon, although everything is good (I have tried the tilapia, jambolia, scampi, salmon, angus fillet, and catfish). They have a very impressive wine menu, which pairs well with their servers' comprehensive understanding of wine. Try to come in at a time when a band is playing. Service is a definite 10/10. No need to make reservations. There is Literally no possible way to complain about this place.
Overpriced and lacks in creativity and flavor.  Is it bad, no.  Is it worth my hard earned money, no.  Is it authentic, no.  Will I go there again, no.
The waitress greeted us promptly. The food was very delicious! Corn bread was awesome! The best jambalaya I have ever had! I also had endive salad, which came in huge portion.
I love this place for all sorts of reasons.  Great place to meet people for drinks, stopping by quick for a pre-movie appetizer, or a really nice dinner.  Sundays kids eat free!
Crab cakes are fantastic and they have a very big bar selection.
Didn't like my main course, but not because of bad taste, just wasn't my kinda food.
Will definitely go back for appetizers and drinks though.
Brunch shrimp and grits and bottomless mimosa's at lilianas
Liliana's is tucked away on the edge of Fitchburg and is completely unassuming from the outside. We stopped by for Restaurant Week PUMPDIZZLED to see a vegan menu. Not every day you see this, people! The menu included: salad of carrots, tomatoes, radish and caramelized onion vinaigrette, entrée of blackened seitan with sweet potato puree and julienned vegetables, and a gluten free/vegan chocolate cake. The salad was straight-forward, but I enjoyed the vinaigrette- tangy and not too sweet. The entrée was tasty with roasted red peppers and perfectly sautéed zucchini. I could eat that sweet potato puree for breakfast lunch and dinner, jus' sayin'. The cake, however, was totally dry and I only had a couple bites. I get that gluten free and vegan is a tough combo, but figure that ish out before putting it on the menu.

We sat outside and listened to some awesome live guitar and singing. I would go back just to sit out there on a summer night, sip a drink, and watch the sunset over the prairie! That's something you just don't get on the Isthmus.
Beautiful atmosphere + some of the best fish ever. They've modeled the dining room after the French Quarter, going so far as to include a balcony and a working fountain in the middle of the restaurant.

I opted for the andouille-crusted tilapia, and I was not disappointed. I still think about it months after I last ate it. On the outside, a perfectly crispy, slightly sweet, savory and garlicky crust packed with seasonings. On the inside was a hearty, slightly salty, perfectly-cooked piece of tilapia that came apart in layers. I've always obsessed over my beloved "chicken fish," so I was glad to go with what I like and see that Liliana's had done it justice. The sweet potato mash on the side was addictively delicious, and the julienned veggies pretty impressive as well.

Service may have been the fastest I've ever received, although I did come in on a slow weekday afternoon. We were in and out of there in half an hour.
Had the $10 lunch special...oyster po'boy, came with salad or soup, sweet potato chips, white beans, homemade cornbread,  and a fresh lemonade. One of the best Cajun restaurants around.
So my boyfriend ordered the salmon and really liked it, I ordered the fried shrimp po boy and HATED it. Omg it was nasty, everything that was on my plate was no good. I'm very picky so i tried going with something that I was familiar with... The fried shrimp were barely fried, shouldn't have even called them that and they were VERY rubbery.. On top of that they were massive. I mean the shrimp were huge.. So just imagine taking a bite into a sandwich and eating a half fried giant rubber shrimp. I couldn't even eat it. I moved on to the chips hoping i could eat something on the plate, but no. They were chewy?! Why? Maybe that's how they were suppose to be and I'm just so out of tune with what's going on.. But I didn't eat those either. My boyfriend did however because the small portion of salmon on his plate left him still hungry. You think for $18 you'd be able to get full. Anyways I'm not going back just off that one experience. I think I'll pass. Out was that bad. For the price (expensive) I should have loved everything. Oh yea we also had the cheese curds, once again disappointed. Greasy and no flavor. I love cheese curds and being from Wisconsin I know a good one when I eat it and they definitely weren't up to par. I'll pass
For my first visit to Liliana's I went for lunch.
I should have worked out that morning and perhaps starved myself for a week, before I arrived here. Delicious food, large portions. Not enough room!
Staff was courteous, polite and on it.  My lunch date and I ordered several items to share.
(note to coffee drinkers: they gave me my own table side french press)
We had the cheese curds- even for Wisconsin this plate was stacked so high of cheesey puffed goodness it was taller than the plate was wide.  We didn't even finish them!
Bowls of gumbo- I had to order the gumbo.  I would give it a B+.  It was good, but didn't blow me away.
Poor Boy Sandwich with shrimp: Bread was crusty and perfect.  Sandwich again seemed giant or maybe it was the cheese curd appetizer and gumbo that put us over the top.  I actually felt bad for not being able to eat the food. 
Had to ask for my left overs to be wrapped up in a happy to go box.
I'll make another pit stop here once I start training for a marathon.
Liliana's keep up the curd work!
It is tasty, standard Cajun food.  The food doesn't live up to the price in my opinion. Highlight of when I've been is the Alligator appetizer.
Think meetings suck?
Think they're not productive?
Yelp Elite Rowan C is queen of awesome meetings, seriously, we get so much done and have a great time gabbing.
When she heard I had never been to Liliana's she decided a mid-week visit was a must! We decided to split a french press which was decent, but the temperature of the water wasn't hot enough and I'm guessing the grounds were a little too fine because many made it to my mug and created a pretty bitter sludge. The bananas foster fared a bit better, although sort of a small portion for eight bucks. Rowan's pecan pie was tasty, albeit a touch on the sweet side. (I realize pecan pie is essentially nuts/crust/sugar/egg...sweet...but a dash of salt of something spicy like nutmeg or ginger can really cut the cloyingly sweet taste that lingers.) I want to head back and check this place out for a more substantial meal but I'd probably pass on dessert.
I'm conflicted. I enjoyed my meal at Liliana's. The rest of my party was a tad less enthusiastic. But this is my review, right? Right. So it gets a three.

The atmosphere of the restaurant is fun! It's classy, yet playfully New Orleans-like. There were cool lights representing street lamps of sorts, which lined the walkway/hallway to more seating that I found cool, plus a fountatin that was adjacent to the table we were at. First impressions: great. 

As far as food goes....three cheers for the complimentary cornbread! I LOVE cornbread and theirs was served nice and toasty warm with a jalapeno butter and it was all glorious. 

As I hysterically raved about the cornbread, we ordered calamari (of course) as an appetizer and while fried calamari is not my personal favorite, this dish was polished off by everyone else.


For entrees, we ordered:

*jambalya of blackened shrimp, andouille sausage, taso ham, nueske's bacon, peppers, tomatoes, onions, rice

*pasta liliana - shrimp, andouille, chicken, parpadelle pasta, spicy red pepper cream sauce

*pork tenderloin special

*scottish salmon, red pepper risotto, julienned squash, balsamic reduction, chive oil

*caesar salad


The jambalya was tasty though I feel unworthy of bashing/bolstering this dish as jambalya is uncharted territory for me. Truthfully, I'd say this was only my second experience with jambalya. Soooo I'm far from an expert on the dish. But I did enjoy it. I appreciated how the various ingredients/components worked together and complimented one another.

The pasta dish got the thumbs up. 

The pork tenderloin special, on the other hand, was mediocre. The pork was rather tough and overcooked. And the dish as a whole just had too much going on that it wasn't a cohesive entrée. The flavors were all over the place, not in a good way.

The salmon that I ordered as my meal was very tasty. The fish and risotto were both cooked just right and seasoned perfectly. 

Overall, I'm glad I tried Liliana's....and man am I craving that cornbread right about now.
Wow. I had heard of this place, and to be honest, felt that it wasn't "really my bag, baby." I couldn't have been more wrong - Liliana's definitely is my bag, baby! Awesome - just awesome.

+ Sat at "Charlie's Bar"
+ Excellent - nay, superb - bartenders and staff; very helpful and friendly
+ Water glasses kept full throughout entire visit; barely ever hit half empty
+ Nice tap list; heavy Abita influence, which is cool by me, Daddio
+ Happy hour until 6:00pm; $1 off taps and other specials

+ Great little jazzy duo playing songs in the far corner of the bar (Wednesday night)
+ Perfect volume; not too loud - just an ideal background sound
+ Played until at least 8:30pm - were still playing when I left

+ Bartender recommended the crab cakes & the grass-fed, Angus fillet
+ With the exception of the seafood, all food is locally sourced within a hundred miles or less
+ The crab cakes were excellent 
- Personally would've preferred a bit more "lumpy" crab; was a bit on the smooth side
+ The steak was otherworldly - just beautifully done and supremely tasty
+ Ordered medium-rare & it arrived a *perfect* medium rare - YAY!
+ Prices were super reasonable
+ French press coffee - yes, please

+ Wine list/options recognized by Wine Spectator (as of 2013)
+ David, the owner and executive chef walked-by, introduced himself, and asked how everything was; I got the impression he is genuinely interested and invested in getting feedback about his business.

This place will be on my short-list of go-to venues when I'm on the south side of town. I am angry with myself for not checking them out earlier - as mentioned, I wrongly believed the menu would be heavy on jambalaya and gumbo... wrong, wrong, wrong - it's a diverse menu and the food is perfectly executed. 

Don't be dumb like I was (ahem, am) - go. Go now.
Decor was beautiful. Service... not so much. 

I went about 2 weeks ago with my sister and my nephew at around 3 in the afternoon. We were the only people there. Cornbread and jalapeno butter... awesome. The tenderloin bruschetta was awesome. Our entrees... not so much. We got a parmesan and butter pasta for the little one, and all you could really taste was the gallons of olive oil poured on top of it. The jambalaya was just very salty and not that flavorful.
Thank you Liliana's for an experience... not just a meal :)

Time: 
We visited on a chilly Saturday a little after noon. At his time the place was quite and fairly empty, perfect for a quite little lunch with a spunky child in tow.

Atmosphere: 
With the jazzy music softly playing in the background, and our kid adorned with a new strand of Mardi Gras Beads, the hostess led us down an alley decorated with street lamps to the seating area bright with natural sunlight streaming. A calming fountain bubbled softly near us which also gave our daughter some entertainment while waiting for the food.

Staff: 
The hostess and waiter were both pleasant, friendly, and professional. The knew his stuff. When asked to elaborate this beautifully fragrant  bean/couscous dish that was served with our meals, without hesitation the dish was explained. 

Our Order:
Blue Cheese Burger - Excellent! This was a wonderfully seasoned dish with just the right amount and strength of blue cheese. Possibly the best burger in town... and we have tried over a dozen!!!

Fried Shrimp Po'Boy - At first bite I wasn't sure if I quite liked it but by the end of the sandwich I was crying for more. The hose made mayo was a delightful addition though I did need to add a dash more of salt and pepper.

Cup of Gumbo - I don't think I have much authority on this dish. I have tried gumbo a grand total of 3 times now and each time I have had the same reaction... I don't really like it! From my limited experience it was good but not amazing... Not enough to make me a fan of gumbo... I still need to be converted.

Benyas - These came absolutely drenched in powdered sugar, just as they should. As I remarked to my wife, these were good but I don't think they were up to restaurant snuff. I would expect a twist to make this a memorable dish. Although they tasted good, I think it would be divine if they tried to do something more special than simply frying and dusting with powdered sugar. Perhaps in triangles served with a small scoop of homemade cinnamon ice cream to balance the warm benyas and their delicious crunch.

Sides - All main dishes came with a white bean and couscous salad with mixed herbs. It smelled wonderful and also tasted pretty good though I think the beans could have been cooked a minute longer as they were slightly tough to my liking. A nice fresh side to the heavier portion of a meal. 
Now the best most absolutely amazing part of the meal was the sweet potato crisps. They were not oily at all and just absolutely shined with sweet potato and salt flavor. Liliana's is almost worth going to just for the potato crisps!

Verdict:
Wonderful atmosphere, pleasant staff, delicious food, affordable, and kid friendly. I would definitely recommend this and will return again! Thanks Liliana's.
Another visit and this place is still TOPS in my book. I'm shocked that it wasn't slammed with people - it's such a stellar place.

+ Great music in the bar, once again
+ Incredible service - so attentive, helpful, and genuine
+ Abita beers, good wine, great happy hour specials
+ The tenderloin... 'nuff said

Love. Pure love.
Though I have been to Liliana's a couple of times now, I still don't feel that I have actually experienced what Liliana's has to offer so I am definitely looking forward to going back and updating my review.

On my first visit, I was there as a vegan, yeah you read that right.  I went vegan for about a month or so and had the pleasure of trying dishes that I would not normally not try. On this particular visit, I have to say that I was disappointed by their lack of vegan friendly options.  After scanning the menu for a bit however, I was able to find the tofu wings.  Generally, not a big fan of tofu but def a huge fan of wings so I was interested in how it would be prepared.  The presentation was sort of lacking but I don't really know what I was expecting.  On my plate came about 6 strips of tofu in buffalo sauce.  It wasn't until after I received my dish that I decided to tell the waitress that I was vegan; at that she noted that the 'wings' had actually been fried in butter.  I didn't want to make a fuss and actually offered to keep it but she was so nice and insisted that they make me another plate, this time without the butter.  I was really impressed by how helpful she was.  

When I received my new plate, I ate the food and again, I don't really know what I was expecting but they were just okay.  Because they were advertised as wings, I was expecting a bit more texture but instead the tofu was pretty soft.   The buffalo sauce was good I guess :)  The meal wasn't all bad, the salad that I had to start was good and the date loved the etouffe that he ordered.  The table also came with cornbread which I was told was really soft and had a a great taste.

My second visit was on Valentine's Day.  This visit was also not a typical experience because there was a pre-set menu and unfortunately, none of the offerings were creole.  With that said however, I really enjoyed the meal.  There were five courses, all the same save the choice in entree.  It started out with a butternut squash soup, then salad, ravioli, and ended with a petite sirloin and chocolate mouse with strawberry.  Everything was delicious!  I really really enjoyed everything I ate and do not have a complaint.  The atmosphere was great and the service was outstanding.

I am really looking forward to trying this place under 'normal' circumstances and look forward to trying what looks to be a very interesting menu!
Great cheese curds! The service was great. Lots of vegetarian options! It was a tad spicy for my taste but that's because I'm a wimp. But I would go back.
Located between a crematorium and a gynecologist's office, Liliana's offers some pretty alright New Orleans flavor to the Madison area. I had the mushroom risotto and my love had chicken diablo -- it's the pork that makes it devilish. Good cornbread, nice service, romantic atmosphere after the sun goes down (before that it was too bright). There was live music, a guy playing mostly Beatles tunes, but they gave us the option of sitting near or far from him. Far was perfect -- it was nice to hear the music in the background but not so loud that we couldn't hear each other.
This review is long overdue.  I went here with 7 of my family members last May after I graduated.  We wanted to go to a place where everyone would have options and that wouldn't be too busy.  I'm so happy we went here!

It's an adorable place and they had no problems accommodating our large party.  They answered any questions we had quickly and kindly, refilled waters in a timely manner, and the food (for a larger party) didn't take too long.

Everyone really enjoyed their meals!  I think 3 of my grandparents (I had two sets there!) went with the Liliana Burger, my other grandma had the chicken salad po'boy, my mom and brother had the salmon, my dad had the etoufee, and I had the Vegan Seitan (which doesn't appear to be on the menu anymore, but they do have other vegan items).  I was so, so pleased with the seitan.  It was tender, flavorful, and came with perfectly seasoned vegetables and mashed sweet potatoes.  Everyone else LOVED their items too - seriously, they were raving.  Both of my grandpas (who are the silent-steady types, and use words rarely and efficiently) said I made a "good choice" for my post-graduation dinner.

I don't live in Madison anymore, but when I come back for visits, Liliana's is high on my list for places to revisit!

UPDATE 6/11/14: GUYS they have a new vegan/vegetarian menu and it looks BOMB.   Their seitan that I loved so much is back on the menu, along with several other extremely tempting dishes that I will be trying ASAP when I'm back in Madtown
I'd been having a long day when I made it to Liliana's for dinner. But then, in a shimmering instant of unspeakable beauty, it all got much better. The waitress came by our table, filled up our water glasses and said with a startling nonchalance that belied the grandeur of her statement, "I'll just bring you some cornbread, m'kay?"

How did she know? How did she know that cornbread was the answer? That cornbread at the end of a long day was like kittens to the internet? Like a hashtag to a hipster? A maque choux to a New Orleans fish dish?

It was a lovely start to a good meal. My entree was very good, but let's skip right along to dessert.

Beignets! I don't know what beignets are supposed to taste like, really, since I've only ever had them in Wisconsin, but I hope this is it. Because these are guuuud. Heavy but airy, doughy but lofty, sweet and full to the brim of the taste of calories.

The waitress came back to take them away and left us a card indicating that if we shared our anniversary  on the card we could have free beignets on our anniversary. We haven't set a date for our wedding yet but we made our best guess in hopes of some free beignets.
April 2014 - The concept is great, the food was adequate, the service was flat.   I called for dress code advice and reservations and informed the employee that it would be our first visit to Liliana's and our party of four were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday.  When I arrived at the restaurant I handed the hostess my credit card so that I could pay for the meal and again advised of the birthday celebration.   She seated us near the table bussing station in an nearly empty dining room.  The waiter was not engaged, the restaurant was out of Albita Lite beer,  one of us ordered the catfish po-boy and she received the catfish dinner, another ordered the steak medium and it arrived red in the middle.  My dish (Diablo Chicken) was not spicy at all and when I asked for more Sirachi sauce, he brought the sauce that was already on the chicken.  We had research the menu online and when we asked about hush puppies the waiter informed us the menu changes all the time and hush puppies were not available.  The cornbread was delicious, the pear salad was very good and the beignets were wonderful.  The hostess either did not convey to the waiter my payment request nor the birthday celebration or the waiter did not bother to comply with either.  

All in all it was a disappointment, the birthday boy did enjoy his jambalaya.

Not sure if were will be back.
I've only been here once, but they had me at delicious and complementary corn bread and sweet butter. 

The Jambalaya is definitely the thing to order here - there are few things in life I regret  not having done, and not ordering this might be one of them.  Fortunately, my husband did order it and I got a chance to slowly devour the enormous shrimp, sausage, and seasoned rice in one bite before he took his plate back.

They make their own sweet potato chips as a side. 

Friendly wait staff, and it's a good place to take children.  We don't come to Fitchburg that often, but we might be back again for Liliana's.
This is a time that I really, REALLY wish you could give half-star reviews. I mean, I know everyone says that, but it would be really applicable to this situation. 

I dined at Liliana's this past Saturday, and I would rank it as a 3.5 star experience. I'd never been to Liliana's before despite living in Madison for close to 10 years. (I know, I was shocked too). The experience was fun, overall.

The atmosphere is nice. The dining area and bar are cute.  We had a reservation and arrived a bit early. We had to wait a few minutes, but were still seated by the time our reservation was scheduled for, so it was fair.

We were seated and service initially seemed really attentive. The waiter took our drink and appetizer order, and brought the first round and appetizer out promptly. We then ordered our entrees, and I ordered a second drink. Here is where the experience started to go downhill slightly. About 15 minutes after I ordered my second drink (a glass of wine), the waiter came back to ask me what I had ordered again. I guess he forgot? I used to be a server, and I know that's easy to do when you're swamped, but he never mentioned the error. He finally brought the wine out about 45 minutes after I ordered it. If you're keeping track, you'll notice that over an hour has passed since we were initially seated, and still no entrees. Other tables seated after us were also delivered their entrees before we got ours. 

So, after waiting seemingly forever for our entrees, I was disappointed when, famished, I dug into mine (jambalaya) and it was lukewarm. Again, I suspect the server was swamped and probably didn't bring it out when it was actually ready, and hot. I wouldn't write Liliana's off based on this experience alone, but a couple other reviewers note the same thing about service. Maybe they just need a couple more waiters or something. 

The food was fairly average, but tasty. The jambalya would have been better if it were served hot. I actually preferred my husband's dish, the Diablo Chicken (served on grits) to mine. Our cheesecurds appetizer was also good, but you can get good fried cheese almost anywhere (God, I love this state!). In short, Liliana's was not bad, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there if it involved a long wait or something.
I think the $10 lunch combo is great.  Could do that every day; however, just had dinner there again and ordered the grilled salmon with haricot verts, smashed new potatoes and a blueberry gastrique.  The main event was the problem.  The salmon was way over cooked.  Should be medium/translucent and was cooked to "dead" and was dry and flavorless.  There was no blueberry gastrique to be found and if it's supposed to be subtle in appearance, then there was no taste at all to it.

I wish the Jambalaya didn't have ham in it or I would have ordered that.  People at the table liked it, as well as the etoufee, and Liliana's pasta, which I have had previously and enjoyed.

The salmon was not what it should have been at all and it's $19.00!  I've had better for less.

On a brigher note, I could eat the delicious cornbread all day long with the scallion infused sweet butter served with it.
A great find. Gumbo and smoked wings are excellent. Perfectly seasoned. Mac and cheese is creamy and tasty. Gourmet cajun food, how can you go wrong?
I am fed up with so many midwest restaurants calling themselves "Louisiana/New Orleans style" "Creole style" "Southern Style". It's no where near the real deal. It is a complete shame. 

I dined here a few months back on a Saturday evening. It was pretty late and the restaurant was about to close in a hour or so. This could have been my fault for coming later in the evening when the kitchen was so close to shutting down and not providing good food. Still, for a  $50 meal for two, I expect better. There was a live  jazz band playing. They were very good. It added some good ambience to the restaurant. Really enjoyed the music. Now on to the food

 My boyfriend and I were giving some cornbread with a honey butter as a starter from our waitress. I know corn bread and this is NOT cornbread. It tasted like Jiffy Mix batter and they added a bit more sugar. I've eaten all kinds of corn bread before, boxed cornbread, homemade cornbread even the class "hot water" cornbread, so I feel like I can safely say that I have a qualified taste pallet to rate  some good cornbread and this just isn't it.

The honey butter however was good. It would be proper to add it with a fresh loaf of warm bread. But I am of the belief that when you have a great piece of cornbread in front of you, you do not need to add more butter. The cornbread itself should have enough in it that all you want to do is indulge yourself into another piece. No add ons!

Moving on from the cornbread, I order this blackened cash fish dinner with dirty rice and side of I believe blackeye peas with various veggies in it including (collard) greens. My rice was very hard and my blackeye peas were cold. Again, maybe it was a mistake to dine there 1 hour before closing time. My rice tasted like it may had been scrapped from the bottom of the rice cooker and the dish ended up having pork in it which I do not eat. Knowing creole food, I should have asked the waitress beforehand if pork was used in the dish ,so that is of no fault of the restaurant, however, the hard rice and cold peas are. The catfish was blackended to perfection but it lacked flavor. No salt. A pinch would have done the trick. Overall, an extremely disappointing experience and is not in my opinion New Orleans style cuisine.

 If you were to take this restaurant and move it to New Orleans, they wouldn't survive. Due to their location, I think they stay open simply because they have no other local competition in the area of "creole" cuisine and some people aren't use to either cooking this kind of food themselves or actually experiencing  food straight from New Orleans. 

I really do not want to be the one review that seems to go overboard but I am very opinionated about this restaurant. I can cook better than what I was served. Sorry.
Came for the first time tonight. Ordered the Jambalaya and the Gumbo. Both were really good with the Gumbo bring the favorite of the two. For dessert we had the beignets, 3 tasty treats for $4!!  I highly recommend it!!
Sad face. Very sad face.

I *love* Liliana's - or should I say, "loved." Based on my previous visits, I couldn't have recommended this place any more than I did. But this most recent visit, on Monday, June 9, 2014 left a seriously bad taste with me.

- Arrived and requested seats at the bar, where the service has typically been outstanding. Was told the bar "is pretty much closed because of some Chef thing we're doing, I guess." (read that in a disinterested hostess voice)

+ Was seated outside on the front patio. 
-When I inquired as to whether or not it was non-smoking, the hostess said, "Um, I don't really know. I don't see anyone smoking right now, so my guess is not?" 
+ She later confirmed that it was indeed, non-smoking

+ Server, Jeff, arrived quickly, introduced himself, and asked about drinks. I was just in the process of checking in via the Yelp app; I set it down, inquired about the Abita taps, and ordered a Jockamo IPA. Friend ordered a Liliana's Hurricane.

- Jeff disappeared for 15 minutes, only reappearing to refill the waters and to tell us that the drinks "were almost ready." I asked if we could order cheese curds, as it had been 15 minutes since we sat down. He took the order and disappeared. 

- A few minutes later, he arrived; my beer had obviously been sitting at the bar for quite some time, as had the Hurricane - both were extremely sweaty. The ice in the hurricane was nearly completely melted. I suspect Jeff had forgotten about our drinks...

- Jeff reappeared and took our food order; a catfish po boy and a burger. I asked for a side of the "cheddar grits" as they sounded excellent and were included with a few of the entrees. He assured me assured this was not a problem.

- Cheese curds arrived and they were a mess of exploded, over-cooked, overly salty shells of vapid batter, sans any hint of cheese. We opened every single curd with a fork and knife and found zero cheese - it had all been cooked-out while in the fryer. The tempura-style batter was no match for spending too much time in the fryer. 

- We couldn't find Jeff to flag him down to alert him to the problem. When he did reappear, I asked him to swing by and explained to him the problem with the curds. He said he'd get a new order. My beer was empty at this point, as was my water, but he was gone so quickly, I didn't have a chance to order a refill.

- I also feared that the new curds would arrive at exactly the same time as the entrees... and, my fear was confirmed. Out came the curds, followed by the entrees. Before Jeff could turn around to bolt away, I asked for another beer, and also asked for the wifi password. This seemed to confuse Jeff; he wasn't sure if they had wifi. When I showed him the "Liliana's Guest" wifi network, he said he'd be back with the password...

+ Burger was superb. Perfectly cooked, nicely seasoned, fresh greens, tasty bleu cheese, and a great bun.

- The cheddar grits were anything but grits. They came out in a fried and formed cake-like shape, resembling more of a crab cake than creamy cheddary grits. I cut into the grits and found no semblance of anything grit - it was like a cheesy hash brown. I'm fairly certain grits don't contain chunks of onion and potato.

+ Catfish Po Boy was excellent - perfectly cooked catfish, nicely seasoned, tasty slaw, and a hearty, yet not-overwhleming bun. The accompanying side of white bean salad consisted primarily of couscous, pesto, and garlic. Only a few white beans were found.

- The second attempt of curds were slightly less blown-out, but they were completely devoid of any "cajun" seasoning (they're sold as Cajun Cheese Curds). Instead, they were terribly salty, greasy, and just not good at all. My friend observed that they tasted like "carnival fair batter" - sweet, and overly salty. 

- Never saw Jeff again. He didn't bring the password, he didn't follow-up on the meal, and he didn't drop off the check. After sitting for 20 minutes or so, staring helplessly at the restaurant, we got up and went to the bar to grab our check. The table next to us did the same thing; they had a similar service nightmare...

$60 for a truly unmemorable meal and an even more forgetful experience (literally). 

The maddening part was that I saw Chef Dave sitting in the bar, at a long table, surrounded by other chef-types. They were talking about the service industry... as I walked out, the hostess didn't bother to lift her head from her phone - she was busy tapping away on the screen.

Ugh. What a polarizing experience... Lovely night at a restaurant that I previously enjoyed beyond compare, with subpar food and truly horrid service. Wow.
I finally got to check this place out last Sunday, and  was disappointed.

My friends and I arrived around 2 pm, and sadly had to order from the brunch menu. My two companions ordered the Shrimp & Grits, and they both loved it. I ordered a standard breakfast plate with cheesy grits, bacon, potatoes and scrambled eggs. I found the bacon overcooked, the potatoes under-seasoned, the eggs too salty and the cheesy grits not cheesy enough. Everything on the plate was perfectly edible, but just not good enough to justify the $9 bill. The portions were also quite small.

We enjoyed sitting outside on the patio, and our server was nice and attentive.

I'll probably stop back again to try one of their lunch or dinner options.
Hit the bam-bam guy's new place in the palazzo. nice looking place ...didn't walk around it but what i saw - not too fancy...but nice.  bar area in the front, then they have a food bar in front of the kitchen so you can see them " do their thing."  of course, since i was dining solo - that's where i sat.  not very busy, but hey, it's a monday - most are driving or flying back home from the 3 day weekend.

started with a foo-foo drink $14 ,,,some sort of fruit punch mix - nice juice taste..but didn't get much of an alcohol taste. the specialty drinks ...i believe they were all $14

they give you parkerhouse rolls ...nice saltiness on the top - decent - nothing special - but good

they had an apps section ( most around $12-18 ) a salad section...i didn't look at it ...wasn't in the salad mood - i went with a miso cod app with a slaw noodle topping ( not sure why i went with that ) the server told me it would be a 4-6 ounces...that surprised me - my guess - at most 4 ounces and probably closer to 3 ounces ...  - it had a nice flavor..but while i ate it ...kept saying to myself ,  i'm not at tao or social house...dummy !!  even stranger - had a fat tire ale ( $7.50 )  with the cod ... oh well...

the mains - separate meat section ( deconstructed...asked the server ...huh ?  he said ...all it means is ala-carte...oh ok ...whatever ! )  filet, sirloin,,i believe there was a rib-eye too....the last item - short ribs ...server said it takes 3 days to make...again...not sure why...but i went with it ( $28 ) .  the special for the day was monkfish, there were also other entrees like rotisserie chicken, jambalaya, a pasta dish - there were 4 or 5 others...can't remember them.  they had sides - asparagus, mushrooms, mashed, all $7 the only expepensive side ...lobster mac and cheese....not lobster mashed potatoes....LOBSTER MAC AND CHEESE...$15...i didn't get it....CHICKEN !!!

The short ribs - a large chunk of meat - about 6 ounces ..nice sauce....but a little unusual - like the meat was cooked in a different sauce....i didn't care for it overall.  the mushrooms in a pinot sauce...white shrooms...i think...didn't impress me.

for dessert - the chef recommended the white chocolate malasaca's ( sp ) - almost went with it but then i saw the strawberry bread pudding with almond ice cream ...i should've listened to the chef ...the bread pudding was ok...just boring.... cost $9 - i believe most of the other desserts were similarly priced.

total bill $96 ( also had a glass of pinot with the main entree )

overall - ok - will i go back....probably not.
Wasn't our first choice to go to Table 10, and it was actually my first Emeril restaurant.

Have to say--for all the hype of all of Emeril's restaurants in Vegas, I was surprisingly disappointed.

We were one of the last tables seated and were informed immediately that the kitchen was closing in ten minutes. We both ordered the tomato bisque as a soup. I ordered the kobe sirloin and my vegetarian friend ordered the meat pasta, just minus the meat and plus vegetables. I must say that the server was very courteous throughout the meal. Bread service was good as well. 

The soups came out within reasonable time. Our entrees took FOREVER. I didn't even notice, but a table of four who sat down after us got their entrees BEFORE we got ours. Our server kindly pointed this out after assuring that someone would be looking into our order. Considering the location of the restaurant, I was disappointed at the speed at which my food came out. Apologies were given, but the quality of the food didn't make up for the disappointment at this point.

In Table 10's defense, they did just open so maybe they're still figuring things out. For their sake, I hope they figure things out soon.
For starters, the tomato bisque was very good. The Table 10 salad was more or less just a plain salad. The bread, kind of a quasi-portuguese sweet roll, was really good when warm and fresh. 

The entrees were pretty good, though nothing was spectacular. We all ordered different items, including a couple of the specials. The seafood items were ok and the lobster pot pie had some whole pieces of claw meat. The rotisserie and beef entrees were good, as were the sides. 

The desserts were nice, but there was no bam to be found. Emeril's wines were surprisingly good. The rhone red blend was decent, the chardonnay much better. 

The service itself was hit or miss. Everyone was very friendly and our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu. The wine and starters all came out without a problem. Then we moved to our entrees. They were brought under those room service lids and placed on a tray next to our table. Where they sat for several minutes as 4 servers had to be rounded up to simultaneously place the dishes. And they didn't even need 4 because 2 servers gave us the mains while the other 2 gave us the sides - and there were only 2 side dishes. My dish probably wasn't piping hot as it was, but the extra wait basically made everything on my plate lukewarm. 

Being so close to the opening, I guess they're still working out some of the kinks. Having reservations on OT makes it somewhat more likely that I'll go back to see if they've worked things out.
I only had drinks at the bar here in the middle of a Monday but I thought it was a nice relaxing place for such an activity.  And, the bar itself is kinda cool.  The drinks were good (I had something fancy from the menu), the service was good and the bathrooms were nice.  They drinks were awfully pricey, though.  So, I think it's a good spot to chill for a quiet drink and then go back and gamble and get free drinks.  I would like to return here for dinner, although I do have to say that it would take a lot to make me go all the way into this part of the Palazzo for dinner when so many other options are closer.  I would pass others on the way and probably get distracted and go into them, instead.  So, maybe the location is better for drinks instead of dinner.
The food was delicious.  I ordered the Filet mignon and Australian lobster tail.  I know there are lots of steak and lobster deals in Vegas, but the quality here was exceptional, even when compared to Emeril's other restaurant, Delmonico's (inside Venetian).  I highly recommend the Lobster Pot Pie.  It was flavorful and probably the best thing I ate on the trip.  

The drinks were good, but some were really potent; what else do you expect from a New Orleans style restaurant located in Vegas? 

The service was friendly and attentive.  The decor was nice, but only so-so compared with so many other upscale restaurants in Vegas.
Another delicious meal in Vegas! I've visited Emeril's in the MGM hotel a few times and have enjoyed every meal I've had there. So I was especially excited to try out his new venture at the Palazzo hotel. I was staying at the Wynn, so this was conveniently located "next door" and just a quick 10 min walk. 

To begin they have these fabulous warm fluffy and surprisingly slightly salty dinner rolls. Yes, salty. I loved this combination. The roll is served warm and buttery and has a light sprinkling of sea salt on top of the roll. Partnered with a small spread of butter it was a great way to begin the dining experience :)

My friend and I started our meal with one of the daily specials, suggested by our server, Crab Cakes. Now I'll admit that these were pretty small. It's a serving of three cakes about 2-3 bites each. However, they were light on filler and and filled with crab. Though given their size I would've been incredibly disappointed had they been mostly bread crumbs. 

For dinner I had the Grilled Salmon. It was SOOOO good! Served atop a homemade chorizo and tortilla hash, with corn and a tomatillo relish. The Salmon had a great outer crust and was flaky and moist on the inside. The tortilla hash threw me a bit but was a great accompaniment to the fish. The tortillas were just tender (not crispy chips) and the chorizo was fairly lean and slightly spicy.  This "hash" would've been a great dish by itself! To share, my friend and I split the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese. WOW O WOW!!!! This truly is a meal in itself and at $17 it could be! This was not your everyday mac 'n' cheese. It was cheesy, creamy, warm, filled with large lobster meat bits and topped with a crusty baked crumb top. HEAVEN! It was soooo good! It  warmed your insides (even though it was 100 degrees outside!) and is simply comforting comfort food :)

The service was prompt, friendly and courteous. Our server was warm and funny and a good sport. 

An overall GREAT experience, I'm just sad that we were too full to sample any desserts....there's always next time!
The food was wonderful!  I had the salmon and it was great!  Their seabass, ribeye steak, jambalaya pasta were also wonderful.  The wait staff is soooo friendly and they even give you a taste of something not on the menu, courtesy of the chef.  

I guess someone told them it was my bday and so they gave me this birthday strawberry sorbet thing that was SOOOOOOOOO GOOD.  

WONDERFUL.  GO HERE AND EAT.  Totally worth your money!
Table 10 was pretty much good as hell. The shrimp jambalaya was really good, and you don't even need to eat it with Shrimp. I don't really like shrimp because they are better used as fishing bait than to be consumed by humans. 

The pre-dinner bread was really great. I am not sure what they do to make it taste so good. Maybe it is injected with some kind of HGH or something. 

I will go here again provided it hasn't been leveled by the time I'm back in Vegas.
Pretty good but not spectacular.  I have to admit, the biscuits that they give you before your meal were really good..or it was because I was starving. The restaurant was fairly empty during the duration of our lunch here, maybe it's more of a dinner place. We started with the calamari which was alright, but after our appetizer we had to wait an eternity to get our entrees. The jambalaya here is wonderful, they use fresh hand made pasta, and the sauce is great but everything else was just mediocre.
After looking at the menus of several restaurants in the Palazzo/Venetian area, my bf and I decided to eat at Table 10. Our order: 

Bread: it was delicious! I think the top was slightly salted and its warm because they bring it to you directly from inside (?) so every time you finish your bread, they'll bring you another hot ONE. Not a basket where the bread will get cold, but one. =)

Crispy Calamari (appetizer): it came with 2 dipping sauces. I forgot what they were but I absolutely LOVED one of them and hated the other. haha I like that the "crispy" calamari was soft, not too crispy. I think because of that, my bf wasn't as into it as I was. And it was a bit salty but I love salty food so it was perfect for me. 

Grilled Dry Aged 1855 Angus Rib Eye (my entree): I was very happy with this. I ordered it medium well and it was perfectly slightly pink. The grilled flavor was perfect especially with a slice of butter already melted on top. It wasn't tender but I wasn't really expecting that. My bf was surprised that I liked it because I tend to like food with rich flavors like with sauces and what not. 

Pasta Jambalaya (bf's entree): bf wasn't too happy with his jambalaya because he thought the flavor was too "fishy" probably from the shrimp. And he's very sensitive to that. I didn't taste it though because I couldn't even finish my own food!

Fruit on the Bottom Lemon Creme Brulee (dessert): we are such creme brulee lovers and wow. This one was spectacular. I really like lemons too so the combination was great. I think the lemon flavor brought out the lightness of the creme brulee. On the bottom were blueberries. They were really sweet so combined it was a light yet fruity sweet (not sugar sweet) tasting creme brulee. mMmMMmm bf said that the creme brulee was the highlight of the meal for him. =)

What made this experience even better that the service was excellent. My bf had ordered a half size wine bottle and they would constantly come and fill his cup to a certain amount after he takes like one sip. Our glasses of water were constantly refilled as well. And I like how they make a big deal out of presenting the entrees to the table at once so that we both get our food in front of us at the same exact time. They were very friendly and attentive. Great service!

Link to restaurant: http://www.palazzolasvegas.com/table10.aspx
an emeril restaurant.  pretty easy to make a reservation for 8 of us at 8pm on saturday.  we arrive and it wasnt full.  

the menu has a lot of things that look like they would be good.  i decided on the special which was monkfish with kale and lobster and bacon.  and also we shared some sides - pinot noir mushrooms, brocoli, and lobster mac and cheese.  others had the sea bass stuffed with crab, lobster pot pie, salmon, tomato bisque, and pasta jambalaya.  we all finished on pretty full stomachs.  some of us couldnt finish.

my dish was pretty good.  pretty filling.  i tasted the tomato bisque and it was just ok.  it didnt have enough taste i dont think.  i liked the brocoli and mushroom sides we got.

a waiter come and said he was our watier.  then some other waitress came to help us.  so that was confusing.  and when they came with our dishes it was all at once in wing formation.  pretty dramatic.
Came across this restaurant when I was reading my friend's check-in pamphlet at the Palazzo and Emeril's name caught my eye. Made a reservations for a party of 8 Saturday afternoon for the same night and was able to get a table at 7:30pm, which led me to think this place is not crowded. Arrived at the restaurant and seated us outside the restaurant by the shopping area, which was nice. 

Since I can only speak for the dished I ordered, I'll rate my dishes only.  I started off with the Sauteed Escargot. The escargots were shelled and sauteed over some sort of garlic sauce, I was surprised how many escargots were there and the texture was slightly chewy, which they should be. It was good but not great maybe because there wasn't enough gaaaaarlic. Then I ordered the special of the day, Monkfish with sauteed Main Lobster, this dish was very good. The monkfish was very simple and tender and the lobster has a buttery flavor, however there were only like 4-5 little pieces of lobster meat. I did not order any dessert but i had a taste of my friends Kahlua creme brulee, it had a very strong espresso flavor and was very smooth.

Overall, the service was subpar, food was good, price was a bit on the high side but expected, very friendly ambiance, and most of all I had a good meal with my friends.
I give this 3.5 stars.

We had a party of 8 and we were seated outside on a patio-like area. The view? ohhhh...a make-up store and escalators. Ambiance? Clicking heels and bright lights. I think dinner would've been much better if we were actually able to experience the restaurant itself...you know..like INSIDE.

The bread - I don't find it very tasty...it tasty like a watery dinner roll.

The bf and I shared the tartare appetizer and it was DELICIOUS! Two friends had the gumbo and it was really tasty. The Table 10 salad came with a parmesan thing and it was gooood. I really wanted to get the tomato bisque but I didn't want to ruin my appetite.

The entree's were okay. I had the salmon and the bf had the seabass. Both were very good. Mine came on top of a chorizo/tortilla mixture of some sort, his..with some weird...we couldn't figure it out. Too lazy to look at the menu again..... Peter L had the monkfish, which sounded good except I don't eat lobster. A few friends had the jambalaya which looked and sounded really good. It was a big big big portion. The lamb was apparently good because my friends plate was CLEAN.

For dessert, I shared the Kahlua creme brulee. YUM!!!!!!!

I would definitely come back for appetizers, drinks and dessert... maybe a before-a-late-dinner meal?
meh. it was ok. 

We started out with Escargot, which I thought was ok but my honey hated it. Then the lamb. I ordered the lamb and my guy ordered the steak. The steak was meh. It was blend. My lamb was absolutely fantastic on the other hand. My guy also ordered asparagus on the side, and I ordered the pinot noir mushrooms on the side. Asparagus was nothing exciting, but the mushrooms were excellent. 

So it turns out, whatever I ordered was fantastic five stars but whatever my guy ordered was meh three stars. Average the stars out and you get four.
This might just be one of the best meals we've ever had, and that is a lot coming from a couple of Foodies like us. This is an Emeril Lagasse restaurant and we've dined at a few of his restaurants before. We actually called down to the Concierge at the Venetian to ask for their recommendation for a nice dinner for a group. They suggested Table 10 in The Palazzo. The restaurant and the menu was completely unexpected because it is a different dining experience compared to other Emeril restaurants. 

Everything was a mouth- watering, taste- bud teaser experience. Food for the soul. Some of our favorites include the lobster pot pie, grilled asparagus, and baked lobster mac and cheese. Our friends had the Jambalaya and was completely satisfied as were we. Truly a meal not to forget.
I was skeptical about going to a place that "is" someone's restaurant. Also, Emril is a great guy and all, but over the last decade, all I've ever seen of his work is casseroles and gumbo served to grandmothers on FoodTV. So stopping in to table 10 I was very glad to see I was wrong.

Dishes we tried:
Tomato Bisque: I hate tomato soup and this was amazing.

Gumbo: I can't really eat shellfish, but I tasted and it was great as well, i just swelled up a little afterward. WORTH IT.

Fillet: Had it medium rare with a side of mushrooms. The steak was cooked just as requested and tasted great. The mushrooms in wine were nothing special at all. It was just some craminis with wine. I've made the same dish home plenty of time. A spring of fresh thyme does not a fancy dish make.

Salmon: This was pretty unique and I liked it a lot. It was a grilled salmon on top of what I can only describe as a tortilla bed. Kinda different, good!

Lamb: Cooked to perfection

Coffee Cake: This was a great dessert, but it was the doughnut things that shined.

Doughnuts: I can only describe these as white chocolate filled chorro flavored doughnut holes with a icing. My brain exploded at this point.
The best rolls I have ever had, but that was about it. I had the chicken with vegetable couscous and it wasnt anything special. I was part of a party of 5 and none of us were too happy with our entrees. The Calamari tasted like it should have been in a mexican restaurant and the pork inside of the spring rolls was way too hard, probably cause it was old.
See profile site for full review with formatted pics.

Having gone to Delmonico just one day prior and leaving less than impressed with the overall experience, yet thoroughly pleased by the food I decided to hold off on more Emeril (or rather more bread pudding) until next trip and instead reacquaint myself with Mr. Batali at Enoteca San Marco.  Unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately?) my friend who arrived early on Thursday morning doesn't fancy Italian and Vegas' dearth of quality lunch options led us to Table 10 at the Palazzo.  I've said it before and I'll say it again, regardless of others' opinions on Emeril his cooking is top notch, and his bread puddings and shrimp have never failed to be excellent. 
 
Arriving at Table 10, one immediately notices the staunch contrast to Delmonico's white/wood/elegant setting with the fancy wrought iron gates out front and multiple colored tables, televisions, and wide open kitchen.  Elegant yet trendy in a similar fashion to the New Orleans Fish House, yet more unique and upscale in appearance, decor, and service.....sort of bridging the gap between the casual Fish House and upscale Delmonico.
 
Seating was prompt and menus and water were delivered quickly.  While the lunch menu was slightly more limited than dinner, the options were still substantial.  I was slightly annoyed by our waiter who seemed somewhat bored and aloof as he mentioned their "famous signature dish" was the Maine lobster pot pie (the most expensive item on the menu.)  First of all, a dish cannot be "famous" when you've only been open for a couple of months.  Secondly, as a creole cook, Maine lobster is NOT signature....shrimp, crawfish, and jumbalaya, and bread pudding are.  Third, this is Michael Mina's signature, not yours, so don't lie.  
 
As I'd had breakfast at Bouchon followed by a stop at Bouchon bakery I must admit I wasn't entirely hungry, but my buddy had not eaten since flying in from Michigan.  For my meal I selected two appetizers; the Jambalaya with andouille sausage, clams, and shrimp plus the rotisserie chicken pizza w/ mushrooms, garlic, and buffala mozzarella while my friend opted for the enormous plate of Jambalaya pasta.  After orders were taken we sat and chatted and were delivered some of the most delicious sweet butter rolls I've ever experienced.  All told I think I consumed 3 rolls but it very well could have been 5, they were that good.

Mains were served after approximately 20 minutes and everything looked and tasted great.  The jambalaya was spicy without being overpowering and the roux was thick and hearty.  Ample pork sausage, shrimp, crawfish, and clams were all present along with a well cooked rice that provided good texture and contrast.  Not the very best jambalaya ever, but certainly an excellent representation.  Similar to my dish, my friend's jambalaya pasta contained wonderfully cooked egg noodles and a substantial number of jumbo shrimp plus shredded crawfish in a spicy broth.

While the jambalaya's were excellent, the pizza was even better with a truly "cracker-thin" crust perfectly basted with olive oil and covered with fresh veggies, tender marinated chicken, and fresh/smooth mozzarella.  While not substantial in portion, the price was right at $10 and I'd definitely put this on the list of best chicken pizzas I've tasted.  Not quite as good as Batali's pizza at Otto, but darn good.

For dessert, Bread pudding - a no brainer when dining with Emeril....though I must admit there wasn't a single bad sounding option on the dessert menu.  The bread pudding at Table 10 was exemplary consisting of a wonderfully tender Strawberry Brioche Bread Pudding, firm in texture and served hot with Toasted Almond Ice Cream on top.  From the crunchy almonds to the tart berries to the smooth icecream this dish was fantastic and the second best of the 5 Emeril options I've experienced.  Small in portion, yet just right for lunch, I would put it in my top 6 all time behind Gramercy Tavern, the two Bouchon Options, Dessert Truck, and Emeril's in Orlando.  My buddy, a fiend for all things chocolate opted for the Almost Flourless Bourbon Chocolate Cake with Tart Cherry Compote and Brown Sugar Crème Fraiche which he noted was very good, though not as good as the chocolate cake at Emeril's New Orleans Fish House.

All told, I'd rank Table 10 as my favorite lunch in Vegas (compared to Delmonico, Mesa Grill, Burger Bar, Sensi, and numerous buffets.)  Great quality, decent service, and a decent setting.  Looking at the menu I'd probably not return for dinner since the best items are also available at lunch, but if I lived close to Vegas I'd certainly not turn down an invite for lunch or dinner.  Best Emeril's in Vegas and second best Emeril's overall.
Eh, so honestly this is between a 3 and a 4, but I decided to round up because it's friday and I'm in a nice mood. To preface this, I was there for a work dinner so while I did look at prices, I wasn't price sensitive.

Drinks: freaking awesome. Interesting ingredients, well prepared, pretty, etc. At $15 a pop they better be!
Rolls: I don't get all the hype here.. I'm a carb addict and these were just ok to me. I'd rate the ones at Cut much better.
Appetizers: Calamari was very tasty. Pork rolls were just kinda eh, and crab cake (on special) was nothing great. I also got the sashimi trio and this was my fav dish of the night. Tuna, Hamachi, and Salmon all marinated and cubed with different little textured breads in them. YUM, I was quite impressed. A decent portion... for an appetizer ($13) I think  2 could share it comfortably. 
Entree: I had the much raved about salmon.. while it was good, I wasn't thinking OMG this is the best salmon ever. Everyone seemed happy with their entrees, but no one was raving about them. 
Dessert: those donut ball thingys are off the hook. If anyone loved them, I recommend you also try the beignets at Bouchon.. nearly as good, and bigger sized!

Service was excellent, and atmosphere was nice. I LOVED the open kitchen.. for some reason I find those fun and interesting to stare at. I think the service/open kitchen is why I'm giving it the half star roundup !
Table of 9 went to Table 10 over the weekend to try Emeril's new restaurant housed at the Palazzo in Vegas. We went to dinner at 7:00pm on a saturday evening and the restaurant was probably 35-40% full.

Decor: Interior decor was nice,  had a modern steakhouse feel to it with an illuminated bar.  Our table was actually outside on the indoor "terrace" meaning we got a chance to people watch people walking through the casino.  Although the tables inside were made of wood, our table outside was made of copper and I could smell copper throughout our whole dinner experience so that did put a damper on the dining experience (I would recommend a seat inside the restaurant).

Food: The food is upscale big easy Louisiana inspired seafood. We had a sampling of pretty much the entire menu: creole mahi mahi, seafood jambalaya, halibut, lobster pot pie, calamari, lobster mac & cheese, and crab beignets.  The food was o.k., nothing to rave about on the car ride back to Los Angeles that's for sure and I love Cajon/Creole food. The lobster mac & cheese sounded so good (I'm a huge fan of cheese) but it was actually a little too cheesy and salty.  The two pretty decent dishes were the seafood jambalaya and the lobster pot pie which was pretty creative but at $38 an entree, it should be creative!

This was our first Emeril dining experience, too bad it wasn't "BAM".
We visited here shortly after it opened, the place was near-empty, and I figured out why.  The food here was just OK, and quite overpriced.  Given the huge choice of fancy restaurants in Vegas, and the presence of an in-n-out burger, I see no reason to eat here.  Portions weren't huge, and my pasta jambalaya was bland and generally lacking in meat.  I assume it's gotten better since it opened, but the impression I got on my trip won't get me in the door again.
The comment from the concierge that "the restaurant that you probably could have gotten reservations to is just down the promenade and near the stairs" pretty much sums up the restaurant.

The decor is nice, the food good and the service solid.  Nothing too impressive.  My surf and turf was too salty and the appetizers that we got, the lobster macaroni & cheese and calamari, were decent.  

Overall, it's a solid place to grab a bite to eat, but with all of the other restaurant options in Las Vegas, this is probably one to skip unless you have a large party and need a place at the last minute.
People, let's be fair with our reviews of Table 10.  I could have avoided this restaurant and hopefully would have countless others.  

Table 10 gets two stars only thanks to very good service and would receive one star merely on food.  We spent about $100 per head and would have preferred that we had just eaten sushi next door.  

The disappointments, in order, were were dry, old biscuits that should have been thrown out; a wedge salad that was swimming in watery dressing; sterile gumbo that Emeril's mother would smack him for serving; blackened mahi mahi that had very little flavor served over bland, soggy polenta; and finally cinnamon-sugar doughnuts (Malassadas) that were unfortunately recommended and had less taste and appeal than two-day old Dunkin Doughnut holes (ok, they may actually have been that old). 

There were only two bright spots from the food, the fried calamari had a light but flavorful batter and a soft texture and the lobster pot pie was fully of generous claw meat and crispy vegetables (the only crispy ones that were served).  My other compliment goes to the well trained staff who were friendly, attentive, and helpful.  If the dishes they recommended were this bad, I can only imagine what we missed.  

What is to be done with Table 10?  I hope close it down and send more business to the well-run establishments like Delmonicos and Fish House in Las Vegas.  I love NOLA (the hickory roasted duck may be the best in the country, better than Gary Danko here in SF) and Emeril's in New Orleans and know that there is a something there I can, or could, trust for well-seasoned, exciting, and fresh food with signature BAM! 

In one word: Avoid
For the price we paid...the food was not worth it. Our group of 4 ordered 3 different main dishes (the salmon, the tuna and the lobster pot pie), a common appetizer (calamari) and individual starters. Before I move on, I need to say that the service was great - my main crib is about the food. Calamari was decent, but you could get better at any local seafood place. I ordered the gumbo to start with and I must say that I was really disappointed. After watching Emeril's show - I expected his recipes to be a lot better. The gumbo was gritty by design, mushy and didnt really give you the fresh seafood taste. After eating this in a couple of joints in New Orleans, I can say that this definately wasn't up to the mark. We all tasted each other's food and I have to say that the lobster pot pie was the pick of the lot followed by the salmon. For God's sake don't get the Tuna.
Went here with another couple for a special vacation we all took. We actually got a reservation that same night.
We all loved it. We had calamari to start which was great. I had lobster mac & cheese and a lobster tail dish. The lobster tail, was a little tough, but it was good. The place was pretty empty for a Thursday. The service was great. The men had a jambalaya dish and they were loving it. Our other friend had a lobster pot pie, which I heard was very filling but she loved it too.
I would definitely return here while in Vegas.
Table 10 is right next to Sushi Samba in the Palazzo.. It has a relaxing ambiance of dark colors and glass I really liked the look of this place.. The service was very good the warm fresh cooked bread is so warm and soft...  I had the Mahi Mahi sandwich on fresh cooked bread it was warm and moist and melted in your mouth very good for a nice light lunch..  Not as much flavors as other Emeril spots,  Food I would rate a 3 but Service and Ambiance bump it up to a 4 star rating....
Table 10. Hmm.... Three yelp stars. I expected more from the guy who's face is on the hot sauce bottle in my pantry. There were six of us on a sunday evening. We basically had the place to ourselves. The service was impeccable but having worked for years as a server I expect nothing less on a slow night. We started out with wine and appetizers. It's hard to go wrong with wine when my stepdad picks(and is buying for that matter). Calamari and escargot were nothing to write home about. The calamari had a weird texture almost like it wasn't quite done and the aioli was bland. I was even more disappointed with the escargot. Hardly any flavor to it at all. My filet on the other hand was cooked to perfection. Although as long as you don't overcook it filet is good without any help. The smashed potatoes were the best I've ever had. No dessert. Didn't see one that stood out to me which shouldn't be that hard to do. The ambiance was great except for the the way the bar was set up. Every time the bartender set the bar down behind him it was so loud it made me jump. I also loved all the open kitchen and the spice shelves (emeril needs more than a rack apparently) although I thought the Costco size tub of Zatarains seasoning was weird(yes I know he's from New Orleans). One of these things is not like the other.... I would go back but would not be at the top of my list. I just felt a little let down by this famous food network guy.
Came here a month ago while staying at the Palazzo (restaurant is in that hotel). Service was good.  Prices, quality, and quantity of food was not. The crab appetizer tasted ok, but was small and expensive. The lobster pot pie didn't have much lobster in it, and had a lot of here and there vegetable scraps or something like that in it.  Sorry Emeril.
We ended up eating here NYE.  Since we didn't have reservations at any restaurants, I was just hoping to find a place that would seat us.  The hostess told us they were booked, but that we could eat at the bar, which served their regular menu.  I expected the food to be good, after all it is an Emeril Lagasse restaurant, and was not disappointed.  We had the Escargot, a special salad they had that night and the Lobster Pot Pie.   The sauce served with the escargot had great and different flavors, and the bread that comes with it made the dish so yummy altogether.  The Lobster pot pie looks small, but even shared between two people, it was very filling and satisfying.   Our server at the bar was very friendly and helpful.
Not bad but not worth the price.  I had jambalaya, which the server gushed about, but it was made with soggy orzo instead of rice which, being Asian, seems just sacrilegious to me.  My husband had the roast chicken, which was just okay, and he was peeved about having to order asparagus on the side.  Someone else at the table ordered a duck dish that had a nice, round flavor to it.  My cocktail was kind of gross--some monstrosity with big slogs of ginger chunks in it.  I like ginger but I don't like it that much, kids.

The best thing about the meal were the appetizers.  I remember the crispy shrimp toast one which was delicious.  If I had to come here again (not by choice, probably), I would like to just get a bunch of appetizers to share.

This restaurant made me feel ripped off.  One goes to Las Vegas to feel baller, not ripped off.  Oh well.
I thought about this review for a while.  The thing is, I had read about this place in Frommer's and this was a place they highly recommended, due to its reasonable (for Vegas) prices and high quality Emeril fare.  Vegas, as a whole, is incredibly high-priced and if you're not ready to routinely spend about 100 dollars a meal, I wouldn't go.  Unless you buffet it (and even though, that can get pricey).  OK, so I know that's not entirely true, but that's how it felt at least, not wanting to eat food court fare.  Perhaps I'm just spoiled.

In any case, we were excited about Table 10, and we ordered a calamari starter, the pork tenderloin and scallops.  All were delicious, although ultimately I believe it gave me food poisoning.  The pork was so tender, and thinking back on it, probably undercooked.  I did, after all, spend the entire next day reversing my fortune.

It was good food though, and pretty reasonably priced for Vegas.  If I'm going to go all out next time though, I might just head for the Wynn or Bellagio, I kind of wanted to try out the restaurant Picasso.
I was excited to try this place when I went to Vegas. It was difficult to find, for some reason I was under the impression it was in MGM. 

I had ordered the Lobster Mac & Cheese and the Jambalaya. I was surprised to see that the Jambalaya had noodles instead of rice and even though our server raved on about how filing it was, it looked watery. But he was right, it was really filling & really good! The Lobster Mac & Cheese was okay, worth trying. But I wouldnt get it again.

The boyfriend ended up getting the Roast Chicken I believe. With a side that was kind of like rice but tasted like pancit (filipino noodles). The chicken was really juicy and it was really really good. 

For dessert we shared a Creme Brulee I believe. It was good, but it wasnt worth finishing.

The waiter was very friendly, helpful and attentive. I enjoyed my experience here.
I'd give this place 5 stars if it wasn't SO damned overpriced!  I mean...really...overpriced.

The ambiance is a tad dark and romantic on the interior with a pretty cool glass partitioned room filled with wine dividing two dining areas.  I think if I were to eat here again, i'd request a seat inside.  We sat out on the patio...if you can call it that...more of a gated off section in the mall area of the Palazzo.  It was bright, loud, but great for people watching...I give it that!

The service is FANTASTIC...they give you three servers per table and when the food comes out, it ALL comes out...in one swoop.  So no waiting for your honey's plate to come out while yours sits there in front of you cooling off...THAT, I like!

As for the food, have to say, quite impressive but not for the cost.  We started with the escargot which was served up inside what appeared to be fried potato skins with a wine demi-glaze of sorts.  Divine flavor...the perfect blend of sweet and sultry.

Entrees...mom had the sea scallops which, if you like scallops, were pretty good.  They were served up in a bowl in some sort of corn and sweet tomato sauce.  I had the filet with the add-on of lump crab and chive butter and my honey had the lamb atop mashed potatoes. And funny thing, looking at the menu from their site now...NONE of the things we ate are even on there aside of the snails!  What the?  Most of the items I see on their online menu are less expensive than what we ate...

My filet alone (thanks mom for paying for dinner by the way!  whew...) was $38...for JUST the steak!  The crab add-on was another $15!!  And no veggie.  Just the beef and shellfish...$53.  Like I said...OVERPRICED.  Excellent but not worth the cost...The lamb on the menu is listed as $27 but when we had it...$38.  You would think in a recession that they'd LOWER, not RAISE the cost.

For desert...we had a trio of dishes.  I had the blueberry bread pudding with lemon and caramel sauce, mom had the chocolate malted creme brulet, and the honey had these little donut thingies which were essentially balls of white chocolate wrapped up in a donut hole and then deep fried.  Yuuuuuuum.

Overall...lovely meal but I won't be hitting up the place any time soon seeing as i'm unemployed. :(  I'd suggest saving up and splurging here or just taking your business to another establishment where you might get a little more for your $.
A friend of mine set up a chef's table here for me and some of my crazy college friends -- lots of fun.  We ended up with a five course tasting menu of things that are not on the regular menu (other than the malasadas): 

Course 1: Coriander crusted ahi with pineapple salsa, smoked paprika oil, and sweet soy glaze
Course 2: Seared scallop on mango risotto with chimichurri butter sauce
Course 3: Halibut with sake-braised bok choy, shaved fennel, red onion and shiitake mushrooms in spicy ginger broth
Course 4: Filet mignon on lobster mashed potatoes with foie gras and mushroom ragout
Course 5: The famous malasadas, but also carrot cake, flourless chocolate cake, coconut cream pie in tuile with chocolate whipped cream, and a malted creme brulee with malted milk ball chocolate shards

Everyone freaking adored the scallop, and the filet was amazing too.  It was really fun just turning up with absolutely no idea what to expect and having tasty food appear in front of us.  

Best part: we'd been told to expect to pay around $200 apiece, but even with three (out of five) of us doing wine pairings it came out to $110 apiece with tip.  

Chef's table here is not in the kitchen, but it's behind a couple panels of electrochromic glass which they'll switch on for you so you can feel extra special and secret.   The whole experience is definitely a Vegas kind of thing to do!
For the reviewer who said with the presence of in n out, she probably shouldn't have come to table 10 in the first place!  When you're in Vegas, be prepared to fork out a couple extra bucks for good food.

Table 10 is a unique style.  It's supposed to be somewhat of a fine-dining place, hence the location in the Palazzo Hotel in the shoppes, but at the same time it's supposed to be casual dining as well.  

The prices aren't as high as Emril's other fine dining places such as Delmonico's but of course not as low as fast food like in n out. *chuckles*

After my friends went to go see Jersey Boys, we met them up here for dinner around 9:45.  The close at 10 but the gladly welcomed us in.  

First the bread came out and the rolls were warm and soft!  Very yummy!

We started off with the calamari which was pretty good but I've had better.  The parsley lemon aioli was  pretty tasty.  

We also got to sample the tuna tartar since they heard it was my friend's 25th birthday!  That was really good too!

My boyfriend and I shared the duck which was marinated in coca cola for 4 days and after it was prepared and it created a nice glaze that made the skin so crispy!  It was by far the best duck I've had!!  The portion was so much that my boyfriend and I had split that dish and we both didn't finish!

As for sides, we got the baked truffle mac and cheese! Delicious!

The mashed potato!  The best also that I've ever had! So creamy!

The frites - this I can totally pass on!!

The lychee martini supposedly was super good!  The birthday girl got it and her and her boyfriend absolutely loved it!

I would definitely come here again!  The food was great and so was the service!
Dined solo at this low-key sports-bar joint in the Palazzo.  The friendly bartender made up for the hostess' arrogance.  Fair wine selection, but limited menu options - especially if you are vegetarian.  The design is nice and it's fun to be able to watch the chefs preparing your food in what appears to be their very clean kitchen.  I had the burger and 3 bean salad with a nice glass of white wine, everything was tasty - but I wouldn't bother dining here again unless I happened to be hungry and standing outside.
The menu at Table 10 is full of wonderful flavors, I highly recommend the scallops- it was an excellent entré. Emerils style tends to geared towards richer flavors so starting out with a salad is a good idea. The service was stellar and the desert; coconut cream pie was out if this world.
My very first experience at one of Emeril's restaurants, and it was a decent one. Since my sis liked it the last time she visited, she decided it was worth another try. 

I have mixed feelings about this place

This restaurant had spectacular service, i have to admit. For our party of 6, felt like there was an army of servers, ready and awaiting our every need.  They were constantly refilling drinks and water and made sure we always had bread on our plate.  My napkin was folded when i came back from the restroom, which i always seem to use as a good measure of service. 

My favs were the country gumbo with steamed rice and the prime pork tenderloin.

As for the prime certified ribeye, I've definitely have had better.  

Maybe worth another try? we'll see...
So good!!! Although ... I have to admit that I may be partial to Mr. Lagasse ... NOLA in NOLA is FANTASTIC too! Its been some time since I was here last but the Lobster Mac N Cheese and pasta jambalaya is a truly decadent experience! Would do it over and over again ... at least until the button on my pants gives. Mmm ....
Ehh.... it was our last meal in Vegas. Maybe we were Vegas out or just had too much wonderful food to compare it to (Buchon and Batali???) But Emeril just couldn't compare. 

Shared the gumbo and mac cheese - nothing spectacular.  The service was poor.  Not very attentive, water glasse needed re-filling...I am not sure if it was because we were in a large group in the back and they were trying to give us privacy.  Nah - there is no privacy as the back opens to the kitchen and the waitstaff had to pass us. So I guess they just suck.
This was our last meal here in Las Vegas and it was really good.  I know I may not go to too many fine dining restaurants and so maybe my opinion would not count so much.  But I had the scallops which had lima beans and crab meat. We had the calamari which was good and they give you a ton too believe it or not and so crispy. I like the sauce as well. I tried the salmon and it was nice and moist hehehe =)  Anyways it was good. The service was pretty good and food came out at a reasonable time .
We had a 7pm reservation here on a Friday night. We wanted a great dinner before walking over to the Mirage to see the Love show. We have eaten at one other Emeril's restaurant, not in Vegas, so we had high expectationals because of the reputation of his restautrants. 

We started with the scallops appetizer which was delicious! We both love scallops so hoped we would enjoy. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the sauce was wonderful. 

The wine list was pretty good. not the best I have seen, but I had a nice pinot grigio to start and had a pinot noir with dinner...both enjoyable.

We both had steak, filet if I can remember for dinner....cooked once again very well...props to the chef...she did a great job with everyrthing...service was very attentive, although we ate early in the evening so the restaurant wasn't full.

We would definitely go back...located in the beautiful Palazzo Hotel and Casino.
Had reservations for 7 people on Saturday night and they were able to give us a round table. Yay for round tables cuz you can actually talk to everybody in your group. The rolls were tasty and come out hot from the oven. I'm sure a lot of butter was used in them. 

I ordered the striped bass and it was cooked well. The dish was literally the whole fish, minus the head. The skin was taken off the meat, but it was draped back over the fish for presentation. Didn't choke on any bones, another plus. This seems like a healthier choice from the menu, since it's like steamed fish, but who knows how much butter was actually used!

The mushroom side was super buttery as well. 

No BAM! from my meal. It was a nice dinner with good ambiance. The food took forever to come out.
Walked in on a Monday night without reservations. We were seated immediately at our table. Here are some little details I especially enjoyed: 
* tables were spaced out so we were not on top of other patrons
* waiter was completely fine when we just ordered water, no wine 
* waiter made a good recommendation on dessert (malassadas)
* service was quick, friendly, and professional. They even went over all the nuances of the menu with us. 

We had the: 
* truffle mac and cheese (very truffly!) 
* salad with pine nuts, shaved parmesan, and blackberries (that evening's special) 
* Grilled and Seared Mahi Mahi
* Blue Crab Cake (very crabby! no filler) 

All the food was, as expected, delicious. 

The only small downside is that the view from the restaurant is hideous, you are basically looking into the shopping mall. Perhaps good if you like people watching though.
What a disappointment to have Emeril's name on this establishment. For a Friday night in Las Vegas the restaurant was not fully staffed and service was reflective of that. The food was ok at best. Not near the "BAM" Emeril is known for. Similar experience that is found at a chain restaurant.
I had a quick lunch here before some friends were leaving vegas. The food I thought was mediocre. Maybe I had expected more from the name. The chicken salad was ok. I think the best thing was the drinks in which the waiter suggested a lychee martini. Service was good and decor was nice.
Got the special steak and lobster tail. Both very good.

The Iceberg Wedge salad which was good, but the dressing was missing a little something...

Streak was cooked perfectly and very tasty.

Bread was amazing. 

Will definitely be back.
We had a great time, the staff was wonderful.  We had the pan seared scallops for an appetizer,  GF had the Monkfish with pasta, and I had the Creole Seared Mahi Mahi.  Food was great, very tasty and would go back to this place in a heart beat.
We had 5 pm reservations because we had a 7 pm show to make at the Wynn. We let the waitress know and she was really good at keeping us on track and we made our show on time. Also, there were way too many people waiting on us than necessary. That said, I was really worried that the food might be crappy because we were on a rushed schedule. I was wrong! 

Appetizers: We ordered crab cakes and calamari. The calamari was good, but we were wondering where the sauce was till the waitress noticed, and brought it. By then we were ready for our main course and they were about 2 min away. The crab cakes were good, but you have to avoid the cream sauce surrounding it. The sauce just made the crab cake too heavy. 

Main course: Everyone loved their food. It was a table for 11, so we got a little of everything. I'll try to rehash what I can remember. 

When the food came out, I thought they looked a little small, but I didn't even finish my food! I had the Creole Spiced Mahi Mahi. Sooo good. The chorizo was a little too spicy, and I usually have a pretty good tolerance. Another girl at the table ordered the lobster dome, and it was good, but the cream tends to become too much after a while. Scallops were fantastic, no complaints there. The bone-in strip was cooked perfectly. The lemon & herb chicken was really good and the gnocci was delicious with the sweet corn. The duckling was huge, and fantastic. Slightly sweet but played off the marinade. The butternut squash reminded me of sweet potato fries. 

Oh also, we got in just in time for the end of happy hour. Everyone loved the mojitos. Can't taste the rum, and the mint wasn't over powering. Some of us (ok, me) were double fisting. 

We really enjoyed our meal and everyone agreed this was our best meal all weekend.
I had dinner here with 3 other people. Two of us got the mahi mahi -- cooked perfectly, but lacking in flavor. I was expecting the spices to hit me up side the head. BAM! But, unfortunately it fell flat. They should have kicked it up a notch. We also got the prime ribeye -- lots of flavor and tender. The last dish was the scallops. Definitely the best of the night. I was eyeing that dish all night after I had a bite and wished I had gotten that instead of the mahi mahi. The service was great. I think we had a team of people waiting on us. It was an enjoyable experience all around but the food just wasn't spectacular. With all the other places to eat around town I doubt I'll be back.
My hubby really wanted to try Emeril's table 10....I on the other hand am not a huge fan of New Orleans style cooking, but I'm always game to try something fresh.  We were the only ones dining for lunch because we got there right as they opened at 11AM.  He had the po boy and I had rotisserie chicken salad.  My salad was pretty tasty and he really enjoyed his po boy, so all in all it made for a great place to catch lunch before hitting the tables.
Service was fantastic.  So fantastic that when I whined about being "ma'amed" he loudly "missed" me the next time.  Aw.  Thanks server.  Ego stroking is good for your tip.  That sounds filthy, but it's Vegas so I'm leaving it.  
The food was good - the group chowed through the calamari and seemed to really like them.  I personally don't eat the chewy little rings.
My salad was bomb; I always love the salad dressings at Emeril's restaurants and this was no exception.  It was the mixed greens with a roasted tomato vinaigrette.
The table shared the smashed potatoes, garlicky mushrooms and truffled mac n cheese.  I also got a yummy bite of steak from a handsome dining companion and a scallop from the generous Denise F.  Both were phenomenal.  My pork with mashed sweet taters was good, but I think I like mine from Iron Chef Battle Chocolate a bit more; sorry Emeril.  I outbammed you.
My spiced pear and ginger collins rocked the house and the Laetitia pinot went well with both the steak and the pork.
I thought the food was excellent!  The service was very attentive.  We had a 5:30 reservation and we were setted on arrival and our server Mikki was right over to greet us.  She guided us through the menu, very knowledgeable.  We took her advise and started with the calamari, shrimp toast, hushpuppies and the house salad.  Calamari was cooked perfect with great dipping sauces, the hushpuppies with sauce was so good I wanted more and the dressing on the salad should be sold at the store! For our entrees we ordered the scallops with succotash, creole spiced mahi mahi, rotisserie bass and prime pork.  Everything was out of this world!  We will be back to explore more of this delicious menu.
An enjoyable evening with friends and thanks to Faye M for treating us to dinner. The food is excellent especially the truffled mac and cheese. I had the rib eye and it was prepared exactly how I ordered it. From a value perspective dining here comes up short, you are paying for expensive real estate at the Palazzo Casino and for Emeril's name so don't expect
My first thought walking into this restaurant: "Emeril, don't let me down." And he sure didn't. The service was great. Everything was in front of me before I even thought to ask of it. The food was of high quality and very fresh. I had a 3 crab salad, which consisted of fresh crab legs (already split, less work for me), crab salad with capers, and steamed shelled crab. Yum!I We also split the chicken salad as an appetizer, which besides the walnuts, was quite good. Definitely lived up to the name.
Totally underwhelmed and it took 45 minutes to bring out a mediocre po-boy sandwhich and a jumbalaya.  We just sat there twiddling our thumbs eating some bread (which was probably the best part of the meal to be honest). 

We weren't even given any explanation until we were paying our bill.  Apparantly Emeril was in town and was going to drop by the restaurant and everyone was on "pins and needles"...I'd think they'd want to step up their game instead of fall on their ass? 

Waiter seemed to be pretty knowledable, they must have trained him with a script because the way he described the food (great) did not match up to the final result (not so great). 

Started off with Calamari, which was about average. The dipping sauces were non-descript but the banana peppers were a nice touch on the top.  

The carnitas po-boy was very mediocre. The fried pickles were not worth mentioning and the taste was something I could replicated if I got some french bred, put deli cole-slaw in there with some carnitas from baja fresh.  Keep in mind, perhaps I would only use 1/3 of the amount of carnitas from a baja burrito as there was barely any on the sandwich.
H'or d'oeuvres: Beef tartare, mushroom dumpling, shrimp

Course 1: Organic baby greens with charred tomato BBQ vinaigrette, cherry tomatoes, white cheddar cheese and toasted sunflower seeds

Course 2: Barbecued Pork Ravioli served with southern cooked greens and an apple brandy reduction
--Tasted like an Asian fusion dish with a soy-sauce-sugar sauce with the greens.  BBQ pork ravioli was sweet, but I liked it.

Course 3: Seared Mahi Mahi served with homemade chorizo sausage and tortilla hash with corn coulis
--delicious. Creative mixture of flavors that came together to create a good chemistry on my palate.

Course 4: Grilled Prime Ribeye with country mashed potatoes, asparagus and Emeril's homeade worcestershire sauce
--Generous, huge piece of ribeye.  

Course 5: Malted Creme Brulee with chocolate bark
--A little too sweet for me, tasted like chocolate pudding.  

Overall, this Emeril Lagassi restaurant located in the new Palazzo hotel had a lot of creative dishes to share.  Some of his ideas worked really well, and some were just okay (i.e. beef tartare).  I would come back to this restaurant if someone treated me out!
Went here for an event dinner with a set 5 course meal. I was expecting a lot since it is Emeril Lagassi's restaurant.

Overall the food was VERY rich. Dishes you can really enjoy in small quantities. So I was happy to have 5 courses of different flavors. 

Appetizers - Mushroom dumplings were actually really really good. Made out of similar wraps they use at chinese restaurants. Other appetizers included shrimp. All I have to say is I've never seen such a big juicy shrimp! man! delicious!

Course 1 was a "organic" salad - nothing special
Course 2 was a serving of 2 big ravioli's filled with shredded bbq pork. It was SO sweet. The first bite was good, but I really hesitated in finishing the 2nd ravioli. The entire thing was drenched in teriyaki sauce. I did appreciate the chesse among the beef, it had a bitter kick to the sweetness. I could see a lot of people appreciating the saltiness of the beef with the sweetness of the sauce.. but I was not a fan.
Course 3 was Mahi Mahi. It was supposed to be seared, but definately cooked all the way through.  This was my favorite dish of the night. I could tell the work and effort it took to make all the flavors in this dish come together. The fish was on top of a corn puree with tortilla chips. Almost like a gourmet fish/mexican dish! You really had to taste each individual sauce and component to decipher what it was. But when put together, it worked so well! Fish was DELICIOUSLY cooked!
Course 4 - prime rib! Huge portion and i had 2 bites and left the rest of the plate. The meat was on top of mash potatos and asparagus. Most of the prime rib came out medium to rare and made a bunch of us a little queezy. I thought it was delicious, but was too full by this point. 

Dessert - creme brulee. I was expecting.. crunch on top, light cream in the middle. NO. We got the thickest pudding/fudge chocolate... I took one bite and left the rest there also. But I did hear that their desserts are excellent here. 

Overall, the food was all very different. Semething you definately can't find most places - especially the combination of ingredients!  Felt like all the dishes were well thought out and put together. And of course - the service was excellent!
While enjoying the finer Las Vegas dining lairs, my squeeze and I headed to the Palazzo and decided to ""Grab a bite" rather than fuss with the pomp and circumstance and the fancy filigree at the upscale Wynn snooteries. 

With no reservation, we were ready for a dinner on a whim. We decided to pick Emeril Lagasse's latest venture, Table 10, billed as an ode to his humble beginning with a menu that leans towards the comfort food side of cuisine. 

We were seated presently on a Friday night and were immediately wow'ed by the stylish decor and attentive friendly service. But it was the food that upstaged everything. I had the finest grilled shrimp I've ever tasted, and the small filet and mashed potatoes were perfection. My love had pork tenderloin which was just outstanding. The food was rich and perfectly flavored, the kitchen quick but not rushed and the prices fair.. 

Really, it couldn't have been a better surprise. 

TIP: If you're single, they have a table bar at the rear of the restaurant that overlooks the sparkling kitchen. Would be a fun place to see the chef's at work.
Went there for lunch and had the burger.  Service was very slow.  The bread was very good but the rest of the food was nothing special
I had the salt and pepper fish, which wasn't as good as I would have hoped.  The appetizers and side dishes were all very good, including potatoes and spinach.  The dessert was really great, though I was stuffed, I still managed to make room. ;-)
We had lunch here and I was very impressed. The food was excellent! We shared a salad, vegitarian grilled cheese, and a mahi-mahi sandwich. This was not your ordinary grilled cheese-- this was amazing- served panini style stuffed with yummy vegatables- it was SO good! Everything was delicous, and the ambiance and service were good as well.
This is the second Emeril resturant I tried and once again very disppointed. The food wasn't all that great and the prices were very high. I came here with my family of 14 on Sunday to celebrate my niece's birthday. The place wasn't crowded at all but they had to wait until everyone showed up before seating us. 
When I looked at the menu, nothing really stood out to me that I really wanted. Since I had a very late lunch I wasn't all that hungry anyways. I ordered the roasted butternut squash. I tried to request to omit the better, but the waiter told me that it was pre roasted, which means by the time I ate it, it was either microwaved or reheated. However, it was good, but something I could have made at home and save $10.
My husband ordered calamari and it was something he could have got at the Cheesecake Factory for 1/2 the price. The rest of the family order some other dishes (too much to list). My sister didn't enjoy the food at all. Asteria in Burglingame,CA was better. 
So we left very disappointed. In fact, one of my sister and nephew had to order room service a couple of hours later due to hunger.
I will try my best not to go to another Emeril;'s resturant again. Both time I spent a lot of money and left very disappointed.

PROS:
-clean place

CONS:
-service was slow considering the resturant wasn't busy. We kept on having to ask for more water. Our food nearly took an hour to arrive. We almost got up and left.
-food didn't worth the price
-DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT order the truffle mac n cheese. It was disgusting. It tasted like throw-up.
-The cream of spinach was lacking flavor.
The greatest thing about Table 10 is the calamari and the cocktails.  If nothing else, sit at the bar and just enjoy and appetizer and drink.

The service is always outstanding.

I did have the surf and turf, though, and was extremely disappointed.  It just completely lacked flavor.  Not at all what I would expect from Emeril.  We never said anything or complained, but I did write a comment about it on the back of our credit card receipt (after we'd paid, when we were leaving the tip).  Well, when we got the credit card bill later, they actually did not charge us for the surf and turf.  We were pretty impressed and appreciative of that.
We were in town for the CES convention and ate at a number of great and not so great places. This was our first visit to Table 10 and it was a wonderful experience. The wait staff was perfect not distant not hanging around too much. The food from corn chowder soup to scallops to pork tenderloin were all wonderfully seasoned and just plain good. Our 4 person party all had different things and sharing was the order of the day including the Mac and cheese... We had a nice wine and the dinner was just great. I have eaten at NOLA in new Orleans and it has the same feel to it. 
If I had to say one thing bad about the place was how often when making a reservation the Host told me about the dress code smart-casual attire whatever that is. I wore business casual and it seem to fit in ok I didn't feel under dressed.
All in all a great experience.
This is the second of Emeril's restaurants that I've been too and it'll probably be the last.  The food is competently prepared but not particularly creative or very flavorful.  Oh, and stay away from the over priced & under flavored Truffled Mac & Cheese.

On the other hand, the staff was helpful, prompt and pleasant without being overly familiar or hovering.  Truly great service.  That might be because the restaurant was pretty slow...which was odd since it was Super Bowl weekend and Vegas was pretty busy.
Was very underwhelmed with Table 10. After our meal we were wishing we spent the extra coin and gone to Delmonico. 

We had the calamari, which was pretty good. We also had the ribeye and leg of lamb. The lamb was juicy but chewy. The ribeye was supposedly prepared in the same manner as those at Delmonico, but this boneless cut was no match for the real deal. 

Service was good.
Fun and solid lunch by my lonesome at Table 10!  The corn chowder was amazing, I have no idea why I was compelled to order it, but I certainly am glad that I did!  It was VERY good.  The tempura ahi tuna dish was very good.  The corn, shiitake and cabbage chow chow was a touch too vinegary for me, but that's simply a personal preference issue.  The tuna was prepared perfectly and the sauces that accompanied the dish were lovely and really balanced the chow chow for me.

Service was so very friendly and efficient!  Cute decor, well spaced tables and very very accommodating of a solo diner.
I really want to like Emeril's food...I really do like the charismatic S.O.B....but this is my third restaurant of his and again I walked out unimpressed. Went for lunch, ordered the most expensive thing on the menu...lobter thermedor...and I ended up with a $40 dish...for lunch mind you..with hardly any lobster, any flavor, and a very unpleasant doughy substance  that I believe was supposed to be the expected flaky pastry that covers the dish but was just plopped unceremoniously into the flavorless muddle of ingredients. The place was dead too, but most of the places in the casinos that do even open for lunch and are considered higher end are dead...obviously this is one that doesnt seem to care about the few that do show up.
We had tickets to see Jersey Boys on January 26th, and Table 10 was just upstairs from the theater.  We decided to stop in for a bite before the show.

We had several people waiting on us throughout the dinner, and were well taken care of.  We definitely had no complaints on service whatsoever.

My husband ordered the Jambalaya and loved it.  I ordered lemon & herb marinated free range chicken.  The chicken had a wonderfully fresh lemon flavor.  My only complaint was that as I got to the end of my meal, I noticed that part of the chicken was undercooked.  I was full, and didn't really want to eat anymore so I didn't bother to send it back.

I would go back and would recommend this place, but I would definitely not order chicken again.
$$$ My girlfriend treated me to dinner not to long ago and it was exceptional. The service was top notch, best I've had, but thankfully the food was even better. We started with ESCARGO. We didn't regret our PASTA JUMBALYA and the LAMB SHANK it was great.  Especially the shank, cooked perfectly, it was so tender, just falling off the bone. Would highly recommend it. We also had some side orders of LOBSTER TAIL and MACRONI & chesse. Only complaint would be the mac, it was a bit too garlicly for my taste. For both of us actually, it was the only thing we didn't finish. To finish we had the BANANA FOSTER BREAD PUDDING. Doesn't really stick out in my mind, I had to look up the menu to remember what we had, so it was probably alright? OVERALL the experience was great, service and food exceptional and the bill wasn't bad, around $200. We didn't partake in any wine, maybe that's why. Would definetly recommend Table Ten if you like to eat food. Especially good food.
Great food and great service.  We had the corn popover appetzier, with scallop entree and filet of beef entree.  Everthing was prepared perfectly.  The sides and dessert were excellent as well.  A very nice touch from the restaurant was the complimentary tasting of a raw ahi appetizer for each diner when we sat down.  The menu items are a bit pricy, for the the quality and taste of the food, it is worth it.

The service was excellent as well.  Our server was professional, friendly, and very knowledgable of the menu items.  The ambience of the restaurant was excellent as well.  Fancy, but not over the top.  All in all, it was a wonderfil dining experience and highly recommended.
I had dinner with my girlfriend here on Friday, March 26, 2010. We were seated immediately without a reservation.

For drinks I ordered a well-made sazerac cocktail (this wasn't on the cocktail menu but is a New Orleans classic), and she had a glass of sauvignon blanc (don't remember the brand, but she said it was good).

We split the hush puppies for an appetizer. The tomato currant chutney they come with was tasty, though I didn't think it worked particularly well with the hush puppies (she thought it did), which were delicious on their own.

For entrees, she had the pasta jambalaya and I had the pork tenderloin. The pork tenderloin was very tender and paired nicely with the sweet potatoes. The mole and glaze were welcome accompaniments. She liked the jambalaya very much. I had a few bites and agreed.

We typically don't order dessert unless there's something unique, and the wait staff strongly recommended the white chocolate malassadas. These are essentially mini beignets or donut holes filled with white chocolate that you can dip in a fantastic vanilla bean crème anglaise. You must order these. So, we unintentionally began and ended the meal with fried balls of dough.

Overall, the meal was a pretty good value--not cheap of course, but we were prepared for that. The atmosphere is classy but casual enough that it's not stuffy. In other words, all the good of fine dining and none of the bad.
I had a great time.  It was not very crowded, and the staff was very helpful.  The popover appetizers, and the malassala dessert was outstanding.  An excellent addition to the fine restaurants in the Palazzo Resort & Casino.
Casual room. Fine service. Thursday night. Had reservation but really not necesary.  
Grilled Jalapeno & Corn Hush Puppies.  Guess you had to be raised south of the Mason Dixon line to appreciate. Uninteresting.
Escargots & Mushrooms. Not your standard garlic'd but with vermouth and fennel butter.  Mmmm. good.
Emeril's Shrimp Toast. Similarly delish.
Salt & Pepper Striped Bass with skin on.  Full of flavour and done to perfection.  Satisfying .
White Chocolate Malassadas Rolled in Cinamon sugar with Vanilla Bean Anglaise.  Have to give the full description.   So many celeb chefs and not so celeb do the 'gourmet' mini doughnut thing.  Not a dougnut, more like a doughnut hole here .  Mr Bam's blows  all the pretenders away with this confection.   Would just come into Table 10 any time of the day and have 2 orders  of these with a good cuppa joe!

Worth a 2nd visit.
I was pleasantly surprised when I came to Table 10...good food, good portions, great service.  I called in for reservations for 8 and they were able to accomodate very easily.  They had a table prepared and seemed ready for us.  

The pork tenderloin was so juicy!  Melted in your mouth practically...

The calamari appetizer and garlicky mushrooms were good side dishes.  I tried some of my friend's scallops and there were GOOD!  Or should I say succulent?  Is that the right way to describe scallops? :)  I sort of wish I ordered that instead.  The prices were also pretty reasonable for what you get (considering it's one of those chef-named restaurants).
R-I-P-O-F-F

The service was excellent - that's a very major pro.

However, I expect that when I pay about $100 a person.

Better comparables include:

Morton's
Ruth's Chris
Mastro's
Fleming's 

heck - maybe Lone Star.

Seriously - I still can't figure out the theme or the goal of this place - other than it's in a great hotel and pictures of Emeril's food was everywhere.

Pass.
"BAM"!

Emeril...take that BAM back because this place was not all that.  It was decent, but I expected more from you.

We get there around happy  hour and start off with a couple of mojitos and chips & salsa.  The chips & salsa appetizer is HUGE, and for $5...a good deal.  I opt for the pulled pork sandwich (with carnitas) and fried pickles.  Husband gets the burger.  I get the concept of the carnitas in a bbq pulled pork sandwich, but I just wasn't too impressed with it.  The fried pickles on the other hand were phenomenal!  My husbands burger was good, but I wouldn't say it was anything special.  

Service at Table 10 was excellent.  Our server was very attentive, and refills were never an issue.  There's better places to eat in Vegas, but if you're staying at The Palazzo and looking for a spot during happy hour...this place will do.  They have tvs around the bar with various sports playing, and I must add the mojitos we had were really good.
Personally, I've never been that big of an Emeril fan, but the pork tenderloin (medium rare) changed my mind.  It was tender and juicy, and wasn't too strong in flavor.  

The service was great.  You're also able to look into the kitchen as they prepare your meal.  A new form of entertainment while you wait for your food?
AMAZING FOOD!!!

go here! go here! go here!

this was an exceptional dining experience. the  food was exquisitely seasoned. wonderful variety of unique (but not too crazy) dishes.

ahhhhh! what a pleasure!

omgosh can i talk about the ROLLS! AHHH THE BREAD ROLLS! so tasty! we had the scallops with pesto risotto to start and the bruscetta. WOW. wow wow wow. a-ma-zing. we had as main courses the lobster dome, and the ribeye. side of truffle mac n cheese. that steak was MEATTASTIC. ive never had anything like the lobster dome. the dish was like heaven in a bowl. they give you so much lobster you actually get full off the LOBSTER. yeah, the lobster.

the service was really great. attentive and courteous. 
i'll be coming back here everytime i come to vegas. WOOOHOOO!
This is Emerill Lagasse's restaurant so you know its going to be great!  The bartender "mixologist" here is award winning and has been featured in national magazines.  The mojito is out of this world.  UNBELIEVEABLE!    We had the waiter recommend dishes and they were dead on.  We had an outstanding food experience.  The combinations were different but not crazy.  The server will guide you to all the best.  This literally brought my husband to tears. Two exactly.  One for the mojito and one for the marispalla dessert.
Like any Vegas hotel restaurant, Table 10 has enough to offer: a variety of food, attentive service, and fancy decor.

I had the seared mahi mahi and was a little disappointed. The seasonings didn't match very well with the fish, and there were too many other ingredients in the dish. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate all the shrimp, lobster, clams, and sausage in there, but it just becomes chaotic with all the different textures. Also, the "kicked up" garlic bread was just garlic bread.

The others liked their dishes though, and they tasted pretty good (especially the crawfish pasta) and the calamari was exceptional. However, there seemed to be a consensus that the truffle mac n cheese was nothing special. I wish I got the pork tenderloin, cause I'm sure Emeril knows how to make a great pork dish. Oh well, maybe next time.

Would come again to try some of the other dishes since the prices are reasonable for Vegas hotels and the service is great.
Skip it!

The only good thing I have to say about my experience here is that the appetizers were incredible.  The service was quite slow, even though there were more servers than patrons.  There were 5 - 7 staff members chatting at the host station throughout the meal.  Its pretty bad when you have to interrupt their conversation to ask for water and silverware.

For my main course, I ordered a steak medium-rare and the potatoes with bacon.  The potatoes were just plain bad:  flavorless and runny.  
The steak was also a failure.  It was obviously not rested, as my plate was covered in blood as soon as I cut in to it.  The outside was charred and the inside was cold.  The steak had no flavor accept for the ashy taste of the grill marks.

The reason Table 10 gets 2 stars instead of 1 is that they took the steak off my bill (I had 2 bites and sent it back.)  The server asked if he could bring me something else, but my appetite was gone after that meal.

If you want an outstanding meal, go to CraftSteak at the MGM or Sushi Samba at the Palazzo.
We came here for my birthday and we were pretty impressed by both the service and the food.

Service: IMO, the service was perfect.  They were friendly and extremely attentive.  Even if you leave the table just to use the restroom, they will come over and fold your napkins for you.  Sometimes at fancy restaurants, service gets snooty if you dont order wine, etc.  But they were completely respectful of our choices.

Food: They start off with bread rolls.  At first they looked like normal bread rolls and I felt disappointed but then i tried it!  It was warm, sweet, and salty at the same time.  DELISH.  We had 2 orders of calamari (the waitress told us the plates were small but actually it was big!  So 1 order should be enough).  

As for the main dishes:  nice big portions.  Mmm.  3 of us ordered Creole Spiced & Seared Mahi Mahi.  The mahi mahi was perfect and to have all the other seafood accompany the dish... mmm.  1 of my friend ordered the salmon and she loved it.  Another one ordered the Creole Crawfish "Boil" Pasta.  SO MUCH FOOD.  He can eat a lot but with this dish, he looked like he barely touched it.  Another friend ordered the buffalo.  He looked like he enjoyed it (:*

I think you get your bang for your buck at this restaurant.  With the prices you pay and the amount of food you get.. totally worth it.  Definitely a place to try at least once!
Service was great. Unfortunately, the food was not so great. I had veggie sides as the only vegetarian options were risotto or pasta, which were the same options at all of my meeting functions. So I opted for grilled asparagus, sauteed mushrooms and some potatoes. I wish I'd gone for the creamed spinach because the asparagus didn't come with anything in terms of a sauce, or even a lemon wedge. Two of my companions had steak and both said they could do it better at home. The appetizers were fair but not outstanding (bruschetta and the jalapeno hushpuppies). The bread was good but I think the breads at Spago are honestly better. Go somewhere else.
I guess Emeril is too busy sitting on his laurels to realize that this is one of the worse resteraunts in the Palazzo.  The food lacks originality and more importantly flavor.  The bar tender didn't know anything about the wine selection or how to make a manhattan.  Seriously, they should just move this to the food court, right next to Nathan's.
Dined solo at the bar and had a decent experience. The service was excellent - the bartender was very busy covering all of the bar patrons as well as the people at the lounge tables eating dinner, and he still managed to be very attentive and made sure I was taken care of. 

The major disappointment, however, was the food. I had the hush puppies, which were good, but I did not care for the tomato chutney they came with. The corn chowder was delicious, and that was definitely the saving grace of the meal. I ordered a salad from the specials that had mixed greens, tomato, crab, and some kind of cheese. It was not good. The dressing tasted like plain mayonnaise, and the lettuce did not taste fresh. The crab was also poached, which I didn't remember reading in the menu, because I probably would not have ordered it. Luckily the chowder filled me up, because I honestly could not eat more than a handful of bites of this salad. How do you mess up a salad??

The bartender noticed that I did not eat much of my salad, and when I told him I hadn't enjoyed it, he took it off my bill! That was awesome and totally unexpected. 

I spent a good amount of time trying to decide where to eat since I'm only in Vegas for a few days, so I was disappointed that I didn't have the tasty meal I was hoping for. But at least the service was good!
Everytime I dine here I am impressed by the menu choices & sensational service! Don't miss out on the Magnificent Mac & Cheese as well as all of the wonderful meats. Truly a treat!
Great lunch here and the service was wonderful too. I will be going back here on our next trip and try it for dinner. Husband loved his meatball sandwich my salad of the day with scallops was fabulous too..
Stopped in for some appetizers.  Highly recommend the country gumbo or the calimari.
My wife and I went there for our anniversary (reservation through opentable), and it was very pleasing.

First of all I have to give credit to their service, they obviously paid attention to details.  The reception greeted us and said happy anniversary, and so were the two main waiters who served us.  That by itself, is very important.  They also gave us a few bite-size appetizer and lighted a candle on our dessert, it's all those details that made the experience special.

We also enjoyed the food very much.  We ordered the cream corn potato soup, it's very creamy and smooth, but what I liked was that it's not too rich.  Although I would prefer it to have a little bit more salt and maybe stronger bacon taste.

We also got the escargots as appetizer.  Wow, this was REALLY good!  Cooked pretty differently as well, with some kind of white sauce.  The mushroom was very tasty.  The overall dish was just very pronounced and special.  Loved it.  But again, could have used a little bit more salt.

Before I forgot, I also want to mention we loved the bread.  It's very different, a little bit sour, but so warm and so soft, it was heavenly!  If we really have to pick on it, it would be the fact that they serve the bread one by one.  So you will have to keep asking them for more.  

For entree, my wife got the salmon with vegetable.  Because she's pregnant she decided to get the salmon medium well, but they did recommend medium.  It came out a bit dry as expected (no choice), but the sauce was very good.  My wife still enjoyed the dish a lot and said if she got the medium, it would have been perfect.

I got the buffalo with red wine glaze dish together with potato gratin.  They recommended medium or medium-rare and i opted for medium rare.  Thank god I did that.  The meat is so lean, anything more than medium rare I think is too dry already.  Very very different dish, it's not for everyone coz' it has very strong smell (much stronger than lamb), but it was great experience.  The red wine glaze was very good, works very well with the buffalo.  The potato gratin was perfect.

For dessert, we got the chocolate cake with raspberry sorbet, we both loved it.  The sorbet was some of the better ones we have had, not over powering, and together with the sweetness of the chocolate cake, they paired up very well!

The ambiance of the restaurant was very nice, we got seated in a pretty quiet area, but with some open seating, you can have big parties and still work very well.

Overall we enjoyed our anniversary dinner very much, and given how diversified their dishes are, I am not surprised if we will come back soon again!
Food was good. Not great. Service was kind of slow. Expected better from a Celebrity Restaurant in Vegas. Not a bad experience, just ok. If anything go in for the appetizers, those were great!
This place has amazing food, service and drinks!  You really can't go wrong here.  BUT you MUST get the truffle Mac and Cheese...MUST!

It's so good - I can't even eat another style w/o comparing and feeling disappointed.  It's creamy with crunchies on top and....oooh myyy....so worth the calories and carbs.  You're in sin city so might as well go all out!

I def make it a point to come here at least once when I'm in town - never disappointed.  Ask for Mikey - he's the greatest!
The restaurant is beautiful. Dark, sexy, mosaic tables in patterns that matched the backs of the bench lining the walls - and 10 of Emeril's chef jackets on display, and a bar in the middle. I can see how this would be great dining alone, which I enjoy.
The bread was I think the most delicious part of our meal. It was like a brioche with a salt herb crust line across, served warm.
The gumbo was tasty and rich, and they let us split it.
I ordered the scallops as an entree - it was very good. T hated his crawfish boil pasta - which was ok - but underwhelming for what we thought an Emeril dish should taste like. He's a dude and not a foodie and he didn't think much of it. He didn't even eat half of it. The truffle mac and cheese was meh - maybe it was the penne when we expected macaroni - shape matters. If you call it mac - it should be mac. We didn't eat half of that either and didn't take it to go. We skipped dessert.
The service was great.
I would come back again maybe to try the dinner menu which might be more sexy. 3.25
My review is actually for Happy Hour.  I was uncertain whether to dine here based on some reviews I read, so a Trip Advisor patron recommended Happy Hour.  I actually had a great time and good early dinner!  There were a couple of other diners at the bar around 4 pm but not a huge crowd.  

I ordered a glass each of the house cabernet and savignon blanc.  Both were fabulous.  The bartender advised me that both are served during meals for well over double the $5 Happy Hour price.  He also let me sample both wines before pouring my glass (standard procedure here), which was a great surprise.  

For food, I indulged in the cheese plate and bucket of shrimp.  The cheese plate was devine!  The shrimp was delicious, but the cornmeal crust fell off when I dipped it in the cocktail sauce.  

The bartender was attentive and helpful.  He even discussed the menu with me and other patrons in case we wanted to come back for lunch or dinner later on our trip.  Very impressive.

I plan to return for Happy Hour and a meal in the future!
In Vegas for a few days and always like to visit the Chef owned places especially Emiril as I am a Louisiana native. Decided to eat in the bar and catch the end of the Saturday game. Waiter/bartender (Hayden, a NoLa native) was very good and attentive. Crab cake was so and oddly lower priced for a Vegas appetizer. Country gumbo was dark and rich and full of chicken and sausage and even okra. My Mahi Mahi with lobster, shrimp and clams was way amazing and my partner's pork tender was well prepared although I thought it lacked a zing. Overall very enjoyable and as others have mentioned, slightly less than many other establishments. Would definitely go again!
Great place for lunch alone, which I usually have when I'm in town on business a couple times a month. I usually have a glass of very reasonably priced white wine, the scallop special (whatever it may be) and gumbo, but I've tried many things on the menu.

I think this place has the best scallops ever, and I'm not even a big scallop fan. They're perfectly cooked and always amazing. The bread is to die for, and I really like the mosaic tables and the overall sultry vibe of the place. 

Service is great and the crowd is diverse. I tried the lobster dome thing, but think it is overpriced and overhyped. The pastas are so-so for me as well, but everything else that I've had is great. Try the s'mores dessert!, oh and did I mention the scallops!?
We had a very good lunch experience here. We ordered the Bouillabaisse, truffle mac n cheese, and the Mahi Mahi sandwich. The Bouillabaisse was good but not amazing. I feel like it was a really really small portion. The mahi mahi was good and the plates were cleaned. The truffle mac n cheese were also delicious. 

The best thing about this place is their happy hour. We were lucky enough to be there during that time. Both the bloody mary and the mojito were ahhhmazing. Thanks Mr. Bartender Man. 

Overall a great mellow lunch spot if you're in the hotel.
Wow Table 10! im a fan! After we ate here I believe Emeril Legasi sure is who they say he is for a reason. The service was great and so was the food. 

Table 10 is located by the shops in the Pallazo. At first, I kinda got the impression that it was a high-end restaurant with over-priced food and mediocre food. But after eating here, it definitely did change my mind. The service was good, the food tasted great and we all had a simply great lunch after a night of partying hard.

Their signature "bloody mary" was a little different from the original and a tab bit more on the spicy side, but it worked really well for me. I also noticed that it was dressed with olives stuffed with blue chesse and not celery. Olive stuffed with blue cheese, who thinks that ?! It worked awesome with the cocktail.

For appetizers we tried the Seafood Creole Bouillabaisse and another appetizer which was on a special menu for the day. Both tasted fabulous.
Main entrees: we tried the Grilled Rib-eye steak with lobster scampi, Carnitas Po-boy, Creole Crawfish "boil" Pasta, and i gotta say, it was blown away by the taste and the food quality. The steak has to be one of the best steaks Ive ever tried! It went perfectly with the lobster and the lemony dressing.  The pasta had some jumbo prawns and house made sausage just took Pasta to another level. Carnitas po-boy had a really tasty marination and lil pieces of fried zucinni on the side. YUM!

This place really earned its way into one of my favorite restaurants! Rite on!
Great little place in palazzo. The service was 5 stars. I ordered the crawfish pasta which was ok. But the truffle Mac and cheese was amazing. I can't eat a normal Mac n cheese anymore. Thx emeryl :D
BAM--Emeril kicks it up another notch!  A hidden gem in the Palazzo-Las Vegas.  Being in the shops it is a little hidden from the convention center business crowd.  This was my second visit here, and I continue to love this place.  Being a soup person, I love the country gumbo with steamed rice.  I had some great starters: jalapeno & corn hush puppies, adobe rubbed baby back ribs, and the truffle mac n cheese.  My entree was a wonderful dish: Seared Maine Scallops, jumbo lump crab, lima bean and tomato succotash, creole tomato glaze, and parmesan cheese.  I added a deshelled Maine lobster tail and some grilled baja shrimp to make a meal of Homeric proportions.  It was truly worthy of the name Emeril Lagasse.  For dessert I had one of my favorites: Emeril's: White chocolate malassadas rolled in cinnamon sugar with vanilla creme Anglase.  It is perhaps my favorite light dessert, unlike Emeril's banana creme pie at Emeril's fish house.  Table Ten is truly a hidden gem in the same Palazzo casino as his more heralded Delmonico, and Lagasse Stadium restaurants.  The next time I am in New Orleans I must pay homage to Table #10 in Emeril's original restaurant.  BAM!!!
What a huge disappointment. I could have had a better meal at the bistro around the corner. The pork tenderloin dish was a big mess -- literally: The dish was a pile of flavorless mashed sweet potatoes with some cold meat on top. It looked as if Mom let 6-year-old Billy make his own plate for the first time. My husband's sea bass was nicely flavored and tender, but we've had better. The rest of the meal wasn't even memorable. The mac and cheese side dish was a huge letdown, but then so was the whole experience.
After a long lay off (wow, real long) I am back... I am gonna try and bust out a few here...     Ok So,  Table 10, what can I say they had me at the dinner rolls.... so delish.  I actually asked for seconds on these...  my first adventure there I had the vegetarian grilled cheese... it was really good and served with a super fresh 3 bean salad.  My second time there I split a meatball sandwich with my friend and then snagged a burger for myself....  my third time there I got the texas farm raised bass, served whole...  This was amazing!  so fresh tasting, and roasted on the rotisserie with lemons on the inside...   great choice...  I love this place and definitely will go back!
Scallops, Truffle mac ... best flavors I've had this year.
This is the second time eating at Table 10.  First the service is first rate.  The wait staff is knowledgeable, friendly, and not always over selling the most expensive items. We shared the fried artichoke hearts, there were plenty for the table of 5 and tasty.  I had the wilted spinach salad which was OK, but the rolls are to die for, so the combination of the two made it work. I had the Gulf Shrimp wrapped in prosciutto was OK, except for the polenta was one of the best I have ever had.  Reasonable wine by the glass, and a great evening was had by all.
This is probably one of the worst restaurant I ever been to for Emeril.
The service was attentive but the food just doesnt match other Emeril's dishes.  We had pasta, which was dry and the sauce wasn't exciting or special.  The Angus beef burger was simply boring,  Very disappointed.
Walking around the strip and the hotels make you hungry! Four of us walked into Table 10, as that was the closest, while walking around the shops in there.
We were seated and asked for water/drinks as soon as we were seated. Ordered the bloody mary which tasted so much better than the one in trump. 
For appetizer we got the seafood creole bouillabaisse- twinkly eyes- so good. For the main course bf and brother ordered the rib-eye steak with lobster scampi- took a bite of and the steak was juicy and tender and the lobster scampi tasted woo hoo!!!
I as usual ordered pasta-the creole crawfish pasta. For some odd reason I like to try different kind of pasta's. I was skeptical about what is going to be in it. When it came out I was delighted to see my dish. It was flavorful with good amount of seafood and the sauce was awesome. 
My friend got the carnitas po-boy! She didn't know that it was going to be pulled pork on a bun. She looked over at our dishes and looked at hers and didn't even try it. Well she made a mistake!!! We had taken her food to go, and when we were hungry after a few hours, we gobbled it, as it was so GOOD!!!
Giving it 4 stars and not 5, because the plate I received was dirty. Asked for another one, I think the waiter wiped the plate and got it, and it still looked dirty!!!
Next time in Vegas, we will be there.
Well I was expecting good food but the service was excellent!!  Our meal was excellent we had the shrimp and steak.  Both were perfectly prepared and really tasty.
I had Emeril's signature Metropolitan and it was AMAZING!!
We ate here for Brunch on Sunday after checking out of our hotel.  It was definitely disappointing for an Emeril restaurant.  I ordered the seared mahi mahi sandwich ($17).  The baked roll wasn't very good as it was very plain and bland.  On top of that, I was disappointed to barely taste pineapple in the pineapple relish.  The fish was okay but also very bland.  It just had way too much bun for the amount of mahi mahi inside.  The cole slaw it came with was very so so as it just tasted like spoon of mayo in your mouth.  I definitely wouldn't come back as there's just too much to eat in Vegas that's better than Table 10.  I think Grand Lux downstairs would be a better option and it's cheaper and tastes better.
Service was very attentive but not overly intrusive. My girl had mixed greens & a filet. I had the gumbo(with rice) & the ribeye with the butter poached crab add-on. On the side, we had Truffle Mac 'n Cheese & Mushrooms. 

First course arrived very timely. Both were delicious. 2nd course, took a lil more time after we had finished and been marked for the main. Entrées and sides were served by a multitude of ppl. Impressive but it was a very slow night. Both steaks were cooked perfectly. My girl was envious of my crab so I shared. The Mac 'N Cheese was wonderful. Mushrooms were great too but were overshadowed by the Mac. 

For dessert, we chose to share the off-menu special Apple Cobbler. Warm and delicious with homemade vanilla ice cream. I was impressed by the coffee bean selection even though I didn't order one. 

Overall a great experience.
Place Table 10 alongside the other top restaurants in Las Vegas (not just Emeril's joints either). 

I see a lot of reviews on lunch and happy hour. This review is strictly regarding dinner. 

Made reservations for 8 and arrived at 7:45, no problem, immediately seated. The bar area was about 40% filled and the dining area was 60% filled. We were immediately met by our server who took our water order and left us to decide on our cocktail order (easy for me-Sapphire martini, up extra dry with a twist!). The only hitch in the drink orders were mine arrived with olives (eww) and my girlfriend's pinot grigo took about 10 minutes to arrive. 

We were given the "chef's compliments" small appetizer and munched on the wonderful bread and butter that was brought out. I could have just had the bread and been happy!

My girlfriend ordered the Creole Spiced & Seared Hawaiian Mahi Mahi
Clams, Baja Shrimp, Chorizo Sausage & Lobster tossed in Piri Piri with Toasted Garlic Bread. In a word-amazing. The layer after layer of different flavors was incredible. Just as incredible was my Slow Roasted Prime Seaboard Farms Pork Tenderloin Fired Roasted Sweet Potatoes, Spiced Pecans and a Tart Cherry Reduction.

We ordered the grilled asparagus and the bacon & blue cheese Yukon potatoes. OMG...enough said there. 

And understand, these are LARGE portions. My girlfriend couldn't finish hers and I left a little on my plate also. We didn't have an appetizer because the desserts looked so good, but we simply didn't have room for any more.  

The prices: Her wine was $14 for a glass. My martinis (I had two) were $15.50 each. The meals were $33 and $34 respectively. So for around $130 we had great drinks, amazing food, outstanding service in a welcoming setting. What more could you ask for, right?
My wife and I decided to have a nice dinner before our Blue Man Group show.  We were going to dine at Sushi Samba, but wanted to check out this place across the way.  We thought the items and menu prices were reasonable and decided to give it a try.  We each ordered the Cactus Rose Martini off the drink menu and when we took our first sips, we were surprised how good this was.  Very fruity, light and refreshing.  Could barely taste the alcohol, but knew it was there because I could feel it a few sips in.   

For our main course, she had the Cordon Blue pasta, which was surprisingly good.  I had the Special, which was a petit filet mignon, small lobster tail, and included mashed potates with a light wine sauce with pieces of chorizo sausage.  Though the filet and lobster was a bit undersized, it still tasted great and I wasn't overly stuffed at the end.  The chorizo sausages in the mashed potatoes was a plus as it added a different change of flavors as I was plowing through the spuds.  Service was exceptional as our waiter was very attentive and the busser was refilling our waters at every chance.  

Would I return:  Yes
Would I recommend to others:  Yes
This place was just ok. I came here with my family and everyone was happy with their food, but it was just overpriced. Now, I know it's vegas, and things are overpriced, but this was a little ridiculous. I got the chicken, and it was just alright, definitely not worth 30$. I wouldn't go here again, especially with some very delicious restaurants an easy walk away.
I was there for lunch and had the Parasiso drink which is awesome. As for the food, well I had a burger but since I have IBS I can't eat bread so I only ate the meat and fries which was delicious.
I'd definitely recommend it for nothing else you must try a Paraiso!
(3.5 stars)

Table 10 is located in The Palazzo and it is one of Emeril Lagasse's Las Vegas restaurants.  The restaurant sits in a little shopping/restaurant area of The Palazzo that is a good distance away from the casino.

The decor is eclectic but not over the top.  It is a dark space with mostly dark browns (hardwood floor, high bar stools, half booths, walls, etc.).  There are splashes of color though as well as prominent but not ghastly decoration.  The overhead light fixtures are modern and alternate in color (blues and yellows).  Lots of design throughout the room with patterns in the bar seat cushions and the backs of the booths.  Also, the table tops are decorated in multi-colored tiles.  Some metal decoration too including a wrought iron spiral staircase at the center of the bar, which I think heads to nowhere.

The complimentary bread was a brioche roll, which was pretty good.  The crust was not much of a crust--kind of like the crust of a normal dinner roll.  There was a pretty good soft and flavorful brioche center that went well with butter.

I started with the Seared Maine Sea Scallops With Crispy Fried Leeks, Lobster Tail And Salsa Provencal.  Las Vegas restaurants tend to be very overpriced, but I felt they actually could have charged more for this dish.  For the price, there was a generous portion of seafood (scallops and lobster).  The quality was great too.  The scallops had a nice caramelized sear with a tender and moist inside (though the scallops were a little gritty).  The lobster was tender and sweet. 

The fried leeks went great with the seafood.  They were very crisp, but they were not oily or greasy.  Good onion flavor.  The sauce was the base of the plate and it consisted of oil, tomato and olives (the olive flavor was very strong).  The sauce had a little bit of spice to it.  The sauce was not bad though not the best flavor and I did not think it complimented the dish (the seafood stood out fine by itself).

My entree was seared tuna on a crispy corn cake over a tomato confit base.  The tuna portion was small (though it was a lunch dish).  The tuna was good.  Nice sear on the outside with a rare center.  The crispy corn cake had a crunchy outside and a sweet corn center.  The tomato confit base was kind of like a warmed up salsa and I was not a big fan of it (the sauce really reminded me of a tomato sauce I had at Xiomara Melrose so maybe this cuisine/style is just not for me).  While the tuna was good and everything was cooked properly, the resulting flavors did not really go together that well.

I think my disappointment with both sauces/flavors had a lot to due with how each dish had a flavor/ingredient that stood out too much--olive for the starter and tomato for the entree (and not necessarily the best flavor/representation of those ingredients).  It could just be a matter of preference.  They did use very good quality seafood ingredients so I could see how these dishes might appeal more to others.

Service was good.  The waiter was soft-spoken, polite and attentive.  Food came out at a good pace.

I have never been to an Emeril Lagasse restaurant before so I do not know how this one stacks up to his other locations.  For lunch, the ingredients they use here are better than some of the other Vegas restaurants serving lunch in the same price range.  There are definitely some positives here and it might be worth trying if you are a fan of Emeril Lagasse (or are curious about his food).

I walked here, but I imagine The Palazzo has complimentary valet and self-parking like other major Las Vegas hotels/casinos.
How many stars I'd give this place depends on a lot on what you order.  The service is great and the bread rolls they give you are out of this world.  

But the dishes can be hit or miss.  Haven't really enjoyed some of their pork dishes even though I love pork.  If you go there for lunch you can get a really good burger.  Anything with couscous has been really tasty.

Might be a little pricey for what you get.  But it's in a convenient location at Palazzo and you'll rarely have a problem getting a table.
I was really excited to go here after seeing the menu, but was so incredibly disappointed! My company took us here, so I didn't have to pay, but had I paid, I'd want my money back. 

We had a prix fixe menu, so part of it is the lack of choice, but even so, if I am at a high end restaraunt, I expect that the chef will take pride in every dish, so nothing should be substandard, and this meal definitely was.

I had the vegetarian menu. Problem 1 was that they didn't give us a veggie first course at all. So there's a dozen people, eating a crab salad course around us, and the vegetarians are just sitting there waiting. Absolutely not ok. How hard is it to make the same salad and just skip the crabmeat. 

The second course for meat eaters were spicy shrimp that people seemed happy with and smelled pretty good. For veggies the course was creamy risotto with vegetables. Great idea in theory, but undercooked (and I do not mean al dente, I really mean undercooked) and oversalted. And I love salt, so that takes effort.

Third course. Vegetarians got pasta. A second starch. Really? We just had risotto. The meat eaters got halibut and gnocchi. I do eat fish, so my boyfriend traded with me and ate my pasta and I had his food. I did enjoy this course. It was also a bit salty, but well cooked and I really liked the veggies mix with it. The gnocchi was just ok.

Next, the main course. Everyone received a steak with mashed potatoes and asparagus. Time went by. An uncomfortable amount of time. Some people were almost done with their steak. Then the vegetarian food came. Surprise! They seemed to be fresh out of ideas because the meal was mashed potatoes and a side of asparagus, and a couple slivers of mushroom. As in, they just skipped the steak, piled on extra potatoes, and called that a main course. That's not a main course. That's a side, and after 2 other starch dishes, not even a creative one. Sigh. I had asparagus. The potatoes were good potatoes, but really not what you want as your main course. How hard would it have been to grill a whole portabello? My friend wasn't crazy about his steak either, and he loves steak.

Last but not least, dessert was cheesecake. It had a a berry sauce. The berry sauce was cook, the cheesecake completely average. You can't really have bad cheesecake, but I expected great cheesecake, not something equal to the stuff you get at Safeway. So I saved the calories instead, since there was a Bouchon Bakery downstairs that was infinitely better, and life is too damn short to eat average dessert.

One positive side - they carry a good selection of top shelf vodka, and my drink was great, which is what pushed my review to 2 stars. The sauvignon blanc was also good.

So the overall point is, I got this meal free, I'm thankful to my work for taking us out, but if I am ever given the choice to go again I will be passing on it.
Loved this place! I had the roasted chicken with Mac n cheese. The BBQ sauce and rub made this dish SOAR! Friend has the pork tenderloin and loved it! They messed up on drink orders and gave us a free drink so wait staff is nothing but exceptional.
Our party of 10 dined at Table 10 at the Palazzo Hotel this past Saturday night.

First of all, the food was excellent.  Everyone at the table ordered something different, and we all got to sample each other's dishes.  Fish entrees were cooked perfectly, not dry at all, even including the lean halibut.  I ordered the rotisserie-grilled duck and not only was it delicious, the portion was surprisingly big (thigh and leg).  Highly recommended.

Why this restaurant ended up with 2 stars from me, however, was because of the service and other little things.  Let's start with the terrible service.  It started off fine, but unfortunately, after the waitress took our order and brought us our drinks, she disappeared for a solid 20 minutes.  She did come by after that to bring steak knives and take away salad forks and spoons as she "prepared us for the food."

However another 10 minutes passed, and now everyone's wondering where our food was.  One of our diners asked the waitress politely if our food was coming out soon, she told him rudely "it's only been 30 minutes."  Sorry for wondering where our food was.  The restaurant was almost empty.  I think we saw maybe 2 other tables that were seated and waiting for food.

Our food didn't come out for another 10 minutes.  This timeline is by my best estimation.  Let's put it this way.  We were seated at 8pm, and we didn't receive our food until 9:15pm.  

Like I said, the food was delicious, though certainly not worth the wait.

Our drinks went un-refilled.  We had to flag our waitress down to ask for refills.  She also did not bother to come back and check on us.  Our waitress's attitude stunk, to say the least, and ruined the dining experience.  What did we do wrong other than to ask where our food was after 30 minutes by her own admission.  There were no apologies, no "thank you for waiting", nothing.

Another criticism is the bread.  We were handed out dinner rolls that looked out of place at a higher-end restaurant.  Dinner rolls?  Really?  And they didn't look/taste like they were freshly baked.  They looked like supermarket-bought rolls.  Very disappointing.

It's a shame that such a great restaurant is ruined by poor service.
Came here for dinner and was happily seated outside (though I wish I got a chance to see the inside of the restaurant).  I actually don't remember much about the service because I was quite busy talking to my friend, but I know I never needed to wave them down about anything.   We got a seafood bouillabaisse and the roasted chicken with bbq sauce and mac and cheese and it was very good!  The chicken just melted and the sauce was just the right and didn't overpower the dish.  It went really well with the mac and cheese.  I also really like their bread rolls as well.  Nommmmm.
My husband and I went to Table 10 for dinner before a 9:30 pm show at the Wynn.  Table 10 had decent food and good service, so all around it was A-OK.  I didn't find the food (ribs and catch of the day) nor the ambiance memorable, which is why it's 3 stars and not more.  Unlike other reviewers, I actually thought the service here was very good.

This restaurant is located inside the Palazzo and it felt too much like dining in mall instead of a classy restaurant.  While many will say "well that's vegas," I'm generally put off by such high prices given the experience.
3-4 stars

Reason for going: 
V-day dinner with the hubby... we usually don't go out on V-day because of the crowds but because it was a Monday... we figured it wouldn't be all that crowded... and we were right... it wasn't all that busy at 6:45pm.  This was our first visit to Table 10.

Location: 
One of Emeril's restaurants... this one is upstairs in the shopping area of The Palazzo next to Sushi Samba.

Ambiance: 3.5 stars better than 'OK' but not super great
Dark woods, low lighting, modern, but not kitchy. What I thought was a bit odd... not that their patrons look up much and stare at the ceiling... was that the ceiling was a wire/mesh where you could see through it to the pipes and ducts and stuff that run through the ceiling.  I thought it seemed a little too industrial in that respect.  But it did not detract from the meal or enjoying an evening out.

Bar Area: 4 stars for looking nice
Circular with tall, high-backed stools.  Looked like a cool place to hang out.  There were a few TVs so if you were in the mood to watch a game and chill.

Wine Menu: 4 stars for selection
Extensive.... Good selection of California, French and some Australian and South American wines.  Some are quite expensive and others are not so bad.  Figure 2x to 3x retail.
We enjoyed the Nickel and Nickel Truchard Vineyard Carneros Chardonnay.

Service: 4 stars
Attentive and nice, but nothing special.  They refilled our water and wine glasses without us asking.  

Bread: 3 stars
They serve each person one warm roll.... (not a basket)... so that was good so that you don't fill up on bread.  (I think you can ask for more... I did not.)  The roll was pretty good... but I would have preferred it a bit crustier on the outside... with the inside nice and soft just like it was.

Appetizer: 3 stars
Artichoke - crispy/fried... good ... not super spectacular but it was a nice appetizer to start off ... portion was good for 2 people.

Salad: 4 stars
I ordered the Spinach salad which came with goat cheese, roasted head of garlic, marinated red onion slices and a crostini.  I thought this was Excellent.  The spinach was super fresh and green... not wilted or brown.  The dressing was light and not too much.  The roasted garlic was messy to deal with because you had to pick the cloves out of the head... but I managed.  The red onion slices were on the sweet and tasty (and I don't like onions and normally don't even eat them).
The husband ordered the caprese salad which was presented very nicely.  I didn't try it but he said it was very good.

Main Entrée: 3 stars
I ordered the Diver Sea Scallops.  The description said it was served with a chimichurri sauce and that's why I ordered it.  Honestly... it was all butter..I didn't taste any chimichurri.  If you like butter... you'll love this dish.  To me, it was dripping in butter and everything tasted like butter.  I thought the scallops were well prepared and were moist and tender...not gritty at all like they sometimes can be.

The husband ordered the Fish of the Day - Salmon.  It was supposed to be served Med Rare... it came out more Med-Med Well.  I got a taste.... It was good but not something we'd order again.

Dessert: 2 stars
Bananas Foster - big disappointment.  
The server recommended this item saying it was the best thing on the menu... if that was the best... YIKES! Not only did they NOT do this table side .... The bananas weren't carmelized like I expected them to be.  And the rum sauce they poured over the bananas and ice cream was straight rum and sugar... way too sweet and overpowering. I personally like the BF at Ruth's Chris much better.... They do it table side and it's AWESOME there.

Overall:
I'll probably go back to have a drink and hang at the bar if I'm in the area... not sure that I'd go back for dinner again. Too many places in town to try.
Creole cooking is not familiar to me and I found Lagasse's Table 10 to be the perfect introduction. The flavors were robust but not overwhelming. I had the Mahi Mahi, and as other Yelpers agree, it was definitely a home run. I was also able to try the Pork Loin, which was executed nicely.

Tip: Many reviewers are noting that the entree portions are huge. I can't say I agree. While they are definitely not small, they're not the "southern cooking portion" I congured in my mind when I read that. My little stomach might have been able to enjoy a shared appetizer or dessert...and I did - my first go at a Banana Cream Pie was a nice finish to this tasty meal.
I believe something good happens to places when a famous chef takes over, because then their reputation is on the line and so in turn the quality is excellent. And at Table 10 it is excellent in every sense. The service obviously is very friendly and professional. Very nice bar and great selection of drinks. The food is great of course and even more surprising to me were how amazing and creative the appetizers were. I got some varieties of cold crab on a small dish, with a great aioli sauce. But the presentation was amazing, I wanted to take a picture. The fillet steaks we got were cooked to perfection and beautifully prepared in a large, clean, kinda open aired kitchen where you can watch the chefs do their magic. Definitely worth a try if your in Vegas.
Somewhere between three and four stars on this one. I came here as part of a bachelor party celebration, so there were eight of us. We wanted somewhere nice but not exorbitant, and this place seemed like a good fit.

I think all of us enjoyed our food, but none of us were blown away. I had the chicken, which was well-seasoned but a tiny bit on the dry side. Also ordered were the seafood stew (not as spicy as advertised), the salmon special, and the main pork entree (something stuffed with something else, if I remember correctly). We had a vegan in the group and the kitchen did their best to accommodate him with some fresh vegetable sides. The portions were all appropriate but not cartoonish--just the right amount, I'd say. We also all ordered salads. I ordered the spinach and goat cheese salad, which was very tasty. I especially loved the crostini that came with it--I wanted about 10 more of those. I also tried a bite of the beet salad, which was good.

The wine selection is excellent, and the wines by the glass are reasonable (10-14 or so). I had a delightful sauvignon blanc--really one of the better glasses of wine I've had in a restaurant.  I think everyone at our table had either wine or beer (they have an OK beer selection, but nothing fancy, and only bottles).

No desserts, so I can't comment on that.

The ambience is lovely, though I was surprised that there was no music playing. Eerily quiet. It also wasn't particularly crowded, and we were there on a Saturday between about 6 and 8.

The service was inconsistent--fast in the beginning, then slow before the entrees, and then slow again to pick up the check. 

The whole thing came to something like $450 including tax and tip, which I viewed as pretty good for Vegas. Still, I'd try another place before I'd go back.
We had the most terrible meal and service at Table 10 this past weekend.  We wanted to take my parents somewhere nice for their 36th wedding anniversary.  We should have known we were in trouble when there were only 5 other tables of guests at 7:30 PM.  We were quite sad to learn the the wonderful creole menu that we had been attracted to had been completely changed that day, however we were not notified of this change when they confirmed our reservations.

Our server was completely unprofessional.  When we had questions about the new menu, we were repeated told that he was "not sure" as the menu was new.  We were all confused why he could not pass our questions on to the chef, but he did not.

The final straw for me was when I asked about the type of nuts in the dessert special, as I am allergic to SOME nuts, and he indicated to me that the chef was too busy to answer any questions about the kind of nuts in the dessert and I should just not order it.  Oh, really...thanks.

At the end of the meal we spoke to the manager, who was also totally unprofessional, and he just gave us excuses about why our service was poor and then gave us examples about accommodations that were made for others with food allergies - which made me feel terrible, since that 
same courtesy was not extend to me.

I will not be returning, and I suggest that you skip this Emeril restaurant, as there are none of Emeril's flavors left on the  menu except for some mediocre gumbo.
Had an impromptu meal here trying to sober a friend up. We stumbled over to Table 10 when I got off from work as food became a necessity. Made it to the bar safe and sound. Tony, the manager, walked up and was gracious and understanding of the situation...he gaves us menus and told us what he liked the best. I wasn't that hungry so I opted for a heirloom tomato and buffalo mozzarella salad...my friend got a bone-in Ribeye, truffle mac n' cheese...and also bananas foster for dessert. The service was lovely at the bar (thank you Mario, Bobby and Tony). They were quick light lightning when we had to have our stuff boxed up due to my friend was about to pass out. Overall....will return for a meal my friend will remember.
The food was just OK. The best thing we had was an appetizer of proscuitto wrapped around yummy breadsticks.  Really what sort of put us off was the service.  Our server forgot to put in one of our appetizers so we never got it.  The drinks took FOREVER to arri ve and our server mumbled something about the bartender being slow.  Overall, I would not return and would not recommend.  There are lots of better places in Vegas.
Had a bleu cheese burger. It was at least one inch thick and very juicy, but I was disappointed that they don't offer the option of a wheat bun. Good fries. Price was decent, considering it's in the Palazzo where most other restaurants cost a fortune.
Our good friend's brother recently took over as Chef de Cuisine at Table Ten, so while we were in Vegas for a quick weekend of hiking (yep, you heard me right - we're not so much into the casino thing) we thought it might be fun to stop by this restaurant to introduce ourselves to him.

He (Sean) was previously Chef de Cuisine at Delmonico, another Vegas standout. So, I fully understand that my review may be a bit biased, since we received excellent service and a few creations directly from Sean - he's trying some new things out on the menu, which is a clear indicator to me that Table Ten is supportive of good-intentioned progress. A great sign for any restaurant, indeed. Sean spoke with us and explained his commitment to local, organic food sources - and how he's incorporating some of these items into the new menu.

We started out with an incredible array of appetizers - the knockout being a gumbo-style dish. The flavors were completely punch-you-in-the-face delicious and the shrimp was prepared perfectly. 

We also tried the pork dumplings (my husband's fave, he's never met a potsticker he didn't like), which were wonderful.

Organic Kentor Farm Spinach Salad - AMAZING. Perfect combination of flavors, Sean! I could've had this as a meal.

I know we had a couple other things, too - all of which were delectable. But of course, Sean treated us to my favorite dessert of all time (how did he know?!) - Bananas Foster.

AY CHEE WAH-WAH!

It was truly one of the best desserts I've ever had. The combination of warm bananas, ice-cold vanilla ice cream, and caramelized sauce is out-of-control luscious. It was elegant in its simplicity. YUM. 

I'd highly recommend this place - Sean is doing some great things here, and it will be great to see the changes he implements take hold. I'm sure there's a bit of an adjustment period taking place at Table Ten, but if our meal was any indication, everything is headed in a great direction.

One of our best dining experiences in Vegas.
So, I gotta start off by saying that I wasn't paying for the meal. If I had been paying for it, I might not have been so happy. I had the lamb, blue. It was pretty darn good. I wasn't a big fan of what came on the side, but that was OK!

The chunks of lamb were pretty huge. Almost seemed as if they had cut off the ribs for a couple of the pieces, but I can't tell you for sure that's what happened.

I had a nice glass of wine too...though I'll say that a Haute Medoc (what I wanted) is not the same as a Haut Sedec (I think that's how it was spelt). I enjoyed it with my meal, but it definitely wasn't what I was looking for!!!
So we were going to Las Vegas and so we could eat some higher quality food.  I chose this Emeril restaurant specifically out of his other three restaurants in Vegas because it was the only one that listed Bananas Foster's as a dessert on his menu.  I love his Cajun recipes on Food Network so I figure this should be good.  I also read that this was an offshoot of his original restaurant in New Orleans- which I really want to try, so I came in with high expectations.   

To start, my husband ordered the bone marrow and brioche, and also the braised veal cheeks.  We got three bone marrow bones, but 1/3 was barely filled.  He said the bone marrow was good... but very very rich and he said he couldn't eat a lot of it because it was so heavy.   It was salty, but edible... but funny enough, they gave an additional container of sea salt?  I had the braised veal cheeks with some carrots and mushrooms.  It was good- still salty, but I liked it and probably enjoyed the sauce and mushrooms more than the actual meat.  

For our main entrees, husband ordered the suckling pig and a side of truffle mac and cheese.  I ordered the seasonal monkfish with a tartar sauce and fried vegetables.  The monkfish was just sautéed, but it was so incredibly salty that it was inedible.  Even tried to mellow it out with the tartar sauce, but it was still too salty that it numbed my tounge.  The vegetables were coated in tempura but it was so over fried it just tasted like salty popcorn.  Any taste and nutrients were fried out of the vegetables.  Husband said the pork was good... mildly salty but not anything to write home about.  He had to send back the truffle mac and cheese.  The macaroni was so overcooked it was like mush and grease.  There was no cheese, was flavorless, and it was like the macaroni was just tossed in truffle oil alone.  The breadcrumbs were just sprinkled on at the end, and were not baked.  

Finally, I got my long awaited bananas foster, which I was waiting for.  They brought out a plate with a scoop of ice-cream and 2 fried bananas split lengthwise.  The server poured the sauce on top, tableside.  The sauce was completely separated.  The liquid was as dark as soy sauce and sank to the bottom.  There was a clear liquid sitting on top (presumably straight liquor), at least  1/2 an inch deep.  I took one scoop out of it and it was so incredibly bitter.  The fluid was watery. It was as if the liquid hadn't been flambéed at all.  It should have been a caramel color and it should have thickened slightly because it was combined with sugar.  I guess I could have just eaten the ice cream alone but what was the point?  I wanted bananas and sauce.  To give the waiter some credit, he did waive the items we did not like, but I expected more.  So in summary, I had high expectations of Emeril, but was really disappointed and let down.  Everything was excessively salty.  I guess it's down to the actual chef executing it on the night of, but Emeril really needs to go in there and spend some time QA'ing the dishes that have his name on it.

P.S. I would have given a 2 because the service was alright, but the following days, my husband's stomach was not right and he was sick for days after the excessive amounts of grease from the bone marrow.
I sat at the bar and had the gumbo, beef satay, and spinich salad. The salad came with a whole roasted garlic which I ate all. The goat cheese was fresh, and the spinach too. The dressing did not overpower the salad. Beef satay was cooked perfectly. The gumbo was very tasty and not salty at all. Solid 3.5 stars.
This place is touted as being creole in nature. There is nothing creole aboit it. It is just a steakhouse. The lamb was good, but there wasnt anything about it that really stood out. The veggies on the side were pretty bad unfortunately
My wife and I ate here in July of 2010 & I had forgotten to submit a review until returning to Vegas and being reminded. We were extremely happy with the food and the service, our glasses never had a chance to get below half full (I'm not usually a half full kind of guy) nor did we have to ask for anything because our waitress & the management were right on top of it. My wife and I came from homes where pork was cooked until completely done "in order to kill any parasites"... Boy had we been missing out. The pork marinated in rum and cooked medium rare was like cutting a stick of butter tender, it was by far the best prepared piggy I've had to date! If you are reading my review then STOP & just get a table and enjoy. Have a great time!
Another one of Emeril Lagasse's restaurant that you can't go wrong with!!!The steaks are as good as delmonicos!!!the service is top notch!!!
The chocolate bread pudding and the espresso martini were really, really good. I took it down from 4 to 3 stars because the flat-screen tv/sports bar hybrid concept was weird, and frankly, the amount of Emeril merchandise that bombards you is getting really old.
This place was pretty empty but we were dining on a Sunday night.. We made a reservation on opentable and got there in 15 min ! Since the main entrees were a little pricey, we opted to share some of the appetizers so that we could get a better taste of more dishes... for the 2 of us, we ended up ordering the gumbo, crab salad, margharita pizza, lobster Mac n cheese and BBQ ribs. My favorite was the Mac and cheese cooked to just the best temperature, cheesy heaven more lobster would have been good but overall satisfying! The ribs with pickled corn was also very good! Not too fatty or oily meat fell off the bone easily. Thecrab sale was also very fresh although it wasn't tossed well because some parts were extra salty.  The gumbo was ok had much better elsewhere.. The pizza was the worst, it was jusT WAY too oily, it was drenched in oil and the cheese was just barely melted, not browned. it was so oily i could only take a few bites :( wouldn't get that again .  The service was fine, ambience was great. Ncie and quiet.
Visiting Las Vegas from the Gulf Coast for a convention, my companion and I bee-lined to the first sit down restaurant we could find.  It just happened to be Table 10.  I was slightly disappointed when we were seated and I realized that this was one of Emeril Lagasse's restaurants though - not because I have anything against him or his food, but because I didn't come from the Gulf Coast to Vegas to eat more Gulf Coast fare.  But at least Emeril always puts a unique spin on his dishes.

My friend and I walked in without looking at the menu or the prices, and I for one was a bit put off by how much the food costs - at least $30 per entrée.  I think my friend was too, because we ended up just getting a bunch of appetizers (a more reasonable $8-15 per plate) and sharing tapas style.  

We got the mussels, calamari, bacon, and their special snack of the day, potato chips.  The chips were just kettle chips with Parmesan on them.  The calamari was underwhelming.  The mussels were delicious.  But the hands down best (and surprisingly cheapest) dish was the bacon.  

The bacon was OUT OF THIS WORLD.  It came with a brown sugar dipping sauce.  Perfectly fried, crispy, crunchy, chewy in all the right ways... and for the price you get surprisingly a lot of it.  

It should come as no surprise that one of Emeril Lagasse's restaurants ranks high for fine dining.  Just be aware that you're paying for the brand name just as much as the quality of the food.  While the price may be arguably worth it, when you're in Vegas, there are many more ways to blow your money than on food.
We went to dinner here hoping for creole or Cajun cuisine. However, we were somewhat disappointed. My wife had gumbo which she she said was not anywhere near what she's had in New Orleans. My daughter had scallops which were overbooked. My steak was too salty and chewy. Definitely not worth what you pay for. I certainly won't go back.
I normally don't like to bitch about restaurants, but my visit to Table 10 this Memorial weekend really called for this review.  I hope the chefs in that restaurant (if not Emeril Lagasse himself) would do something about this for their customer's sake. 
I walked in at 7pm on Sat and the place is almost empty (should had taken that as a red flag).  The waitress was nice, but not with an enthusiastic personality you would expect from a celebrity chef's restaurant.  My friends and I pick a few dishes to share.  First disappointment, my friend's lobster bisque soup was lukewarm and watery.  Next the prosciutto pizza (I believe, from the daily special) is quite mediocre and was soaked with oil.  The deal killer, a white fish dish (I forgot what it was, also from the daily special), was completely overcooked as if it sat under a heat lamp for hours.  That dish makes me write this review as I have never seen such poorly executed dish at any restaurant let alone from a big-name restaurant like this.  I surprise the restaurant's kitchen manager even let that dish get out of the kitchen.  To me, if you server a very badly badly overcooked white fish in such restaurant, the kitchen manager might as well go work in a fast food restaurant.  Our last dish, braised veal cheeks, while more flavorful than previous dishes, was so salty that none of us could take a second bite.  
Overall, I was quite pissed off by the fact that Emeril lets this kind of quality control issue happening in his restaurant.
I was in Las Vegas for a company trip (haha, pretty awesome) and decided to go to Palazzo to check out what they had going on since I had not been. After walking about a bit my friends and I got a bit hungry. We decided to consult the Palazzo directory and spotted Emeril's Table 10 restaurant. We just couldn't pass up this opportunity. We got that and were seated immediately, it was a Thursday around 11am, people are probably still passed out from the night before from partying.

Here's what we got:

Spicy Sesame Pork Dumplings: I thought, potsticker or soupy dumplings, but they turn out being Char Siu Bao (BBQ pork bun, baked) looking items. Biting into one was like biting into a slightly denser puff pastry and then you are greeted with the spicy pork filing. The word dumplings and look made me think chinese style, but its more of a fusion between french and chinese styles. A good one worth trying.

New Orleans Fried Shrimp Po-Boy with natural cut fries: If you like shrimp, this one is a must. The shrimp are a good size and are lightly battered and fried to golden. I don't usually talk about fries but they thicker cut fries here must be double fried because they aren't soft like at most places. They are crispy on the outside and smooth and fluffy on the inside, and so good.

Slow Cooked Pork Po-Boy: Nice sweet molasses BBQ sauce in a freshly baked bread, with those great natural fries like above. The pulled pork was good but not stellar, the bread is what set it apart from others.

Emeril's Banana Cream Pie: When the plate arrives, you are greeted by a 4-5 inch towering slice of banana cream pie with chocolate shavings, caramel sauce and whipped cream. The pie is made well, since it does not sag in any direction. I ran my fork into it easily piercing through the whipped cream, chocolate shavings and caramel, but when my fork met the banana cream, it slowed to a crawl as my fork made its way through the velvety cream and breaking up the pieces of banana. The final layer was the graham cracker crust which require me to exert a bit of sharp force and with a crunch, my fork made it through. I places the forkful of pie in my mouth and my senses were immediately bombarded with a rush of banana taste and aroma. The banana cream was velvety and just sweet enough. The mouth feel was off the charts because of the crunchy graham cracker crust, mixed with the banana cream, sweet slices of banana, whipped cream and nuggets of sweetness from the chocolate shaving and and caramel sauce. I was sharing this and I seriously wanted to order another slice because it was that good, but then I remembered I was stuffed and really shouldn't eat anymore.

The major highlight of this meal was definitely the dessert. The Banana Cream Pie here redefined Banana Cream Pies for me. NOT TO BE MISSED, you will be sorry if you do.    

I make a very good banana cream pie, so I always try to taste test banana cream pies where ever I go and nothing ever beats the one I make. But this one! Hats off to Emeril, that man knows his banana cream pie.
gosh, i wish i read these reviews BEFORE i came here for dinner! 

anyway, my friends and i came here for a supppper quick bite. there were only 3 of us girls so we stuck with appetizers and sides (and being poor grad students, we were trying to stay on a budget). luckily, table10 had justtt what we were looking for!

we ordered the mac n cheese with truffle oil, the pesto/sundried tomato pizza, and grilled asparagus. before our dishes came out, they served us individual dinner rolls. I could probably live off of warm bread and butter, so i liked it...but in all truth, there was nothing special about the bread. 

they brought out all the dishes at once and we dug in! everything was great! i highlyy recommend the aspargus - it was perfectly seasoned and crisp. the mac n cheese and pizza were pretty good too! considering we ordered sides/appetizers, the dishes were decently sized. we left the restaurant full and satisfied.
Our last visit to Table 10 was #3 over the past few years and I was happy that nothing had really changed. To be honest, I was actually kind of surprised it was still here.  

We've always come here for happy hour and sat at the bar. Nothing super fancy but it's got kind of a nice vibe since it's never all that busy. On our last visit we shared the candied bacon. Crispy with just the right amount of fat and sweetness. Yum. 

Good happy hour deals. The bartender is friendly without being in your face. Unassuming part of the Palazzo surrounded by stores I can't really afford (but can still dream about...). One day I'll definitely have to get around to actually eating dinner here.
Just have to warn people, don't get the scallops.  You literally end up with 4 scallops, I doubt anyone can fill up on that.  Everything else seemed to be pretty generous portions though.

The only thing to mention is the bacon appetizer.  Its maply, its bacony, its spicy, its perfect.  Normally, bacon is a no brainer, but this bacon is mind blowing.  It will ruin you for all other bacon.  The 4 stars is completely based on this.
Meh...they do make a mean jin n tonic though...cheers to the bald headed bartender
Excellent food and service.  They were not that busy when we were there so we had a lot of attention from the wait staff.

Lobster Mac and Cheese was a definite home run.
Between 3-4 stars. My lobster spaghetti was a 5-star dish but my boyfriend had the rib eye and it was over salted. The guy next to us also had it and said it was perfect so we could have just had the one messed up rib eye... who knows. Also you have to pay for the sides and they are rather pricey... The rib eye came with just a few mushrooms, no potato or anything. Nothing really left of Emeril's famed Cajun food.
The food was alright.  Had a decent frisee salad with a poached egg and bacon.  For my main dish I tried the porchetta, which is off their rotisserie.  I thought it would be like Roli Roti in SF, but I was really disappointed to find the skin wrapping it was an inedible rubbery casing.  The pork was well seasoned, but just tasted like pork.  My date had the truffled macaroni and cheese which tasted like mac and cheese with truffle oil.  The wine selection was pretty good and we polished off a bottle with our dinner.
I will give this 4 stars because the service and the attitude of the servers is usually pretty good. 

I have eaten at this place 3 times each time going for the mac and cheese. This truffled mac and cheese has rivaled some of the best, from NY to LA. I thought the best one I had was at Cafeteria in NY, but this place for some reason tastes better, maybe they use more truffle or perhaps the cheese just tastes better.

Anytime I am craving mac and cheese in vegas, I think of this place. The decor is nice and all of emerils signed chef's outfits are on display. Great job Emeril!
This morning when I found out that there were four Emeril Lagasse restaurants in Las Vegas, I almost had to bathe twice! I always loved watching Emeril on television, and Table 10 was my ticket to actually taste his food. BAM!

First of all, if you have any children two years old or younger that can't sit still, avoid bringing them to Table 10. While the prices, in my opinion, aren't that steep, this is a celebrity restaurant, dude! Would you bring a mentally unstable baboon to a fancy Jewish wedding? Please note : I'm not calling anyone's child (including my own) a mentally unstable baboon, and my child is not going to a fancy Jewish wedding.

The service was great (very attentive and properly mannered staff), the joint was spotless, and the food was borderline bodacious. My party of three went for lunch on a Friday, and we had no wait and a near empty dining room waiting for us. For just under 45 dollars (not including tip) we got a few complimentary bread rolls, a small pizza, pork po' boy with fries, and a Prosciutto Panini with a side salad. The six glasses of tap water I had were exceptional as well. Unlike the water they have on tap in New Orleans. 

I have not done the research, but even though Table 10 bears Emeril's name, I wouldn't doubt if the man himself hasn't even broken wind in his own restaurant. Hell, I'm just guessing, but Emeril Lagasse probably didn't even create the menu. Hey.... LEAVE THE GUY ALONE! HE'S A BUSY MAN CHOWING DOWN LOTS OF TASTY EATS AND SELLING FOOD ACCESSORIES ON TV! 

Even if Emeril had little to do with Table 10, I am proud to say that I ate at one of my favorite celebrity chef's restaurants. With the exception of an odd tasting pizza for an appetizer, Table 10 was a pleasant experience. When I go to Mc Donalds tomorrow (and three times a week for the rest of my life. I'm not proud of that.), I'm going to pretend my Mc Double is a Slow Cooked Pork Po' Boy from Table 10.
Was in Vegas in the Venetian for a convention, went to Table 10 for lunch.  My girlfriend ate 'the best burger ever' there last year, and we wanted to try it.

Two of us ordered the pork po-boy, and agreed it was fantastic.  The third got the burger, and thought it was one of the best he ever had.

I'd recommend this place to anyone.  Everything was top-notch (as you'd expect from the Venetian and Emril).
Flipping amazing. Everything we tried on the menu was absolutely fantastic. The service is great and the atmosphere is relaxing. I highly recommend a visit and reservations.
"Wow" is all I have to say for the mind-blowing shitty experience I had at Table 10 this weekend. I thought that Emeril was supposed to be great. What a huge huge disappointment.

My friend and I had a reservation at 7 and it was dead, so we at least figured the service would be great. Wrong. At times it seemed like our server was actually avoiding us on purpose. She was rude and condescending, especially to her assistant server (who was actually nice).

I started with the poached egg/frisee salad. The dressing was extremely salty, but the egg balanced it out a bit. My friend ordered the famous gumbo which looked and tasted very much like it came out of a Campbell's can.
For my main I had the special of the day, a blue cheese encrusted steak, with grilled shrimp. I asked for my steak to be medium rare and it came out beyond well done. The shrimp were rancid. Yuck!!!! When the floor manager came over to ask how my food was and I told him he didn't even offer to get me something else! Just took my plate away and brought me back a bread plate and a basket of bread. WTF??

I hate to be one of those picky diners but the whole dinner was really a nightmare. And I could not help but notice how many other tables around me (as the restaurant filled up) were sending back their dinners too.

Dessert was probably the best part of the whole meal. My friend had a delicious Frangelico creme brulee, and I had the white chocolate malasadas. Though I was more than surprised when we didn't get at least one of those comped.

Do not waste your time going to this restaurant!!
At the end of last year I visited New Orleans for a long weekend of delicious food and bacchanalia, and came away very impressed with the culture and the cuisine. This past weekend, I went to Las Vegas and after a show was debating where to go for dinner. It was down to Table 10 or the sushi place across the way, and the gf and I decided to go with the Nola flavor (and shorter wait) of an Emril establishment. It was the right choice. 

The atmosphere was nice, very understated in comparison to the casino downstairs or the bright spectacle of some of the other celeb-chef places, and the music was low-key enough so that you could carry on a conversation with your table without yelling. The gf ordered the scallops and I ordered the beef special, and we both split a bottle of wine. The main dishes were good, though I also ordered a side of the truffle mac and cheese which stole the show. While good, we both agreed that we probably would've ordered a few of the more traditional small plates to split and consulted on the bottle of wine before ordering, but those are minor quibbles about what was a very pleasant experience.
I left my new cathouse the Love Ranch Vegas to stay at the palazzo before I flew to nyc to a TV show.  Not wanting to leave The hotel we went Table 10 for a bite. We started with the bacon, applewood with cayenne and brown sugar  and a maple syrup dipping sauce. Simple and amazing 
Next came the mac n cheese with truffle oil I LOVED IT. then we had an order of the sausage & chicken gumbo  We sat at The back bar and talked to the chef as he grilled as luck would have it he is a cathouse fan.  Loved this place! Can't wait to go back, the service was good, loved the decor, and it was priced fairly.
Delicious. Ribeye and lobster mac
Actually lunch prices are very decent. The gumbo was awesome, as were the ribs. I tried my friends plate, he had the ribeye sandwich with portebello mushrooms. Yummy, he wasn't a fan of the homemade Worcesterchire sauce but I really liked it.
I generally don't eat at Emeril's restaurants, but I'll make an exception when they have amazing sangria and a kickass happy hour.

Seriously, the white sangria is reason enough to come.  It's just the right balance of fruit and wine, sweet and dry, and is properly chilled.  Of all the bar eats, the duck fat fries are an obvious standout.  Skip the summer rolls, they were disappointingly soggy and in general lacked flavour.  The BBQ shrimp arrived skewered and head-on.  Despite the mess, they were very tasty with a bit of spice that went great with my second glass of sangria.  As I was closing my tab, my neighbour was delivered an entree of scallops that made me want to sit back down and order sangria number four, but I had to get to an event across the street.
We've at at Delmonico and Emeril's fish house so we had to give this place a try. 

We dropped by during lunch, midweek right after they opened. We were seated right away. 

I have to say the staff here was awesome. The service here is top notch. What you would expect from the high end restaurant in any city. 

we had a shrimp poorboy (I love these things) and it arrived in a perfect amount of time and tasted about as close to what you could get in NO without being there. Just like Emeril describes them on any of his TV shows. 

Skipped dessert because we had a busy day. 

If your an Emeril's fan and/or like New Orleans food you need to swing by and check Table 10 out.
Overall, the experience was good.  The steamed mussels were nicely cooked and had nice flavor.  I also had the porchetta.  This was a whole roasted pig that has the bones removed, then the meat is stuffed back into the skin and put on the rotisserie for several hours.  It is then sliced and served with roasted root veggies.  It was tender and juicy.  The best part was dessert.  I had the banana creme pie.  The filling was thick and just the right sweetness.  Best I have ever had.  

On the down side, I was a bit puzzled the the table next to us were served an amuse, but we weren't.  Also, the guy seated near me also got the porchetta and it was about twice as big as mine.  I had pork envy.  Actually, the portion size I had was enough for me, but the lack of consistency was obvious.  

Overall, the service was fine, but not at the level I have experienced in the Emeril owned restaurants I have frequented in New Orleans.
Mac and cheese with truffle oil is super yummy.  Everything else was tasty but that's mostly b/c it was loaded with fat and salt.

This is a great lunch place but not at all where I would want to go for a good dinner.  I don't have a great reason for this, mostly that it's in the middle of a mall and everything from the chairs to the bar to the bathroom feels like a jazzed up chain type eatery.
It's all about the candied bacon and luscious desserts.
Yum candied bacon! Great service. Emeril does it again!
I love Emeril Lagasse's Table Ten.  This was my second trip and for the second time, I was not disappointed.  The stuffed sea bass was one of the best fish dinners I have ever had.  The waiter told us they cook it on some special rotisserie.  It was cooked perfectly.  Was stuffed with herbs and lemon wedges.  Absolutely amazing.  The fillet was a huge hunk of meat, perfectly cooked.  You could practically cut it with a fork.  The short ribs were fall-off-the-bone finger-lickin' good, and the scallops were delicious.  My friend would have preferred a bit more savory, but I thought it was great, but I like sweets of any kind.  It had a nice combo of garlic and raisins -- sounds crazy but it worked.  For dessert the creme brulee, very tasty.  I will definitely visit  again.  Emeril, it was "bam" good;)
So we tried to get resi for Carnevino but it was booked and we were staying in Palazzo so figured this should be good enough. After all it's an Emeril restaurant.

The ambiance was so so since it was right in the middle of the shops. You could do some people watching. The prices were typical Vegas pricey $30-45 per plate exlcuding tax and tip.

Service was excellent. They even brought some chocolate sorbet for the birthday girls. 

And the food, well it was good, I got the osso bucco with risotto, the special for the night. It was ok but a little too lamby. The rest had steaks and side dishes. All agreed it was just ok. It did the job we felt full and were ready to go out after without going far.
I went there for a birthday dinner this weekend for a friend with my hopes set high.  I had never been there before but the fact it was in the Palazzo and suppose to have a great chef really intrigued me.  My first impression of the menu wasn't the best however especially when I read that they had quail eggs and other random items on the menu which is something I AM NOT INTERESTED IN!  After reviewing the menu over and over I decided to order the tomato and mozzarella salad topped with balsamic vinaigrette.  Let me tell you that IT IS NOT A SALAD!! Simply tomato and mozzarella cheese balls!!  To my disappointment there was not one ounce of green in the so called "salad".  Anyways despite eating tomato with cheese it wasn't bad just not what I in vision (I should of asked the waiter before I ordered it).  

One of my friends ordered the scallops and was very disappointed.  She said that it didn't taste good and it wasn't even cooked right.  She was more disappointed because it was just four scallops which cost her $10 each.  It was so bad she didn't finish them even though she was clearly hungry.  The rest of my friends complained of the food as well which range from steak, bone marrow and pizza.  

The best part of the meal was the butter and one roll they bring out before the meal.  So if you end up going make sure you ask your waiter exactly what your ordering or you will end up with something a bit more disappointing!

Let me tell you a bit about my friends.. We are broke college students and don't really expect much to be impressed but when your paying a lot for dinner your expectations level are higher and they were clearly not met.
BAM!!! haha I love Emeril....

This restaurant is really cool, conceptually. And, if you're a fan of celeb chef restaurants like I am, this is an excellent pick! First we ordered the applewood smoked bacon, baked with cayenne and brown sugar and served with a maple sauce. I couldn't believe we were sitting there with an order of bacon (lol) but it really was sooo good!
 Next, we tried the mac n cheese with truffle oil Amazing... But I could be biased. I love anything truffle heehee. Next, we tried an order of the sausage & chicken gumbo It was good, but not nearly as mind blowing as the first 2 items.... But i could have just been too full  to fully appreciate it at thatoint. I also had a glass of wine, Which was very good, as they have an incredibe selection and a big beautiful wine cellar. Also,  we got to sit at the bar, which faced an open kitchen. It was really cool to be able to watch them cooking everything and the kitchen was spotless. We were able to see that the food got out really fast too, and was never lingering under heat lamps. The chef was a huge fan of our show, so it was nice to meet him too. We will definitely go back here next time we are in Vegas.
Loves it

PS there's a more bar like side and a beautiful, classy dining area too, so it's a great pick for everything from happy hours and nights out to business meetings and big date nights....

Can't comment on pricing because....well, I'm a girl, I don't pay and its rude to look at the bill if you're not going to pay it, so I don't.... But, judging from the menu, it seemed pretty average to me

(average for Vegas, that is)

Do it!!
I'll be honest, I stumbled in here because there was a wait at I Heart Burgers.

Bartenders if you're reading... learn how to make an Arnold Palmer!!  I sent it back twice because of a funky aftertaste... switch-up your lemonade!!  You can thank the Truffle Mac n' Cheese for the 3 stars... otherwise, eh.
Some food was good.  Other food was ok.

I has the Sea-bass which was ok but just plain.   My wife had the scallops and loved them.  

Resturant: 7.5/10
Service: 7.5/10.  (Emerils in MGM is much more polished)
Ambiance: 6.5/10
Cleanliness: 8/10
Restroom: 8/10 (as found 7.5/10)
Food: 7.5/10 (hit or miss.  Many plates are just plain fish/steak, etc.)
Parking:  parking is in the Venetian.  Resturant is in the shopping area.

Summary:Although it was ok, I probably won't return.  There are other better options available.   Emerils in  MGM is much better in all categories.
Table 10 was a suitable restaurant for a business meal with 4 colleagues.  While it was quite good, there was nothing about the meal that screamed outstanding.  For the price of the meal, something should have really jumped out.

As a beginning course, I had a salad with "Salt Roasted Beets."  The salad was arugula, feta cheese, pistachios and the aforementioned beets, with a barely discernible vinaigrette.  While there was nothing wrong with the salad, as I said in the opening, it did not wow me in any way...just a solid preparation of a decent salad.

The entree was a Braised Lamb Shank with Pumpkin Risotto.  The lamb shank was done well, but it could have used a bit more seasoning, as I had to add salt and pepper to bring out the flavors.  The risotto was prepared well, but there was no pumpkin flavor to it.

Service, as expected, was quite good.
Good Jambalaya pasta and the best bread too!  I love good lunch spots in Vegas.  I think this restaurant would do better if it wasn't tucked so far deep in The Palazzo with little visibility.  I ate at the bar and the Bartender was so nice!
The iceberg salad with what was kindly called "buttermilk ranch", actually just "buttermilk" i'm pretty sure....was sub-optimal.  The rolls and bread were good, and the special I got the night I went was freaking amazing.  Overall, it was a semi-quiet place to sit and have a meal, the servers were very polite and excellent, I was never wanting for a drink, and everything ran very smoothly.
My coworker and I wanted something light, not a $45-a-plate sit-down dinner so we went here.  This place was still on the lunch menu so we were happy.

The prosciutto sandwich was horrible.  We both ordered it.  It was vinegar SOAKED... the bread was falling apart, they put the prosciutto (AKA salt cured ham that is NOT cooked) into the panini maker they clearly used... and the entire plate was just a mess.  My salad had brown lettuce and mostly the SEEDS of tomatoes.

I ordered a sangria (white).  I should have known better.  It tasted like water, and had an ugly smooshed cherry on top and a tattered looking orange slice.

Wait staff?  What wait staff?  We waited up front so long for someone (over two minutes) we thought we seated ourselves.  I said I wanted NO water (we were at a small table and I don't like tap water, why waste the space?) and I was promptly delivered a glass.

She came back right after the food arrived and we never saw her again until the, "Shall I bring you a dessert menu?" conversation.

I get having 8 people do 8 different jobs... but one to seat us, one to bring us water we don't want, one to deliver menus, one to take an order, two to bring the food... is ridiculous.  Spend all that money on a better chef and I will wait longer for a refill.

D-, Emeril.  Very disappointed.
I gave another of Emeril's restaurant a try. The only memorable thing about my visit here was the lobster mac-n-cheese. Other than that, I wouldn't return. Some of the food was bland and others were overly salty. I will pass on this place!!!!
This review is for happy hour only!  Sunday afternoon in Vegas, walking around needing a sit-down reprieve, we stumbled upon the happy hour here.  Went to the bar and was promptly ignored for awhile.  Finally when opportunity arrived we each ordered red sangria ($6 each) and an order of fried eggplant and squash with oregano aioli. ($6 also). 

   Despite the most unfriendly waiter on the planet, we enjoyed our experience.  Sangria was refreshing...they take a couple ounces of red wine in a wine glass, then add a pre-soaked mixture that's at the bar to it.  The red is full of orange which I love.  The white one if you want that has a ton of pineapple in it.  
   Our fried appetizer was simple and good.  Fried well.  Oregano aioli was good, but didn't taste like oregano.  (not necessarily a bad thing).
   The only time our waiter smiled was when he handed us the bill.
    I was soooooo excited to finally try Table 10.  During our time there we saw some folks eat great-looking chicken wings.  We also saw the same folks send back a raw looking burger.  (we saw several burgers come out but they weren't on either the regular dinner menu nor the happy hour menu that we looked at).
   Glad to have had even a minimal experience here.  However, it was not enough to entice us to go back and spend lots of money.
The best way to experience the "Emeril" empire.  The food is approachable and packs a flavor punch.  Diverse menu.  And the atmosphere is friendly and inviting; upscale American bistro.

As a grinder, the Venetian poker room is a second home.  That said, there is a limit to the amount of food court food I can take.  Table 10 offers an unpretentious (poker players dress code is jeans, tshirts, and hoody), well priced, delicious dining alternative.

For starters, the roasted bone marrow is outstanding.  Creamy and melt in your mouth delicious.  Perfect on the toasted brioche.  The braised beef cheeks; fork tender, deep flavor throughout and so perfect with the wild mushrooms and fava beans.

Too "Silence of the Lambs"?  For lunch, the rotisserie rib eye sandwich is hard to pass up.  One of the best steak sandwiches anywhere.  Thin slices of delicious rib eye topped with grilled portobello mushrooms, horseradish aioli and fresh peppery arugula.

Finally, the roasted suckling pig porchetta is to die for.  Suckling succulence!  Moist, delicious fattiness surrounded by a garlic sauce that packs huge garlic flavor bringing out the incredible sweetness of the pork.

Service is very good (can be extremely efficient if you let them know you are under a time constraint like a dinner break in a tourney).

Wine list is well chosen.  Prices are fair by Vegas standards.

Recommended.
The spinach salad was to die for. I never had white Truffle bean puree in this appetizer of Olive tapenade. It was delicious. I love the decor,too. I went to Las Vegas with some girlfriends but the highlight of my trip was eating at this place two days in a row!! The wait staff Edward and Pedro were outstanding.
Wow... really sad to say I was extremely disappointed! 

This was totally a spot a went into thinking I would be paying mostly for experience & some for food.. but never knew the food would be as bad as it was.

Went here with my husband & another couple for business purposes. 

To start service was slow & they were dead.. they brought us an order of calamari that noone had ordered..lol.. but we took it & ate it anyways. 

I ordered ribs, my husband ordered NY strip. The others ordered fish. The sides were family style. 2-4 people.. Truffle mac n cheese to die for. YuM

My ribs on the other hand were so dry! And barely consisted of any meat. 

My husbands steak tasted as though it was not fresh & he compared it to hamburger meat..
Nice experience at this restaurant! It was pretty and quite comfortable. The staff was friendly and it overall had a very approachable vibe. The bacon appetizer is delicious, but be prepared because it sure is spicy! The sriracha wings were ok as well to much on. The lobster mac and cheese was a bit runny, but still ok. The lobster pasta was nice as well. If you are a steak lover, the filet mignon is very good! They make a great mojito as well, so wash everything down with that! Yum Emerils!
the lobster spaghetti and all the sides are amazing.
Went here for a dinner before a show.  Told the waiter we were in a hurry.  He said no problem and gave us great service.  Party of 6 - we sat at a round table, better than long table because everyone can talk to each other and see everyone.  This restaurant also had a deal at tix4tonight booths so even though this place was pricy it came out very reasonable!  The food was amazing- everyone must try the truffle mac and cheese!  The portions are large, great place for having family style if you are with close friends.  We ordered the  bone marrow because of the rave reviews here and my boyfriend raved about it.  I tried it for the sake of trying something new, but I wouldn't order it again just because I felt like I was eating a heart attack.  It had a fatty, buttery texture that I was not used to.  I would definitely come back.
Oh, Emeril. 
I don't think this is a love connection.

I went to Delmonico's a few years back and found the service amazing, the food over seasoned, but I fell in love with his banana cream pie.  I wanted to give Emeril another try - but I wasn't prepared to spend Delmonico money again.

So for lunch, we went to Table 10 on a Saturday.  The food was average or below average.  We enjoyed the rolls and butter. For a starter we shared the Gumbo which we both really liked. Mr. R had the Shrimp Po Boy and liked it - nothing too spicy and it was a good sized sandwich with lots of shrimp.  The fries appeared to be the same ones served at Red Robin - which is nice since we like Red Robin fries - but this food wasn't Red Robin prices!  I got a special of Risotto with watercress, lemon, and shrimp (3).  I am not a risotto expert, and I probably do overcook it at home - but the risotto was so undercooked and crunchy. I was biting down on hard little risotto nuggets all during lunch.  Ew.  

The service was disappointing.  We got what we needed and we were served our food, but our server was clearly grouchy and did not smile.  This guy did not like his job, did not like us, and possibly kicks puppies. I felt like we really inconvenienced him by eating lunch in his section.

Blah - just not a good experience and not sure if Emeril and I can overcome this.
Happy hour review!

This is an awesome place to grab a drink and some appetizers!!  I absolutely loved the mojito - it wasn't on the happy hour menu, but it was so good (with yuzu and freshly infused pineapple rum) that I was totally okay with the price.  Best mojito I've ever had, hands down.  I also got a free glass of white sangria for checking in on Yelp, and it was very light and fruity.  Delicious!

We had the duck fat fries (pretty good, but a little limp), oyster shooters (too intense for me), and breadsticks wrapped in proscuitto (my husband loved them).  Service was great, the restaurant itself is nicely decorated and classy, and I would definitely return.
I wanted to treat my parents to a post-holiday meal and after walking around the Palazzo, we settled on Table 10.

The food is decent for the price it is offered at. Plates are about $40-50 a person and sides come out to be around $10-20. We ordered the salt and pepper sea bass, lamb shank with pumpkin risotto, and dry aged rib eye. For a side, we went with the lobster mac and cheese.

There was a mixup in the kitchen, and the manager came to apologize for the long wait. To make up for it, he offered a couple of appetizers to keep our stomachs happy: a dungeness crab salad and grissini wrapped with prosciutto. Both were above my expectations and very delicious. I would order both the next time i'm here.

When our entrees did make the table, we shared a bite of each dish and all agreed that the lamb shank was definitely the favorite. The meat fell off the bone easily like butter and the roasted garlic on the side intensified the flavors. The sea bass and brocolini were delicious as well. Being a steak-fan, there was nothing memorable about the rib-eye. However it was cooked perfectly and there was a nice crispy and butterfly crust. The lobster mac and cheese put a smile on all our faces as we tasted it. It came baked with a baked crust with large pieces of lobster floating in the creamy sauce.

Overall I would come back again. The service is great, the people are friendly and the food was affordable and delicious. Though the food did come out late, the service made up for it with a smile, nice conversation and a couple of free appetizers. Definitely pleased when we left.
Lunch on December 26, 2011.  I had the shrimp po boy.  It was not bad, the portions were fine and there were steak cut fries that went with it.  The price was $16.  I was OK, but nothing to write home about.  I would not go out of my way to come here, but if you are hungry and want to get something on that side of the shopping area, it is ok to try.  You can at least say you tried one of Emeril's places.
I had a dinner date here with a girl friend I haven't seen for a year. There were so many things we needed to catch up. Table 10 came into my mind because It has very trendy atmosphere with no loud music .(so we could have a nice long talk.) We only ordered couple appetizers and deserts because we planned to eat light before heading to nightclub Marquee that night. 

Oysters on shell - love its special cucumber sauce, very light and fresh

Mushroom truffle soup - really tasty and creamy with lots of truffle flavor

Beets arugula salad - very fresh with just right amount of fruity dressing

Beef cheek - it was well braised with balance of sweetness and savory 

Beef tartar - I was quiet disappointed on this one. I felt it was less seasoned

Cheese tasting plate - great pairing with honey and grapes, I love everything on my tasting plate

Overall I had a great time with their food and excellent services.
Not a good experience at Table Ten. My wife and I got seated back in a corner which is fine, but the hostess pulled out the chairs trying to sit us on the side facing the wall. We should've known then to run the other way. Our server had a helper working with her on this evening. We rarely ever saw either of them. Except when they were attending to a larger table next to us. And even then they wouldn't ask how things were. I asked for a recommendation and she said hands down the suckling pig. Was some of the driest flavorless pork I've ever eaten. I'm not a fan of adding salt or pepper to anything, especially when at a restaurant of this caliber. But it was needed just to try and get some flavor out of it. And you would think taking a half eaten plate away would prompt one to ask of the meal was satisfactory. Nothing! Not even when she brought the check did she ask if we enjoyed our meal. If you're in Vegas I suggest you choose one of the other fabulous choices in town.
Very disappointing. $100 bill and poor service, sub par entrees. The place has a great vibe but for what they're charging, I expect better service. Even with 2 servers assigned to our table, we never saw either of them. Suckling pig, although recommended by the waitress was very dry and lacked flavor. Sadly disappointed in this one, Emeril.
Did dinner with a friend at Table 10 last night and overall had an OK (only) experience.

The waitstaff was mostly attentive-but at times disappeared as well.  

One app came out over cooked, and they did return it and bring out a re-fired one quickly and without attitude.

Both of us also had the signature gumbo-and while the flavor profile was right, as Emeril himself would say-it needed to be kicked up a couple of notches.  Overall, it was bland.

The signature banana cream pie was huge and good, the bananas foster was served de-construcred and the flavors never really came together.

Overall-the food and service were OK, but you would expect more from Emeril's place.
Best lamb shank I've ever had!  Great ala carte sides menu, including both lobster mac n cheese and a truffle mac n cheese.  Others at the table had the bone in filet and the lobster spaghetti and loved it.  Service could have been a tab better, the waiter was having a bad night, but the manager took good care of us with a jack daniels cocktail.  I highly recommend this Emeril Lagassi restaurant.
We really enjoyed our dinner at Table 10.  The decor is a little dull but still nice and the service was good.  

I had the suckling pig and must say that it was one of the best things I have had in a while.  My husband had the striped bass special and he liked it very much.
The ambience at this place is nice very business casual. I enjoyed the brioche rolls very much! I know they are similiar to croissants but they were just the perfect bite! 

We had dinner for 4 I only tasted a couple of the items so I will only rate those which I tasted. 

Roasted Beef Marrow Bones - I know that bone marrow is always rich but the one at Table 10 is extremely rich I believe because it comes with toasted brioche which is also buttered I think the combination of both just makes it a tad overwhelming for me. I have had it at other places before such as Charlie Palmer in Costa Mesa and it didn't taste overwhelming like that at all. The sea salt does cut the richness but this dish isn't for everyone that is for sure. Proceed with caution. 

Dungeness Crab Salad - This dish is basically a ramekin of crab meat with some greens on top and vinaigrette surrounding it. They do give you a good amount of crab meat which is always good. It was a tad over salted and I am a sodium monster so if it's salty for me then I have a feeling it is over salted. 

Porchetta - I must say this dish is good. The pork is very tender and the veggies that it comes with are beyond tender I had to look twice and see they were baby carrots! I would definitely recommend this dish. 

Lobster Mac - n- Cheese - must order. very good!

Dessert :

creme brulee - very good really enjoyed the hazelnut crust underneath pleasant surprise.

flourless chocolate cake - was okay.. tasted like a brownie more than anything. I have tasted better. 

There was also an Ice cream cookie selection - it was good but VERY rich and decadent proceed with caution for sure! covered in chocolate syrup! 


overall the service was good and the food was good - it was a decent experience for my first time at an Emeril restaurant.
I read a review online that talked about Lobster Pot Pie, so when i made reservations I had my heart set on it.  I glanced at the menu and was disapointed to see that it wasn't on the menu.  I asked the hostess who said it had not been on the menu for quite some time.  

Just as I was about to see what my back-up dish would be the hostess offered to ask the chef if they would make it for me.  i was thrilled when she said they would be happy to make the exception.  Made my reservation and came back later that night to a wonderful meal!  Service was great, nice atmospher, and the food was to die for.  Polished off with coconut cheese cake.  Yum!  Will go back on my next vegas trip and try other dishes (on the menu this time).
Stopped in for lunch today.  I had the steak sandwich and my wife had the panini, both were just ok.  Service was good, very attentive.  Price a little high for the quality of the food.
very blah food.. The gumbo was decent. the truffle mac and cheese was ok, but lacked salt. I ordered the salmon and specifically told the waiter that I wanted it close to rare, but the salmon that was brought out was well done. I can understand if you cannot cook the salmon rare.. but if u are telling me that you can, you better bring it out rare. my friend had the porchatta - said that it was ok, but felt like spam. overall, very blah food.
I had high hopes for this restaurant but was sadly disappointed. 

The service was so-so, not very attentive to our table of 12 (maybe because gratuity would already be included). The waiter seemed a little annoyed that we asked for more rolls, but the food was taking forever. 

But I can handle bad service as long as the food is good!

Expecting bold and flavorful Cajun/Creole, I was completely underwhelmed. The food was so bland everyone at the table was disappointed. Not only were the prices on the higher end, the portions were small and the flavor was severely lacking.  

I would not recommend nor visit Table 10 again.
Love Yelp! I got a free Sangria, food, conversation and drinks were great as I ended my Vegas trip.
I came here with a co-worker while we were waiting for our group to show up in Vegas. I will have to say that by the time I got there the restaurant was empty. This was at 10 pm. That scares me. Boyyy wassss I wrong, the food was great, atmosphere dark and trendy. I liked it a lot. I ordered the BRAISED BEEF CHEEKS, it included wild mushrooms - fava beans - Wiser Farms carrots.  It was a great combination of meat with vege's. I was not able to try anything else however, I would definitely go back and try something else. ^_^ ENJOY!
Oh Emeril how I wanted to love this restaurant...Then BAM...I honestly thought this place was more Creole inspired, but it was more American tradition. We tried the carrot soup doesn't sound good, but that actually was creamy and good. For my entree ordered the pork dish which was supposedly cooked for hours then served up with some vegis. The pork was very bland and was certainly not the tender dish it was described to be. We split the truffle mac n cheese and that was the best thing I ate along with that bread roll. My friend ordered the chicken dish and the chicken wasn't thoroughly cooked..The rest of the table wanted to order the bananas flambe and their version of "beignets"..The bananas were cooked perfectly and the sauce was pretty rumliscious. The "beignets were okay. Overall, I felt underwhelmed and disappointed and yes..I have experienced better for that price..
Good....I ate there with a group of people and we all thought it was a solid 4 star place.  I had the salmon and it was good.
Service was incredible.  We were a group of seven and all were pleased with the food and service provided.  We would all definitely recommend and return.
Three words: Best. Lamb. Ever.

Went to Table 10 during a tradeshow stint in Sin City. There are a zillion places to choose from, but we love the Venetian and Table 10 seemed to have something for everyone.

I started with a killer Manhattan and the night just kept getting better. 
Classic wedge salad was crisp and clean with all the right textures. The lamb shank with pumpkin risotto literally melted in my mouth. The table agreed I scored the winner that night. The lamb was falling off the bone and beyond delicious, the risotto (which didn't taste especially "pumpkin-y" to me) was cooked perfectly. 

For dessert we all split the coconut cheesecake with macadamia nut crust. The only recommendation I'd have for that is to leave off the sauce - it's a passion-fruit-esque kind of concoction but the cheesecake stands well enough alone.

The menu seemed diverse and our servers were fantastic - definitely recommend if you're in the area.
We visited Table 10 only because we were in the Palazzo, it was lunchtime and it was there. The dining room was empty apart from one other table. The servers were very nice despite the fact that they were not busy. We ordered the lunch special, which was a vegetarian pasta dish and a prosciutto pizza. The food arrived quickly and tasted great. 
Not sure about going to Table 10 for dinner as there was not much on the menu that we fancied, but lunch was fine.
We decided to do a sampler, tapas style dinner and it was great!  And was surprisingly inexpensive. My husband had the gumbo and said it was really good. We split a salad that was super tasty, and we fought over the truffle Mac and cheese. It was a huge portion and one of the best pastas I've ever tasted - ever!  Also got a seasonal pizza with artichoke that was just good, not great.
I love Emeril Lagasse's Table Ten.  This was my third trip and for the third time, I was not disappointed. Beef cheeks, OMG, the best thing ever!  Lobster spaghetti, OMG, the best thing ever!  Everyone in our party enjoyed this place.
Table 10 is cozy and romantic, with trip hop music playing softly in the background. Our waiter Chris was great and explained the menu in depth, helping us make our choices. Celery root soup with port crema was amazing (one of the specials) and my husband's bone-in filet was very tender and delicious. I ordered the striped sea bass and and it was good but too big ( a whole fish) and a bit monotonous in flavor. The cheese plate was mediocre. Overall, our dining experience here was good, I would definitely come back again to try some of the other dishes (scallops, bone marrow, steamed mussels).
My husband and I LOVE FOOD so we figured when we go to Vegas to try Emeril's restaurant.  We made reservations for 5 of us and were seated promptly upon arrival.  The ambiance is dark and sultry.  It was nice to be seated at a table that could have easily fit 2 more people.  We actually 2 people servicing our table for the entire dinner and they were fantastic and on the ball!!  To start I ordered a spinach salad with goat cheese which was served with a whole bulb of roasted garlic. 3 words:  UH-MAAAAAAHHH-ZING!! loved the garlic it was served with.  The table also ended up splitting Lobster mac n cheese which was to die for!!  i don't even like lobster but it wasn't too sweet and the mac n cheese was extremely creamy and the dish wasn't too rich.  For my main course I had the linguine with clams and bacon...SUPER DELISH!!  it was a thick cut bacon with a white wine sauce that had just the right texture and consistency.  Sometimes they can be watery but not this one!!  We had a trio of desserts including coconut cheesecake, bananas foster and some kind of donuts filled with cream.  I don't even like coconut but the cheesecake was DE-LISH-SHUS and those donuts were ON POINT!!  Was not a huge fan of the bananas foster which is usually NOT the case but the other desserts made up for it!!

I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT based off of my experience. YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY!!
What is there to say about an Emeril Lagasse restaurant that hasn't already been said? The food and service are great, and for the cheaper price tag, it's a suitable replacement for the pricier and stuffier Delmonico next door in The Venetian.  The specials here can be hit and miss at times, so stick to the normal menu and you'll have a great meal.
Had high expectations for this place and was pretty disappointed.  We came in for lunch and each ordered the shrimp po' boy.  We were definitely underwhelmed.  It was nothing compared to the shrimp po' boy from Brenda's French Soul Food in San Francisco.  Totally flavorless and I had to force myself to finish it.  Had the white chocolate malasadas and was expecting to be blown away but they were just ok.  The good thing was that the wait staff helping us were very helpful and on top of it with everything.  Glad to say that I tried it but I have no plans on coming back.
Pretty good and cozy Place for casual dinning.... Steak and lobster bisque soup were really great!!!
You can get addicted to a certain kinda sadness
Like resignation to the end, always the end
So when we found that we could not make sense
Well you said that we would still be friends at...TABLE 10! - Gotye (somebody that i used to know)

Located right in front of the escalator at the palazzo, I've walked past this restaurant many times and when I found out this was Emeril's Table 10, i was excited. I already knew what i was ordering before i got here as the succling pig got rave reviews on yelp. I ordered that while my friend ordered their specialty pizza. When i dish arrived at the table, it looked like a kidney with carrots on the side lol. I wasn't too worried though because the reviews on this dish was so good, and they were right! If i was only eating with my eyes, it would've been oft putting but it tasted so good. It was a generous portion and i finished it all. For dessert, i forgot exactly the name of what we got but it was described to us and recommended by the waiter since it was the only dessert on the menu that has been a mainstay since they opened the restaurant as fried donut holes with warm white chocolate sauce inside with a sweet en glaze poured table-side. Oh man it was so delish, couldn't believe how much i ate that night. 

Food: 4.5 stars --- Service: 4 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): 4 stars
Went for happy hour. Bartender was the worst I have ever encountered.  If you are over 40 don't wast your time and head anywhere instead.  Bartender's obnoxious behavior ruined Table 10.  Would NEVER consider going back. Actually put a damper on the whole night. would rate a "0" if I could. Keep in mind, this was all on the bartender.
Stop in for sweet snack.  Excellent cheese cake.
Disclaimer: This is a vegan's view

I expect most high-end restaurants to be able to put together something vegan, especially if you ask without regard to price. But after being seated here with a fairly large party, I asked what my options were for something vegan. I don't expect miracles, but in Carnevino, the waiter came back and said the chef would take care of me. I ended up with salad and some vegetables, but filling enough and very good. And I had something with every course.

At Table 10, I got a response that I'm used to from chains like Applebees. The waiter came back and said that they didn't really offer anything vegan, and only suggested a salad, though didn't offer specific recommendations on which had dressing without egg or dairy. Ultimately I ordered fries, spinach, and charred peas. It ended up being filling enough, but unsatisfying overall. The $9 serving of spinach was ordinary, though the charred peas were good.
A group of 7 of us ate at Table 10 last night and were all disappointed.  The service was painfully slow.  We waited about 20 minutes after being seated to get our drinks/wine.  Another 15 minutes to order.  Another 40 minutes to get our entrees.  The food was mostly flavorless.  The fish and steak was overcooked.  The bacon appetizer was good.  The lobster mac and cheese was just OK.  The only great part of the meal was the wine - a Jordan cab.

I would not recommend this restaurant.  There are many better choices in Las Vegas.
Reasonably priced, average cuisine, good service. A bit underwhelming for being an Emeril restaurant, but an accessible option that can easily accommodate large groups.

Friend really enjoyed her Colorado filet mignon, which came out beautifully, paired with spinach and potato puree, served with a red wine sauce. 

Wasn't impressed with the kobe beef shortrib - beef was semi-grade and surprisingly tough. Served with sauteed spring vegetables and potato puree. 

Service was friendly enough and attentive. Restaurant was surprisingly empty on a Thursday evening.
Ok. Ok.      OK.............Ok.......For real though.....WOW!

My fiance and I were in Vegas about to do the whole dinner and a show thing followed by some drinking, socializing, then a wobbly walk home to the room for a nightcap. We got ourselves reservations for TABLE 10 which is a restaurant by the famous chef Emeril Lagasse. It was a toss up because I knew I wanted this to be a great date night and I wanted the food to be outstanding.

Well...we lucked out. Not only was the ambience perfect for a nice romantic but not stuffy dinner, but the food was absofrickinmazing! That's my made up word because a normal one doesn't do it justice. We got several smallish dishes to share. The first was in bone, bone marrow served with crispy crostini slices. Slap yo mama good! Seriously if she was there I would slap her. Lightly across the shoulder of course because anything else would warrant me getting a busted lip. I said to my fiance that if any of the other dishes are better than this one I will be a very happy man.

Well paint me blue and call me Smurf because I'll be damned if they didn't continue to turn out dish after absofrickinmazing dish. 

I whole heartedly recommend anyone go and eat there if they are in Las Vegas. You will not be sorry.....Because you will be too busy being happy. :)
Dinner at the bar with the wife.  Nice atmosphere with an open kitchen.  Service was okay.  Bartenders were perfectly nice, but had little input regarding the menu.  "Everything is good" is not really the response I want to hear.

Anyway, I definitely wanted to try the fried smelt (one of the reasons we decided to try Table 10).  The order is huge for an appetizer and was quite reasonably priced.  The smelt were fried perfectly.  Unfortunately, there was way too much salt sprinkled all over the smelt after they were fried.  Takes a lot for me to say that as I like big taste.  Also, tried the beef cheek appetizer.  This was tender and excellent with plenty of vegetables.  The Gumbo was rather mild and needed a Tabasco sauce kick.  I chose the suckling pig "porchetta" entree and was underwhelmed.  Bland meat with pretty bland sauce.

The mixed cocktails were delicious.  Mango and spice was the right combination of sweet and spicy and the agave fresco was very refreshing.  Happy hour is from 3-6 daily and has some nice value.
My party & I were really lucky to have randomly chosen this spot and be absolutely amazed! Upon arriving the restaurant was sort of empty but we decided to give it a shot anyway. First things first, FREE sangrias for checking in! A great start to a fabulous dinner. They were delicious and did the job.

Everything on the menu sounded delicious but was pricey so I decided to get the cheapest meat item on the menu, The Stuffed, Whole Rodgers Farm Young Chicken for $26..which wasn't a problem because I love chicken. Group dinners are great because everyone orders something different and you get to sneak a taste off every plate.

We ordered 1 appetizer and 1 side: Sriracha Chicken Wings for $13 and Lobster Mac-N-Cheese for $19. Despite the fact that I can't handle spicy food the wings were a complete hit! They had a flavorful kick with just enough spice for me to enjoy it. Just as the menu says, sweet + heat, cucumber buttermilk, and pickled vegetables. Seriously finger licking good! The lobster mac-n-cheese was nice & creamy. I loved the crumbs on top, it gave the dish texture. Our only wish was that there was more lobster.

3 men with a dish in each hand arrived to our table together and knelt and presented our food. It was very impressive. To my surprise my chicken was very delicious. The skin was thin and flavorful (I hate fatty skin) and the meat was juicy and just perfect. I loved that it was stuffed with potatoes and veggies.

Everyone else ordered the following:
Kurobuta Baby Back Rotisserie Ribs $13 (2 orders, since it is considered an appetizer on the dinner menu)
Linguine + Clams for $27
Fetticcini Portuguesa for $26
Wild Salmon for $32
Great Lakes Whitefish for $35
And LOVED it!

We were so stuffed and satisfied by the time the dessert menu arrived we all shared the White Chocolate Malassadas which was a perfect ending to our night.

The service was as great as it gets! Our water was always refilled. Our waiter shared stories with us and had us laughing!

My aunt & uncle always stay at The Palazzo when in Vegas & were suprised they've never been here before but they said they'd definitely be back and same goes for me!!
My husband and I ended up at Table 10 by chance while wondering around the Palazzo trying to find a place for dinner.  The good news is that most people eat dinner super late on the strip, so we had no trouble getting a table at a normal dinner hour (around 6:00 P.M.).

Service was a bit slow at first but then got better.  They were not busy, so I'm not sure what the problem was.  I'd say we waited a good ten minutes to order drinks.  After that there was a dramatic improvement.

I have mixed reviews to offer on the food.  I expected a better cocktail sauce to be served with the oysters.  In fact, we had much better oysters at a more reasonable price the next day at the Palace (right off the strip).  My husband's salmon was out of this world excellent--the best I've ever tasted.  On the other hand, my gumbo was nothing special.  That disappointed me, because of Emeri'ls BAM thing.  My gumbo definitely lacked the BAM factor.  Thankfully, I was saved by dessert.  We ordered and scarfed down the White Chocolate Malassadas, which are little donuts with white chocolate on the inside and cinnamon sprinkled on the outside.  Oh . . . my . . .God!!!!  Yes, they were THAT good.
I had the clams and linguine al dente, and shared in bruschetta and prosciutto appetizers.  The bruschetta was fresh, light, but uninspiring. The prosciutto was good.

The main dishes took a good 35 minutes to prepare. My linguine was al dente as requested. It was slightly lacking in sauce but I had no other complaints.

Service is attentive to the point of almost overbearing. I had my plate changed 5 times throughout the course of my meal and my water filled every 7 minutes.
Stopping in for a quick happy hour cocktail, actually ended up staying for a few more, ooops. Ordered the "Sand Dollar," Sammy Hagar Beach Bar Rum, St Germain, Lemon Juice, Lemon Juice, Lemon Bitters, and Orgeat Syrup. Now i usually NEVER drink rum unless its a mojito, but you cant even taste rum! So smooth, nice lemon kick and sweet simple finish. Perfect for summer. Served up with a twist. Paired excellently with a half dozen oysters to start. Mustve been the bright green cucumber sauce the oysters were served with that made it so refreshing

Also enjoyed Emerill Lagasse's bbq shrimp. Jumbo shrimp soaked in a sauce of butter, cream, bbq base, various pepper spices. Different spin on a sauce that im used to , but job well done. Very rich, flavor packed punch. Much of that in what id expect in a new saucy experiment.

Lastly, Pork Poudin Blanc. Breaded and lightly deep fried donut hole sized ball of pork and rice. Served with a smpe sweet and sour sauce. Need i say more??


Btw, it smells amazing in here! Dont know why its not busier
Fantastic. I highly recommend this place. The food is outstanding! WOW!!!  Get the bacon, gumbo & ribs. Yum!
Pretty good show, Emeril!  We came here for Happy Hour, but ended up ordering more things off of the regular menu.  I was very pleased overall!

WHAT?!?! Checking in using my Yelp app gave me a free sangria?! Hot stuff!! Alright, this is already starting well.  I ordered the Mango & Spice cocktail, which was very interesting. Sweet, but with a jalepeno kick at the end. It got better as I continued to drink it.

The service was...just so-so. Our waiter acted like he'd rather be doing something else.  He forgot my Sprite and was generally rather flat and somewhat unfriendly. Turned out, we came at the end of his shift, so we ended up with a different server for the last half of our meal. He was a bit better.

The meal started with the best, softest, warmest, most delicious rolls.  They just brought them out one at a time for each diner, so we ended up having to ask for more. I think I could have just eaten those rolls for my meal!!

I ordered the lobster mac & cheese and the BBQ shrimp (on the Happy Hour menu) for my meal.  I loved them both! There were just 3 shrimp, but they were nicely sized, and there was plenty of sauce. The lobster mac & cheese was obviously meant for sharing (it was $19), so I didn't finish the whole thing. It was yummy! Big chunks of lobster throughout, creamy mac & cheese with breadcrumbs baked on top.

My friends ordered the gumbo (said it was a bit too salty), and the shrimp po boy (pretty tasty).

We had a coupon from the Palazzo for an extra 15% off, which they honored with no problem, but I had to send the bill back to get the sangria taken off the bill (thanks again, Yelp!).  Overall, it ended up being quite reasonably priced for a lovely early dinner.
I really want to give a great review.
I really want to give a great review.
I really want to give a great review.

But I just can't....

We love Emerils food and frequent his fish house a few times a year so we decided to try his Table 10.  Our waitress and the manager were really great but it just wasn't as good as we expected it to be.

Gumbo-  Great gumbo as I would expect from Emeril
Beef Cheek- very tender and perfectly cooked but not very flavorful...bland, just missing some BAM.
Gnocchi- My wife loved it because it had a unique texture.  I like my Gnocchi to be smooth and creamy...these had an oatmeal like texture and it just turned me off.  The marinara sauce was good, if not a little sweet.
Add-on lobster-  This lobster was so strange that I had to confirm what type of lobster it was with the manager, he replied Maine lobster.  It was a bowl of big lobster chunks but the consistency was not meaty at all as you would expect but more like mushy white fish that flaked apart.  I have never had lobster like this, we didn't finish it.
Spicy maple infused bacon-  This was awesome and unique.  I would go back just to have this again.

I wanted to love Table 10 but it just had more misses than hits.  I do want to stress that the staff was really great...we had an error occur with our left overs and the manager insisted on cooking new dishes for us.  He was very generous and very professional.

I may return and try it one more time in the future....maybe just for the bacon!
Great food.  Loved every bite.  Service was excellent.  The Bananna Cream Pie is the best I have ever eaten.
My girl friends and I came here for some happy hour during my bachelorette. We enjoyed their free sangria thanks to yelp. =) 

We ordered their famous mac n cheese, Siracha wings, and some other small appetizers. Everything was fresh and delicious. I really liked the wings, they were nicely fried and spicy!! Yum.
BAM!  Emeril is a winner!  Food and service are great.  We didn't have anything we didn't enjoy.
Everything I had exceeded my expectations.

My waiter suggested to try the Charred English Peas so we did and they really were an unexpected pleasant surprise. You can eat them the same way you eat edamame. The peas were big and beautiful and firm the way they should be.

I had the Ahi Salad and the freshness and quality of the ahi made this an enjoyable meal. The salad was very fresh and was made with butter lettuce, fresh green beans and pitted quality olives.

My husband had the spinach salad and the gumbo. He was very impressed with the spinach salad and said outside of New Orleans this was the best gumbo he had.

Everything we had was done nicely.

The Big Open Kitchen was nice , clean and organized.

Service was great!

BAM!
Went back to see if they got their act together...not. Gumbo was shockingly average coming from a chef that embraces his New Orleans background. Service was slow....really slow.  Truffled mac and cheese was decent. But the food is very average, when I go out I want to eat better than what I can prepare quickly at home. Especially if I am to wait (most of the wait was after the meal to get the check, maybe 15-20 minutes..inexcusable at a non-busy restaurant at lunch time)
AGAIN EVERYTHING EXCEEDED MY EXPECTATIONS! BAM!

I didn't plan to come back so soon but did because they wouldn't let us have the antipasto menu at Otto Enoteca and it turned out to be a very good thing.

I didn't know they have a top ten in the country mixologist here so we tried the special $7 cocktails. All the drinks were very creative combinations and that's a great price for Vegas and the drinks were very good!

We shared the YUMMY English Peas that you eat like edamame. My husband had to have the gumbo again since it's so good here.

I had the striped bass that's served whole. The fish was as fresh as can be and was prepared to perfection. The dish came with lemon risotto that was prepared perfect and wasn't the traditional flavor of risotto but the lemon flavor coordinated well with the entree. The risotto was garnished with fresh pea shouts and fresh peas. My husband had the whitefish with fresh crab heirloom tomatoes with a fresh cucumber sauce that was delicious as well.

The service again was PHENOMENAL!

Emeril can be very proud his employees do a Great Job Here!

4.5 Stars
Really loved the atmosphere, it was so calm and nice in there. One thing that bothered me was the fact that we each got one bread bun, and that was it. I wanted more. That bread was delicious. I'm bitter about that. Fast service, nice waiters and waitresses and yummy food!
The service is wonderful and so is the food. Carlsbad Mussels, Rotisserie Baby Back Ribs, Dungeness Crab Salad, Kobe Beef Short Ribs, 2003 Domaine Courvis Red Rhone Wine and Vero's Lemon Bar with Blueberry Coulis - every bit of it was awesome!
Rating based on food : 4 Stars
Rating based on speediness of service : 2 Stars

It's a shame I have to give it only 3 stars. Food was great!  Service wasn't bad, but it was so painfully slow.  They comped our drinks to make up for the slow service, which was nice of them.
I don't like throwing down a FIVE star on a restaurant after just a single visit, but this visit was SO spectacular that I'm breaking my rule.  Oh, Emeril, I think I just fell in love with you.  Okay, maybe not you... but Table 10 is my new love in Vegas and I will be going back at first opportunity!

Here's how it all happened.  My dad is a Grazie gold member at the Venetian and they offered him dinner for two at Table 10 as a part of his offer this week.  He could care less about food so he sent my mom and I to dine like queens in his stead.  THANK YOU DAD!!!!  Apparently, this offer is for a specific menu and I believe that this menu is available to order from otherwise, too, because it said at the top $75 for two people.  It's your standard Prix Fixe with three choices for each: appetizer, entree, and dessert, but I'm kicking myself because I don't remember all of the options on it, just what I selected!

My mom and I both made the same selections and we started with a tomato and burrata salad - what is not to like?  My mouth is watering just thinking about it!  They also brought out pillowy soft dinner rolls that were so warm and delicious!  Our entree was tournedos of beef served over a potato puree with broccoli.  The beef was cooked PERFECTLY.  I asked for horseradish because I love horseradish with my steak and it was spicy and delicious.  The broccoli was crisp and fresh and the potato puree silky and tasty. We were also brought more rolls, oh YUM! But, the star of the night?  The pistachio cheesecake.  This is literally one of the best desserts I've had.  EVER.   The cheesecake was pistachio flavored on a chocolate crust with  whole pistachios on the plate.  It was served with vanilla ice cream.  It was the PERFECT combination of sweet and salty, crunchy and creamy.  I'm actually in love with a dessert!

We also ordered glasses of pinot grigio.  It was nice.  My only complaint is that I didn't check in on Yelp until we left and that was when I found out I could have gotten a free glass of sangria from my Yelp check in, if I would have checked in right when we got there since we had arrived just before happy hour ended at 7!  Ah, next time.

Our server, whose name I do not recall - sorry, was awesome.  He was professional and attentive, but unobtrusive.  I felt well taken care of even though they knew we were there receiving the free dinner. Our water glasses were kept full and plates removed at the appropriate time and there were no lags between requests, deliveries, and clearing.  The service was outstanding.

Literally, I have NO complaints.  They even have their own restroom in the restaurant, which is unusual for a casino restaurant.  This was one of the nicest dinners I have enjoyed and I will highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who asks where they should eat in Las Vegas.
Table 10 is located right up the escalators from the Palazzo in the Shops of the Palazzo. If your familiar with this area, it's right next to Sushi Samba.  Our waiter was extremely attentive, really nice, and very informative.  Very unique appetizer selections- my friend got the smelt for like $11 and there was at least 40 pieces, it definitely was a meal if you just added some fries to it.  They also had radishes which I can't stand but we all had never seen that as an app before.  They also have a wide selection of food, from pasta, to steak, to seafood, so there's enough to make everyone hapy.

Short rib was very good, very tender.  My friend got the Salmon and he loved it.  Tomato/ Mozzarella salad was very uneventful and probably was plated worse than I'd do at home with mine.  I'd skip that one.
My husband and I, along with friends, celebrated our 15th Wedding Anniversary at this restaurant last evening.
All of us truly enjoyed our meals and the ambiance at Table 10!
The food - Oysters on the half shell, Bacon w/ Bourbon glaze, Filet Mignon, Short Ribs, Linguini and Clams, followed by the doughnuts, Apple Cobbler, and Banana Creme Pie - were so delicious!
It was the service that was worthy of 5 stars, though!
Table 10 knows how to make a customer feel like a guest!!!
I felt like a cherished person, rather than just a person who was paying someone's bills.
Chris and his team were amazing, but Chris gave credit to Emeril for training the staff in the proper way.
 I will recommend this restaurant to all of my friends that come to Las Vegas!
This place is a 3.5 star place in my book.. not as dissapointing as Pinot Brasserie but I wasn't impressed.

Again, this place was not packed or full at all.. I guess that shows how meh this place is.

Easy to make reservations.  We were seated right by the walkway..  and the waiter was nice enough.   But really.. the culprit is the food.

I was never a huge fan of Emeril to be honest.. anybody who gained significant weight during the course of his show in addition to adding butter to make things better and yelling out bam... doesn't qualify as a good cook.  But hey, I decided to give it a try.  I loved the food when I went to NOLA this year.. but it's just better there unfortunately.

My food critique:
1.  I had the beef cheeks and they were tender.. but not really flavorful.  
2.  Also tried their supposedly amazing truffle mac and cheese.  It is pretty flavorless in my opinion.
3.  Heard the gumbo was nothing to write home about... and this is a standard Southern dish.
4.  Scallops were actually quite good... there were only three.  I didn't really care for the creamy sauce that was on the plate but it tasted delicious.  

My friends said they enjoyed their steak dinners but then again, there are a dozen steak places (like Cut which may be a tad more pricey) in the area.

I would say this is a notch slight about Pinot Brasserie.. but not by much.
Picked this place on a whim with my mother, since she'd been to another of Emeril's Las Vegas restaurants and loved it. The service and especially the food were amazing. When I went back to Vegas a month later I immediately suggested to my friends that we eat there, and we all loved it. 

Me: Boston lettuce salad, linguini and clams (so good!), and banana cream pie. Also had an $8 glass of Sauv Blanc that was fantastic.
Friends: Colorado filet mignon, truffle mac-n-cheese, milk chocolate mousse cake.

I highly recommend this place.
i recently tried a resturant which, happens to be one where emril lagasse put his name on it. we had a special offer from the venetian to go here.  
the grazie special comes in a seperate menu which is a thre-course menu and your party of two gets to choose any two of the given three items in the three differnt courses : appetizer, main and dessert.
My mom chose the salad, the fried bass, and the cheesecake, while i chose the gumbo, tundura steak, and the chocolate mousse.
my sister ordered the steak and my brother in law ordered the cajun pasta. everyone shared the dishes with everyone and all the food involved were delicious.
My steak: medium rare, very tender, juicy, melts in the mouth
my sister's steak: medium rare, very tender, tastes good w/sauce 
fried bass: doesnt taste greasy for a fried item, melts in the mouth
Pasta tastes good, a touch of spice to give it a zesty taste

over all the food is extraordinary, service is okay and i will defintely come back, should my pocketbook allow for it. shoudl it come for free again, im definitely there :)
Good ol Table 10... The first time I went here I had the cola braised duck which may have been the best non-confit duck I have ever eaten. Based on this dish alone I would have given the place 5 stars. However, I have been back multiple times and they have taken it off the menu and The food has been good but not great since then. I've had really good dishes and some pretty mediocre dishes. That being said whenever I've had an issue with a dish I was well taken care of. Don't get me wrong, the food is good and the prices are definitely reasonable considering you are in the Palazzo but they set the bar really high on my first trip in and have yet to hit the bar again food wise.

Where Table 10 really shines is during happy hour with their app and drink specials. You can get a signature cocktail designed by master mixologist Max Solano for a really good price and if you check in on foursquare or yelp you get a free sangria. Actually if it were not for Max's drinks prepared perfectly by Hagan and Pedro I would probably have given table 10 three stars instead of 4. The bartenders take really good care of their customer and in my experiences here, they are better servers than the servers are. Hagan, who I have worked with most, is always on top of things and will make sure you have a good dining experience and Pedro saved the day one time when I had an issue with the bone marrow. One of the three servings was rock hard and my server told me that when it came to bone marrow that you just get what you get. Pedro happened to overhear that and he immediately came over, took my plate and walked back to the kitchen. Soon after I was presented with a replacement. 

In the end, I usually start my evening here since most conventions I go to are in the Sands and this is just a short walk from there and they are open early. I start my evenings here more often than not and it's a great atmosphere. I hope that eventually I will hit the jackpot again as I did on my first visit for dinner but in the meantime I am content with their generous happy hour offerings and great bar service.
Dined at Table 10 Oct 20, 2012 and was very disappointed.  The soup de jour was mushroom and was OK but was served in a bowl that had to be 20 in wide which equates to 1/18 depth so therefore soup was cold before you could take 2 bites. Lobster was not good, no taste and very mediocre,  Appetizer Smoked maple  bacon was served very in a bowl by itself with nothing to go with it....greasy and just in a bowl. Special butternut squash ravioli had very little taste.  Pasta part was very nice but the rest of the dish was just plain bland. All other foods are very spicy hot as was the bacon.   I expected food that was  prepared with more of a flare. This was like eating at some cheesy pseudo gourmet.   We started with one waiter and mid meal another waiter took over while the first was still in the restaurant....a little different?   I won't be back.
Tasty!!!! Everything we had was amazing.... I LOVED the filet mignon!!!! The wine list (and wine cellar) is so expansive and delish!!!! I just wish the atmosphere were a little better/classier.... But I guess "When in Vegas..."..... But if you get past the small, crammed atmosphere, the food is GREAT!!!!! Try the red sangria!!!!! (the white is gross)
You must order the scallops -- simply delicious!!!!!
BEST FOOD EVER. 

Customer service was great - we were seated right on time for our reservation. Our server gave us real options based off the most popular dishes and his favorites. 

We started with the candied bacon - so delicious. There's an amazing sweet bourbon sauce that they drizzle on the bacon that makes it sweet and savory at the same time. 

BEST beef short rib around. Fall of the fork tenderness and a rich sauce to pair. We also got the pork chop with roasted garlic sauce and buttery carrots. The size portion was such a great bang for your buck. THEN best part was the truffle mac and cheese. SUCH a lingering taste in your mouth hours afterward. So delicious. 

Please go to Table 10. Great customer service, AMAZING FOOD. Thank you, Emeril Lagasse! BAM!!
I had high expectation from this restaurant. I had wild salmon and my wife had veggie pasta. Service was OK. Pasta was dry and did not have much taste. Salmon was over cooked and also had no taste.

It was not packed that should have given indication about the popularity of the restaurant. I can get much better food for at other restaurants with much lower price.
This review would have been better but I think I caught the restaurant out at a bad time.  

The food was excellent.  The fish was well done, the ribs were tender and moist, the veggies crisp.  The food was delivered too hot, though.  The drinks were good but not amazing.  I guess I just expected more considering the premium price.  

Our table was in a far corner, next to a table of 8 kids, it made us feel somewhat unappreciated.  We were a pair of reasonably well-dressed adults with good manners, so I'm not sure why they threw us in the back.  There was no bread on the table--apparently there's a guy that makes rounds but he didn't show up until halfway through the main course, then ran off before butter.  It was really odd.  

I'd return for the food hoping the experience is better the second time around.
Food was mediocre.  Bbq shrimp comes with 4 shrimps, very large shrimps and surprising didn't taste like bbq at all. Flavor was good but for $4/shrimp, I expected a bit more BAM! 

Also had the Truffle mushroom soup which was very rich. Couldn't finish the bowl because of how rich it was.

Halibut with shrimp is a must. Perfectly cooked, flaky and full of flavor. Side of truffle mac and cheese was taste worthy but not a must have.

We went for dinner at 7 pm and only 2 other tables were seated. Good time to go on a Friday night. We didn't appreciate how close the tables were to each other. I could hear everything both parties were saying on either side of our table. It would have improved the atmosphere a lot more if we were a bit more spaced out.

Service was great. Never had an empty glass and our server's recommendations were right on. Thank you, Josh.
Have had some large corporate dinners here 10-25 guests and the service food and staff are amazing , when we have corporate officers coming to town they know to request a dinner here !!!
I went for dinner with my fiancée a couple of days ago. We were thinking about going to Cut but in the end decided to give Table 10 a chance. This was our first EL restaurant. 

Overall, I think the actual restaurant is quite nice and service is up to par. The food was not bad at all but I left feeling like I had gain several pounds in just one seat.  Everything tasted "fatty". We shared everything: bone marrow and prosciutto appetizers, aged filet mignon, and each had a cocktail: mojito for me and Lucky Ray. No desserts. 

Now I do understand that our options were not exactly on the lighter side.  But I was very disappointed with filet mignon, it just had too much fat in it and It was not consistently cooked (medium rear). However, we ate it all so it was not awful. We very much enjoyed the purée of sweet potato and our drinks. Cocktails were excellent. 

Good experience, good restaurant. Maybe I will give it another chance and try some Cajun food.
Nice restaurant in a nice mall.  Went here with a large group and was able to get good vegetarian options at a fixed-course meal.  They prepared an excellent squash ravioli as a main course for us vegetarians. Also had tomatoes with fresh mozzarella as a first course (which I don't see on their menu).  We sat "outside" in the mall so did not experience much of the atmosphere of the restaurant.
I sat at the bar. Had a glass of Acacia chardonnay...not bad but a little pricey. The bartender recommended i get the scallops since i was looking for something light. The serving size was very small for an entree.The scallops were large but a tad underseasoned. The cauliflower was there but barely. The meal was overall ok. It came out luke warm too. Pros: great location, great low key ambience, good selection of seafood, tasty bread rolls.
I wouldn't go out of my way to get here. I was staying at the Palazzo and was looking for something else that was quick besides the Grand Lux Cafe. Was it good? Well, it was all right.

There was zero wait for a table of four on a Sunday evening which was nice. My main dish was Emeril's New Orleans BBQ shrimp. It was super salty but hey, it was flavorful. There were only four pieces of jumbo shrimp though. Uh oh...still hungry? Fortunately, the appetizer was the beef carpaccio, which was served with truffle toast. That was good. The bread brought to our table was deliciously soft and squishy with butter. That helped a bit too.

Service was good and the prices are reasonable for Vegas. Don't forget to check-in on Yelp to receive a complimentary glass of Emeril's seasonal fruit sangria!
If you are looking for a dining experience to go along with one of the best steaks around, then this is your place.  The service was great and the atmosphere was great.  A very lively place. We had some butternut squash soup, compliments of the restaurant. which was great. That was the first time I had ever tried it.  We each got the 8 oz filet, cooked to perfection with great taste with sides of mac and cheese and the hot potatoes. We skipped desert but they brought us banana nut bread cupcake with pudding filing. Great place and highly recommend.
We had lunch here twice on two separate Vegas trips. First time, food and service were 4 stars. This time, food was 3.5 and service was 2.5. I was surprised to have such mediocre service at the Palazzo. Our waiter was inattentive, took a long time to bring our drinks, didn't split or check like we had requested. Just not impressed.
All in all, pretty disappointed. Service started off very slow and the place was 1/2 empty. Took 20 minutes to nail down a drink and a piece of bread. The candied bacon was a great novelty and I would recommend it. Beet salad was light and fresh.... not off the hook, but good. Loved the pistachios. Butternut squash lacked flavor and was rather doughy. Short Ribs were very good with a nice sauce and what appeared to be a sweet potato purée. The salmon with couscous was bland and undercooked. Trust me, we love sashimi and sushi. The entire dish lacked any flavor. My wife ate about a fourth of it. Believing that a restaurant can only improve if you are honest when they ask you how the food is, we let our server know when she asked. She offered to bring something else, we declined. Taking it off of the bill would have been the right move. The puff pastry filled with white chocolate and a wonderful dipping sauce, was great. All in all, come here for the bacon and the desert. I think these celebrity chefs open too many restaurants and they lose control over the quality. BAM! Once here was enough.
We came about 9:30 looking for a snack before a night out. 
We ending up sharing an order of the Lobster Mac & Cheese.
Oh
My 
Gosh

DELISH. The waiters were amazing & the food is beautiful and tastes so good! 
Eat Here!
Great atmosphere and service. Ordered the wild salmon and loved it.
Sit at the viewing table (so you can see right into the kitchen) and order the siracha chicken wings.  You won't be disappointed!

Oh, and the banana cream pie?  Deee-lish.
Located in The Palazzo, somewhere on the second level of the shops, this was a really good dinner once we found the place. They nicely seated us right away even though we were late for our reservation. Thanks to FourSquare (and this app too) we each earned a free red or while Sangria. It was missing the usual glass full of fruit, but it tasted like a Sangria. I got the crab salad to start. I've had lots of crab meals around town but this one tasted a bit fishy. It was good though and about a cup of it came in the serving. My entree however was amazing. I ordered a filet (8oz) medium well. It came butterflied and was cooked perfectly in all portions. The taste of the wood fire was wonderful! Good service and l really loved that steak.
Overall, very satisfying meal.  Starters were delicious (smelt, tomato/mozzarella salad), as well as our main entrees (braised lamb, halibut).  Serving temperature of each dish was very hot, which I always critically appreciate.  We ordered a few glasses of wine which tasted as expected.  Service staff was attentive, yet needed to be a bit more personable and knowledgable.  Unfortunately, we didn't have time to check out the desserts. We will return.
Very disappointing food, service, and experience.

I've eaten at Delmonicos and Emeril's Fish House, so I should have been prepared for the overall poor experience of going to Table 10.  I deducted a star for the taste of the food, a star for the service, and a star for the price point.  Usually when hyou pay for an expensive meal, you way quality tasting food and service.  However, this place was just a disappointment.  I will never go back again.  The only bright spot I can say is that this place is better than the Fish House.  That place is disgusting.
Yes, I'm on the quest to try every one of Emeril's restaurants in my life, so I'm on number two now. Table 10 is located in the shop area of the Palazzo and I really wanted to try it. Luckily, my girlfriend and her family indulged me with this little request and we did.

Our waiter was a little off, but I'm giving him a pass because the rest of the experience was great. Maybe he had a tough night or something, but we were there for lunch and not sure he wanted to be. That being said, onto the food.

We decided to go family style and ordered a few of the New Orleans Fried Shrimp po'Boy's ($16). They were quite tasty the shrimp was fried to perfection, with a wonderful Creole mayonnaise, very similar to Lagasse's Stadium, but even better. They were also served with tasty, fresh cut fries that were devoured quite quickly.

We also got the La Quercia Prosciutto Panino ($15). It contained mozzarella, roasted heirloom tomatoes, balsamic vinaigrette and a garden green salad. It was a very tasty sandwich, think high caliber grilled cheese with tomatoes. It would've been nice if the tomatoes were chopped as I felt it needed a little more consistency throughout the sandwich. Quite tasty though. The salad was extremely fresh and tasty. 

The last shared item was the Kurobuta Baby Back Rotisserie Ribs with a pickled corn salad ($25). There was enough for the whole table to eat. It was a huge portion. The ribs had a great sweetness to them that worked perfectly. It was a whole rack, and the meat just fell off the bone. I've been a little over ribs for a while now, but this brought me back for at least another try.

If you want a great restaurant with great food done with Louisiana love, this is the place.
This place was just OK for me. The servers were really nice and my food was good, but my husbands looked like it was plopped out of a TV dinner package and put on the plate. 

Haven't you guys watched CHOPPED and all those other cooking shows? We were thinking with Emeril as your face, that you would have worked a little harder on the presentation. We were disappointed. Maybe we should be looking to something a bit higher class to get the experience we were looking for. 

They did make a good white sangria (free as a Yelp check in offer). Think that was the best part of the meal.
The service was exceptional. The recommended candied bacon was amazing. I had the daily special of two lobster tail with Creole butter sauce and was so happy with it. The lobster tails were cooked perfectly and the Creole butter sauce was what made the meal unique.
Salmon served medium rare was a bit dry.  For lunch, this dish is definitely not enough to keep on full.  I'm glad I tried it, but I think I need to aim more for the poboys or pulled pork sandwiches.  I tried to go the healthy route.

The service was a little disappointing, sure we were waiting for another individual at the table, but I requested for the server to come and take our order.  The server made eye contact but made no movement towards the table.
Tried out Table 10 for the first time at lunch and it was so good!   We ordered the following:

Shrimp Po'Boy - the bread was a bit tough but otherwise good
Salmon entree - really good
Beef Short Rib Sandwich - extremely good - soft, tender short rib
Shrimp and Gnocci - lunch special - extremely good - shrimp was so tasty as was the gnocci

The best for last:  Emeril's Banana Cream Pie - a slab has big as your fist!  Really smooth and lots of bananas in the cream.  I would actually just visit Table 10 just to eat this dessert!
Why the less than 4 star rating, Emeril?

We had a great experience here. Met some friends for dinner, which for me and hubby meant a couple appetizers and drinks as we were still full from the buffet. And that's really too bad, because what we did get was delicious.

Prices were quite reasonable for both drinks and food, service was prompt although it wasn't terribly busy for a Saturday night.

We got the grissini - skinny breadsticks wrapped in prosciutto and dusted with truffle oil, a perfect snack (which is what it is on the menu) but don't expect anything more than an appetite teaser from this one under normal circumstances. We also tried the braised beef cheeks and wild mushrooms. The sauce, tender beef, and mushrooms were amazing. I highly recommend both of these dishes.

Our friends got the filet and chicken for entrees. Both enjoyed their food. 

Give this place a try, at least for some small bites - I really enjoyed it.
My husband and I went here for our anniversary.  We had high expectations of this restaurant, and they met them!!!  We loved our meal, the food was fantastic.
The only reason they got 4 stars, instead of 5 is because they did not treat us as an anniversary couple.  Normally, top restaurants, when they find out it is someones anniversary or birthday, they will send out  a nicely decorated dessert plate.  Not Table 10, they took our drink order and came out shortly after with a one biter, caprese on a toothpick... not exactley worthy of a 5 star rating.  The overall meal was perfectly executed, kitchen was beautifully sparkley and well kept.
I'm not much of a meat-eater and I ate here with a large group of friends for lunch, so this is more of a vegetarian/vegan review of the place. I was relegated to a caesar salad. The only other choice I remember seeing was a pasta dish. They did have several other entree salads, none of which interested me. The caesar was pretty plain and uninspired.

The group had candied bacon which received mixed reviews and several had sandwiches, which also had mixed reviews. The biggest hit of the entire lunch must have been the drinks, though. There were two mojitos being thoroughly enjoyed and raved about. The bloody mary also got high marks as well. 

I probably won't return but only because of the lack of interesting vegetarian foods that don't include a salad.
This place rocked...From the blood orange margaritas, to the beef cheek (what cheek I wonder).  Finished off with a Filet.  It was pretty expensive, $100 for one person.  But I was in vegas and on the company dime..why not..

Check this place out.  Designed really well and great bartenders.
WOW!! FLAVOR FLAVOR FLAVOR!!
Not crowded. Fantastic service Mikki was awesome. The candy bacon...words cannot even describe how good. WE WILL BE BACK!!!
Love the jalapeno drink and banana cream pie!
Went here for a couple of drinks and an appetizer. Wife and I sat at the bar. Everything was okay, but the place was DEAD -- staff outnumbered customers about 4 to 1, and that was just the staff I could see.
Dined here for lunch on 6/7 with family who were visiting from the Philippines. We had reservations for our party of 9. Ordered the baby back ribs and they fell right off the bone...awesome! This place is a little pricey but hey...it's in the Palazzo. The service was right on...I recommend this place if you have the money to spend.
Dined here on 6/8/13 for my bachelorette weekend. Even though it was a last minute reservation, it seemed like they had plenty of tables available. We arrived 15 minutes or so past our reservation but it was no problem. We were seated immediately to our table. 

The ambiance was light and calming. Their menu had a great selection and I had no problem selecting my entree. I ordered the Boneless Beef Short Ribs (sweet potato puree - cabbage au caramel - roasted garlic). The meat was so tender and cooked perfectly. I loved the sweet potato puree that the short ribs sat on top of. It was the perfect combination!

We also started with the Sriracha Chicken Wings. It came with a cucumber buttermilk sauce, which was kind of refreshing when dipped on the chicken wings. I would definitely order this appetizer again. 

One of my friends ordered the Kurobuta Pork Rack (rotisserie roasted rack - Weiser Farm carrots - roasted garlic sauce - Anson Mills grits). When the waitress said it was HUGE, she was not lying. It can definitely feed 2. The pork was also tender and went perfectly with the accompanied sauce. 

I normally love to order Linguine + Clams (manila clams - NCF bacon - broccolini - chili flakes - garlic - white wine sauce) but I knew I wanted a meat dish. My sister ordered this but she couldn't even finish it. The white wine sauce was a great pairing and it was not overwhelming. 

I would definitely come back to try the other entrees, and I love that they have generous portions. Would love to try the desserts next time :)
I came to Table Ten with pretty high expectations.  It was my birthday dinner, and I had spent a lot of time researching for the place I wanted to go.  
My boyfriend and I arrived about 20 minutes early for our reservation and I was glad to be seated despite our premature arrival.  We were seated near the back of the restaurant with a view of what I assume is the chef's table and the kitchen.  I was pretty stoked, since I consider that a pretty cool view.  
I think our waitresses name was Elizabeth.  We got our menus and I was very excited about the Parmesan cheese crusted pan seared scallops on portabello mushrooms with risotto and micro basil and a port wine butter.  WHAT? yes.  Probably one of the most delicious things I've eaten ever.  Seriously.  
The appetizer helped me decide that I should get the salmon for dinner, it had artichoke hearts, spinach, tomatoes, and wild mushrooms.  I asked Elizabeth if I should get the Riesling or Pinot grigio , and she suggested the latter because the fish was not spicy.  Boy, was she under exaggerating.  The cast iron pan seared salmon was completely unseasoned. And, to my utter dismay, our pepper grinder was not working.  It took until they reset the table next to us to get a functional one, and by that time I was nearly done with my bland and over-cooked salmon (I ordered it medium and it was very well done) anyway, and I was pretty over it.  However the wine did go very well and the two helped enhance each other.  It was a good recommendation.
My boyfriend had the lemon herb chicken and got mashed potatoes because he didn't want sour cream.
Emeril Lagasse's Table 10 is located at the Palazzo Hotel and Casino in Vegas and in my opinion it is his best. Its name is fitting because it Deserves a 10 on almost every level.  It is pricey but I had a twenty percent off voucher which helped to keep the dollar amount reasonable. We started with drinks and this was really the only part of the meal that could have been improved on. Simone had a Lychee martini and I went with a mojito. They were good but probably not much better then I could find at any bar anywhere at half the price.  For the meal itself Simone and I decided that we would share everything. When I let the server know this he was more then happy to bring us extra plates with each food item. While we waited for our first food items we enjoyed some great fluffy, buttery flaky dinner rolls. Then the appetizers arrived. First was the Grissini Bread sticks wrapped with Pancetta and glazed with Truffle butter. These were as amazing as they sounded. They were handmade in the kitchen and were thin crispy, salty and rich and highly addictive. Next up were grilled salt and pepper Pea pods. Slightly charred and salty sweet, they were drizzled with Olive Oil and Lemon Juice. Upscale finger food at its best, the only small issue I had was that some of the peas were more tender then others but the taste was spot on. Our last appetizer was the Candied Bacon. Hand cut thick strips of smoked pork belly with a sugary caramelized amber crust. These melted instantly in your mouth and were taken up another notch when drizzled with the maple butter then came along with them. For our shared entree we choose the Beer Glazed Duck Breast with Creole seasoned house sausage, hush puppies and lightly steamed Green Beans.  The meal came out on two plates already cut into two equal portions for us. I thought this was a real nice gesture from the kitchen and it was much appreciated as many restaurants don't like people sharing plates but Table 10 actually seems to encourage it.  The duck was the most tender I have ever had and it was cooked perfectly medium as I requested. The glaze was slightly sweet but not overpowering and the sides were equally as good especially when dragged through the glaze. Because we split our meals, we had plenty of room for dessert and so we had two. One was an Almond cake and the Other a Chocolate Mousse cake. The Chocolate cake was dark chocolate so it was not to sweet but was topped with raspberry sauce that made up for it and balanced it out. I enjoyed it, but my favorite was the Almond Cake. It was super moist and rich but was topped with a very light and refreshing homemade Basil sorbet to cut through the deep flavor of the almond.   This was a terrific end to a top notch foodie experience. This will be one of my Vegas Favorites for many years to come.
Sat at the bar and had a few drafts and small plates.  Oysters on the half shell were clearly not fresh, shucked way in advance and dried out.  Emeril?  Really?  Ate at Bouchon the next night and they had an excellent selection of beautiful fresh oysters, so I can only conclude that Emeril doesn't care and is just coasting on his fame.  

Gumbo was decent, though a small portion.  BBQ shrimp were ok as well.  Nice enough bar for a beer.
Great food and service, wish they had a selection of bread/dinner rolls though.
We were promptly seated at our reservation time, bread was brought (really, one dinky little roll?!! with no options for more?) and the waiter went through a couple of things.  The spinach salad was great, as were the bbq shrimp, but 4 average size shrimp for $20?  Probably the worst value on the strip, yeah they were awesome with a great bbq sauce but way overpriced for just 4.  
The seabass was very good as was the lamb shank.  Coming with sides included made it a fair value. The blueberry cobbler for desert was great!  
Will probably come back, maybe for lunch this time.
Nothing worse than spending too much money on food and regretting it before you leave your seat.$40 for lunch ,for an app and a lunch plate. I don't mind spending forty bucks, but never have I regretted it as much as there. 

 Overdressed salad and dry chicken. Was hungry an hour later. I've had better room service food at a 3 star hotel.

Normally, I would not complain,as everything is expensive in Vegas. But it was lackluster enough to prompt me to return home and write this review 2 days later.

Not good.
Have seen advertisements for Emerils restaurants in New Orleans before, but have never gone. I took the family here for lunch and I must say that I was not disappointed!  The shrimp Po Boy tasted just like home.  Although I prefer flour batter to cornmeal on shrimp when frying, the sweet pickles on the sandwich gave it a unique taste that was great.  I highly recommend this place. If you check in on yelp while you're in the restaurant, you might even get a free drink like we did.
I really hate giving three-stars to such a fancy place, but here's why:

- in general, the food was very salty
- timing of courses was shaky: I only ordered a main course and just about DIED of hunger before my entree came out... this was at least 20 minutes after they took away the course before that; in addition, it took forever to get a check
- expensive for what you're getting
- bottle of expensive wine contained sediments, which results from not turning the bottles in the cellar often enough, yuck... I expect more from a fancy $ place

Redeeming qualities:
- server made sure to check that the dish I was ordering did not contain any allergens that I noted
- 4 courses for $45
- free sangria with Foursquare check-in
Good bacon and pork. Was disappointed by the gumbo.  A little on the heavy side.
Visits: Once, a couple of months ago.

Apps to try: Candied North Country Farm Bacon is tasty, hot, and has a kick. Too much of a kick, actually. I'm a wimp with spicy foods so it was too much for me. The Lobster Mac-n-cheese was fantastic. It was really difficult to share. Lots of cheddar, lots of lobster, and lots of flavor! Also, the bread they bring out when you arrive is GREAT!

Entrees to try: We only had apps/sides. 

Desserts to try: White Chocolate Malassadas. So.Good. I love malassadas normally, so these were an exciting treat. 

Service: Fantastic. The servers were quick to respond and very friendly.

Establishment: Nice place...very cool. The ambiance was great and so were the furnishings, place settings, etc.

Restroom: Nice! Clean!

Parking: Not sure...we were in Vegas and not driving from location to location.

Stay away from: If you aren't a fan of spicy food, stay clear of the bacon!

Special notes: This is one of Emeril's restaurants!
My experience of Emeril Lagasse's restaurants is that they are generally of a high caliber.  Unlike other celebrity chefs, I do not get the impression that Lagasse is content to rest on his laurels, instead he gives the same quality attention to the menu and quality food that made him famous.  Table 10 does not disappoint.  

We wanted to go to one nicer restaurant while we were in town and this was the consensus choice after perusing menus and prices.  It certainly is a little more on the pricey side, but it is not unreasonable given the quality of the food and service.  I will begin with that: the service was tremendous.  Our waiter was vigilant and took good care of us.  He even honored our check-in deal of a free glass of sangria even though it was slightly after the check in time.  Needless to say, he got a good sized tip.  

My friend and I had the tasting menu which was incredibly reasonable for the price of $45 dollars.  For my first course I had the bacon.  It was perfectly cooked and not too crispy at all.  It was cured but not dripping with sugar as has happened at other places.  Given the sauce it had a bit of a bite which was quite pleasant.  For dinner I had the scallops and they were perfectly cooked with a rich and creamy flavor.  They literally melted in your mouth.  I would recommend it as a main course for anyone; even if you aren't a huge fan of scallops these are well worth it.  Finally, for dessert I had ice cream which was delicious but not necessarily anything to write home about.  

If you're looking for a good meal on the Strip, this place is well worth it.
Make sure your food is hot...fries I got were cold. Went for the Lobster Rolls during Lobster week and my BDay weekend, not that good...need more lobster and less bread and mixture, also $10 bucks for 8 french fries is a little extreme even for Emeril....Me and My wife were not impressed.
I can't believe I waited so long to enjoy a meal here! I came here on Sunday after seeing the huge line at the Grand Lux on Sunday. Apparently they are trying a breakfast buffet which attracted a different vibe than I was going for as I was entertaining my future sister in law... The Vibe at table 10 was perfect! Quiet enough to have a conversation and still considered a casual lunch. 

Service: Absolutely fabulous. I made sure to let the manager know before I left.  My water glass was never half full and the server made sure I was informed on the Sunday menu special. 


Food: Hummus was great! The salad was slightly smaller than I expected, but I was still plenty full by the end of the meal. I recommend adding chicken if you are making a meal of it. 

Dessert: I had tea so it wasn't chocolate cake... but it was great! They have a nice selection of teas. 

They aren't exactly a vegetarian's paradise, but they have plenty of options.
This is one of Emeril's restaurants located at the Palazzo. The food was absolutely amazing! For $45 you can get a 4 course pre-fixe meal which is an incredible deal. Don't bother buying the discounted voucher from tix4tonight because it doesn't work on this special and you will end up paying the same price for one entree as the 4 course special. Since I did buy the voucher, my fiance and I shared the 4 course meal and I also got a salad and truffle mac n cheese. The pre-fixe meal is honestly more than enough for 2 people so I recommend sharing if you're with one other person. The candied bacon, barbecue shrimp and filet mignon were incredible. The spinach salad was also delicious, but I've had beet truffle mac n cheese. Of course, you must try the banana cream pie, it's AMAZING! Even my fiance loved it and he doesn't like bananas. The atmosphere was pretty quiet, great for date night :)
Well I was very impressed with Table 10.  The wife and I went to Vegas for a couple of days at the end of our vacation.  As I was rollin dice at Palazzo I saw a sign for a special 4 course tasting menu at Table 10 for $45.  I know a good deal when I see one so I made a reservation for later that evening.  

I have to admit that a 4 course tasting menu can sometimes not be too filling but I was pleasantly surprised at how large all of the portions were.  I started out with the candied bacon.  Not that I would ever complain about bacon but its kind of like a maple bacon you might get at a lot of places.  The wife got a crab salad which was excellent and had a surprisingly large portion of crab.  For 2nd course, I got a Boston Salad which tasted....... just like a Boston Salad.  The wife went with a beef carpacio.  The carpacio was sliced soooooo thin yet packed such a large amount of flavor..... genius!  For main course I got the Kurobota Pork rack.  It was a huge piece of pork and after I was done I was completely full.  Cooked perfectly as pork can get very dry if overdone.  The wife got scallops which was tasty but maybe the only dish that wasn't a heaping plate of food.  After we were both completely stuffed the waiter asked us what we wanted for desert.  I managed to stuff down maybe half of the banana cream pie I ordered.  Excellent pie and full of banana chunks.  The wife ordered a trio of sorbet and unlike the vast majority of restaurants that give you 2 tiny teaspoons of sorbet Emeril gave us 3 large ice cream scoopers of sorbet!  

Very impressed by this joint.  Would highly recommend.  But I think the 4 course tasting menu was a summer special so it might not be around much longer.
Being a Massachusetts native and having eaten at Emeril's other restaurants in Orlando, Vegas and New Orleans(Commanders Palace when he was there), I wanted to like this place, really I did.  Emeril despite his attempts at upscale dining makes food I usually really like.  His Cajun/Creole offerings are very good, not Paul Prudhomme good, but close.

So we showed up at this place around 9:30pm on a Fri night, place is half empty.  Oh oh, bad sign.  I read the Yelp reviews and understood what I was in for, or at least I thought so.  Another dumb hostess, seriously do they breed these airheads on a sub off the coast?  She says there is a 20 min wait, umm check again we have a reservation and I can see 6 empty tables?!?  So we sit down to wait, 5 mins go by and now she is ready to seat us, at one of the 6 empty tables...nooo.  She marches us into the area in front of the kitchen door, no lie and points to the table.  I don't think so!  I tell bubble brain I don't want to sit in front of the kitchen door and point to the 6 empty tables, requesting one of them.  "We aren't using them tonight, we don't have a waiter for that section"...wtf?

So great, now we are in the traffic pattern. Its too late to go anywhere else on a Fri night except this dump and eat before 11.  Should have gone to Beijing Noodle #9, better food, hotter hostess, no damn kitchen to sit in front of.

Waiter shows up, along with bread, water boy etc and we order.  Wedge salad for me, carppacio for my dining companion.  Both were good, salad slightly over dressed.  I ordered linguine with clams and counterpart ordered diver scallops.  Here's where it falls apart.  Linguine is over cooked, can't anyone in this town cook pasta?  It is a solid ball of gunk, put my fork in it and pick it all up.  I signal the waiter who comes over and I demo.  He looks at me and says I kid you not, "Is there a problem"?  Seriously, he had no idea.  I tell the wunderkind that it is over cooked and he says "Oh".  I would have laughed if I wasn't so incredulous.  So he goes and gets the manager, who at least understands its overcooked.  So back it goes, I eat bread and wait and wait and seriously it takes 7 mins to cook pasta, less if its fresh are they farming new clams?
About 15 mins later I get another dish of linguine and clams, but get this, they used the same clams.  Including the one that didnt open the first time they cooked it!  The diver scallops were ok, nothing great.  Dessert was a weird flourless chocolate cake that I have had before elsewhere, but this one was tasteless.  Not a hint of chocolate, kept thinking nah its got to be me, but dining companion agreed.  How do you make a chocolate cake that is tasteless??
Where else on the Strip are you going to find a four course dinner fresh made for you dinner that might include COLORADO FILET MIGNON for only $45.00?

Table Ten is running a special summer menu where you can pick from many items of the regular menu and create your own four course menu for $45.00.

I didn't want to eat the rolls but they were piping hot and fresh with steam coming out so I couldn't resist.

I started with a salad made with fresh marinated artichokes arugula and fresh mozzarella. The balsamic dressing stood out to me and seemed very high end.

Whisper thin maybe 50/50 pasta (semolina and flour combo) with bite to it carefully made raviolis were stuffed with tasty mushrooms in a thin but creamy butter laced sauce.

I wasn't expecting a full sized Filet but received a delicious one with a tasty seasoned crust cooked a perfect medium rare. The supporting spinach was fresh and seasoned just right with garlic, salt and pepper. The red wine sauce wasn't necessary since the steak was very good on its own but completed the plate.

I never had a Banana Cream pie before and always thought I wouldn't like it because I imagined Jello Banana pudding but when you get an Emeril's Banana Cream pie you get banana's on steroids. It's mostly ripe fresh bananas adorned with the best accompaniments.  Just right amounts of caramel, fresh REAL whipped cream and chocolate shavings.

Everything including service exceeded my expectations.

BAM you did it again!
This review is for drinks only! My stepmom wanted to come here yesterday afternoon because she loves their sangria, so we all decided to drive over to get some drinks.

We arrived 10 minutes before happy hour, but the awesome bartender gave us happy hour prices anyway. We ended up ordering ten drinks over about two hours (there were five of us) and the bill was only $70. 

I tried the white sangria, red sangria, and the mojito. WOW. The white sangria was very refreshing, very peachy. Loved it. The red was quite tasty but a little strong on the red wine taste for me.

The mojito? AMAZING!!! Best mojito I have ever had! They infuse their rum with pineapple and basil, then muddle the mint with simple syrup, seriously fantastic. I had two of those. I could have had more, but I was pretty buzzed ;)

Four stars only because this is a restaurant and I did not try the food. But when in Vegas again, I will definitely make dinner reservations here. If the food sucks, at least I will have the mojitos to fall back on!

Oh yeah, really pretty, super clean bathrooms!
Terrible Service!! Takes approx 2 hours to eat a meal there
Service is so sloooooooow!
Heard this place was Emeril's restaurant and instantly had high expectations, but I'll admit this is not the best way to approach Table 10. 

Located inside the Palazzo, my party and I arrived at a pretty empty restaurant. Bad sign? Anyways, our server (don't remember his name) was super awesome from beginning to end so 5 stars to him! As for the food, I was expecting more! It was good, but it didn't wow me! 

I did love the... 
- Gumbo 
- BBQ shrimp (best entree that night) 
- Biscuits 

I didn't love... 
- Seafood linguine 
- Scallops 
- Malasadas 

I think my okay experience was due to my food choices. Hoping to give Emeril a 2nd chance!
One observation that can be made about Emeril restaurants is how solid they are. I have yet to experience an unsatisfactory meal at one of his places. It is not over the top or grandiose, but always enjoyable.

We came here for Fall Restaurant Week 2013. I was not expecting to be as full as I was, but left stuffed. I started my meal with the BBQ shrimp. Three beautiful pieces in a Creole spice based sauce. Each one cooked to a perfect consistency. The rosemary biscuit was flaky, but on the salty side. With the seasoning and the shrimp, it got to be too much. Next came the scallops. They had the perfect sear on them. I loved the pairing with grapes, almonds and a parsnip puree that enhanced the natural sweetness of the shellfish. To finish off, we got to choose any one of their desserts. I got to taste the tiramisu, his famous banana cream pie, and the almond cake. The latter was definitely the winner of the night. It was light, spongy and soaked up all the flavors well. I could have eaten this for all three courses.
OMG the China Ranch Dates during happy hour are the best thing I've ever had!!!

I have been in Vegas all week and "started" each day with these!

Yum!
I was really disappointed.  I read the reviews and was really excited to go here.  I got the special, which was the quail and butternut squash gnocchi.  My husband got the lamb shank with mushroom risotto. 

My quail was super dry and the gnocchi was nothing to write home about. My husbands whole dish was very bland.

The service was great, which is why I gave them 1 star.

Sorry Emeril, I really wanted to enjoy this!
We had a fantastic dinner.  The gumbo appetizer was delicious.  The flounder and bone in fillet was exceptional.  The service was superb.
Pregnant hostess and Bartender were not the friendliest. Maybe that is why they are pretty dead for lunch.

That said, the Mojitos were great. The fried smelts and srachacha wings were top notch as was the arugula and lady apple salads. 

The sandwiches and entrees looked great and seemed priced reasonably for lunch.  If service had been friendlier, i may have been back.
This place was dead when we arrived.  Nothing changed in the 2 hours or so that we were there.  We had the tasting menu and it was good but not great.  The service was good but slow beyond words.  We asked to pack our dessert and take it back to the room because we were getting tired of sitting there for so long.  With so many culinary options in Vegas, Table 10 needs to step up it's game!
When you come up the escalator and approach the host stand, I don't know what it is, but the incredible smell that comes out of table 10 is insane. 
Excellent service, prompt, thorough, courteous without being cheesy at all. Very professional. 
I had the scallops. Perfect. 4 plump scallops paired with Spanish almonds, grapes, and capers. A very small plate for ~$40, but the best scallops I have ever had. Makes you enjoy every bite. 
Hush puppies are a guilty pleasure. 2 of 3 were chewy. 1 of 3 over salted. Disappointing. 
Tiramisu was excellent. Fresh, balanced with salty pistachio brittle. 
Open kitchen concept which is always entertaining. Very Vegas. 
Overall, excellent service, mostly tasty food.
Solid food, solid service and solid wine list. Do yourself a favor and order the king crab legs and rib-eye steak. 11 out of 12 of us ordered it and we were all glad we did.  

They accommodated our group of 12 on their semi-private indoor patio at a giant round table, and believe me when I tell you, a large round table is hard to find in Vegas. This is yet another great restaurant in Vegas that must be experienced. Cheers
Came here for lunch with my husband. At the time there was a check in for a free sangria so I chose their white one. It was slightly watered down but overall sweet and refreshing. I got the bbq shrimp for my appetizer and it was really good. Very flavorful, a good portion, and I loved the rosemary biscuit. For my entree I had the mac and cheese and that was unfortunately a bit disappointing. In my opinion it didn't have enough of a good crust at the top and I wish it had been stronger in the truffle flavor. My husband got the pork po boy and it was only okay. Overall good, but we expected a bit more being an Emeril restaurant.
If the ambience were better this would be a 3.5 star review.  You're essentially sitting in a mall, whether you're sitting in the "outdoor" indoor space, or "inside the gates".

The service was attentive and friendly.

The boston lettuce salad with chive buttermilk dressing was good -- although, ironically (for all the bitching Emeril does on Top Chef about lack of seasoning) there was virtually no seasoning in the dressing or on the salad.  After adding salt and pepper, it was a lovely salad with heirloom radishes and bacon ... although there could have been more of both.

My husband very much enjoyed his margarita pizza.  Great crust and flavorful and fresh tomato sauce with quality cheese.

The chicken and andouille sausage gumbo was the best I've had (I have not been to NOLA).  The rice was perfectly cooked and a perfect amount of it.  The "gravy" was dark brown, spicy, and had a perfect medium body texture to it.  Yum ... I'd eat that every day!

I'd say to skip the banana cream pie -- too many thick sliced bananas, cream was too thick, and whipped cream on top was flavorless.  Can't hold a candle to Tom Douglas's coconut cream pie ... now, THAT is a cream pie!
We loved this place and ate there twice for lunch and dinner when we stayed at the Palazzo for a week. We were a little annoyed that our table (that had been reserved) wasn't ready upon our arrival...but were won over by the top notch serving team and food.  We especially loved the PEI mussels.  BRAVO
Two second Review: Grabbed a quick bite here for lunch (only because there was no line). I had a half of salad and half of pizza - I was not impressed by either of them. I heard this restaurant is very good, so I am going to chalk it up to the items I ordered.
Cold bread and frozen butter, do the math on that one.  Ask for house wine got something red that tasted like peppermint flavored wine.  I think I orders the Bison. The reason I think I ordered the Bison is because it was so bad that I am still trying to forget it and thought it would help to write about it.  I can't get over how a restaurant will serve cold bread and frozen butter.
A business colleague and I decided to try Emerils Table 10 in the Palazzo Hotel. We where promptly seated at the time of our reservation and our waitress was fairly familiar with the menu but was not very engaging or in my opinion friendly. We selected several appetizers that included EMERIL'S SIGNATURE New Orleans style BBQ SHRIMP
And CANDIED NORTH COUNTRY FARM BACON with Noble Tonic #1 both where awesome and I highly recommend for the main entree I had SEARED SEA SCALLOPS with grapes - marcona almonds - capers - parsnip puree - chervil it was delicious we split a side of Lobster Mac and Cheese which was to die for. All in all it was a pleasurable dinning experience and would recommend
Finally had a chance to try some food here!

My boyfriend and I met up with some of my family and their friends for appetizers. They were having dinner, but we didn't have time for a full meal.

He ordered the Margherita Pizza appetizer and I had the Mushroom Ravioli appetizer. Both of these portions were big enough that it was like a full meal. His pizza was great, fresh flavors, nice crust. My ravioli was awesome! Very creamy, richly flavored, lots of leeks and mushrooms. Loved it.

I was able to try a bite of the Truffled Lobster Macaroni and the Bolognese Pasta - both were phenomenal. 

Of course, I had to have a couple Mojitos, and they were just as good as last time! I talked to everybody who had a complete dinner here the next day and they all loved it. We will definitely dine here again in the future.
Came for happy hour after wondering around for a while. Very nice restaurant! Love when you can see into the kitchen and the wine rack is HUGE!
We started off with red and white sangria. Both were VERY tasty! I couldn't resist and ordered 2!

For food we ordered lobster mac & cheese, bbq shrimp, popcorn shrimp, a andouille link platter, and Emeril's gumbo! 
The dish that stood out the most was most definitely the lobster mac! My, my, my!!!! We were supposed to be sharing it but I couldn't resist hogging it like my own lol! Full of lobster chunks and delicious cheesy penne noodles! Crazy thing is I didn't even order it lol! I ordered the least favorable dish, the gumbo! I was kinda surprised it wasn't better but it wasn't bad either. I expected a bit more flavor and maybe a little kick in the spice department.

The popcorn shrimp were actually a good size. Crispy, fried shrimp, served with a delicious mustard! There was more than enough to share amongst 3 people but I ended up scarfing that down as well lol! 
The bbq shrimp were tasty but not knock your socks off amazing. They were 3 large battered shrimp in a semi sweet bbq sauce.

The andouille platter surprised me! Im not a huge fan of sausage on its own but this was delicious! It was accompanied by a creole mustard, bread, and SUPER tangy/sweet pickles. Definitely worth $9 to try!

The appetizer portions are worth the money, drinks are delicious, and service was great! I can't wait to return to Vegas!
Almost two years later and still just as good. I couldn't resist trying the lamb shank again and I was just as impressed as I was the first time.

We switched up the apps this go-round and I'm happy to say the hush puppies and bone marrow were absolutely delicious!  

Table 10 is a solid establishment - easy location and stellar food. Winner.
I finally have some time to write my review for Table 10. Over the summer I was able to attend a bachelorette in Vegas and the beautiful bride to be, some pretty ladies and myself had reservations here for dinner before going out to get into some trouble, I mean, have some fun. I decided to share my plate with one of the maids of honors. We ordered the:

-Sake Braised Beef Short Ribs $35
The meat was tender and cooked to perfection. The short ribs were soooo tender that they were fall off the fork soft. The glaze over the short ribs was delicious and very savory. The plate comes with sweet potato puree which surprisingly wasn't too sweet for my taste and it had a few roasted garlics on the side which we all truly loved and didn't regret eating when we got to the club haha. The plate was big enough for myself and another girl to share without feeling too full or still hungry after the meal. I swear, the roasted garlic here is truly delicious and one of the best I've had. 

-Truffle mac and cheese $11
The truffle was good, I wish it was a bit more truffle-y though. The mac and cheese was still good though. Creamy, cheesy and a perfect side dish to add to the short ribs. You must try it.

Our waiter was really nice and even brought the bride to be a dessert to congratulate her on her future marriage. He made us laugh a few times when we were joking about the check and was really sweet when making sure we all were satisfied with our meals. Needless to say, it was a great experience and a great way to start a celebration that weekend.
Mood: Quiet, dark, cozy. But you are kinda looking out to mall-like atmosphere.
Service: Very good.
Food: Good to very good.  With so many wonderful dining choices, this didn't grab me and make me want to come back.
Prices: We had the price fix, nice choices, portions small and meant for one person I am sure.
Poor choice of beers, wine choice comparable to most in Vegas top dining.
2 people--1beer -2 wines --one 'extra salad and desert =$120 with tip.

I don't  know about everyone else, but I am really tired of every 'dinner for 2' racking up a tag over $100.  I am always searching for good, reasonable priced places that want local customers to be happy and come back.
Had Christmas dinner here and it was pretty good.  First the bad.  I hated the fact we sat by the kitchen so I smelled like food afterwards.  The womans bathrooms were disgusting.  No toilet paper and feminine products on the toilet, i had to complain to our server, thats just disgusting!!!  Server was aloof not on top of things unlike the runner.  The rolls were like store bought.  The 4 course for $45 is great.  Plenty of choices.  BBQ shrimp is a must, the sauce is divine.  Crab legs were meaty.  Lobster mac and cheese is worth the price with big pieces of lobster, rich.  Malsadas werent great but tiramisu was amazing.  6 people with 5 drinks was over $400.  The food was good but not really fine dining with dirty bathrooms and slow service.  We saw what seemed to be the manager but not personable at all.  Didn't check up on us as I would think for a special Christmas dinner.  It's in the Palazzo shopping center.
We went here during our last Vegas trip. I'm from the South so the idea of a Cajun theme appealed to me. I ordered the sea scallops and a side of sauteed lobster, both of which were excellent. I did not order a side and regretted that since I feasted on seafood alone. The presentation of the scallops was excellent. 

My fiance got the chicken. It did not look appetizing at all. It looked like an underfed chicken sprawled across veggies. He did not enjoy it as much as I enjoyed mine. I guess that may be what you get for ordering "chicken" but I think chicken at chain restaurants is more appetizing so I would expect more from this establishment. 

For dessert, I had the milk chocolate mousse cake. It was rich and divine!

This restaurant is very good, but if you are new to Vegas, I might recommend another option for more bang for your buck.
After the experience of eating at Lagasse Stadium, I was a little worried about eating at another Emeril establishment.

We came for lunch. I pre ordered the rib steak the day before since they do not regularly serve it for lunch. And it was with it. Cooked perfectly, and great flavor. The truffle mac and cheese was fantastic as well.

I would come back.

Only a 4 star rating since it does seem like eating in a mall.
Service was horrible, the waiter didn't seem like he was interested in even being there. When we asked for suggestions he was not very helpful and right as we were going to ask something else, he had already left. Didn't come back for 10 minutes....

The food was OK. The BBQ shrimp left a lot to be desired. The Mac and cheese, truffle was ok, a bit watery for my taste. I expected a lot more from an Emeril establishment.

In a word, disappointing....
Last year, we came to Table 10. We were so happy and satisfied that we came back this year. 

We both got the winter prix fixe menu. $45 for 4 courses. The first 3 courses are slightly smaller than the regular plates, but the dessert is in regular size. There were definitely more than enough food. We were so stuffed. 

For the 1st course, I had lady apple salad. It was ok. Just tons of apples, some arugula and a slice of cheese. My husband got the CHICKEN & ANDOUILLE SAUSAGE GUMBO. Intense flavors. It was pretty good. 

For 2nd course, I got MUSHROOM RAVIOLI. Earthy, umami and creamy. That sauce was so delicious. My husband had EMERIL'S NEW ORLEANS BBQ SHRIMP. It was the BEST dish of the night. Perfectly cooked shrimps. So flavorful! We soaked up all the BBQ sauce with the biscuit and bread rolls. Highly recommended! 

I ordered the ANGUS SHORT RIB for main course. Unlike most braised short rib. This one was very juicy. I love that charred cauliflower puree too. Amazing. Husband got the bolognese pasta. It was fine. Light. The pasta was al dente which I like. But it is still a bolognese pasta after all. 

Dessert! Berry Cobbler & EMERIL'S BANANA CREAM PIE. The cobbler was light and tasty. We like it. But nothing can stand close to the banana cream pie! Flaky crust, tons of banana, sweet caramel sauce and chocolate shaving. Great combination. Delicious! 

No doubt we will back when we are in town. Emeril, you didn't disappoint! I love your food!
Where do I start? Much like everything in Vegas this place is artificial. By artificial i mean the wait time. You walk up to an empty host stand with 5 open tables in plain view and they tell you there is a 25 min wait?

Once you "check back in" in 5 mins(they give no buzzer) a table miraculously is open.  Either they don't have enough wait staff at lunch or they are trying to act like they are a "hot spot." I watched them pull the same move on the couple behind us

The gumbo was flavorless.

Peace
Table 10 is always a must go when in Vegas. If I can't get dinner (LOVE the truffle mac and cheese! Cheesy heaven! Also perfect scallops.) I will always stop by for happy hour. I love that Table 10 has a fab wine list and great pricing for happy hour. It a perk that the bartenders and servers are knowledgeable about their wine. Beer and spirits are also quite reasonable at happy hour. 

I personally love the location of Table 10- away from the casino floor. Nothing better than a fine wine, great meal and "Ding, Ding, Ding!!! Winner!!!" Huge bonus in my book that Table 10 is located away from that headache.

It's worth checking out- if not for a great meal, a great drink.
We go to Vegas often and explore restaurants, Table 10 is now a new standard destination! The food is Amazing!! The tasting menu was the best and to top it off it was very affordable. I cannot say enough about this place. We have dined at all of Emeril's and they are all great, and  this one did not let us down. It is causal, and excellent! 
* DON'T miss happy hour and the goodies on that menu either!!!

Thank you to the staff and see you again in a few months!
I liked the food ok. There are so many places in Vegas that are mindblowing, so maybe my standards were too high at this point, but I found Table 10 to be a little overrated. None of the food really jumped out at me flavor wise and the servers all seemed to have such low energy. Actually the best thing I had there was a cocktail. They have a great whiskey cocktail menu. That was one of the best drinks I've ever had. They seemed grumpy and lethargic. I would give this place another chance, but only if people I know wanted to go. There are so many other places to try in Vegas after all.
Very disappointed, the food was not at all what I expected, tasteless and small portions. Service was just ok.. not the best. I do not recommend eating here especially when there are so many great choices in Vegas.
In my opinion, this is a better lunch place than dinner. That being said, the Mac n cheese and gumbo are amazing. Most every dish I've had here is tasty, an the free bread is quite fantastic!
I enjoyed my meal at table 10. Found this restaurant by accident during a shopping trip.  Had the gumbo for appetizer and the grilled chicken BLT sandwich. Both were good. I must say the Gumbo wasn't that flavorful though. It was good not great. I wish the gumbo had more Cajun seasoning.

Service was GREAT. The waitress was so professional and hospitable. She knew the menu well. I was impressed.
on Feb 12, 2014 I was going to Sushi Samba....but it was very noisy so I saw Table 10 next door and decided to forgo Sushi for Emeril's place. I will be short with my review: Food was 10/10, Service was 10/10, Value was 10/10. Note, I ended up doing the 4 course for 45 and I thought everything was delicious, Fresh, and the atmosphere was perfect.....not too loud, not boring just a nice place and I will go back.
Very low key location in the Palazzo Hotel near sushi samba. Owned by Emeril I expected something great but very so-so. Gumbo with chicken and sausage was fatty and pretty bland. Shrimp with bbq glaze very salty. Service very polite but somewhat overpowering. Short ribs with kale. Kale again over salted but short ribs were really good. It all ended abruptly with a waitress handing over the check before we had a chance to finish the berry cobbler (which was so-so). Overall not recommended.
Recently tried Table 10. Pretty good! 
I have been to several of Emeril's Restaurants and this one is worthy of bearing his name. I've even been lucky enough to have him fix me something special when he was at Commander's Palace. That was a treat. Back to Table 10.
Walking in, I felt like I was back in N'awlins. The decor is clean, classy and welcoming.
Service is spectacular! Attentive, polite, knowledgable, friendly. It doesn't get much better.
On to the food.
Roasted Beef Marrow Bones were decadent, luxurious, mouth watering. Perfection.
Chicken & Andouille Sausage Gumbo was awesome! An authentic Big Easy soup.
Emeril's NOLA BBQ Shrimp were okay. A bit over cooked. 
Croque Madame was fantastic. Flavorful ham, eggs cooked perfectly. No brown edges, yolks thick and rich. So good... My mouth is watering.
Pork PoBoy was really tender, juicy, flavorful.
Truffle Mac N Cheese was really good. A bit watery, but that didn't stop me!

My biggest thrill was the fact they serve Abita Beer and had Crystal Hot Sauce!!!!

Only thing missing was Bread Pudding. Com'on Emeril, It's a New Orleans based restaurant. Where  da bread puddin at?

If they would have had it, five stars.
I adore Table 10.  We're local, and love to try new places on the strip.  We keep coming back because both the service and food are consistently great.  We've tried a lot of things...wings, gumbo, marrow, BBQ shrimp, filet, pork....and it's all excellent.  And the pie...oh the pie.  This is a hidden gem that I consistently recommend.
I was excited to try Table 10 after reading their menu on the Las Vegas Restaurant Week website (http://www.helpoutdineoutlv.org). Unfortunately, when we got there, it was the old "bait and switch."

The waiter informed us that the menu we read was posted incorrectly. So instead of discussing what I THOUGHT I was going to have (grilled octopus salad, a lobster roll, and Emeril's banana cream pie), I will write about what I actually ate.

My husband ordered off the "new" Restaurant Week menu, which for him was a bibb lettuce salad, a hamburger, and (thankfully) the banana cream pie (for $30.14). I was not impressed with the other Restaurant Week selections, so I ordered off the regular menu. The daily specials included parsnip soup ($9) and a pork loin sandwich on ciabatta bread ($16), so I took a chance. Although the soup was great, I'm not sure it was $9 great, and the bread for my sandwich was dry and unappealing. We both got fries with our entrees, and they were nothing to write home about either. Luckily, the pie was exactly what we wanted -- and it was the whole reason we came to Table 10 in the first place. (We've had Emeril's banana cream pie before at Delmonico, and it is worth the trip any place it is served!)

Our waiter was friendly and our $45 bottle of Benton Lane Pinot Gris was great, but I'm still craving the meal I thought I was going to have. My advice: If you're going to visit a place for Restaurant Week based on their online menu, be sure to call ahead to make sure that's what they will actually be serving. (I am a HUGE supporter of this event, but I've been burned like this a few times before. Never again.)

And one last note: The Palazzo self-parking lot is CRAZY! Although there were plenty of spaces to park in, there are also plenty of exit signs that lead you in a round robin around your level. GET ME OUT ALREADY!
We love this place! A couple of tops: sit at the chef's bar.  It's so much fun.  You get to see everything going on in the kitchen.  Second, the truffle mac and cheese is delicious.  White cheese sauce, the pasta is al dente, and the crumb topping is perfection.  You can make a meal of this.  One last tip, try the malassades.  Little cinnamon sugar donuts with an amazing custard filling.  Yep, the calories are worth it!
Shortly after I posted my initial Yelp review, I received an email from the restaurant noting my concerns. They promptly changed their menu on the Restaurant Week website, and I applaud their great customer service!

Although I initially gave them 3 stars, they've moved up a step in my book. Thank you, Table 10, for respecting your diners!
Another Emeril restaurant, about what you would expect. Rolls were slightly scorched and fairly tasteless. For appetizers, I had tartare, which was excellent, served traditionally with quail egg, and normal garnish. My wife had blue point oysters, which would have been good, but whoever shucked them drained all their natural juice off, losing most of their flavor. 

For main course, I had duck which was good but ordinary, moist but not a lot of flavor. My wife had linguini with Manila clams and broccolini with chili flakes and white wine, which was very nice. 

Prices for what we received were a  bit steep, but given the area not unexpected.
*** Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2014 menu ***

Table 10 only offers a lunch option during Restaurant Week but this is a good way to try a place.  For the first course, I went with the chicken and Andouille sausage gumbo.  This is Emeril's place so why go with a salad.  The gumbo also had steamed rice in it and my server added freshly ground pepper to my liking.  When I first tasted the gumbo, I thought that it needed something more to kick it up a notch.  I almost asked for some hot sauce but I thought that might be like asking for a salt shaker at Joël Robuchon.  As I ate the gumbo, the spiciness started to kick in.  The spice was there.  It showed itself fully as you ate more of the gumbo.

For the main course, I chose the the pea tortellini.  This menu describes it as sweet pea tortellini with handmade pasta, pea shoots, Romano cheese, mascarpone and lemon oil.  It was really a flavorful dish and just the right amount for lunch considering dessert was yet to come.

For dessert, you can choose any of the desserts on the menu.  I went with the specialty of the house, the banana cream pie.  It was excellent.  A tall slice of goodness with layers of large, whole chucks of banana with seams of cream.  It's like a block wall of banana with cream holding the blocks in place.  It was excellent!

Service was good.  There weren't a whole lot of people here, but it appeared like one server was covering the lunch crowd except for the people sitting at the bar.

A solid Restaurant Week selection!
Was so excited to go here for restaurant week for lunch. I had to start with a Ginger Peach Martini delicious cocktail and cheese plate.The menu on line was different than the one in the restaurant. I had there Chicken and Andouille gumbo bland not how its done down south. Then I had the Roger Farm Chicken breast with caramelized Lemon honey, thyme sauce,Sweet Peas, Pee wee potatoes.  Reading it sounds flavorful not so much the chicken cooked prefect no flavor bland no salt could not find honey thyme sauce. Potatoes not all cooked. Peas where great nice and sweet even though they come frozen they tasted like fresh. For dessert had to try four : Banana Cream Pie, Tiramisu, Carrot Cake, White Chocolate Malassadas with raspberry sauce. The Banana Cream Pie was suppose to have cream was full of banana's little cream not balanced. Tiramisu the lady fingers where not soaked long enough the lady fingers where hard. The mascarpone tasted the same as the cream cheese on the carrot cake.  
I will try this again in the future.   
.
Everything started out pretty awesome. The beef cheeks were amazing -- I had to refrain from licking the bowl. Unfortunately, the pork po boy was very pedestrian, which was a huge disappointment from an Emeril restaurant. The sandwich really lacked flavor altogether. And fries that came with it were just fries...perhaps my expectations were a bit high, but for a $30+ for an app & a sandwich (no booze), the bang for the buck was low.  Although, the beef cheeks alone were 5 stars, but the po boy & price really zapped the overall rating. Service was great.
My wife and I went here for our anniversary dinner and had a great time. The lobster mac and cheese was excellent as many of the reviews claimed. Likewise, the bbq shrimp were very delicious as well. They only come with three though, so don't expect to be sharing these. The bbq sauce was almost like a mole sauce. A little dark and caramel colored. Maybe a hint of peanut butter. Not sure, I'm just guessing. It was good though. Nothing bad to say about the fillet. It was perfectly cooked to my liking. Pretty much rare. I had the chicken corn chowder and thought it was pretty good. And for dessert, I had the banana cream pie. That was excellent. Loads of bananas. One recommendation I would say is I wish they had given us a plastic fork in our to-go box. Sadly at 3AM when you want to eat the leftover lobster mac-n-cheese, hotel rooms don't really have forks available. I almost called room service, but I didn't want to be "that guy" who called room service for a fork at 3AM.
I stay at the Palazzo where Table 10 is located so it was very convenient to visit.  But "Meh. I've experienced better" is exactly how I felt about this place.  The salad was "meh", the entree was "meh" and my dessert, some sort of carrot cake was not good...not even "meh"  

I really wanted to like this place but I should have just went to one of the other eating establishments on the property.  I really wanted to like it because is an Emeril place but I just didn't.  My mother didn't eat most of her food. Our male waiter did offer to replace her items with other choices and she refused.   

Oh, I did have some sort of mushroom gnocchi that I did enjoy.  But overall everything was "meh".  Also, we 2 servers.  One was a guy, a cutie, can't remember his name but he was awesome! Very polite, on top of everything and always had a smile.  I hate that I can't remember the name.  The second server, a female was..you guessed it "MEH"
After being in New Orleans recently Emeril's restaurants have impressed me.  So a friend and I tried out Table 10 in the Palazzo.  I must say we were not disappointed.  Fantastic ambiance, very friendly service, and the food was fantastic!!

I had the halibut simply prepared.  It was extremely fresh and I was quite impressed.  My friend had the beef short rib and could not stop raving.  I also have to mention that my friend is the farthest thing from a foodie.  He could care less about what hes having and rarely comments on the quality.  

One of the highlights was the bread served prior to the meal.  Apparently it is bread from the Parker Brothers Bakery in Boston?  I have never heard of them but again for such a simple ingredient it added a great element to the meal and experience.

Our server(s) were extremely polite and helpful.  This may be my new favorite spot in Vegas taking over for B&B which has held that rank for me for the past 5 or so years.  For me that is a big step.

I highly recommend you try Table 10
The food and service is amazing! Table 10 has become one of our favorite restaurants!
Not a fun time!

The service started off bumpy, there was a little wait which wasn't too bad. The host offered to give me a call when the table was ready. After getting the call and heading back to be seated - I was ignored from the same host and manager-like guy in a suit. Finally had to ask if they were ready for me or not, the host tells me to hold on and continues to seat 2 parties behind me. At this point, I'm getting frustrated and finally ask the manager-like guy to be seated, he brushes off my frustration and seats me closest to the front entrance - not the best spot for sure... seriously.

My server and her partner were pleasant and attentive, which made me reconsider staying versus leaving for a different restaurant. I order the "Tasting Menu", not a bad price for the options and portion sizes.  I ordered the Halibut, which is nicely presented on fennel spiced veggies - BUT half way into the filet... I smell an extremely strong ammonia odor. The first few bites were fine, maybe because the fennel spices are a bit powerful. But once I got to the thickest part of the fish, I had to stop dead in my tracks. Horrible!!!!

The manager-like guys comes over to check in on me and I tell him about the fish. He asks if I'd like to replace it and I tell him that I really wanted the fish - but was worried that the next filet might have the same ammonia smell. He says "we don't treat the fish, so maybe it will". WOW... Really? He offers another entrée and I settle for the Short Rib... it was pretty good.

Now I'm interested in why my dinner smelled like Windex, so while waiting for the Short Rib... I Google it. And I find that the smell of ammonia is an indicator of decaying, rotting fish. No way!!! I just ate half of a rotted piece of Halibut. After 2 bites of the Short Rib, I'm totally done with Table 10.

The overall service, quality of food and experience - not really worth it. There are tons of other options in Restaurant Row... better service and food for sure.
Amazing! The spring tasting was just phenomenal! So much so we canx our Gordon Ramsey Steak reservation to go back here again this week! Great service, better food, wonderful experience!!!
Amazing staff and service, the food is pretty good, and the drinks are to die for. I would recommend getting the mojito!! That's my favorite drink! I also love to eat the candied bacon, it has a spice kick to it. The grisini is also good. The beef cheeks are soooooo good!!!! It just falls apart and melt in your mouth. BBQ shrimp is huge and it's really good. All in all, I love this place. Always come back to have a drink and eat small plates!
I ate here for lunch and I was first person to arrive.  I had the Boston  salad which said it came with Boston lettuce, bacon, chive buttermilk ranch dressing and heirloom radishes. I got excited because I love radishes and had never heard of "heirloom" radishes alas it was misprint on menu because salad came with tomato instead of radishes! Lol salad was good and way too big. 
For my entree had the gnocchi which was excellent. The mushrooms were the best I ever had. I asked waiter what kind they were because on menu it just said spring.   
Waiter looked at my plate and said "well looks like maybe a portobello. The chef just throws in whatever is fresh." So I guess I will never know what the best mushrooms I have ever had truly are! Lol
Delicious dates wrapped with bacon! I love their dessert wines selections! I did not like the BBQ shrimp. I have been to New Orleans and trust me, this is not like it. I sent it back and got a different and much better shrimp dish. I'm surprised no bread pudding or beignet.
I'm surprised by some of these negative reviews.  My friends and I had a tremendous meal here with great service.  We did not have any entrees, though, and opted for splitting about a dozen apps and side dishes.  The oysters with the cucumber sauce was a real standout as was the sweet pea tortellini.  The bbq shrimp were delicious, the bisque was light and flavorful.  The ricotta gnocchi was a little heavy on the mushrooms, but the hush puppies and mac and cheese were decadent!
Being my first time at one of Emeril's restaurants, I was quite excited. Menu size is not too overwhelming, but I still had a difficult time figuring out what I wanted because a lot of the menu items sounded so appetizing. 

I finally settled for the truffle Mac and cheese. It's more of a side dish, but it was really good. You can really taste the truffle. It's definitely their very own Mac and cheese because I've never had it made that way before anywhere else. 

However, this restaurant deserves four stars for their service. They weren't busy at all, but our waiter was really nice. What he did which will forever be in my memory is that he asked if we wanted to split the check before we even asked him. No one, in my entire life, has ever done that. Kudos to him!! ^_^
Table 10 did not meet my requirements for bomb Louisiana/Mississippi Delta food 

We went because its a Creole and Cajun place and I like that kind of food.  I stuck with the basic at a place like this: shrimp po boy.  A shrimp po boy is the cornerstone oof any legitimate Cajun spot.  Its not the the po boy was horrible just wasnt great. Too basic nothing stood out.  Not enpugh flavor for me.

We ordered the truffle mac since its a favorite of many people who come here.  Unfortunately, I had to compare this one to Boteros and there was no comparison.

On a positive note, Table 10 is not a 1 star, I just did not like the food and the service is a little slow.  I did like the decor, the wine cellar, the bar, so maybe I would have had a better experience If I was here for a drink, but I was here for lunch and it was a duece.
I really would rate this 3.5 stars.  The food was good, not great.  I honestly expected more.  My hamburger and fries were greasy.  I will say the service was very good on my visit however.
Being Emeril's restaurant my husband and I expected it to be pricey but $38 for 4 pieces of scallops!! He ordered the Seared Scallops and took his time eating it, in tiny little bites because otherwise he would have been done eating in 3 minutes and watch me while I eat the rest of mine. I ordered the Creole Roasted duck, I expected it to have a Louisiana twist since it's a 'creole', but it wasn't. Nevertheless the flavor was good. There were three good size pieces of duck, a sausage, green beans, a fried ball of something, maybe a cornbread? So mine was filling, and not bad at all. The Blood Orange margarita was pretty good but I added a little water because it's a little too sour and  I'm such a lightweight. Overall, we had a nice experience.
Bacon wrapped dates. Period. Get them!

I lived in NOLA for almost three years and this place is better than any creole restaurant there. You'll pay for it but you get what you pay for.
I have had better.  The food was average.  For the price I expected more.
Had lunch with my husband yesterday, Great Time! Sat at the bar with Daniel and enjoyed a selection of cocktails, Mango MaiTai is The Bomb! Shrimp was Amazing! Had to get a second order! As well as extra bread for the sauce!  China Ranch Dates were a perfect combo of sweet salt and tang with the blue cheese! The Arugula salad was perfect! Thanks Table 10 for a great lunch!
Went out for an early dinner and was quite disappointed. Started out great with the BBQ shrimps, they were delicious, but the main course , steak frites, did not represent what you would expect from an Emeril restaurant. The steak had far too much fat, almost half the steak, and there were no frites but just some fried potatoes. Maybe this is Emerils interpretation of frites, but I was really disappointed. And for the cappuccino or latte the milk was frothed for about a minute and all that was left from the milk is a burned hot white liquid. Quite pricey and unfortunately not what I expected.
I have been to a few of Emeril's restaurants and I found this one unremarkable.  I kept hearing its "Cajun themed" and having been and lived in New Orleans, I never saw it.  I had filet and lobster.  I did order the gumbo, but outside of that, I have this place unremarkable.  I think there are better steak houses out there and better options with the Palazzo to eat, but for you - it might be worth a try.
Fantastic food!!!!   The staff was perfect with just the right amount of attentiveness. The summer tasting menu was excellent.  Nice ambiance away from the smoke of the casino.
My fiance and I went to Table 10  on our vacation. I was very excited because I'm a HUGE Emril fan!  I used to watch Emril LIVE every morning and he pretty much taught me how to cook.

Anyway, Table 10 blew us out of the water! I had a chicken dish and it is BY FAR the best chicken dish I've ever had the pleasure of eating. My fiance had a Salmon dish and he LOVED it. We ordered two cocktails (ones that were recommended by our waiter) which were amazing as well.  We also had a unique dessert that neither my fiance and I would have ordered before, it was sugar doughnut holes that had filling which you also dipped into a frosting (waiter recommended). We were really surprised by how amazing this dish was because neither of us are huge doughnut fans.

We loved how accommodating and knowledgeable the staff was and the food was so great! Next time we are in Vegas we will 100% be coming back to Table 10.
Another quality meal from Emerile.

Salads - Boston and Caesar were perfectly fresh and very tasty.

Gnocchi with mushrooms was among the best I've had.  Prawns were OK.

The braised short ribs was tender and tasty and the filet was the best tasting meat dish I've had in Vegas this trip.  It was perfectly cooked and had just the right compliment of sauce and accompaniments.

Desserts were fine. 

I subtracted one point because I originally ordered the chicken, but when it looked more like a Cornish Game Hen, I said no.  They were remarkable in their graciousness and delivered up the filet in moments.

Nice wine list.
I've been here several times now but this my first review of Table 10.  We decided to take the family out for brunch to change it up a bit from the usual buffets out there.  The location is great.. being at the end of The Pallazio, you get to wander and enjoy the sights of the Venetian and The Pallazio.  The restaurant is beautifully done with ample seating for all group sizes.  They have tables outside also for those that want to see as well as be seen.

For service, it was well staffed.  We were seated promptly, even with no reservation maybe partly because there were plenty of empty tables?.. Our waiter was very attentive and his assistant was always there to refill our glasses and pick up our dishes.  Love the open kitchen where you can see the dishes being prepared.  

The food was great. Kids had the Croque Madame and Angus Beef Burger and the plates came in full. My lady had the Shrimp Po' Boy and that too looked great and filling.  Also enjoyed their Truffle Mac N Cheese.. Good flavor but a bit on the runny side.. still good. Only gripe was my lobster rolls. They came in looking like sliders.. 3 of them, almost in the same bread as they give in the beginning with about a tablespoon of lobster in each, so it gives the impression that you were shorted on the lobster. It was still good, just wish it had more lobster in it (Boy, do I miss their shrimp toast! That was Yum-ME!!).

Overall, the experience there has always been good.  The food is a good amount and it doesn't set you back far in the wallet.  It's a good change from the regular cafes and buffets and hey, it's from Emeril.. BAM!
I personally only thought this place was a 3-star place (and for it's price tag, that could easily slip) but it's ambiance completely won me over.

Intimate, well-lit but still romantic lighting, the type of chill lounge music that I listen to looping for the one hour that I was there and attractive decor that simply drew my attention. I was alone (quite possibly one of my first times ever eating alone in a sit-down restaurant!) so I had time to peruse over the menu and establishment. I sat at the bar hoping maybe I'll run into someone else waiting for their plane flight to come up. Well, she never spoke to me if she did make it to that bar.

Onto the Happy Hour! Ordered:

Beef Satay - No lie, I thought this dish was going to be horrible. I had it set out in my mind that I was going to hate it. However, I really enjoyed the grilled satay beef skewers. The lowest cut of beef they seemed to have use was chuck, the beef was flavorful and melt in your mouth tender. I normally don't like sriracha but the light satay sauce that came with it blended nicely with the sriracha sauce.

3 oysters: I don't have a thing for raw oysters and while they were not the best that I've ever had, I did not find them unenjoyable. Plus they come with three different types of dipping sauces? Yes, please!

Cheese Plate (3 different kinds of cheeses): I wish there was a description as to what sort of cheese I was given but alas, they were nowhere to be found. Each cheese came with a small pairing piece by it (jam or honey) and complemented the cheeses very well. Something I can sit and slowly enjoy. I was given a piece with the entire rind on the underside, which bothered me because I don't really like the wax. When I pointed it out to my bartender/server, they immediately rectified the issue and brought me a new slice.

No Happy Hour is complete without drinks, of course!  Ordered the house pinot grigio, house pinot noir, aqua fresca and vodka tonic. House wines were surprisingly not as bad as I thought it would be. Aqua Fresca and vodka tonic were perfectly refreshing.

The damage? Less than $50! I ordered so much stuff, the SO thought I went with someone else!

Happy Hour is daily (sat and sun included!) from 4-6PM.

Oh, and yes, service was attentive. My water stayed filled and I was consistently checked up on.

Enjoy!
The restaurant has a great atmosphere but the food has gone down hill recently.  I am all about the Vegas food and will pay the price but here I do not feel it is worth it.  I also don't eat a ton and I felt the portions were pretty small which is saying a lot.  Definitely a better place to go for lunch then dinner.  If you do go be sure to try their maple bacon!
Wife and I each had the 4 course / $45 special. Serving sizes of the apps were slightly reduced, but we still couldn't finish everything, so still plenty of food. And the variety was great, especially for the price. 

Gumbo, BBQ shrimp, bacon, & Cesar salad were as good as any dishes I've had anywhere. Dining at the bar was great as was the service and pace. The peach chicken was juicy & flavorful like dark meat but was a meaty breast -- I never order chicken for a nice dinner out, but this was really good and would recommend. 

Did I mention the roasted bacon appetizer? They use thick and lean cuts, apply brown sugar and cayenne pepper then roast. Served with a maple dipping sauce - really unique and so good. Was a tad on the spicy side but worked for me. 

If there was anything that wasn't a '10', I'd say the skirt steak. It was very good and lean and flavorful but I've had that elsewhere. Since it was 'only' an 8, it really underscored how great the rest of the dishes were. 

Finished with chocolate mousse which was also very good - wife had lemon bar which she said was top notch. 

We may not stay at Venetian next visit to Las Vegas, but we will absolutely come for dinner at Table 10 -- it was great. Emeril came out of New Orleans and his roots and passion for this style of cooking come though 1000% at Table 10.
We were lucky enough to attend during "lobster week" so we had some things that may not be on the regular menu.
We had:
-gumbo (always on the menu)
-corn lobster soup (holy crap....if you EVER get a chance to eat this there, do not pass it up. It was absolutely incredible)
-lobster rolls (they were okay....not typical lobster rolls but they tasted good)
-lobster gnocci. The description was a little deceptive. It's regular gnocci with loster bits sprinkled in at the bottom of the plate. To be fair, the lobster pieces were pretty large and it tasted rich and hearty.

We would try it again but I'd probably opt for Grimaldi's next door. It's a quicker bite and it's more affordable
This is great place for dinner that is low key but has awesome service and very good food. It's a bit pricey but you definitely get what you pay for.

I had my Bachelor Party dinner there and it was easily one of the best service I have ever had. The reservation process was seamless and it was just a nice getaway from the madness known as Las Vegas!

I highly recommend this place and I will be back!
You can be thrown off by the staff, no one here was speaking French.   Very casual low-key joint - full bar which is nice for a neighborhood spot,  the staff is friendly and eager to please- too eager actually.   Prices, very reasonable.

We had to try a catfish po' boy, it was mediocre, fries were decent - and we made the mistake of ordering a non-theme - crispy chicken salad which was nothing to write yelp about.  For dessert we tried the beignets.  They were a definite should miss  - aura of refrigerator which is a  pet peeve of mine.   Cafe' Du Monde where are you when I need you?
 
When we left I saw the shrimp plate -nice sized, fresh and they smelled fantastic.  I think we might have ordered wrong.  It's worth a second try, might pop in one night for a cocktail, shrimp and a side of Jambolaya.  The table next to us were sucking crawfish with a vengeance and they really seemed to be enjoying it.
I should have walked out right after I walked in.  My gut was telling me to leave, but I didn't.... I stuck it out.  Big mistake.

We were the only ones in there at 1pm on a Saturday.. bad sign #1.  I ordered the 1lb of boiled shrimp, "Original" style with rice.  I didn't realize "Original" meant "no flavor and way overcooked".  They were so overcooked they were hard to peel and were served with a chipotle mayonnaise!!  Gross!  The rice was literally Asian rice, with a sprinkle of  "cajun seasoning" on top that tasted exactly like a bowl  of white Asian rice.

My partner had a Jambalaya thing, thickened with corn-starch and had overcooked shrimps as well.  

I would highly recommend avoiding this place.
East meets southwest Louisiana and it was a trainwreck!!!  I read another review on another website that gave this restaurant a glowing recommendation.  Nothing could be further off than that. I came in because I'm from southwest Louisiana and love good spicy crawfish.  What I got was a BIG disappointment. I ordered two pounds of this and when it came out I noticed that instead of being big (like the other review said) they were about the size of my pinky. Then the second disappointment:  I ordered them EXTRA SPICY and they tasted like they had been boiled in day old bathwater. Oh and the ownership is Vietnamese (NOT that I have a problem with Vietnamese...I just don't expect them to know how to cook Cajun and my concerns were validated by the poor excuse for Cajun food that they served!). I love Thai food and I love Vietnamese food...the fact remains that I came to eat Cajun and got slop instead.  I complained that the crawfish weren't spicy at all and the waiter just shrugged his shoulders.  $45.00 later my wife and I left and went to another restaurant to eat because the food we ate there wasn't enough to make up for an appetizer at a REAL restaurant. I was totally put off by this restaurant and will NOT fall for fake posts by obvious POSERS who know nothing about the restaurant or the food they serve. Don't make the mistake I made.  I am totally ticked that I wasted my time, my Saturday night, and my money on this poor excuse for a restaurant.

NEWSFLASH:  A day after eating here I got the worst case of FOOD POISONING that I ever had.  I am sure it was bad crawfish. Some of them tasted rotten. I almost had to go to the hospital and had to take two days off from work to recover!
No, it's probably not authentic Cajun food.  Who cares?  It's Arizona.  The important thing is that the food is great.  I have had many items off the menu, from the po' boys to the quail, and it has all been delicious - and nicely priced.

Occasionally there were times when things were slow or confused when they first opened, but the kinks seem to have been ironed out.  The owners and the wait staff are all friendly, and even greet you by name if you're a regular.

Not to mention I have a bit of a (non-creepy) crush on the waitress.  Just mentioning this to see if she turns red the next time I come in! :)  

All-in-all, a friendly place with good food.  I'm glad to see they've stayed open, and hope that things only get better for them.
I ordered the Jambalaya. Not good, nope, not good at all. It really did seem like it was thickened with corn starch because it had that slightly gummy look. While it could have been something else completely, it was nonetheless odd to see Jambalaya that had that consistency. 

The taste was just not flavorful, especially for the price. When I went, it was lunch time on a weekday and there wasn't any patrons in the restaurant. Throughout the entire meal, only one other couple came to eat. 

Many times while eating it I thought to myself that my Jambalaya recipe I've made at home was better. When I think to myself I can make something better at home, that's not a good sign, because I'm more of a recipe follower than fly-by-the-seat-of-you-pants cook.
Had a coupon, decided to give it a try.

First impressions- small, not surprising given its location in a strip mall. The decor is a little cheesy, the space taken up by nautical motif could be used to un-cramp the seating. 

I was surprised by the use of sturdy granite table tops as I was expecting a basic melamine covered MDF. The floors and tables were nice and clean, and the air not odiferous - a feat for a small place.

When we sat down there were only a couple other diners, but by the time we got our appetizers the place had filled and a New Orleans style jazz band had started playing. This was a pleasant surprise as we believed we would spend our meal having to listen to the drone of sports casters from the wall mounted plasmas.

As a bonus, the band was pretty good. If you are hearing sensitive though you'll need earplugs - the place *is* small.

Ok on to the food. Much lower pricing than I anticipated, but the portions reflect the pricing. The watchword for the bulk of the menu items is - fried. That said, nothing we ate was greasy.

Appetizers - crab cakes, Cajun wings, fried zucchini. All of acceptable quality, not greasy, salty, or embellished with unnecessary spices or sauce.

Sides - "Cajun" fries, red potatoes, corn on the cob, red beans & rice. The fries were obviously the frozen-out-of-a-bag sprayed-with-batter-to-make-crunchy variety. Meh. The corn on the cob was also meh.

The red beans & rice was a soup. Not what I was expecting at all. Other times I've ordered this dish I usually get something resembling a risotto. This was watery with beans, rice, green peppers, 3 small pieces of sausage, and green stuff which may have been okra. Not very flavorful, but it had an after bite and the more you ate the spicier it got. Needs improvement.

Mains - double crunch chicken, battered cod, breaded catfish, breaded popcorn shrimp. None of it was bad tasting, but none of it wowed either. Bland, which is probably targeting the older clientele which appeared to make up most of the crowd. I was told that you can have the spice factor turned up if you desire. Just remember the starting spice level for this place is bland. Not that the food was tasteless, it was just bland.

Dessert - Bananas Foster bites, this was surprising. Little deep fried nuggets of banana/rum compound served atop vanilla ice cream covered in whipped cream and drizzles with chocolate. NOT Bananas Foster - but *really* tasty in it's own right. The bowl was left quite clean.

Overall not bad. Fairly inexpensive. Good polite service. We'll very likely be back to try it again.
I passed this place on my way home today...and forgot I had eaten there when hubby and I first moved to this area of Mesa.

I remembered I never wrote about it on yelp. Hah! Good thing I remembered to now.

It was all right. They seemed to be out of practically anything we asked about..right down to the french fries. I didn't know what to make of it.

Portions were ok. Hubby got the jambalaya. Not good. I'm surprised they've managed to stay open. It's been so dead when I've passed - lunch, dinner and late into the night.

There is something about that place that lacks in originality and flavor. I'm not a big fan of Creole food, but I kept thinking that this wasn't the place to get an authentic plate of it.

I'd pass and find another seafood restaurant...I know there's a Red Lobster on Alma School. Yea, I went there and threw Cajun Seafood Corner under the bus. They deserved it.
Came here on a recomendation. Food isn't bad unless you are expecting authentic Cajun food. Jambalaya had a layer of oil floating, the fried catfish was overcooked and thin.  Overall disappointing. 
Reminds me a little of the tryouts on American Idol where the people think they can sing but they can't.  
Don't get me wrong, the food is ok, but this is hardly fresh and authentic.
I highly recommend this place for the clams and the cajun fettucini. Yummy!!! They have good happy hour also.
Casual place with friendly and attentive staff. Asking the staff to speak Cajun French is asking too much, come on previous reviewer! 
Happy Hour afternoons is the time to go for the good prices on appetizers and beers, and this is when I ended up going, twice so far. 
Everything I've had and sampled from friends' plates was delicious, but I will say that the crawfish etouffe that I ordered needs more complex flavor and about 20% more crawfish in it. The price is fair, that other big fancy place (angry review forthcoming) charges $20, Cajun Seafood Corner charges $9.99. I understand the value crawfish tails have, but I was looking forward to more of them in my etouffe. Overall though, a pleasing price for such a dish and it was VERY edible! I cleaned my plate.
The jambalaya was kinda plain but still delicious. The andouille sausage was spot on. They do have boiled crawfish by the boatload, and also have some good appetizers, but they're all battered and fried.
I think the best way to experience the alligator and catfish is to have them in the sandwiches which look pretty packed. The fried alligator is succulent and delicious especially with the chipotle mayo, but the batter is overwhelming. As with any battered and fried app, take away the batter and the pieces are small - the batter contributes a deceiving amount of volume and detracts from the perceived value.
They do have wings, but they're by the HALF dozen, which is disappointing from a volume and value perspective since I'm a wings freak and picky about my wings. I didn't order them and never will until a dozen is offered at a decent happy hour price. I think a lot of people will expect this too.
The frog legs were totally yummy! Sure wish there were more on the plate. Again, I was looking for more volume for the price.
Overall, I like this place and will definitely return and the happy hour prices are what make it better.
I would REALLY like to see this place give Pappadeaux a run for their money and I KNOW they can do it with a few more locations that give good value. One doesn't need fancy linens, high prices and high dollar inattentive waitstaff to serve me Cajun food, that's not what it's about, is it? NO WAY! Come to CSC for a full belly and a sigh of satisfaction.
Have been to here twice now. The name of the restaurant kind of explains it. 

This is a great, last minute decision kind of place. When you are looking for a quick, fried food or fish fix. A small corner place in a strip mall. It offers a variety of fried foods, seafood and Cajun. 

They have a pretty good appetizer menu at pretty good prices. Also selection of fish baskets and various fried foods. Have not made it to any of the pasta dishes, probably never will. This is a last minute type of place when you are needing a fix of fried fish type of food... 

Last visit, the wife and I stopped by for quick appetizer and drink. We ordered the Crab Cakes and Andouille Sausage. Enjoyed both, especially the sausage. It came with a dipping sauce that matched the sausage perfect. Then had a fish basket with catfish which was well breaded and cooked. 

Also had a cup of Gumbo, which was NOT the best. A lump of rice in a broth with a few pieces of chicken. I have had the Jambalaya prior and it tasted better. 

Now I know that I can find better fried fish and similar other places, but this is restaurant is in a good location for us. A great place for to satisfy a craving...
I am on the hunt for oysters, any way, any style.  I get odd cravings for iron (I'd say "blood" but that would be instant freak status... oh crap)... so I hunt for oysters or liver (I am the only person my age who eats this as far as I can tell... freak x 2).

Deep fried oyster platter with fries, got 7 oysters and it was ok.  The meh rating is for the all other, rice & beans and the etouffee.  I'd only came back if I'm craving oysters in the area...
When you pull up outside of the Cajun Seafood Corner, you feel like you are about to enter the Cajun Playtime Corner - the storefront certainly does nothing to reveal the beguiling bayou dishes inside.

The decor is reminiscent of any number of Cajun eateries found in New Orleans: Mardi Gras beads and masks hung lovingly on anything stationary, remnants of an old pier, plastic seagulls, fishing nets, and many colorful beer and liquor ads.

But you didn't come here for the ambiance, you came her for Cajun!

Begin your sensory journey into the swamps with any one of the Bayou Teasers such as the Cajun alligator or Cajun frog legs.  (one tastes like fish, one tastes like chicken)  

The appetizers start at $4.95 for Fried Okra and go up to $11.95 for a dozen oysters.

Chomp into some Poboys such as the sauteed alligator served wth tomatoe, lettuce, pickle, onion, and their house Cajun sauce.  These come with a delicous basket of Cajun Fries wwhich are hot, fluffy, crispy, and dusted with Cajun spices - amazing with their house aioli.

House specialties include Cajun shrimp, Crawfish boil when in season, étouffée, Cajun pasta, seafood jambalaya, gumbo, and blackened catfish. Prices start at $8.95 and go up to $45.95 for the five pounds of crawfish boiled, cooked with andouille, corn, and potatoes.

The Seafood gumbo is worth the visit, and was truly transcendent. Hearty, cajuned, and packed with plump shrimp, mussels, scallops, chicken, andouille, okra, and rice - it brought me back to the bayou.

The crawfish etouffee was also notable, with a rich creamy cajun sauce packed with plump and juicy crawfish - not to mention the portion was very generous for the $8.85 price.

Live crawfish are used here when in season, and the time is now!

Daily happy hour is from 2-7p, Happy hour appetizers start at $3.95, Domestic beers at $1.75, and drinks at $3.00.
This is a very nice place to eat. The staff and service are exceptionally good. Well informed about what and how they cook. I am very particular about what I can and can not eat. They answered every one of my questions on the phone first and then when I arrived there without bringing a single frown on their foreheads. 

My family and I don't eat pork and anything cooked in lard. We also don't eat any thing that is prepared with liquor and any other meat that is not prepared according to the religious guidelines. They staff very politely suggested what we can and can not eat given our limitation, after we chose items from the menu. 

It was a great experience. The food was tasty and CAJUN... .Spicy... flavorful... we enjoyed every bite of it. And we almost finished all of our food despite generous portions. 

A BIG Thank you to the people at the Cajun Seafood Corner for their hospitality and tasty food. I will definitely visit again and recommend to friends.
I have been on the hunt for craw fish to satisfy my bfs craving for a while now. I know in AZ its slim pickings since we're hundreds of miles from any large body of water, but we finally found a place. Now it can't compare to Crab Hut (see previous reviews) and I admit I didn't have high expectations but we were really surprised. 

We barely made it before the kitchen closed and since we had never been there before we decided to just order a pound of craw fish ($9 a lb) and a pound of shrimp ($12 a lb?), head off, with their whole shebang seasoning, which is basically an everything seasoning with a kick. 

When our orders came, I was surprised by the size of the craw fish. I'm no expert, and I have no idea how big they're supposed to be, but these were definitely bigger than the ones at Crab Hut. My bf wanted to dig in as soon as the plate hit the table. My shrimp dish came with two slices of buttered bread/toast which i used to soak up all the spicy soup my shrimp were drowning in. Everything was really good and cooked perfectly, just enough flavor and spice to balance it out. 

Since were were only there for about 15 minutes I can't really elaborate on anything else but I will update soon because were are for sure coming back to get the "bucket" which is filled with pretty much everything they have to offer; shrimp, craw fish, frog legs, alligator, etc. We also left a generous tip since they kept the kitchen open for us.
Do NOT let the weird bubble letter sign & strip mall location throw you off!

I have been driving past the Cajun Seafood Corner for 2-3 years.   Secretly wanting try it... but terrified of the sign on the building.   It seems a bit silly, but consider the odds against me:   We live in a desert.  It is in a strip mall.  the letters are RED, BLUE, AND BUBBLY.   - they want me to eat seafood here?  Are they crazy?  
Yes, yes they are!

One lovely Sat. afternoon, my husband and his best friend talked me into trying it.   Massively anxious, I pull open the "mall front" door to reveal a little gem of delicious goodness.  

The decor is basic and appropriate for the small restaurant.  Corgated metal panels and faux rock add a bit of interest over the yellow-orange-ish painted walls.   Fishing net, license plates, masks, and mardi-gras beads are plastered haphazardly about the place.    The majority of seating is four tops (easily pushed together for larger parties).  Additional seating for about 6-8ppl at the small  bar.   

The BEST thing about The Cajun Seafood Corner - The FOOD!   Bonus: It is reasonably priced seafood!    So far, I have tried the oysters.  I'm not a huge "oyster lover" but they were good and no complaints from either of the fellas.   
The husband - ordered a alligator po'boy.  He must have enjoyed it because he has ordered it twice on return trips. 
The husband's best friend - had the etouffee.  I stole a bite and it was really good.  I have since ordered it on a return trip.   It was fabulous but I did taste it again a few hours later.  I think that I may have a problem with ochra.  I can't eat cucumbers either, they do the same thing to me.  burbing...so strange. 
My selection - was the steamed clams.  I ordered them spicy and they were amazing!  The bowl was heaping full and it was impossible for me to finish the whole plate.  So tasty!     My next trip back (and there will be a next time) is for the crawfish.  + oh and before I forget.  They have a hurricane on special for happy hour.  Yumm!  

After reading a few of the reviews below, I am happy to have waited a few years before visiting The Corner.  They have definitely worked out any new restaurant kinks that they might have been experiencing.   

Looking forward to that plate of crawfish soon!
If you really are a experience foodie whom loves seafood, you are going to hate this place. I went with my Mom and Husband and we ordered the fried Alligator to start. It wasnt bad  with the first bite but the longer it sat it turned into some weird texture. We love the Fried Alligator at Pappadeaux and was excited to have a restaurant closer to our homes that serves it. It looked different, taste different and really made us wonder what we were eating.

For our Main dishes, I ordered the boiled shrimp, hubby had catfish, and mom the Etoufee. My shirmp looked good when they came, however when I went to eat them i noticed that there were not cleaned. You can see a clear sign of both veins in the top and bottom of the shirmp. Mind you I am a seafood junkie and I have had shrimp in Hawaii from a truck and prepared the same way and were cleaned. I told the manager about this and he said that they don't clean their shrimp nor did they have too. I sent them back and did not order anything else. My mom's Etouffee looked like a can of Cream of Chicken soup an jiggled like Jello. Matter of fact it was the exact color of Cream of Chicken soup. If you have never had Etouffee this might fly. However, I have had my first experience with Cajun Cusine in New Orleans, LA and none of this looked or tasted like Cajun cusine. 

Now to my husbands Catfish?? I really don't believe it was Catfish. It was shaped like Chicken Breast and the texture was totally different. 

Needless to say, I am a extreme foodie who dines out at least 4x a week or more. I love Cajun food and was so excited to have a place closer to my house than my favorite in  West Phoenix, Pappadeaux's.

However, besides this food not tasting good, it is a disgrace to everything that relates to Cajun Cuisine. We gladly left while not to mention the Manager, Bar Tender, and waitress all decided to go for a smoke break in the front of the restaurant while patrons were still eating. We said goodbye and never returned again.
On a whim, a friend and I decided to try the food there earlier this week and we were NOT disappointed.  In fact, I just had lunch there again today.

The Seafood Gumbo was pretty tasty, considering that I'm more of a Chicken and Sausage guy when it comes to Gumbo.  It had the kind of slow, Cajun heat to it that I have come to expect from good Gumbo.

For lunch today, I had the Crispy Chicken Po'Boy and really enjoyed it.  In addition to a really good sandwich, the plate included an abundance of fries that I couldn't have polished off even if I'd tried.  The po'boy had just enough spicy to remind you that you were eating at a Cajun place without overpowering the rest of the ingredients.  The fries were cooked to perfection and dusted with a Creole seasoning.  I will definitely be eating that sandwich again!

I think it's worth mentioning that the place has been under new ownership for about a year, so I'm not sure I'd pay any attention to the reviews before November of '09.  I'm hoping the owners save up the money to replace the sign on the building, because I agree with many of the reviewers in that respect - it looks more like it belongs on a daycare than a serious restaurant.
Had the fried Cajun quail for a starter. Yum! Then Cajun seafood fried rice. My wife had seafood etoufette. We loved them both.
Decent Prices.......... Decent Food... Worth the trip once a month or so.. Not an every day spot.. 

Had the Chicken Po'Boy and it was pretty good.. French fries are really good, better than most places..
I returned a week or so after this, and was disappointed. Service was a lot quicker, and after getting back to work, i noticed why when i opened the order.. (Take Out)

1. The previous Fries had a decent batter type fries, where this time it was just regular fries with A LOT of season Salt added.. Too much in some areas and a little in others....

2. Po'boy, thinking it was good last time, and try again,, This time a lil undercooked, and batter inside wasn't done.. :-(

I may go back but it will be maybe 6 months to a year, maybe a new crew?, not worth the risk of consistency..
We finally got around to trying this place a couple of days ago. Good stuff. 

It is a very casual, low-key place. The server was super friendly and quick. We ordered appetizers of fried gator and fried okra. The okra was okay, the gator was darn good--better than the stuff I tried in New Orleans years back, believe it or not. 

My wife had jambalaya, my stepson had some sort of seafood rice plate, and I had a grilled chicken poboy. Everything was good, and the prices were reasonable. Go during happy hour and you'll save even more money.

I see some negative reviews here on Yelp, but our experience was very good. A nice, low-price alternative to Pappadeaux.
I ordered the Catfish PoBoy and Seafood Gumbo this evening for dinner.  I was craving some Creole food tonight and they delivered.  I was in a toss up between the Catfish, Alligator, or Crawdaddy PoBoy but the Catfish was my choice and it was yummy.  The Seafood Gumbo I had a little bit spicy and it was on hit.  It could of used a bit less rice and a bit more Seafood, but thats just my opinion.  All in all very good and I will be back.

PoBoy, Gumbo, and Beer about $20
The service and atmosphere is good. The food is fair at best. 

I will still try to support the little guys and will return on occasion.
I've been craving a shrimp PoBoy since I left Louisiana, the land of tasty PoBoy's. 

I drove by this place and flipped a bitch so that I could check it out for lunch. It looks a little uninviting from the outside. I was very surprised to find a quaint little bar and seating area. I thought it was going to be more of a take out place and I almost turned around and walked out because I had my puppy in the car and didn't plan on leaving him. But the woman behind the bar was very inviting and told me she could have my poboy out in five minutes. I told her I'd be in the car with my dog but I'd come back in a couple minutes to get my order. Sure enough, five minute later she comes walking out with my order. I thought it was really great customer service to bring it out to my car for me. 

The poboy was satisfactory. The breading on the shrimp was too thick and the shrimp was lost in there, everything else about the sandwich was great, especially the roll. The fries were fat, long and perfectly seasoned, all fries should be made like this. 

I will be back for some Étouffée and this time leave the dog at home so I can enjoy a cold one at the bar.
We made our second attempt at this restaurant in three years this week.  I was quickly reminded why we stayed away for so long, especially given that we like to support local businesses.

Basically, the food is mediocre at best.  The waitress we had last time needs some lessons (such as, learn about the beers, especially the specialty Cajun ones, don't go to the table every minute asking patrons if they are ready to order if they are still looking at the menu, ask if they want another beer if their beer is empty, refill water glasses), the cook needs to not smoke and walk through the restaurant.  The items that we had we not good.  I can see how it could be a cute little neighborhood bar, and I would probably hang out at the bar to watch sports and drink the very delicious Abita, but I will not return for the food.  

From now on, my Cajun fix will be taken care of by my own two hands or a drive out to Baby Kays.  It's a bummer.
Oh how I underestimated this place. Yes, it has a hole in the wall type of atmosphere. Yes, it's in a strip mall. No you will not receive 5 star service. But boy does this place pack a lot of flavor! I started off with the fried gator and it was perfectly complimented with a Cajun Sauce for dipping.  For the  entrée I had the Catfish Etouffee special, the catfish was fried to perfection and the Etouffee tasted good enough to lick out of the bowl (I'm a lady so I did refrain from liking the bowl). My husband could not stop raving about the Red Beans and Rice. This establishment is ran by a friendly husband and wife team. I will definitely be returning again.
A disappointment. Chicken finger dinner consisted of two pathetic chicken strips and soggy fries. Bf had the catfish and was not blown away by it. Nothing was that great. we tried this place before and we were no impressed either times. Only decent thing was the okra.  Sorry Cajun Seafood Corner but this just isn't going to work between us.
Been here a couple times for the crawfish etouffee. It's pretty good but certainly not the best. This place is worth the stop if you have to have some cajun food but it's certainly nothing to rave about. There's just not enough cajun options in Chandler/Gilbert. I will go back soon to try the po'boys and frog legs and update how those are.
A group of 10 of  us who had tried this place a couple of years ago and been disappointed, decided to come back again, as we had heard there was new owners & new cooks.  We are very glad we gave it another shot. We all  sampled almost everything, lol:  the fried alligator, frog legs, okra, oysters,  wings & Andouille sausage  for appetizers, and all enjoyed everything. Their cajun sauce to dip the food was yum too!  For dinner I had the seafood gumbo, and thought it was delicious! The bowl was very big, It had chicken, Andouille sausage,mussels,  shrimp, scallops  & okra in it, all in a very spicy, &  flavorfull  soup, with a scoop of rice in it and a piece of garlic bread too. I was so stuffed I had to take half of it home.   My hubby had the red beans & rice with Andoullie Sausage and side of crispy cajun fries. He said it was all good as well. A friend had the jambalaya, which at first I thought was just Gumbo without the okra in a different dish, but after tasting it, it definitely had a different flavor and was very good as well. I can't say I have eaten a lot of cajun food in my life to compare it to others, but I personally really liked this place and will definitely come back soon.  Also, our waitress Rianna was great, she got our orders perfectly, and was very quick &  attentive, did not have to ask for refills. The prices for food & drink were all very reasonable & affordable too. We hope this place sticks around!
I loved it. I'll be back here every chance I get. I had the clams. The portion size was fine and the garlic bread was very good. There are a lot of other menu items I want to try; frog legs, crawfish, catfish.

The wait staff was very nice and attentive. Check this place out.
We dropped in during happy hour with 1.75 domestics, you can't beat it!  We grabbed a snack.  They have a lot on the menu, so we settled for the deep fried alligator.  Delicious stuff.

We then had the cup of Seafood Gumbo and the Seafood Jambalaya.  Both were spicy with a great taste.  I will definitely be coming back to this spot.  I kinda wish we had ordered more. 

They had Leinenkugel, a Wisconsin brew which was a nice touch.
I have always driven by this place and wanted to try it for the longest time as I love Gumbo.  On a slow Sunday afternoon we arrived to an empty restaurant except for a man watching a TV at the bar and a female chatting with him (an older couple who I believe to be the owners).  To be honest from the time we got there up to the time we left I never had that warm fuzzy feeling.  The hostess barely smiled and I felt like I bothered their show on TV.  The food was so so.  The Gumbo was excellent in color and overall taste but the chicken had a just tossed in and dry texture to them.  And there was a LOT of chicken, it was hard to find the sausage and seafood.  They should just call it Chicken Gumbo.
I got the sampler platter and was not impressed with the catfish.  It was thin and looked frozen deep fried, not fresh.  The chicken was the same as far as looking frozen cooked.  The Adoulie sausage was excellent as was the calamari.  With the alligator I tasted more breading then I did meat.  The frog legs were large and tasted good.  The variety of four sauces were extremely tasty.  I recommend this plate to be split with another person.  I give the platter a 3 of 5 stars and the service a 1 of 5 stars.  This resulted my 2 of 5 star rating.
I am a great fan of Cajun Food for a very good reason.
   I have to start by saying the food was tasty!  I've eaten here at Cajun Seafood Corner before. I didn't remember the details of that visit but when I walked in today, a familiar feeling came across.
   When I walked in, I felt like I was intruding. I sat at the bar and was going to order food to go but decided to eat boiled crawfish there instead. I would have gone sit at a table when my food came but the server insisted that I sit at a table then and held my drink until I did so. The TV was on so I thought I'd just sit there until I got food but to get my drink, I had to move. So I did. 
   A gentleman walked in at the same time I did and he didn't get any warmer welcome than I did. A couple came in, sat at the bar and had a drink. They mentioned they might eat and they got the same "you'll have to sit at a table" greeting that I did. They had their drinks at the bar and left.
   The food came quickly. The boiled crawfish was really good. One pound for 9.95 which is standard for this area. I ordered Blackened Catfish to go. When I decided to eat there and asked that it be served to eat here, I felt I had put them out.
   The Catfish was really good! Although for 11.95, the fish was only about 4x2 inches in size, it was awesome and their tartar sauce was the best I've tasted since I left Louisiana. 
   I chose the Red Beans and Rice as the side. It came as more of a red bean soup. It did have a good flavor but the texture wasn't right for this dish.
   I paid the check, left the tip, and noticed that the man who walked in when I did ate his food, drank his beer and left just as fast as the couple when they finished their drinks....and so did I.
   The food was good in flavor, the place nicely Louisiana decorated...but not much of that warm, fuzzy, "we're glad you're here" attitude.
We were craving po boys and found this place online. We were both on our computers looking at the menu and realized they have a few different websites that each have different menus. Everything sounded so good! We saw that they do carry out so placed an order for 2 popcorn shrimp po boys, with 2 sides of ranch (for the fries duh) and an order of calamari, 10 minutes. Cool! My better half went to pick up the food and when he came back it smelled really good. 

I opened the calamari and saw that they forgot to put the sauce to dip the calamari in, not good. The two ranches were in there instead (they charge 50 cents extra per ranch, not good).  The calamari itself was not very good, it was kind of plain it may have been better if the dipping sauce was good (if they could remember to put it in).

I opened my shrimp po boy. The fries were pretty good I think they were actually the best tasting part of the entire meal. The sandwitch itself was pre-cut in half, I took a bite, then another, all I was tasting was bread, lettuce, onion, tartar sauce, and pickles. I opened up the sandwitch half....two tiny shrimp about the size of nickles....really?! TWO FREAKING SHRIMP!? Come on people! I opened the other half and there were 5 small shrimp, so I put the two from the other half on there. It didn't taste very good. There was too much tartar and it was weird that it had pickles.

I wouldn't get the popcorn shrimp po boy or calamari again from there. I might be willing to give the gumbo or jambalaya a try in the future, maybe we just ordered the wrong thing?
Love this place, good food, good prices.  Whenever I take someone there I always order the Cajun alligator without them knowing, just to see how they react without knowing what it is.  So far there is a 90% approval rating on it. Everything I have tried there has been good, don't let the outside fool you, this place is much better inside than out!
Is there a 0 star rating?!!?! The place is small and pretty badly decorated- looks like Mardi Gras gone bad. However, we put up with it and sat down. The restaurant was deathly quiet. A waitress came and sat us down. we asked for a high chair and the waitress brought a booster seat for my infant. When i said that it wouldnt work for my baby, the grumpy waitress rolled her eyes and sighed. I already felt horrid,hungry, and annoyed and now this disgusting waitress had ruined my whole family's attitude. Still, we put up with her crabby retorts. My 1 year old got off of my lap and stood obediently next to my chair and the waitress returned to our table with water. "Oh, no. Uh uh. She (the baby) has to stay in your lap or in the high chair, not running around!" she snarled. At this point, i was starting to believe witches exist. "What?" i asked. "She wasnt running around." the waitress stomped off without a reply. I decided that i was not going to stand this nut for another second! When she returned, i got up and told her that she needed to mind her attitude. I also added that yelling at an infant was not going to solve any problems. I mean seriously, who does that?!? And the worst part was her response. "i mean, we get busy sometimes! We cant have her running around everywhere!" "there is no one here!!!" i said, thrusting my arms around to show how empty it was. At about that time, the crickets started chirping. "well it keeps changing!" she screeched. "What needs to change is your attitude!" i said. She rolled her eyes again! I mean, seriously?!? And with that, we stormed out. And i am happy we did. All in all, i still want to punch that weirdo in the face, but hey, i have better things to do than to go back to that tiny, stinky restaurant.
I live in the area and love to support our local small businesses.  A few years ago we decided we would drop in and see what the Cajun Seafood Corner was all about.  The owner(s) was an Vietnamese couple and they were always so welcoming and friendly.  The food was good...I always get the Catfish Po' Boy with fries; has just enough spice and kick.  Within a year the couple who we cherished decided to sell the business.  Mind you this place had become our new spot, it was close, great happy hour,  good food, and wonderful service.  We would come in at least 4 to 5 times a month and usually with a new set of people-we loved it so much we wanted to tell everyone about this place.  After the new couple took over it went down hill....the service is quite mundane.  They're not rude but they're not nice.  We stopped going in because it really felt like our business was not appreciated.    There use to be many flat screens, so you could watch any game that may be playing...they've taken ALL T.V's down so now it's an awkward quietness with a faint sound of soft rock playing.  

Give it a try...maybe I am just biased because I miss the old owners.
We've been here twice in the last month. Last dinner out with my Dad on Father's day before he passed away in July.

Food is excellent. We've had almost everything on the menu. Always very light flavorful breading and crisp. Portions are large. We tend to split a side of okra and or onion rings, a large basket is plenty to share. Side of red beans and rice enough for a meal. 

Service has been good. One server very efficient. She stays on top of the details. Refills drinks often, remembers customer details, special requests. Never felt like I had to flag her down.

We've always eat in. Being a fan of cooking, and having worked in many restaurants, I would never expect take out not to get doggy when fried.

The most reasonable price food around.

The only negative is that they charge for every little side, sauce, bread, etc. be sure to say no if you don't want it.

Looking forward to going back to try the few entrees we've not had yet.
There are not many Cajun places in the Valley...so thankfully we have Cajun Seafood Corner.  

They have the usual (made with care) offerings, Shrimp Etoufee, Jambalaya, Frog Legs, Oysters (fried or on the half shell)- 11.95 for a dozen oysters! Great value.  

I usually get the Sauteed Alligator (Very Good- It has this cream sauce on the side, a little spice, cilantro...I use a spoon to lap it up!) and the Oyster Poboy.

Now...let's talk about the drink specials...Happy Hour (2pm-7pm): Domestics - 1.75;  Shots - 1.75; Seasonal Brews 2.50.

This place isn't "lay your white napkin on your lap" - proper...so keep that in mind. It is, however, chill, down-home cooking in a VERY relaxed atmosphere.
My fiance and I visited this place after I lived in Southeast Texas for nearly a year. I kept bothering him for "crawfish".

I called before we went there to find out they weren't serving live/fresh (but that's okay because I know they're not in season).

TO SUM IT UP... SERVICE=GREAT, FOOD=GREAT, PRICE=REASONABLE.

The owner told me their busieist night is Mardi Gras and during crawfish season, which is normally Feb.-Jun., they overnight fresh crawfish in from Louisiana.

We also had happy hour andouille sausage and seafood gumbo.

Delicious and highly recommend to any one looking for their cajun fix in Mesa.
Last night was Ethnic Dinner night with my friend. We decided to try out this restaurant after I checked out the reviews on Yelp. Usually I'm a little wary of any restaurants with 3-stars or less. This time, I'm thrilled that we went here in spite of the 3-star average as it was fabulous!

The decor is cute... fishing nets with Christmas decorations, etc. It reminded me of a little dive bar in Rocky Point that I visit whenever I'm down there. 

Our waiter was excellent, knowledgeable and patient as we asked loads of questions about different things on the menu. In the end, I couldn't decide between the crayfish po-boy and the alligator po-boy as I haven't had either meat before last night. I told the waiter to pick for me and he suggested alligator so alligator it was!

The alligator was amazing. I'm not sure if I can say it was cooked properly or not because I'm not sure how it is supposed to be cooked, but I can say the flavor of the meat was enhanced by the delicious seasoning it was cooked in. I only had one chewy/tough piece, but the rest was melt-in-my-mouth tender. The fries that came with the sandwich were also deliciously seasoned.

My friend got a grilled chicken salad with a side cup of the gumbo which the waiter highly recommended. Based on the fact that nothing was left on the plate or in the bowl, I'm going to say it was really tasty. 

I'm looking forward to going back and trying the crayfish po-boy, the gumbo, the jambalaya, on and on. Their menu looks fantastic and I can't wait to try out more exotic items.
Good Gumbo. Good deal on clams. Love the sauteed alligator. Good happy hours
I walked in and was greeted.  Now its a corner cafe in a strip maul next to a grocery store, so I was not expecting the best food ever.  The couple that were in there were very nice to everyone. The food was pretty good but over all it was a little bland. Now the reasoning behind this I believe is because the area is well known to have a lot of seniors in the area and it is much easier to add flavor then remove it.  Now they do have hot sauce and seasoning right on the table so I was able to flavor my food to taste pretty easily.  For $20 I got a Tall Whisky and Coke, large sausage, a bowl of  seafood gumbo and a cup of red beans and rice. I was quite full.  One thing I like to point out is that I am a large man, and there are many restaurant  that are just not  friendly to larger individuals.  This was certainly not the case here. Plenty of table space, sturdy chairs, easily accessible for both large people and folks in wheel chairs.
I went here for lunch, and while not that good, it was alright. I had a catfish po-boy with sweet potato fries and a side of andouille sausage. The sausage and fries were frozen products, but the po-boy was quite good. 2-3 star meal, max.
Later I came for dinner with a group and was let down. We got a large bowl of seafood gumbo (bland and OLD rubbery seafood), multiple side dishes (all of which were either store bought products or poorly made), and their 5 pound crawfish boil special. They were advertised as Live Crawfish outside. I highly doubt that. They didn't even taste fresh, and were the smallest and least meaty crawfish I've ever had. For a 5 pound pot of crawfish, there was only 1 sausage link cut up in it, and even worse only 1 corn cob cut up. Easily the worst cajun boil I've seen. They tried everything they possibly could to cut corners and cut costs across everything they served. 1 star meal.
Avoid this place. If you really love cajun food and just have to try it, go at lunch.
My favorite menu item here:  Seafood Gumbo
Both my daughters' favorite:  Fried Alligator

Whenever I'm craving Canine fare, I head straight here.

Bring cash and let them know you're paying in cash before you order. That will get you a small discount.
Small restaurant with 5-6 chair bar, quaint but nice atmosphere reminding me of NOLA. I use to drive across the bay in Biloxi to D'Iberville and eat them great tasting po boys.

Had their lunch catfish po boy, fries and the fixins with ice tea. Can't complain, probably the best po boy I've had since moving to the Phoenix area 10-years ago. 

Definitely plan to return and try more of their Cajun dishes. Recommend giving this place a try.
I found this place a couple of months ago.     Its appearance from the outside is not appealing.    But when you go inside it is well done and quite appealing.    I find the food very good [crawfish etoufee, red beans and rice, especially].      The # of Cajun restaurants in Phoenix are limited but this is  one of the better that I have found.         I have eaten lots of Cajun food in New Orleans and the deep south.    I find the Cajun Seafood Corner to compete well with the deep south.     I like the way the food is seasoned.      I understand the owners are not from the deep south but they surely have captured the taste.          I recommend you stop by and try.       Hear their bread pudding is great.      Must try next time I go.    Just too full today.       Put on your next place to have good food.
Sad to say this place is now closed.
I just noticed this little shop so it must be relatively new.  I stopped in and had lunch here today and everything I had was delicious.  I had a fried oyster Po' boy, crawfish etoufee, some red beans and rice and a shockingly good sweet potato hush puppy.  This place still needs to get things in order as is common with almost all newer restaurants that open up but the staff is friendly and the food fills a void.   Menu items include fried or sauteed frog legs, fried alligator, gator sausage, many kinds of hot Po' boys, and seafood dishes.
This replaced a mexican food joint, and it sure was a great choice. I hope they can drive the traffic because their food is killer and its a great price.

I walk in and ask what's good, she says everything, let me get you samples. She comes back with six little dishes of food for me to sample and it was all very good. I could have been full off of the samples but I got a meal which was the peace maker po'boy and the etoufee on the side. 

mmmmmMmmmm welcome to las vegas, im going back there :)
I look and what do I see " The New Orleans Connection". I rub my eyes to see if they are tricking me. ...RUB... Holly crap this place actually exists. I must enter and EAT. ....Pull...PULL...the door is locked!!!! Damn Sundays!!!! I must return.

Well I finally made it Monday night. I surely hope the food lives up to my anticipation. I walk in to rather large dining room with the menu on the wall in the back. 

As I gaze at the menu I see alligator sausage (mmmmm), crawfish, shrimp, andouille, catfish, and Po' Boys.

We started with the Gator Bites. Wonderful cornmeal breading fried and served with two sauces. This is actually the best deep fried pieces of gator I've had. Not even close to chewy. 

The GF decided to get the BBQ shrimp and Andouille ( comes with 2 sides and salad ). She chose the Red Beans and Rice and the Sweet Potato Hush Puppies. This was a huge meal. Loaded with shrimp and andouille. This almost came as a gumbo with rice an excellent Cajun sauce that had the right amount of seasoning and heat. WOW this was a wonderful dish. The red beans and rice were awesome but the Sweet Potato Hush Puppies are where it's at. I do not know how I have lived my life for the past 23 yrs with out eating these. Our server said her mom came up with the recipe one day. OMG these are worth a trip there alone. 

I got the Catfish plate ( comes with one side and a salad ), I chose the Jambalaya. The catfish brought back memories to the last time I was in New Orleans and I ate catfish at a restaurant right on the river with my great grandparents. It was fried perfectly with a wonderful cornmeal batter. The catfish basket had two huge filet's ( probably 8-9 in. each ). This was the best catfish I have had in a VERY long time. The Jambalaya was excellent as well. 

This was a lot of food. We took home our salads and some of our entrees. I eat A LOT and I was full. 

My whole family consists of Louisiana natives and some still live their. This food takes me right back. I cannot explain how authentic this is. 

For those of you out there that want to try some great food hit this place up. They also have Seafood, Cold, and hot PO' Boys for those a little less adventurous.  They also have Bread pudding, Peach Cobbler, and Rocky Road Brownies for dessert ( I will be back to try all three!! ).
Hit NO Connection today for late lunch.  

Located in Target shopping center, next to the bundt cake bakery ( i didn't even look in there ! ) NOC is simple, cafe style, order at front counter then they bring the food to you.

only 3 other people there when we order. GF went with crawfish etouffe, comes with a side and potato salad or green salad.  she went with the jambalaya side and the green salad ( for me ) - cost $14.  i went with the shrimp andouille sausage w/ cole slaw and a green salad ( low carb all the way ! ) also $14,  also ordered a side of alligator sausage ( $3 or $4 ) 

Minus 1 star !  This place is slow !!  it took 30 minutes to get our food.  But the food was very good.  My fav the alligator sausage and the sauce/broth  of my shrimp/andouille sausage.  it might be a little too heavy on the old bay seasoning but i loved it  ( gf agrees about the sauce )  - her crawfish was decent .  My only minor knock on mine, the shrimp were whole - head, tail, shell and all.  i don't mind it ala hot and juicy crawfish, but not how this meal was prepared and served.

bread also provided and a couple of sweet hush puppies.

I took a "to go" menu so in the future, i will call it in first then eat there or take home.  gotta try the gumbos and po boy's - soon, very soon !

l
I hate to rain on the parade but I wasn't all that impressed... I've been to N'awlins (2008 Sugar Bowl) and this place didn't wow me nearly as much as I wanted it to. I tried to like this place, I really did. The crawfish etouffe was ok, the dirty rice was ok and I was really disappointed in the BBQ shrimp... The taste was ok but they only gave me like 6 shrimp!!! The bread was good and when I slopped up the BBQ shrimp sauce and etouffe, it kinda made up for the experience. I do like the fact that they sell Zapp's potato chips there though! Maybe next time I'm in town, I'll give it another chance...
hit the orleans connection last nite - group meal, served buffet style.  foods that i tried this visit that i did not try in the past - 

catfish - corn meal coating but still, very light, crunchy - tasty !

alligator bites - also a corn meal coating but a little lighter than the catfish - "tastes like chicken " - lol

bread pudding - strong brown sugar/cinnamon flavor - was about to give it very high marks, but hidden at the bottom, the one thing i don't like in a bread pudding - raisins !  

overall, i like the place still find the location to be unusual.  also, some inconsistencies but the bottom line, it's worth an occasional visit.
yeah I went there yesterday (Sept. 27, 2008) had the Gator sandwich and fries. The food wasn't bad, tasted good, could have used some onions on the sandwich though.
The restaurant it self could use some work. It was hot as hell in there, it didn't really have any "atmosphere"  Just a bunch of tables with red and white checker plastic cloths on them.
I sat there and watched them lose more potential customers than what they actually had in there eating because there is no bell for you to ring to let anyone know your there to be waited on. The "workers" are all in the back cooking. So, people standing to have their order taken end up just walking out. You'd think the the restaurant wouldn't want that happening. Guess they'll learn eventually.
Here's the thing,  The food is outstanding.  BUT...

1.  It is fairly expensive.
2.  The service is slow
3.  I don't like their fries.  Why won't they let me substitute one of many available sides even if i pay extra?  
4.  the menu now has half the items and that is lame.
5.  When i went there after they first opened, the service was exceptional, now it is almost like they are trying to go out of business.  

I still have gone about 7 times and will continue to go.  You just can't find that food elsewhere.
Accidentally found this place. We were totally on the way to the Thai place on the same plaza when Chez Monieux appeared. Cajun food? Hummmm... My friend said he had Thai but have not had Cajun and that sealed the deal. 
So, we go inside and place is totally empty. I mean no one is there. WOW What the?!? But no matter, we were quickly greeted and seated at the table of our picking. Chit-chat with the guy and turns out they are like super new. Just opened up and not many people even know about them, and today supposedly weirdly slow anyhow. Ok cool, better for us!!
We order up 2 platters and it shows up real quick. They even split it for us as we asked, so we can easily try each other orders. And try we did! It was GOOD! I mean, really REALLY good stuff. And it was lots of it. Did i mention it was good? In fact, my buddy could not stop eating it even though her kept on saying -"I can not stuff anything else in!" But its simply too hard to pull yourself from it.

I do not give rave reviews very often, but this is totally one of them. You should absolutely check it out, its worth it. Yes, it might be in the little plaza next to the freeway and ambiance might be all but non-existent. But who cares?!? Go for food. You will not be disappointed!

PS: Went there a little while ago again with thy wife. She liked it as well. They now have full bar and about 6 beers on tap, including one from New Orleans (Raspberry one, real refreshing.)

"I like"
"Very nice"
I came to this place because of the new review. 

I just love to try new places and when I said Cajun, my partner said "Let's go!" We had a really hard time finding this place, but I'm sure it's because we aren't as familiar with that part of the city. The location is difficult to see from the road and the place was vacant at the dinner hour.  If this new business doesn't last it sure won't be because of the food, the service or the price. So I'm glad to Yelp and encourage people to find it. What do you know, my first 5 star food review!

We ordered Fried Calamari and hush-puppies for appetizers. I couldn't seduce anyone into trying the frog legs, maybe I'll get braver next time. Our appetizer was crispy, quick, yummy and fresh! 

Then we ordered a gigantic bowl of Jambalaya, another of Seafood Gumbo, one kid-size Catfish Strips and hush-puppies basket and three drinks. The large bowl of Andouille sausage based Jambalaya was divinely balanced with rice and celery and chicken and my partner loved it. Would eat it every day if we lived closer. The Seafood Gumbo was chock full of flavor, chunks of seafood, tender juicy shrimp, a very yummy, thick savory broth.  Neither dish was overpowered by some hot spice we couldn't handle. The chef made sure you were tasting the dish instead of begging for water. After eating half of each we got this wild idea of blending them both together in one bowl. OMG, that was an ultimate flavor sensation! I highly recommend it. My daughter munched on her catfish strips and hush puppies happily and even dunked into the roumelade she normally avoids. She didn't finish because she ate too much appetizer. I couldn't fault her there, the Calamari had just come in that morning. We packed a bit up to take home, but we couldn't avoid a slice of Pecan Pie. I liked the pie a lot, my partner prefers theirs sweeter. I wonder if I can buy a whole pie there? hmmm I forgot to ask.

Oh! The Service was spot on, I never wondered about my drink refills, every time I looked they were full, she was super nice, the chef came out and chatted too. They've been open about a month and it's been slow. They have their liquor license and everything, nice little patio around the outside, yellow walls, and tiled floor. Nice, clean place, very friendly. I really hope they get some traffic in that location though. The bill was $44 for everything we bought and was worth it. I wish they were closer to home and we'd make them a regular stop.
 
Their name says it all Chez Monieux if you don't try them out!
Authetic, warm, delicious soul food! 5/5

If you are craving for some hearty cajun soul food, Chez Monieux is the place you NEED to go! J and I went there on Saturday for an early dinner. We were very impressed by the quality of the food and service there! J ordered a bowl of Jambalaya.. It was SO delicious.. I had a huge bowl of Gramps' seafood gumbo.. It had shripm, crawfish, crab meat, onions, celery, bell pepper, hard boiled eggs, and okra served with rice for only $8.95! Really... I finished it in a second. Couldn't stop eating... J and I also shared the fried crawfish as appetizer.. Our meal came with a side of potato salad. That was amazing too! We were so fulled at the end of the meal...  
We will definitely go back again. This place rocks! It is a rare gem in the city especially for cajun food.
I checked this place out based on reviews on Yelp. 
My husband is orginally from Louisiana so he is always looking to get some food from home. 
Upon entering we were greeted right away and told to sit where ever we liked. 
I was pleased they had Abita Purple Haze on tap. Abita is a beer brewed in Louisiana. Right away, off to a good start.
We ordered the boudin balls as an app and they were very delicious. For our entrees I ordered the fried green tomato po boy and my husband ordered the crawfish etoufee. 
Everything was very good. I will definitely go back. 

The owner (at least I think he was the owner) talked with us and was a real friendly guy.

I really hope this place does well. It is in kind of a bad spot. Unless you know it's there you would probably just pass it up.
For all of you who wanted to try this place (I did)...We went there tonight and it was closed (Sunday) Just FYI, it says 7 days a week open 10-10 on their website...Just FYI...there for I will give it two stars for not being open and wasting my gas....
A star for the cute name.
A star for the cozy, funky atmosphere.
A star for the friendly service.
And one for the food.

Overall, a great place!

My husband and I came to Chez Monieux last week. When we arrived there were a few other tables occupied, but we were told to grab a seat whereever we wanted.
For appetizers, I ordered the jalepeno hush puppies and my husband ordered the boudin balls. 
It took a while for them to arrive, but when they did, they were tasty - though I'm sure they weren't healthy!
Our entrees were the vegan gumbo (for me) and the seafood gumbo (for him). My vegan dish came with a really yummy side of potato salad, too. Our dishes were well made and tasty. I was a little disappointed that, unlike the menu said, there wasn't any okra or seitan-sausage in mine, just the fake chicken. But it still tasted good.
As soon as our food came out, the chef came to our table and apologized, profusely, for the wait. We hadn't really thought much of it, as we were enjoying our conversation, but I thought it was really nice of him to come and apologize!
For dessert, we split a caramel-lava cake, which was delicious.
And our whole bill, including a beer and a coke, only came to $32!We'll definitely come back, hopefully when I can try the fried green tomato po' boy!
Hung out with Eugene on an UYE from the talk thread. We again visited an empty Chez Monieux. People!! Get your butts in the seats. Ask for some Purple Haze one of the refreshing beers they have and hunker down for some New Orleans chow. I got some wonderful calamari, not overly greasy despite being deep fried and the rings weren't strings they were tubes. Eugene got a fried Tomato salad. We ate Etouffe and a Mama's Bowl. We all had pecan pie. Wish we lived closer, it's very tasty. I was too full to get jalepeno hush puppies, but now that I'm writing this update I want some. They are closed on Sunday's and if people don't come... well I'd hate to see them close more.
Best Gumbo I have ever had.  Period.

I went here after reading about it here on Yelp.  Being a fan of Cajun food I was excited to try this place and am so glad I did.  This place jumped into my frequent visit rotation after the first bite.  Heaven in a bowl. 

Service was very good and friendly.  They were very accommodating given the fact I don't eat gluten or dairy and the chef's had no problem identifying items which I could eat.  I attribute this to the fact the food is all homemade and definitely not from a can!  I had the Seafood Gumbo and a side of Dirty Rice instead of the potato salad.  The gumbo was packed with seafood, perfectly seasoned, and the rice.... oh man, the rice was so good (rice inside the gumbo).  I literally couldn't stop eating... like physically was unable to put my spoon down.

I've eaten a fair amount of Cajun food from stalls at a farmer's market in Los Angeles, to high end reservation only spots and this place has them all beat.  Do yourself a favor and try this place, you won't be disappointed!  One word of advice... don't bother with the baskets.  Like the fried shrimp, or blackened chicken... you can get that stuff anywhere... try one of their special dishes.

The place was relatively empty in the middle of a Friday afternoon, which is a shame because this place should be PACKED.  It is kind of hard to find, and I didn't really even see a sign outside, and they've only been open for a couple of months... spread the word.
Well, i just have nothing bad to say about this place at all... The food was great (I'm picky about my jambalaya - and it was very good!) The pecan pie and calamari are also awesome! My boyfriend's from New orleans and is very familiar with Creole and Cajun. He was impressed! The restaurant is in a very hidden corner of Baseline and the 101 so it's not easy to see, but if you want to treat yourself with some good New Orleans fare, FIND IT! And have the Gumbo!
Very disappointed!!

I picked this place because of the reviews that I've read here.  I feel compelled to give my 2 cents worth.

We started out with jalapeno hushpuppies along with their remoulade.  The pups were very tasty (good start).

For our main course, we ordered the fried green tomato salad to share, my wife ordered the gumbo with a side of fried okra, and I ordered the fried catfish with double okra on the side.

The lag time between our pups and meal was LONG......outrageously long.  When they finally brought our meal, my wife didn't get her okra.  They explained that it would take a few more minutes.  Keep in mind, my plate had okra so I guess they must have forgot about hers.  It was no less than 10 minutes before they brought hers out.  

When we finally received our meal the bartender apologized for the wait and explained that everything they have is fresh breaded and not frozen which is why it takes longer.  I can understand how fresh breaded takes longer but you should find a way to do it faster or take it off the menu if it's going to logjam your kitchen.

All this being said, even after the wait, if the food was good I would be writing a positive review right now.  The problem is, the food was just so so.  The okra had NO flavor and was not fully cooked to a nice crisp crust.  My catfish flavor was ok but the breading was pretty thick.  My wife's gumbo was a little bland....almost like the roux was a little weak. 

I really wanted to like this place.  After our first experience, I won't likely go back.
I'm always hunting for a good Cajun food place. After hearing about Chez Monieux, my Louisiana-raised GF, our Louisiana-native friend, and myself road-tripped across town to check it out.

It's true, it is difficult to find. But once we tracked it down, we did appreciate the French Quarter-like wrought iron exterior. We settled down inside, and ordered up some beer and grub.

Sadly, we were pretty unimpressed. Everything really lacked spice and flavor. The fried items were utterly caked in a thick doughy batter. Service was really slow.

Ah well. The search continues. However, I give them an extra star for the cute name.
After my great experience at this place, I decided a "big ass bowl of gumbo" was just what I needed after work.  This time around the portion was literally about 1/2 what it was my first time and the taste was nowhere near as good as it was before.  Sad because it was SO good the first time around.  Judging by the most recent reviews of this place it looks like they're experiencing consistency issues.  I'll try it again for best 2 out of 3.
Thanks to Yelp, my BFF found this place by typing "vegan".  I'm so glad she did, it was VERY GOOD!

While we were ordering our drinks, Turbo Dog for me and Purple Haze for my cohort, the obviously Louisiana-born chef came out and asked if we had ever been there before.  I'm glad he did, because my friend is a pretty hard-core vegan and she wanted to know all of the details.  Stinky's Vegan Gumbo is not automatically vegan.  The veggie chicken isn't but the veggie sausage is, and the side of potato salad isn't, but they can substitute black-eyed peas which are. So she ordered the Stinky Gumbo without chicken, and substituted black-eyed peas for the side, which normally costs $1 extra, but the chef said we could do it, so the waitress waived the extra fee.

Whew!  It was a bit of work, but my friend was very happy to get exactly what she was expecting, and the chef was incredibly knowledgeable and courteous about her questions.  Apparently he was vegan for a bunch of years, vegetarian for a bunch more, and now just has the occasional meat to check out the quality in the restaurant. Perfect!  He even mentioned that he was trying to find a source for vegan chicken so that eventually there would be no substitutions necessary.

In our group we additionally ordered the seafood gumbo, chicken and sausage gumbo, chicken fricasee and hush puppies.  I'm no expert on what is authentic Cajun cuisine, but I do know what I like, and I liked my food a lot.  Everyone else in the group was equally pleased with their dishes.

My big bowl of chicken and sausage gumbo (which I've never had before) was full of chicken, andouille sausage and okra in a spicy soup base with rice.  The okra wasn't even slightly slimy, which was what I was expecting after years of hearing about this much maligned vegetable.  The black-eyed peas were equally spiced and delicious.  My husbands fricasee was a chicken and potato stew with rice and had a slower, but equally significant amount of heat.  

There was a poker tournament going on, so we were really the only diners at the time.  I'm sure that accounts for the level of attention we received from the chef, but it was definitely appreciated.  He came out after we had a chance to sample our meals to make sure that we were happy, and we were.  He also let us know about other social events that he would bring to the location: a variety of bands from metal to country as well as poker tournaments and the like.

The beer was awesome too.  The two brews that my cohort ordered, TurboDog and Purple Haze are both made in Louisiana.  TurboDog is frighteningly dark-looking, without the heavy dark beer taste, think Amberbock if it was actually a good beer.  The Purple Haze is a lighter beer with a slightly peculiar aftertaste, but I only had a sip so I'm not sure what a whole glass would taste like.

The menu contained 3-4 other entrees that I would love to go back and try.  I can't wait to go back!
Lunch with my niece early Sunday.  We started with the fried crawfish, they were good.  I had the fried green tomato poboy, a real disappointment.  The mustard completely overpowered the sandwich. The worst was the processed American cheese stuff.     It wasn't called out on the menu.  My niece had a pasta dish.  Neither of us were impressed.  I may  go back to try the veggie gumbo.
Ok, so I promised I would return one last time for Gumbo after my previous bad experience.  All I can say is HOT DAMN their gumbo is good.  It's back to all it's glory.  After a little chat with the manager he revealed they were having consistency issues but those issues have all been resolved, and he was right.  I might even say their gumbo was better than my first experience and the dirty rice was perfect.  I ate a huge bowl of gumbo and a huge bowl of rice, was so stuffed and uncomfortable I contemplated missing class.... yet I still wanted to eat more.

I also found out they won "Best Gumbo 2008" in some All Cajun Cookoff or something, basically all Cajun joints in Arizona.  Give this place a shot, or another shot if you were there and disappointed.... they were obviously experiencing growing pains and issues with their recipes that have been corrected now.
What a strange experience. 

My sister and I trekked over here for lunch one day, after she had heard good things about it. I wish they had been true. 

The place looks like bar. It is a bar, but I expected it to be a little more cozy considering the emphasis they place on the food. Ah well. 

We ordered a fried chicken sandwich, a fried green tomato sandwich, and tater tots to share. The sandwiches came out with nothing but the cheese on them- no lettuce, tomato, mayo, mustard, etc.- and we reread the menu thinking that we had misinterpreted what a sandwich consisted of here. We were right- the usual sandwich ingredients had been left off. The tater tots were good, but it would take special talent to screw those up.

The server/bartender didn't bother coming back to check on us until we were just about done eating the mediocre food. When he did, I mentioned that the sandwiches were lacking the lettuce and tomato, and he called the cook out. The cook, who looked about 17 and stoned, seemed shocked that he could have forgotten to finish the sandwiches, and asked if we wanted some lettuce. We told him thanks but no thanks, considering we were finished eating. He insisted, offering to bring us a bowl of lettuce. WTF? 

The server was nice enough to offer a small discount for the mess-up, but it was all a bit strange and I don't think I'll be going back.
on recommendation i ordered the Mama's chicken n' sausage gumbo.  this is the dish that won at the Cajun Cook-Off.  very tasty.

hush puppies were so crispy crunchy........very different than Long John Silver's puppies.

tots had a lil xtra spice which was welcome.  whatever aioli they serve the pups and tots with is friggin awesome.  i could eat that  on everything...... really..... i mean ev vvvv rything!

i think everyone should give this place a try.......  really!
like Arnold says: I will b back!
Having a husband from Cajun country (Lafayette), we decided to give Chez Monieux a try. Hubby ordered catfish with okra and hush puppies. I had the red beans and rice. We also ordered a side of dirty rice. After a little wait (reasonable for the food), our food was served. Catfish was nicely breaded, non-greasy, and well-cooked. Okra was lightly breaded, more lightly than most places, but quite good. Hubby didn't let me try the hush puppies, so they must have been excellent! 

As for the red beans and rice, they came on a GIANT flat plate, with a large amount of beans, a fair amount of sausage, and a somewhat small serving of rice, plopped next to the side of the beans. Now, I'm no Cajun, but this is not how red beans and rice should be served. The rice should be on the bottom, and the beans should go on top... That being said, the taste of the beans was decent (although not as mushy as red beans normally are), and the sausage quite good, so I wasn't too disappointed given that this is Cajun food in Arizona.

Finally, the dirty rice... Well, let's just say, this isn't the dirty rice we expected. It was white rice with red and green peppers. Dirty rice is called dirty because it has pieces of chicken liver or giblets in it. I know that sounds a bit gross, but it's authentic and really tasty! So, skip the dirty rice at Chez Monieux .

Chez Monieux's service was very friendly, and everything looked clean enough (though somewhat spartan). I think it would be more lively on a night when they have live music (we actually sat on the stage). Anyway, I'll give them another try with friends, and this time I'll order the catfish!
We absolutely love this place! When we get out for date night, this is where we go. The waitstaff are great and the food is delicious. I always have a hard time deciding what to get because we love it all....from the fried okra to the jambalaya...If you're in the area this place is definitely worth checking out.
Our first time there -- what can I say, a great experience!

We got there about 15 minutes before happy hour ended, so we ordered appetizers (fried crawfish and boudin balls). The crawfish was nicely breaded and crisp and not greasy. The boudin balls were crisp on the outside and hot (temperature) and tasty on the inside. Mmmm! The dipping sauces were flavorful. The four of us finished them off pretty quickly.

For dinner, we ordered crawfish ettouffe, jambalaya and Gramp's seafood gumbo (the big-ass bowl!) The ettouffe was perfect -- very flavorful. So was the jambalaya and the gumbo. The vegetables in the gumbo and jambalaya were fresh, cooked specially for our order.

For dessert, we split a peach cobbler. Mmmm -- just right! The peach flavor and the spices (maybe cinnamon, a hint of clove, and who know what else... Folks, this is hands down the best peach cobbler I have had the pleasure of eating.

As a bonus, the Hurricajuns (http://www.myspace.com/hurricajuns) were playing some great Cajun music. On our way out, I chatted with one of the band members -- he said they were auditioning -- I hope they get invited back! -- I know my wife and I will be keeping our eye out for them!
So I think that I have a tie between my opinion of best Cajun/Creole food in AZ and its between Chez Monieux and Baby Kay's in Phoenix. This place had awesome Boudin balls for appetizers. I love boudin so much! When I lived in Louisiana I ate boudin like it was going out of style. The way I test good Cajun joints is by getting my favorite dish, Crawfish Etouffee and this place has it RIGHT! It was amazing! Go check this place out if you want some authentic cajun food.
Don't bother, the owner fired the cook and staff and brought in new people. This place is doomed.
Sad... This place was good but now it is gone forever. Now where am I going to get my purple haze fix?
It is so hard to find good southern food in this town. So far I have had the shrimp etoufee and and shrimp po'boys. There is nothing fancy about this place, however the food is amazing. Located in of course, a strip mall, next to LA Fitness. Somewhat hard to see, but definetly worth checking out. The prices are great too. Everything is under $10. Their menu has catfish, shrimp, chicken and a few other things. This is just a mom & pop little place which is awesome. I hope this place sticks around.
Eureka! At last, we have found the cajun food we have been long-seeking -- homey, authentic, real deal stuff. Not fancy foo foo "takes" on cajun food. Not watered-down,  dumbed-down versions of cajun food. Just the good, real, stuff, lovingly, and painstakingly prepared with quality ingredients.

Yes, the po' boys are good. The bread is spot-on, the ingredients cooked just right. Even the spicy tartar sauce (ya know, remoulade) is right. But po' boys aren't too much of a challlenge.

The entrees will make you or break you. Since I've only been once (so far!) I've only had opportunity to try the crab landry - garlic bread, sauced with crab stew, and topped with a few fried shrimp.

I could not stop tasting and analyzing that stew. It was full of layers of flavor - smoky, sweet, spicy, earthy, a slight hint of briny - all cooked down and blended into luscious deep brown brew of deliciousness!

The dining room has all the atmosphere of a hospital cafeteria. Can we get some music maybe, at least? But I can easily deal with that, for the sake of the food.
Great mother of Gumbo! Flavors of Louisiana is good homestyle cajun cookin' right here in the desert!

The food has just enough warmth to make your taste buds glow.  The shrimp are huge and juicy... so the po-boy is pure heaven. I wonder if the oyster po-boy is as good.  The Crab Landry (crab gumbo without rice, and 4 fried shrimp atop garlic bread) is amazing.  Jambalaya was tasty too.  I MUST come back on Friday or Saturday to try the seafood gumbo. 

There is plenty of parking.  The dining area and facilities are spotless.   There is no table service.... just a counter.  No frills at all, just fantastic creole comfort food at a great price.
Coming from a shrimping town, it has been painful for me to see the po' boy catch on as one of the latest trendy re-appropriations for the chic foodies who like to brag about their "new urban soul food."

I'm sure some of it is good, but there is something inherently wrong about $12 po' boy sliders.  Which are served on dinner rolls.  And feature lobster and sausage.

Fortunately, on a trip to the strip-mall labyrinth of the West Valley, I found this amazing, amazing place.

The po' boys are actually po' boys.  They make their own sauce, which is delicious.  Simple, fried seafood with lettuce on a chewy baguette.  I've had the shrimp and the oyster varieties, and both tasted crisp and fresh out of the fryer, and practically exploded in my chomper they were so good.

The potato salad is also creamy and delicious, with the subtle balance of sweetness and vinegar that I think is crucial to a good tater salad.  It's not just a bunch of boiled potatoes mashed up with mayonnaise, or some bulk monstrosity ordered from the grocery store.

It's worth waiting til a Thursday to try this place just to get the crab landry.  Good lord.  Sweet crab stew over delicious garlic bread, topped with four fried shrimp.  The dish doesn't look like anything other than two hunks of bread floating in brown sauce, but it will destroy you in the best possible way.

Best of all, the place is family owned and operated.  The restaurant is simple but not boring - one wall is painted purple and gold in celebration of LSU, and the other walls have a few pictures of other memories of Louisiana - but not in a stupid, kitschy way.

They also serve alligator now.

Worth the trip from Phoenix!  Really!
Now I'm not a free giver of "5-Stars"...it takes something special, which I will get to. I find most places take on authentic Cajun cooking to be nothing but a stereotype of heat and Raggin Cajun's accents. The true taste of the food is lost in hell peppers and fire sauce. Flavors of Louisiana offers something that is vastly superior to this concept, authenticity. Cajun cooking (like most southern area's) is all about taking your time when you cook and not rushing it like most places. The restaurant is a little small nook that is easy to miss unless you are looking for it. 

I decided to order the Shrimp Po-Boy and some fries. While I was waiting, the owner was making her rounds talking to the tables and welcoming them, and asking if they needed anything. My food came up quickly and I was out in a dash. The food was amazing. Nice thick cut fries, good taste to the Po-Boy with the most amazing sauce on it. Reading over the menu, there are a lot of dishes I'm eager to try. First time that I've had real honest to goodness Cajun food in a long time. 

Now onto the merit for five stars: I was just standing waiting to grab my food and bolt back to my office like a good drone, and the owner asked me why I was just standing around and not relaxing. I explained I was in a bit of rush to get back to work, and she cut me off to say that "no sane person should ever say that." with just a twang of that Louisiana accent.  I just had to laugh because it hit it's mark. She explained that she was sorry to see me go so soon, because she wanted to make sure I liked my food. That banter is what makes this a five star place. Amazing food, good authentic people, and warm inviting environment.
I have no clue what good Cajun food is b/c I quite literally have never had authentic style Cajun food (I am not counting that Zatarans rice in the box either).  But, after reading the reviews for it on Yelp, I HAD to try it!  

Although I was way too chicken to try the crawfish or the alligator, I did go for some shrimp.  It was fried in this very crispy and light batter with a really tasty seasoning.  I decided on dirty rice as my side.  Dirty rice (I had to ask) is cooked with some pork and beans as well as some strong and flavorful seasonings.  

Flavors of Louisiana is a small place, but was packed when we walked in after seeing a movie early in the evening.  There was a large family and several couples eating in and waiting to take their food out...a very good sign in my opinion!  

If you are in the same situation as me and have no clue about Cajun food...here's what I learned while waiting for my food and reading the educational bit on their menu:  
Authentic Cajun food is actually not spicy as many say, it is actually flavorful, slow cooked, made with love, and full of mouth-watering seasonings.  Interesting.  

FOL is family owned and operated and they are incredibly friendly.  While we were there the owner came out from the kitchen to hug and greet what seemed to be either family friends and/or regular customers two different times.  One couple walked by us on their way out after eating and told us, "This place sure could make someone fat."  I overhead more than one family tell the owner how they will most definitely be coming back and how amazed they were at how delicious everything was.  

I'm not sure if I'll go back only b/c I really have no clue about Cajun style food and what it entails.  But, the shrimp and dirty rice I had were very good and I would have it again if I was in the neighborhood!  Oh, and I almost forgot, the dipping sauce for the shrimp made me want to lick the cup clean after using it for my shrimp...I'm not even sure what the seasonings in it were, but who cares, it was yummy!
Loved this place. the food took me back to my childhood when my mom's friend would visit us from Louisiana and make real backwater Cajun food. The seafood gumbo was spiced just right and was a very large portion. The Shrimp Po'Boy has HUGE, there was enough of the sandwich to feed 3 people. Finally the shrimp etoufee was good both not great. 

The only downside is the restaurant itself....its very small but very busy. It was standing room only when I was there on a Friday night. 
it would be great for a small group but there is only enough room for maybe 30 people in the whole place. 

i WILL be back and I am looking forward to eating yummy Cajun food.
Without a doubt, one of my favorites! Spending many summers in La Fourche Parish in Louisiana, their food brings me right back to the bayou. My favorites are the Shrimp Po Boys, dirty rice and crawfish, but I thoroughly enjoyed everything I've tried there.
Wow. Even Lafayette, LA born Hubby was seriously impressed with Flavors of Louisiana. The restaurant was far from full on a Saturday night, but the customers came in steadily. It is a small place, but very clean, and rather sparsely decorated. At least you can taste right away where their priorities are. 

Hubby had the special of the night- three pieces of tender, perfectly cooked catfish smothered in crawfish etoufee. He had asked for, and was told that he would receive etoufee only, but got the special anyway. He loved it, but this mix-up is the reason for the 4 stars. Even though it was in a darker roux, which he normally does not prefer, he licked his plate clean. I got the shrimp po'boy which came in a large basket with fries. It was two 6" halves of a fresh baguette with lettuce, tomato, a zippy sauce, and plenty of perfectly cooked battered and fried shrimp. Our dining companions had an equally huge and tasty fried oyster po'boy, a side of fresh and tangy cole slaw, and a bowl of delicious seafood gumbo. Nothing was spicy, just super flavorful. The boys got the peach cobbler dessert, and even though we girls both said we didn't much care for peach cobbler, we certainly helped the boys polish off the big bowls when they got to the table. 

Even though FOL is quite a drive for us, we will be back very soon. Please note that as of October 1, 2009, they will be closing early on Saturday nights- 8:00 instead of 9:00 PM.
Wow haven't had such a pleasant dining experience in quite sometime.  First off to be fair to other so called Cajun places in the valley while you are quite good, nothing compare to true Louisiana Cajun and boy that's what this is.  

To start this is literally a mom and daughter joint!  They opened last year and are starting to get quite the following.  The location is a bit tricky but take the ten to dysart road make a right at Rancho Santa Fe and go into the parking lot of LA fitness and Walmart.  The restaurant is located right in front of the LA fitness.  We made the mistake of going to the other side of the road as most people do.  

Inside the decor is quite simple chairs tables, condiment table with forks hot sauce and napkins the typical.  One side of the wall is dedicated to Louisiana State football so if your a Louisiana state football fan you are in good company.  

The food is very good priced.  I started with the gumbo which had all types of seafood as well as rice and an absolutely fabulous broth.  It has to be the best gumbo in town.  They don't put okra in it which kind of takes away the traditional gumbo taste but the cook told me that they do that because a lot of people don't like the okra around here.   I loved it all the same.  Today was the special gumbo and it had fresh oysters in it.  Melt in your mouth Gumbo!

For my main dish I had the catfish, craw-fish and the red beans and rice.  The catfish and craw-fish were both spicy seasoned not spicy hot.  Which helps with not to take away the flavor of the meat.  I was stunned at how both of these fish had no fishy taste to them at all.  It was as if they were caught on the bayou and served to me minutes after the big catch.   The catfish was specially good.  It had a homade cornmeal crust fried to perfection and not goopy take away the flavor fried but perfectly lightly fried.   The craw fish were fried in an absolutely melt in your mouth buttery salty spicy batter again not to over bearing.  The fried stuff comes with some special tarter that is oh so tasty.  The red beans and rice will make you wanting more.  The texture is right on and the flavor is that southern spicy mouth watering rich red beans and rice like mom used to make.  They are addicting.  My girl got the catfish and dirty rice.  Again if you love dirty rice and I mean in a traditional way this is right on the money.  

Overall I think I found a new eat out place.  It is well worth the money and the staff , flavor, and tradition of eating in a place like this makes me wonder how I can bring my self to eat at a chain.  If you want a good home cooked meal with southern hospitality this place is for you.
We had originally attempted to come here a few months ago, but our friends decided it looked "too cheap, dirty, and gross."  Ugh... we swore that we would come back next time we were out in the neck of the woods and I am really glad we did!  

The restaurant is located in an average looking strip mall and the interior is just as average.  That's fine by me though.  Like someone else said in their review, at least I can see where their priorities are.  I ordered the 2 meat combo with shrimp and crawfish tails.  It was served with my choice of side, and I went with the cole slaw.  I was surprised at how flavorful the cole slaw actually was.  The shrimp were big and their outsides were really crispy.  They were quite yummy.  There were tons of baby crawfish tails, battered and fried like the shrimp.  Those were also yummy and quite succulent.  I really really enjoyed my meal.

If you come here, don't make the mistake that I did and not notice the yummy seasoning on the table.  I didn't notice it until after I was full, but I sampled it, and it was DELICIOUS!  I will definitely come back here next time I am in the area.
This place has been a long time coming.  It is damn near impossible for me to make it out to Avondale, ever, but we finally did last weekend and the first thing that sprang to mind was going here.  So very glad we did.

I ordered the chicken & sausage jambalaya and a sweet tea.  Their tea was pretty good, the jambalaya was amazing.  The dirty rice was some of the best I've ever had and the combination of meats and spices was perfect.  Really well done.

I would absolutely go back here if I ever made it out to Avondale again.  The only reason I marked them off is because of the location - far west valley, by a walmart, in a strip mall.  Too bad, downtown needs some decent southern cooking.
Wow!  A bit of the Big Easy on the west side!  You'd never know there could be such good food in such an unassuming place.  I read the reviews here and decided that a little Cajun sounded like the perfect change from the usual. 

So, I was a little hungry and I couldn't decide between the oyster po boy and the catfish combo, so I got both!  Both dishes come with a side so I also got two sides.  I went with the cole slaw to go with the po boy and red beans and rice to go with the catfish.

The po boy was awesome!  The oysters were hot, crisp, tender inside... the bread and the condiments inside were the perfect wrappers to deliver those oysters into my mouth!  The first half of the sandwich was gone before I knew what happened.  Yes.  The first half.  There are two 6-inch sandwiches to this po boy!  

So before starting on the second half of the sandwich, I moved over to the catfish.  Again, I wasn't disappointed.  Lightly battered in corn meal, the catfish was hot, tender and tasty.  But, after having two of those tasty pieces, my stomach realized that there was already a six inch po boy in there and started to complain.  

Realizing the limited resources and limited time before my stomach wins over, I quickly took bites out of each of the remaining side dishes.  Both winners!

Will definitely be back, for the food and the service!
We finally got a chance to eat at Flavors of Louisiana.  We both decided to get the Shrimp PoBoy.  I was really impressed with the flavor.  The shrimp were cooked to perfection.  I would have liked to try other items on the menu but that will have to be another time.  The decor is pretty basic but the food speaks for it self.  If you are looking for some great creole food I recommend hitting up Flavors of Louisiana.
Not so good! I had the aligator and crawfish combo. Both were way over cooked and very tough. The breading was too heavy and didn't have any flavor.
The oyster Po' Boy was amazing!- loved it! The seafood gumbo was terrific- very flavorful, but not thick and gloopy. We also really enjoyed the Cajun chips. The only thing I wish we could have had with our meal was a nice cold beer! The atmosphere is nothing to write home about, small and 'diner-like', but when my brother and I went there a few Fridays ago, the line backed up to the door to place an order.   It was a drive to get out there, but definitely worth it.
WOW! So this is what it must be like to eat at a little place by the bayou like in TRUE BLOOD, except that we have to settle for a small locale in a strip mall. Nevertheless, its all about the delicious food here. 
I had the Poyboy with Shrimp and Fries and KA-CHING, I totally got my money's worth when the delicious french bread toasted to perfection entered my starving mouth. I of course, added some hot sauce and lime to the sandwich which only made it much more tasty and spicy. 

I would have to add that thebreaded shrimp was the highlight of my visit to this place, it was thick, big  and meaty and was seasoned adequately. I only wish the restaurant were bigger so we wouldnt have to hear the patrons conversations in such close quarters. 

Damn, just thinking about my pleasurable moment at FOL I am starting to crave another one of them PoBoys.
Love it! 
Ordered the Po' Boy shrimp with a side of potato salad and was so amazed with the entire dish. I would have to say that this is the best Po' Boy I've ever had. The bread was soft and delicious and the shrimp was plenty and fresh. 
I really wanted to have the oysters, but they were out of stock *sad face.*
Next time I visit, I would like to try the peach cobbler dessert, and I hope they will have the oysters in stock too. So delicious!
I really don't know how I lived in this neighborhood for this long...and didn't realize Flavors of Louisiana was here.

OK, that's not entirely true. This place is tucked in a little strip mall next to the LA Fitness place next to Walmart. If you aren't looking for it, you won't find it.

But you need to find this place. Quickly. This place serves incredibly tasty Cajun food. My wife used to live in SE Texas and says it's as authentic as you'll get.

As other reviewers have already noted, this place won't overwhelm you with ambiance. Which is just fine, because you're here for the food. We had catfish, alligator tails, shrimp, dirty rice, and red beans and rice. It was all fresh, cooked to perfection, and was enhanced by the real Louisiana Hot Sauce. If you like tartar sauce and get fish, make sure you get some of their Cajun tartar sauce. Good stuff, Maynard.

Tip: we got there about 11:30am, and had no trouble finding a seat. But this place gets crazy busy for lunch. Come at noon, and you might want to get it to go.

Tip #2: this isn't a budget place to get food. Po' Boys run about $10, and my plate was $14. But it's worth it. Save up and splurge on great food.
If you're looking for authenic Southern Louisiana cooking in the phoenix area then this is the place to go.  I know it is far drive for a majority of the residents in the valley, but I have to admit it's really worth it.  Located in Avondale right off I-10 in another strip mall like everything else in this metro area is a place for cajun lovers.

The po-boy sandwiches are great and you can choose to have a variety of meat on them such as shrimp, oysters, catfish, crawfish, tilapia, or alligator(I know I just said alligator).   The flavors with spices come together to make a great feast and are not to spicy as true cajun food is not supposed to be to hot over powering the meal.  Not to forget their chicken and gumbo soup.  What a flavorful delight this is!  I highly recommend trying some gumbo while here.

The atmosphere here is somewhat boring looking somewhat like a fast food cafeteria.  The highlight is a wall dedicated for LSU fans with purple and gold as I'm sure the owners are showing off some of their roots.  Prices are average as one person will spend between $9 and $12 which I feel is totally worth it.

I don't frequent this part of town, but when I'm in the area again or on my way to a spring training game in Goodyear I just might have to stop by.  This place is great for anyone wanting to try cajun food for the first time or for the southern style connesiour.
The only thing keeping me from giving the place five stars is the price.  It's a hole-in-the-wall little restuarant and the food is awesome but pricey for the quantity and type of food you get.  For example, a cup (not bowl) of chicken gumbo is $6.50 and red beans and rice is $6.25.  I think that's expensive but maybe others disagree.  The two times we've been there though, we were never disappointed.  I especially liked their boudain balls and the hubby liked the homemade chips.  

Everything there is pretty much fried or smothered in sauce and if you know cajun, you know the sauce is not desirable for those watching their weight!  It's a family-owned business and we always try to support that.  If only their prices were more reasonable, we would go there more often but as far as the food goes, Flavors will not disappoint!
Cmon is that all you got?

I've been searching Phoenix for months for a Cajun place close by so I could save the gas from driving to pappa's. Ordered the shrimp étouffée and wasn't impressed. And I lived in Kenner la for awhile so me and Cajun have met. 

Service was great. Lady hooked me up w an extra side of bread... even tho my fat ass could have used a walk to la fitness. 

Recommendations: po boys, garlic bread, Bo dang balls. Looking forward to giving them a second chance sometime soon.
This is the best Cajun place in Arizona. The portions are great and the people behind the counter are really nice. I love gumbo and I have tried several kinds here and all of them were excellent. Yes the decor isn't 5 stars but seriously if you're more worried about mood lighting and soft cushions you can go to Pappadeaux's and get charged an arm and a leg for lower quality food. the drive and the price are definitely worth it for this place.
THANK GOD!!! I have finally found a REAL Cajun place here in the big AZ. It is a bit of a drive for me but at least I can get my fix of real Cajun food when I need it. 
   So far I have tried the Boudin balls, the red beans and rice, the oyster Po-boy, the catfish, the dirty rice, the shrimp creole, the deep fried shrimp, the seafood gumbo and the peach cobbler. EVERYTHING was excellent except the peach cobbler. But I will admit I am not a peach cobbler fan to begin with. The bread they use for the Po-boys is fantastic. Very good flavor and nice and soft but not to soft to be mushy by the second bite. There shrimp is some of the best I have ever had. Light as can be with a fantastic flavor. The service was great as well. The two sisters that run the place were very nice and helpful. 
    I recommend giving this place a try, I know you wont regret it. I would  eat here more often but its 26 miles one way. One of the sisters did mention they are going to be opening another place just like this by Arrowhead mall in about a year. This is good and bad. Good that I can get my Cajun fix much more often. Bad because I may end up weighing 400lbs in a month. This food is just damn good.
Can't wait to go here again. Had the shrimp po-boy and some homemade banana pudding. I'll write more as I try different things on the menu, but what I did have was delicious.
This. Place. Is. GOOD. Very good! My husband had been nagging me to try this little place, but we are late dinner people when we're out, so the "earlier than most restaurant closing hours" didn't mesh with our schedule for a few weeks. It was worth the hassle to coordinate!! The Dirty Rice was incredible, and may just be my new favorite order out comfort food. We also had fried oyster Po' Boys, and oh my heck, they were THE most incredible sandwiches EVER. Give this tiny lil place a try, family and locally owned!!!!
Ok, so I'm no expert on cajun food, at all.  To be completely honest the only experience I've had are through Anthony bourdain on the travel channel and a botched birthday meal at papa deaux.  After stumbling upon this place on yelp while at work, it was all I could do to not call out for the rest of the day and satisfy my craving for dirty rice right then.  When I did get off I grabbed my hubby and drove all the way to Avondale.  He ordered the sausage po boy, with cajun chips and cole slaw, and I had the Friday special, it was shrimp in a gravy over rice, dirty for me, I have no idea what it was called.  The shrimp was amazing, the spicy smoky flavors over the dirty the dirty rice hit the spot.  ITs a good thing mine was so good or my fiancé would have had to fight me for his po boy, that sausage was to die for.  I love the cole slaw, but thought the chips were so so, He loved the chips and thought the cole slaw was so so.  The employees were friendly the prices were good.  The decor was... colorful...  Overall, big fan.

P.S. Beer would be nice.
Got the oyster Po-Boy & rice and beans side & my husband got the shrimp Po-Boy and seafood gumbo side.  Yummy and tasted authentic.

Take note that the Po-Boy is HUGE and could be eaten by 2 people, especially if you each order sides.  I felt that after eating 3/4 of the oyster Po-Boy, I got a bit sick of it because it wasn't balanced by something more light.  I was craving a piece of fruit or something to lighten up my palatte so I could finish the Po-Boy.  I could've been happy with just half the Po-Boy.
I was the first customer in today when they opened.
I was about to order what I thought was too much food at too much money, when I saw the lunch specials on the back page.
So - for under $10, I got to try the gumbo AND a po boy!  I opted for the catfish po boy, gladly accepted the side or Louisiana Hot Sauce (I am out at home!) and took the food home with me.
I was very impressed with the po boy - fish was hot, crisp and moist - bread was perfect - lettuce and tomato fresh as can be!  I honestly couldn't tell if it was dressed with mayo or remoulade (guessing it was a combo of the two...not enough flavor to be remoulade, too much for mayo) - but once I put some Red Spot on it, the sauce didn't matter too much, anyway.
That filled me up, so the gumbo was eaten out of the fridge a few hours later.  The chicken pieces were big and moist, the andouille was sliced thin and the overall flavor was so smokey perfect I was sad to only have a small cup of it!
When I first was taught to make gumbo, I heard you need to either use okra OR file.  (A powder made from sassafras.)  I generally use both - but the lack of okra didn't detract from the perfect balance this gumbo was!
A coworker commented to me several weeks ago the gumbo was too "soupy."  Not sure what his gripe was here...every bowl of gumbo I enjoyed in NOLA was just this texture.
Happily, my sister lives nearby - so now that I have been, I will be back again and again!

(Note to Miss Jennifer - I will be in on Saturday to enjoy a beignet!  I hope the coffee is with chickory!)
I had the shrimp po boy, dirty rice, and catfish with some delish sweet tea!!! ALL was excellent and we received very good service all around...will be back soon!!

You can also get delivery here through You Buy and We Fly: http://youbuyandwefly.deliverycheckout.com/
This place is way tasty!!!  I ordered the shrimp Po Boy and some Jambalaya.  I wasn't aware the sandwich came with a side order of your choice.....I got the red beans and rice...   The bread the sandwich comes on is so fluffy and fresh, the shrimp are crusted with panko I believe.  The shrimp and fixings are super fresh tasting too.  I will definitely be coming back.  I gave a 4 stars out of 5 just because I was craving a Muffaletta and it wasn't even on the menu, and also for them being closed on a Sunday.  I drove a distance and didn't know that they would be closed on a Sunday, so I was a little upset about that.  But set that aside and the staff was friendly and the food top notch.  Try it out it's good stuff.
I haven't reviewed Flavors of Louisiana yet? Really?!
Well, let me tell you, I've been there a lot of times, and they do it RIGHT. There aren't a lot of tables, but I can't remember ever seeing people waiting for a seat despite a constant flow of traffic in and out of the place.
I had their oyster po boy and it was really good. They used a great balance of corn meal to flour (slightly more corn meal, making it crispier and trapping the juiciness inside better). They knew what I meant when I said "make it dressed with hot sauce." The bread almost tasted fried, but it is the best French bread this side of the Mississippi River. The oysters were definitely from the Gulf; it was a fantastic taste of home.
I had my 2 girls with me, and I ordered their daily special; fried catfish smothered in shrimp etoufee. I had them serve it separately, and my older girl loved the etoufee, while my younger loved the catfish.
I also had their red beans and rice, and that held its own. I wasn't crazy about their rendition of chicken and sausage gumbo, as it wasn't dark enough, but the seafood gumbo was very good. They diced up the holy trinity (celery, onion, bell pepper) to appropriate sizes.
A word of warning; the sweet tea is done too sweet for some Southerners and definitely too sweet for most in Phoenix. Get the regular and sweeten it yourself.
They could use more drink options (no alcoholic beverages), and they ran out of 2 dishes plus their bread pudding on my last visit, but if you want truly authentic cajun seafood, this is the place to go. It's one of maybe 10 restaurants of ANY kind in the Valley that could survive in New Orleans, and when you're able to do that with non-local seafood, that's pretty darn impressive.
Be aware that they're closed on Mondays; I've made the trek to Avondale more than once to discover that I picked the wrong day.
Dear Flavors of Louisiana, 

I love you. 

- Kristen A. 

We had the crab landry and scrimp po'boy last night. Amazing as always! No matter what we get, I am never disappointed. No matter how slammed this place is, the service is stellar. They always make us feel like we are not only welcome, but family. I will see you soon flavors.
I ordered the catfish po'boy, chicken gumbo, and the red beans and rice... the po'boy was pretty good while the gumbo was ok at best, i will never recommend the red beans and rice. Not the greatest place but i will revisit for the alligator po'boy and sea food gumbo, so far i am unimpressed but i'll go here before i drive all over the valley to get my cajun fix... i just hope the second time will be better
OK, so you are probably wondering why is a NY gal writing a review on a Creole restaurant? I thought the same thing. I do not like Creole food per say ( Crawfish and Aliigator-??? seriously? Teehee. I still have nightmares  of those lil crawfish guys screaming when my friends had to cook them live at the catering resort I used to work at)  but I take chances on eating so when my friend said, "Lets go here my hubbie likes it and we can bring him some take out".  I said, "sure". (I always forget Cajun style cooking is not the same as Creole food-lol!) Add to the fact I am on a diet and really there wasn't much I could eat here since everything is deep fried and i do not like catfish. But this is what I observed while I was there. The southern customers in this place were raving about it. It is one of the few places they told me ( if not only) around town that has alligator if you like that. And now the reason for my review. Ok , wait for it-------The BREAD PUDDING! OMG! it is delish here! Some of the best I have ever had. Now they serve it with this white, sweet whiskey sauce. My friend and I have no pride and no shame so we were actually drinking the stuff right out of the little to go container. We were probably drunk all afternoon. LOL! Nay the alcohol cooks off so they say, but does it????HMMMMM!  But folks you heard it here first go and try it. So if you like Creole food you might like it. ( my friend says their portions are to small) But more importantly if you like dessert first, go for the bread pudding, like daily and if you like fancy whiskey sauce move in- I heard they have a cot in the kitchen-teehee!. Ok so there is my light-hearted review. Enjoy. I will go back and try a Poboy for sure. I had these rice style deep fried balls that were really gross! I definitely won't be ordering them again! (But they are suppose to be a southern comfort food-BLAH!!!!!!)
As a Louisiana native, I was not impressed.
I just recently visited NOLA and I'm so excited I found Flavors of Louisiana. I love that I can get alligator here! Sure, it's a tad pricey but Arizona doesn't exactly have local gators so it's very worth it. Everything looks and smells amazing every time I go in, but I just can't stray away from my fried alligator Po'Boy...delicious!! 

Also, try the locally brewed Sonoran root beer...it's the perfect beverage for their sandwiches. LOVE this place!
I would have to say that my husband and I didn't enjoy our experience here, we ordered two po boy sandwiches and two fountain drinks and the total bill was almost $30.00, for that price we could've had a sit down dinner and not fast food creole. As we ate, the server's children ran rampant through the restaurant, and there was discussion about whether she or her mother were going to be working or taking care of the children the following day. Then my husband walked up to the counter to get me a to go container and while he was talking to her, she answers her cell phone and practically ignores him. Terrible service and atmosphere, the po boys were actually good but not worth $10-13 a piece. We thought they had made a mistake on our bill when we saw it was $27.00, that's pricey for fast food sandwiches!
Fantastic. Shrimp creole was great. So was the chicken and sausage gumbo. I will be coming back.
Sooo Good. Shrimp Po' Boy is my fav, but everything is worth the price and the drive.
Po Boy was awesome, i suggest catfish, craw fish, or gator. 
price is good, they also knocked down the wall so it's bigger now.
They are also now open on Mondays.


USEFUL?!?!
We went back of a long overdue visit, and were surprised to find that they really spruced up the place! They have expanded into the space next door, and dressed it up with bright colors, a fanciful bayou-themed mural, and tablecloths. Yes, there is even now some zydeco to serenade you while you eat.

As always, the food is just as good as I remembered. Maybe even better.
I had a shrimp po' boy when I came here and it was delicious! The shrimp was crisp and the bread was fresh.

The only problem was the wait. I had to wait over 20 minutes for a po' boy and a sandwich. Maybe it was because I went on a Friday or maybe it could be contributed to the time went into making it. None the less, waiting for food that long on a to-go order wasn't what I expected.

The owner was very friendly and even offered samples to those who did not know what gumbo.

If you're looking for a fancy Cajun restaurant this is not it. The decor was nothing to brag about. But if you want to impress your family and friends by taking them to a place with good down home cooking then definitely stop by and give them a try!
Love the food and the non-casual atmosphere. A haven for a seafood junky like me :o)
Went with the family and I had the crawfish po'boy and my brother had the Saturdays catfish special. We both enjoyed our meal, I loved the bread the po'boy was served with!  I love seeing local businesses with great offerings. If ur around u should try it out!
First time ever having Cajun food and I was so pleased and surprised. I took my husband here for our anniversary because its been so long since he has had Cajun food. I was very nervous and he was hoping it would meet the standards of the food he had in Louisiana. I had no reason to be worried if I would like it. He ordered boudan balls and I had fried gator po boy. Omg. So good. The atmosphere was very casual yet so friendly. The woman who helped us was very helpful and we tried some samples and "momma" made crackling...wow so good. I took some home. Oh and the pecan cheese cake was the topping on the cake. All around a great night.
Okay, the place is no frills, simple, would almost qualify for Triple D... Except, it TASTES good.  We've been to a few Triple D joints and most have been disappointing, making me wonder how much they pay to grab Guy's attention and the publicity.  Flavors of Louisiana brings it!!!!  Flavor, taste, smell, appearance, and portion... All good.  What would make them great?  One thing... Liquor license... so I could have a beer with my fab fish!

Glad I grabbed the 'go' box because I had serious craving the next day. It reheated perfectly and I learned that the flavor was really the ingredients and not over saturation of grease.

Momma loved her Gumbo and appreciated that there were NOT huge slimy chunks of okra in it.  The main man and I had oysters, chicken, and catfish... All worthy of ordering again and again and again.  I enjoyed the tater salad but we both thought the dirty rice could have used more meat in much, much larger pieces.  As it was the meat was so minimal and small it could not be tasted even though I could see it... That, and the lack of beer, were the only down sides to our kickin' Lous-E-anna experience!
Second visit, second wow!  As a displaced coastal Texan, I miss great seafood and the the flavors of Cajun friend's cooking.  I think I have found a new home.  The gumbo is thinner than I prefer, but is otherwise to die for.  All of my order was served too hot (thermally) to eat.  It is a bit cruel to have to smell the aroma of great food while waiting for it to cool.  Clearly, everything is cooked to order.  Service is a bit slow, but very worth the wait.  A lot quicker than a flight to Louisiana.  

This visit they were out of bread pudding with bourbon sauce . . . darn.  After I ordered fried green tomatoes, they let me know they were out  also . . . darn.  After stuffing myself on seafood gumbo, fried catfish, boudin balls and red beans and rice, I saw banana pudding on the daily special menu.  The waitress said it was scratch made.  OK, this was a challenge.  Restaurants usually open a number 10 can of pudding and adorn with some sliced bananas.  I've never had decent banana pudding unless I made it because I make excellent banana pudding.  Wow, this one was too close to call.  Definitely scratch made.  

A bit pricey for a plain diner style restaurant.  I paid around $30 for my dinner.  As a food snob, I usually don't get out of restaurants for under $75.  If you want cheap, stick to McDonald's.  Quality is worth the price.  I got more than my monies worth. 

So, in two visits, I've been impressed twice.  Thanks for serving my ultimate comfort food.
Absolutely awesome food.  I love their fried catfish, whether it's in a po boy or all by its lonesome.  I come from Nebraska, where we get fresh catfish right out of the lake and fry it up that night, so I'm a bit of a catfish snob.  I give their fish the thumbs up.

Every time I've been here, I've loved everything about the place and prior to my most recent experience, I would have given them 5 stars, hands down.  However, I had a strange experience with one of the servers there this past weekend and can't get over it.

I ordered the catfish dinner, which specifically states on the menu is 4 catfish strips, a side, and a roll.  Everything comes out, tastes great, and I notice after eating a couple of french fries that I only have 3 strips.  No big deal, I went up to the counter with the food to let them know they forgot one, and asked if I could please get the 4th.  Well, the server taking the orders at the registers just stared at me when I asked.  I didn't really know what to do except repeat myself and I even asked her if I was correct, while showing her on the menu where it says 4 strips.  She continued to stare at me incredulously until she finally said "Fine, I'll bring you another one."

...

Okayyyyy.  So odd.  It's not like I ate a strip as fast as I could and ran up there to report to her that I was missing one, hoping against hope that I'd con them out of an extra catfish.  I mean, it's wonderful, but I'm not that desperate.

Other than that, the place is great and I totally recommend it.  Hopefully, the server was just having an off day and there won't be a repeat of rudeness :).
I'm totally in a wonderful state of shock.  Not even a week after writing my review, the owner of the restaurant sent me a private message apologizing for the experience I had and offered to comp my next meal.  What a wonderful, attentive business owner.  The fact that I only have 4 reviews and am a relatively new Yelper didn't matter a bit.  Mad props to Flavors, I am completely impressed.
Wow what a great little place. Growing up in Louisiana and longing for a shrimp or Po-boy, Flavor of Louisiana you have answered the mail and talk value, you get your monies worth...........
True Louisiana cooking!

Staff is helpful and if you have a question about a food they carry they give you a sample. 

Dessert is a must and 2 people can easily share 1 plate.
Delicious. Enough said. Oh and the customer service is always good. Best family owned restaurant in the area. I'm going again right now.
The food was AWESOME!!  I am impressed and I have suggested it MORE than once!! They are very welcoming to the military members.  Didn't get the banana pudding so I am sad about that but I am going back to get some!

Putting the word out!
Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Robyn N. & Mike C.  It's just a mid-sized cafe sort of a place, but I thought my meal was terrific!  I had an Alligator Po-Boy & fries (well done).  It was the first time I had ever tried alligator, & it was delicious, as was the whole sandwich.  The fries were tops too...  a generous serving, crispy outside & not greasy.

Alligator Po-Boy & Fries $9.50     Yum!!     :-))
I need to qualify my review with the fact that I did not eat there, that does not mean that l did not try, my experience mirrors that of many others. At 630 on a Thursday night l foung 8 patrons inside,
2 eating....
4 at various tables nursing their 3rd refils of self service pop...
2 lonely souls standing in line at an unoccupied register.
when l querried the people in line as to how long they had been there and how long it had been since they had seen a live employee they replied "more than 5 minutes" l put my menu down and drove the 5 minutes to Raul and Teresa's on Litchfield road and had a great meal
The food here is excellent! The service is excellent! I'm hooked. I have been here a bunch of times. If anyone has a bad experience at this restaurant, I highly recommend you say something to them! They will fix it. And if you leave unhappy, go back and give them another try.
I wanted to try something different and unique and came across this place. They serve shrimp, crawfish and alligator amongst other things.

So I decided to do something in the middle. I chose the 6" Crawfish po boy sandwich. Came with lettuce, tomatoes and a special sauce. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8Vpfy_WtcVvZS8Wfz7JQJA?select=mB5BltElI3XPFBiM7gH4eg Despite having this sauce on the sandwich, the crawfish was a bit dry, but some Louisiana hot sauce fixed that. The bread was thick and crispy too.

From my understanding, after talking with a couple of Louisana folks, that "po boys" are usually pretty cheap. But my 6" sandwich was $10 and that's a little bit higher than usual.

For my side, I upgraded with a $1 more, and got a small cup of chicken and sausage gumbo. Very hot and spicy. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8Vpfy_WtcVvZS8Wfz7JQJA?select=O1O8644v0j73kL-7e5C73Q Great stuff. I should have ate this concurrently with the sandwich instead of eating the soup first. The sandwich could have tasted better if I dipped it directly into the gumbo, who knows.

I also tried a big bottle of Sonoran root beer. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8Vpfy_WtcVvZS8Wfz7JQJA?select=hgSfK9VzLLuKS4WKpiC15A Very refreshing Arizona root beer. I liked their bottle label too. Cool stuff.

So if you want to try something different, this place has several choices for you. The prices are slightly elevated but give it a shot.
Very authentic. Great Gumbo.
Me and my wife (both chefs) stopped in for a date night.  We wanted something a little different and not from a chain restaurant.  We started off with fried pickles, my wife is a huge fan of pickles but, gasp, had never had them fried.  They were an amazing start to our meal.  She chose a muffaletta with cajun chips for her entree.  The chips with cut thick, which is rare to find, but delicious.  The meat on the sandwich was great and the actual mix was so good, I could have eaten it on damn near anything.  I had the two meat plate with alligator and shrimp, the alligator had good flavor but was a little bit chewy.  The shrimp were perfect; not too much breading and cooked perfectly.  
The staff was so friendly and explained all of their sauces and were everything you would want from food service staff.  The plus about it is the fact that it is a locally owned, family owned restaurant.  We're already spreading the word.
Have eaten here many times and is one of our favorites in town. The food is spectacular and we look forward to it on a regular basis. I can't speak to all of the menu because I like the shrimp po-boy and red beans and rice so much it is all I ever get. I don't think I've had a better sandwich.

I did have a small service issue a couple months ago and the owner bent over backwards to make it right and resolved my issue completely.

Went back for lunch today and was better than ever.
my boyfriend and I stopped by for an early dinner and there are zero complaints about this location.  It's a small shop, family-owned and the food was amazing (as long as you like cajun-style food).  My boyfriend is a huge fan of cajun food, spent a lot of time in New Orleans and loved the authenticity of FOL.  I am not nearly as familiar with cajun food and tried the fried pickles and alligator combo.  I loved it.  The helping was GENEROUS and definitely enough for leftovers.  The restaurant is going to be opening a second location in Phoenix and it should definitely be visited.
Let's start by disclosing that I grew up in New Orleans, went to school in Lafayette (home of the Ragin Cajuns), and REALLY know good New Orleans/cajun food. I grew up eating great po-boys, gumbo, red beans, and wouldn't consider eating any of these if not well prepared. That said, I can truly say that Jennifer and the Flavors of Louisiana gang make cajun food as good as any you'll find in New Orleans--SERIOUSLY. The po-boys are spot on (though the bread could be a little crustier) and the chicken & andouille gumbo is even better than mine--and, I assure you, that's DAMN GOOD. Frankly, I've never had better. The only thing that is not "as good as it gets" is the red beans and rice. They're good, but not quite the creamy "Washday Monday" staple that I grew up on. My cajun grandmother has Jennifer beat on that one, but not by much. 

But, if you want a special treat and want to taste something that kills all, get a sausage po-boy. Hot sausage or smoked sausage po-boys are a New Orleans staple and my favorite po-boys of all. But, Jennifer blows them all away with her home-made andouille. Simply put, I've never had better sausage--ever. It's the reason her gumbo is soooo good and her po-boy the best ever.

I've eaten at Flavors many times, even though I live across town. Every time I go, I eat like a pig and bring some home to eat later. I have no affiliation with the restaurant, but wanted to post this as a review from someone who really knows New Orleans food and as a thank you to Jennifer and her crew for giving me a source for the best flavors in the World (not just Louisiana). As a matter of fact, I even overlook the fact that Jennifer is from Baton Rouge, instead of New Orleans or Lafayette and for not having any USL/UL Lafayette paraphernalia on the LSU/Saints wall. At least that is, so long as she keeps her promise to open another restaurant on the east side of town--that is, a lot closer to where I live.

If you want the ONLY good cajun food in Phoenix, treat yourself to Flavors of Louisiana. For me, it's just like a visit to any of my favorite po-boy shops in the old neighborhoods. It really is that good.
I love this restaurant!! I have to stop by every time I'm in Arizona. I recommend the shrimp po'boy, delicious.
Visited this place with co-workers and ended up going three times in a week.  It's uber-yum, comfort food type of fare.  I'm not knowledgeable about Cajun food, but one person I know from Louisiana who has been to this place said it's, "Really, really good.  You have to try her Mufasala!"  And yes, I'm translating that last word.  All I recall is that is sounded like the name of Simba's father.  

I have had the chicken and sausage gumbo, the shrimp etoffee (sp?), and the crab landry.  All were worth the visit.

Nice crew serving.  Fast and conversational.  It's cafeteria style after you order and have your food, though.  Self-serve drinks and table busing.

Pretty sure that if you visit, this place will be one of your regular spots, too.
Their gumbo is awesome, full of flavor but not too spicy or overpowering.  They also have good fries for the kids.
The food taste great! We have eaten here 2 nights in a row and they have yet to disappoint. 1st night was the catfish & oyster combo and my hubby had the shrimp Po Boy,  It was a pretty hefty serving of deliciousness! 2nd night was the gumbo and red beans & rice plate, totally hit the spot. They even serve alligator. I love this place!!!
I used to live in Beaumont, TX which is about 30 minutes from LA. As a result, I would eat killer cajun food. Since I moved from there I haven't had anything as good UNTIL I came to Flavors of LA! U gotta have the boudin balls but have them roll them in cornmeal instead of flour. The catfish is great and the red beans and rice to die for!!!! Enjoy
I love this place. I have been in my home for just about two years and I am sad that I found this treasure just about seven months ago. What was I missing? So much goodness, that's what. I order everything with a few boudin balls!!! The people who work there are really nice. I was not sure if I wanted to order dessert and they offered me a taste. The bread pudding is wonderful. It has no yucky raisins and the greatest sauce ever to pour on top. If atmosphere is your thing than this may not be the place for you. Forget that...it's the place for anyone. I get takeout from them once or twice a month and they never disappoint.
Second time at this restaurant and it was just as yummy as before. Great specials, great food and great service.
Ok so lets start off with that I was really excited to try this place. I have been on this cajun food kick since my unexpected cancellation of my New Orleans trip and having a big Mari gra pot luck at work. I read the reviews and saw nothing but good things about this place. Javier and I went here on a Friday about 2 weeks ago. We both ordered the same thing. ( I usually like to order different things so we can taste each others food). We had a shrimp po boy with seafood gumbo and sweet tea. Lets start off with the good. The po boy was delicious, I liked it alot. The portion was huge, we ordered the half one and it was still a very good size so I could imagine the full size one. The bread was toasty but not too hard and the sauce in the po boy had a really good flavor. I topped it off with some Louisianna hot sauce which made it just that much more better. Second, the sweet tea was delicious. I love that it was brewed tea not the typical fountain nestea kind filled with artifical flavor. Since Javier and I both dont drink sodas finding a good beverage alternative is always a plus. Ok and now for the bad, and I really hate to do this because I really wanted to like this place alot. Im picky in the kind of seafood I eat, so I asked the cashier what kind of seafood in the gumbo. Given that I was in there on a Friday during Lent this was the only kind available. They had told me only shrimp and crab, perfect since those are two kinds of seafood I actually like. So when we get our order the gumbo smells really fishy, not typical of shell fish. I look through it and it looks as there is crawfish in there as well. I know for sure I do not like crawfish and if they would have told me that was included in the gumbo I for sure would have ordered another side. This isnt even the worse part. In Javier's gumbo there was something green and slimey looking. We had no idea what it was, looked like it could have been octopus tentacles or fish guts. Really it was that wierd looking. I now wish I would have taken a picture of it just to find out what the heck it was. Now I can admit I am a hard person to please with food, Javier on the other hand will eat almost about anything. Now for something to make this man not finish his food has to be really bad. Also the place was kind of pricy, our total bill was $14.00 and that included a buy one get one free meal coupon from the Entertainment book and 2 drinks. Needless to say we will not be returning. Yes I loved the sweet tea and the po boy, this was not enough to return back or to spend our $$$ there.
Dunkin catfish was my fav but everything was good.
We went thre for lunch,  it was not too busy.  Husband and I both ordered catfish, I had red beans and rice and he had gumbo.  I liked the catfish but did not care for the red beans and rice.  I tried my husbands gumbo, did not like it either.  But thats just me cause he seemed to like it.  Im not sure we will go  back as it is a bit pricey.  They had NO sweet tea and the unsweetened tasted awful so opted for soda.   I have never had a muffeletta and want to try one, dont see a review here for that.  Oh and with no one there, the service was VERY slow, waited forever for food, was freezing in the dininig area.  Eating out of strofoam is never my idea of eating out either.

Well have been back twice since, the muffeletta was delicious, the bread was outstanding. I only order the catfish and fries as that seems to always be delicious and my favourite,  it grows on you and when you want hot catfish this is the place to go.  Service was better this time.  Husband has been there twice without me for a gator poorboy but so far they have been out.   Oh and the tea was fresh and tasted good these last two times.   He likes the gumbo,  I do not.
We were in the neighborhood looking for something to eat and with the positive yelp ratings, we decided to try Flavors of Louisiana. 

We arrived at 7:40 on a Saturday night and were surprised to realize that it closed at 8pm. In my opinion, that seems a bit early to close on a Saturday night.  The decor was charming with a wood plank-like floor and Burbon Street meets bayou decor. Upon entering, we stepped up to a window and ordered: fried pickle appetizer, I had the chicken and shrimp dinner and the husband had the crawfish po' boy. We also ordered the peach cobbler for dessert.

Now a $6 appetizer seemed a bit steep, but when we received the food, it was enough for 6 people! They were full strips of pickles -- not little picke chips. And they were delicious! I love fried pickles.

I guess when you get down to it, it's all just deliciously spiced fried food, but this was really good! It was not too spicy which is sometimes a problem with Cajun food.all of the accompanying sauces were very flavorful and added a lot to the food. My husband really liked his po' boy as well. Included with each meal is a delicious fried roll. I mean, really. Who knew that southern food had a doughnut equivalent. OK, so it's not a doughnut. it's a deep fried dinner roll -- crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It's a really great invention.

After chowing down on the generous portions, we ended up taking up the peach cobbler and ice cream home. Now maybe it was because we took it home, but I didn't really like the peach cobbler. I expected it to be more peachy and buttery.  My husband ended up eating most of it.

So my nutritionist will kill me when she finds out about this meal, but for a cheat meal, it totally hit the spot. If I am ever back in Goodyear, (which is not very often) I would love to eat here again. We will probably make a trip out there to take my mother-in-law, who LOVES etoufee. We are fans!
Despite the nondescript outside, the onslaught of the spirits of the South that assault your nostrils tells you a totally different story. Guess there is a deficit on gator at the moment until June which was a tad disappointing but the girl behind the counter, daughter of the owner and (from the accent) a transplant from the south, was the most accommodating person ever and made us feel like family with alternate selections. 

Had both the fried green tomatoes and the fried pickles. Each were excellent in their own right, with either a Cajun mustard or remoulade sauce. I had the Dunkin Catfish; 3 large strips of catfish, breaded by angels, and covered in crawfish entouffee. The amount of food was amazing.  If it's your first time there, plan on spending more than the one-$ listed, the more authentic creole dishes are a tad more pricey but completely worth it. 

Word to the wise, save room for dessert, the peach cobbler was amazingly over the top.
The food at Flavors of Louisiana really is spectacular and we look forward to eating here on a regular basis. Excellent Catfish, Gumbo, Red beans and Rice, Smoked Sausage. I am looking forward to trying other dishes. This is a must try!!  =0)
Best food I have had outside of Louisiana. I took my mom here on her last visit. That was all she wanted the next two days she was here.
An amazing place to eat. I lived in the south for about 6 months, so when i first went here and heard accents, and obvious displaced southern folk, i knew this place was gonna be good. Everything i have eaten here is delicious, and the staff are incredibly friendly. Do yourself a favor and check this place out. and if you feel bad you can go burn off what you ate at LA fitness next door
Yum!  Best fried catfish I have ever had.  The staff is super friendly the food is great.  The desert menu changes daily but if you have the chance to try the bread pudding, go for it!  The shrimp etouffe is a great buttery, garlic wonderland in your mouth.
I was not impressed by this and I really wanted to be. 

I got the gumbo and shrimp po-boy. I have had po-boy's in St. Louis which shares a lot of food culture with Louisiana and this one just wasn't up to par. It seemed like frozen popcorn shrimp on some bread with a ton of mayo and some lettuce. 

The gumbo was kind of bland and reminded me of the stuff from a progresso can.

I may be willing to give this place another shot but it won't be until after I finish exploring my other lunch options in the area.
We are always loking for places to eat that remind us of places we've lived or visited.  On this day it seemed like a good day for a Louisiana roast beef po-boy. We've been to Johnny's and to Pakway's several times in New Orleans and they both serve these amazing hot roast beef po-boys, dripping in sauce (mixture of beef au jus and mayo) topped lightly with a little lettuce, a few tomatoes and pickles all wrapped up in a very crunchy baguette role. So we Yelped po-boy places and Flavors of Louisiana popped up.  At first we had a hard time finding the Flavors of Louisiana.  Its set off the very busiy road in a small strip center, so look for their sign atop the building.  The Yelp directions will take you right to it. 

Well we were hopping to find a roast beef po-boy like we would get at Johnny's or Parkway's in New Orleans but... not here unfortunately.  What we did find was an amazing shrimp po-boy and some excellent fried catfish topped with crawfish étouffée.   Both were very good and very similar to what we would find in New Orleans.  We also had some gumbo, which was good but missing the roux was too thin and missing the andouille sausage but had plenty of shrimp and crab.  

This is a great place to eat if you're craving some southern fried catfish or even a fried shrimp po-boy!  You won't be disappointed!
I have no earthly clue why I haven't written this review before now... although it probably has something to do with my hands being busy shoveling catfish into my mouth. 

I can't say enough about how much I LOVE this place! I'm not much of a fish person, but I would smack my mama for some Flavors of Louisiana fried catfish. (Just kidding, Mom!) I'm also a huge fan of their shrimp po' boys, fried shrimp, peach cobbler and bread pudding - pretty much everything I've tried. A friend of mine swears there's nothing better than their dunkin' catfish (served on Saturday), but I haven't tried it yet. If it ain't broke, don't fix it, and I've been ordering the catfish, shrimp and fries for the last year at least. 

Tip: don't you dare skip the dinner roll. It's delicious and worth every carb!
Po Boys here are great. I switch between Alligator, Crawfish and Shrimp.  They're all tasty.
Mmmmmm mazing... Fried alligator po boy! Best service! Staff is friendly! Great environment! I love it!
I talked my family in to going there for my birthday. I am one of those people who can eat anything with out getting sick. This place did the trick! I was sick for 24 hours. If you take the fryer out of that restaurant they won't be able to cook at all. Even the dinner roll saw the inside of the deep fryer! I so wanted it to be good. Very sad it wasn't!
The po boys were the best! Catfish and shrimp po boys are recommended! The jambalaya on Monday's are great that was a small portion but still good! The chicken strips also a great choice!
As always the food and service were exceptional. The Oyster poboy is flavorful and the red beans and rice is great. Great place to eat.
Great food, great prices, amazing portions.. try anything on the menu and you will be satisfied.
We really enjoy going to Flavors of Louisiana. It is a very pleasant place to go to. The service is always very attentive, very nice, and clean.
We love that they have daily specials, but also, on Mondays our kids eat free, with a paid entreé, what is there not to love. We are a family that enjoys eating, and going out to eat, and this kinds of deals are what we look for, plus, he food is great!
We usually get the Po'Boys, me the shrimp, my husband gets either the crawfish or the alligator, when he feels brave enough. I've also had the Chicken and Gumbo dish, with dirty rice and a side of Potato Salad, spicy and delicious!
They boys used to get the corn dogs, but have discovered that their catfish is delicious... I have to confess that when they can't finish their dishes, I don't mind at all helping them out with the tasty catfish. All of these with regular French Fries, or Cajun Chips, both are really good.
I really do recommend this place! You have got to go!
This is quickly becoming my favorite place to eat out! Everything I have had here has been excellent. The shrimp po boy is wonderful and the gumbo, wow! I tried the catfish for the first time today and it was perfect. Every time I leave this place I'm planning the next time I'm going to come back.
Absolutely delicious! Catfish, boudin balls, shrimp étouffée, all scrumptious. Have never eaten Cajun before, I am amazed... Will be back!!!!
Cajun/Creole in the West Valley.....wow what a treat. Now while on this day I didn't have any of the food entree's.... I did have the dessert. The special today was peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream.....and let me state for the record it was THE BEST peach cobbler I HAVE EVER had served to me in restaurant. Now trust me when I tell you.....if it is on the menu the day you decide to visit this establishment......ORDER IT ASAP. The reason I say that is because it is not on the EVERYDAY menu.....that really needs to change by the way. If you have read any of my other reviews you will notice I am a bit of an expert when it comes to eating out and having great food.....well you can add this review to that list. I don't know when I will be passing through these neck of the woods again....but when I do "Flavors of Louisiana" will definitely be a "MUST STOP". Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
I was born and raised in New Orleans.  
I do not make this statement lightly:  
This is the best Cajun/Louisiana restaurant I've ever been to outside of Louisiana.  
Period.  
The best.
Mrs. Jennifer and her staff get it.  They understand that food from Louisiana is spicy flavorful,  not just spicy spicy.
You can not compare Flavors to other "Cajun" restaurants.   If you've only been to Papadeaux's or Baby Kay's you will find that the food is different.  That's because Flavors is authentic and the others are not.  You can only compare it to actually authentic Cajun restaurants in South Louisiana. 
The restaurant has come such a long way with expansions in the dining room, kitchen and menu offerings.  
This Louisiana boy is so happy that Ms. Jennifer chose to share her talents with the world.
Husband and I went for dinner and we really liked the food.  He had a shrimp PO-boy and I had the Crab Landry.  The crab dish was good but a bit too much rue.  The shrimp that came on top is what made it good.  We both agree the best part was the red beans and rice he got as a side.  We took home what was left (PO-boy filled him up) and I reheated it and mixed it with my gumbo and it was great.  4 stars because I had to wait awhile for my plate while my husband was almost done with his due to mixup in kitchen.   Loved drinking from a mason jar too! Just like home!  Go here if you want Cajun fast food and Pappadeaux's if you want a nice sit down Cajun meal.  Either way they are both good.
Don't order the catfish...they are selling swai fish which isn't real catfish. The texture, color, and the taste aren't the same. Very misleading !!!!! This is Not authentic food! You can do better by getting a box of zatarans dirty rice from the grocery store and just add water!!
Incredibly delicious food. A real kick from the south. A little on the pricey side, but well worth the extra buck. The portions are more than filling. If you want some superb down-south cooking, I would highly recommend this place over and over again.
Incredible food!!!!  Best Po Boy ever!!!!  Love all their specials!!!!  Cajun chips are the best!!!  This is a family owned and run business.  The owner is one of the best cooks in the country!!!
I had the catfish and dill potato salad. Hubby had a shrimp po'boy, dirty rice and red beans. Our food was delicious. We have eaten Cajun food all over the country and this was better than 99% of the other places. Sadly the other 1% was wiped out by the hurricane. The food was spicy but not hot just for the sake of being hot. Very nice young waitress who loved her job and the food she was serving. It was a pleasant surprise to see a teenager actually know what was on the menu, how it was prepared and care about our experience. For those who complain about the wait: when food is made to order it takes longer. If you don't like the wait go to a chain and order food prepared in a commissary and heated up in a microwave.
I just can't.

I can't write about the amazing po' boys. The glorious boudin. The succulent fried green tomatoes. I especially can't write about the to-die-for peach cobbler a la mode.

I can't write about it because I can't eat it anymore. I'm a little verklempt, please give me a moment...

Ahem. Okay, that's better.

Try the gumbo if you want to live dangerously, it's spicy! And the crawfish boil is one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten, if also one of the messiest.

Go and eat all of the things. When you do, please have a shrimp po' boy for me.

I'll just be over here, hoping for a miracle drug that allows me to ingest gluten. If that dream ever becomes a reality, Flavors of Louisiana will definitely be my first stop.

UPDATE: I received the following message from the owner:

Hi Beth, Man do i have good news for you. We have a lot of Gluten free items on our menu!!! Yes i was a nurse for 25 years before opening my restaurant and Celiac disease was just becoming a known thing. So we can blacken any of our meats for you with our gluten free blackening seasoning. Also we fry in a mixture of corn meal and corn flour so no wheat flour goes in it. Just ask for your fried foods to be done in the cornmeal mixture instead of the flour. We have french fries, cajun chips, potato salad, cole slaw, dirty rice and red beans are all gluten free. Also if you come on Monday we have our Jambalaya and that is gluten free as well. So come on back and let us feed you some good and i mean real good gluten free food!!
Jennifer Goff
owner
Love the crab bisque, seafood gumbo and shrimp poboy.  I also periodically need an order of boudin balls...
Great Po-Boy Shrimp sandwiches. Very good creamy potato salad and banana cream pie desert. They actually do the blackening procedures instead of just cooking and sprinkling a cajun spice over their presentations. They also have a very nice white bean side dish.  The Chicken was a bit overcooked and dry though. I have noticed that the service can be spotty too. Sometimes the wait is pretty lengthy. Polite and pleasant service though. Nice atmosphere and background music. Overall I would definitely recommend them!
The food was actually quite good. However the service was the worst I had ever received. We were ignored for 15 minutes before we even got sat which was crazy. Then our server ignored us for over 15 minutes. We watched someone else get sat after us in the same servers area and she took there drink order, got them drinks and took there food order all before even talking to us. And our waitress was so clueless another waitress came over and asked if we had been helped. She then took our drink order and apologized that the waitress that had that table had been ignoring us.  Finally our waitress noticed us because someone else was helping us. So then in full view of us the waitress who had been ignoring us goes off on the other nice waitress. So the snotty, rude waitress helped us from there and the service just got worse. Later we heard the staff discussing how the manager was not there. Every employee in there appeared to be in high school.  The really good food does not make up for this terrible service...
Went here for the first time 6/21/13.  Lexie was our server and really made the experience great.  The sweet tea was really sweet and great.  Our glasses / jars were never empty the whole time we were there.  We had onion rings as an appetizer and they were crispy and the wife kept eating all the little crunchies.  Lexie brought us out samples of étouffée and gumbo to try as well as horseradish mustard to go with the onion rings.The daughter really liked the étouffée.  We ended up with 2 po boys, chicken strips and crispy shrimp.  The po boys were really good, even the son who doesn't like lettuce / tomatoes said the sauce made it, he had the shrimp. I had the tilapia and it was good as well.  The rolls were good but maybe just a little big for a po boy.  The 6 inch filled me up and the son brought the other half of his "stomach bigger than brain" 12 inch home.  The wife got the chicken and she liked it but it seemed kinda bland to me.  The daughter liked her shrimp but dipped her first into what she thought was a ketchup container but was like spicy cocktail sauce.  I also had red beans and rice as a side and those were great, I would go back just for those, over dirty rice as Lexie suggested.
The place is a little set away from the street, so slightly difficult to find the first time.  There was lots of take out going on the whole time we were there so that tells you it's good.  Not a whole lot of ambience and for some reason the table seemed slightly high.  We were seated closer to the kitchen and I could hear a beeping from my seat the whole time we were there, although the rest of the fam couldn't.  It helps if you like seafood, the wife thinks maybe a salad option would be good as well.  Never having been to Louisiana I can't say how authentic but overall tasted good to all of us!  I read on here afterwards that they can do gluten free for most anything, but didn't see that on the menu, should be a more prominent option there.
The service was really a highlight so ask for Lexie when you go, she's  a great steward for the place and knows her stuff.   All her recommendations were right on and I would trust her from now on. I would give 4.5 stars if I could.  We will be back.
My wife and I have been to Flavors several times. Great food, disastrous wait times. The food delivery process is clearly broken. They've managed to ruin a great concept with poor service.
Excellent food, reasonable prices, fast and friendly service. Highly recommend!
Great friendly little place. They have killer seafood gumbo and can't miss peach cobbler. Would highly recommend!
This was not my first time here, but the first time we ate in since they expanded. It was really good. My husband and I shared an appetizer of fried green tomatoes, which were thick cut, battered and fried to perfection.  We shared the Crab Landry (6" garlic toasted French bread covered in crab stew topped with 4 fried shrimp)  and an oyster po' boy. The iced tea, we did half sweetened half unsweetened, was perfect too. We finished the meal with some hot beignets covered in powder sugar. They were the perfect end to a great meal. We'll be back.
This place was surprisingly authentic tasting for being in Arizona.. The food came out quick and the service was good so I will definitely be recommending this place to anyone I know.
This place has great comfort food! The service is a little slow but other than that it's definitely worth trying out. If you're ever in the area make sure you stop by and try the pecan praline cheesecake!!!
I don't know how it took us 2 years to find this place!  The owner is from Baton Rouge, LA and so is my mother so it was a natural fit!  The restaurant is in the same parking lot as a Wal-Mart...don't be disturbed!  From the outside, this place looks a little sketch... GO IN!  They have everything you need for a New Orleans experience.  The Po Boys are amazing and so are the beignets!  The drinks come in mason jars; what more can I say? very authentic!  It was really busy when we were there so they were giving away free appetizers.  You wouldn't believe that a place like this exists in Avondale AZ so you MUST GO!
Wow... This place is great! Definitely try the alligator po' boy. Great service, great food! We will be back.
Came in on on Friday night in September. I really wanted some good food and the full parking lot reassured that I made the right choice. 

Sat down within 3 minutes, ordered food within 10 more minutes. Waited an HOUR for our food to come out!

I ordered the 6" Shrimp Po Boy with dirty rice. Mom ordered the 6" Catfish Po Boy with Red Beans and Rice. A lemonade (yuck) and half order of Fried Green Tomatoes to go along. 

Bottom line:

Atmosphere : 2 stars
Food: 5 stars
Service: 4 stars

Will be back to try something else and a dessert.
I love this place everything is literally made from scratch it may be a little pricey but its worth every penny, the po boys are good & the gumbo is excellent.
So unique! I have never been to LA but I am thankful that I have a restaurant near but recreating the food. We had Po boys and were in love! So yummy!!
Catfish, shrimp, red beans n rice were all great as usual. Always a pleasant time eating here.
Been a while since we've been back here as we decided to let our sodium levels drop back to normal. Certainly worth the wait.  Shrimp Po Boy was outstanding!
A little difficult to locate FOL but SO GLAD I did! Had the shrimp creole the first time I went and spicy gumbo the 2nd time. Both were delicious. Once for dinner - once for lunch. Good service both times. Will definitely put this on my list of places I frequent .. well, *frequently.*  ;-)
Has the best po'boy I've tasted (besides my dad's) hands down.  If you are ever in the mood for a shrimp po'boy then this is the place.  The Red beans and rice are pretty good, and so is the alligator.  All in all they have found a repeat customer with me
Have not eaten here in a long time and decided to give it a try and see if it was still as good as it used to be the last time we ate here.

First, something on the shrimp PO'Boys was WAY too salty. My wife and I could barely eat it and did not finish either of them. I think it was the sauce but can't be sure. Man I'm suffering now.

Second, we had two sandwiches and two drinks. I had a 12" and she had a 6". Two sandwiches (came with red beans and rice) and two iced teas cost us $37. That is way too expensive for sandwiches, especially ones we couldn't even eat. My sandwich alone was $17 before tax.

I'm giving it three stars since it was so good in the past, maybe it was just an off night.
This place is amazing. Family owned diamond in the rough. I always get the shrimp po boy and the potato salad. Here is a protip: put TONS of the their Cajun seasoning on the potato salad. Oh man. So good. 

The wait isn't bad at all, keep in mind people, this isn't fast food. They make EVERYTHING fresh. Nearly everything is made in house. 

It's always a pleasure coming here.
This place has some of the best food I have ever had. Their po boy may just be the best sandwich i've ever had.
Nice family run spot, with great service!
I've been here twice, the first time was very close to when they had opened up and they had a special seafood Landry which I had never had before and it was really good. The second time, I was here I found out that the Landry was only available as a special and not part of the normal menu - so no Landry. I opted for the catfish with fries, but this was definitely not on the same level as the Landry. I wasn't a big fan of the cornmeal used on the fish.  Well if you are here and the Landry is on the menu remember to order it.
My boyfriend and I were in the Avondale for the Nascar events this weekend and wanted to eat before hitting the road yesterday.  I found this place on Yelp and we decided to give it a try.  We were both very happy with our decision. 
I had a fried shrimp Po'Boy with Red Beans & Rice and he had the Jambalaya.  The shrimp in the Po'Boy had a light batter and was very fresh and the dressing had a nice flavor to it.  The bread was toasted and perfect.  The jambalaya had both chicken and sausage (huge chunks) and a distinct smoky flavor.  He said he was getting it from the rice, I felt it may have been more from the sausage or the chicken.  Either way, VERY good.
We will definitely return the next time we are in town and plan to take friends and family as well.  It was a great family run restaurant and we wish them a Happy 5 year anniversary on November 18th!
Located adjacent from Wall-Mart. Order at the counter. Servers will deliver food to the table. Must have: Drunken Catfish, Po-Boys, and Peach Cobbler. Also good are the Gumbo, Banana Pudding, Beignets, and Gator.
My boyfriend and I decided to try this place and were not impressed. The service was very slow for an almost empty restaurant. I had the Red Beans and Rice Bowl. It was cold and the Cajun sausage in it was very bland. No flavor at all!!!  My boyfriend enjoyed his meal but not enough for us to go back.
I found this place online after looking for gluten free food in my area.  I visited New Orleans for the first time last month.  I loved walking in here and hearing the Cajun music blaring.  For those who have Celiac, nearly everything on the menu can be made gluten free, and without an additional charge.  I had fried shrimp, fried pickles, and cajun chips.  It was heavenly - especially after not having fried food at all in nearly 4 years!  My husband had an alligator po boy and gumbo.  He enjoyed it immensely.  I had a bite of his gumbo and it tasted just like the one that I had in NOLA.  This place is more authentic than Baby Kay's, and the service was great too.
This was interesting. Came here specifically to try the alligator for Mothers Day.

Prices ok... not ridiculous. 

Cheap down home tables. Didn't expect anything else. 

Easy dress code. 

Alligator is cool. Tastes pretty yummy.

Can order your items blackened. But you can order the fried stuff with corn instead of wheat! Very useful.

Owner is fully aware of celiacs and gluten intolerance due to having been a nurse. Can do low sodium and vegetarian as well! I was so pleased with that.
It's AMAZING! Their shrimp po' boy is delicious!!! And last night was my first time having their peach cobbler.... It was marvelous!!! Definitely worth the drive!
Really good Cajun food, great service. The fried catfish was some of the best I've had in Az. I want to go back and try more stuff
Having the seafood gumbo with boudain and sweet tea... Like bwing in da Souf in da Wild Wild West
Food here is excellent, my favorite is the shrimp po boy. If you like good southern food, this is the place to go! I have eaten here many times over the last few years, and have NO complaints!!!
I found this place simply by checking to see what's "good in the hood" on foursquare. I am Gluten Free however, my man will go weak at the knees for a good Po'Boy... deciding to make his day I stopped in to get him one and upon walking in I see on the menu board the GF options. (Do you hear the angels singing???) The gal in the front was quick to offer a sample or two and they were delish! My order quickly expanded.   Now keep in mind, I DROVE the food back to Surprise, it was fabulous! I have not had GF food that enjoyable in some time! I absolutely LOVED it! He was thrilled to find there is a decent place to get some of his beloved southern favorites, he thought it was a great Po-Boy and the Gumbo was terrific... The GF fried green tomatoes with the sauce were wonderful and I absolutely enjoyed my GF catfish with the fantastic sauce! I have to say a smile spread clear across my face when the gal announced "Your order is ready Miss April!" I LOVE the South! Thank you for bringing that to the Westside! We will be back!
Good environment. Friendly and quick service. We ordered fried pickles and crab Landry, both were made well and tasted good. The reason for the 3 stars was because I was looking forward to trying the jambalaya so I ordered that for myself. It was a complete let down. It literally tasted like someone poured a bottle of liquid smoke into the dish. Aside from the overwhelming smoke taste, the rice was mushy and the sausage was burnt. I won't be getting that again. However, I am willing to give them another try but I will stick to a po' boy instead.
Very Nice place! I like the service! Very kind cashier! Food was good, I got the chicken sub with rice and beens! My friend guy the same! Their drinks come in a glass container! I will be back if I'm in this area! Good job guys :)
We had lunch here today for the first time and we picked it primarily because of the good Yelp reviews.  We were very happy with our selections and by happy...I mean, that I talked about my Shrimp Po Boy ALL THE WAY HOME.  When my husband would change the subject...I would say "Mmmm, that was so good.  I wish I had bought another one to take home"....and I wish I had:(    My husband had ordered the Crab Landry which was very good but I liked my Po Boy better. Mmmmm, it was so good.  The Schweet Tay was very sweet but with a hug chunk of lemon to cut thru...it was delicious.  I took my Gumbo home (I had ordered the Po Boy and Gumbo Combo) and I have to sadly say that it was so salty and I mean SALTY that it kind of burned my throat.  I hope they read these things cuz you can always add salt but you can't take it away.  I think it would have been really good if not for that, full of little shrimps and seafood.  Someone else had mentioned the Table Seasoning and I think she might have meant the Louisiana Gold Green Sauce...yum, yum yum.  I am definitely one who doesn't care for burning hot things and this has a bite with tang...just right, I even bought a bottle to go.  I think by the time we got done with our lunch and the extra sauce and a tip we had spent nearly $40.00...kind of high for us for lunch but did I say how GOOD that Po Boy was?
Not a fancy place and that's just fine with us.  The staff was very friendly and the music was catchy and happy.
We will definitely go back.
I had the seafood gumbo and tilapia po boy sandwich lunch meal. It was good. Just not enough gumbo. Had a side of red beans and rice for $2.99 it should be $1.99  prices are a bit expensive but food was good.
We live in the East Valley and decided to give Flavors a try on 2/22/14 since most of the good Cajun/Creole restaurants here have left.

Plenty of room in the dining room and our server was very attentive. My wife ordered the Shrimp Etouffee which was very rich looking and had a lot of shrimp. She enjoyed it a lot. I had the chicken and sausage gumbo and Shrimp Creole. The gumbo was full of both meats and was delicious and filling. The Creole was spicy and delicious as well, also with a nice amount of shrimp. We enjoyed the nice slices of garlic bread and the tasty salad which were part of the meal.

We finished our meal with beignets and they were very good.

We will be dining there often, it is well worth the 43 mile trip.
My first taste of Cajun/Creole food =) I came with a Louisiana-native, and she had the Crawfish étouffée & Gumbo while I tried the Shrimp Creole & Fried Green Tomatoes. I never tried fried green tomatoes before, and this will probably be my last time. I didn't like the texture of the tomatoes being fried so it just tasted odd to me. I was also expecting the Creole to be more flavorful and even spicy, but the sauce just tasted like tomatoes and wasn't spicy at all. I personally would've wanted more seasoning, but I have nothing to compare this to so maybe that's how it's supposed to taste. Overall, I liked the food and would come back again. I should've yelped this place while I was there since it looks like the Shrimp Po'Boy is the thing to get here. Next time!
Love this place, been going here since we found out about them, wonderful food, decent prices, family atmosphere. Makes me miss home but the food is the best Cajun that I have had out here. It is a family run place and is super clean and very friendly staff. All the desserts are scrumptious. My favorites are the gumbo, red beans and rice, fried green tomatoes, fried dill pickles, and shrimp po-boy. Be sure to ask for some of their remoulade sauce to go with it. Yummy. They also have some creole mustard that is good too. Not a big fan of their cocktail sauce, but that is my only complaint.
Had dinner here last night.  I ordered the crawfish etouffee.  My wife had a chicken salad.  I am a big fan of cajun and creole food and had high hopes for FOL, but my opinion of the food is that it is only average.  The etouffee was a bit bland for me and did not have the rich savory flavor I have had in New Orleans.  My wife felt similarly about her salad.  The restaurant does not have a license to sell beer or wine so it's just soda pop, iced tea or lemonade for drink choices.  Personally, I love a good cold beer with my cajun so that was also disappointing.  Service was very friendly though.  They are very polite and attentive.  I might go back to try the gumbo.
This place is AMAZING!!! Everything they make is delish. 
We just finished a king cake and it was like we were back in Louisiana!
Went for dinner, my bill was around $70. When I received my food noticed I was missing the hush puppies.  I went back to be approached by a lady who asked me "mam what do you need." A better way would have been "how can I help you?" I told her about my missing item and she pulled up my order and said they didnt charge me for it. The young lady who took my order looked like she felt bad, mistakes happen. Okay, I paid for them and had to wait 10 - 15 minutes for them.  Got home in Buckeye, food was cold, fries soggy. Hush puppies that killed the rest of my order not so great. Gave two stars because fish was ok. Won't go back.
Tried this locally family owned restaurant for the first time, and I gotta tell you guys not only was it amazing but their staff was extremely nice. The kids try to help out, and they're just simply adorable (I love it!!!). Since it was our first time here and I looked into the reviews before ordering anything I highly recommend the po-boys :-) mmm mmm simply scrumptious !!#
My bf got the gator po-boy, potatoe salad, and chicken sausage gumbo ( yes he definitely pigged out :-)) he had to take some to go. I ordered the shrimp po-boy and since I'm a Latin lady lol and I do love my spices I had to add some Louisiana hot sauce on that baby ...boy I'll tell you it was like heaven on earth
Just like Arnold Schwarzenegger said (ok I think I got his last name spelled correct) lol
I'LL BE BACK with an accent lol....sorry I'm just being silly...ok anyways guys, 5 stars to this little hidden gem in the west valley...by the L.A.fitness
I found this place on Yelp as I was looking for a restaurant in the Valley the served po boys and friend green tomatoes.  I was pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious, the staff was professional and friendly, and the ambiance took me back to Louisiana.  I plan on coming back to get my po boy fix and would recommend this place to anyone craving gumbo, fried green tomatoes and po boys.
We found this restaurant on Yelp. Visiting AZ for Spring Training and needed a place for dinner close to Glendale. Reviews sounded promising. We had a hard time finding the place but persevered. The place looked promising when we walked in because there were a lot of people there. A good sign. I had the muffuletta sandwich and husband had the jambalaya .  Both good. Serve was slow .  The gal said there was one less cook that day.  But the staff was very friendly and helpful and apologized. Others in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying their food, too
It's like the all mighty him/herself came down from heaven and delivered this place to us folk in AZ that have a love for Louisiana cooking ..  I spent a week vacation in The Big Easy for Mardi Gras and it feels food wise as if I was transported back there. My Co workers told me about this special place so glad i came for myself, give it a shot u won't regret it.  Just take you stretchy pants 1st..
This place is awesome! Great food great prices. If you're looking for something different while you're in Arizona them this is for you. It's a little hard to find but don't pass it up.
This is a really nice family owned restaurant that is located on the far West side of town. It is definitely worth the drive. Good friend from Louisiana told me about this place and her food. So I got in my car and had to check them out right away.

Inside is very casual with a vibe that reminds me a eating in one of those smaller towns down south. Decor is very simple with touches of the bayou and it's critters sprinkled here and there. The smell of the food instantly puts me right into the zone.

Really love the Cajun Food and the Cool Cajun Zydeco music playing playing in the back ground. They have both a lunch menu and a larger dinner menu. You can order off the dinner menu at lunch if you are really hungry. The portions are bigger and there are more choices.

So far we have tried the Dunkin Catfish, the Alligator and Crawfish Po-Boys and both of the Gumbos. How can you go wrong with Catfish placed on top of rice and then covered with Crawfish Etouffee. We also tried the fried Green Tomatoes on our last visit.

The food is cooked and seasoned with tender loving care. Everything taste fresh and the prices are very affordable. You can always add some extra heat by choosing one of the hot sauces to kick things up a notch.

Service is friendly and helpful. This is not a well polished chain restaurant with robots reading scripted dribble. Just great food with a fun and tasty menu.

Use your GPS if you are coming from way across town. They are located in a large shopping center towards the back and the sign is a little hard to see from the street. PARTY IN MY MOUTH!

4.5 STARS
All in all this was a very good lunch. This is probobly the best cajun food available in Glendale, AZ or the surrounding area.

Fried pickles were absolutely amazing and cooked perfectly

Shrimp Po Boy was done just right

Only gripe was the coleslaw which was too saucy for me, and a bit tart, it tasted like apple vinegar or something. Not so bad that I want to stay away...just something I wouldnt order again.

Very nice staff and quick turn-around
Saw them featured on "Check Please, Arizona". Had to go. Glad I did! Funky little place in strip mall in Avondale. Don't let that keep you out. Food was excellent. Both my wife and I had the Shrimp Po Boys with cajun chips and shared an order of hushpuppies. There is no way you will leave hungry. Delicious and quite tasty. Do not miss out on this establishment!
I love Cajun cooking and this was wonderful! Great catfish, red over dirty, and crayfish. The peach cobbler was SOOOOO good. I highly recommend this restaurant. However, it is not for the "ambiance snob." It is like a family cafe (which is what it is) with very friendly staff. I will return!!
I am only giving these guys 4 stars because I don't really have much to compare to. I have never had a Po-Boy before I had it from Flavors of Louisiana, but I absolutely LOVE them now. I got the Chicken Po-boy and everything from the bread to the sauce to the chicken is great! Oh and fried green tomatoes are THE BEST! OH Oh ohhhhh, don't forget to get some sweet tea too! I love this place. Enjoy!
Always try and hit up the unique local joints when I'm travelling.   Flavors of Lousiana has the bonus of being near my company approved hotel so boo-yah!    I was excited to see Po' Boys on the menu but disappointed that the genesis of the Po' Boy - the roast beef with debris gravy - wasn't on the menu.  Seems a little counter intuitive.   Nonetheless, I had the crawfish po'boy which was on a very solid role and pretty darn tasty.  The gumbo was the star for me though - nice rich broth that you can tell came from a nice brown roux.   It was full of flavor and made me wish I had gotten the next size up.

Good place - pretty close to authentic but loses a star for not having the roast beef po' boy on the menu.
What a great find!  Delicious food and great service from friendly, eager-to-please employees and owners.  The best jambalaya I have ever had and delicious sweet tea to go with it.  We were there for lunch but we will be back again soon for dinner as well (Can't wait to try the alligator!) Best cajun food in Arizona!!
Being from south Texas myself (close to Louisiana) I had major doubts this little Avondale strip mall joint would be able to produce anything close to authentic Louisiana fare.. I was however pleasantly surprised :) their shrimp poor boy with French fries was amazing and the fried catfish with cole slaw was close to home cooking!! I have been back on my lunch break several times and the food is always consistent and fresh and delicious every time.. Service is friendly and fast too which is a bonus!! Go ahead and check it out you won't be dissapointed plus they serve alligator if anyone is interested in crossing that off your food bucket list!!!
This place came highly recommended by locals, so I was excited to give it a shot.  Shrimp po' boy, potato salad, sweet tea, fried pickles with a homemade remoulade were a nice touch.  

- Potato salad was very dill pickle-y.  For whatever reason that was not a good surprise, when I usually love most types of pickles.  It did look ultra delicious though.
- Shrimp po' boy... this wasn't bad necessarily, it just wasn't great; I would definitely not order this again.
- Fried pickles were beautifully fried and the remoulade had a really nice kick of horse radish that balanced the saltiness perfectly.  

Also you can get a gallon of freshly brewed sweet tea for $5, which is a good deal.  I would most likely not return.
Sure it is way out in the west Valley but the drive is much shorter then a flight to Baton Rouge for those who want prime Cajun flavor.  The ingredients of the shrimp Po Boy blend together like the sweet sounds of Dixeland jazz and the offering here is akin to listening to that jazz performed by Louie Armstrong.  It's a shame this isn't more central to Phoenix.
First time there

 WAS GREAT.  The waiter was great. It was great food.  I can not wait until I go back.  Must say food was a little slow coming out but, I was not in a hurry.  Still can not stop thinking about the food.  It was so good. Great family environment.   Great job guys.
This is bar-none our favorite place to eat in the Goodyear/Avondale area.

The food is great! If you are afraid to eat spicy food, don't worry! Many selections from the menu are not hot. This is authentic "Nawlins" eating! The stereotype that Cajun is hot food is not true. It is well seasoned. Garlicy, sweet, sour, hot, salty. The gamut of flavors depending on what you order.

Everything is fresh and delicious. I have had the fried pickles, hush puppies, red beans and rice, shrimp creole and the shrimp Étouffée. My friends had the Po boys made with gator. All of it was fantastic.

The service is great, except for one time the staff was busy with a large birthday party and kinda forgot about us. However, as soon as they realized what was happening, they were very attentive. Otherwise, nice food servers who know the menu and can recommend with authority.

Order the Beignets. And sweet tea.

Next time I want to try the jambalaya and peach cobbler.
awesome food! been to new Orleans its about as close as you can get out here. peach cobbler was excellent!
It was our first visit, & we had a great lunch there today. Will definitely make it one of our favorites. My blackened catfish po boy was sooooo good!
Had the chicken Sausage Gumbo, Shrimp Po'Boy and  Beignets - very good great French Bread.  Going for the etouffee.
Yelp helped us find this little gem on our way out to California.  After visiting NOLA in December, I was missing the po boys and red beans and rice.   This is what I was needing.  Restaurant is clean, simply decorated with some NOLA pictures, masquerade masks, beads.  There is also a swamp mural with a faux shack on one wall.  Tables are kindof picnic style with the vinyl/cloth back tablecloth.  Service is exceptional, down-home and friendly.  They truly aim to please and show consideration.  Food...   Shrimp Po Boy.  We ordered a half size expecting to share... my poor husband only got a couple bites.  Don't waste your time on the half sized portion, go big and get the 12".  Packed full of lightly battered/coated shrimp.  The remoulade was spectacular and gave it a punch that made your mouth water for more.  The baguette was delicious as well (I'm still wondering where they get it.)  We also ordered the red beans and rice plate and it had sausage in it.  Very good... but we only now get po boys here... we're pretty much stuck on them.  

My only problem I have with this restaurant is that they are 45 minutes away from me.   Boo! :(
I love this place. As a native of Louisiana, I find my self craving a taste of home from time to time. The food is consistently delicious. I highly recommend the boudin balls with Cajun tarter sauce and dunkin' catfish. The shrimp po-boy is excellent, as is the gumbo. I used to go when it was more self serve for drinks, but they've renovated a couple of times over the past year and have table service, at least on busy days. I typically call in my order and either bring it home or eat it there. One of the best things about this place is the friendly, kind people who own/work at this restaurant. I'm so happy to find a taste of home so close to where I live now.
Try the gumbo and that banana pudding!
This place is awesome! My favorite is the shrimp with onion rings but all food is really good. The service is good so I will recommend it if you are into seafood.
I love this place. I'm a huge fan of all things rice and spicy food, and this place has more than a bit of both. Anything with rice there is top notch, the hush puppies are amazing, even the gator isn't bad. I now come here often and even have brought some friends.
This is getting to be one of our favorites.  In fact, we ate here twice in the last six days!! Food is great - servers are very friendly and helpful and they really know the menu.  Kyle was our server last night and he was really exceptional - could not do enough for us.  Had one seafood gumbo and one chicken and sausage gumbo, a half order of hush puppies and beignets (with honey) for dessert.  Delicious!!!  A forty minute drive from Surprise, but well worth the trip.
We tried to eat here Friday night and it was horrible. Mine was ok but not special. I had the crawfish étouffée.  My husband had a combination plate with shrimp, catfish, oysters, tilapia, boudin balls, onion rings and hush puppies. The catfish was fried in to hot grease, burned on outside raw on inside. Tilapia was cooked same way and smelled so fishy, nasty. Shrimp was fine. Boudin balls were ok. Oysters were fried black so the brought him some more and he took one bite and spit it out it tasted so bad. Hush puppies were still gummy inside while well done outside. Should have known that dinner wasn't going to be good when we ordered the fried green tomatoes and they were half ripe and burned but we thought we would try. Then the banana pudding well it was vanilla custard with sliced bananas and crushed vanilla wafers in top. Really there are at least a hundred recipes on the net for banana pudding, pick one. Wish I could give it NO STARS.
Only 3 stars for my first visit (5/31) but I'll go back for a second try.

Against my better judgement, I ordered the boiled crawfish. Three things were telling me not to order it:
1 - We're 1400 miles from crawfish country.
2 - It's near the end of crawfish season and they're probably small.
3 - 17.99 for 2lbs of crawfish is expensive.

As I suspected, the mudbugs were small. The flavor was ok but the crawfish meat was sticking to the shell which usually indicates the absence of lemon during the cooking process. The potatoes had black spots and the corn was shriveled. 

On the bright side, the fried pickles and green tomatoes were delightful. The hush puppies were excellent!

I tasted my buddies seafood gumbo and the roux tasted like it was burnt or scorched while it was being made. The rice was sticky and clumpy.

I'll go back to try the other menu items and update my review.
Phenomenal. Absolutely phenomenal. Low key place that you wouldn't find unless you got a word of mouth recommendation. Easy going atmosphere with great service and even better food. In and out in 30 minutes feeling satisfied but can't wait to come back. Got the crab Landry and it was fantastic.
This place is great! Food is amazing and they always have my food ready when I call it in. The employees are always very friendly as well. I highly recommend this place.
Dear review reader: stop reading the review and just go!!
But if you still need to know why I say that, here's what you want/should know:
Hushpuppies are so darn good, that could had been my meal. Tried the jambalaya, gumbo and a crawfish pie thingy (don't remember the name but it was delicious!). All of it was so dang good. Was it spicy? A little but in a very good way (not too much heat). Topped our meal off with some very yummy beignets. I just can't say enough good about this place! The kids here very happy with their meals and just the overall experience left us all in a very good mood.
One last note: THE BEST sweet tea I've had outside of The South. Seriously. THE BEST. 
Another last note: the girls working there were so sweet and nice and very attentive. Jenna served us and I tell ya, I want her to be my new best friend, just loved her.
This place is AMAZING. ...The food is delicious felt like I was down south..so happy I leave a minute away!!
This is like stopping into a joint on Bourbon St., I get transported back to Louisiana when I eat here.  The food is great. You will want to try everything on the menu like we did, but I worn you, there is plenty of food and you will be rolling out the door. 
In AZ this is the closet thing I have tried that is like be in NOLA. 
Just go, Eat, and you will see for yourself. It's good!
Recently I was in NOLA for a few weeks and lived in FLA for 2 years and I do know good Cajun food and alligator. I was cookin' with Paul Prudhomme back in the early 80's before he was Chef Paul P! 
For almost $50 we bought the combo plate with two meats and sides, a shrimp Po' Boy and an order of (3) Beignets with sweet tea. The Po' Boys are very good. The Shrimp was lightly battered and well seasoned, fried golden brown, sweet and crispy with just the right amount of spice. The roll was fresh and crusty. The red beans and rice were very good - lots of meat, beans were toothsome (not mushy) and the rice was done just right and it was spiced perfectly. The french fries were good, fresh, hot and crispy brown and moist on the inside.The sweet tea was just right and freshly made. Unfortunately - The alligator is terrible and the Boudan balls are just plain horrible. Alligator consisted of tiny breaded balls of flavorless chewy meat ranging from the size of a pea to a large blackberry - not one chunk or strip mixed with a lot of debris from the fryer (fried crumbles of batter). They were mostly tough and chewy. This is supposed to be tail meat which is usually pretty tender and there was very little or no seasoning. The Boudan balls were a huge disappointment. The filling was an unidentifiable tasteless gray paste with very little powdered spice, rolled in bread crumbs and fried. I pulled one apart and could see not one piece of meat, vegetable or rice. My best guess is that it consisted of bread crumbs with powdered spices and some binder (don't have a clue what). That they call this a "meat" selection is really a joke and for the price, absurd. When I was in NOLA I had Boudan balls at a half dozen different restaurants and they all contained meat, liver, ground with pepper/celery/onion/garlic, spices and rice . I've made my own for years and these resembled nothing like anything I've ever seen. There was no tartar or other sauce for dipping.The beignets are tough and chewy instead of the moist ,airy,  delectable powdered treat they are supposed to be like I had every morning at the Cafe Du Monde in N'Orleans. The combo plate contents and two of the three beignets now resides in my refrigerator, barely touched and will go into the garbage tomorrow....what a waste of money. If I wasn't so far away, I'd bring it back and explain why to the manager. So, if you go - which you should as there IS good food to be had, stick to the Po'Boys (NO ALLIGATOR!!!), gumbos, rice, fries and other selections. I will go back and stick to the above mentioned selections as they are the only option in this area for Cajun food. On VA s'revoir!
First, know that I was born and raised in New Orleans and know better than to expect much from remote places claiming to prepare authentic creole food.  Being in the desert of Arizona (business trip), I was predicting the gumbo to be tomato soup with hot dogs floating in it. The place didn't look like much from the outside (or the inside) but being a brave and noble soul I charged ahead and ordered the fried green tomatoes, fried pickles, a cup of gumbo and a shrimp Po-boy.  
I can't believe how good it was! They might make the best fried pickles I've ever had. The gumbo was delicious...well, everything was delicious. But be warned, I ate too much and almost fell asleep at the table.
Great food.
We tried out the shrimp Po boys. The flavor was unbelievable. The right amount of spice fused with this awesome Cajun mayo. The jumbo fried shrimp seasoned and cooked to perfection. I will definitely be coming back again. Two thumbs up. Best I've had in the Phoenix area.
Contacted by the owner about my review. She offered to refund my money for our dinner and invited us to try them again. Since I don't live in that area she kindly sent us our money back. She was very nice about our experience and apologized that it was not what we expected. So I really hope it was just an off night for them when we were there.
My fellow Yelper's have once again steered me in the right direction for tasty eats.  As another reviewer mentioned, the restaurant is a little hard to spot in the back of a shopping plaza, however now that I have found it, it is easy to get in and out of.  Upon entering you are greeted with the wonderful sounds of Louisiana jazz music. The decor itself, is not over done, simple and inviting.  The staff was friendly and I was immediately seated.   I ordered 1/2 Fried Green Tomatoes for a starter with sweet tea.  The sweet tea comes in a pickling jar and was delicious and had the right amount of sugar.  The Fried Green Tomatoes were crispy and tasted like what I was hoping for, tangy and crisp.  I ordered the Joliet Rouge, blackened cat fish on a bed of dirty rice, with crawfish/shrimp etouffee bathed over it.  It came with a side of beans and rice and garlic bread.  The dish was very good, I was pleasantly surprised that tastes of New Orleans could be found in a strip mall in Avondale AZ.  My only issue was that my ticket was shuffled or lost in the kitchen so my meal was late coming out.  When it did finally come out, it was hot and fresh.  The waiter apologized and offered a free peach cobbler, which I had to take to go as I was out of time and had to go to work.  I do recommend that they serve Cafe duMont coffee with chicory.  That would be a nice touch with a bengiet, since they served those, I would have expected to have the coffee to go with it.   The owner came over to my table to find out how every thing was,  I asked about the coffee since that is a true LA flavor.  She at least offered to order some!  I declined since I am traveling through but thought it was nice that she at least offered.   Bonus peach cobbler to go which I enjoyed later and it was very good.  I will be back, the Joliet Rouge was worth it.
One of my church members told me about this place so we tried it last night the par ran was delicious, seafood gumbo was to die for. My hubby on his way to get more today.
 
I sample the alligator taste like chicken, sweet tea was perfect. I will be back.

Surprise,Az
Who would have imagined that in the heart of the Grayhawk area, I'd find a quaint creole restaurant?? I mean, nothing about the name suggests Creole or Louisiana style nosh. But boy am I glad!! 

A g'friend and I went to Jaspers for lunch yesterday. We were greeted very warmly and seated promptly. There wasn't a crazy lunch-hour wait, so it makes a great spot if you need to conduct a lunch meeting or are short on time. 

I wanted to sit on the outdoor patio to enjoy the lovely weather. However,  it was a bit chilly in the shade yet too hot in the direct sunlight. So our server was gracious enough to turn on the overhead heating lamps. Ahhhhh! Now that's more like it. 

Now this is gonna sound boring, so bare with me. My friend and I ordered the same thing for lunch! I know, what fun is that for my virgin experience there? But it was a lunch special and we couldn't resist!

We ordered the bbq pulled pork sandwich on warm chabatta bread. It comes with creamy, thick-cut cole slaw on the side. But I wanted to enjoy my pulled pork sandwich Memphis style...cole slaw ON the sandwich! On the side was a pickled, caramelized onion chutney that I also put on the sandwich. Yum-O!! A side of fries comes with the sandwich too. But not just any ole' fries! These were thick-cut and subtly seasoned regular fries tossed with sweet potato fries. What a perfect marriage! This little surprise isn't mentioned on the menu just FYI. The meals came out promptly and were perfect lunch sized portions. 

Listen, its rare for me that a desert eclipses an entree. But it did! The house-made Key lime pie is probably the best I've ever had.....ever! I order key lime pie any time I see it on a menu and therefore have had my fair share. Jasper's Key lime is a double layer pie. The bottom is a traditional creamy, tangy layer. The equally thick  top layer is light, airy and creamy with wonderful specks of lime zest. The unfussy graham cracker crust is perfectly sweet and buttery. I can't say enough about this slice of heaven. You'll just have to try it yourself! 

Jaspers Peak is owner operated and managed and they're simply great people!  You won't be disappointed! 

I took my own advice Monday and conducted a dinner meeting at Jaspers for after work meeting. This go round, I had the chicken & andouille gumbo. Good thing for me, the stock is chicken based. I love this place b/c they always surprise me. My bowl of gumbo had a center of creamy grits. The sausage could have been a bit more spicy in my humble opinion. But that didn't stop me from damn near licking the bottom of the empty bowl! 


Bon Appetite!
We enjoyed our jambalaya and vodoo chicken, they were both great, can't wait to go back.
Love love love this spot!!  I was introduced to this spot by my neighbor Chris and have been frequently going there for almost 3 years...sometimes 2x/week or if I'm traveling, well lets just say I make up for it upon my return.  I love the bar as it is quaint and invites conversation easily (amongst people you've never met)....  I'm not a full fare menu eater, however, I can live off the appis just fine.  The artichoke is just, well plain fun to eat...even though the heart is a little on the small side...you almost have to savor it...the cajunaise sauce makes it even more inviting...  My absolute FAV are the shrimp canapes...anything with bacon, cheese, and a mouth watery cajun sauce...should be good and yes they are!!!!  Love the chili (topped with sour cream and Frito's...I do this at home now:-)  I had the "peak salad" once upon along time ago...  I've tried the voodoo chicken pasta...shared it with my neighbor...he had I believe the spicy creole pasta...needless to say, we both left there satisfied.  I've tried "new" items..not sure if they are on the menu (not currently on-line), a spicy/cajun shrimp stuffed avocado (perrrrfect for summer)...I'm resorting to this from now on.  If anyone's tried the shrimp and ancho tacos...I'm dying to hear??  To boot, they have the best key lime pie...:-)  Yummmy!  I'm a little bummed EOS is no longer on the menu, but it's addition of the Director's Cut Cab is fine by muah :-)
I recently tried another menu item that I MUST brag about.  The Chicken Pho is not only delicious, but LITE...  Tasty broth accompanied by a generous size of grilled chicken abed pasta and baby potatoes with broccoli.  Not quite a soup, but perfect meal with alot of flavor and best of all...you don't feel guilty eating it!!!
My husband and I had lunch here today and loved it!
We shared the deviled eggs for an appetizer, very tasty. For mains I had the Sweet Thing Pasta (shrimp, chicken, basil, garlic, parmesan cheese and vermicelli)....  also tasty and very filling even though it was the smaller lunch size....I paired it with the Murphy Goode Sauvignon Blanc.....a beautiful wine.
My husband ordered the Butternut Pumpkin Ravioli with Venison Blueberry Sausages and it was incredible....definitely the standout!
My husband also wisely paired it with the Sangria....which the waitress told him after his first glass it was happy hour (happy hour runs from 11am-7pm...not bad at all! ) so that meant it was only $3 a glass.....so armed with that knowledge he ordered another one. He said he may as well as it was taking me a long time to drink my wine....it is called savoring! lol 
Then after clearing our plates the waitress asked if we would like dessert...I said no...due to the conversation of how full we were with my husband just a split second earlier...however my husband decided that if the appetizer, mains and drinks were all that good then it wouldn't hurt to look at the dessert menu....so we looked....not a good idea as all the desserts sounded great even though our bellies were saying they were perfectly satiated. We decided to split the Rhubarb and Strawberry Cobler with Vanilla Bean ice-cream......WOW! Our bellies will get over it : )
The atmosphere was cozy and relaxed....the patio also looks great for when it is cooler and our waitress was wonderful! Highly recommend.
Had another amazing meal here. Some more recommendations include the Gulf Crab Dip....pair it with the Pinot Grigio....and you have perfection! Also my husband ordered the Cajun Prime Rib which I had a few tastes of......delicious.....even nicer if you order it with the Shrimp. My main meal and the dessert were the same as last time.....and I think if it is possible the Rhubarb and Strawberry Cobler has managed to improve and taste even better than the last time!
Being a stranger to town, it took a while to find it, but well worth the search.  I was hungry for cajun food and thought I would give it a try, and am glad I did.  I tried both the gumbo and jambalaya and both were excellent.  I sat at the bar, and the service was friendly and attentive. Although it is a long drive, I will be going back as soon as I have another craving for cajun food.
If you live in the neighborhood or find yourself there, go to Jaspers Peak.  Honestly, I can't see making the drive from far away, but it's a great neighborhood spot.  Friendly, cozy, with almost a "Cheers" like quality at the bar, but no "bar food" found here.  The menu is eclectic New Orleans/southern home cooking/classic American delicious.  You can find some relatively healthy dishes as well as more decadant southern classics, and the wine list is decent.
I am adding Jasper's Peak in my favorite places to sit outside and eat, WITH my golden retriever.  The tables are large, so there's room for him to sit underneath the table and not disturb non-dog people.  The food is good but most of the time I am eating the appetizers.  There's one with spicy shrimp that's the best.  The staff is very friendly.  And, there's a bit of a party atmosphere which I like.
It's pouring in Phoenix, the GPS doesn't recognize the address we've entered, the PGA Tour is here and redirecting us, and finally, we find our way to the very suburban, strip-mall located Jaspers Peak Bistro.

We went to enjoy the Happy Hour in the bar and showed up to an empty place. Uh oh!  Being out-of-towners, we can only go by Yelp reviews and we're hoping we weren't steered wrong.  We grab a seat in the bar and are attended to by two lovely women!  As we are deciding upon beers, we get small samples of all their drafts, to aid in our decision making. How nice! =)

The evening progresses in a similar fashion, except for the fact that about 30-45 minutes after our arrival, the place is packed!  Yelp wins again =)  We tried beer, wine, champagne, and cocktails. In preparation for my review, I wanted to be thorough!  The Chopin Cosmo was divine!  We also sampled some HH foods, which were half off:
-Deviled Eggs: pretty simple and tasty
-Cheese Plate: with manchego and gouda, grapes, and caramelized pears. also simple and tasty
-Shrimp Canape: Grilled Shrimp, aged cheddar, applewodd-smoked bacon, and ancho chili aoili. Didn't look as appetizing as it actually was.

Service was warm and attentive, atmosphere was nice, and the place was cute.  The one downside was that the quoted HH deals on drinks (we were told select wines and beers were 1/2 off) was incorrect.  The wines were actually 3 dollars off a glass; rather than paying 6 bucks for a 'meh' glass of syrah, it was actually 9 dollars.  The website lists the HH accurately, but the place should either put it on their menu in the place, or ensure the servers know the drill.

I'd patronize this establishment often if we lived there.  We felt like regulars and saw how many people there actually were.  I love places like this!
Friendly, friendly, friendly staff!!! 
Loved the New Orleans flare. 

We were on a business trip and recently went to Jasper's Peak for happy hour. When we walked in we felt as though we were regulars. They were so nice letting us taste a few beers before we selected one on draft. 

We tried a couple of their happy hour appetizers. All were reasonably priced with the standout being the shrimp canape. Shrimp, cheese and bacon. Yes, bacon makes everything better! 

We would definitely go back if we lived in the area. Give them a try if you are near by.
Went for Saturday lunch.  They were closed?  Wait - a big restaurant in high rent North Scottsdale is closed for lunch on a Saturday with perfect weather for sitting on their patio?  I'm impressed that there are still people left in this economy in a position to turn revenue away.  Really enjoyed happy hour a few weeks ago and wanted to try more of the menu.  Website says they have a lunch menu.  My mistake for assuming I could order off it at 1:00 on a Saturday.
This is a weird place.  Situated in a typical N. Scottdale strip mall, you would expect this place to be your standard bar and grill type place.  Well you would be 1/2 correct.  It is a standard bar and grill but Lousiana/Creole style.  Anyway, it is very odd for the place's name, location and look but then again I'll eat anything so what the heck.

I went there last night (Tuesday) at about 6pm because it sounded like a pretty good happy hour.  My wife and I were meeting 2 other people there so we figured we'd get there early for drinks/appetizers.  Upon entering we noticed how small the place actually was.  Probably about a dozen tables and another 12 or so chairs around the bar.  The patio was defiantly bigger and less crowded so we sat there even though it was pretty hot outside.  They have misters n' stuff so it wasn't bad at all.

While waiting for the rest of our party to arrive we each had a drink and split Burbon Street Boil which is basically shell-on shrimp that have been boiled in some type of creole stuff.  It was excellent and I would come back just for that.  The shrimp were very flavorful and had just the right amount of kick.

For dinner I wasn't in the mood for jambalaya or gumbo so I decided on a standard burger.  I meant to order the burger with andouille sausage for some Lousiana flair, but ordered their other burger by mistake.  It was very good though and the fries that came with were very good as well.  I'm still pretty pissed that I ordered the wrong burger though.  I also ordered their wedge salad to start and it was ok.  I know I shouldn't have expected a standard wedge but that is what I was in the mood for.  It was a Romain wedge instead of an iceberg one.  All the typical ingredients were there but the dressing had a kick to it and there were candied walnuts mixed in the salad.  It was pretty good but not really my style.

My wife ordered the shrimp and ancho tacos and they were excellent.  I could eat those things all day long.  The sauce had some good heat to it which is nice and the shrimp were pretty large as well.

Our waitress was pretty much a space case but was very friendly and helpful.  Not sure what she was doing when she would disappear for 15 minutes at a time but whatever.

Anyway, I would like to come back to get serious with their Louisiana cuisine and try some gumbo, etoufee and jambalaya.
We went to dinner here last night for the 4th or 5th time and had a great meal. We always buy the Restaurant.com coupon for Jasper's which makes it quite the affordable date night. 

It is small but cute has great food. I had the JACKRice last night which was excellent. My bf had the meatloaf sandwich and fries which was also pretty amazing. We started with the Shrimp Caprese which was small but still really good. The server dropped one of our plates so we got free dessert as well. We had the strawberry-rubarb cobbler which was really good. 

I highly recommend this place and definitely think it's worth the drive.
It's been a while...but "I'm B-A-C-K"!!!  Never in a million years would I ever crave a beet salad...yes you heard correctly!  Jasper's has an amazing beet salad, these amazing beets are accompanied by fresh mango, orange wedges, candied pecans, with the tastiest pear vinaigrette you'll ever find.  This salad is really more like a dessert :-)

I finally tried the shrimp & ancho tacos, and I'm hooked!!!!  The right amount of remoulade, marries the corn tortilla, topped with cabbage, gulf shrimp, & ancho chili sauce...a squeeze of lime & it's just right!  My mouth is watering as I write...yummy!

I only have 2 more, I promise...but everything is soooo good, I have to share!

They've got the seared AHI tuna...yeah, that's right.  I was like WOW...no way!  Amazing!  Prepared just perfect and so fresh.  I took my out of town healthy eating friends here and they just loved this dish.  Honestly, I'd put it at the top 2 of the choices that I love.  

What I realllly like about Jasper's is that they have something for everyone on the menu.  If you're in the mood for a good steak, they've got the crab stuff filet.   A petite filet, crab and herb stuffed crosscut center, with a cabernet reduction bordelaise sauce, garlic roasted mash potatoes & broccoli...heavenly!

Alright, I'm done...I'm heading to Jasper's!  

Why not...Tuesday's is HALF OFF bottle wine night..:-)
I love love love the chicken & hummus appetizer. Its served w/ sauteed spinach and pita. Although its an app, its large enough for a light meal. Most times, I get that w/ the beet salad and split it w/ a friend. Perfect. 

For those of you who avoid beets, I think you'll change your mind w/ this salad. The beets are sweet like candy.  Served w/ feta, mandarin oranges, candied pecans and a very unique pear dressing, you forget you're eating healthy. I've been trying to harvest the pear vinaigrette recipe forever!!! They won't give up the secret sauce! :( 

Enjoy!
FYI...awesome deal on LocalDines, http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ.  I wish I had known about it on my last visit.  $20 to get a $40 cert.  No restrictions like on restaurant.com.
I've been wanting to try this for awhile and after a saturday evening movie with another couple, finally gave it a try. They were busy, so we had a drink at the bar. The place is small inside but it's inviting. I didn't go outside but it looked alot bigger. Because we had to have popcorn at the movie I was happy to see that you can order the lunch size portions anytime. I had the jambalaya and I really liked it. It was spicy and saucy and the lunch portion was just right. My sweetie go the creole pasta and it was a whole lot heavier than mine but still very good. A friend had the halibut and it looked amazing too.

All in all they have a good selection of food for pretty good prices and the beer and wine selections treated us well. We left there happy people and I, for one, am excited to go back!
VOODOO Chicken was fantastic!  Most of the entree selections were available over rice or pasta.  They had many gluten free options and they use brown rice and brown pasta. I stumbled upon Jaspers Peak Bistro on accident and I am glad I did.  Cajun inspired food cooked well.  Very satisfying and delicious.

The server was a bit neglectful, but we were loving our food so much and the company of friends that we didn't mind so much.  The neglectful server did recommend the food we ordered and we were very happy with it.
I really wanted to give this place more credit, but the food??  3.5 stars they do try !, Great atmosphere! and happy hour is the way to go. When it comes to the food it was mediocre, but it has potential. I think I would stick with the half off appetizers and drinks until the kitchen improves a little. Good ingredients, great ideas, just not good execution.  Maybe the chef had the day off. Ryan was our server and all service seemed good. A few little improvements and it would be really great,  I tried 4 dishes and all needed a little help.
Best bartender in the world, Jesse.  Had several items on the menu and never been disappointed. Always got shrimp and cheddar blt..got shrimp canape omg..blew my socks off.  Best place in the area by far!!!
Excellent. Loved the bread and the gumbo. Great outdoor seating. Great staff.
I thought the food was amazing. I had the Voodoo chicken, my husband had the meatloaf sandwich, and my son had the shrimp tacos, all of which were excellent. Very friendly server as well.
Excellent restaurant. Very classy and wonderful selections. I would recommend it for families and dates. It was slightly loud though but that was the only negative. We had a party of 4 and everyone was thrilled with their food. Prices were in the $14-$30 dollar range and seemed reasonable. Use a restaurant.com gift cert for an even better deal.
I consider myself lucky...to have found this spot :-)  Again, I share my reviews of such awesome tasty eats.  The shrimp caprese is a perfect start....the balsamic reduction and fresh basil is the perfect touch to this starter...oh my...mouth is watering...and I'm no where near at this particular moment :(  

They've added the tomato basil soup (a menu item from their JACKshrimp restaurant in Newport Beach)....it's a hearty one and full of flavor indeed!!

The prime rib tacos...perfectly chopped...you'll look graceful eating while enjoying the amazing flavors that come together.

Flavorful wines have been added to the menu too!  Wake up Grayhawk....there's life in town afterall :-)
I must've driven by this place a hundred times before we finally stopped in. It was a lot smaller inside than I thought it would be-- most of the seating seems to be on the patio. 

The food was good! We started with the appetizer beignets, which are the bomb! I was bummed that I had to share the appetizer with others.  For my entree, I got the VooDoo chicken which was very good. The sauce was a little runnier than I thought it would be, but the flavor was great. The manfriend got a beef poboy that he he said was just okay. My other friend got the wings and tomato soup, which she said was pretty good. 

I would've rated this place better but the service wasn't very good. I think our server was drunk- maybe? She brought two of us our drinks and then disappeared for 20 minutes. We asked for waters and the remaining person's drink  and she was gone again for a while. We didn't see anyone again until the food runner brought our food out.  She kept saying "Damnit!" when she'd forget things and adjusting her bra while she was talking to us. 

All in all, I would come back for the beignets alone, even given the mediocre service. I saw another table order the meatloaf and it looked so good! I will try that next time.
Went with a couple of friends for a happy hour cum birthday drinks celebrations. Loved the outdoor seating in the patio which was very comfortable. The heaters could get a little too warm (but maybe thats just me!). 
We had a couple of appetisers. The crab dip is very good as are the shrimp canapes. The devilled eggs were ok. 
for dinner we had the voodoo chicken everyone is raving about below. It wasnt bad but it wasnt amazing, it tasted like regular chicken penne  . Will try something else the next time ..which does mean that I will go next time. Our waitress was also very friendly and attentive. 
Dinner, appetisers and drinks for 4 of us came to arund $20 (without tip) so not bad for the upscale Scottsdale location where this is located. 
The complex where this is located also looks very inviting and may try a couple of other places there as well.
Stopped at Jasper's Peak tonight with my honey for dinner.  Called ahead, but they do not take reservations for parties less than 6.  HUH? When we arrived, the inside booths were full and the patio was filling.  We opted for a high top table by the door in the bar area.  Acknowledged by a waitress, we were given place settings and menus.  That was the last we saw of her.   Because we were by the door, we began to feel like we were the official greeters, as there is not a hostess station.  Eager groups of diners entered and stood at our elbows, waiting (jostling) for a table.  After about 10 minutes, we fled our table for the wide-open bar.  Settling in, we realized that there was a true staffing problem.  The bar tender disappeared, never making eye contact with us.  About 5 minutes later, a bleached blond waitress entered the bar to get her orders.  My husband said "hi", she, quite surprised said "hi" back and proceeded to complete her order and exit.  We sat there in disbelief.  Looking at the menu, nothing made us say, "wow, I would love to try that".  We then came to the complete understanding (and conclusion) that we were not going to get the service that we deserved.

We left, walked across the parking lot to LOCAL BISTRO and HAD AN ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC MEAL AND EVENIING...but that is another review.  Sorry, Jasper's....fail.
Since we like Jack Shrimp so well in Newport Beach, CA, we thought we'd try their other family-owned restaurant. The menu is small, but the selections cover a broad range.  

I had the butternut ravioli with a yummy grilled sausage on the side.  Hubby had the bacon-wrapped parmesan meatloaf.  It was 5-star delicious!  

There are three reasons this restaurant did not get a 5-star rating from me: 1) You can't order half a salad, leaving only the boring Caesar and House salads to go with a meal.  2) The server didn't seem interested in waiting on us.  3) The portions are a bit on the small side.  Fine for me, but I could tell at a glance that the meatloaf wasn't enough for most guys.
Friendly service, good food, and reasonable prices all combine to make this place a repeat experience.
When my boyfriend and I came to this place for lunch, it was DEAD, like really really DEAD. We only came out because I had a living social coupon that wasn't put to use yet. The place itself on the inside is small but well decorated, the outdoor area is pretty spacious and very nice. Anywho, the menu, was very pricey, I mean lunch was decently priced but the portions were quite small. My boyfriend got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich which he enjoyed, he also had the jambalaya and let me tell you this...it was the worst jambalaya I've ever had in my entire life. It was extremely watery, yes watery, almost had a stew consistency and it was very flavorless. Call me harsh, but my grandmother's boyfriend is from Louisiana and his jambalaya is killer, its full of flavor, spicy and so amazing and this jambalaya was BLAH. I ordered the voodoo chicken and it was pretty dang good, I'll give that to them, I couldn't believe adding shrimp was an extra 3 bucks, and they only put like 4 pieces of shrimp in it, again rip-off. Our waitress was very friendly but man was she wrong about the jambalaya, it was just terrible! I've had better microwavable jambalaya than that. Would I come back, um probably, it was OK, the service was good though.
We went to Jasper's Peak courtesy of a Groupon my companion picked up. I'm fairly glad we didn't pay full price considering how disappointed I was with our experience this evening.

We ordered the crab dip, the voodoo chicken (with added shrimp), and the jambalaya. 

The crab dip ($9) had a nice texture (not too wet), but didn't have a distinctive flavor. We doused this liberally with hot sauce, which was a significant improvement. It was served with blue corn tortilla chips, which provided a good contrast with our spiced up version.

The voodoo chicken ($16) had a delicious smokiness to it, and the shrimp (4 for an additional $4.50) were a nice complement. The jambalaya ($16) was weak, thin and not terribly filling. The rice was the best part of the jambalaya as it had time to soak up the sauce, which brings me to my next point.

The meats were all nicely done, but it was obvious that they were cooked separately outside of their sauces and assembled later. They were a bit bland unless you were certain that you rolled them about in your sauce. 

The service could have been significantly better. Our water glasses were often empty for long stretches, and our waitress Rebecca's friendliness seemed forced and artificial. The place was fairly dead, but we weren't checked on until our meals were almost finished. She asked how our food was at that point but didn't even wait for my answer before she walked away. Service was fairly slow throughout the meal, even though I could see our plates waiting on the service counter.

I wanted to love this place as it is far closer to me than Baby Kay's, but I'm not going to settle for such poor service at this price.

Also, the bartender seemed very friendly, guiding the gentleman at the table next to us through a tasting in order for him to make a wine selection. We didn't drink tonight, but I was impressed.

Pros:
- Quiet.
- Large patio area.
- Clean.

Cons:
- No reservation for parties fewer than six.
- Service can be spotty.
We've been to Jasper's three of four times and have found that the food is consistently fresh and well prepared.  The restaurant is always clean, and the service is friendly in the way you want a neighborhood place to be.  Casual, but not so informal that you feel like you have a new BFF.

The food is Cajun influenced, and mostly delisheous.  We've ordered the Crab and Avocado Salad (outstanding, even at $18.  Lots of lump crab meat and avocado.  Very fresh), Jumbalaya (I thought it was delish, but if you're looking for hard core authentic, this is not your place.  It's like jumbalaya for Americans).  The $5 cup was almost enough for a meal.  The Crab dip is not their best.  I've had better and you can get it anywhere, so why not focus on what Jasper's does well?  ANything with shrimp in it is a home run.  Their shrimp are plump, well seasoned and properly cooked.  Shrimp tacos...yum.  Meatloaf sandwich looked like a heart-stopper. Thick slices of meatloaf, fresh roll, and you can add a side soup or salad for $2.

If you live in the area, I would make Jasper's a regular part of your dining rotation.  It's not a destination place, per se, but it's worth checking out.
I was here on a date to use up a Groupon that I recently bought.

THE FOOD

Appetizer,  shrimp canape, was as delicious as it was unhealthy. Definitely recommend it.

For main course, we had two different chicken dishes. The sauces were fine, but the chicken itself was exceptionally bland and it appeared that the chicken for both dishes was cooked in the same pot and then thrown into the respective dish's sauce at the end. Very disappointing.

Strawberry rhubarb dessert was rather good and helped dealing with the emotional pain of the bland chicken. 

SETTING
The restaurant itself is nicely decorated and has a pleasant, darker atmosphere in the evening.

SERVICE
Friendly. No complaints.

OTHER
Hours of operation are a bit awkward.

OVERALL
The place is nice, but for the money the food is just not good enough. If I didn't have a Groupon,  I would actually be upset.
I came to Jaspers Peak with a Groupon.  I received a $40 value for my Groupon, and I was wondering how I was going to spend that.  I went with 3 friends, and we easily used the value of the Groupon with 2 dishes.  We ordered Ahi Tuna, Jambalaya, and another chicken dish.  I enjoyed my Ahi Tuna as it had a light amount of pepper and creole seasonings.  I tried some of the other dishes, and I was a little disappointed.  I was expecting to experience a lot of flavors, but this is not authentic Cajun food.
Really good pizza, great service for sure!  You can sit outside and enjoy the view.  This is a place to go to with a friend, a date, your family, but I really wouldn't being kids here myself.
We've been going here since it opened several years ago and it keeps getting worse. Food is good, not great. Service has never been good here, but it seems to get worse each time we come back. The woman who manages or owns the place never even acknowledges us. She looks at us each time we come in like she has never seen us before. She seems to have no problem bs'ing with the other patrons, but ignores us. Not that we really want to chit chat with her, but a polite "hello, welcome back" would be nice. They have raised the wine prices to the point of most high end restaurants. They have also taken ingredients out of there food. For example the louisiana po'boy used to include
chicken breast, shrimp, andouille sausage, with a choice of red beans and rice or gumbo. Now it only comes with the chicken, no shrimp or andouille sausage. The andouille is available at extra cost. You no longer have a choice of the red beans & rice or the gumbo, only fries. The only reason we are still going here is that we previously purchased some discount coupons. We have two coupons left to use, and that will be our final dining experience here.Also beware if you are going here for the first time as their online menu is old and not updated.
I've passed this place dozens of times. I saw a Groupon for it and I bought it. I ordered the Ahi dish. When it was brought out, I noticed mango all over it. I told the waitress I was highly allergic to mango. I didn't want to send back the whole dish, so I kept the Ahi and asked her to bring me new greens. She had the audacity to charge me for a Salad! We even bought a bottle of wine and had our two kids with us. We didn't just order $40 which was what the Groupon was for. The food sucked too. Don't waste your money.

It seems others with a Groupon experiences the same type of awful service. Hmmm.... Maybe the manager/owner should have told their wait staff to be a little more pleasant to Grouponers. 

Calling all Grouponers who had a bad experience, please take the time and post your horrific experience!
I know I've yelped this dish before...but it's worthy of an update! Last week I had the black pepper & sesame seed crusted seared AHI Tuna, garnished with sliced avocado, mixed greens lightly dressed with pear vinaigrette & a fresh mango cucumber relish! It's off the hook...yummy!! 

They've also added a southern pecan chicken salad (cajun chicken, candied pecans, raisins, sunflower seeds, celery, onion, lettuce & tomato & dijon)...they offer this as either a sandwich or topped over salad greens...both are perfect summer dishes. 

I noticed they have new summer hours and open at 4...and offer 1/2 off bottle wines everyday...not just on Tuesday which is awesome! And for the beer drinker...$3 beers...really, $3. True story! 

While I was there, at the bar I sat next to a couple of Grouponers and they went on and on about how much they loved the food I think one gal had the spicy creole pasta and the other had the jambalaya...which I love. They took the trek from Camelback corridor is what they said and plan to spread the word about this North Scottsdale hot spot! 

Nice job Jasper's! Now if we can only get you to open more locations...life would be better in the valley ;-)
After much internal debate I have settled on rating Jaspers a solid 3 stars. I would probably really give it 3.5 stars, but since that is not an option, I'll go with 3. We went here last night and really the food was quite good. There wasn't anything really that blew me away though- I think if I go again, I may be able to upgrade my rating, but alas. 

For appetizer, we shared the beignets, which were awesome, but to me were more like corn fritters. Either way these were great, not sure if the sauce was the best choice to go with them, but all in all I would get them again in a heartbeat. For dinner I had the shrimp tacos. The sauce on them was good, but the dish itself was too dry- I ended up dunking my tacos in my Husbands shrimp and grits sauce, which was smokey goodness. The grits were very flavorful and the sauce was to die for. Everyone we were with seemed to enjoy their meal with no complaints. I did sample some french fries and I must say they were battered and extremely crunchy good. 

We purchased a localdines coupon, so the price wasn't too bad. The service was good, but the place was smaller than I expected, but had a good atmosphere. I would for sure go back and give this local establishment another round, and try some of the suggestions for others on yelp.
Had a nice Saturday night meal @ Jaspers. Chicken pasta and mango tea were both delicioso. Had the meatloaf last time I was here and it was world-class. Looove the atmosphere. No pretense, just a charming neighborhood place. If you're expecting a spicy dish like you might get at Pappadeaux, you may be disappointed. Taken on face value, the food is fresh and tasty and includes gluten-free options.
This place is a really nice, quaint place to grab a bite of Cajun cooking.  As you approach Jaspers they have a large outside area for the spring/winter/fall, which deceives you into thinking the indoor dining area will be large as well. The inside, however, is pretty small. Despite a small dining area Jaspers delivers big taste. The Jack Rice is a spicy soup like dish that packs a decent punch. Really made my nose run. The jumbalaya was my favorite. Great taste, had a hint of green pepper in every bite. Delicious! Can't wait until I can go back and try the meatloaf!
This lovely restaurant will make you smile. The service here is outstanding, the food is amazing and the beverage service perfect. 
People welcome you when you come in, the bar is very inviting and Eddie, the bartender is quite the character. He really makes precise and perfect cocktails and I like it here. 
I had the hummus and chicken - simple dish that was made extraordinary.  
I will dine in this great establishment as often as I can.
This was a great surprise and a great place. 
We has two appetizers, which were great and especially at Happy Hour prices. Having Kilt-lifter beer alone made it worth going to. 
I had the Ravioli, which was absolutely delicious. We ate inside, but the patios looked great.
I had a featured chef menu item the other night; salmon tacos.  Very flavorful!  They are also now serving a really great Pinot Noir (Daedalus)...which I was very excited about.  Now that I'm living back in the area I will also be able to take advantage of their "After 9" Lounge bites for $5 and sips for $6.  Which is exactly what Grayhawk needs....  Not many great little lounge spots are open late on Thurs...and Jasper's is now open late on Thurs, Fri's, and Saturdays until midnight.  The bartender "Eddie" is awesome.  He's definitely passionate about his cocktails.  The one I enjoy most right now is his version of the Pimms Cup.  He's got a funny dry sense of humor...  Pretentious does not define him.  He does a great job of giving the restaurant that lounge feel..more like a San Francisco lounge.
Seat yourself restaurant which was somewhat uncomfortable. Was eventually seated as place was full inside and too cool to be outside. Greeted and given the lowdown on specials on happy hour. Ordered a crab dip to start. Dip was tasty but could tell it was not made in the restaurant. The chips were also not made in house. I had jambalaya and wife pulled pork sandwich. The pulled pork was drown in a spicy bbq sauce and jambalaya was soupy and too much chicken which tasted stewed. This place gets business and perhaps we just ordered the wrong dishes. Too many choices to eat out and therefore will not give this place another try.
Loveeeee the gumbo! Nothing else there is good in my opinion.
Came here for happy hour which was nice but the restaurant and food seems too mediocre & too pricey for a regular meal. The restaurant is nice and has a good sized patio. Though it is surrounded by cars driving by, they've put up a lot of fabric partitions and play music so the fact that you're basically sitting in a parking lot is less obvious. I ordered the beignets, which were described as cheddar & corn beignets and in the appetizer section so I figured they would be savory. I was wrong, there was no cheddar or corn flavor, and they did not go so well with beer. Had this dish been in the dessert section I would be raving about the delicious fried dough with intense sweetness. My boyfriend got the crab dip and liked it. 

Overall I would recommend Jaspers Peak for happy hour if you live in the area ($5 appetizers, $4 beers, outdoor seating).
Went here with a friend recently after some golf... It was the second time I had been here.

The first time was probably some time last summer, and all I remember is that I was unimpressed.

Decided to give it another shot, and ordered the Peak Burger.  This burger sounded like quite a nice sandwich, with andouille sausage, remoulade, ciabatta bread, etc.  I made sure to order it medium rare, but it was clearly cooked to well done, without even a touch of pink.  This, of course, left the meat nice and dry.  The bread was also overly crisp, and it was light on the sausage and sauce.  

The fries were excellent, but it was easily the most disappointing hamburger I have had in some time.

A quarter of the way through the burgers (both of us ordered medium rare burgers, and both were well done), we notified the waiter.  He offered to have them remade, but we figured it wouldn't be worth the wait.

Oddly, we were not comped for the overcooked burgers.  Not even free fries, drinks, or anything.  No apology when he brought our checks...

I'll give them a star for good fries and IBC root beer (though they could pick a better root beer).  But I'll pass on the underwhelming entrees and cold treatment.
Decent twist on Cajun we got brought to us after my cuz dined there.
Food: 3
Cost to worth it rating: 3 (entrees $15-20)
Return worthiness: could go either way

Highlights:
- Shrimp and grits: smokey chunky tomato sauce and big shrimp
- Meatloaf bolognese pasta: meatloaf was awesome in huge chunks with bacon around the outside. The pasta part was just ok
- Beignets: really good crispy small balls but more sweet than savory cheesy
- Peanut butter chocolate pie: my fave dessert combo which I liked a lot

Midlights
- Key lime pie: I'm a big fan of key lime but in this version the flavors weren't distinct enough so I'd call in just ok

Lowlights
- Menu on website doesn't match menu at the restaurant so hub was disappointed on no prime rib

Food was fine and hear it's fun for drinks so might try going there sometime when I'm in the area.
UPSIDE: My boyfriend and I come here often because it is a stone's throw from where we live. He loves the voodoo chicken and I can't get enough of the meatloaf (laced with bacon - yum!) Our new favorite drink here is the Moscow Mule. So refreshing. In addition, they were on the Restaurant.com program so we would get $25 off a $50 purchase. NOTE: I visited Restaurant. com in February to purchase more certificates for Jasper's but they are no longer listed there. Bummer!

DOWNSIDE: I have never been here for happy hour (HH) so we decided to give it a try the week of Feb 19 only to find that their appetizers are no longer discounted for HH. In addition, the HH menu was so misleading: the bartender told us verbally it was $3 off any glass of wine from 4-7 PM so we ordered three glasses of the house white wine. Turns out they exclude the house wine from HH pricing so each glass was actually $7. 

BOTTOM LINE: I will go back to Jasper's for dinner but not for happy hour.
One of our favorite local joints... Bartender/owner is SOOOO great and the one girl in the world my lady has a girl-crush on... 

That means great service... I think... 

Anyway, I'm originally from Utah so I am not sure what Cajun food is really supposed to be like... but I know what I like, and I like this food. Look, if you dare to serve deviled eggs as an appetizer, you KNOW your food is fresh and awesome.

At age 43, we are usually the youngins in here, but when Ms. Crush serves a 3 oz scotch, you gotta respect.

Get your butt over here; it's great.
I'ld give 6 stars if possible for each and every appetizer we have had. The tomato soup, caesar salad, beignets, and crab dip are all way more delicious than they have any right to be. However, the stand out is clearly the shrimp canapé - one of the best  appetizers I've ever had. Period. 

The other side of the coin is the at-best mediocre entrees. The first night we had a gift certificate and ordered an absurd amount of food and ended up leaving both the burger and meatloaf largely untouched. On subsequent visits the appetizers were consistently amazing and the variety of entrees just didn't live up to the apps. The blackened tacos were bland and tasteless. The meatloaf was swimming in liquid. The burger bun was overly toothsome and the burger bland. 

Long story short - order appetizers (which there are more than enough of) and you will be happy. Also happy hour is great but the wine is overpriced otherwise. 

Take away = worth it for shrimp canapé if nothing else!
The best house wine selection and hummus and chicken ever!
Ate at Rhythm on tuesday with the girl and my daughter. From what i understand, they've been open less than a week. 

I've been intrigued by this place since they started building it last year - thought the building was in an unusual location - thought it was going to be an office building - wrong ! 

When i finally saw a sign saying steaks/seafood i was thinking - great a local spot for me to frequent. But by the time they open, i move, but i still drive by often so i gotta try it. 

I was a little surprised by the lay out - open dining area, tables close together , no booths per se and the tables are too damn small ! The entire upstairs is a banquet area - good luck there ! 

We order several apps - Crawfish tails($8.99 ) , alligator tails ( $9.29 ) , calamari ( $11.29 ) , Charbroiled oysters ( $9.79 ) - overall, very average. The calamari is way over priced for what you get. The oysters were decent, I challenge anyone to taste the crawfish tails blindfolded and guess what they are - too much coating, small lil niblets . 
We also shared a seafood gumbo bowl ( $6.79 ) - my daughter impressed me ( she tried it first ) - " they burnt the roux " - WOW ! she actually listened to me after years of making gumbo - i tried it next - she's right and you can see it - lil flakes of black in the gumbo, bitter. And they still served it ??!? 

I went with the bbq ribs ( $16.99 ) includes 2 sides - mushrooms and asparagus - i loved the sides, they love butter and cream ! the ribs - the meat was good - the sauce a little to sweet for me ( strong molasses flavor ) 

Daughter tried the salmon ($16.79 ) with spinach and mushrooms - good. 

The girl ordered Seafood delight with rice and broccoli ( $15.29 ) - basically shrimp, catfish and i believe oysters in a cream sauce - delicious ! 

We shared a bananas foster ( $8.79 ) - not bad but damn expensive for what you get ! 

had a nola beer - abida - very tasty ( $5.75 ) 

Overall, it's a toss-up , gotta give them a little time to work out the kinks, i think the pricing might be a little high. Definitely will try again in a month or so to see if they've improved. I wish them all the luck 

Happy Eating ! 

pics posted
The BF did some research on Cajun/Creole restaurants in Vegas before we headed there again for the second time this month. I was a bit skeptical when he asked me what I thought about trying the Rhythm Kitchen - probably because there were only 2 Yelp reviews and neither of gave me warm fuzzies about the food. Since Creole/Cajun food is the BF's favorite and we're always looking for new restaurants to try, we thought we would give the place a try. On 7/24, we took a drive down Decatur to the Rhythm Kitchen for lunch. The restaurant is a wonderful modern establishment that unfortunately sits all by itself in a deserted area. When we arrived at the restaurant my first instinct was to turn around and leave. The parking lot was pretty empty and it seemed like a ghost town. That coupled with the fact that the place had somewhat of a foul odor. I should have followed my instinct and left. For starters, they give you a lunch menu, but beware because most if not all the prices are exactly the same as those on the dinner menu. And you pay dinner prices for lunch size portions. Are you kidding me! Here's the scoop on what the BF and I ordered: 

Jambalaya - Spicy but lacked that authentic Cajun seasoning and flavor. It was also a bit too soupy. Not bad, but I've had much better. 

Shrimp and Catfish Po Boy - Large pieces of shrimp and cornmeal battered fish. Just ok. Again, it seemed to be lacking something. A bit bland for my taste. 

Red Beans and Rice - Disgusting. Truthfully, the Popeyes Chicken across the street tastes much better. 

Cajun Rice - Not sure why they opted to switch the andouille sausage for spicy sausage (as indicated by the waiter), but I didn't care for this side dish. Like the red beans and rice, the Cajun rice had zero flavor. 

Sweet Tea - I was really excited to see that they offered this southern delicacy. However, I was very disappointed. How can you serve "sweet tea" when the tea is not sweet??? 

On the upside, they serve you delicious hush puppies with honey butter and they will keep them coming. Just be sure to finish up before 3:00 PM because they will hover over you and attempt to rush you out so they can close up shop early. Bad customer service, especially for a new establishment. Overall, however, I would not recommend this place. There are better places both on and off the strip.
Everybody's a food critic!  I eat at Rhythm Kitchen once a week and the food is wonderful! The wine list is great and the staff and owner are the best.
The outside of this Creole restaurant looks very much like a miniature Orleans Casino. The inside is spacious with an open kitchen, several dining areas, a bar and several private function rooms on the second floor.  Shortly after our menus were delivered we received a basket containing 2 rolls and 8 hush puppies.  The rolls were left untouched, but the hush puppies were rapidly consumed in fear one or the other of us would eat more than his/her fair share.  We both ordered the New Orleans seafood delight - 3 pieces of blackened catfish plus 3 shrimp over rice covered with a spicy Parmesan cream sauce and served with mixed vegetables.  Although this meal will never replace our lunches at Commander's Palace, I thought it was the best of the trip though my wife was a little less enthusiastic.
Good southern food, especially by Vegas standards. Awesome ambience and friendly service. Prices are great and even better during happy hour (goes till 7:30). Half price appetizers! I especially recommend the oysters. Half dozen starting only at $4! Hear they have live music on the weekends. Will be back to check it out.
I'm a vegetarian starving in Las Vegas, I've been living off of muffins, fries and cheese for weeks...need...veggies...NOW...!

So today...It's past lunchtime and everyone is starving, so we decided to explore the area for a sit down meal and stumbled across the Rhythm Kitchen.  From the outside, it looked like a New Orleans home (wraparound porch, ceiling fans, etc) in the middle of nowhere, on the inside, the restaurant was completely empty.  When we walked in, there was no hostess to be found, so we picked up our own menus and seated ourselves.

When I opened the menu to pick my lunch, and there was absolutely nothing there for a vegetarian.  At this point, I am thinking this was going to end up a disaster.

Then the Jesse the waiter arrived to take our order, I asked him if he could whip up a vegetarian meal for me out of their offering of sides - broccoli, asparagus, sauteed mushrooms, sauteed spinach on a bed of rice pilaf.  He said, he'd have to ask because it's not a normal entree offering and the individual sides would cost over $20.  He comes back and tells me the manager agreed to sell me the meal for $10.99.  Kind of pricey, but I wasn't going to complain at that point.

When my meal came, it was surprisingly delicious!  SOOO DAMN GOOD!  All of the vegetables were seasoned correctly and cooked to perfections (a bit al dente), the rice was equally good.  It was so good I scarfed it down in about 5 minutes.  When Jesse came back to check on us, I told him that my meal was awesome, and he just looked at me and said "Really?".  I guess the Nevadans just don't get the whole veggie thing.

In the end, my lunch companions and I all expected a disaster, but were all equally impressed and surprised at such a find in the Rhythm Kitchen.  Great food, great service.

I'll definitely be back for lunch again, maybe even dinner...They are open until 10pm on the weekdays.

P.S. Yay for me on review #200!!!
THE BEST HAPPY HOUR IN LAS VEGAS.  They have a great happy hour menu ranging from raw oysters on the half shell at $6 to aligator tail for $5.   It goes from 230 until 730!  My girlfriend and I love it, we stock up on oysters and aligator and feast on all the other goodies (all around $5.  FOR the price the food is amazing, if you don't count this price the food I consider is still very good.  Def. worth the happy hour trip!
Well....uhh...Rhythm Kitchen puts forward a great effort to bring NOLA-style food to Vegas, but I gotta say they may need to make another trip down to the dirty south that I love so much and call home. We went here to watch some acquaintances play upstairs (which rocked btw) and we started with the spin/art dip (4 stars). For an entree decided I'd stick with something fried (that's what we do in the south - fry things) so I ordered the fried catfish (3 stars) with a side of red beans and rice (1 star). The catfish was 'aight', but the red beans and rice were pretty horrible I gotta say (to the point they had to be bathed in Tabasco before being edible). Service was okay, but the guy was SWAMPED and definitely needed help. I generally give places another shot, but I can't say I wanna head back here for seconds.
First, let me just say that I've never been to the South so I can't really compare this food to the true Southern style. I'm only comparing it to the other restaurants here in Vegas.

Went there on a weekend for dinner around their opening time (5pm), there was only 2 tables in there. So we got seated right the way.

They bring you a basket of hush puppies right the way with sweet butter.... oh my...... move over the "Hush Puppies" restaurant... these are the best hush puppies I've had. They are not your typical fried corn meal batter. These are really flavorful and fill with some kind of stuffing and Jalapeno peppers. Nice intense flavor with a hint of spiciness. We had to get a refill of one more basket.

For starters we ordered Grilled Cajun Scallops as appetizer $10.29. They were really fresh and skewered with some vegetables and over some rice. But the Cajun flavor could be strong though. 

For entrees we ordered the all you can eat fried catfish fillets for $13.95 and Jambalaya for $14.29

The fried catfish were really tasty, the batter was seasoned just right so it's very crispy and flavorful. And these fillets are big pieces, and it's a real piece of fillet, not the fake small pieces other restaurants usually serve. And it's all-you-can-eat.... for $13.95! Can't beat that. They will bring you two more pieces each time when you get a refill and it's really fast. I think catfish is one of their popular items so they always have fresh batch coming out.

The Jambalaya was OK, the Cajun flavor was not as strong on this. And not really spicy. Maybe that's why the have a bottle of Louisiana's Hot Sauce on each of the tables.

Really attentive and excellent service. The atmosphere is romantic and quiet.  They also have a bar on the other side. But if you want to enjoy a romantic atmosphere, sit on the restaurant side. They also have a balcony upstairs and it appears to be another bar/ party room with a stage. It was closed when we were there, but maybe you can book it for private parties.
After living just down the street from Rhythm Kitchen, I finally managed to make it over for dinner and it was well worth the trip.  Incredible filet mignon with sauteed mushrooms and a perfect Caesar salad.  Great bottle of wine - especially since their bottles are 50% off on Mondays.  Very sweet and friendly server and a lovely but laid back atmosphere.  I'll definitely be back.
The surf and turf was pretty much a joke.  The filet mignon was better cooked at TGIF and the lobster tail was so dry that I sent it back along w/ my microwaved frozen broccoli which was so fucking gross.  The recooked lobster tail was better but still wasn't what I expected .  The waiter tried to explain that they usually cook the lobster in a different oven but it wasn't working.  I'm the dumb one for ordering that at a place like this. 

I would just go w/ the fried foods and the sandwiches next time. They all seem reasonably priced and the happy hour menu looks decent.
My parents met and fell in love in WWII new Orleans and eagerly await each new offering of gumbo only to be dissapointed.  Rythum kitchen didn't change the streak.

Lacking this sort of first hand experience with New Orleans, I was tickled pink with the Crescent City Pasta, a shell fish dish with lime and spinich.  

We all approved of the hushpuppies and honey butter.  The tea was hot but service was slow.  A slight restaurant stench greeted us upon entry in lieu of a hostess.

The decor and ambiance reminded the folks of New Orleans and, all in all, it was a delightful lunch.
$35.00 for 3
I think this deserves 3.5 stars & maybe more esp since I'm not a fan of fried food so I didn't try any.  That may be a mortal sin at this place but they still offer prime rib which I had medium rare with asparagus & spinach.  My hubs had the ribs with a dinner salad & side mushrooms.  Surprisingly, we went in at 5pm & the lot was full & it was essentially crowded due to (probably) the east coasters eating early since it's really 8 pm for them.  By 6pm, some were done & had left & even more couples were arriving for dinner.  I think we'll be back since Herb, our waiter had even mentioned that happy hour is 2-7 with 1/2 price drinks & apps so how could you go wrong?
The jambalaya was burnt. I have heard good things about this place but we ordered 7 different things and was not impressed. The atmosphere is nice and relaxing but just wish the food were better.
75.71 for my girlfriend and I....about $40 too much.  Something about the acoustics of the room make it impossible to hear ANYTHING to person 3 feet away across the table is saying.

Decent service, but the food was pretty bad.  Jalepeno hush puppies left our eyes, not our mouths, watering.  Crawfish etoufee = crawfish too-salt-tay.  Avoid the bananas foster (easily confused for gerber baby food).

There is a bar/lounge on the far side of the restauraunt which might see my wallet in the future, but the restaurant....never again.
-SERVICE: Great!!! 
-ATMOSPHERE: Great, except, I am not into the low lighting thing, especially when it's so low that you can't see your Menu. 
-FOOD: I've had better. 

I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Southern/Creole/Cajun food and we've been on this adventure to search for some good NOLA-style food here in the desert. We've actually already found it, unfortunately, it wasn't here. 

Customer service was top notch. Atmosphere was great, except the low lighting, that was horrendous. Christina, our server, was great. Here's the reason for the 2-Stars... 

As soon as I walked into the building, I was pretty impressed at the staircase leading to the second floor. It's a fine dining establishment and the decor is nice. 

Although I haven't actually been to NOLA, I've set the bar pretty high for NOLA style food because it's sooooooooooooooooo good! 

I like good food and I love it when I find a place is able to WOW me enough to get me to come back for repeat visits. Unfortunately, Rhythm Kitchen fell short of making any kind of impression on me. Their food is quite forgettable, the food wasn't up to par with what I've experienced else where. Again, I haven't been to NOLA, I will be visiting in Aug, so I am hoping that this is not the way the food really tastes because this was so disappointing. 

I really doubt that I'll be back... Sorry, I no likey.
I made the mistake of buying a coupon from restaurants.com for this restaurant without checking yelp. My fiancee and I were very disappointed in the food quality and taste. I ordered the gumbo and was disappointed and my fiancee order the prime rib and he was disappointed. The waiter suggested and it was huge piece of meat with no taste.  Would not return ever. Disappointed. Customer service was also bad.
This place looks impressive from the outside. One the night of our visit, the parking lot was full, but luckily the dining room is large so we didn't have to wait! 

The dining area was very clean, and the wait staff was impressively dressed. Our server was friendly and attentive. 

I had the Shrimp Creole, and my husband had the Atchafalaya Crawfish Delight. There was ample food for the price, however I wasn't impressed with the sauce. I felt it was too tomato pastey and kind of bland. It needed more flavor and spice for my taste. 

We love Creole/Cajun food and we are always on the prowl for a dining experience in Las Vegas that will satisfy. Unfortunately this was not the place. Not bad, but not complete satisfaction, I don't think we will come back.
This Creole/Cajun restaurant was reasonably busy and the bar was packed with Saints' fans on this evening 
because New Orleans was playing on Monday night football.  Our waiter took our orders and returned shortly with a basket of hot hush puppies that made me want to howl in happiness.  I started off with a bowl of seafood gumbo while Ann ordered a  1/2 dozen oysters.  For a main course Ann selected the crawfish etouffee served with rice.  I did her one better by ordering the Atchafalaya Crawfish Delight - blackened catfish over Cajun rice covered with crawfish etouffee.  Combined with the seafood gumbo, my dinner was a little too much of a good thing.
A Group of us went to the Rhythm Kitchen on New Years and It was the worst experience for such a Beautiful Restaurant. Our dinner was suppose to start a 8:00pm.  We did not receive our salad until 10:00pm.  The food was not good.  The service was a joke. and for $125.00 plus 18% gratuity  I could have gone to Flemings Steak house and had a better meal.  We were all not impressed.  I don't think I would go back to the restaurant again.
I agrees with Tricia M - that the food is very hit and miss but fortunately for me - mostly hits...

Hubby and I have been here twice now - once with the family and then a few weeks ago for date night with friends.  I am happy to report I am so glad we tried this place!  Thanks fellow Yelpers for steering me away from what this restaurant should be known for - NOLA deliciousness and instead have stuck to steaks and catfish.  I have not been disappointed.  

Both times we have had the friendliest servers who waited on us hand and foot, even towards the end of our meal when the restaurant was full. The food was delicious as well and would have received a higher rating except the baked potatoes were beyond over cooked and cold.  Wasn't impressed with the desserts either - but maybe because I was too stuffed.  I also would have really loved to try the real Cajun cuisine instead - I was tempted but I knew better (thanks to Yelp!). 

The steaks and other sides were amazing as well as our appetizers. Grilled Oysters - Yum!  Alligator - Yum!   Asparagus - Yum!  Grilled Mushrooms - Yum!  Catfish - moist and flakey huge Yum!  Hush Puppies -OMG Yum!

Hubby was not a fan of the seasoning used on the outside of his prime rib but that was a personal taste issue - the prime rib was still perfectly cooked. And they really know how to grill a ribeye (but my sexy hubby chef still is the master!) 

We will definitely be back but I will Yelp first to see if the ratings have improved enough for me to try the Jambalya, Gumbo, Dirty Rice & Shrimp Creole that I really want.
I love judging books by the cover....thats how I ended up tonight with my mom at the Rhythm Kitchen.

For months I have driven by this impressive edifice at Decatur and the 215 and wondered what kind of awesomeness went on inside.  It was clear from the facade there was some type of N'awlins food going on and with mamma's money paying the tab, I finally had an excuse to venture over.  

I was immediately struck by the size of the place.  The lounge and bar area is big and almost completely separate from the rest of the restaurant.  The dining room is even bigger and nicely apportioned...Im a sucker for table clothes and they of course have them.  Smile.

The menu has many Creole specialties and is fairly expansive.  The wine menu is pretty average and I was disappointed to see that the wines by the glass were kind of pricey for the quality.  They did redeem themselves by having three types of beer from Abita in Louisiana on draught which were tasty.  

A bread basket is brought out to start that has dinner rolls and............wait for it.........................HUSH PUPPIES!!!!!  I love hush puppies and these were excellent, not those janky fried mush balls you get at fast food fish places named after a pirate.  We also ordered one of their appetizers and got the Crab Cakes which came as three large crab balls.  They had a nice batter on the outside and rich, warm crab on the inside.  The remoulade sauce was a nice complement for them as well.  

I ordered the Seafood Gumbo and my mom got the Shrimp Jumbalaya and both were generous servings with rice and, peppers and Andouille sausage.  The funny thing however was that there wasn't much difference between the two in terms of look and composition.  Strange.  I mean we were both happy and the taste was excellent but they were almost the same.  In fact, I might suggest getting the Gumbo because its significantly cheaper.  But yeah, the doppleganger effect was odd.   

Overall prices are reasonable, service crisp and friendly and food pretty darn good.  They're not reinventing the wheel at Rhythm Kitchen but they are serving up decent New Orleans style cuisine.  

Sometimes its best to leave a mystery a mystery because your not happy with what you find out and its better to dream about all the possibilities that could be.....thats not the case here.  I'm glad I made it into Rhythm Kitchen to explore and I'm sure I'll be back again.
the wife and i stopped in here to grab a bite, walked in the lobby and were impressed by the building and decor. then we stood at the reception desk for about 7 minutes before anyone showed up (i am already thinking not good). the place was dead (it was Sunday night) and the dining room is large so we sat right down, service was good but kind of slow. we didn't order any cocktails or appetizers so we went straight to our meals, the wife ordered bacon wrapped shrimp with asparagus and a side Caesar side salad, i ordered a Caesar salad with jumbo shrimp. the wife's salad came and it had no croutons, she asked the waitress if they forgot and she said they ran out and asked if that was ok (come on who runs out of croutons and then asks if it is ok when they get called out? either make some or run out and buy some!!) so now i know what i have to look forward to. they did bring basket with some pretty tasty jalapeno hush puppies and some generic rolls. so our food shows up a little later and the presentation was ok, the shrimp were a good size, not gulf size but decent. all of it tasted ok, not sensational or anything to rave about. check was 40 bucks, a little much for some shrimp on a salad and some bacon wrapped shrimp with some asparagus. i don't think we will go back.
I wish we could give 1/2 star increments.
This is a 3.5 star kinda place... a little better than just "OK" but not 4 stars.

This is for the restaurant side as we didn't go to the lounge/bar side.

Dinner on a Tuesday night....

Service:  
Great!  Jesse took really good care of us. Of course, the place was pretty empty and it was just us and a couple other tables.

Ambiance: 
Nice.... White Table cloth kinda place but not stuffy... definitely can wear nice jeans to.

Menu: 
Good selection of all different kinds of "New Orleans" type of food (crawfish, alligator, catfish) plus the usual fare like chicken and pasta dishes.

Taste:  
Hushpuppies are AWESOME!  Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside... and not grainy like most hushpuppies I've tried. Plus, these have  nice kick to them... I think there were pepper pieces in them.

Shrimp Broquette appetizer: nothing special.... the menu described it as being wrapped in bacon... but we didn't see any bacon... it came out like a Shrimp kabob on a skewer with bell peppers and onions on rice pilaf.

Jambalaya was pretty good... not the best I've ever had but meaty and filling.

The Crawfish Etoufe was ok... I've had better.... but the size of it... Wow!  I think this could easily be shared. And it was filled with lots and lots of crawfish which was really nice.

The Vegetarian Plate made a great side dish.  It's listed under Salads... but we ordered it as a side to our entrees... and it was pretty big and came with grilled asparagus, zucchini, steamed brocolli, mushrooms and rice pilaf.

Price: A little on the pricey side... I think for 3 people our total plus tip was $140.
When I first walked into Rhythm Kitchen there was two friendly hostesses up front who greeted me and my guess warmly with a smile. I imediately felt the excitement in the building and couldn't wait to be seated.. 

As soon as we sat we were introduced to a helpful and happy server. She asked if it was our first time and immediately recommended dishes on the menu. One of them was the N'Awlins Seafood Delight which sounded so yummy..it was one of her favorites! 

For appitizer we had the Big n Easy sampler, a variety of their fried items such as frog legs, crab cakes, aligator tail, and fried oysters!!! Wow it was amazing! Already a good start... Our server brought out hush puppies and homemade bread! Yum! 

I ordered the seafood delight which was blacken catfish with grill shrimp topped with a Cajun Parmesan cheese serve with rice pilaf and steamed broccoli!! It was AMaZInG!! No wonder it was her favorite! 

My friend ordered the prime rib with a house salad and their red beans n rice. I tried a piece and was blown away by all the season n spices it had.. Not to mention the size of the meat! Huge!! I asked our server how they prepared the prime? She was so helpful she explained that they season it well with salt n pepper, kitchen bouquet and red wine, then cooked for 6 hours! 

I enjoyed every moment at Rhythm Kitchen from their staff to their delicious food! I will definetly be back for more and would highly recommend eating here! Next time I will try their banana fosters n creme brûlée for dessert!!
Whoa man strong drinks with decent prices. All you can eat catfish and pretty good fried ice cream.
My husband and I decided to try this place since we drive by often. 
We took advantage of the Valentines Pre-fix menu for $125 per couple. 
When we first walked in we weren't greeted with an overly warm affection. 
We were seated on the lower level and handed menu's when I had realized that my husband said that when he booked the reservation he was told we would be on the top floor. I asked the hostess , she said oh I didn't know!? Not my problem!
We went upstairs and a nicer woman approached us , she asked about our preferences with our steak. I knew that our menu included champagne , but was expecting water at least before our food. That was not the case , we had our salads out before anything to drink . I quickly asked the server to please bring us some water. Hello!! I have previously been a waitress several years ago , and it was always a given to get beverages on the table before food! She then seemed a little annoyed and gave an excuse that she was just helping our server. ??
Our waiter was nice. 
We started with Caesar salads and a sweet roll, both were good.
Second course was crab cakes with Remoulade sauce. They were a little spicy  and tasty. They were playing a video DVD of John Mayer in concert , until a man with a keyboard started playing romantic tunes. Next it was time for our steak and lobster, my husband had to stop our waiter before we left to get us steak knives, hello!!! The meal was very good , it came with asparagus, and Savoyarde potato . Everything was pretty good. It was cooked very well and tasteful. 
Dessert was yummy , a hazelnut crunch bar that was soft and melted in your mouth with a crunchy layer on the bottom.
Overall it was a good experience , but for $125 a couple , I would have expected a bit more with regard to service. 
We may give this place another shot , and sample their regular menu.?
I guess you could call it our first official date PB (post-baby).  It was a last minute decision to check out Rhythm Kitchen on a Friday night, especially since we drive by it all the time and have to wonder what it's like.

We walked in to an elegant foyer and for a moment, I felt a bit under dressed.  There were two hostesses manning the front, one of whom I had the impression was the owner or manager.  With no reservations, we were easily seated at a table right by the pianist.  (They just added the pianist on a regular basis.)  It was really nice inside the dining room, and rather busy.  Despite the upscale feeling, there's a very casual crowd inside which works out great.  You can have a nice dinner out without the stuffiness.  

Since we were on a time limit, we ordered only entrees and waited for them to arrive.  In the meantime, a basket of hush puppies and one bread roll with sweet butter arrived at our table.  (We are a party of two, only one bread roll?)  Nonetheless, we enjoyed the piping hot hush puppies and the warm bread. 

There was a bit of lag time as we waited for our food and I was under the impression that it felt like it was a bit understaffed.  It looked like there were three waiters, which had me concerned with how long it would take our food to come out since the wait staff definitely took their time with each customer (getting drink orders, getting apps started, explaining items on the menu, etc.).  It gave us a chance to enjoy the lovely music though.  

Our food did arrive by someone else and the Husband chose Seafeast Platter "Combination of catfish fillets, oysters, fried shrimp and cold boiled shrimp." ($17.79) It came with one side, and he chose a Baked Potato with his.  He appreciated that it was loaded with butter, sour cream, green onions, and cheese.  The deep fried catfish and oysters were pretty good, and not overly oily or fatty.  It had a good batter on it.  His platter also came with their chow chow relish.

I chose the Grilled Cajun Scallops "With andouille sausage." ($17.99)  It came with two sides, and I chose the Baked Potato and Sauteed Mushrooms.  The scallops were on a kabob stick (about 9 large scallops), along with sausage, bell peppers, and onions.  Rice and gravy sat underneath my protein.  The scallops were pretty good, not overcooked at all.  More on the rare side, which I prefer.  And the mushrooms were cooked very nicely too.  I pretty much devoured my dinner (as a customer noted from a nearby table).  This same customer also commented on how delicious her crab chowder and deep fried alligator was.  She even offered some to us!

Since we were in a rush, I quickly asked our waiter for our check and let him know we had a baby waiting.  He seemed like he understood our urgency, but took the time to clear our table first.  (Yes, I know he was doing his job, but I think he missed the point that we needed to go and now!)

The manager/owner took the time to talk to us and let us know about the bar/lounge connected next door and their happy hour.  She also mentioned that they have banquet facilities upstairs and there's a live band that will be coming on a regular basis as well.  (I think there's a cover charge.)  She also mentioned joining their email list so we could find out what entertainment was going on.

Overall, we both were pleasantly surprised and delighted with our experience at Rhythm Kitchen.  One would have a better experience if you can enjoy a leisurely dinner instead.  Yes, it might be a bit pricey depending on what you get, so it helps that they are in the Entertainment Book.
Sunday afternoon for dinner. The place was empty. Ordered the blackened alligator tail, suprisingly delicious. 

Also ordered the Cajun shrimp, it had what they call Cajun sauce, very plain, it lagged flavor, it was red water.  I have had the same dish at the Sunset station Oyster bar, and that one is so flavorful that you scrape up the bottom of your dish with the sourdough rolls. 

Overall, a bit overpriced for what you get but i highly recomend the alligator tail.
This place was so exciting to me, I was happy to find a cajun place in Las Vegas. But sadly I didn't. Nothing is prepared the way it is back home. It is so greasy that rather than a sauce or soup your food swims in a grease ocean. I'm a fan of greasie foods being from the south but this place seems to cook new york pizzas and wring them out into the food. That being said the staff is also lacking. They appear to be professional but even when it was slow we practically had to beg for drink refills. There are 3 good things I can say about their establishment. It's clean, has a couple of attractive waitresses, and the hush puppies are actually pretty good. I did eat here twice, so not just one bad experience. Just misplaced optimism haha!
This is a 2.5 star review.  They advertise as a fish and steakhouse.  Instead they should advertise as southern cooking.  Now I love southern cooking but there is more to southern cooking than deep fried and blackened.  

Positives
Decent selection of cocktails and food items (within the limitations of what I mentioned above).
Very nice waitress.

Negatives
Of four of us that ordered steaks I was the only one who didn't have to return mine.  We are all prior military and have eaten some crappy food so to actually return something means it was really, really not what we ordered or very bad.
Hostess, sadly, was really clueless.

If only one of us had to return a dish I would have given them at least 3.5 stars.  My steak was good but we had a table of six people and only two were satisfied with their meal. One was mildly disappointed and three were bordering on pissed.
Late afternoon on a Saturday....  We were greeted as if we did not belong -  we had no reservations.  There were maybe 10 folks total using two tables in the whole place.  She took us to a table right in the main path from the kitchen so my wife asked to move.  Nothing else was available in the whole empty place so we left.  Sorry, I can't tell you anything about the food.
The fried alligator was surprisingly delicious. I came here on a private function for a work gathering, and upstairs they have a bar, dance floor, and a band that my friend's company provided. A nice atmosphere, though I didn't get to explore the menu more than I should have. Mainly composed of southern cooking. Otherwise, this place is generally dead when it comes to the social atmosphere. Hopefully my next review will be a little more in-depth, since I do plan to come back and return to this place to explore a little more!
**Summary**
       - Fried foods - Crisp exterior with juicy insides. Not too oily either.
       - Price - A little on the pricier side, but you get what you paid for.
       - Shrimp size - Large to Jumbo.
       - Decor - Classy Cajun feeling. Good date place.
**Price**
       - $50.00 for two.
**Ordered**
       - Rhythm Kitchen Platter - The fried items are very crisp and not too oily
              - Catfish - Comparable to Hush Puppies but not as tasty as Catfish Alley.
              - Fried Oysters - First time having fried oysters. They were fan-freakin'-tastic
              - Fried Shrimp, Cold Boiled Shrimp - The shrimp were a lot larger than I expected and delicious.
              - Frog Legs - Never really liked frog legs. These were a tad bit on the hard side.
       - Jambalaya (Lunch Portion) - Very good. Similar to the Jambalaya and Elephant bar, but with more ingredients.
       - Fried Seafood Po Boy (Shrimp) - Six hefty shrimp in a po boy with steak fries. Way better than the tiny shrimp po boys from Sweet Factory. (Other options to fill the po boy: alligator, oyster, or catfish.)
**Recommendations**
       - Pretty elegant and scrumptious place for a night out.
       - If you're looking for upscale Cajun, you've found it.
So after months and months of passing this place by to and from work, I decided to give it a chance despite mixed reviews on here. Hubby and I went last night around 9:45 PM (couldn't help the time, I didn't get off work till 9 PM and they're open till 11PM). Hubby was output right away because the parking lot was empty... come on, it was late! We go in to meet a friendly hostess who seats us in the corner. Decor is very nice, romantic. Vince, our waiter, appeared right away to take our drink order, and gave us plenty of time with the menu as we were first timers. We went with: 

Appetizer: Artichoke dip with BBQ craw fish and shrimp 

Hubby's entree: Prime Rib 

My entree: Blackened Chicken Pasta 

We didn't go for anything out of the ordinary, but each and every bite that touched our lips was fantastic! The service was just as good, Vince never let our drinks get empty. 

Total bill $54.00... and worth every penny! Plates are generous portions, so you leave full with a smile on your face. Highly recommended!
I live close to this restaurant and decided to try it last night with a friend. Glad we did. We made it for the reverse happy hour 9:30-11pm at the lounge. FYI The lounge is towards the north part of the building. The food and well drinks are like $3-7 and since we are in Vegas I thought they would bring out happy hour sized portions like other restaurants do, but instead they bring out regular sized portions at happy hour prices! What a novel concept. It's so funny how some restaurant advertise happy hour and the portions are so small. Imagine ordering ribs at happy hour and getting one rib for $3. I mean come on, thankfully this place doesn't do that.

We ordered the pizza, b/c I was hungry and I didn't want to chance not liking the first dish. We then ordered the pickle chips, jambalaya, clam chowder and BBQ pork sliders. In all honesty we're not fat people, we just didn't know the size of the portions. Vegas does this to diners perceptions. You have to over order to get a full meal nowadays. All the food ordered was great, but the chowder and pork sliders were a bit salty. 
 
The bartender Kitty was great, but they lost a star b/c they had a DVD of that ugly, annoying dolt Harry Connick Jr. on repeat. I was ready to scream. I could never get used to hearing his music.
1 star mostly for the concept of all u can drink bloody marys and mimosas at brunch.  Too bad we couldn't stand to hang out any longer to get close to $18 worth, each...  Thanks for trying to make one Jane, but it wasn't any good.

This place is a joke.  Food was poorly executed, especially since we were in an empty dining room, listening to musac.  Poahed eggs were hard as rocks and the omelet was rubbery and dry.  $72 for brunch.

Owner/ manager walking around with a bloody mary in his hand (I guess I would be getting drunk too if my business was failing), instead of paying attention to his surroundings.  I think they pay more in linen for the dining room then they do their kitchen staff.

My Louisiana girlfriend is embarrassed that this place even exists..:
Not like "real" New Orleans' food.  Having lived in New Orleans for years, I know what creole food should taste like.  This restaurant was nice looking and the service was good, but the food was not that good.  The sweet tea was slightly lemon and not sweet.  The red beans were sweet, like baked beans.  The catfish was the best part, not too much batter.  The cornmeal breading though was not flavorful enough.  The restaurant just missed the mark on flavor which is the whole point of creole and cajun food.
I'm giving it three stars because the Jambalaya and the Gumbo were great.  I ordered the fried seafood platter and the catfish was completely dryed out,  the oysters were ok, the fried shrmip were very good and the boiled shrmip was flavorless without the cocktail sauce. Honestly, if I didn't have a Groupon for this meal, I would've been very unhappy to pay for this dish. 
The hushpuppies were served with the bread and were not hot which was very strange.
The saving grace was the wonderful gumbo and jambalaya. I would go back for those 2 items only.
Love this place!  Great food, reasonable prices, great service, and the pianist is top notch!  Went Friday night and had the best prime rib I ever had.  Jane was our server and she did a great job!  Just to see if it was a fluke, we went again Saturday night...just as great!  We tried a couple of Cajun dishes this time and it was excellent!  Jane was our server again and she was tops!  The pianist played everything from the usual fare to classical...and he actually enjoys doing it!  Great atmosphere and Friday night had quite a few of the Las Vegas Who's Who there!   This place is 100's of times better than the typical Las Vegas "long wait to be seated" places!!  We highly recommend!!!  Thank you, Rhythm for bringing class and great food to the neighborhood!

Btw- the artichoke dip appetizer is Out of This World!  :)
I cant believe some of the reviews this place is getting!! Are you guys kidding me? Me and the wifey went on yelp to find this hidden jewel while visiting for the weekend attending a motorcycle round up. This is the last restaurant we decided to try before heading back home....what a BIG mistake!! If I would of known the food was this good, I would of been the first place we went to and every damn day!!! I had the crawfish duet, which is half fried, and the other half in a sauce over rice. Oh my god, best shit ever!!! Everything was good!! The gumbo, hush puppies, the shrimp and catfish, drinks, and the desert was off the hook!!!! Didn't get a chance to get what I came there for, the friend alligator. My wife never had and oyster before and we asked if she could try one on the house and they did it with no problem! Service was great, you gotta try this place!!!
On each occasion that I've driven by this faux French Quarter building that rises out of the desert on an uninspired stretch of S. Decatur, I get nostalgic for the time I spent in New Orleans several years ago.  The food and the good times were epic, and I was not blinded with expectations that I would find anything like it here in Vegas.

My boyfriend bought a Group-on for this restaurant on the mention that I'd like to try it sometime.  I warn you that this review is projected through the rose-colored wine glasses of love, so grab a barf bag if you must.

We made a reservation for an early Friday dinner, but there were tables still open when we arrived.  The hostess attempted to seat us in an area of the dining room where the tables were occupied by families with children.  I was puzzled about that since there seemed to be lots of tables available and we were obviously a couple out for a romantic evening.  We were going to order a bottle or 2 of wine, we were going to have inappropriate conversation, we did not want this to occur in front of  children.  I gently advised her we would be more comfortable in that area where other child-less nuzzling couples were enjoying their wine & food.  She guided us to a more suitable table.

Our server was a bright-eyed gorgeous young thing who was impeccably turned out in a formal uniform (all the service here were in beautifully professional waitstaff suits).  She was very friendly & took our Group-on with a smile.  One thing that really impressed me was her knowledge of the wine list.  I required assistance choosing a wine so she asked me what kind of flavors I was looking for.  I told her I wanted something dry and citrusy, she recommended the Viognier which was the perfect choice.  And she stored it in a chilled wine bucket.  Fabulous!

Soon after came the bread basket.  I sampled only the hush-puppies which were crispy, dense, spicy & savory.  I detected a smoky pork flavor which drew my hands to the bread basket several more times.
We ordered the blackened alligator to start with.  The blackened seasoning was perfect, perhaps a bit too salty.  I'm not the biggest fan of alligator's swampy flavor profile and sinewy texture, however I found the few bites I took enjoyable.  

Boyfriend had the Atchafalaya crawfish delight, he subbed grilled asparagus for the vegetable medley for $2.  He was utterly delighted with his large portion of blackened catfish smothered in cajun rice and spicy etouffe.  I was all about the crawfish etouffe.  Our wonderful server suggested I add shrimp which gets them an extra star.  Crawfish butts are very small (I already knew this), so the addition of a few large shrimp pumped up the smooth, savory, spicy stew.  I noticed some strange things on the menu such as pizza & Caesar salad which seem to be placed there to add variety so that the menu will appeal to more people.  I found this move to be disagreeable but I understand it's financially smart to cater to different tastes.  Though who goes to a Cajun/Creole restaurant for pizza?

The bar adjoining the restaurant seemed pretty popular, their happy hour deal seems like a great way to enjoy the food & drinks for a lower price. 

I know it's a long review, I wanted to give a counter response to the shorter reviews that declare that this place "sucks" or that they didn't meet expectations.  I would admit it's more in the category of Antoine's than the Commander's Palace.  It's also not a budget restaurant but it would be a wonderful place for a romantic date, as long as your hostess doesn't sit you around a bunch of screaming kids.
Before I get into this review, let me preface that I will try this place again.  I was hoping for a little more from my first experience here, but I must see if what I am looking for actually exists here.

First off, let me compliment a big thing: The outside of the building looks great.  It looks like something out of New Orleans, even if it is a standalone building.  I've found architecture in Vegas to generally be incredibly boring, unless it's on the Strip or in a residential area before the 1990's.  Thank you for actually trying to BE something instead of the bland store front.

I've been wanting to try the place for weeks, as I am well-versed in Cajun food from my Grandmother, my numerous visits to the French Quarter, and my own cooking experience in a restaurant.  So I know what the food is supposed to taste like.

But the food here was bland.  Semi spicy, yet bland, and I've no idea how they managed to pull that off, seeing that it's such a contradiction in terms.

We ordered the alligator tail for an appetizer, and I had to try their gumbo.  The alligator was decent enough overall, but the gumbo was missing... something.  It drove me crazy trying to figure out what it was, even to the point of thinking about it on the drive home, before I went to bed, and when I got up the next morning.  I had actually brought some home, and I still tried to figure it out, to no avail.  It was mildly spicy, but didn't have that rich roux flavor.

The service was fine and the atmosphere was fine, so I had no complaints with either.  I was concerned that I was a little underdressed, but viewing the table next to me put those concerns at ease.

Tricia put it best: They need someone who better understands the food, as Cajun is a very different beast that either people love or simply don't get.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't "bonafide", either.  They definitely need a more robust roux, one that makes the sweat stand out on your face and your nose sniffling a little.  Anyone who has attempted Cajun cooking knows that outside "The Trinity", the roux has to represent as well.

I will go back.  I want to like them, and perhaps I simply haven't found the right food combination there.
This is my second visit for happy hour.  On both occasions, I tried several different appetizers.   Both times, the food ranged from mediocre to poor.  The exceptions were the raw oysters, which were good.  On the terrible side were the charbroiled oysters which tasted like crap and even worse was the ahi.  It had obviously been previously frozen and was grainy and nasty.  With those missteps, why the 4 stars you ask?  The answer is the beer.  They serve three kinds of beer brewed by the Abita Brewing Co.  If you haven't had them, you are missing out.
I've passed by this building many times and every time I see it, I get curious and say to myself, "I want to try that place one day!"  So when we saw the Living Social coupons, $20 for $40 worth of food, my mom and I each bought one!

Upon arrival, I asked the server if we would be able to use two Living Social coupons in one sitting and he told us we could so we decided to order up to $80 worth of food.  My dad was interested in a glass of wine and the server offered us a special that was half off the bottle so my dad decided to order that since it was a great deal.  The food was delicious.  We had the spinach and artichoke with crawfish dip and the sampler as our appetizer.  They were sooo good!  Even the butter for the dinner rolls were to die for!!!  And as for our entrees, I wanted the prime rib but they were out so the server suggested the rib eye steak and I am glad I ordered it because it was really yummy.

We were having a great time until the bill came and the server told us we could not combine the coupons with the half off bottle deal so we thought that was okay so we decided to just take the coupons.  Then the server came back again and said he could only take one coupon and not two.  That was when we asked to see the manager because if the server had not told us in the first place that we could use both coupons or even suggested the half off bottle of wine, we would not have ordered all that!  When the manager (his name is Scott) came, he just pointed at the coupon's restrictions at the bottom and we totally understood that (we only asked if we could use both in the first place because even though the restrictions state that we cannot combine coupons in a single transaction, some places were able to take more than one in a transaction) but as a manager, what he did next was completely unprofessional.  He just said "Okay, let me ask him (the server) if he would be willing to pay for part of your wine" and then he just disappeared into the kitchen before we could say anything else.  What kind of manager asks his worker to pay for part of the bill even if it was their fault for misleading the customer?  The server came back out and the manager was never to be seen again.  Hm, figures.  The server told us he was willing to pay for part of the wine because he knew it was his fault and he took full responsibility of it but we told him we did not want HIM to pay for anything.  In the end we just paid our bill and still left him a good tip because at least he was nice, sincerely apologetic, and he was a good server.  He just needs to get his information straight.  But because of poor management, we will not be returning to this place again, even if we have a second unused coupon.
I've heard about this place for a long time. I love Cajun food and it was worth the wait, great service and great food and it wasn't over priced. I went on a Monday and they even had half priced bottles of wine. I would def go again!
Husband and I went to RK for Sunday brunch today, with a Restaurant.com coupon for $25 if we spent $45, a decent enough discount, especially since it only cost me $3 for the coupon.  The place is very large and attractive, but virtually empty at noon this Sunday.  We were given the choice of the bar. dining room or upstairs and we initially chose upstairs, because there were more people up there which would possibly make it more fun.  But upstairs they had a HUGE TV screen with a football game on and a few noisy men drinking beer and cheering on their team.  Decided the dining room was more conducive to a nice Sunday brunch.

After looking at the fairly extensive menu of mostly cajun and creole selections, I chose French Toast with Bananas Foster, and my husband got shrimp creole.  I also opted for the $18 all you can drink mimosas, and definitely got my moneys worth there!  A side of potatoes came with my french toast (?) and while I didn't want them, my husband saId he would have them hash browned.

The food came on my third mimosa, and was very well presented.  My french toast was just delicious, altho way more than I could eat.  My husband said his shrimp creole was very good too.  Not spicy hot, but well seasoned.  I tried a bite of the hash browns and they were great.  Very crispy and seasoned perfectly.

After my fifth mimosa, I asked them to please cut me off.  That might sound like a lot, but even now a couple of hours later, I have only the slightest of buzzes, so not a lot of champagne was wasted on them.  But they were still very good!

A few more people came in as we were eating, and a bridal shower party of about 10 young women came in as well.  I was very surprised that there were so few people there with as good as the food was, at least what we tried. 

Our bill before discount was $55 plus the fixed gratuity of 18%, and we ended up paying $39.55 after the coupon was deducted.

I would say that we will try the place again, probably with another coupon.  It is on the other side of the world from where we live so not convenient to visit regularly.  But we definitely enjoyed it!
Great authentic southern food. The alligator is delicious.
Free salsa dancing on Thursdays.  This is what drew me in to the doors.  I ordered the crawfish etouffee ($17.95?).   Sadly, the shallow bowl with overly salted roux was disappointing portion wise.  I had to ask for more rice to balance out the salty sauce. For the price they charge, you would think they could add a little salad.  On a positive note, I do have to say that the crawfish were cooked nicely and quite sweet.
Just went there for dinner. It was pretty busy and was definitely nice inside. I was pretty put off by all the bad reviews on here but I thought it was pretty good. They definitely are going for southern food style and since I've never been to the south, I don't know if it's authentic or not but flavors were good. Lots of fried food... Service was decent. We really loved the live piano music, that was very nice! I would probably come here again..
I can give this place 4 stars so far. I need to try more on the menu before it could be a 5. The ribs were awesome!  The special Kitty cocktails delicious!  My honey loved his meal also especially the chowder.  The service was very friendly and we plan on going back for sure!!
Great food, wonderful service.  Would highly recommend.
Well.....Not impressed at all!  Took them at least 15 min to come and take our drink order, and there wasn't alot of people in there.  So finally we got to order or drink.  Ok, so now we got to order our food....we waited and waited and waited for it to finally get here I'm going to shorten the time it took to get it., sooooooo I'm going to say to be nice it took 45 min!  Well we were just about ready to walk out!  My husband said his shrimp was ok, but my steak.....Well my husband makes a pretty good steak at home, and his is better than this!  I even had mine blackened!   Not impressed at all, but the wine was good!  Not good enough for me to go back!   But you have to check it out for yourself.  This is just my opinon!  Ohhh, and we had a deal from living social!  With the discount, I guess I can say it was worth it, but to pay full price.......just not worth it!
After driving past this place on the 215 about 2657 times, we decided to check it out for lunch today.  I wasn't even sure they were open for lunch.

I was impressed with how nice this place is, inside and out.  You can really tell they put a lot into decorating and keeping the New Orleans theme here, yet upscale.

The lunch menu was short, but had some nice options.  And while waiting for lunch, a basket of delicious little savory hush puppies!  Perfect warm-up while waiting on your dish.

The food was delivered on time and was very good.  Extremely tender steak sandwich, which I intentionally order to judge a place sometimes.  Nice portions with a yummy side of cole-slaw.

I took a look at the dinner menu while waiting.  I'm definitely going back here to try some étouffée.  I hope to keep the 4 stars, or even up to 5.  My expectations are high though.

Overall, great value and experience here.  "Yay! I'm a fan."
One word gross.   Horrible service.  Below average food combined with ridiculous prices.  Try taco bell instead .... I honestly believe in miracles now. The fact this place has remained open longer than one month makes me a believer. Anyone who gives above 2 stars must be used to eating dogfood for dinner.
i was way excited when i got a groupon deal for this place.  i live right by it and pass it all the time so i was always curious of what this big ol place was right off decatur and 215.

the food was not great.  we got the cajun grilled scallops to start.  it was just ok - in my opinion it could have used more flavor.  my husband got pasta and it was just drenched in oil.  i got the jambalaya and it was just wrong.  i wasn't enjoying the flavors at all.  i think it was because way too much sauce was mixed with the rice and it was overwhelming.   i only ate a small portion and felt so guilty leaving so much behind.  i do admit that they did include a nice portion of seafood in both dishes which is good to point out.

i wouldn't call it the "hippest" place to be.  the place was pretty full, but kind of zzz.  the wait staff was very nice and food came out in a timely manner.

if there ever happens to be a next time, i'll try the fried catfish.  i hear they have good happy hour specials so maybe we'll try that next.
I had been waiting to try this restaurant for the longest and after returning from New Orleans in July, it was imperative to try it out in hopes I would find a place for my Creole fixes.

We attended last week on Friday after the air show. We arrived 5 minutes before opening and we were the 1st to be seated. Business picked up quickly and there another 4 families sat within the first 10 minutes of opening. 

The ambiance of the venue is great, the live pianist was ok as well, his toupee was horrendous though...just saying! 

The food was great!  For our appetizer we had the calamari. It was VERY fresh! My husband ordered the all you can eat catfish and was fully satisfied. I had the crawfish etouffee, it was fabulous. They definitely don't skimp on the crawfish, which I love and that was very fresh as well. The dish is also not for person who does not like SPICE! For dessert we had the beignets and they were good...not Cafe Du Monde good but good and the portions were large ;0)

The service is where the issue is. I hope the owner reads this review because it was inexcusable how bad the service was. Their host was even bussing and waiting on tables...Giovanni was very helpful and even apologized for our poor service. Our server for the night was Erin. We waited 10 minutes for a refill on our drinks at one point after reminding Erin twice. If you decide to eat here, hope that you don't get seating in his area. It took us 2 hours and 20 minutes from beginning to end, which is ABSOLUTELY ridiculous. 3 tables that were say in a different section and seated after us left waaaaaaaaaaaaaay before us. 

I will say the food is great, the service badly needs to be addressed hire more or get better quality servers.

Happy dining!
Pretty decent Happy Hour. I've only spent time in the bar area of Rhythm Kitchen, the apps I had were okay, the fried alligator tail was very chewy I couldn't even swallow it. I've had fried gator in New Orleans and thought it was delicious and really did taste like chicken. I sampled a few other apps which were big in size for the Happy Hour price and tasted good. So I am willing to go back and give a meal a chance, especially since its just a few blocks from home. The bar staff is friendly and service was good. Drinks were made well.
I haven't ventured upstairs either. I realize I have a lot to do.
If you want to feel robbed eat here! The only reason i would even give it two stars is that the food was good. The portions were the smallest i have ever had in any restaurant, and i am a small person!  To top it all, the portion of key lime pie was seriously only two inches wide. What a rip. dinner for four with four drinks was $150 bucks. If the portions were at least normal i would have felt a lot better about my evening.
Unfortunately, this place doesn't cater to its customers.  I had been bringing big groups there when the Saints were playing football, and they had always had Monday Night Football upstairs in the big lounge which had plenty of room and lots of tables.  They were always understaffed, but if you had a lot of patience you would finally get a drink and some food.  Then one Monday night they didn't have the upstairs open, so I tried to reserve tables downstairs in the small lounge.  I was told I couldn't do that, and when I told the person in charge that I had about 15 people coming in to watch the game, she literally told me that she didn't care.  So my group had to leave the restaurant (along with a lot of other people who couldn't be accommodated) and go somewhere else.  
I may have been placated by a simple "I'm very sorry, but we are understaffed tonight and unable to accomodate you".   But all I got was an "I don't care".  
Needless to say, I won't be going back, and will never hold another event there.
I'd like to say I clearly understand the hospitality industry.  I have managed FOH and BOH, waited tables, bar tended and am a CIA trained chef...  Not to mention I eat out a lot!!  Hospitality is who I am.  So my time at Rhythm Kitchen was 3 stars, mediocre until we were finished with our decent dinner.  Service was OK, appetizers and food were not bad, atmosphere was OK as well, I was content with the evening.  To say what took place next is one of the worst experiences I have ever encountered at a restaurant in my 32 years of dining out. 

With dining out 4 times a week, I love to take advantage of deals, specials, money saving options such as groupon, living social, yelp offers, gift certificate rewards, reward programs, etc..  and if an establishment takes part of these said offers they should own it, respect it and honor it.  

When we were first greeted I told the server about the fact that I had a living social $40 towards dinner..  He said awesome, then told us about 1/2 price bottles of wine as well as the feature for the evening.  Didn't plan on buying any wine but since it was half off why not?!?!  Well when the bill was being prepared the server came over and said "sorry unfortunately we can only take care of either the living social or the 1/2 off wine".  Not cool, so i said that won't work because i would have not ordered the wine if i had not been told it was half off.  He said "I'll go see what I can do".  He came back with the check and said "he would only take off the $40 for living social".  I said may I talk to him then.

A lady came over, didn't introduce herself, just said "so was it you guys that had a question about the bill?"  Actually yes I did, i explained the server told us about 1/2 off wine after I mentioned the living social so I don't see why I am being charged for full price wine.  She said "he was wrong by saying that but unfortunately you have to pay for it".  Not sure if she understands the business very much but if being told something costs X amount before ordering, and you are charged Y amount when being billed and when bringing light to the situation you are told you are wrong and you still have to pay, even she admitted the server was wrong.  I told her I am only paying for that half of the wine and she said "I will call the police".  

CALL THE POLICE?!?!?!  Are you kidding me?  I told her by all means call the police.  LOL...  Has anyone ever had an establishment say they were going to call the police even before you left?  How ridiculous is that?  I wasn't being loud, I wasn't being mean, I was completely rational and thought the entire situation was just a miscommunication that she would politely take care of, without any hesitation and a smile.  Instead she made herself look like such a fool.  After she walked away the table of 4 next to us said they can not believe how rude she was nor how she handled herself and that that would be the last time they were setting foot in that establishment..  So 4 people indirectly involved in the situation said she was wrong and couldn't believe what she was saying as well as the embarrassment my guest and I felt.  It's a shame that an establishment like this exists.  

She came back and said that they were going to take care of the wine and that in the future I couldn't use both towards my bill..  Well lady I won't be back in the future..  I had mentioned about there yelp reviews and urban spoon, that I should have listened to what people were saying on there and she said she didn't care what us yelpers had to say.  I just shake my head at the situation and if you are considering rhythm kitchen, I highly suggest you reconsider.  Such an unfortunate experience.  I would give less stars if it were possible
Love the crab and gumbo
So the response I receive from Scott G of Rhythm Kitchen is;
"Hi Shawn,
Unfortunately it's our policy to ONLY accept one offer  at a time. It's posted with our 1/2 off wine that it CAN NOT be combined with any other offer/deal. In addition, your Living Social deal also stated CAN NOT be combined with any other offer/deal. 
We do remember when you were here - and you had a Groupon you tried to use in addition to the Living Social and 1/2 wine special. 
We apologize for any confusion you my have experienced - however if you use Groupons/Living Social deals often it's standard that the deals can NOT be combined with any other offer.

Hope this helps!"

The funny thing about this response is that I didn't have a groupon that I was trying to use and YES people I understand NOW that their policy doesn't allow the use of two or more offers.  However when one is told in the beginning of their dinner by someone that is representing such policies that you could get 1/2 price bottle of wine after they knew of living social, combo that with it being my first time there and trusting the server to guide me.  I WOULD HAVE NOT ORDERED THE WINE IF I WERE NOT TOLD THAT I COULD GET IT 1/2 PRICE!!!  The "lady" that came to the table even said the server was wrong and he will never make that mistake again.  Great so fix it ma'am and stop saying its my fault.  As I said to Scott G to his response if I ever received a response it would be the caliber it is..  Lame.  

Also I didn't experience any confusion just embarrassment for me and my guest with being told the police were going to be called and being rudely spoken to by that "lady" manager.  

Again if you are considering dining here, I highly suggest you reconsider.
Great food! 
If you like a little taste of New Orleans in Las Vegas you must go!
Food was great especially the clam chowder. Ambiance is nice but the music was a little too loud for my taste. Staff was nice. I might come back for happy hour instead since it's kind of on the pricey side.
We came back here for happy hour.  These 2 things should/would make RK at least 3 stars:

1. The service was quick and friendly.
2. They were giving away free Miller Lite. 

But it all went to shit when the food came.  The prices for happy hour are pretty awesome.  I just wish the food was somewhere close to that too.  Our alligator bites were served cold and sent back.  KFC chicken wings are 5 stars compared to the ones they serve and the pizza was shameful.  

Seriously!  Just buy frozen pizza from the same place you buy the frozen alligator nuggets and give that a shot.  

I'm only coming back for alcohol if there is another visit.
Amazing food and service! The building actually makes you feel as if you were in Louisiana. How many places can say they have an alligator inside? I had the Creole City Pasta and it was delicious. I will definitely be back. Don't forget to try the Blue Bayou if you liked fruity mixed drinks. You won't be disappointed :)
Decent service. The food was alright. I ordered crawfish. Shortly after I got home, I felt nauseous. I threw up. I'm not pregnant and I didn't drink any booze. The next day, I was pretty much in the bathroom all day. I didn't go to work. Needless to say, I won't be going back. I still can't eat crawfish.
I'm not sure what all the negativity seems to be about-- my dinner at Rhythm Kitchen was very pleasant. I'm don't disagree with the previous reviewers about their experiences but I simply didn't experience the same.

We used a groupon for our meals that came with a glass of wine each but we wanted to try multiple wines so management gladly allowed us to each have the sampler so that we could both enjoy a variety of different wines offered there. We  sampled delicious rose wines and rieslings, as well as some fancy reds. 

The building is quite beautiful, as is the interior. They played soft jazz, creating a pleasant, romantic experience for my girlfriend and I. I'm no expert on southern architecture but I get the impression that it was designed to mimic a fancy southern dining hall and I absolutely loved it. The decorations and color schemes were very consistent with their lousiana theme and you all know how much I love me some well done ambiance.

 The staff was friendly and accomodating and they were happy to give us clarification on the finer points of the menu, as well as to give us their personal recommendations. I ended up ordering the seafood over whole wheat penne, which included the crawfish that I was so desperately craving. My girlfriend had a cajun rice dish that included some tasty Andouille sausage. Our dishes were well seasoned-- not dry, not overcooked. They didn't skimp on the seafood or the portions over all. We declined to try their dessert because we were just so stuffed (and cheap) but it did sound pretty amazing. On my next trip here, I think we'll have to try one of those things.
My family of four eats out once a week, on average.  Last night was Fat Tuesday and we decided to finally try Rhythm Kitchen, hoping for a fun evening with good food.  What we experienced was anything but.   

Our reservation for 6pm came and went as the restaurant ran out of menus and was unable to seat any patrons until already seated diners selected their meals.  The waiting area is unable to accommodate more than six people who are standing, so it was quite crowded.  We were finally seated in a room that appeared to have too many tables set up for a comfortable dining experience.  There was also a man playing a grand piano for the patrons.  Unfortunately, the low ceilings, loud conversation from too many people in a small room combined with his music made for an unbearable atmosphere.  And we hadn't ordered our meals yet.

The drink menu on the table boasts of a happy hour from 3-6:30 each evening.  There are also happy hour appetizers available on this menu.  I asked our waiter about the appetizers and he told me that the happy hour ended at 6pm.  I showed him the correct time printed in their menu and he then stated that the items had to be ordered in the lounge in order to take advantage of the specials.  I thought it was odd that the restaurant would place the menu for drinks on the table in the main dining areas only to add some caveat in order to take advantage of what they were offering at specific times of the day.  

We placed our meal orders (without being asked if we would like anything to drink, mind you) and attempted to speak with each other, but were unable to hear anything due to the noise level inside of the room.  We asked to be moved to a quieter location, which they were able to do, only to find ourselves in an even more cramped area.  The waiters had to turn sideways in order to squeeze between our table and the wall in order to serve booths on our right.  Because we had asked to move, we were now at the mercy of our harried and quite forgetful waiter as we weren't in his section any longer. We procured our own water and serving utensils at some point during the dinner.  

Most restaurants in New Orleans carry Abita Beer.  It is a local beer and quite tasty with Cajun food.  In the aforementioned drink menu, Rhythm Kitchen was offering 2 for 1 Abita beers in honor of Mardi Gras last night.  Our waiter finally showed up at our table and my husband mentioned that I would like an Abita Beer.  With a confused look on his face, our waiter asked my husband to repeat himself.  He then stated that Rhythm Kitchen didn't carry that beer and he had never heard of it.  I showed him the menu and he left quickly without asking which Abita Beer I would like to order.  He returned with a dark stout beer and left so quickly that I was unable to stop him and ask for an amber, which I prefer.  He returned fifteen minutes later to check on us, giving me an opportunity to ask him to bring a beer that I would be able to drink as the stout had been sitting virtually untouched the entire time.  Our meal was almost over by the time I had an Abita that I've enjoyed during my trips to New Orleans, but I savored the taste.  Although I was concerned that it would take too long to get my second beer, my husband insisted as it is a difficult beer to find in Las Vegas.  

Having already spent two hours at RK, we didn't order dessert and asked for the check.  Our waiter, in one final moment of ineptness, had charged us $15 for the beer that I had ordered.  This is a good beer, but $15 for a draft beer (as it was 2 for 1) seemed a bit steep.  My husband went to the bar to ask the bartender how much a draft beer cost and bumped into our waiter.  After reviewing the bill, our waiter explained that we had been charged for a pitcher and apologized.  My husband came back to our table and our waiter stopped by with a revised check, having taken off the charge for beer entirely.  

Although the food was good, the service and atmosphere were inexcusable.  I'd rather spend $150 on a memorable meal that conjures good feelings, not bad.  I won't be going back.
We have family in Louisiana, so we know great Cajun cooking.  The food, service and atmosphere were all excellent.  The cost of a glass of house wine was $13.00 and whoever heard of a martini glass too small to hold three olives for $12.00?  The bar prices need to get a reality check.
After dropping off my car for repairs, we ended up in a conundrum for what to do about dinner.. only clue we had was a Cajun craving that hubby was suffering from.  So... I agreed to try Rhythm Kitchen, which hubby had visited for lunch once before and enjoyed.

We were promptly seated, the waitress was friendly and timely, and the food started.  First, the bread basket.. personally, I'm not a fan of biscuits and I'm not sure how they made those rolls out of biscuit dough but I'll admit the honey butter was a nice touch.  I'm also not a fan of hush puppies but Hubby declared them "fantastic" and he scarfed them down happily when I said they were all his.  Perhaps I should note that Hubby is from the south while I'm a born & bred Yankee.  He thinks spicy is a condiment while I prefer to actually taste the food itself ;)

Then, his appetizer arrived - some oyster thing that I don't recall the name of.  He loved it, which is good because he had six of them to eat.  I can't eat oysters, so I happily let him have them all.

Our entrees arrived promptly, and that's when things got really good for me.  Mine was called Crescent City Pasta, and it was basically a seafood fettucine alfredo with cajun spices.  The pasta was perfectly prepared, the sauce was well balanced - and obviously freshly made, which totally impressed me.  There was a lot of crawfish, shrimp, spinach & mushrooms.. and two scallops, which would have made me laugh but the dish was excellent.  The textures, flavor balance, and freshness of it all just melded together into a great pasta dish that I will definitely return for.

Oh, and Hubby's dinner - Crawfish Etouffee.  I tried a taste, it was definitely good - though a much stronger tasting dish than I was in the mood for.  He, however, loved it and managed some serious damage to it - despite having eaten all those hush puppies and oysters already.

But, we both had a lot to take home also - it'll be another Cajun night tonight =D

Oh, and our waitress Tawny.. sweet girl, fantastic timing, and almost psychic on her arrivals to the table, whether to just check on us or to replace a soda.

Only thing I would change is their "DJ" on their music tape that hawks Louisiana food between the music tracks.  They don't need to push the food, the people are already there for it.
Have been for Happy Hour a couple of times. The first time was excellent. Service was great and the food was really good. Cocktails are very reasonable. The 2nd visit the bartender was terrible. She had a bad attitude and made us feel unwelcome. Hopefully she will be replaced before our next visit. The gumbo is really good!
Hush puppies = amazing!
Baby back ribs are slow cooked :3 yum.
Sweet tea is right in the middle.
Beignets took me to another world.. lol.
If its your first time eating here definitely try the big easy sampler. a little bit of everything :)
For better customer service try to avoid the really busy hours and just in case make reservations because the dinning room is small. We had dinner an hour before close on a sunday :)
Not good. Just not good. From service to food it leaves a lot to be desired.
If there was an option for no stars I would choose it. Everything was overcooked, bland and over priced. Service for a party of 19 was the worst service we have ever had. I have never seen a medium rare prime rib look like beef jerky. The crab cakes tasted like the crab was about to go bad. The lighting was so low you couldn't read your menu and my kids asked me if they were sleeping there tonight. We will never come here again.
So many mixed reviews! Ive driven by this place numerous times, but only tried it upon finding a Groupon offer and glad we finally did. We were seated after a short wait, as their dining room is small. Our server, Robert, was attentive, knowledgeable, and helpful on giving suggestions on drinks, entrees, and apps. My honey ordered an Abita hefe style beer that Robert recommended and liked it. We ordered a cup of gumbo for an app that my honey would not recommend. We shared the salmon and rack of  ribs and both were delicious. The ribs fell off the bone. The ambiance was lovely and i highly enjoyed the piano player. He even encouraged me to sing along to my favorite tunes that I requested. Key lime pie was for dessert and it was ok. Next time, we will probably try the brownie sundae, as my honey was torn between the two. Looking forward to the next time we make it to RK.
I'm sorry to read all the bad reviews, because we couldn't have enjoyed our meal there more.  Our waiter was a doll (wish I could remember his name). Drinks and food all arrived in a timely manner, the food was fresh and hot. LOVED the Alligator bites to start off with. The pastas were all tasty and spicy.  The prices are on the high side, but fortunately we used a Groupon.
We love Cajun country and visit when we can.  We saw a Groupon for Rhythm Kitchen and thought we should give it a try as we were craving some good Louisiana style food.  What we had was excellent so we went back.

Visited twice in the last week, once for Happy Hour and once for dinner.  We found both to be excellent and the Happy Hour is VERY reasonable.  For dinner we had the Shrimp Creole and Salmon and they were tasty, the Creole had a very nice rich flavor.  The Happy hour allowed us to sample their Shrimp Brochette (super) Beef Tips, Wings, and Pizza were all tasty.  Drinks at $3 including wine and Draft Beer.  We will be back.

Service was good as well and the employees friendly and helpful without being overbearing.  BTW, try the Key Lime Pie!  Should add that it is beyond me how anyone would rate this place less than a 4.
Great place for a nice Cajun/Creole meal. I ordered the Crawfish Duet which composed of deep fried crawfish and crawfish etouffe with a side of grilled seasonal vegetables. The dish was so delicious that even my leftovers were still pretty  tasty the next day. Another plus is that you get a basket of complimentary  hush puppies with your bread. I can just stay there and eat the hush puppies alone. They are very well seasoned and the jalapeno gives them that extra little kick. 

Bottom line: loved the food, great service, would love to come back.
I will say that the hushpuppies were not bad and that's what the 1 star is for.  Other than that I found this restaurant mediocre at best.  The place had only 5 tables with customers and it took forever to get our drinks and our waiter to take our order.  Waiter was too busy talking to employees.  Food overall was not good.  we had the sampler and main course Jambalaya.  Sampler was just items deep fried in a very bland batter...was expecting some cajun spices or something.  This was something i could get in the freezer section at the grocery store and do myself (it probably would taste better than what i ate).  Jambalaya was very bland as well and missed that kick it should have (it was also very sour).  Overall I would not recommend this place to anyone nor will I be returning.  I tried and was looking forward to trying this place, but it was a FAIL!
Must go!! Everything from appetizers to desserts were amazing. Tried the Gumbo, blackened alligator tails, seafood pasta, crawfish ettouffee, fried crawfish and a Mississippi Pie! All of it was awesome. Service and ambiance was great.
It has been almost a year-and-a half since our last visit to this Cajun/Creole restaurant.  We received a basket of warm and crunchy hush puppies to start with that I cranked up with a liberal douse of hot sauce.  Ann chose the (frozen) crawfish etouffee served with Cajun rice. My entrée was catfish and shrimp Creole over rice with mixed vegetables. My dish included 4 pieces of blackened catfish and a similar number of medium shrimp.  Overall, both meals were above average
I loved this place and can't wait to return!  
Hush puppies were addicting!  My dad and I shared a "side" order of the spinach salad- it was HUGE.  Three of us couldn't finish it! The salad was full of egg, bacon, red pepper, mushrooms, and onion.  
I ordered the petite filet (6 oz) which rivaled the best I've had!  Cooked perfectly with a side of cajun rice and veggies!  My dad's Seafest Platter was a buffet of perfectly cooked seafood!  I tried his shrimp and know what I'm getting next time!  
My mother's jambalaya (with shrimp) was filling and the right spice!  
We were all in heaven and will definitely return.  
The only slight hesitation with the 5 stars was that I wanted a glass of chardonnay, and the wine menu was not geared toward "by the glass."  They only offered one type of chardonnay by the glass.  It was good, but $11.
I honestly don't understand how this place has a overall 3 star rating. They are one of the best restaurants I have ever been to! The fried catfish was so good. I also tried the blackened catfish, and that was also amazing. Not to mention the hush puppies. Those are the best I have ever had. I never eat hush puppies, but those had something about them. They had great service, and our waitress was wonderful. Can't wait to go back!
Went to Rhythm Kitchen tonight with a groupon.  Had Jeff as a server, top notch, didn't even have to wait for ice tea refills, like he had xray vision and continuously topped our drinks off.   Mr had the Seafeast Platter with catfish, oysters and shrimp.. good red beans/rice with andouille sausage (of course I am going to taste his) I had the Crescent Pasta, lots of bay scallops, shrimp were large (4) and plenty of crawfish also included mushrooms and spinach.. so very good  (and I had leftovers for tomorrow).
For desert we had Hot Fudge Brownie..a nice treat.  The bread and hush-puppies ...mmmm   we definitely will be back.. 
There was absolutely nothing to complain about this place.. thanks for a wonderful evening.
Food was good but the service was so bad it just killed it.
Meh. Went there with a friend to try the alligator. Tasted like over-cooked fry oil.
It is a great place to go on a date! I love coming here for their dinner rolls with honey butter! I thought the fresh baked rolls along with the hush puppies is a great way to get the munchies going.

First visit:
I ended up getting the craw fish etouffe and fried crawfish. Both are extremely delicious. My GF also go the same. Our server was more than generous and helpful in her way of discussing the dishes and making recommendations.

Second visit:
Our server was so bad. She filled the water once. She also gave us very little honey butter and dinner rolls (I asked for more, but she did not deliver). Also, we were promised hush puppies because the chef forgot to bake them, but nothing... This was the start.

Luckily, the entrees were pretty delicious. I got craw fish etouffe again because of how delicious it was last time.

My GF got this fresh fish (I forgot the name) and the NY steak, medium rare (for me). The steak was great!!! It was definitely of USDA choice quality.

I suggest coming here, but be very weary of certain servers. Some seem lazy or just incompetent.
Short and Sweet. (for me)
....and Sweet it is !!

Beautiful classic Louisiana style dining room. Our Staff Server Tahnni was quick, efficient, and friendly. She really knew her wine and food menus and made fine suggestions.

We had Charbroiled Oysters, Rhythm Kitchen Oysters, fried Seafest Platter, Halibut with Beurre Blanc Sauce, Red Beans and Rice, Chicory Coffee, and Bananas Foster. Everything was cooked perfectly. The oysters, shrimp, and cat fish had a great taste and were plump and juicy. 

Beurre Blanc sauce is a butter, vinegar, and white wine emulsion.. 

Some of the best Louisiana / Cajon cooking I've ever had. The corn meal coating used for the fish was light and flavorful, NOT at all  heavy and oil filled like others I have had. Wonderful basket of rolls and the extremely flavorful hush puppies were quite a treat.
 
If you have a need for spicy or mild with a Louisiana flair then this is the best place in the Las Vegas Valley. The building on Decatur is a fine looking place that stands out from everything around it

 Don't miss this, get there soon before the World finds it. What a place for a first and romantic date!!

Libby and I will be back here very soon.

Thanks GROUPON. You have put us in another fine restaurant.
What a red hot mess.  Our entree took over ONE HOUR to come out of kitchen.  Waitresses were running around looking crazed.  Main reason for one star (the food was acceptable) was the horrendous service.  Poor women customers at the next table received the wrong order, never did get the correct order sent out, and the manager refused to come to their table!  I have never seen a manager refuse to talk to a customer.  Another table appeared to be having issues also.  Finally, the waitress told us my groupon (which I already purchased) was changed to reflect rising menu price increases!!  I couldn't believe it.  Maybe Yelp should institute a zero rating.
The catfish here was outstanding!! It was part of the N'awlins Seafood delight platter, which was also very good as a whole.

The service seemed a little on the slow side (that only bothers me when I have to wait an extended period of time for a drink refill), but everyone was extremely friendly.

I would go back for sure as I want to try a lot of their seafood dinners that I saw on the menu.
I was very impressed with the food at Rhythm Kitchen.  Couple that with great service and you've got a winner!

Ordered:
Hot Tea - nothing fancy here
Spinach Artichoke Dip w/ BBQ'd Crawfish - (the crawfish gave this classic a kick)
BBQ Ribs - Wasn't fall off the bone soft, but it was definitely tasty!
Crescent City Pasta - Linguine, Crawfish,shrimp, scallops, shrooms, spinach (YUM!)
Hazelnut Crunch Bar - A bit on the sweet size.  Big enough to share

Pros:
 * Large portion
 * Decently priced menu
 * Large selection of items on the menu
 
Cons:
 *  I don't really have any complaints for this place.  =)

Overall:
I'd definitely recommend this place and I would come back myself.  There's so much I want to try on the menu: Jambalaya , Rhythm Kitchen Oysters, & Firecracker to name a few.  Whenever I do make it back, I'll update my review with more specifics.

Tips:
* Memphis - style is amazing on the ribs!
* Check website or call restaurant for nights where there is live music.
* Regardless of the low lighting, I wouldn't come here if you are looking for a romantic dinner, but definitely a lively atmosphere and good eats!
Well arrived at RK for a going away celebration.  Was not expecting such atmosphere.  I was starving so had to order a full meal.  I had the rib eye which was worse than the rib eye I by from the grocery store.  I've had bigger and thicker rib eyes for sandwiches.  The red beans and rice, which by the way is my favorite,  was disappointing.  The beans were under cooked and the veggies were over cooked.

I expect better quality food for a restaurant that is trying to be fine dining, prices and all.  The service was great and the server really was on top of it.  It was sad that such a nice restaurant was empty on a Saturday night we were the only table in there at 9pm WOW.

Now to the creepy part...... the manager kept counting how many people arrived and would linger and hoover over our table, never once said a word to us just spied.   Manager man I'm also a manager in a well know high end strip restaurant and can I say it looked as if you were making sure we were over 20 people so you could add the 20% grat rather than the 18% grat.  HA HA how funny is that.  You didn't make a good impression on me as well as my party.

I will end by saying while we were not the stellar dining table.  The server seemed to cater to our every need.  Thank you for that.  Will I come back ? probably not due to the quality of food served.  Sorry!!!!
Went for my birthday,May 28th. What a disappoint. Did not want to complain,
Because it was my birthday in front of my family.

 They were only 5 tables in the restaurant. Bad service, brought wrong dressing for salad, food was cold. Service was lacking. Could understand if busy. Never saw the server even for refills, finally at the end of the meal.
WILL NEVER RETURN,,paid way too much for bad service and cold food. Doesn't even deserve a star. 
Sent a email to the manager about my experience,never responded back. I guess you just do not care about the guest experience.

Remember that Las Vegas has many restaurants, this is one that I will not recommend to anyone. I am in the food service industry and talk to many people about where to eat in the city.
I'm from Lafayette, LA and absolutely love Cajun food, so when I found this beautiful restaurant near my house, I was ecstatic.  The food is pretty good.  The alligator is a little chewy and the blackening seasoning they use isn't my favorite by any stretch.  Other than that, it has a wide variety of authentic offerings of good quality.

The inconsistency in service is what kills me about this beautiful restaurant.  Every time I go, the servers are just off with their timing.  The sequence of service is off.  The entree plops down right on top the appetizer so you can't enjoy them because your rushed, then you wait 30 minutes for another glass of wine or the check.  

One experience that I'll never forget is Mardi Gras.  Being a Louisianan, I can totally appreciate how busy Mardi Gras is, so waiting was not an issue at all.  I made a reservation for a party of 8.  Upon arrival, they told me it would be a wait, which I completely understand, due to the holiday and the size of the party.  We decided to go upstairs have a cocktail and listen to the live music.  15 minutes passed, and I went down to check and nothing.  45 minutes passed, nothing yet.  I again went down, and the older lady at the counter said it still wasn't ready.  I advised the lady that this was disappointing as we had reservations.  I'm a hotel manager on the Strip, so service is important, and told her that I didn't understand the lack of service or concern for the fact that my party had been waiting for over an hour even though we had a reservation.  Her response was, having a reservation just means that you'll get served this evening, not that it will be at any specific time, and that they can't turn away walk-in business so you have to wait. This is not a joke....I know...craziest thing I've ever heard.  I asked why they asked for a time when they took my reservation and why they didn't think to notify me upon making the reservation that they followed this bizarre service practice.  And how exactly does making a reservation differentiate me from a walk-in that is guaranteed service?  I used to manage a Cajun Restaurant that also specialized in seafood and steaks in Louisiana, and I was shocked.  Not just by this terrible protocol, but also by the distain and tone in which she spoke to me.  Even Louisianans don't have backwoods practices like this that are inhospitable.  When I asked to speak to the manager, she advised me that she was THE OWNER.  After that, I figure what's the point.  I gave up and went upstairs to enjoy my friends and the great live music.  We waited a total of an hour and 45 minutes.  By the time we got a table, the all you can eat crawfish and crab were almost all gone, so the serving that we got was mostly cold, broken, and small.

If you want a pretty authentic Cajun meal in a nice environment, but don't mind the shotty service and poor management, it's not a bad venue.  Otherwise its a great concept, but doesn't seem like they are very experienced in simple principles of restaurant management.  I used to go once a month or so, now I only go when my friends whom I've taken there request to go with me again.  I prefer the service at Lola's even though it's not as nice a place.
So.... I have an affinity for Louisiana as my oldest child was born at Women's Hospital in Baton Rouge. Actually, one of the first to be born 19 years ago at that hospital. I love the laid back atmosphere and the aroma. I was there for an event upstairs. There was no air conditioning, hence the 4 stars instead of 5. I didn't want to experience the humidity of Baton Rouge in August, but all the rest of the two-story-plantation-like ambiance I wanted! As a rule I NEVER stay for dinner at networking events. Well, I did last night and I'm glad I did. The service and the food were excellent. The char-grilled chicken with the rice and veggies were so delish! My companion had blackened chicken that was also very good. The hush puppies and rolls were to frick frackin die for. I had to control myself or I wouldn't have enough room for din din. Being Italian-Lebanese I am a huge bread eater. Our server Robert was attentive, knowledgeable and a plethora of information on just about anything we asked. I had a very good time! But I was MELTING. Fix the air!! If I don't have a good hair day and I am sweating like a ho in church...... it's not good. Would I go again? Absolutely! When the air is on....
Living Social offer was purchased and tried. Food was well prepared with generous portions. Steak was cooked to perfection and lobsters were prepared tender and moist. I liked my attentive server who explained different dishes with wine pairing with great deal of knowledge. This is a great restaurant I can visit over and over again.
Great atmosphere feels like you just stepped into orleans. I had the prime rib and bread bowl was really good.  Large portions.  Drinks were a bit watered down and the host that greeted us was a little rude because we went under dressed not knowing it was fancy or that we needed a reservation. Our server was very nice and was able to explain the menu to a T. We will be back.
This is a strong 4.5 star in my book, so I am feeling generous and will round up!

Let's start off with the atmosphere.  Very nice, date night / romatic setting with the mood lighting and candles.  Def wine appropriate.  The service was also exceptional....my wine glass was filled as was the water and misc.  Friendly and attentive.

Now to the important stuff...the food!

Easily the best hush puppies I've had.  Packed with flavor with a tiny bit of spice...very very good.  

Went with the alligator and the crab topped bread bowl gumbo.  Gator was nice and tender, good tasting as well as the sauce.  The gumbo was AMAZING.  Wonderful flavors exploding in your mouth, with nice chunky pieces of crab thrown on the top, making a beautiful and delicious presentation.  If you do not try the crab gumbo, you missed out of the reason I will come back here.

I tried the platter for dinner.  It came with fried catfish, oysters, shrimp, frog legs, and cold shrimp.  The catfish was good, but I've had better.  Wish it was less breaded...same can be said with the oysters.  The fried shrimp was one of the best I've ever had...just packed with flavor and was still juicy and not overdone like most.  Never had frog legs before...tasted like a chicken with slight saltwater aftertaste...kind of fishy.  It was pretty good, but I can't compare it since I've never tried it.

Was way too full with all the above, so couldn't try to stuff dessert if I tried.

I seriously will come back just for the atmosphere, hush puppies, and crab gumbo!
Nice, casual (but the reservations recommended thing throws you off) atmosphere that has some great food. 

I started with the Alligator tails, and for those who say they had no flavor, well it is alligator tail, but the flavor is in the seasoning and the sauce. Good to me.

I had the catfish platter with a side of red beans, I loved it, but I have to try other dishes. This place is on the other side of town from me so it will take a while. lol

Waiter was a little pushy, but still decent service.
We had the Travel Zoo coupon which gives you the app/entree/dessert. Ordered the combo app of course. Alligator was tough and so were the frog's legs. Crabcake was great. Gumbo is good. jambayala was great...Not quite New Orleans but pretty tasty. Atmosphere was nice and New Orleans looking. Large portions for the money.
When checking in, I saw that this place only had three stars. That's never really a good thing, that its reviews are so all over the map that it's a decided three stars. I went in with an open mind and did not want the Yelp-tariat to sway my experience one way or another. 

When we walked in, no one was at the host station for several minutes. I realized later that it is because they have one host, and that he was seating a table when we walked in. Not the best way to be greeted at a restaurant--an inexplicably empty host station, but it ended up being okay. We were seated soon after the host reemerged. 

The hush puppies were absolutely spectacular. We asked for extra. They have a nice kick to them as well as the savory fried deliciousness that hush puppies are famous for. They had delicious flavor and were maybe my favorite part of the meal.

I was really, really in the mood for steak, so despite the menu advertising that they use choice USDA meats from corn-fed cows, I got the petite filet for $23. (Saying that your steaks come from corn-fed cows isn't exactly something to be proud of. Most of the beef in the US comes from corn-fed cows. It's not unique so the fact that it was advertised so prominently on the menu was confusing to me. Cows don't naturally eat corn--they eat grass. It's our American methods of ranching and food supply in the last 50 years that have decided that cows eat corn. But I digress.) I also ordered a side salad for $4. The rest of the group ordered a couple other things: crab cakes, pastas, and catfish. 

Everyone enjoyed their meal, and I must say that even though I have my reservations about corn-fed beef, my filet was delicious. Everyone seemed to like their dishes as well. My mom ordered something off the Restaurant Week menu, one of their pastas, and she loved it.

The one fail for the meal was dessert. The "bread pudding" is not bread pudding but more a coffee cake with a really odd white bourbon sauce. Not like the bread pudding I have had before and really dry and tasteless. The creme brulee was not fresh--the sugar topping was not hot or really crack-able. 

All in all, a really enjoyable meal, save for dessert and the corn-fed cows nonsense. I would definitely like to try it again!
i had the spinich dip and and catfish platter while my girlfriend had the blackened chicken and pasta. every dish was incredible. even the hush puppies were uniquely flavored.  wonderful romantic atmosphere with great waiters.
I was impressed with the Happy Hour Setup. I had been there late last year and thought it was okay food but kind of on the high side for price. With Happy Hour in play this place really shines. $4 cocktails and several options off the menu for $6-8. We hit the calamari and sliders which was super tasty and many many.. many cocktails which was great as well. I will be hitting up this place again..
This was a great looking restaurant with horrible service and not great food.  The best part of the experience was the drinks.  This was the only thing that tasted right there.

I had a sampler platter for an appetizer and was not impressed.  The seafood did not taste fresh and was overly fishy tasting.  I ordered the jambalaya, which was ok, but I have had much better.  My boyfriend had the fried catfish, in which he left almost all of it on the plate.

Service was poor.  Had to ask for a bread basket, food took about 45 minutes to arrive after we ordered it and the waiter Chris, was clearly in the wrong job.

The jazz music was in a different room, so you can not enjoy it while you eat.  Another draw back to this restaurant.
The was a great meal to end a great family trip. It was such a delight to get a decent meal after being confined to the hotel returants (or lack there of) during my sister's AAU Basketball Tourney. 

The place was nice, a little too romantic for a family meal though, and the service/food was great. We all enjoed our meals and tasted one another's. I am sure this will be a spot to always visit when we return to Sin City!!!
The staff was very friendly but the food was even better. Great flavors! You would love this place!
This was my first time going to the Rhythm Kitchen.  We ordered the Broiled Oysters, Etouffe with Crawfish, Cobb salad, Gumbo, and Strawbery Shortcake for dessert.  The waiter was very slow in bringing out our food, however, he was very knowledgeable about all of the menu items.  I must say that we were extremely dissappointed with the Broiled Oysters.  It was $11 for 6 oysters.  Ok, no problem.  But the oysters were really small (almost as of they cut an oyster into 4 pieces and placed 1 piece into the shell when serving).  It was covered in sauce so you couldn't really tell much other than it was really, really small.  The sauce was so so, and the oysters didn't taste fresh.  I am use to having my oysters at the 777 Brewery at the Main Street Station Casino (the absolute freshest oysters ever) and very reasonably priced!  The Etouffe with Crawfish was awesome though and we really enjoyed that.  The Cobb salad was good as well, although the bacon used on the salad was not freshly fried bacon, but rather, it tasted like the bottled stuff you buy.  If I'm paying $7 for a tiny side salad everything had better be freshly prepared, period.  The Gumbo was average, I've had better, but acceptable.  The biggest disappointment, however, was the Strawberry Shortcake!  The picture on the menu looked fabulous and I am a huge Strawberry Shortcake fan.  Guess what came to the table?  Two slices of storebought pound cake, covered with whipped cream (the whipped cream was freshly made, at least they did that) and drizzled on top was frozen strawberries in sauce (looked like the stuff I buy at Smart n Final).  I was expecting fresh strawberries and maybe some homemade poundcake!  What was I thinking?
This experience was horrible. I really did not want to pay for my food with the exception of the oysters. The waitress did not know what was going on. She brought me chardonnay when I asked for merlot (which was the dragon hallow and awful) . We waited well over 40 minutes for lobster tails with no apology or explanation and they some how managed to mess those up. They also brought our dessert with three spoons before they brought our dinner. 

Then we got the bill... wth?!?! It killed me to pay $100 for that crap! 

I feel sick now too! Do not eat here!!!
Great Happy Hour - for Vegas it has great prices on drinks, and most appetizers are also half off.... The crab cakes are awesome, and the shrimp on skwers were to die for, will be a return hang out
We went here as a group of 10 for my best friend's bachelorette. I spoke with their events manager as with a large group it is often easiest to have a semi-preset menu and we had a vegan with us so I wanted to make sure she would be able to eat. 

Everything seemed in order however when we arrived, no one seemed to know what was going on. Our vegan arrived early and had to explain what she could and could not eat. Several times throughout the night our server needed to be reminded that there was a vegan and he made the mistake of calling one of our guests "sir"...several times. I don't know if the server didn't care because it was a guaranteed tip or what but none of them were attentive or even in touch with what was going on. Honestly, had I not been hosting my best friend's bachlorette party I would have made a big stink about the pre-added gratuity. 

The food was really nothing to write home about. We were excited because my friend (the bride) had lived in Louisiana and therefore we were having a Cajun themed party- the food fell very short of expectations. Some of the meals were under-seasoned and some were very over-seasoned and sadly the vegan meal was not cooked properly. Dessert was good, but again, they messed up on the vegan option- I mean really, is it that hard to put some powered sugar on some berries??

The truly worst part about it was after the party I reached back out to the events manager to express our disappointment and the response seemed a little defensive rather than  apologetic. She said she would relay the information to the owner and I truly hope she does.
While I have passed this place quite a few times on the way to or from work, I never knew exactly what it was until a friend of mine told me about their AYCE rib special on Wednesday evenings. I have heard of AYCE sushi, pasta, buffets etc... but never ribs. Needless to say I was skeptical but after giving this place a couple of tries on a Wednesday, I have to say I am pretty impressed, about the ribs that is. ;)

The ribs are truly fall of the bone type of ribs. And when you order the next set, they are just as good as the first time around. It truly is an art to find ribs this good in Las Vegas. The only place that comes close is probably Balboa Pizza/Ribs in the District at Green Valley. 

Atmosphere is cozy and dark inside like many old NOLA type restaurants but the service is variable depending on who you get. The first time we were there, our waiter was virtually non existent. However, on the second visit, our server was on top of everything and quite attentive. 

Overall, I can't really comment on anything else other then the ribs, but if your have a hankering for good ribs on a wednesday evenning and your hungry, its best to head over to the Rhythm Kitchen
There are many steakhouses in town, many options for cocktail hour, but this place has a few things going for it--frog legs and alligator.  I figured that it was time to come back and try the food; like others before me, this place is a hit or miss, and this time it was a rollercoaster ride.  

We started with the cajun grilled scallops over rice and fried alligator.  White alligator meat isn't a problem, but the dark meat is a bit game-y.  I ate it, but I didn't enjoy it as I should have.  The scallops were definitely blackened and good with the sausage they skewered together.

The main course was a Snake River Farms NY Sirloin that the server said was wagyu-like.  I am going to assume he meant American wagyu because the meal was only $39 and included blue lump crab meat.  Anyway, the steak was pretty tough for a Snake River Farms cut but it was well seasoned, no doubt.  The crab meat was nice, and I never ordered an oscar-style steak before.  That being my first time topping a steak with anything, it was okay, but I didn't enjoy it as I should have.  The side of mashed potatoes and the veggies were just as big as the steak.  Needless to say, they really should cut the side dish portions down.  It was a waste.

Dessert was skipped because the food portions were huge as it was.  Overall, for $156 bucks it was okay, but I wouldn't come back again.  The service was interesting; he was a nice guy, but the rush to leave the table after our order or after checking on us felt just a tad like we were imposing on his time.  I still tipped him reasonably well because he kept the water topped off.

There's just one thing I'm worried about--the air fresheners.  I cannot begin to explain the overwhelming scents of Febreeze in this restaurant.  It's to the point where I swore something rotted and they were masking it, or the carpet is musty and they're masking that.  I just don't like seeing Febreeze spray bottles in my hostess's hands when we walk in and those standalone units above a few booths.  Scary to me.

If you believe my opinion counts, then here it is:  don't go there unless it's one of those "we need to try every restaurant in Vegas at least once" kind of moments.  Portions are a good size, but the overall experience is lackluster.
Service by casey not so good food was excellent
Great food,great service!
FREE DESERT!...Really????

I signed up with Yelp because I can't take the bad emails anymore.

I use to go to this place a lot with clients when it first opened and the food was good but over the years the food has gotten gross, the service has been terrible and it feels like the owners just don't care because their emails just stink. I stay on the mailing list just to see what mistake they'll make this time. Their emails use to be great with LESS pointless coupons but whoever is doing them now needs a lesson in spelling. 

Please point out what DESERT you are giving away for free so I can claim the land. 

If they can't check little things like their emails, I'm scared to see what goes on in the kitchen.
I really enjoyed the bar area for dinner. The server/bartender was one of the best servers I've had. He was friendly, receptive, polite and checked in all the time. I mean when he dropped off a dish, he would say pardon me while I set this dish down.... And this happened at all three courses, appetizer, entree and dessert.

The food was good and in large portions so it was hard for me to finish everything. For the appetizer, I had the raw oysters. I am generally a fan of west coast small  oysters but these were southern medium oysters so it was only ok for me. For entree, I had the scallop entree which was a huge portion. There were three skewers with two large scallops each and it was plenty for me to take home. The dessert, a chocolate cake was yummy and was a good ending. 

The bar area also had a lot of TVs for sports fans to enjoy the games. 

I would definitely come back for drinks and dinner in the bar area.
One word, DELICIOUS...
had dinner here last friday and really enjoyed it. I had the charboiled oysters app, and the filet as my entree. Steak was cooked perfectly and the cabernet pepper corn sauce was the best. We will be returning for more
Our server Todd was very knowledgeable about the food. We started with the Spinach and Crawfish Dip which fantastic but super filling. Best to eat that with some  friends.  I had the Crescent City Pasta and it may be my new favorite pasta dish. Brad had the Crawfish Étouffée which he loved. It has a great roux to start with, and the flavors were good with a little heat behind it. Another very filling dish. Overall a great experience and we will be back.  FYI  no hats allowed.
Ok, so I thought the terrible grammatical errors were bad on their emails (which hasn't improved...hello spell check!) but then I come across them on Mystery Diners... everything about that was fake...that show is for restaurants that want free publicity. Everything down to the so-called stakeout location next door is fake,it was upstairs where I went one time for a Christmas Party.
This place maybe good for 2-4 people but we were in a group of 7 for a birthday and received TERRIBLE service. The dinner entrees were good, but the desserts and overall service were not - AT ALL! You'd expect desserts at a Southern/Creole restaurant to be excellent or at least good. The bread pudding was runny, and the pecan pie and key lime pie were just BAD!  If we had brought our own Biday cake in, they would have charged $3-4/per person to cut it - how TACKY. 

Back to the service, maybe it was our waiter but he was one of the worst we've ever had. He acted frustrated anytime someone would ask him anything at all - even for more water. In general, we felt unwelcomed. I doubt we'll return.
Great service & fantastic food. Even though I'm allergic to seafood there was a great selection of dishes to choose from. If you love flavor, this is the place to go !!
Frankly I don't get the negative reviews.  We've been here several times now and have enjoyed the bar for happy hour and the restaurant as well.  The bartenders know how to mix a drink and the bar food is tops.  The happy hour is daily (4-6:30) and is the best in LV.

The restaurant is also excellent.  Can't beat the service, attentive without becoming part of the dinner party, the atmosphere is elegant and the food fantastic.  We've enjoyed the shrimp creole, salmon, prime rib and most of the bar food.  Go here and go often.

BTW, the desserts are also very good.
Our waiter was a gentleman named Chris. He made good suggestions, and was attentive & very funny. There was literally, not one time, in which I had to ask for a refill. He seemed to have some invisible alert that notified him when one of our glasses started getting low. With his encouragement, we started with the Big Easy sampler. It had crab cakes, fried oysters, (insert o face) fried alligator tails, and frog legs. Now, to be fair to myself, I tried it all. Nothing tasted bad but, I'm still not a fan of frog legs. The texture was way too chewy for me. Surprisingly, I really enjoyed the fried alligator tails. They were seasoned well, and with the crispy flour coating, I just told myself they were a different kind of chicken nugget, so my gag reflex wouldn't overpower my taste buds. They didn't really taste like chicken, just a different kind of meat. The fried oysters and crab cakes were both good. I had a little oyster shell fried into my oysters, so that kind of threw me for a loop. And the crab cakes didn't have enough "crab" flavor for me, probably because they were slightly overpowered by all the green onion.

For our entrees we shared the crawfish duet and seafeast platters. The crawfish étoufféé was rich, thick, and delicious. And I had a genuine regret that one of us didn't order the endless fried catfish dinner, after we ate the catfish from the seafeast plate. I was also a big fan of the red beans and rice and fried shrimp. I could have taken or left the fried crawfish tails, I think because I wanted whole crawfish I could peel and suck all the juices from and the little tails just weren't doing it for me. And there wasn't much to say about either the boiled, peel & eat shrimp or, the fried oysters. I'd say the entrees were good enough that we'd want to go back, and try some other things. For our dessert though- I died and went to heaven. Beignets, that were so hot and fresh you had to let themc ool off to eat them. And vanilla ice cream covered in fudge and raspberry sauce, with strawberries and raspberries on the side. I'd go over and over again, just to get dessert. (Or the fried catfish or crawfish étoufféé)


All in all, Rhythm Kitchen is a good meal and a good time!
Sat on the lounge side for happy hour.  Good happy hour specials. The service was excellent with the bartender/waitress being on top of her game.
I have been coming here a few times for lunch every time that I have friends that fly in.
It's been our "tradition place"
We always make reservations, but never need them as lunch tends to be a slow time for them.
We always get excellent service.
Food is always good.
I usually get the 6oz Petitie Filet Mignon which is always good and cooked perfectly.

While you wait for your food a basket of hush puppies is served.

A good place to eat when you're with friends or out on a date.

The only slight negative thing to say is that the asparagus, which I love eating, usually isn't cooked perfectly.
I went here for a educational dinner with a big group.  We only were able to choose from either A)Jambalaya B)Rib Eye C) shrimp scampi.  I chose the Rib eye.  I came back to my seat to find wrong entree.  So the waiter went back to kitchen, a couple minutes later came over to me and said it would be a few minutes. I told him to take his time.  Well about 3 mins later I get a steak that was a charred mess.  It did not resemble a steak in any way, shape, or form. I touched the end and it crumbled off.  Yes, crumbled. The worst steak ever.  I didn't ask for a new one since I was in a group.  But I will say this. I will never, ever, go to this place and pay for a meal..Undoubtedly the worst ever.  The rest of the food was fairly decent.  But this place should NEVER advertise itself with the word steak in the title.  I wish I would have kept the jumbalaya. At least it looked edible.  And to be fair, it looked like the person next to me who ordered the steak had a decent one.  I think it was unfortunate that I was the one that got the steak that most likely was sent back from a different customer.
We went to Rhtyhm Kitchen for happy hour, which is daily between 4:30-6:30. Nice interior that was dimly lit with pleasant smooth jazz music playing in the background. We were greeted by the friendly waiter that explained the happy hour menu. We started with cocktails. I got New Orleans drink of choice the Hurricane. This was my first time having one. Very fruity and easy drinking. Be warned however this drink is a creeper and you will be feeling happy in no time. We got the following from their happy hour menu. Charbroiled Oysters. Cooked to perfection, nicely melted butter and parmesan cheese with cajun spice broiled and hot. Delicious! Kobe beef sliders come 3 on a platter cooked medium rare with a side of mixed greens and red onion. Ahi poke was extremely fresh with a nice teriyaki glaze served with taro chips. Baby back ribs were smoky and nicely seasoned that fell off the bone served with a tangy bbq sauce and blackened alligator tail with a very nice sweet and spicy cocktail sauce. I wish we weren't so stuffed because there was a nice selection of scrumptious desserts we didn't get to try. If you're looking for a nice happy hour hangout, give Rhythm Kitchen a shot. Outstanding food and drinks at a decent price, very nice atmosphere with that NOLA vibe.  A special shoutout to the waitstaff who took care of everyone in a timely manner even as it started getting really busy. Great place!!
I want so very badly to like this place.

...so very badly.

If you can overlook my grammatical errors, maybe you could take a moment and listen to my tale?

The way I see it, Cajun and Creole food is some of the most inventive cuisine on the planet - I mean, who else could make simple beans & rice a world famous dish? And the best part is that most Cajun or Creole is made from the simplest of ingredients, just put together in such a way as to make them scrumptious.

Okay, I like Louisiana cooking, so you would think I would spend endless hours at Rhythm Kitchen - right? Oh I so wish that could be true, but the fact is every time I go there, it's a near complete disaster.

Here's the kicker - you see the food's not bad. Actually, the little special twist the chef puts on it makes it quite unique. I wouldn't dare start comparing it to Commander's Palace, but it's really not bad.

Okay, I hear you asking - "well, what's the problem then?" 

The problem is - the service sucks, I mean it is god-awful bad. This is quite possibly the most inept staff on the planet.
 
The truth is, I don't know what the reason is for the poor service - and frankly I just don't care. Someone in this place (i.e. management) is incapable of seeing the forest for the trees.

Now comes my plea to the amazing culinary scene that is Las Vegas - could someone please open a great local Cajun/Creole restaurant that doesn't suck?

The food gets a rating of 4.
The atmosphere gets a rating of 3
The service gets a rating of -5

Total rating = 1 (I rounded up).
Beautiful atmosphere and amazing food!
We ate at this restaurant two years ago. I thought it was one of the best Cajun restaurants outside of Louisiana.  
We returned tonight.  What a mistake!   This is a poor excuse for a restaurant, much less Cajun .  Service is SLOW!!!  Food is tasteless or over seasoned.  The soup was served lukewarm.  We can not understand why the health department hasn't shut this poor excuse for a restaurant down.
DO NOT BOTHER TO EAT HERE!  It is a waste of money.  To top it off wait service is auto tip for 6!
I used to eat there quite often until I needed knee surgery a year ago.  I was so excited to start to go back there this evening....it was Horrible...dangerously Horrible...not even close to resembling the wonderful Cajun restaurant I remembered...this was tastless, cold food that took 1 hour to be served and there were only 4 tables of customers.  The waitress knew we were not happy but we were not rude...but did a manager come over to see if we were happy or what he could do....BIG NO!!!!   I am calling the health dept tomorrow.
We pass by this restaurant daily and it's always packed so we decided to finally try it. Once we realized the type of food we were so excited to try it! It was close to closing so there wasn't many tables but our server was awesome and very attentive. Perfect example of why you should explain menu specials....we ordered everything he recommended! Very good food, different for Las Vegas which made it exciting. While at dinner we were coming up with a list of friends and family we wanted to bring back!
My group of 9 women went here for an extended birthday celebration. I don't understand why meals are never "right" even though that is what the person ordered. Anyway, even with the dissatisfaction from 50% of the table, my food was delicious. I had the crawfish and shrimp etouffee and it was outstanding. I had never had the dish before (I know, I know) and I wanted to try something different. But when so many others are complaining, it just makes it difficult to enjoy your own food.

So I got some kind of rum punch to take the edge off and this drink was huge. It came in a goblet and after I finished that, I didn't even finish my food. The best part was how ACCOMMODATING the service was for each person. Tawnee (sp?) went over and above the call of service to please our group and a bad experience was expertly averted. And the bartender did a shot with the birthday girl! How fun!
I have a new favorite restaurant! 

Ever since I moved here I have been craving some good Cajun food, and after a disastrous attempt to find some at the Henderson Crawfish Festival, my boyfriend surprised me by bringing me to Rhythm Kitchen for my birthday. The sign fooled me at first, since it advertises itself from the outside as a typical steak and seafood place, but once I saw the menu I was really excited. Alligator tail! Frogs legs! Gumbo! Crawfish! I wasn't sure where to start. 

After much consideration, we eventually settled on blackened alligator tail for an appetizer. Yum! The sauce on it definitely has a kick. The bread basket they bring out also has these tiny little hush puppies that have a little jalapeno in the batter for some flavor. Usually I think hush puppies are just bland fried corn meal balls that aren't even worth eating, but they manage to turn (what I think) is a bad food idea around and make theirs exciting. 

For an entree, I went with the crawfish and catfish etouffee, and my boyfriend got a steak "oscar style" with a crab cake on top and covered in Bearnaise sauce. Both meals were amazing, and his also came with a side of yummy macaroni and cheese. Everything was well cooked, the sauces were amazing, and we were two happy customers. 

We also got a couple of the deserts that also did not disappoint. 

Besides the food, the atmosphere is really nice. The actual building is meant to look like an old southern plantation house. I read other yelp reviews complaining of the service, but our server was friendly, attentive, and was pretty knowledgeable about where the chef got their product. I also like that the bar is completely separated from the restaurant, and has its own happy hour menu. I would definitely like to stop in for a drink and a couple small plates at the bar sometime. 

Overall, this was one of the best dining experiences I have had for awhile. I love Cajun food and was not disappointed. I will be coming back soon.
I am a fan because it is a cool experience and they have Groupons quite frequently. We had a very friendly thoughtful server (who was an upselling machine) and frog legs for and appetizer. We had our two year old and his presence had another couple leave (he was very well behaved--and they have kids cups and crayons!).

My wife had a delicious fish from New Zealand skin was still on but delicious, her mom had the Halibut and I had Filet (YUM!) and Lobster (which lacked flavor but was cooked perfectly).

We will go again.
I dined here on Wednesday night at the suggestion of my friend date for the evening. He had never been either but said he had heard great things from quite a few people. Considering the alternative was Millers Ale House (no thank you) I agreed to give it a try. The appearances of the front entrance are deceiving- this place was much fancier than either of us anticipated. Thankfully, I make it a habit to shower and wear make up whenever I actually make it out of the house so I felt comfortable there but my friend was in a baseball cap. It wasn't until I pointed out a dude in a windbreaker jump suit that he was able to relax.

Their drink menu is almost as big if not bigger than the food menu (which I greatly appreciate) and I settled on the wine flight. $13 for 3 glasses of 2 oz of wines that I got to choose. They were all delicious. 

Our server was friendly if not a little too robotic Stepford Wives for me- but her enthusiasm was appreciated. Upon asking what her favorite dishes were, she pointed out all of the ones I could never eat- fried, laden with lactose or chock full of gluten. As soon as I confirmed that the 'Shrimp Creole' was tomato based and that spinach could be substituted for the rice, I was happy..even if she made a face at my modification. (Don't feel bad for me- I'm used to it).

A basket of hush puppies were brought to the table automatically and my friend devoured all of them- so I assume they are good! The food itself didn't take long and the shrimp dish I got was delightful. Yum, yum, yum.

Best part- my friend treated ME! 

I will definitely be recommending Rhythm Kitchen but not sure I all return often- they need just a few more healthy (ish) dishes please!
Been before, years ago. Trying it out one more time. Got disappointed with the gumbo, I seem to remember. 

Something different methinks. Riveted for me and the wife. And why, yes, we WOULD like an appetizer plate too!

The appetizers come out and are seasoned nice and tasty. A first for frog legs for her. I've had them before. Wifey was not too impressed. She did like the rest of the platter though. (As did I)

Rib-eyes come out. Huzzah! Big problem. Steaks weren't seasoned at all. AND the waiter seems busy (dunno why, restaurant isn't yet.). The sides were ok, we've both had a couple of bites of steak and secede we're done. 

Server comes back, asking if we wanted doggy bags. Nope.....kinda the worst tasting rib-eyes we've had. Surprisingly, he took the Borg straight off the bill, even though we didn't ask. 

If you want a rib-eye and you are in THAT area.....just go down to McMullans Irish pub. Almost never disappointed with their food.
I lived in the south and was having a craving for "soul food". As soon as we sat down I felt like our waiter, Robert, was not interested in helping us. This manner was abrupt, impatient, and cold but he gave other tables much more personable service. My friend and I are Asian and the other tables were black or caucasian, at first I felt like maybe it was racially motivated but whatever as long as the food was okay. The table next to us apparently ordered the same items as us and their food was delivered to our table and we had to remind the waiter to bring out the second side dish. My friend and I both took out our phones and started drafting reviews for Yelp. In my personal opinion the waiter saw this and changed his tune all of a sudden. Suddenly the service was 100% better, but it shouldn't take a threat of a negative review to make the level of service excellent. You should treat each customer like they could possibly review your establishment. Our waiter did his best to make things right and I appreciated it. Robert brought us complimentary fried risotto with veal sauce and for dessert our beignets and were free. I truly felt that we were more than compensated for the ever so small mistake and like I said the service did a complete turn around. We will be back. Food was delicious!
Service was excellent. Went on a Groupon. Food was really good but on the pricey side. I ordered a chicken pasta and some extra shrimp in it, but they only put in 3 pieces of shrimp-that lost a star for me. The drinks are spot on. Loved the firefly sweet tea! Would go back again and recommend!
Food: 3 Stars
Service: -2 Stars
Overall: 1 Star

I am going to make this short because I am still annoyed. Stopped by on a slow Wednesday at 7pm. Maybe three other dinning parties when we arrived. Ordered oysters, gumbo, and one of the pasta dishes. The food was average. Worth the price on the menu. The service was completely non existent. The first thing we ordered were our drinks. The waiter came back with them 15 minutes later (After the appetizer and when the main course was being served) with a mumbling apology about the bartender. Everything we needed the waiter for was either late or never arrived. We ended up walking away from half our dessert because the waiter would not bring us a to-go container. If you want to try this place just get take out. The service is possibly the worst I have ever had in Las Vegas. Never Again.

EDIT: Someone from Rhythm Kitchen did respond and asked for a second chance. I will update again if I return.
The place looks classy and there's a subtle music in the background the whole time. Talk about romantic set up. The food is good. We went on a Sunday and they have the eat all u can catfish for $14, not bad at all. I ordered the baby back ribs with a side of mushrooms. It was really good. The server is good and attentive. That's a big plus! Their surf and turf deal with the 22 oz bone in ribeye look good but we are not that hungry so maybe we will try that next time. Overall experience is wonderful. Would definitely come back.
Came here for happy hour, the food was ok, asked the bar tender about the free drink with any purchase offer on yelp. He didn't even know about it, and didn't give me an answer neither....
Would come here again for clam chowder. It was the only things tried. 

Ambiance is cool and our waitress was nice. They made sure the cup was filled at all times. There's also a groupon for this spot.
First off I have to say the steak and the Mai Tai were very good, the other diners with us all enjoyed their entrees. This is why they get a bad review. We waited in the bar for our entire party to arrive and after 30 minutes of waiting at a table and then going up to the bar and being asked if we had been helped and reminding them, I finally got my drink. People at other tables and next to us at the bar were already on a second drink. I had to flag the bartender down again several times to get my check. 
I complained to the hostess and she told me she would have the manager come over to our table, but no one ever did.
Then we went to the dining room for dinner. The service was a prompt in taking our order and getting us beverages. But it was a really long time getting our meal and then our dessert. The creme brulee was runny and having never having beniets before, I am not sure how they were supposed to taste, but they didn't have any flavor. Then came the bill. I informed the waiter we had a Groupon at the beginning of the meal and he told me to give it to him at the end. He brought me the check and then I had to flag him down to remind him of the Groupon. He took it off the check and brought it back with my new bill (the gratutity was already on the check). I paid the balance in cash and a few minutes later the waiter comes back to the table and tells me it is $20 short. I appoligize thinking i gave him a $5 instead of a $20(it was really dark in our section) and give him $20 more dollars. When I get home I check my wallet (i knew exactly how much I had prior to the evening) and sure enough I was $20 short, he stole $20 from me. I can't believe it. Always pay with a credit card!
Good service, relaxing ambiance, clean and delicious jambalaya.
I'm from Louisiana and this isn't even close...sorry....way over priced for the serving...service sucked....place looks nice....but menu looked old! Don't waste your money here!!
Authentic southern cooking. A1
Really good New Orleans cuisine at very reasonable prices for a fine dining establishment. Our server, Lana, was attentive and very friendly. And 1/2 price wine in the bar on Mondays! I was just surprised that there was no "barbeque shrimp" on the menu - a staple of New Orleans. If I find it there the next time we go, I'll add a star to my review (provided it's prepared well)!
I used to be a regular to this bar and stopped coming after a round I awful service and being over charged. Decided to give it a second go and was sorely disappointed. The Mac and cheese was average at best, the warm chicken for my salad was luke warm, and the Caesar salad was from a bag quality with what seemed to be packaged dressing. It was half off wine night which was nice and we did enjoy the wine. The waitress however was not at all knowledgeable about the wine. Dessert was also less than incredible, the strawberry shortcake was clearly a frozen pound cake and the bengets were also not worth trying. I gave this place a second chance because I had I groupon but it wasn't even worth that. I will not be returning unless its for a bottle of wine in the bar.
I hate giving bad reviews, I feel like a b*. But here's the deal. My family is from New Orleans, and they cook well. My grandfather was actually a cook once upon a time. And any Cajun/Creole person who was lucky enough to try my grandmother's gumbo all said the same thing:  It was the best they ever had. So I am VERY critical when it comes to Cajun/Creole food, because I know it.

The place itself is nice. Service just ok. Staff was friendly enough, but I got gumbo without a spoon. Got one about 10 mins later after waving down our server. I would have an empty water glass for several minutes, and again would have to flag down our server for these things, as it seemed every time he walked by he was looking at something in the far off distance. Maybe wishing he was anywhere else. 

Now the food. Fried Crawfish Tails, pretty good. Hushpuppies were fine. Gumbo, just no. No. My husband got the Rhythm Kitchen Platter which was ok. I got the Catfish and Shrimp Creole, which didn't really impress me. The bread pudding was bad.
I hardly ever do 5 stars but they deserved it. First off it looks like a old plantation style home, they play southern style music, the building is clean, staff are friendly and professional. The inside is date worthy. The hush puppies are awesome! The menu offers a wide variety, I tried to crawfish duet both were amazing! The dessert menu offers a variety of choices as well, tried the bread pudding...delicious! I will definitely be back!
I hope this place decides to invest in a better staff. I was soooo looking forward to some Cajun food, but I cannot comment on the food because I didn't get a chance to eat any. Our server was nice, but it was clear he never served before....and I am a waitress that works at a strip casino. I was with my husband and two friends, my friends arrived first and they told me they waited 25 min for their drinks and they were the only ones sitting at the bar. We sat at a table in the bar area and I told my waiter that I would like an order of alligator while we looked at the rest of the menu. It was "All you can eat ribs" night, and my hubby and friends wanted that but couldn't get it cause we were told they ran out. My friends said there wasn't anything else they saw that they wanted (picky eaters, definitely not the restaurant's problem) so they wanted to leave because they were already annoyed with they drink situation.  This is 20 min after we sat down, and still no app.  I told our waiter that we wanted to cancel the app order, and he looked at me like he had no idea what I was talking about. I totally understand messing up and forgetting an order, but he came back with our bill for our drinks and said that he didn't put the app order in cause he wanted the app to come out with our dinner. My husband asked him what was the point of having an APPETIZER if it came out with the dinner, the waiter just stammered and tried to make up an excuse. Disappointing. Maybe they were just off their game that night, but a bad first impression for sure.
Had a reservation made a good 1-2 weeks out to celebrate a friends birthday at this establishment. Dress indicated "casual" , they made an issue of my friend wearing a tank top and after all that's not acceptable wear for them. Mind you the tank top was brand new and he looked very nice in it. We arrived a good twenty minutes early and so headed to the bar for a couple Coronas. 2 beers - $11 plus tip. The restaurant is located in an industrial section of Vegas. You literally feel like you're heading to a storage warehouse somewhere. The first hostess was very nice ( Asian of some sort) , when we headed to the restaurant after the beers we encountered the hostess from hell (blonde white girl) who proceeded to read us the riot act about the dress code. I was so pissed off and obviously felt slandered by this gal that I told her we wouldn't be eating there. We proceeded to leave when she attempted to placate me by offering to get it ok'd by the manager.  REALLY , you must be kidding. Will never be back even if the food was free.  Keep your loser restaurant. I can't imagine anyone from the strip going out of their way to eat there anyway. DISGUSTED.
this was yet another great off strip find for us! we will be back! the appetizer ribs are sooooooo goooood! fell apart like butter! the apps were awesome, and the food was delicious. the staff was nice and welcoming, and the ambiance was perfect! the seafood pasta looked great (I watched my new husband eat that since I am not big on scallops) but the blackened tuna! amazing!
We had a Groupon to Rhythm Kitchen that was about to expire, so we made the drive.  Very glad we did, and we will 100% return.  The bread basket is gratis and contains a roll and some hush puppies.  These were fine, not the best bread basket we've had, but it was good.  To start, we had the alligator, 1/2 and 1/2, which is both fried and blackened.  The meat was cooked well, the breading was crispy and light and the blackening seasoning was very flavorful.  I hadn't eaten alligator in many years, and this was exactly how I remembered it.  This was a winner.  We also tried the clam chowder, which had some great flavor and lots of ingredients (clam, potatoes, etc), but the base was a little thin for my taste.  The soup goes very well with the hot sauce on the table.

To eat, I had the N'awlins Seafood Delight, which is 3 good sized pieces of blackened catfish over rice served with shrimp and a Cajun alfredo sauce.  This was serviceable, but I could have used a lot more heat given that it's a Cajun dish.  The sautéed vegetables were good, and you get quite a large side.  I didn't dislike my entrée, but I doubt I order it again.

My wife had the filet blackened with stuffed lobster.  You get to choose any side, and she selected macaroni and cheese.  This is made with truffle oil, and I think the chef is a little heavy handed with the truffle.  It was overpowering and pushed the cheese flavor to the background.  It's a good sized dish with a nice crust on top, but the truffle oil overpowered it.

The steak was cooked to a perfect rare, and it was FANTASTIC.  The combination of the blackened seasoning with the steak was a homerun.  I am not a filet guy (I prefer ribeyes) but I had several bites of this steak.  It was juicy despite the lack of fat in filets and it was seasoned perfectly.  It was blackened but not burnt in any spots.  It's in the running for best filet I've ever eaten, as well as best steak I've had off the Strip.  I cannot wait to return to try the 22 ounce bone in ribeye with blackened seasoning.  

The stuffed lobster was good, but the crab cake was a little sweet for us.  The lobster was cooked very well and it's a large tail for the price.  We would order the lobster again, but I doubt we get it stuffed next time.

Service was excellent, refills were brought quickly and trips to the bar were also very short.  Lana, our server, was attentive without being overbearing, and had some great suggestions for us.  Very friendly and she allowed us to relax instead of hurrying us out the door.  

We will definitely return, it may be a few miles from us in Henderson, but it's easy on and off the 215.  Next time, the blackened ribeye....
Top notch food! One of the best seafood & Cajun style food I have ate! Awesome service!
I've came here a couple of times for the Happy Hour and it was just ok. I always wanted to come back to try the restaurant portion (big fan of Cajun food) so when the groupon deal came up it was a perfect opportunity. Also great for a date night.  Anyways, the service was great. Our waitress was really fun, nice, and helpful with the menu and recommendations. We started off with a couple of cocktails which was crazy strong!! Well appreciated though! LOL. We got a basket with a couple of rolls and hush puppies which was pretty good. Nothing special. For entrees my bf stole my order of Shrimp Etouffee, so I ended up with the Crescent City Pasta. The Shrimp Etouffee was absolutely delicious! The Crescent City Pasta was really boring and just OK thanks to the crawfish and shrimps. Otherwise I would have to say the only flavor in it was butter. I was a bit disappointed in my entrée, but as I said the Shrimp Etoufee is seriously mouth watering delicious. 3 stars goes to the awesome service and my bfs entrée.
Last night I brought my family in with me to share the wonderful experience that I have shared many times before with friends. Rob & Mike were fantastic as usual. Their service & knowledge of everything on the menu was above the rest. The food was great as well but it was the personal service we received that will bring us back again & again. Thank you Rob & Mike!!
We came on a Tuesday night and ordered 
1. Spinach and artichoke drip with crawfish and chips, 13
2. Jambalaya shrimp, 19
3. Crescent City Pasta, 19 
for $15.05 (Used the $25 Groupon valued at $50)

- Nicely situated off the 215/decatur exit. Amazingly large building 
- Can't use Yelp Check-in for free drinks. "Only one coupon at a time, now." HAHA. Taiga Modern Groupon hooked it up THO! 
- You can use Groupon for AYCE! "Camera watching, can't share." haha, meaning both have to get the AYCE Crab, $32. Figured that's a similar price as a Bellagio/Bacchannal so we passed. 
- Free bread basket. 2 Dinner rolls/6 Hush puppies. Hot but stale. Butter tasted like whipped cream. 
- Appetizer: Spinach and artichokes topped with BBQ crawfish and mozzarella cheese. I enjoyed the crawfish with the dip, but compared to Red Lobster it didn't have the same rich consistency as theirs. Some chips were stale others were crispy. Somewhat of a hit/miss. 
- Jambalaya: Andouille sausage sauteed with onion and peppers in a spicy canjun sauce. Topped with rice and served with shrimp. 8 shrimp. Too dry and not spicy. For tasty Cajun Jambalaya go to Costa del Sol. That packs a true punch in flavor. 
- Crescent city pasta: Linguini tossed with crawfish, shrimp, scallops, mushrooms and spinach in a Cajun lemon herb garlic butter. 4 Shrimp. Excellent taste! Loved the amount of crawfish. High recommendation!  
- 18% gratuity added if Groupon used. 
-  Lighting too dim for my taste. haha. Dim red...
- Fast service! We were in and out in about 30min! Impressive! No time wasted. Waiter packed our own food.  
- I think this place would be great for group meetings or big events, but for great tasting Cajun style, I'd opt for Costa del Sol for the same price.
Very nice. The service was great and food excellent. Lots of food. We took home 1/2 of it.
I recently dined at RK and had a great meal!  This was my first time there for dinner and really enjoyed the atmosphere...it is "fine dining" with white tablecloths but did not feel stuffy and overbearing to me.

I went with a friend and also discovered that if you check in on yelp and show the server the check in, you receive a free beverage (soda or coffee or glass of house wine).  That was a great way to start the meal!  I just went with a soda and my friend had a hurricane to drink.  She said it was good, but nothing special for a hurricane.

My friend and I shared the sampler of southern fried apps...frog legs, crab cakes, oysters and alligator with dipping sauces.  All were very good and it was the first time I had eaten alligator...tasted like chicken! Hahahahaha

For dinner I had the Crawfish Etoufee.  It was very good.  My only comment is that the rice that it was served with was Cajun style and for me, was way too spicy.  I am not the biggest fan of spicy food because I feel that my mouth is on fire and I can't taste and get the real flavor of the dish.  My friend had the blackened catfish covered in the same etoufee with the spicy rice.  I took a bite of her fish and it was delicious.  She had the same comment about the rice as well...too much heat!.

For dessert we shared the Mississippi Mud Pie and an order of beignets.  The beignets were lite, fluffy, full of air, and totally covered in powdered sugar.  VERY GOOD!  The mud pie was good as well and had a good coffee chocolate flavor.

Would definitely go to RK again...it was a little pricey for dinner so would want to go for lunch and check it out.

Thanks for reading!
We saw this place on Restaurant Stakeout, so when a Groupon came up we bought one. Overall for the price I think we would go somewhere on the strip instead. It was odd to me that they had everyone crammed in one section of the restaurant instead of opening the other side. The salads we had were fresh and good nd I also liked that we could get a half order of any salad. I had the crab cakes for an appetizer. They were okay, pretty salty though. We both had the rib eye Oscar style. It was okay, not the best steak and I didn't realize their Oscar style wasn't with lump crab meat but instead another crab cake...so I was way over the crab cakes by then!
Overall it was good but again for the price (without a groupon) I know there are much better restaurants in this town.
Im actually at about a 3.5 on this place only because it wasn't memorable food...everything was good but not great
Beyond being excited about the menu online, walking in I was impressed ; it was huge...loved the environment...the server came right over and after that...down hill it went...calamari was undone and cold, the "all you can eat Catfish +1side" was just unlimited Catfish, i guess the 1 side was supposed to last all night...it was awful...from Catfish lovers..it was a unseasoned guppy of sorts that we had to request seasoning on for the next batch..why in the world did we do that..the last and final batch had seasoning on one side which the server mentioned as she set the plate down like half seasoned guppy was an awesome option. We also ordered the Crescent City Pasta , which had 0-0 seasoning,  presentation was gorgeous but taste fell waaaay short. Next, dessert my Mud Pie good but the Brownie ? was a hard brick of microwaved imperfection, even the server was shocked at how hard it was when we asked him to cut it..shhh my ice cream had ice chips and frost in it but i still finished it, so after the water was over poured and crashed in our laps we finished the evening off with a cocktail and a beer which somehow they managed to get right...we left thinking there couldn't possibly be anyone of Cajun/ Louisiana culture cooking in that kitchen....restaurant has great potential...but i need my potential with some Rhythm(aka: seasoning)
So good!  I had the jambalya, and it was HUGE!!! i wish it was a little more spicy, but it was good.  My boyfriend started with the gumbo, we both thought that the gumbo at Boiling Crab was better, then he had the gulf shrimp... They too were HUGE, but very very good.  We were feeling brave that night and decided to try the alligator tail!  The server offered to have us try it both ways, blackened and fried... I am a fan of the blackened!!!  Spicy and down right yummy!!!

If you check in with yelp when you are there, they have a check in offer of a free glass of house wine, cup of coffee or soda!!!!
Great food! Great service! Authentic Louisiana Faire
We went here tonight (my first time) for a birthday celebration.  We started off in the lounge, great atmosphere, great service, and great drinks especially with happy hour specials.  For dinner, again great atmosphere and great service.  I am kind of a wimp when it comes to spice, so I was not brave enough to try any of their specialties and stuck with what I know.  I started with a house salad and then got a filet which was phenomenal.  I sampled tastes from my family Filet Oscar (OMG yum!) and French onion soup (delicious).  My dad loved the jambalaya and he's hard to please with new food choices.  Great wine list too!  Sadly, it's far from where I live and a little out of my price range (but very comparable for similar restaurants of this type) as a place to go frequently, but we'll be back for more special occasions.
Inexpensive and great attitudes! Love and recommend this place!!!! Can't do much better west of LOUISIANA!
Amazing food. We come here when we are missing New Orleans dining and atmosphere. Always great service and huge potions. Love it!
Having looked at the menu online I was thinking this was more a cajun kinda place, but when we got there saw the full name was Rythmn steaks and seafood. And we could tell right from entering through seating that this was a fancier place than we anticipated----tablecloths, cloth napkins, wine glasses o  table, and so on. I really prefer a more casual experience instead of all the unneeded symbols of nicety. But, to eating... I got the Jambalya, I don't recall what my wife got, but it was all very good. Not the best I have ever had, but very good. They start you out with some great bread and hushpuppies. The only thing odd was I got some hot tea to drink, and never once was that tea refilled. My water glass was never half empty, but that tea, not to be. Why? Anyway, a good meal, but a little bit of an upscale joint for me.
I was really excited to try Rhythm Kitchen. My assumption was that it was a cajun/creole type of establishment which for me the food lacked both cajun and creole and seasoning in general. I had the crescent city pasta with the cajun alfredeaux sauce. The dish is essentially seafood pasta with alfredo sauce. The cajun alfredo is a joke. Its not cajun and its not even good alfredo. it was too thin and lacked flavor. The shrimp were small and the spinach was all clumped together. Overall it was a lackluster meal. I probably won't be back to rhythm kitchen.
I'm hoping this place is better on the weekends than when we visited on a Monday night. The server started by telling us all the things they were out of :( I'd been lured by the promise of charbroiled oysters, which were a complete disappointment. The gumbo and spinach salad were delicious.
Awesome place, nice ambiance...classy but not over the top.  Prices were reasonable for dinner,  especially for Vegas.  Excellent service, and patio dining was very romantic!
Went to Rhythm Kitchen this evening. Since we traveled from California we were looking for a meal with some great substance and flavor! Rhythm Kitchen did not disappoint. From the fried alligator to crawfish étouffée, great food with wonderful atmosphere.
Service was excellent!  Food was incredible.  Bread basket comes with Hush Puppies... Phenomenal.  Oyster appetizers were huge and fresh.  Steak was perfectly seasoned and blackened cajun lobster was the best.  Do yourself a favor and go.
First off the food was ok. Just ok. One of our diners had the ribeye Oscar style and it was so tough he didn't even finish half of it. What a waste. Looked dry from where I sat. Hubby had Etouffee and he liked it but had better elsewhere.  We all had Caesar salads, very tasty and the only dressing not made in-house. I had the Shrimp Brochette Appetizer with a salad for dinner, the shrimp with bacon could have cooked a little longer so all meats could cook through. Had a stomach problem later that evening. Bread Pudding, good, Beinget too doughy and overly powdered with sugar.  Nothing spicy, though I thought the Etouffee would be.

Service, well we had a reservation and the hostess wanted to seat us at the first table as you walked in to the main dining room when most all tables at that time were empty.  We asked for another table and she really didn't want to move us any further than the table next to it because as she said, later reservations were planned for those tables. Why in the world would you seat people at the first table everyone has to walk by when there were available tables the same size further in?  Our waiter and his assistant were good! 

Friends have been here and loved it.  Not sure if there's been a change somewhere down the line. We probably won't be back.
Overall the food was good I had the crawfish and we had some frog legs as appetizers. I don't think I would drive back across town for it.I think I prefer Lolas but it's okay. The atmosphere was nice and the service was good overall a pleasant dining experience. I also had a lemon drop martini now I can recommend that !
Rhythm Kitchen has a great Happy Hour in the Lounge. Nice background music and comfortable décor. The food was very good, large portions and discounted drinks at a reasonable price. 
BBQ Ribs were tender and fall of the bone. Shrimp Brochette is grilled and served on a skewer with vegetables. Kobe sliders (3 to an order) were very juicy. Fried Tomatoes have a nice crunchy coating.
  
However the night we were there the service was extremely slow. Our waiter was handling the drink and the food service for 6 tables. If the service was more prompt I would rate it 4 stars
We had dinner there on February 8, 2014. The food, wine, service, and atmosphere was great! I've been to New Orleans and this place made me feel like I was there once again! We had crab cakes, alligator tale, calamari, Atchaflaya crawfish, petite filet with bearnaise sauce, and bread pudding. All dishes were fantastic. We will definitely return!
It was time once again for my friend to come into vegas to visit me.
And like tradition we had dinner at our favorite place.

This time I decided to try something new, the blackened chicken pasta.
An excellent dish that i really loved eating.
Chicken was moist, not dry and blackened just right.
The creamy Cajun alfredaux was just perfect.

I also went with my traditional side of asparagus which this time around was cooked to my usual liking.
(It's so hard to find restaurants that can cook asparagus correctly)

We also had the same friendly waiter from our last visit.

Another pleasant experience.
I'm writting another review since my friend and I eat here both times when he's in town. I also wanted to add a few more things to my review.

Our server for both times and last year was "Dr. Bob"
A very friendly and attentive server.

The slighest thing to complain about, which is in no way a big issue.
But the rolls that are served with the fantastic hushpuppies were very dry and brittle.

Dr. Bob asked our opinion on tonight's rolls, I'm assuming that maybe other people commented on them.
He did say that they are made fresh daily, which I don't doubt, but maybe they were being kept incorrectly that made them brittle and dry.

But Rhythm Kitchen's food was so delicious that the rolls problem can be overlooked.

Again, great food like always.
Nice take on creole. Not quite as good as the real thing at the Big Easy, but last time I checked you have to fly across the country for that sort of thing. 
I didn't realize this was fine dining when I walked in, so heads up, wear something besides your ripped blue jeans. It's an odd location for this type of restaurant
Happy hour was wonderful! .. Andrew our server was excellent. I highly recommend the charbroiled oysters. Yum!!
Let me preface this by saying my friends and I went on fat Tuesday, and we expected it to be busy.  With that that being said,  the pluses were the alligator tail, it was succulent and delicious served southern style, and fried.  The drinks were great good but confussing happy hour schedule, sadly due to the rush I was never able to get my order of fried green tomatoes, thus I can't review them here.  I do intend on giving this place another try, to sample some of the more traditional dishes they have to offer.  It is a nice elegant atmosphere. this certainly was the right place to be on a fat Tuesday.
An exceptional experience with Cajun food + white table cloth service and charming staff + delicately lit dining room, and gorgeous views of Las Vegas through large glass windows (if you get a seat upstairs).

My family and I came to Rhythm Kitchen during Las Vegas Restaurant Week. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation and waited for the hostess to prep our table. After we were ushered into their dining room, which is classy, yet has a feeling that you will be served Cajun/French Creole food from the heart.

Not everyone in my party dined on the RW Menu, but I did, as did my mother and God-mother. 

For starters when I checked into Yelp the restaurant offered a free drink, including their house wines. I opted for the white, a Chardonnay that was decent, but not anything surprising. My father ordered the house Merlot, also a decent varietal, but nothing special. However, they do have an extensive wine menu that I glazed over seeing numerous choices from France, Spain, and the like.

Next - for appetizer my family opted for two orders of the alligator tail, one grilled with a spicy seasoning and the other deep fried. The alligator was surprisingly tender and had the consistency of a medium-well done steak. I like both versions, but preferred the grilled with the extra spice.

We were also served tasty, warm rolls and hush puppies with honey-butter. AMAZING hush puppies. Deep-fried to perfection, and a lovely spicy taste... I think there must have been some jalapenos added to the batter. But these were quite addictive.

As for my order, I started with the Cashew Vinaigrette Salad- Mixed Greens In A Spicy Cashew Vinaigrette Topped With Red Onions, Red Peppers & Crispy Wontons. The addition of red onions and red peppers to this salad made all the difference, adding spiced-up flavors one does not typically have in a garden varietal salad. The crispy wontons add a very nice mix to the mouth-feel and are kind of like a "better'" version of a crouton.

Next up, main course: N'Awlins Seafood Delight- Blackened Catfish Over Rice With A Rich & Creamy Alfredaux With Shrimp. This was a delicious, creamy main course. The catfish was main star, having a flaky grilled exterior, and a melty white fish center. And it was a good portion. Shrimp were plentiful as well, no skimp on the shrimp here. The alfredaux pulls everything together, making you believe you are in New Orleans... not South Las Vegas.

Lastly, dessert. Homemade Bread Pudding Served With Bourbon Sauce. Their bread pudding was certainly... different. It is a firm cake, dense. The bourbon sauce here is served cold and it is a white sauce (some places offer brown). I was not a fan. I was expecting a warm bread pudding and a warm white sauce. The was neither. But. It wasn't *bad* and had a very NUTMEG flavor to it. It is just different, that is all.

Overall - Service was prompt, genuine and our server was congenial to our large group. Food overall was as expected with pops of surprises and flourishes of creativity from whoever is chef here. I would certainly come back.
Great food ... Great service (Robert) ... Cute cocktail lounge... Awesome banquet hall upstairs...romantic ambiance.... hidden treasure in Vegas.  Love this place.
Very good. Gumbo to Crawfish étouffée to beignet. Great taste, good service. We will be back!
Our server Robert was amazing. The food was awesome along with the atmosphere. I will definitely be back. The best
Pros:  

Tasty, crispy fried oysters
Flavorful and tender baby back ribs with a bit of spice.  Literally, fall off the bone tender.
Dark, spicy étouffée with lots of little tender shrimp and creole rice
Huge, puffy, soft crispy and sugar sweet beignets
Gorgeously tender ribeye.
Great, timely friendly service

Cons:   None
Came here as a fluke, we had reservations for a Steak & Seafood house In Henderson, when we got the call that they had to shut down for a water problem. We were just getting ready to leave, so we headed down the street to Rythym Kitchen to give it a shot.

Walking in, we weren't greeted for a while, almost left. Then things got rolling in a better direction. Loved their ambiance. It's a large space, so you have room. It wasn't crowded at all that night....weeknight post happy hour. It was promising that we would get good service and food from the start.

Had the Firecracker appetizer. That was great: ahi, guacamole & wonton chips. All good. Tried the Lump Bleu Crab cakes; they were good but probably will not order it again....too many other good looking appetizers.  For a crab cake, I think it was too spicy for my liking. Personal preference. The vegetables were blah but the Mac n cheese was all that! :)

Loved their Cashew Vinaigrette Salad, which was not something you can get just anywhere. Had lots of cocktails, all were good but I don't remember the names of all the ones we tried in my group of 4.

Ordered the Surf n Turf, steak and lobster special that evening. My boyfriend likes steak, I prefer seafood. All was good. Steak was better than I thought, had some flavor to it. Cooked medium rare, as we asked. Lobster was pretty good. It was a little tougher than I like. I would try the halibut or peel shrimp next time...so obviously it was a good enough experience to look forward to a "next time."

One in our group had the John Dory, now I would order that again!

Our waiter was VERY knowledgable, he knew the menu back to front. That's a huge plus for me, since I don't eat Cajun food often. We were there for a long time & h never rushed us. He came over to chat with us for awhile. We knew some of the same Las Vegans, so it was nice that he was friendly and on top of service.
We went in looking for something different, and this was. Food was OK. Not bad, but also not worth the prices. Should list as $$$, rather than $$.
Came here to fulfill a seafood craving, when we entered we didn't realize it was more of a white tablecloth restaurant and it was a little pricey than Yelps $$ states (I would say this is more of a $$$) we also were about to walk out since we didn't see any beer on the menu.  Before we decided to walk out I asked our server if they served beer, he said " of course!" And brought over the beer menu.  He then started talking to us about beer and was extremely knowledgeable on beers as well as everything else on the menu.  We decided to stay based on his service alone.  I ordered the crescent city pasta and my boyfriend ordered the AYCE shrimp special.  The clam chowder starter and pasta was pretty good but probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back.  I like the location, ambience and great service but unless I'm celebrating some sort of special occasion I would rather save a little $$ and dine at either boiling crab or at an oyster bar at a casino.  I wouldn't mind trying this place out for happy hour and appetizer and/or dessert, or coming back for with a group and checking out the lounge.
I have been to this place once, and for many, once is enough to leave you wishing you can fight for a refund of your money. Had the seafood platter which looked liked a fried soggy mess that came from an easy bake oven of a four year old. They try to charge and arm and leg for something that I could get better from the frozen food aisle at Wal-Mart. I am not a "foodie" hater but, I also will not hesitate to share my experiences whether they be good or bad.. and in this case Rhythm Kitchen was waaaaaaay off beat.
I like the atmosphere here! Smaller place with an upstairs for special events. 

When we got there, they tried to put us in a booth which is really not comfortable for six people especially since I'm a larger guy. 

They were accommodating and sat us in the lounge until they could get a table ready.  

Had the Rib Eye steak blackened, YUM!  Had their version of oysters Rockefeller and they were great.  

More upscale than I thought it was but well worth the money. Try it out!
The crab is amazing. They keep bringing it out fresh and hot. The atmosphere is great. Very friendly staff. The presentation is well worth it. Very quiet and intimate setting. Elegant with style. Their sweet tea is nice and the garlic spinach smells delicious. The calamari was crunchy and chewy. The ribs were a little too fatty. The crab was sweet and tender. Very easy to crack and the drawn butter had a hint of garlic and herbs in it. Nice overall and excellent choice for date night :)
Disappointing overall. Especially for the prices. We went for dinner and ordered a pre fix special. I asked for a minor change,  and even offered to pay for it, and was told no. I don't remember if it was a request to switch dessert or change a side to veggies,  but I was surprised by the response.  The place looks nice. Decent food, nothing memorable.  The worst part was the iced tea. It was watered down with little fresh tea flavor.  We've only been the one time so maybe this was an anomaly.  For these prices,  though it's going to be difficult to try again.
Food and service was good. Didn't appreciate the head chef/owner dropping the F-bomb in the dining room.
Great menu selections ! Food was great and made me feel like in a Louisiana restaurant.  The restaurant is very clean and romantic , the service was excellent.  The server Jolie had always checked on us to ensure we satisfied every single course.  The server assistants offered great team work with her to provide excellent table service. The Tomahawk and Lobster was a bomb ! Enjoy this place , thanks Jolie !
What a gem, come get your mint julep or a Bloody Mary and taste the south.  Andrew, our bar tender was absolutely charming. The jazzy vibe and delicious food makes me want to rush back.
The gator is just like I remember on the bayou, the catfish chips fresh and delicious not greasy just crispy and full of flavor. 
Can't wait for my next visit!
The waiter (Dr. Bob) assured us before ordering that we could get separate checks (group of 8). So I ordered a beer but specified that I did not want it before my meal. It arrived well in advance of the food. I ordered the catfish fillets, which were unremarkable, but then what can you do to catfish fillets? The side dishes (some kind of relish and cole slaw) were substandard and stingily portioned. Our bill came - yes, one bill. We held him to his word and forced him to provide separate checks as promised. There was an 18% gratuity added to the check (!).  I thought the waiter was pretentious and inattentive, although I'm pretty sure he would disagree. At my age I have been served by many excellent waiters and he is not one. Will not return.
I had been wanting to try this place for a while, but after the mixed reviews on Yelp, and being a woman that knows authentic cajun/creole food, I didn't want to be disappointed.  I heard a few personal reviews at work, and they were all good, so, I decided to give them a try.  Went in on a Friday night just in time to beat the rush.  There were many open tables when we arrived, but the place was packed when we left.  We tried the crawfish and alligator tail appetizer, which was very good, and they provided complimentary bread and hush puppies.  The hush puppies had a little bite (possibly jalapeño), but were good.  My hubbie had the n'awlins seafood delight, which was catfish that was smothered in what seemed like a spin on an alfredo sauce, they call it alfredeaux with green onions, tomatoes, and veggies on the side.  I do not like catfish, but it was very good.  I had the crescent city pasta, which was linguini with scallops, crawfish and shrimp, in a tasty lemon herb butter sauce.  It was very good as well.  I am not a wine drinker, but I tried the bayou belle, and believe me they do not skimp on the alcohol.  I had one drink, and by the middle of my meal, I was wondering how I was going to walk out of the restaurant amongst the crowd..lol.  My boys had the cat fish and the shrimp children's meals, and they enjoyed their food as well.  The ambiance is nice-soft jazz music, candle light, and even when crowded, it wasn't overly noisy.  My only complaint, the tables are too small.  With the candle light, sauces, plates, salt and pepper shakers, drinks, etc.  we needed a bigger table.  Overall though, a great find.
I stopped here for dinner last night just before closing. I have actually been here a couple of times for events but I wanted to sit down and have a meal. I was not disappointed. They delivered warm bread with hush puppies yummy.  I had the shrimp scampi linguini with a side of red beans and rice (I know kinda of out there but I do like red beans and rice). The meal was very tasty, the service was great and the ambience is so relaxing a definite plus. My friend had the salmon and enjoyed it immensely. The downside was no room for dessert. Robert the server does a great job and they have a nice bar area to hang out if you do not want to have dinner. A nice out of the way spot for a special friend, spouse or just to hang..
The restaurant has a great atmosphere and air of Louisiana; however the Southern hospitality was missing. I went on a Friday evening with a party of 4, so the place was just beginning to fill when I arrived. I totally understand the culture of Las Vegas does not lend itself towards hospitality or courtesy, but when you attempt to have a Southern style restaurant, you need to take the expectations of your clientele into consideration. 

Aside from the lack of hospitality, the food was good and had great presentation. I am vegetarian, so there is not much to choose from. I had the Garden District Spinach Salad with no bacon or egg. The full sized salad was a nice dinner portion, but I probably could have gotten away with the half after eating bread and hushpuppies. The Hushpuppies had a nice amount of spice with good texture. 

The best part of this restaurant was the beignets. Your order will arrive with 3 fluffy beignets, fried to perfection, with just the right amount of powdered sugar to require full usage of your napkin. If I go back, I could easily get an order of beignets to go and be a happy camper!
Do not have a private party here! You will get robbed, double booked, and treated terribly. I will make sure for the rest of my life that no one that I know goes to this restaurant. The owner is an absolute crook!
Robert the bartender in the lounge is great!!! Makes an awesome drink, the sliders and steak bites are the best around. Great happy hour too. Nice for a few drinks or on a date night. My friend had the gumbo and said it was delicious.
2nd time eating here and went for the twin lobster tails, blackened. I guess they were out of season as the 2 tails were $59...a bit steep but the $50 groupon took a nice $25 off.  I think blackened is the way to get lobster now as this was probably the best lobster I can remember having in a long while. The tails were cooked perfectly and the blackened pepper flavor hit the spot.

I was in a toss up over giving 3 or 4 stars because there were a few low points to the meal despite the lobster being top notch...

-The truffle mac and cheese lacked any kind of truffle flavor whatsoever, not even a hint.

-The side of vegetables were way overcooked

-The bread in the basket was so hard I clanked it on my dinner plate and it was like a glass hitting glass sound. 

-The butter that went with the bread had an odd texture where I doubt it would soften up if it were left out an hour as though it had been dunked in liquid nitrogen. I think they were preformed into little rose pats and then thrown in the freezer (last month).

-It was prime dinner time and I only counted 3 other tables dining in this large room which meant you could hear other people's conversation.

-This last one really gets me. I understand if gratuity is added to parties of 6 or more. But if it's just 1 or 2 people dining, I'm not sure why gratuity of 18% needs to be added. I was actually going to tip 20% on the bill prior to the discount because the service was good and the lobster was delicious (so their insurance against me being a cheapskate actually saved me $1.00)...but I just find it insulting that the waitress needs to take out an insurance policy on her tip because I came in using a coupon...oh this guy might be cheap, I better hit the insurance button. I probably would have given 4 stars if not for this.

The first time I came here was about a year ago and I had the Jambalaya and shrimp E' Touffe. Both were excellent. Aside from the having 3 very good main entrees here in 2 visits, other things about this place could use a step up.
came to rhythm kitchen on a recommendation from a friend.  the warning sign went up pretty quick when the server recited the evening's special.  barramundi with coconut risotto and mango salsa.  is that Cajun?  thankfully I passed but one of my dining companions made the mistake of ordering it.  I tasted the fish and although it hadn't gone bad.....yet, it was well on its way.  I started with crab cakes.  not bad.  for dinner I had the jambalaya.  again not bad but I could have made it in my own kitchen and it would have been at least as good, if not substantially better.  we shared beignets and bread pudding for dessert.  never really had a beignet but I wasn't impressed.  give me a good sopapilla anytime.  the bread pudding was like the rest of the meal.
Decided to give this place a try as I was in the mood for some good Cajun food.  Boy was that a mistake.  The service was reprehensible.  In spite of there being only two other tables occupied, it took our waiter over 15 minutes to take our drink order and another 10 minutes to bring us our drinks.  So we sat at a table in a nearly empty restaurant for nearly 1/2 an hour before we even got a drink.  The bread basket our waiter said he was going to bring right out, didn't materialize until after we received our appetizers and only after we asked for it from another server.  So even though the service sucked, it may have given more stars in my rating of the food had been good, but it wasn't.  The jambalaya was spicy, but the consistency was terrible and the chicken in it tasted as if it had freezer burn.  My friend ordered the day's special of barramundi fish over coconut risotto.  The fish was old and the risotto was a big clumpy mess.  Even worse was my friend got sick after eating it with what were the symptoms of food poisoning.  Bottom line, is if you want good cajun/creole food, DO NOT go to this place
So happy I finally got to try this place. I really liked the appetizer that had bacon wrapped scallops. So delicious. The waiter I can't remember his name something like Dr. Something was awesome. He was very knowledgeable and attentive.
Food was good until they ran out of crab legs.. How can you have a all you can eat crab legs day then run out SMH
Came here for Thanksgiving dinner as I did not want to cook a huge meal this year. I was pleasantly surprised with the ambiance and hospitality of this place!

My two children ordered the turkey dinner which was complete with turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, and even a slice of pie. The turkey was cooked and seasoned perfectly, with a pleasant aftertaste and was moist to boot. My husband ordered the filet - oscar style - which includes a crab cake on top with Bernaise sauce, which was out of this world. The filet was tender and juicy, and the crab cake was large and perfectly cooked (no skimpy crab here - it was full of large chunks of crab meat). 

I ordered the Cajun platter with catfish, shrimp, and crab legs (hey, you only love once, right?). Everything tasted delightful, and was crispy - not soggy - like some other restaurants. Our waitstaff ensured our experience was one of a kind, and my daughter even compared the ambiance and food to a certain Disney movie involving a frog-prince.

It was a delightful experience and I would absolutely recommend this Restaraunt to anyone who loves New Orleans style Cajun food!
Another great experience at Rhythm Kitchen!!
It was time again for my friend to come into Vegas and continue our tradition of eating at Rhythm Kitchen.

We dined on 6/26/14 at 9pm
We had our same waiter from all of our previous visits.
The one that goes by Dr. Bob
Always a great waiter. Very friendly and great to talk to.

This time around we got freshly made, just out of the deep fryer hush puppies.
The waiter also brought us out a brand new bread that the cook had made.
The waiter mentioned it was probably a sour dough of some type.
Whatever it was, it was really good.
And since the owner frequently checks all of the Yelp reviews, I would like him to note that this new type of bread is very welcome in future visits.

I once again had the blackened chicken pasta, which is always a great dish.
Chicken cook perfectly and great pasta with the Cajun Alfredeaux sauce.

My friend had his usual favorite, the filet mignon. The waiter made sure that the filet was cooked perfectly and that it had it's proper rest period before serving (5mins)

Just another fantastic dining experience.
More people need to try out Rhythm Kitchen.
Service was decent but food was horrible. My wife and daughter had the sea bass and couldn't finish it. Bringing it home it stunk so bad it had to be thrown out immediately. Even the cat's wouldn't eat it ! This was my second and final visit, being disappointed both times.
I love the pasta, fried catfish,crawfish etouffee, jambalaya dish, and the ribs.
The ribs do tend to vary on tenderness and amount of rub.
Sometimes I get a really soft tender one and sometimes its a bit tuff.
It must depend on the location in the smoker and how long it has been smoked.
So, send it back if it is tough and they will fix without question.

The beignets are yummy.  I order these first as otherwise I won't have room.

The wait staff is friendly and responsive.   This is a really nice fancy place. 
They have been fine that we show up in shorts and t-shirts, but it may make you feel uncomfortable to be in such a nice place dressed that way.

They have a nice bar and a party space upstairs.

Groups are easily accommodated and I've been here for a birthday party too.  No problems serving the group.

This is also a great place to impress a date.  Dress nice and look classy to impress.
While my experience was not as appalling as the previous reviewer's, I, too, can hardly recommend a meal at The Bayou.  But I did (after some thought) choose to give it two stars, rather than one, so let me explain why:

The food wasn't terrible.  It was bland and uncreative.  I ordered the red beans and rice with andouille sausage.  The hearty portion of it that I was served was pretty good, but under-salted and perhaps under-seasoned, in general.  The highlight of the meal might have been our appetizer of Bourbon Hot Wings, which were nice and meaty with a good, spicy sauce coating them.

What was really more atrocious than the food at The Bayou was the decor and the service.  Michael R. noted that the murals on the inside walls of the restaurant are tacky and touristy.  I'll give him that, but my bigger complaint was the furniture.  The restaurant is entirely indoors, and yet the only table/chair options are metal "grate" patio furniture!  Great for an evening outdoors (and necessary, I understand, if you need weather resistant pieces), but uncomfortable and unnecessary indoors. 

And the service was slow.  It took our server a long time to seat us, and to bring us our drinks.  The appetizer was slow coming out, as was the main course.  The time in between service and the obligatory check-in ("how is everything?") was long, as well, which was unfortunate because it meant that we didn't even get salt on our table until we were halfway through our main course.  The slow service also meant that when I was unsatisfied with my drink (I ordered an Old Fashioned.  What they served me was a watery glass of whiskey with seemingly no other flavoring), it took a while to exchange it (for the Nola Cola, which was actually quite good).

Two stars or one, the bottom line on The Bayou is probably still: don't bother.
Even though my experience at the Bayou was extremely marginal, I did actually think the decor was entertaining and interesting, at least.  Sure, it's tacky and weird, but every now and then it's nice to go to a bar that looks a little different than every other bar in Madison.  

That being said, I would recommend going for three very specific reasons: 1) outdoor seating- it's hard to find sometimes in this neighborhood, but generally guaranteed here, 2) the Cajun cheese curds- unlike any other I've ever had, gooey and a little spicy and a huge portion, 3) sweet potato fries- again, a generous portion and delicious.  Don't be in a hurry, though, or easily offended because the bartenders are slow, inconsiderate, and seemingly very inexperienced.
Recently went to the Bayou with a group of 20.  Quick service and good food.  

I honestly think this is one of Madison hidden places!
OMG!!! This is the best place ever and I do mean ever. 
I have been in 3 time zones in the last three weeks from D.C. to Cali, and guess where I found the most inviting southern atmosphere, Madison, WI. Go Figure?
Upon entering we were greeted with smiling faces and catered to as if we were the only patrons. 
It looked and felt as if we were actually in the French Quarters.
OK, O.k. ,  the food, the food all I have to say is if you ever been to Nawlins you would know that this is not an imitation this Kat is the real deal. 
The other reviews must have gone on an off day, the food was yummy the service was delightful and the atmosphere inviting. 
Thank you Travis for bringing a little home to Madtown, OH, did I mention my familia  relocated from the 7th ward after the storm?
I totally forgot our servers name however, Chi-town you were awesome.
Went to the Bayou on a Saturday night. It was a great volume level. it wasn't too busy but at the same time it wasn't empty. they had good drink specials and a very friendly server. 

The decor was really well done. the ever changing mood lighting is a really nice touch; however, not all of the looks are great. it's a great place to sit, have a few drinks, and enjoy everything around you.
Great drink list- must try the NOLA cola!  We started at the bar, had great service from the bartender- very friendly and quick to refill our drinks.  Ordered the sweet potato fries as an appetizer, which were interesting, in a good way.  They were served with a remoulade, spicy and tangy- yum!  We ended up eating upstairs, and while we thought the interior was really nicely done, the outdoor patio-style chairs (and umbrella!) were unnecessary additions.  Our server, April, was very good and helped with some recommendations about the menu.  We ended up getting a few dishes for the table and then sharing them, so we tried a little of everything.  The shrimp nachos were the most interesting, with large triangles of homemade tortilla chips.  The catfish po-boy was fine with a good fillet, although po-boys seem to always have way more bun than is necessary.  I'm not a fan of crabcakes, but I was told that they were OK, too.

We'll be back, especially to drink, perhaps for another meal.
Went here on a Saturday night with a party of four.  Ambiance was pretty fun, but the food was very poor.  We were expecting flavorful, authentic New Orleans style cuisine, but instead got bland mush.  And halfway through our meal the lights went out for 3 or 4 minutes.  Our server was not concerned because apparently, it happens all the time.  Definetely will not go back.
While a lot of the previous reviews are negative, I for one didn't have such an appalling experience.  My friends and I stopped here after dinner one night and did so out of the blue because we were curious to see what it was like.

The decor was amazing, I love how you feel like you are outside in a New Orleans street at night, as it got darker the little lights in the ceiling painted like a sky-scape began to twinkle.  The murals themselves are beautiful and whoever did them has a a wonderful talent.  New Orleans is eccentric and full of a rich cultural history and the murals, decorations and art are representative of that.

I think it's clever that everyone relates back to being outside in a New Orleans street, including the tables and chairs which are what you would find on an outdoor patio.  We started with four of their drink specialties including the Purple Haze, The Hurricane and Flirtin for a Hurtin.  All were tasty and made quite quickly.

While we were waiting, we decided to take their monster beer bong that resembles an octopus with eight legs.  It was hilarious and fun and gave us a chance to sample the incredible selection of Abita beer on tap.

We threw a couple bucks at the jukebox and played the music we wanted to hear and enjoyed the cocktails and atmosphere for about an hour.  Halfway through we decided to be adventurous and try some fresh oysters and the bartender happily shucked four fresh ones for us.  (He offered to serve them "dirty" for us, which means dropping it into a shot of vodka.) We decided to hold off on that experience for next time.

I thought the bartenders were helpful and nice and very accommodating.  We had a great time and I'm sure we'll try it again soon.
The decor at this place really bothered me.  I don't know if this is a regular thing or not, but the lights would dim every 5 minutes or so and we'd end up dining in the dark as the lights slowly came back on.  I think it was a consistent thing as the waitresses seemed prepared with flashlights.  Personally, I'd prefer to see my food.  

I've been here twice.  The first time with a group of 6 other people and we all ordered drinks and shared our dishes.  We had oysters that time which we greatly enjoyed.  I had a mint julep which was delicious and I don't know of many places in Madison that even serve mint juleps.  The second time was just me and a friend and I ordered the fried catfish while my friend had the Jambalaya.  My catfish was good, nicely battered, well fried so that it was crispy on the outside and really juicy tender fish on the inside.  I thought it was a bit pricey for one piece of catfish though.  It came with sweet potato fries which were also very good.  My friend's Jambalaya came out barely lukewarm.  The temperature reminded me of sticking something from the fridge in the microwave just long enough for it to start to warm up but it's nowhere close to serving temperature.  A mention to the server and she was quick to reheat it.  

The service was fine.  The waitress was nice but seemed still new as she wasn't sure how the menu worked, what sides came with with what dish, etc.  She had to come and go a couple of times to tell us the specials and find out the answers to our questions.  They had a special on some seasonal beers too that they were trying to move out which were only a buck or two.
Wednesday was one of those randomly glorious days in April in Wisconsin, and it seemed that everyone was out to enjoy it.  It was about 6pm, and we were looking for a place to have dinner outside, but basically anything near the capitol/State Street looked packed.  The Bayou had space, we were hungry, so we stopped.  I honestly expected it to be pretty bad, but it surprised me.

First, their outdoor space, while not huge, is nice and on a relatively quiet street, which made a great place to chill and enjoy conversation and have a few drinks.  The server that we had was a bit of an oddball (funny sense of humor), but really nice and attentive.  (Could've been because he only had 2 or 3 tables, but whatever.)

As noted by other reviewers, the sweet potato fries were pretty yummy.  The catfish was good, if a wee salty.  The vegetarian gumbo desperately needed a little more spice, though.  Pretty bland, but not offensive.  The other sides, green beans and salad, were tasty and fresh.  The real kicker, though, was the bread pudding.  I haven't had a lot of bread pudding, so I profess no expertise, but this stuff was damn good!  

The inside of the restaurant was definitely interesting... I didn't spend enough time inside to be either offended or enchanted, but I could see how it could've gone either way, although it seemed more fun than creepy.  

Overall, I'd probably stop again at The Bayou for a few drinks or dinner outside, but it's not one of my top choices.
Best Cajun in Madison. Authenic right down to the red beans!
Went with my husband last week when the weather was nice; we sat outside, so I really haven't seen the interior decor, but I plan to go back in the near future to remedy that.

I have to wonder if they've made a concerted effort to respond to people's claims that the service is surly, because they were EXTREMELY friendly to us--something that I sometimes find annoying, but our server was very personable, so it didn't ring false.

The sweet potato fries were delicious as promised--there are a lot of side items available with the sandwiches, but I'd be afraid nothing else would live up to those fries.  I had the turkey po' boy and was disappointed in the cheddar (seriously, does ANY cheddar on a melt actually taste like anything in this town?), but the turkey was seasoned well enough that it was still a good sandwich.  The french bread they use for the po' boys was also VERY nice, although the "dressed" version (tomatoes, pickles, lettuce) was SO stuffed that it was impossible to eat it without doing some serious deconstruction first.  My husband had the shrimp etouffe and said it was delicious.

They also had $2 glasses of wine for happy hour; I had a glass of the sauvignon blanc and was quite pleased.  It wasn't AMAZING, but it was more than worth $2.  I also had a gin fizz, a drink I have always wanted to try, and enjoyed it very much, although the menu gives rather incomplete information about the ingredients--our server did make sure I wasn't allergic to eggs before making it, but I didn't realize it also had butter in it until I asked.  My husband ordered one with lime juice instead of lemon after our server mentioned the possibility, and thought it was just as good--I prefer the classic with lemon juice, but that's just a matter of personal taste.  An excellent dessert drink, and I look forward to trying more of their specialty cocktails in the future.

Honestly, I wish I'd had a muffaletta instead of the turkey po' boy--it just seems more like one of their staple menu items, given the whole theme of the place.  I'll have to try it next time we're there.
Ok so the food was pretty good, though we only had appetizers. The fries and gravy and bacon were awesome, but only good in small quantities. It was a Monday night and the place got slammed as we walked in and they only had one waitress for about 8 tables. She was great and did extremely well considering. The crawfish and shrimp tacos were a steal at two bucks a piece.
They worked on this place forever!  Lived in the building next door and walked past it everyday for a long time watching it "in progress"

After a lot of drama (neighborhood lady didn't want it there due to it being near residential spaces and a daycare) and financing issues, etc.  I don't think the final product is amazing.  It's just another place to bar hop to!

A fun place nonetheless for the thematic element.  You are supposed to feel like you are on Bourbon St in New Orleans.  There are characters painted on the walls meant to seem to be standing on wrought-iron balconies.  The feeling of being outside, inside.  Confusing? Haha.

Just go, you'll be amused and get a beer bong with 6 spigots!
Great place! Went for the first time last night.  Took my parents and sister here for dinner.  

Place was pretty empty when we went...but we were there for an early dinner on Thursday and the weather was pretty bad out, I can definitely see it getting pretty crowded there normally.  

Loved how the place was decorated, made it look like you were outside on Bourbon Street.  Waiter was super nice. Made us feel really welcome.

Food and drinks were great all around.  Everything we ordered: gator bites, crawfish platter, fried shrimp po boy, jumbalaya, and red beans and rice.  Also, we unknowingly went when it was happy hour, so that was a pleasant surprise when we got the check....two dollar glasses of wine!! 

Definitely going back.  

Random Note: From the sign on the door, they're not taking credit cards anymore starting November 1.
Really fun place - it definitely looks and feels like New Orleans.

The food isn't AS good as legit New Orleans food, but does pretty well for being in Madison, Wisconsin - I particularly like the crab benedict on their brunch menu

Every time I have been here at night, it has been pretty low key, I kind of wish there were more people there, dancing and whatnot, it could be a great time.

mega plus: they serve Abita beer which is delicious. They also have some classic New Orleans cocktails which is fun.

I love the ceiling! at night, there are little lights that twinkle like the sky!
Very friendly server  Very good food with the perfect spice level.  Good absinthe cocktail :)
The fact that this place was half empty on a Saturday night should have been a hint, but we thought we'd give it a shot, since I love New Orleans food. After tasting the food I could see why others chose to dine elsewhere. 

The food was incredibly BLAND! When you think of food from New Orleans what should spring to mind is dishes full of flavor and SPICE. This was anything BUT. I ordered the Etouffe with shrimp. The mush that I was given was tasteless and literally made my stomach churn, not to mention only 5 smallish shrimp decorated the plate. The red beans and rice were equally disgusting-- even a healthy amount of Tabasco couldn't boost the flavor of this flavorless dish-- also the Andouille was clearly that of low quality. We also ordered the nachos which I thought were a sloppy mess for $12.99. Definitely not worth it. The cheese could have passed for Velveeta. 

The service was mediocre. We were asked if we would like dessert before our entrees even arrived. I will give them credit for comping $9 off our bill, since it was clear that we barely touched our entrees.

Very, very disappointing. Never going there again and telling everyone I know to steer clear!
So, through word of mouth from my sister and a friend I had been told that this place has very good food.  I can no longer trust my sister or my friend for recommendations.  If a bus full of babies' lives depended on me eating here again, well... the baby population in Madison would drop substantially.   My lady friend and I actually ate elsewhere after we left The Bayou.  It was all and all a total awful dining experience.   Sub-subpar semi-cold food, terrible service and plastic drink glasses.

It's a shame, because I am all for "non-chain" places.
What a fun find! 

Decor
Fun! The Bayou has done a lovely job of recreating a French Quarter courtyard, complete with authentic shuttered doors in the appropriate shade of green, lots of plants (fake, but still pretty), iron-work balconies, a pebbled floor, and metal outdoor tables & chairs. I could have done without the 8-foot high jester statue and the painting of the woman about to take her shirt off, but overall the ambiance was authentic New Orleans courtyard.

Service
We were greeted and seated promptly. Our main waitress was friendly, helpful, and efficient. Her replacement while she was on a break was short, unhelpful, and MIA for 10 minutes when we were ready to order dessert. I guess it depends on who you get.

Food
Delicious and authentic. I had the jambalaya, and was a little disappointed to get the (uncommon in NOLA but still authentic) tomato-based kind. However, it was well done with just enough spice and plenty of seasoning, plus ample identifiable vegetables and a fabulous smoky sausage. My husband had the crawfish etoufee, which was creamy and rich, again with plenty of seasoning and reasonable heat.

I have to take issue with other reviewers who say the food was bland because it wasn't spicy enough. Authentic New Orleans food, like food in most places, is spiced to the tastes of the eaters. Many, many dishes are made with only a hint of pepper or even no pepper. Kids eat in New Orleans too! What makes food authentic to New Orleans is the flavor combination of onions, bell peppers, and celery, plus any number of herbs and/or meats. It's always FLAVORFUL, not always spicy. The two dishes we tried had flavor to burn. I don't mind at all that they didn't burn my tongue.

My only real issue with the food was dessert. We ordered bread pudding and a mini pecan pie. The pecan pie was mini indeed, maybe four bites, contained two pecans, and tasted stale. The bread pudding was an odd concoction of bread, sweet potato, and chocolate. It was yummy, but in New Orleans you'd find that in an avant garde bistro that's trying to be different - so, not what you're looking for if you miss New Orleans food. Both desserts had clearly been microwaved (tell-tale hot spots).

We will definitely be back!
The decor is very unique.  It is like an indoor courtyard which is very distinctive and fun.  The country music was far too loud and it was definitely distracting.
The po boy sandwich was great, but very difficult to eat.  Overall it was good and I will be back, they just need to tweak a little.
Great atmosphere and good Cajun food. They're one of the few places that has Abita (Louisiana made beer) on tap; 3 or 4 kinds!
The negatives? One big one is that they serve their beer in hard plastic pints. No thank you, I'll take a grown up glass. But that was the only gripe; but it's a serious offense. The jumbalaya was the second best I had in the state, next to Craw Daddy's in Milwaukee.  Highly recommend, but of course...a little spicy (which is good!).
Delightful interior with Mardi Gras/Bourbon Street murals and a giant jester statue inside.  Bar area merges into the restaurant area.  Upstairs seating overlooks downstairs like a outdoor balcony looking down on a street cafe.  Mojitos, chicken and sausage Jambalaya, and sweet potato fries are good, as are the po'boys.  The food is not that spicy; more on the bland side when one thinks of Cajun.
Great sweet potato fries. Just incredible. That itself is reason enough to visit. However, I went for lunch and it was incredibly cold inside. Either they switched off the heat or their heater has problems, it was snowing outside and we were freezing inside. This is also the reason the food becomes cold very fast.
Went there for my husband's and my 7th year wedding anniversary just on a whim. I found it here on Yelp and took a gamble. I'm so glad I did, it was a fabulous experience! Who ever wrote any negative comments must have a stick up their butt or live on nasty McDonalds and have a bland pallet. I got a Creole dish and a Lady bug drink, my husband got some jambalaya and a jack and coke and our bill was only 31 bucks! Great food and drinks for a good price. We got our food out really fast too! The Lady Bug drink was really yummy, kind of reminded me of a jolly rancher but way better. The manager/bartender Miya was really nice and down to earth. We could have sat and talked to her for hours but it started to get busy. It was definitely worth driving to Madison to eat there, which is a 40 minute drive for us. My husband has history working in the food industry and he was also impressed. The food had that wonderful bite of spice but it was not over whelming so you can actually taste the food. The inside of the building is just cool. I think every time you go you could spot something new. I also noticed they have a really huge projector tv that they were showing the Badger football game. 
If my husband and I were more local I could picture us being locals to the bar. But I think we will still make day trips for lunch or dinner as a family due to the reasonable meal prices.
Food was reheated from yesterday.  Red beans and rice. We're runny and poor quality sausage.  Bread was dry and old at least two day old bread. Jambalaya chicken was dry and reheated from yesterday at best. Chicken dry. Would never go back
You must try this place. Service was excellent! Mia was the bartender and our seever and she did both with ease and flair. The Brandy  Punch was the Bomb. The food had the eight touch of spice and the Bayou fries hit the spot. Cannot wait to go back. May try the oysters next time.... Did I mention how good the Brandy Milk Punch was?;)
Some friends and I went here for restaurant week and it was fabulous!!!  Loved the atmosphere, it feels just like being in NOLA.  The food had a great cajun spicy kick and was served perfectly!!!  I had the cajun cheese curds which were amazing, I'm going to say the best in Madison!!! They have Purple Haze on tap which is one of my favorite beers!!! I will definitely go back!
My husband and I recently returned from a honeymoon in New Orleans craving the cuisine. At the Bayou, my po-boy was good but the oysters left much to be desired. There was some kind of coagulated cheese mess on the oysters and they were gritty. A major disappointment.
Almost never anyone there & had rather interesting drink choices. However, the service was awful. It took like 20 minutes to get our drinks even though there were 3 bartenders just standing around. Go if you'd like to be able to have a conversation, not if you'd like decent service.
Again a trip to the eatery was A++! Mia was behind the bar again and our server Vic was attentive but not overbearing. If you truly want to have a taste of NOLA.....get down to Butler Street.
A must on every trip back to Wisconsin.  The voodoo juice specials are always yummy, but the appetizers are killer.

Cajun Cheese Curds, Sweet Potato Fries are a staple.  But all the food is really good and the staff is friendly.  It's a great place to go hang out with old friends.  

I only wish they were in Las Vegas too for when I have a hankering for fried cheese curds.
Just returned from my second stop at the Bayou. I thought I reviewed this place before, but maybe not. Excellent experience - service was very well done plus very sincere and a happy disposition. Met family there - we tried three different PoBoys, shrimp, buffalo chicken and Gator! All three were quite good. The chicken actually had the best flavor, but it was a close call. We also tried the Gator gumbo which was light and spicy and very good. Add in Happy Hour prices on some signature beers - and you really have a decent place for dinner. The Brown ale we tried was quite good.
This would be a five-star joint based purely on the food.

Cajun Cheese Curds? Why yes, I do in fact enjoy bursts of flavor with every bite.

Chicken Sausage Jambalaya? Why yes, I also enjoy generous amounts of tender chicken and spiced sausages laid over a creamy bed of rice casserole immersed in a rich and spicy broth. 

Shrimp po-boy? Pieces of fried goodness laid over a bed of vegetables crammed inside two giant loaves of sandwich buns? Yes please! 

However, I had to deduct one star for their cocktail drinks. Having tried the voodoo juice and a few others, I can honestly say it's just not very good. 

First, everything's a tad too sweet. And by a tad, I mean like so overwhelmingly sweet that you can't taste any alcohol. Hey, don't get me wrong, I don't want my cocktails to taste like 151s, but there's a reason I didn't order a soda. Second, the syrup just tastes very artificial, and leaves a bad aftertaste in your mouth.

Anyways, aside from that, the food was absolutely out of this world! 

Though, what's up with the DJ booth and the definitely-not-very-southern music playing in the background? Just curious, as it doesn't really match the theme.

PS: adult trivia on Wednesday nights and even more adult trivia on Tuesday nights.
Cheap happy hour spot ($2 glasses of wine and cheap beer), plenty of seating (the place was empty, so accommodating a large group was no problem). Appetizers ordered were ok...cheese curds and sweet potato fries were good, but the "nachos" and artichoke dip were served with fried wontons rather than tortilla chips. Strange, and the menu doesn't mention this. Our group didn't order any entrees, so I can't comment on those.

Staff was very friendly and attentive. New Orleans style decor needs to be updated, everything looks a little dated and cheesy.
Good food at a decent price. We went here for New Years. They had an adult xxx entertainment trivia night. I think some of us were a little uncomfortable with the atmosphere. But the service was 'okay.' And the food was 'decent.'
So don't be fooled by their "happy hour" because it is a huge scam. They only give you the happy hour if your at the bar, even if you start ordering at the bar and then sit at a table in the bar area. In our experience they were extremely rude, when a glass broke-- an accident that often happens at bars and restaurants--they were less than helpful and made our friend feel guilty for the accident. From our experience, customer service was sub-par.
loved it, great food and our server was friendly and helpful.  great looking place and worth the two hours I drove to get there!
For Madison, this place ain't so bad. The chargrilled oysters are very good and the crabcakes were delicious.

My only complaint? The beignets. Those are the most god-awful beignets I've ever had. Nowhere near Cafe du Monde (as the menu claims). Just, no.

Otherwise, it was pretty good.
This place doesn't have just good food, they have the BEST food in Madison, in my opinion.  I have always had friendly service, even if it is not always attentive.  But the food is what keeps me coming back.  This is the first choice for date night for my wife and I.  Get the NOLA BBQ Shrimp with extra bread.  Your mouth with burn but you can't stop eating them.  SOO good!  I always get the gumbo of the day, too, and have never been disappointed.
If you're looking for a downtown establishment that gives you a local haunt feel on a Saturday afternoon, then make a bee-line for The Bayou. One block off the 'Square', this Cajun New Orleans themed tavern is a great place to spend your time and money. Hopefully you'll be lucky enough to have Miya (My-ah) as your bar server. Friendly, knowledgeable (she knows her motorcycles!), and attentive, she'll make sure that you're well taken care of. I stopped in for one of their premier offerings, char-grilled oysters, topped with seasoned butter and melted Parmesan cheese. I paired that with one of their new tap beer offerings, Abita's Strawberry Harvest Lager, a seasonal harvest beer that will be there for a very short time (two half-barrels only!), which turned out to be the perfect choice. It had only an essence of strawberry and, for a beer anyway, was almost refreshing. The flavor of the seasoned oysters was truly brightened by the beer and it all combined for a wonderful Saturday afternoon.
The menu at The Bayou will please any Cajun suffering from gastronomic homesickness. The Cajun Cheese Curds puts a spicy spin on a Badgerland classic and the Cajun Andouille Nachos will totally change your view of that south-of-the border staple. The Po' Boy sandwiches are excellent and might leave just enough room in your stomach for their infamous Red Beans & Rice. Just don't forget they also serve some of the best Jambalaya or Etouffee in Madison.
Pair any of the preceding with their authentic New Orleans libations (I.e. Hurricane, Voodoo Juice) or their selection of Abita beers on tap, and you're more than well on your way to Laissez les bon temps rouler!
Oh, Bayou, how you toy with my heart. I lived in the south for a few years and this is the best place I've come across that mimics the southern taste. New Orlean's Take Out has nothing on the flavor of The Bayou. I would be more than happy to give a five star and become a regular if the prices were lowered. Alas, this place remains over priced. My first experience here was amazing. My friends and I talked with the person who was working at the time (we were the only ones in the place) and he was incredibly friendly! He tried to convince us to come to adult trivia, which I would love to go to. The prices really just keep me away. I live super close by to this place so usually when I get food here it's a pickup. My boyfriend is usually the one who places the calls, but he's complained to me multiple times about some lady being rude.

As far as the beignets go, I have no idea if they're like Cafe du Monde. I never managed to make it to New Orleans which is something I regret and plan to fix in the very near future. After I have Cafe do Monde's I'll try to remember to update this review. That being said, I do like The Bayou's, but I don't know if they're the best thing ever.

I love the look of the place! It's over the top, but in a way that fits New Olreans. I wish they would change the tables and seats. I understand it works perfect for the theme, I just don't like it for an indoor restaurant.

Oh, I almost forgot! I really love their seasonal beers! I forget which I tried but it was delicious and the person working really helped me to figure out which I should get.
I tried the Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya and it was decent.  I've had better, but then I've had worse.  The heat was good, but I wanted a little more flavor.  I added some Tabasco (they have several different kinds of hot sauce which is nice) and that added more flavor.  The food was also prepared well.

I had no problems with the wait staff and service was prompt.

I really liked the music they had playing while I was there.  It reminded me of my college days and being in a bar (though I wasn't drinking which was much different than when I was in college) seemed appropriate with the music.
Had high hopes for this place, but wow... the reviews from the newspapers must be several years old; our service was terrible, the food was barely mediocre, and the prices were outrageous.

Yes, it's located on the Yahara.  But that's about all this place has going for it... $8 for an appetizer of potato chips?  $8 for cheese curds??  And what may have very well been the slowest, most unhelpful service ever?

Me thinks not.  Not sure what could be done to redeem this place.  We were ready to spend all night and countless dollars here, but the poor service drove us away after just an hour.  Ugh.  We even asked the waitress point blank if there was anything we could do to improve the service and we got a roll of the eyes (along with more bad service).  One of the people at our tables offered to give her an additional tip upfront - it didn't even phase her.   

Case in point: we waited 30+ minutes for 2 taps and a margarita.  We could see the taps sitting at the bar for at least 20 minutes, but couldn't flag a waitress no matter how hard we tried.  

Bourbon Street Grille = FAIL

Service = 0 stars
Food = 2 stars (decent for bar food...)
Value = 1 star 
Misc = 3 stars (nice atmosphere, and it's on the river)


Final thoughts: Menu is hardly cajun - yes, they have a gumbo and a jambalaya, and they "blacken" some dishes, but that's about the extent of their creole/cajun menu.  If you want some wraps, some deep fried foods, and a mediocre experience, there are a lot of other places to visit.
We went to Bourbon Street Grille for the first time last night because I'd gotten a $25 restaurant.com coupon for $3 a while back.  The interior is actually quite nice, a least away from the bar- sort of a quasi-New Orleans theme.  We were promptly seated outside (friendly, efficient hostess), and waited for our server.  Although there was nothing technically wrong with the service, it was definitely of the bare minimum variety- yes, no, ok was all we could get out of her.  

There were four of us- two ordered chicken caesars, which were good but were warm by the time we got them.  The chicken was still hot and the greens had started to wilt- bummer.  One ordered a french dip, good, but a little chewy; the fourth ordered jambalaya, which was a travesty at $12.00.  Cold, soupy and flavorless although the corn muffin was ok.

With 4 meals and 4 sodas, our bill was $31.00 after the $25.00 coupon.  I'd say it was a bad value.  However, I'd come back just for drinks and to sit outside and watch the boats go by, maybe get an order of fries.  

Verdict- Bar=yes.  Restaurant=fail.
I've had great meals here before. Usually the prime rib is superb, but tonight's iteration was rather so-so. I guess it's an up and down place without consistency.
Went here for the first time tonight and loved it.  We sat out on the patio and it was wonderful.  We both had the fish fry and it was FABULOUS.  Our waitress was great, I think her name was Sarah!  Great prices!
The bartender I had mixed very weak drinks, for prices that are a bit higher than average here in town.  It's not a very comfortable bar to hang out in either.  It is very clean and has good parking though.  The food is acceptable, but they charge extra for soda refills, condiments etc - basically they up charge everything on you the whole time.  I suggest going somewhere with better food, drinks, and prices.
Just got home from Bourbon St. Grille.  It was horrible.  I ordered the "Cajun Trio".  My husband ordered the pecan catfish.  The "Cajun Trio" was disgusting.  Absolutely disgusting.  Chunks of rubbery chicken skin disgusting.  To call that Cajun is a travesty.  My husbands pecan crusted fish was mushy, and just gross.  His "red beans & rice" side dish was literally canned re-fried beans mixed with rice.  I don't think anyone who works in that kitchen has ever had real Cajun food.  Oh, and let's not forget my "Cajun Trio" was served in a plastic Dollar Store dish.  Seriously. Presentation was a joke.  Completely disappointing.  What a waste of a beautiful space.  Do not waste your money or time.
This place is awful. Now I know why every time we go by on the boat no one is out there - stay away! Horrible food, horrible service. Ordered a drink and the waitress forgot to bring it out until halfway through or meal, my cajun chicken panini had no cheese on it was over cooked and overkilled with cajun seasoning. Disgusting. My husbands pork was overcooked. Not to mention we waited 30 minutes for our food to come out and there were only 6 tables filled in the whole place. Never ever ever going back.
The first time I visited Bourbon Street was fall of 2010 and the service was horrible.  My friends and I were sitting on the upstairs outdoor level and more often than not had to go to the bar to get drinks in spite of having a server.  

I visited this past weekend and things were smoother.  It seems they are making an effort to improve on their service.  A manager came around asking people if they'd been helped.  Still, it took ten minutes to get someone to acknowledge my party, so, not great.  There was a feedback form given to us to fill out after eating, too.

The food was pretty good.  A member of my party was extremely pleased with his ahi tuna sandwich and the gumbo.  I enjoyed a "new awlins' wrap, although I refused to say 'awlins' when I ordered.  The sweet potato fries were just the frozen variety warmed up, so that was a tad disappointing, but I enjoyed them.

The view overlooking the water is great, especially with nice warm weather.  Bourbon has room for improvement, but if you want to take a gamble with service or its not that important, give it a shot.
Not sure why this place has gotten such bad reviews. If their Groupon ploy was to build business, they managed to get a new customer. I live downtown Madison, and can say we don't have any restaurants/bars quite like this. The location is spectacular, the building is light, and the outdoor space is great.

We went for a spaghetti board -- I'm not a spaghetti connoisseur, but I would say that it was quite good! The noodles were cooked perfectly, the sauce tasted good (didn't seem jarred, but I can't be sure), and the meatballs were seasoned and done well. The Italian bread tasted like it had real butter! No complaints about our food.

We ordered drinks at the bar as we waited for our table (they had the chef set it up so that we didn't get us messy; considerate, in my opinion, plus the food was fresh) -- great prices on Turbo Dog! I think it may have been happy hour, but still. Also, service all around was good.

Even if the food/service would have been terrible, I would have come back for the location. Fun experience -- will definitely be back through the summer, especially if there's another pasta board.
We had the french dip, pecan encrusted catfish, and sweet potato fries, all of which were great.  We sat in the separate, closed off, dining room which was perfect ... we could still hear the live music, but also have a nice conversation.  Chaz (our server) did a great job and was very courteous.
A-OK it is. Good service. Nice view on the outdoor deck. Good food. Decent prices.

The best thing they have going for them is the outdoor seating. Very enjoyable. The food is average although they have an above average menu with some interesting items. I had a shrimp wrap that was very good and appreciated that for a bar they had some healthier options. Four stars for this.

I really need to go here a few more times to get a feel for the service and management. But for now it is A-OK.
I ate here on the day after Christmas and found the place dead around 4pm. I thus got just what I hoped for, lightning quick service as soon as I sat at the bar. I got the blackened chicken po boy with sautéed mushrooms and onions and a side of sweet tater fries. This is a hunk of a sandwhich let me tell you now! Messy but delicious start to end. I also got the "Cajun Trio" which is a smaller portion of cup size classic creole soups. Jambalaya, Etuffe', and Gumbo. All have a nice kick to them so get ready for the nose to start running folks! Each one has a unique and distinct flavor all its own so do try this trio option to sample all 3. Your missing out otherwise.

Prices are great here from what I saw with $19 being the most pricey item. All the staple Cajun items seemed to be on the menu so I would state this as a legit place to get your spicy food fix on during these chilly days of winter. 

Kudos to the 11 TV's they have in the main (full)bar and dining area to do some prime sports viewing as well!
Great location, the service was quick and friendly, the food was fine.  Nothing special, but a beautiful view!
I enjoy how the Bourbon Street Grille is on the water, and I have eaten here, now fairly unfortunately, with my family on several occasions for this reason.  However, the experience was consistently underwhelming each time.  The service is slow as molasses after 6pm, jumbling orders, forgetting drinks, etc.  When you finally get the food, sometimes it is cold, sometimes it is missing items, and generally is not presented professionally, or deserving of the price.  When you eat it, most of the dishes are too spicy, and not in a full-bodied, cajun way, but in a vinegary, salty way. The etouffe was thin and had little flavor.  The jambalaya was spicy and had no depth to it, rather it had more of a chili in a can flavor.  The soups were overdone and a bit burnt, I believe.  The sandwiches came out on dry bread with limp mushrooms, onions, and fries.  The location is nice, and the experience is manageable, but it misses the mark in service and food.
After getting stranded in a storm while biking, a friend and I ended up here as refuge until the storm passed. We were pretty disappointed on all fronts.

The worst aspect was the service: the dining room was about 3/4 full, but our waitress was difficult to find when we were ready to order and when we wanted the check.

The atmosphere was also pretty terrible. In addition to the tacky decorations and awkward floor layout (some tables in the bar area, some in the recreation area, nothing really aligned), the other patrons that were there were loud and rude. I guess this is Madison's version of a dive bar?

The food had no redeeming quality. My friend got the $9 Caesar salad, which consisted of a minimal amount of romaine lettuce and Caesar dressing. Not even croutons?! For $9, I expect at least some veggies or toppings on the salad. Note that for $3 more, you can get chicken on top, but I wouldn't hold my breath.

I got sweet potato fries which were ok, but were clearly frozen.

Avoid at all costs unless this place cleans up their act.
Had the Hard Shell Taco salad with Chicken, it was very fresh and tasty. Definately would order again !
Truly awful.  Our waitress was friendly- the rest- yuck.  Frozen (like what you buy at the store I am sure) Sweet potato fries and veggie burger.  The Philly roll made one person at our table ill.  The "Chef" and I do say that lightly, came out and ACTUALLY SAID TO US......  Are you sure it's not you?  Because I make the food fresh each day.  Yikes- horrible customer service- Never go back.....
Dirty, dirty place. We thought it was drops of blood on the rug on our way in - turns out it was blobs of spaghetti sauce. Was still there about 45 minutes later when we were on our way out. Bathrooms are disgusting.
We had our Christmas party here. I'm giving four stars rather than five because when 200 people drop in, there never seems to be enough bartenders for us. I'm impressed with the improvements they made with the place in the last few years. It suited us as a group with the layout. There were quieter rooms for people who wanted to visit, a game room for people who wanted to play pool and the main bar for the rest of the party dwellers. The house DJ was good and kept the party rolling albeit a tad loud for conversation in that small area. There was a smoking balcony so the smokers didn't have to trudge out to the back 40 and could stay close to the main group. The food they served was good. We had a tight budget but, they didn't fail to deliver for us. From the previous reviews I was skeptical but, I was pleasantly surprised at the outcome but, more barkeeps for big parties next time and you shall get your final star.
The appeal of this place is definitely their outdoor patio.  It is pretty awesome as it sits on a lake and is right in front of a docking pier.  There are three levels to the their patio.  First level allows you to sit pretty close to the water; great view. The second level gives a great view of the houses and is great for geese watching. I haven't been to the third level yet but that one is on the roof and seems pretty cool too.

The service at this place is pretty standard.  The staff have been trained to address you right way which is great.  They do however lack the type of excitement that builds rapport.  If they were a bit more excited I think it would definitely make for a more enjoyable experience.

They also have decent beers on tap.  Not a big beer drinker but I've never heard any complaints from the man.  One would think however that they would have a better tropical drink menu with things the NOLA is famous for like Hurricanes. 

Lastly, the food.  I got food for first time on 7/3/2014.  It was okay.  I ordered the lunch portion of the gumbo.  This was well priced at $9.  The man ordered the Louisiana sampler trio.  I felt that my meal could have used a bit more kick.  Also the rice was par boiled instead of the regular white rice you find at southern restaurants.  The sampler platter came with gumbo, jambalaya and shrimp étouffée.  The server didn't go over which was which but there was one that was really great; nice and spicy.  The other two were just meh.

This place has some really just terrible reviews but I am glad that found this place.  I am a fan of all places that have great patios and this is definitely one of the best!  Such a great view.  All you need is great company to enjoy yourself here!
I saw the other reviews and thought, hmm can't be too bad three stars... How wrong I was. Food is disgusting and they served me expired beer. This could be an amazing place, view is great, great live music, but the service, hygiene and quality of food was beyond disgusting. I am surprised the department of health does not shit them down there was so much bird shit on the seats it didn't seem safe to eat there... And one look into the kitchen/bar is enough to turn anyone off from going to a reassurance again. Do not come here to eat or drink. The river view and music are the only good things.
It takes a lot to seriously make me hate any dining experience. This place did just about everything it could think of to make me wish I never used an iphone app to find it. 

I went to Vegas this weekend to enjoy UFC 106 with some close friends. After Forrest Griffin made me happy I decided to top off the evening with something like The boiling Crab or the Crab hut. I used my friend's iPhone to find the nearest spot for us to indulge in some Cajun goodness. We got in a cab and hurried over to Cajun Crawfish. We arrived to find the place almost empty. We were sat and the waiter returned with our drinks. We ordered our usual and waited for about 15 minutes only to have the waiter return to our table to tell us they were out of corn on the cob....whaaaat?? ok ok ok...I can deal with that. But then we waited about another 30 minutes only to be confronted with the most flavorless crawfish and shrimp I have ever tasted in my life! Our potatoes come and they have no seasoning anywhere and are waaay undercooked. We sent the potatoes back to be cooked longer and they were still under cooked when the waiter brought them back. We ordered some steamed white rice and even that was horrible....how do you screw up rice? The sausage was undercooked, the crawfish was over cooked and lacked any flavor except spice. the shrimp was ok at best...a tad over cooked but still...ok. We tried to tell the female waitress about the potatoes and the rice only to find she doesn't speak English, so we were then stuck playing charades with the girl. After we were finished with our disaster of a dinner...we asked for wet naps. The lemon scented ones tend to cut the fishy smell out of your hands. Guess what?? No wet naps. 

We agreed to call it quits for the evening and head back to the hotel. We asked the waiter to call a cab.....after asking every employee in the joint "Do we have cab number?" we decided to make use of the iphone once again and called our own cab. 

We waited outside for our cab and noticed the sign for Cajun Crawfish stated "Grand Opening". Well, I don't know about "grand" but I guess the place is new. So here is my advice to the owners....shut down for a week and visit The Boiling Crab in LA area. Notice the flavor, the decor, the hospitable service, the flavor and the flavor or their food. Then come back to Vegas and regroup. There is no point in owning a below average establishment like this. When you have visitors that know what their food is supposed to taste like and visit your restaurant with certain expectations....they are just going to leave seriously unhappy and are going to tell all their friends about their piss poor experience. Not trying to be mean...but Cajun Crawfish is way under par. 

Cajun Crawfish failed to deliver...in EVERY way possible. I will not go back and I will make sure that no one I care about makes the same mistake I did by going here. Waste of time, waste of money and there was a risk of food poisoning with the whole undercooked sausage thing. It's clear this place doesn't care about the quality of their food....looks like they are just happy enough to be open and have anyone walk through their doors. 

2 lb shrimp (1 mild and 1 medium) FAIL 
2 lb Crawfish (medium) FAIL 
12 practically raw potatoes FAIL 
no corn on the cob MAJOR FAIL 
24 undercooked sausage FAIL 
3 orders of slice bread GOOD 
2 order rice FAIL 

I would have been happier with Popeye's Chicken and Biscuits
We decided to give Cajun Crawfish a try.  The restaurant is very long with red walls.  It was quite empty when we got there.  Only one other table with 2 customers was occupied.  

The waiter told us that they had a Grand Opening Special of 20% off entrees and a buy one get one free soda, with free refills.  For the drink, try the Sweetened Green Tea.  Not too sweet and compliments with the spicy seafood.

The special of the day was dungeness crab.  We didn't get it as it was $14.95/lb.  Instead we ordered 3 lbs of shrimp in a medium sauce, house special style and the catfish dinner.  We also ordered 2 orders of sweet potato fries, some rice bowls, corn and bread.  I agree with Andy R.  OMG - the shrimp were huge from its head to its tail - as big as the distance between your thumb and your index finger!!  The shrimp were as thick as your thumbs!!!  They were indicated on the menu as Gulf Atlantic Shrimps.  I think they were just huge Tiger Prawns.  Make sure you order some rice and some bread to sop up the delicious sauce.  The sauce was unfortunately too little but we managed to sop up every little bit of sauce.  The sauce had roughly chopped up onions in it.   The rice was so fragrant; I think it's jasmine rice.  Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm!  We wanted more shrimp so we ordered another lb of shrimp, this time with spicy sauce.  The spicy sauce this time had a bit of kick in it and it tasted better.

The waiter was very helpful, pleasant and quick to serve.  

Would we go back?  Sure, for that size of shrimp and the spicier sauce!

Take advantage of the Grand Opening Special of 20% off entrees.  It really helps!!!!
I'm all for a little competition in the crawfish world - but Cajun Crawfish is definitely not up for the challenge.  I was super hesitant with all the negative reviews, but still kept in open mind.

It's a large restaurant space with additional seating in the back around the corner with TVs abound  However, it's a pretty sterile environment, blame it on the high ceilings.

We started out with two pounds of Crawfish ($9.99/lb) with their House Special seasoning and Medium spice level.  (They have a warning that says their "spicy level is two levels higher than normal".)  The Husband did ask ahead of time if the crawfish was big and fresh, and the waitress said it was.  She also pointed out the tank in the back so we could have a look.  (I did walk over there to take a peek and noticed they had lobster and clams in the tanks too.)  You also get one side of corn and potato for order two pounds or more of crawfish.

When our order arrived in a silver bowl, we noticed a difference right away.  This wasn't the way we wanted our crawfish, and that was our mistake.  The Husband asked for some lime, salt and pepper to make a dipping sauce, but that couldn't help this crawfish.  Sure, they were large, but they were also dried out.  There was no head juice to suck out at all.  When you break the head off, you can tell there's something wrong immediately.  And the sauce in the bottom of the bowl is this watered down concoction of something or other.  I don't think it's as fresh as they say it is, the ones in the tank are just for show I think!    

The staff were friendly, and really anxious to refill our beverages.  But it couldn't make up for the sad crawfish.  We left after our two pounds and headed up Spring Mountain for Hot N Juicy Crawfish instead.  

We didn't order the famous shrimp that gets all the ravings, but did see some on someone else's table, and they were large indeed.  But then again, this restaurant is called Cajun Crawfish, not Cajun Shrimp. 

I did ask if they had any grand opening specials (especially since other yelpers mentioned it), but we were told they weren't offering them anymore.  However, I did notice an ad offering a discount on beverages just the other day.   Oh well.

Overall, Cajun Crawfish doesn't measure up for good crawfish the way I like it.  Sorry.

06.07.10 Update!  In a recent magazine article, they are changing their name from Cajun Crawfish to The Crawdaddy Crab House.  Hope that helps with business!
I like this place better then Hot N Juicy, their seasoning isn't as great as Hot N Juicy but at least their crawfish and Hugemungist shrimps are fresh. However, you must try the fried soft shell crab...it's not too salty. 
Soft shell crab basket- $9.95
Crawfish 1lbs- $9.99
Shrimp 1lbs- $10.95

Staff is great they check up on you all the time, so your mouth isn't burning from the hotness as much. 

Parking, there is lots of parking.
Service: Good 
Food: Good 
Restaurant: Ok 
Return Visits: Yes 

Gotta admit, we went over to Hot n Juicy Crawfish first but they were so busy and had an hour wait that we decided to go to Cajun Crawfish as a backup plan because we were really looking forward to havin' some Crawfish and we were HUNGRY so we didn't want to wait for an hour. I used to love Hot n Juicy, we used to go there when it first opened, when we'd be the ONLY patrons in the establishment... But ever since they were on Man vs. Food, we practically have no desire to go there because of the f'n wait!!! But enough about them, this is about Cajun Crawfish, my bad... 

We were a little hesitant because we had expectations about our Crawfish considering we LOVE seafood... But we kept an open mind, our motto is "We try it once, if we don't like it, we never come back". 
We were greeted right away and the staff was really nice. As we were waiting for our food, I decided to Yelp the place on my phone. Unfortunately the reviews were no bueno but again, we kept an open mind and my husband reminded me of our motto. It's a small restaurant but they have the capability to accommodate large parties. We ordered Crawfish and crab legs. Some of the reviews mentioned that the Crawfish were small, it wasn't the case the night that we came in, there was a mixture of big and medium sized ones. I LOVE garlic, that's why I was always a fan of Hot n Juicy but I always hated how I'd smell like garlic for days, no matter how many times I wash my hands, lemon I use, or how hot the water is when I clean my hands... That wasn't the case here, there was enough garlic flavor but not so much so that I'd smell for days, which was AWESOME because we were meeting up with friends after wards so I didn't wanna smell like I was swimming in garlic! Which, BTW, I didn't! 

I don't see too many negatives about this place, even though there are a lot of negatives, but we have returned a couple times after our initial visit... Except maybe, they can work on their decor? I kind of feel like I'm at a generic Chuck E. Cheese with that rinky dink mural, no offense CC! 

Overall, satisfied and have already returned.
We went to Cajun Crawfish a couple of days ago.  Although the place was empty, we were surprised by the food.  We ordered butter and garlic shrimp, snow crab and oysters with sweet potato fries.  They were all very good.  Ginormous doesn't begin to describe the size of the shrimp.   We would go back to this place the next time we're in Vegas.
I've never been to a place like this.  I've been really hesitant to because eating crawfish is so much work for so little reward, but my girl friends from Canada were in town and they love crawfish so I decided to take them.  Mind you, I WAS going to take them to Hot n Juicy first because everyone talks about it, but it was a 30-40 minute wait, we were all hungry....we weren't waiting.  So we headed over to Canjun Crawfish.  No wait, sat down right away.  You could tell it was a family own business, it was very odd atmosphere.  LCD screens throughout the place showing sports and other channels.  Paper menus like they printed out on their computer, but you know what?  Who cares! The food was awesome! 4 girls ate 10 lbs of food!
3 lbs of canjun clams (mild, the shrimps are HUGE!) 
1 lb of shrimp house special (medium)
6 lbs of crawfish (garlic butter - didn't have much taste) (2 lbs cajun mild) (3 lbs of house special medium)  the house special is canjun + Garlic butter.  

A few days later i was craving crawfish at work so i googled the restaurant and found out they did take out, ordered it 15 minutes before I got off work, by the time I got there it was all ready for me.  

Atmosphere isn't the greatest, but if you're with  bunch of good friends, who cares?  It doesn't have a dirty feel when you walk in.  You know how when you walk into some restaurants and you're just feel gross and everything just feels dirty?  Not this place at all.  Picture a wharehouse feel with long tables and chairs.  I was a bit disappointed when they didn't have crab, but hey whatever, we made do with what they did have.  Definitely looking forward to the next time.

07/23/10:  Need to revise my stars and my review.  Went here with a bunch of friends that had never been.  My first experience was awesome, but this time was very disappointing.  Went with a group of 5 ppl, we sat down, ordered and waiting.  1 friend joined us a few minutes later and ordered.  Food starts to come out, the person that came late finally gets his order....the person sitting next to me looks around and says where's my food?  Called the waiter over and asked him where his order was.  Waiter says, you didn't order anything.  I made a comment, he sat down with us and I distinctively heard him ask how hot was the hot while he was ordering, how can you get the guy that walked in late's order but not his? He offered to put the order in right away, but my friend was already pissed.  One friend ordered the shrimp, it was way overcooked.  Mine didn't taste the same as it did the first time, so I called the waiter over and he said they changed the recipe to not be so soupy.  I was like but that's why I liked it?  Long story short, we all left VERY dissatisfied.  I to this day get blamed for a crap dinner.
worst  food I had in VEGAS. service are slow,everything over here is bad quality. Not that much coustmer so there sea food is not fresh at all. EVEN vagetabile...NEVER COME BACK AGAIN
So I was craving seafood and didnt feel like paying an arm & a leg for it.  Decided to go here instead of to its competitor Hot N Juicy Crawfish because this place accepts Restaurant.com coupons.  Specifically wanted the cajun clams, the fresh shrimp, the crab legs.  Got there around 8pm on Sunday, for the fresh seafood, all they had was the clams, the blue crabs and the dungeness crabs.  They had crawfish but those were frozen (and not as good as the fresh ones).  

Ended up ordering a pound of cajun clams, the calamari basket, the butterfly shrimp basket and an order of sweet potato fries.  The cajun clams were awesome!!!!  The other stuff was just OK.  Total bill (food & tax) came out to $40.  With the $25 restaurant.com coupon, the total amount spent was $19 (This amount included the tip already).  Not a bad for some good seafood.  Also service was good.

1 star for their cajun clams
1 star for the restaurant.com coupon 
1 star for good service
We came here Friday night because we did not have time to wait an hour for a table at Hot N Juicy. I ordered a Blue Moon and the girls ordered sodas. Our server brought out the sodas, but my Blue Moon was no where in sight. She comes back a few minutes later to tell me that they were out of Blue Moon...so disappointed already.

What we ordered:

2 lbs crawfish - 1 lb house special sauce/1 lb garlic butter sauce
1 lb shrimp - garlic butter sauce
snow crab - garlic butter sauce
sweet potato fries
extra corn/potato

The crawfish was ok. The corn was cold on the inside. We didn't get our potatoes. We told our server that we didn't get our potatoes. She came back a couple minutes later to confirm that we did not get our potatoes...wtf?!! She goes back to tell the manager again and returns to tell us that they are out of potatoes and stands there for a minute without saying anything. I said, "it's ok" and she finally walks away. The sauce with the shrimp was good, but the shrimp were over cooked and tough. The crab legs come and they are not pre-cracked for us. I have to flag down a server to ask for crackers. 

This place has been open for a while now...why are the servers so inexperienced? Why do they not have potatoes or Blue Moon on a Friday night? If you don't have potatoes, shouldn't you tell the server to ask the customer if they would like something else. I will never come back here again.
Went here again, still think they have by far the best soft shell crab. The batter is just right, not too salty and not too breaded! 

My bf and I have been here about 5 times and always get great service! The prices did go up though, but that's understandable because of the oil leak. 

A lbs of shrimp is $12.95 
a lbs of clams was $11.95 
Soft shell crab $9.95 same 

The clams is something new that was on the menu so we tried it and it was delicious!
Went here several times now and still absolutely satisfied.  So much better than the "other" crawfish joint down the street!  Seriously, people why bother with the "other" place...it's a waste of time and money.

Ordered:
1 lbs Crawfish *Live-Medium (House Special)-$10.95
1 Blue Crab (M) Half Doz-$19.95
1 lbs Wild Gulf Shrimp-Mild House Special-$12.95
Enjoying every bite-Priceless

The flavor of the crawfish is truly there.  The shrimp were massive and delicious!  I loved the seasoning on the blue crab!  Best of all, they don't use frozen seafood unlike the "other" place and if they do use frozen seafood, they let you know ahead of time and give you a discount!  You can't top that at the "other" crawfish joint!

Their restaurant has great parking and no wait for seating unlike the "other" crawfish place.  Decor can use some upgrading and more pizazz but they still have the best crawfish!
Admittedly, we only came here because HnJ had a line 45 minutes long, we were hungry, and Cajun Crawfish (CC) could seat us right away. We had been to HnJ several times in the past, driving right past Cajun Crawfish (CC), due to previous poor Yelp reviews. We're glad that we took the chance, and would definitely come again.

12 of us rolled in around 9 p.m. (this place is open until  midnight on a Sunday night).  We were seated right away in the back area, near the Karaoke and the dart boards.  A fish tank was present, storing live crabs and crawfish.  The kiddies got a kick out of watching them swim about.

We ordered what we would normally order at HnJ--2 lbs crawfish each, medium or spicy, house special sauce. I changed it up a bit, getting a fresh dungeness crab. I was surprised and pleased to see that they grabbed a crab from the tank--nothing like fresh seafood.

The wait time was short, and the food piping hot.  The broth used to season/spice up the offerings was more souplike, rather than pasty like HnJ, and very flavorful.  Dipping the Cajun fries in the soup is a must, as is dipping the corn and potatoes into the broth. We asked for separate bowls of just broth, and ended up pouring most of it into the bag of leftovers that accompanied us home.

Complaints:

The chicken wings and chicken tenders did NOT come with fries.
The darts are pretty beat up, and lost their fins midflight.

Pretty minor complaints, i know, but thought i'd throw it out there.

We initially went in with HnJ on our minds.  If you seek to compare the two, there is no comparison--they are just different, with different flavors.  If you go with an open mind, and just expect good, flavorful seafood, you'll get it at Cajun Crawfish.
Like so many others, we went here because Hot and Juicy had a forty minute wait...BIG mistake!!

The service was awful:
~ waiter forgot our "Cajun" fries
~ our order came out with at least 10 minutes between everyone's dishes
~ the waiter's English got shaky when we asked which flavor our shrimp were and complained about a mix up

Although the shrimp are bigger, they don't compare to the bag of goodness the waitstaff delivers at the REAL crawfish place! Hot and Juicy is worth the wait...don't waste your time wit bad imitations
Looks like folks are givin' Cajun Crawfish a hard time.  Hmm.  Well, I've not yet been to the "other crawfish joint" in town, and I'm sure it's wildly amazing, but, I honestly really liked this place.
When I walked in on a Saturday night, it wasn't hoppin', but it seemed to have some faithful followers.  The lighting is a little dim, but comfortable, and the tables are covered in white paper just waiting to be doused in butter.
My friend and I used a restaurant.com coupon, which saved us $25 on our $35 bill, so could we really go wrong??
We ordered the shrimp with the house special sauce (a mix of garlic butter and cajun sauce), crab legs in garlic butter, a potato and corn. The only complaint I really have is that the corn seemed over-cooked and looked... well... over-cooked.  Otherwise, I have no real complaints. Now, at places like this, the shrimp is served with its head. Seeing the faces of my food has never been a sought after experience for me, but... eh...  Here's to new experiences.  Once de-headed, the shrimp was good, albeit just a hair over done.  Still yummy in its garlicky-spicy sauce.  The show-stealer, though, was the crab legs.  DELICIOUS.  Have you ever licked the OUTSIDE of a crustacean?  Yeah, that good.  This sauce was out of this world!  Butter, garlic, garlic, garlic.  I believe I took a butter bath.  One of those experiences where you look up afterward, shake your head a little and try to remember where exactly you are.  

So, perfect?  No.  Worth a try?  I would definitely say yes - especially if you choose to bathe with the crab legs in garlic butter.
We tried this place for dinner, and soooo glad we did.

At first, I wasn't too happy with the fact that they didn't have the mayo.  My bf has a sauce that he makes that uses mayo as one of the ingredient to make the best sauce ever to dip those little crawfish tails into.  However, after tasting the crawfish, no sauce was needed.

This place definitely has different flavors than that of HnJ, but I love it!
We (the two of us) ordered 4lbs of the medium house special and 2 lbs of the medium house special shrimps.  They were all so FRESH and flavorful.  I was never a shrimp kind of girl, but this place made it so yummy, that I actually prefer the shrimp over the crawfish!

The service was pretty slow though :(
If I wasn't watching my cholesterol intake, I would eat at this crawfish joint every single weekend!  But since I am somewhat health conscious, once every two months is my limit.
Didn't like the crawfish since they told us it was frozen but the shrimp was great!!! also we enjoyed the chicken strip.  suprise there weren't that many customer.  Will definately return when they have fresh crawfish.
I'm writing about my experience i had here about a year ago.  It is one of the few places i can give a 1 score too.    My friends and I came here because the other big crawfish place was too crowded and we were all hungry.   My friend suggested we try this place but I was a little reluctant.  I'm from southern california and I am use to Boiling Crab quality shrimp and crawfish.   

The fries were pretty average.   The sauce is really bland and watery.  It doesnt have much taste or kick to it.   

We ordered the shrimp but that didnt seem to fresh.  The shell was really hard to get off.   I also felt like it was hard to tagged the waiter when we were there even though there was only a few customers.   

All in all, i wouldnt come back here again.
I'm so excited there's some authentic New Orleans cooking now in Las Vegas! The place is cute and family owned-operated. My extended family all lives in New Orleans so I'm quite familiar with the cuisine. I'm also a very harsh critic! 

*$4.25 - cup of gumbo. She puts sausage, chicken AND seafood in her gumbo. I found it heavy on the chicken and light on the seafood. The flavor was great. Really took me back to NOLA! Basically was a chicken/sausage flavored gumbo with a couple shrimp thrown in.
*$11.99 - 1/2 dozen charbroiled oysters. *sigh* I'm pretty spoiled here. I didn't find these nearly as good as real new orleans charbroiled oysters, but they were still enjoyable
*$9.99 - Shrimp poboy with fries. The poboy was a little small compared to what I'm used to , but otherwise it was perfect. They fly their bread in from new orleans and the shrimp were so delish! The best poboy I've ever had outside of nola!

Overall I'll be back. Their dessert menu looked incredible (bananas foster, bread pudding!). Prices weren't bad ($7.99-$12.99 per entree). Service was polite and speedy. Give them a try Yelp!
hit lola's last night with gf and sis. 

this is the 3rd restaurant at this spot ( i ate at one of the others - the name escapes me ) in the last two years or so. 

decent job in remodeling the place - simple, yet comfortable. 

sis had cup of gumbo, crab cake dinner; gf had bronze catfish with grits; i tried the gumbo and jambalaya. 

they provide a sorry ass basket of stale bread ( maybe it's meant to soak in the gumbo - who knows ? ) 

gumbo ( $4.25 ) - cup - alot of shredded chicken, small shrimp , some andouille sausage bits a lil bit of okra - decent taste. personally, i prefer a darker roux /base - provides a little nuttier, richer taste but still, not bad. 

the crab cake dinner - 2 nice sized crab cakes on a bed of greens - nice portion of crab in the cake - good flavor. the greens ok to but it had the look of an appetizer - asked the server if it's the appetizer , " no the appetizer is one crab cake ) - $15 - a little pricey - but still good. 

the jambalaya ( $10 ) - very good, spiced just right, good mix of sausage and chicken ( did not go with the shrimp option - $13 ) - the andouille sausage slices on top tasted like smoked polish sausage , possibly farmer john brand - ok by me. 

the winner was the catfish / grits. the description mentioned a mushroom ragu - but it should be mushroom surprise as in try and find the mushroom ! still, great cheesy grits, tender flaky catfish browned, not blackened. sorry, i forget the price but pretty sure under $15. 

we shared the bananas foster - very good - wanted to try the bread pudding but i ain't up for the raisins ! 

overall, service pleasant. Had a nice chat with the manager ( or was it the owner ) - giving my 2 cents and more importantly, well wishes that they succeed - 

SHOW SOME LOCAL LOVE PEOPLE !

pics posted
Lots of potential but they need to pay more attention to details. We have eaten there three times, so I cannot say I don't like it but so far it has been a mixed bag. It is close to my house and I grew up on this kind of food.

REALLY GOOD: Charbroiled oysters, Fried Oysters, Catfish, French Fries and the BBQ shrimp (twice). Bread Pudding is as good as I have ever had...Damn near perfect!

NOT AS GOOD: Gumbo is tasty but needs to be darker. Fried Crawpuppies tend to come out still cold in the center. BBQ shrimp (third time) had to be sent back. Crabcakes are full of bread but this is NOLA  style not Baltimore. I know they are having problems with the bread getting stale unless it is grilled or toasted.

PRETTY BAD: The Crawfish Etouffee was terrible, very few crawfish and the gravy tasted of nothing but ready-made under cooked roux, YUCK!   The Sweet Potato Pie was pasty and insipid and the crust would make a Cajun Nana cringe.

I will definitely give them another shot and I hope they iron out the problems. But I cannot recommend without caveats.
Solid place. Went for a quick lunch. Service was fast and polite. Got a Blackened Shrimp Po Boy. Very tasty, looking forward to trying other menu items.
Great food on a fantastic menu. Lola's is an off-strip/downtown gem for authentic New Orleans cuisine. The bronzed catfish is superb with the grits, and the crab cakes are well-portioned and delicious. Try the bananas foster for dessert.
This is my first time at Lola's and probably one of my few southern style restaurants, but I enjoyed my experience there.  It had a very cozy ambience with friendly service.  Oh and how cute!  Lola actually picked up the phone to take my reservation!  

Here's the spotlight on the food =)
1.  Charbroiled Oysters - "Fresh Oysters charbroiled the Cresent City way, with lots of garlic, lemon and a blend of cheeses."  Usually I shy away from any cooked type of half shell oysters suspicious that it is the stuff that they're trying to hide the unfreshness of with cooking it.  However, I was pleasantly surprised with my favorite robust flavors of garlic and cheese and the lovely toasted slices of french bread
2.  Crab Cakes - "Lump Crab in Lola's special blend of spices, pan fried and served w/Lemon-garlic Aioli."  This is not the usual crab cake you'd expect.  It seems to be 99% crab meat.  Not crispy but very crab meaty.
3. Fried Oyster Po Boy on New Orlean's French Bread fully dressed, meaning that it comes with all the slaw glory.  I love po boys!  I enjoyed the deep fried goodness of the oyster with the slaw a bam of hot sauce.  bam bam!
4.  Jambalaya with chicken, sausage and shrimp - fluffy flavorful rice 
5.  Etouffee - a cross between a roast and a gumbo.  Gravylicious

Dessert!
1.  Louisiana chocolate sheath cake - the cake was very light but every bite was a chocolate dream.  We made it a la mode with praline icecream and it was perfect!
2.  Bananas Foster - loved the flavor, but hated the mushiness.  I've had others where it was not so mushy.

Conclusion:  All the flavors were excellent.  One southern style food restaurant under my belt.  Woot.  

p.s.  Keep in mind portion sizes are more realistic rather than humongous American portions sizes.  Expect well prepared food vs.  over compensation with size.
I would have never known about this place if not for the internet (lolaslasvegas.com).  This tiny little restaurant is very charming.  I loved the New Orleans music, but I wish it had been a little more boisterous to add to the atmosphere.  I went for lunch on a Friday and by noon the place was PACKED.  Service was still great though, because there were plenty of servers on the floor.

I was able to try a few things on the menu - the gumbo, BBQ shrimp and crabcakes were pretty good but the bronzed catfish was the absolute highlight for me.  The fish was packed with flavor and the texture was like butter.  Portions were small on this entree but the quality was amazing.  The bread they served with the meal was light as air.

The sandwiches on the menu are under $10 and have pretty big portions.  The crawpuppies were also very tasty.  I cannot wait to go back!
Eaten here a few more times. Very tasty food. The sandwiches are ok but my least favorite however the other entrees are EXCELLENT. When I was there Lola introduced herself and eagerly listened to any feedback.  Like everyone said before the bread pudding is finger licken good.
Lola's is a friendly little Louisiana kitchen that resides in the old Holsum bread factory off the 95 and Charleston. My husband and I and I eagerly anticipated dining at this restaurant long before it opened since it is close to home and we were regulars at the restaurants of the two previous occupants, The Grill (miss those salads) and Bistro Divino (miss those pine nut cookies). I hope the third time is a charm for this location since Vegas is missing good Southern cuisine and because the owner, Lola (AKA Beth), is as sweet as the splendid sugary yams you may have the privilege of enjoying if she happens to have some on hand or if you specially order them.

I think this was our 8th or 9th time dining here since it opened last year, and although everything is pretty good, we tend to stick with our favorites. To start we had the craw puppies ($5.99), deep fried morsels of crawfish and cornmeal batter served with an addictively spicy aoli. These are a wonderful way to start the meal and a unique creation of this particular restaurant. For my entree I ordered the shrimp remoulade salad ($8.99), which is the simplest and healthiest dish on the menu, but perhaps also the most underrated. It consists of plenty of perfectly poached shrimp served on a bed of romaine lettuce, accompanied by tomatoes, quartered hard-boiled egg, and lemon wedges (be sure to squeeze them over the shrimp for the proper acidic component). The remoulade dressing made with whole grain mustard and mayonnaise really makes the dish stand out, and the salad is a refreshing antidote to the heavier items that pervade the menu. Ian got the bronzed catfish with grits ($14.99), that he always opts to have blackened rather than the aforementioned bronzed preparation. It is wonderful when you can have catfish that actually tastes good, and Lola's does an excellent job. Ian tends to douse it in the Louisiana Gold hot sauce (the real deal), but it is certainly delicious on its own. The plate hits on all cylinders, and the only change that could be made would be the addition of a bit more cheese in the grits to add some saltiness.

Even though I didn't get it this time, I would also suggest the rich and flavorful gumbo, properly prepared with a dark roux and plenty of sausage and seafood. It's a cup of Southern goodness, though you might want to ask for it extra hot since sometimes is doesn't come out the way I personally prefer which is best described as "burn the roof of your mouth off hot." The baked oyster appetizer is another hit, and please don't forget to ask about those caramelized and gooey yams to round out the meal. The Purple Haze Abita beer ($4.25) is also a must to complete the experience. On the downside, I haven't been too impressed with the po-boys as they are heavy on the bread and the steak wasn't too well-received by Ian's best friend and fellow chef Jason. Boiled crawfish are now temporarily offered on the menu, however, which I anticipate will be terrific and look forward to trying next time so I can compare them to Hot n' Juicy Crawish.

It is evident from your first visit that Lola's serves up authentic Louisiana fare prepared with love and a genuine desire to make bellies happy. Although the food is not as refined as that of the late Commander's Palace where Ian used to work, you can certainly imagine it coming out of your grandmother's fragrant kitchen, should she happen to be from New Orleans. The yummy food, homey atmosphere of the restaurant, and Beth's smiling face keep us coming back time and again, and I hope we don't see any more restaurants in this space.
OMG this place is to die for! I researched a place to have dinner off the strip prior to our couple's getaway in Jan. 2010. EVERYTHING we ordered was FABULOUS! From the crab cakes to dessert. SO, SO good. Good service too.
I'm a huge sucker for Cajun food. It's a little disheartening that they seem a bit scarce in Vegas. But, thanks to Yelp, I was able to discover this place.

I went here for a late dinner. The location is a bit hidden. It's a hard place to spot since most eyes look to the Holsum Bread factory when driving by. The entire place has this sort of local groove that I feel in the atmosphere. The entrance is left open to the patio, with a clear view of the downtown lights in sight. Sets a real good casual mood to accompany the meal.

I ended up ordering the bronzed catfish and grits, while the person I was with ordered the crab cake dinner. Portions are definitely not as heavy as you'd expect from Cajun food, to which I'm used to getting immense servings. I guess the focus is more reliant on quality than on quantity; which was definitely shown here.

-Bronzed catfish & grits: I absolutely loved this meal. The catfish in itself very tender, succulent and flavorful. The grits that accompanied the fish were outstanding. They were made with a smoked gouda cheese, which added an awesome twist to usual grits that I'm used to. I could see me coming back here just for this dish. The meal left me trying to clean my plate off with my spoon to get every drop out of it.

-Crab cake dinner: These crab cakes are served on top of some greens. Seemed more like a salad type of deal. After I swooped in to steal a sample from my brother's plate, I noticed a unique sweet flavor to the crab cakes.  Also worth noting is that these cakes are very crab heavy. They don't skimp you in the amount of crab they put into each cake. This looked like a very light dish though. Not something I would order if I was hungry.

-Bananas Foster: I wasn't a huge fan of this dessert. It didn't really stand out to me. I should have ordered the bread pudding, like most people recommended on here.


All in all, I was really impressed with Lola's. I do see myself coming back here for my local Cajun fix. Consider myself a new fan.
Lola, Lola, Lola ...

After a dinner of craw puppies, red beans and rice, bread pudding, gumbo, etouffee and other assorted goodies, we felt that we pretty much covered all the essential dishes to form a fair opinion of this little restaurant tucked away in the former Holsum Bread factory off West Charleston Blvd.  

Sadly, we left somewhat disappointed.

Service was mixed, with repeated reminders for water and missing items in the preparation of a chicken sandwich.  While we were warmly greeted when we arrived, the spotty service distracted from the overall experience.  We were seated outdoors and while the weather was mild, overlooking I-15, a dirt lot and roaring traffic on West Charleston Blvd was far from tranquil.

We had mixed reviews on the food preparation as well.  While I could not replicate any of the dishes and all the credit is well deserved for chef, the dishes, other than the etouffee with crawfish, were lackluster, including the desserts, given other cajun restaurants we've dined in.  The craw puppies, while inventive, were overly salty.  The gumbo lacked the consistency that gumbo generally has, unless this was a West Coast version - think "thin.

Lola's does foot the bill if you're looking for a local, off the strip meal at affordable costs, however, our experience left us hungry.
Cajun Food was Googled for Las Vegas and this is the Restaurant we found.  I am very glad that we went there  for our Monday night YELP dinner.    Charbroiled Oysters and Crab & Artichoke dip was ordered for an appetizer, all was delicious.  There was huge chunks  of Crab in the Crab & Artichoke Dip, Yummy!  For Entrees we ordered Shrimp Charlotte, A Fish Combo Meal which included Catfish, Fried Oysters, Fried Shrimp & a Cajun Crab Cake, Chicken & Sausage Jambalaya, and a 3 lb order of Crawfish.    Since this was our first time eating Cajun we had no idea how to properly eat Crawfish.  Lola came out, introduced herself and was very helpful in showing us the Best way to enjoy our meal.  She was very pleasant and greeted everyone at their tables.  We passed on dessert this night due to over eating but were told that the desserts were well worth it.  When we go back, we will leave room for dessert.  Two glasses of wine and two beers were ordered and our total bill was $123.00.  Give this restaurant a try, everything was delicious and  the service and music was good.
Being a big fan of Cajun and Creole food and having eaten at many of the fine and casual restaurants of this genre in Louisiana and Las Vegas (many Louisiana expats. in Vegas bring their cuisine to Vegas), and furthermore being a fan of any effort to invigorate and revitalize downtown Las Vegas, I gave Lola's a try based on some pretty good reviews from friends and family.  

Friends and family had noted that Lola's best items were in things like the Jambalaya, craw puppies, Etoufee and things like Po' Boys were nothing too remarkable.

Knowing this, for lunch, I shared the craw puppies with a friend, and had the Jambalaya.  Crawpuppies were ok, but unfortunately didn't stand out too much for me.

Jambalaya was not quite as good as I had hoped - it was a bit soggy/mushy/overly moist and undercooked and was a bit clumpy as opposed to the rice grains standing on their own, and didn't have this nice crust some Jamabalaya comes with from the well cooked rice (a hallmark of Paella as well).  Had to add quite a bit of seasoning to the Jambalaya as well, as it was underseasoned in my assessment.

I really hope Lola's can make it happen at this location.  Based on other reviews here of Lola's which are generally pretty good, perhaps my experience is unusual, and I will likely try Lola's again to give it another chance.  This is a great location, particularly with the RTC, County Government Center, City Hall, UMC/Hospitals/Medical Offices, Arts District, UNLV Shadow Lane Campus and many courts and law offices in the area - and a mid level good restaurant should do well.  Past history at this location (Bistro Divino, the deli - both pretty good) did not yield success - I hope Lola's can turn this around.
Location: Everyone knows where it is but probably hasn't ever been there lol.
Restaurant: Classy
Service: Two Thumbs Up!
Eats: Charbroiled Oysters, Shrimp Etoufee, 1lb of Crawfish, Oyster Po Boy.
Drinks: Diet Sprite & Purple Haze

We're in LOVE!!!

Location: We drove up and the first thing that I saw were the bright neon lights to the Holsum Bakery Sign and there she was, just after the eye piercing neons... Lola's.

Restaurant: She wasn't hard to find, sits at the 15 & Charleston. It's a very quiet parking lot but as soon as your start walking towards the restaurant, you notice the people sitting outside and a faint sound of some Jazz music coming from the inside of the restaurant, which, um, we like, like a lot! Ok, Valley Girl moment gone.

Our visit was on a late Friday night, 8:30ish, we had made reservations but we didn't really need them, this visit, as we were seated right away. The restaurant is still young and fresh, they just opened in October but I have a feeling that once people start finding out about them, reservations may be mandatory because they sure do put some yummies in your tummies! Our friend that was with us mentioned that a lot of his co-workers eat there for lunch and it does get pretty busy during that time, so, heads up, make a reservation.

Fleur-de-lis. Saints. Mardi Gras Beads. Umbrellas on the ceiling.  Jazz music, I hearts. I've never been to NOLA, I've only been exposed to anything NOLA by my Uncle, either by telling us stories about and such but they sure are representing anything and everything New Orleans in there that it makes me feel like I'm there! Very welcoming. Atmosphere, A+++

Service: Quentin was our server. Very sweet gal and on top of everything! Refills and everything without asking and very knowledable when it came to the menu. There's nothing worse than a server that's clueless about what they're serving and we did not have an experience close to resembling that, awesome job!

The Yummies: We shared the Charbroiled Oysters, I had the Etoufee with Purple Haze and bites of the Hubster's food, the Po Boy and Crawfish with a Diet Sprite. There is not one complaint about the flavor of the food! Everything they brought out had great presentation and tasted great. I loved that with the Crawfish, they gave us a bucket, unlike a  local restaurant that has you throw it on your table just to have the juices spill all over your lap, yum. It was the first time that I tried Purple Haze beer, it's a wheat beer, the haze, with a hint of rasberry, the purple and it was quite yummy, so much so that I ordered 2 :). 

A friend of ours ordered the catfish and bread pudding and he enjoyed it. In fact, when the bread pudding came out, he took a bite and his eyes rolled to the back of his head,... I'm pretty sure he liked it :D

As we were eating dinner, we were approched by a woman with a pretty smile, a Fleur-de-lis hanging from each ear and introduced herself, it was Lola! She was so nice and we chit chatted for a little bit and even took a photo with her :)

During dinner, my husband turned to me and said "This is the flavor that I've been looking for!" I completely agreed with him, everything was spot on. Yea, we'll be back.
This place has changed hands and incarnations so many times.  Currently, it's a Louisiana-inspired place.  Tasty food, but pretty pricey for lunch.  I don't think I will be going there again unless someone else is picking up the tab.
Good food, pleasant atmosphere. Highly recommend
Lola's is worth the drive from wherever you are in Vegas. The atmosphere is fantastic, the food is the best Cajun in Nevada, the staff is excellent, ask for Shane! Have the orange bowl salad, the crawpuppies, the crabcakes, the bronzed catfish and grits, or the blackened catfish poboy!! You will leave happy and making plans to return! In the heart if the art district a fine dining restuarant like this is long overdue!
After taking 3 friends to see Sandy Hackett's Rat Pack Show at the Sahara, I passed on the chance to have them buy a buffet dinner at Paris Las Vegas.  Instead, I was off to Lola's in search of some Cajun cuisine and I got it!

I started out with the craw puppies, followed this with the bronzed cat fish with smoked gouda grits and andouille sausage,.  Finally, I had bread pudding for dessert.

Everything was excellent.  Service was a delight, the restaurant is small and quite comfortable, and the food was delicious.  I saved some of my garlic bread to soak up the spicy juices left in the bowl after I finished the cat fish and grits.  I thought it would be unseemly to lick the bowl clean.

Lola came to the table and introduced herself.  She was wearing a Saints blouse.  She's quite a lovely woman.

I will be back!
i was extended to eat  here when i first walked in i notice that the restaurant was  small but  i really liked the atmosphere and the look of the restaurant  the food  was good and they had really good deserts and i also  liked the service  it's a good family owned business i will definitely be back.
I absolutely enjoyed my night at Lola's Kitchen.  It was first Friday's so I knew there was going to be a blues jazz band playing during dinner.  The band definitely sets the ambiance for a nice moonlit dinner on the restaurant's outdoor patio.  It was quite warm, but a nice cold beer definitely fixed that factor.  The blues jazz band was amazing, and was a super plus to the environment, and the fabulous food.

For appetizers, the love and I had craw puppies and a dozen charbroiled oysters.  The craw puppeies is an awesome creation and is so good!  Crispy on the outside, and yummy on the inside.  Perfect sauce to go with it too.  The charbroiled oysters are really good too.  Just the right amount of flavor, and the right amount of cooking.  I will definitely order both the next time I come which is first Friday of October! :)

For entrees, my boyfriend had the Shrimp Jambalaya, and I had the famous Catfish and Grits.  OH-EM-GEE!  The super kind waitress told us that this was Lola's signature dish and my oh my she was NOT kidding.  I love fish, but this fish was so flavorful, and the bed of grits it lay on was perfect!  The sauce...amazing!  There were mushrooms and sausage that lay in the sauce too....perfect combination.  All together, it was an amazing dish!  If you come here, the Catfish and Grits is a definite must try.  My boyfriend's Shrimp Jambalaya was just as flavorful.  He enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed my dish.  

For dessert, we had the banana foster.  To admit, the presentation wasn't all that great, but it tasted wonderful.  I love bananas, so it was a defitnite cherry on top to my awesome dinner.  

We are definitely coming back again!  Great date night if eating on the patio, great place to get cozy with friends, or just come for really good food in a good vibe type atmosphere!  2 thumbs up Lola!!!! Love it!
It really pays to get off the Strip!

My wife & I boarded the Gold Line bus for the ride into what's called the Arts District of Vegas. The walk from the bus stop to Lola's at night seemed a bit scary but, in the end, wasn't that far. Boy, was Lola's worth the walk.

We started with the flame-broiled oysters and fresh sweet bread. What a combo. I could have eaten a dozen but we kept it to a half dozen so we had room for e rest of e meal.

For my entree, I enjoyed the Trout Meniere Almondine - fried fish at it's finest, moist and perfectly cooked. My wife loved the Ebony Catfish over grits with a yummy sauce studded with Andouille sausage.

Save room for dessert because they are all made in-house. We shared a huge portion of Bananas Foster with ice cream. The bananas were perfectly caramelized.

Take a break from the  madness called The Strip. Do yourself a favor and check out Lolas.

BTW,  there IS a Lola. She came out of the kitchen to introduce herself. What a sweet person, as are the rest of the staff.
Every meal I have had from here is great.  Even when I am not in the mood for a big meal.  Their side dishes are plenty yummy.  I am a fan of their potato salad.
I knew I would love Lola's before I ever even visited - it's locally-owned, non-chain, downtown, and serves Cajun food! 
However, the food was a real disappointment. The fried oysters were super fishy and the texture of the actual oysters was almost kinda crumbly. Weird, but I'll let that go because maybe all fried oysters are like that?? I had coleslaw on the side which seemed to just be shreds of cabbage with none of the mayonnaise-y sauce. Seriously none and I'm not even a big mayonnaise-y sauce fan. Maybe they made a mistake back in the kitchen when they were mixing up the coleslaw and forgot to put the rest of the ingredients in? Sweet potato fries were decent. My friend got the jambalaya, and it had a weird texture, too. I only had one bite of it, but she didn't have much more.
The prices are another strike - actually they're not bad at all for dinner, but I would have really appreciated a lunch special since we were there for lunch. It came out to over $20 each with our meal, a soda, and tip.
Overall, I'd give it 1 star, but I so want to love a local place downtown with a cute patio that I'm giving it 3 for now and hope to go back to try some of the other dishes (gumbo seems to be popular?).
Suprisingly pleased with this spot.  As a southerner, 2 hours from LA, I have higher expectations of cajun food than others.  E.g Hot & Juicy would be slightly above average compared to what you can get in the South when looking at quality and price.  But everything is relative to where you live, so this place really stands out for cajun/louisina food.

 I ordered the Crawfish Etoufee and cup of Gumbo.  The Etoufee was well seasoned and spiced.  I liked the bread they served with the Etoufee to mop up all the juice.  The gumbo could have used a little more kick.  

Next time I'll be sure to try the charbroiled oysters, soft shell crab, bronzed catfish n grits, and the new orleans style bbq shrimp.

Please bring BBQ crabs - they are so  damm good!
Here's the thinking for my stars:  Based on my food, I would have given this one star, but my wife's blackened shrimp and grits earned them another star.   The price cancelled out the star i would have given for the staff.

My jambalaya was like an overcooked paste.  The flavor wasn't horrible, but i didn't think it was any better than a boxed version.

My wife did end up liking her shrimp and grits, but she didn't really like it at first and it had to grow on her.  I thought the shrimp was overdone and tough myself.  The gouda grits were surprisingly good, and I don't normally like grits.

Overall, it was very, very average.  Then the bill came.  $20 a person is too much to spend for such mediocrity... And i was actually still a little hungry.
If entrees with grits are gold, then entrees with grits, gouda, sausage, and catfish are platinum. With all its bling, Lola's is pretty pimp.

Thanks to Michele E. and fellow Yelpers who suggested the bronzed catfish and craw puppies. Those two dishes attracted me back to Lola's for a second time and will certainly get me back for a third.  Even though I've never been to New Orleans, I agree with Blair B. who described the Po Boy as a little small. It's short on shrimp. Split in two,it yielded 4" halves that contained two shrimp each. More shrimp would set it off.

Lola's also offers great service, a tasty selection of beers and wine (at affordable prices), and a fun atmosphere. Saturday nights are particularly fun because of the live band.
We showed up a half hour early, and they were already closing down for the night. However, after the waitstaff checked with the kitchen they decided to serve us during business hours. The service was good, and the beer selection rocked. My friends both ordered the jambalaya, and we were all disappointed. I've made better, and I'm not much of a cook. I ordered the catfish and grits, which was very tasty (especially the grits). I was looking forward to desert during the whole meal. We ordered three items, but were not impressed with any of them. That's how I came to three stars. I will give it another try, since there's a serious lack of mom and pop restaurants in Vegas.
Went here with my wife for dinner about three months ago. The food was good, not great. We shared the crawpuppies which were tasty but a little over-cooked. My wife got the bronzed catfish and grits. The grits were really good, but I didn't care for the catfish. I had the jambalaya which was fine, though the rice was a little mushy.
Time to get off the strip and go to a normal restaurant and what a restaurant! I had the Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya  and it was AWESOME!! My girlfriend had the New Orleans Style BBQ Shrimp and they were incredible too!! Overall a REALLY good, off the strip, real world dinner!!!
Best cajun restaurant in vegas!    I went after shopping at the fashion outlet down the road.  I had a hard time deciding what to order because every item on the menu looked interesting.  Crab cakes were delicious and meaty.  The jambalaya was good and flavorful.  The Shrimp Charlotte was good but the noodles tasted and even smelled like instant ramen.  Wierd.  Overall, I had a very good experience.  The extra friendly waiter was more than helpful.  Hopefully they'll have happy hour soon so I can sample more of their menu.
Small and cozy, this place has a great comfortable atmosphere, excellent service and all of the food just matches as well.  Fried shrimp PoBoy, roast beef debris as well, Gumbo is fantastic, bananna pudding like my mom made, and of course Lola herself to round it out.  GO THERE you won't regret it!
Perfect portion sizes, awesome fresh tasting sweet potato fries and the lightest most delicious grits since I was in NOLA! Yum:)

it looks like it connects to a exhibit/museum next door- more to explore when i return. because i will!
My wife's from New Orleans and she absolutely loves the food here. She says it reminds her of home. The staff us extremely friendly and it was a quite, comfy atmosphere. The first Friday every month they also have live music.
Gonna keep this short and simple...tried to go out for First Friday earlier this month since we just moved to our downtown loft..but it was WAY too cold. Decided pretty late we wanted to give Lola's a try.

It was bout 9pm when we got there, it was still pretty packed so ended up sitting close to the bar.  Got some sweet teas, which were perfect, not too sweet.  Started with the craw puppies- they were okay, moist inside with a hint of crawfish flavor.

I got a salad and can't remember the name of it but it had shrimp and a roumelade sauce. Obviously it was not all that since I can't recall the dish...

The mister had the shrimp and grits- he liked it but wished he had more grits.  I tried his dish and I actually LOVED it, had great flavor but portion was a little small for the price.  I happend to agree that at least it should've had more grits.

Overall, a success and we will be back to try the other items!
We discovered Lola's by word of mouth. Oh my goodness...it lives up to the hype. My man and I had the sweet tea (my favorite type of tea!) and started off with the crab cake with lemon aioli (I think). It was yummy and sinful. Next we ventured into the po' boy section of the menu. SO TASTY! I had the one with pot roast and he had the fried shrimp. I definitely recommend that you get them dressed (with mayo and tartar sauce). Its out of this world. Lastly, we finished up the meal with bread pudding with Chantilly cream. It was heavenly.

Overall Lola's was awesome. The service is very friendly and the food is dynamite. The only reason its not getting 5 stars is because they close too early and I always miss them. Oh well...such is life.
This place is amazing! We went to check out the art district and figured we would check out Lola's as we have heard a lot about it.
When you walk in it is very cozy and friendly. The staff is also a plus. 
We had the craw puppies and a crab cake for starters. Both were really good. The craw puppies are their take on a hush puppy but so much better. Little fried craw fish balls of delight. The crab cakes at this place are so good and might I add that Lola is very generous with the amounts of real crab meat. It came out on a bed of greens with aioli drizzled on the top.
For dinner, I tried the signature cat fish and grits and my friend had the blackened shrimp po-boy. The fish and grits were very good with pieces of sausage and mushroom in the sauce. My friend loved the po-boy and thought it was just the right size. The sweet potato fries were really good and even better with a side of the secret craw puppy dip.
We were so full but had to try dessert anyway. We share the bread pudding and bananas foster. BEST BREAD PUDDING I have ever eaten and I have tried a lot all over the country. It comes out nice and hot with a side of whipped cream. The bananas foster was a hit too. The presentation wasn't a five star but the taste was a ten.
After we finished and were ready to go, Lola herself came out to see us. I have to saw that I was shocked that the owner took time away from the kitchen to see how they did. She is a sweet lady and very hospitable covered in Saints gear.

I will be back to Lola's many times. The food was great and the service was just as good!
Was invited to a group dinner of 6 on Saturday, January 29th:

This was my first visit.  The atmosphere was quaint and quiet.

The server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  I ordered the New Orleans Style BBQ Shrimp.  Before ordering, the server made sure that I understood what I was ordering.  He excitedly described the dish and I was sold, along with another member of our party.

The meal arrived and looked great.  Five large shrimp, U-20's I think, on top a bed of rice, soaked with the spicy Cajun style sauce that the shrimp were slow cooked in.  Cayenne pepper was on the rim of the plate that immediately cleared my sinuses. 

I ate with delight, took some bread from my girlfriend's catfish po-boy (which was also delicious) and mopped up the sauce.  The meal was delicious and not overwhelmingly filling.

One of our party members ordered the bread pudding for dessert.  I tried a bite and it was fantastic.

Will definitely be back and recommend to many.
Wow, what a find!  My coworker spotted this place on Yelp and convinced a few of us to go.

My cab driver had some trouble finding the place, until he noticed it was right next to the bread factory:  "Ohhh well you didn't tell me it was next to the bread factory!  If you had said it was right next to the bread factory, i would have known exactly where it was. Next time you should mention that it's next to the bread factory."  Note to self: next time, tell the cab driver it's next to the bread factory.

The meal was absolutely delicious and about half the price of a much crappier meal on the strip.  Gumbo - delicious.  Blackened catfish with grits - unbelievably delicious.  Bananas foster dessert - delicious.

The waiter was super-friendly and Lola herself came out from the kitchen to say goodbye when we left!

This place is truly a diamond in the rough.  I mean that literally -- I think we passed 5 different bail bonds companies and LIVE NUDE GIRLS clubs on the way to the restaurant from the main strip. In any case, I'm not kidding when I say that I plan to visit this restaurant every time I visit Las Vegas from now on.

Thanks Lola for giving me something to look forward to on my next visit!!
My girlfriend and I went to Lola's a few nights ago about 8 p.m.; they close at p.m. Mon-Thursday 10 on Fridays. It was a nice little restaurant with a nice Louisiana / New Orleans atmosphere. I really liked showing up around then, the restaurant had a few others dining in it so overall it was a great quiet dinner with my girl. I ordered a "Fat Tire" beer and she ordered a Riesling, which was a very good wine. 

We Decided on an appetizer of "Hot Crab and Artichoke Dip" served with bagel chips was I thought at first lacking in seasoning, namely pepper, but I let it go and come to find and enjoy the subtly of the flavors we ended up really enjoying this dish.

For an entrée I ordered there "Shrimp and Grits" which were served with smoked Gouda grits and Andouille sausage and mushroom ragout. I have to admit I have never had better grits in my life and I like grits. Eating the grits with some shrimp and sausage all together gave a really great flavor. I used some of the toasted bread they serve to sop up the sauce... Nom Nommy Nom Noms!

My girlfriend ordered the "Shrimp Étouffée" which was also very tasty though I have to say we both loved the shrimp and grits better and she was very envious of my choice. My girlfriend happens to be a "grits Nazi" and she even said they were up there in her book. ~Grins~

To end the meal we shared "Lola's Famous Bread Pudding" and well... It must be this bread pudding rocked. I love bread pudding. It has a nice firm yet moist consistency through and through not like the stuff you get at casinos where the bottoms all soggy and scrambled at the same time. It came covered in a nice rum praline sauce that was just right. The bread pudding part of it had no raisins or chocolate etc... jammed into it, which it to speak for itself and we really enjoyed that.

The server was very nice and fast and it was really nice that the owner and chef "Beth Pokorny" (I looked her name up online) came out to ask us how our meals were and if we were enjoying ourselves. You just do not see this much these days.

Our bill was not bad for everything we enjoyed and overall I think we have a new favorite place in Las Vegas. We will definitely be going there again for my girl's birthday next month and if you have not tried Lola's I would sincerely recommend you give it a try.
In Vegas there's so many restaurants to choose from. But because of my fellow Yelpers we gave this highly rated spot a try. We were blown away that the food was so good and the spices was so close to New Orleans Style. For starters, we had the crab cake and the craw puppies. Unfortunately, you only get one crab cake. Then ordered the BBQ shrimp and the shrimp creole which had just the right seasoning. Food was delicious but could increase the portions. The atmosphere is nice and waitress was nice. I recommend getting there when they're opening. It gets crowded fast with the people who work in the area.
The food here is amazing!  I fell in love with the New Orleans Style BBQ Shrimp.  My group and I had the Crab Cake, Crab and Artichoke Dip, Crawpuppies, Sweet Potato Fries and Bread Pudding.  All were excellent.  If you love Cajun food go here.
Shrimp and grits with andouille sausage and mushroom ragout was out of this world. This was the best meal I've had since moving to Vegas.

The atmosphere was great - very relaxed and friendly. A band was playing out front masking the traffic sounds with authentic New Orleans brass. Our waiter inside was super friendly, relatable, and attentive. 

They serve a tasty local Louisiana brew, Abita SOS (Save Our Shore), which is a "Charitable Fund" that will assist with the rescue and restoration of the environment, industry and individuals fighting to survive the disastrous Gulf Coast oil spill.
Tonight was special. I actually got of work early enough where me and my man could stop in to Lola's for a much needed po' boy fix. Christopher took great care of us and treated us like we were guests in his own home. We ordered 2 Abitas (I love their Purple Haze...great chick beer), Crawpuppies (little fried corn meal balls with shredded crawfish mixed in with some sort of dijon lemon aioli on the side), a fried shrimp po' boy and a beef pot roast po' boy (both "dressed" of course and with a side of sweet potato fries for me and regular fries for my man). It was like heaven on a roll...so perfectly cooked and melting in my mouth. I also asked for a side of honey mustard for the sweet potato fries which made it that much better. I noticed that they had Apple Bread Pudding as a special and I so desperately wanted to try it (having sampled the regular bread pudding with Chantilly cream...I knew it would be out of this world...plus my man like all things apple for dessert) but our stomachs wouldn't allow it. Bummer. Will have to make a special trip just for dessert (bread pudding and bananas foster).
I went to Lola's while I was on a business trip in Vegas.  Bottom line, very mediocre compared to most cajun restaurants in Southern Louisiana.  I had the blackened chicken with vegetables and my  colleagues had the catfish.  The concept is nice, but the food definitely not indicative of what makes SoLA or New Orleans famous.  Just doesn't have the sophistication of culinary artistry or taste that I expected.  Keep on trying, though.
My fiancé came here 2 weeks ago while he was in Vegas and he can't stop talking about the fried shrimp po'boy, the blackened shrimp po'boy and the bananas foster. We'll be in Vegas next weekend, so I can't wait to try the food for myself. My family is from New Orleans, so I'm keeping my fingers crossed that Lola's hits the spot. I'll be back to update my review.
Hot n juicy what? Crab corner who?  That's what u will be asking yourself after tasting Lola's crawfish. Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned

So after we went zip lining at Freemont Street this afternoon, we were HONGRY...As we pass by a sign indicating that Lola's have Louisiana Style boiled crawfish, Friday and Saturday, I quickly yelped Lola's. Called and learned that 200lbs of live crawfish is flown in to be boiled for perfection. Sounds good to us so we made a U-turn.  

When we walked into this little restaurant, we immediately feel as if though we were somewhere in Louisiana.  The decor was mardi gras-ish.  We looked at the menu and saw that 5lbs of crawfish, w/potato and corn for $41.99.  That sounds pretty awesome but we played it safe and ordered 1lb to see if it meets our expectation prior to going for the big bang.  After 5 mins or so, our 1lb of crawfish along with a corn on the cob and a cute little potato came out.  We each grabbed a crawfish...it smelled right...snap off the tail and peeled off the shell, took a bite and WOW.  The meat was tender and juicy, was seasoned perfectly.  They were not drenched in oil and/or butter like the competition.  No need for any condiment.  Lola made it right.  We then quickly flagged our waiter down and politely asked if we may take advantage of the 5lbs deal by adding another 4lbs to the order.  He asked Lola and she was so awesome to allow it.  10 mins later, Lola brought out the 4lbs of crawfish to us herself.  She is such a wonderful and funny lady owner.  And, best of all, she knows how to make delicious crawfish.  

We also ordered a dozen wings with fries.  We liked them naked fried so we asked the waiter beforehand if they were battered fried or naked fried.  He responded that they are naked fried.  WRONG!  They came out battered fried.  BOOOOOO.  But the flavor was there so we let it go.  We learned that our waiter has only been there for 2 weeks so it's ok.  The crawfish was so tasty that it didn't matter.

To end this wonderful lunch at Lola's, we   ordered the bread pudding.  It was warm and moist, with a hint of Mr. Jim Bean secret concoction.  YUM.

It has been hard for us to find a place that makes crawfish like how we remembered it to be in the South.  All the other items on the menu looks delicious, but we can't find ourselves ordering anything other than crawfish!  As soon as crawfish season is over, we will delve into the other menu items, like the red bean and rice, jambalaya, and so many more...

If you love crawfish, this place is a must. You will not be disappointed.
I was fortunate to get off work early a couple of nights ago...and much to my surprise...my man got off at the same time. Hooray...impromptu date night. He suggested Grind burger but I wanted a po' boy from Lola's. He enthusiastically agreed and off we went. 

We arrive to a not very crowded restaurant so we were worried that they were closing soon (I have a no showing up 30 minutes prior to closing rule....it just works out better for all involved). They welcomed us with open arms willing to feed two very hungry people. 

Our server was very sweet and attentive (for the life of me I can't remember his name....shame on me...I do remember he wore glasses). We ordered our usual Abita beers (my man got an amber ale and I opted for the purple haze), crab cake appetizer with lemon garlic aioli, a fried shrimp po' boy and a roast beef debris po' boy (both dressed of course). As for side dishes...sweet potato fries were on my mind (be sure to ask for a side of honey mustard dressing...just makes the fries so much tastier...if that's possible). 

It was so yummy and just what the doctor ordered. There was very little conversation and lots of masticating (I LOVE that word). We were too full and tired for dessert....but we left very happy campers. We will be back soon :)
This place is quite charming, considering its location-vegas. I had the fettucine b/c I'd just returned from a daunting trip and was hungry as a cow... it was great. 

I also tried a few crawfish for the first time: they were good, but not as good as shrimp and not worth the work. Crab cakes: fantastic! I expected more seasoned hotness from Louisiana food, but a complex flavor was definitely there. 

I'll be back to try the salmon. The menu was decently priced and creative. It seems like a great place to eat (and drink) outside(are they BYOB?). I'll be back. 

Service was amazing!
Fantastic food and service!  The catfish was amazing and be sure to try the bread pudding for dessert!  Our server Frank was top notch, very attentive and his menu recommendations were spot on!  This restaurant is a true jewel of the Las Vegas cuisine scene.  Check it out today!
Everything was great on our first visit last night, and we fully intend to return soon and dine again... it was very hard to select what we wanted from the menu, so much in competition for our top choices... 

Our server, Frank, was very helpful, friendly, personable... made for a great evening out.
I was pretty excited when a friend invited me to check out Lola's for their crawfish. This was my first crawfish boil and it certainly lived up to it's expectations.

It was nice out that day and Lola's had a nice little patio to dine but I wanted to experience the whole Louisiana ambiance so we decided to dine inside. The decor had a new Orleans theme going on but the one thing that caught my eye were the vibrant paintings. You can certainly tell that the owner shows a lot pride and passion form where she is from through the decor.

So let's get to the nitty gritty "THE FOOD". I was disappointed at their beer selection. They had the typical Budwiser, millers, etc. But they only had two Abita beer selections and for those beer lovers Abita is brewed in Louisiana. Although they had only two, much props for having the SOS (save our shore) which was brewed as a charitable beer for the most recent oil spill in the gulf. This again reflected the owners passion to her home town. We went there for the crawfish so we ordered the 5 lb special and after seeing it come out it was well worth the 41.99 price. There were only two of us and the 5 lbs would be good for 4 people. It was time to get in "caveman" mode, took the first crawfish ripped off the head and sucked it's delicious juices. The seasoning was perfect, there was a little kick to it but not too spicy where it overwhelms your palette. The tail meat was sweet, with the taste of shrimp and the texture of lobster. "Crawfish the poor mans lobster". I didn't care much for the claws so I kindly shared them with my friend who had more patience cracking them open. I skipped on the potatoes and corn that came with the boil because I just couldn't stop eating the crawfish.

Overall my first crawfish boil experience was a very good one and plan to come back to try Lola's other dishes. So if your from Louisiana and live in Vegas, I'm sure you'll feel a little closer to home when you eat at Lola's.
I love the name Lola.  If I could convince my husband to name one of our way-down-the-line, future children, Lola, I would.  Not because of this restaurant, but because I like the name.  And I like the song.

But I digress.

While me and the hubs were leaving the outlet mall after working up an appetite from shopping, we were at a loss for where to go to lunch.  As we are at the stop light in front of Lola's, which is located next to that old Holsum Bakery (you've seen it- bright neon lights on Charleston, with a large clock), I made a fast turn into the parking lot.

We walked into Lola's and its a very small, quaint little place that has that has that feel of "this could be either really good or really bad".  Luckily for us, it was good!

Our waiter, totally forgot his name (Frankie?) was really nice and gave us plenty of time to decide what we wanted.

We decided to share a crab cake appetizer and the Bronzed Catfish and Grits.  Me, being from the Midwest, I've never had grits and was very excited to try them!

On the menu, it says there is a $5 charge for sharing, but it's just there to discourage people from doing that all the time, so there really isn't a charge- hooray!

OMG- the Bronzed Catfish & Grits- Fresh bronzed Catfish served over Smoked Gouda Grits with an Andouille Sausage and Mushroom Ragout.  Totally DELISH!  WOW!  

The seasonings on the catfish will blow you away- perfect amount, just a tiny bit of spice (if you don't like spicy, you will love this as there isn't really any spice at all), cooked flaky.  The grits, ohhh man, the grits.  These gouda grits are so yummy!  creamy and have great flavor!  I don't like sausage (hey- get that 6th grade humor outta here! ;) ) but this was very good.  However, I don't remember a mushroom ragout... maybe it was mixed in?

I would layer my fork with catfish, grits & sausage and smile as i was chewing, it was that good.

The crab cake appetizer was good, but unfortunate for us, we asked for it to come out with the catfish & grits and the catfish & grits totally took over and we ignored the crab cake.

We would love to come back and try the crawfish... we hear Friday's are the day to enjoy them!

We will be back... L-L-Lola, L-L-Lola!
NOTE: Consider this a 3.5-star review. I just didn't have the option on Yelp.

Overall, a fine meal with a couple of small hiccups. The waitress did her part, keeping a close eye on the table before my wife arrives, bringing drinks, offering appetizers, the whole nine. We sat outside and enjoyed the rare perfect Vegas weather, one of two tables out there for a late lunch. That's only important because I think the kitchen took way too long under the circumstances.

We both ordered po' boys - me the roast beef debris ($9) and she the blackened catfish ($11.) For a couple of simple sandwiches, the kitchen was really slow. I felt bad for the waitress, who kept looking at us and going back to the kitchen over and over. It was at least 20 minutes with only one other table ordering in front of us.

The bread was the star of mine, fresh and with a good spread on it that added a lot of flavor. The beef was fine - nothing special, a touch dry but still enjoyable. I'd thought about getting the fried oyster po' boy and I think I'd go that way next time. The catfish was spot on, blackened with a little spice, no fishy taste at all. My sweet potato fries were solid, her regular fries were excellent, clearly fresh cut and not too greasy.

Check came to $24 with tip, which I think is a little pricey for a couple of sandwiches. That's the half-star I yanked from what would have been four stars otherwise. On the whole, good enough to get me back in for a second try.
Yay! I finally found a locally owned restaurant in Las Vegas! Lola's a great local spot where the Chef, Lola, actually owns the joint. It's a small Cajun Kitchen with a cozy family atmosphere. They have crawfish boils and the weekends and music on first fridays! Go try the shrimp and grits!
This was my 2nd visit and although 1st time was a disappointment I'm definitely a fan. I first stopped by last year right after a trip to New Orleans, was super excited to see barbecue shrimp on the menu. It ended up being a big let down - think it was $17 or $18 for 4 shrimp in a not spicy sauce and a huge mound of rice. I left feeling a little ripped off- it felt like that should've been a $12 appetizer vs an entree.  
I went with friends for lunch last week and LOVE Lola's now. We were seated outside and I think the server forgot about us for a while. But the food made up for it. I had the soft shell crab po boy - huge, bread was cut in half with 1 crab in each so perfect for sharing. Crispy yummy crab on their light flaky bread. I got the potato salad, which was just ok. Fries were also mediocre, but sweet potato fries were possibly the best I've ever had. Had some of my friends fried shrimp po boy too - only 4 shrimp total, which is a little skimpy but the shrimp were pretty fat and super sweet. 
Also tried a bite of someones blackened catfish. I've never been a fan of catfish but this was so spicy and flavorful I'd totally order it next time.
Rhythm kitchen is still my fav Creole place in town but I'm loving Lola's for their po boys. Oh and the buttered grilled bread they bring you is also a must
Lolas has to be one of my FAVORITE restaurants in Las Vegas. They have GREAT customer service and the food is D-Lish. I highly recommend the Crab Artichoke Dip-Ummm you can taste the freshness in every bite. Lot's of crab inside..you'll want more TRUST me. Another great dish is
I have been reading the reviews for Lola's lustily for the last few months and finally made it here for lunch.  I had planned on ordering a Po Boy or the BBQ shrimp, but when I saw this crazy good looking salad roll by, I switched my order.  Here's what we had:

1/2 dozen charbroiled oysters - Holy crap!  This were so cheesy, garlicky and good! a must order.  Take my advice.  Dip your bread in the oyster shell to soak up the sauce.  

Shrimp Remoulade - This is the salad I ordered.  Sadly, it was not what I saw go by to another table.  Happily, it was still very good.  But don't be a fool like me.  Order something more exciting than a salad at Lola's.

Blackened shrimp po boy - The bite I had of this was soo good. 

My only complaint is that service was way too slow for a lunch spot.  I am usually pretty rushed at lunch, but I would like to go back for dinner.  Then I can relax and just enjoy the yummy food.  And try all the other things on the menu!
Lola's earned an additional star for prompt lunch service!  I must have loved this place because when I returned for a second time in less than 2 weeks, I was pretty excited!  

Started with the charbroiled oysters again!  Even better than I remembered.  Garlicky and delicious.  This time I figured out the sexy salad I saw walking by my table on my last visit was a Caesar salad with blackened shrimp.  I also figured out that I was going to order something more exciting than a salad!  I had a the fried oyster po boy and my man had the blackened shrimp po boy.  My po boy was perfectly dressed and the oyster breading had a peppery kick.  Still liked the blackened shrimp best but glad I tried the fried oysters.  I had coleslaw and kept stealing fries.  Their fries are really good, but I found the coleslaw a little too creamy for my taste.  I like a little vinegar in slaw.  

Come here and enjoy their little patio before it is too hot.  Kind of a pricey lunch, but oh so worth it.  Lola's is really a hidden gem.
I'm a fan of their crawfish although it might not be for everyone since it's on the spicy side. I don't believe they're as flexible as some other crawfish places since they didn't ask if we wanted it spicy or mild. Our waitress recommended the strawberry lager and it was light and refreshing. Perfect pairing for the crawfish. The catfish with grits was absolutely delicious. I didn't think I'd like grits that much.
Went to Lola's with my family.  Being from New Orleans I have learned not to get my hopes up when trying a Cajun restaurant anywhere outside of NOLA.  Lola's was even more disappointing than I expected.  Overpriced and under portioned, which was just as well since everything was pretty bad.  I don't even want to describe what the roast beef sandwich looked like.  It should have gone right in the trash.  Six people at dinner, six different dishes and appetizers and no one liked any of it.  I've been to Lola's two times now... My first and last!
wait, i didn't review this place yet? well, it deserves some love. 

I really love this place whenever we go to Vegas. It's off the strip and across from the LV outlets in the old Bakery (and i forgot the name). Very small and cute but it's quite the gem. On my first try, I had the Bronzed Catfish which was awesome, yet a bit on the greasy side. The grits underneath were so good with it. We've also had the crawfish hush puppies and I've had the Sweet Tea. Crawfish Crabcakes are awesome too! Pretty cool place which you don't expect in Vegas. It's hard to find good Cajun/Creole food anywhere west of the Mississippi, but this rates up there.
Lolas is located in the artsy complex that once housed the Holsum Bread bakery.  We met for dinner on a Friday night, and the place was full when we arrived at 6:45.  Friend had catfish and grits, I had jambalaya.  We were both very happy with our meals.  By 7;45 or so several tables had opened up.  We saw couples, families with kids, hipsters, and it looked to me like a locals spot.  Prices were reasonable in my view - we got out of there - food and beverages for about $25 each.
I am very fond of Lola's.  My boyfriend and I had dinner on Friday night - which is their big crawfish night.  - I can't remember if they do all you can eat crawfish or if it's just on special.

Anyhow, we've been there twice.  The first time we went on a Sunday night and it was really quiet as it was just before closing time.  Our server advised that we come in on a Friday night to have crawfish.  My boyfriend is from a small town in Louisiana and LOVES crawfish.  So, we ended up coming back to eat on First Friday. 

The atmosphere was great.  There was a great band playing and it was very laid back.  We did have to wait for about 15 to 20 minutes for a table, because it was at the peak of dinner time.  Plus, this isn't the type of place where you eat and leave right away.  It's nice to sit back, have a beer, and just talk.  

The food is delicious.  We ordered about five pounds of crawfish, the crab dip, and for dessert, we had bananas foster and bread pudding.  The dessert was wonderful.  I'd go just for dessert!  

I think they could definitely work on being a bit more organized when it comes to seating.  My boyfriend gets cranky when he is hungry and made a comment that there were two tables that had been empty for about five to ten minutes that just needed to be bussed.  I was enjoying the weather and the band - as they have an outdoor patio.  Plus, I always think to have a small snack before we go anywhere new - just so that I'm not starving if we have to wait to be seated.  

I personally love the atmosphere.  I adore downtown Las Vegas - as it is the closest thing that we have to history and art in this town.  I know that we have the fine art galleries on the strip - but I love being able to experience a city and its people doing normal things like gathering for dinner.  

I really hope Lola's just gets better.  I'm a fan and hope to stay one :)
Highly recommended. Good prices and fun band. The food tasted home made and touched perfectly on that good ol' Creole cuisine. The Shrimp et Touffe is amazingly rich. Oh and did I mention the Bananas Foster? It's to die for.  I think I'm a crawfish-crackin' pro now! Thanks Lola
Great food, its a way off the strip but definitely worth the trip. The gumbo was as good or better than any we had in New Orleans. The crab cakes were the best I've had. The jambalaya and red beans and rice were both outstanding,  even though my red beans are as good.
I must say this is a must try!

If your new to Cajun food the staff is ready to walk you through the whole menu.

I did not try desert yet, but promise I will be doing that soon!
I LOVE Lola's! I have been to Lola's twice now, and both experiences were outstanding. The first time I went to Lola's it was to celebrate my birthday. We wanted to find a downtown location that could accommodate a large group. After several failed attempts at making reservations at other downtown eateries, my friend called Lola's. We were able to make a reservation for 17 without any trouble. When we arrived, I was surprised to see what a small space it was. Even though it's such a humble space, we didn't feel cramped. Everyone in the group, even the picky eaters, were able to find something on the menu that tickled their fancy. The food all came out at the same time which is something I truly appreciate when dining with a large group. 
On my first visit I tried the gumbo and crab cakes. Not only were they delicious, but the presentation of the crab cakes is adorable with cursive L's drawn in tasty lemon-garlic aioli. Everyone in the group was pleased with their choices. Some people in our group were a little surprised by how spicy their meals were. Word to the wise, if the menu says "spicy" don't take it lightly! I had the bread pudding for dessert, and it was tasty too! Everyone agreed that one highlight of the meal was the bread. It is sliced thin and lightly grilled. The bread is pillowy and has just the right amount of crunch. Yum! They also have a nice selection of Abita beer. 
As we left, they wished me a happy birthday, and I promised we would be back soon. I kept true to my word, and we ate dinner there again tonight. We had the hot crab and artichoke dip. It came out piping hot, and did not disappoint. I had the Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya. It is a generous portion and very flavorful. Tonight's dessert special was peach cobbler. It was totally perfect. 
The service was friendly and efficient. Lola's has quickly become a favorite! Next time, I think I may try one of their Po-Boys with sweet potato fries...mmm.
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! 

My mom and I were driving along Charleston Blvd when we came across this place. This was my first attempt at Cajun Food - let me tell you, it's DELICIOUS! 

I had the Blackened Catfish with Grits. Never had Catfish nor Grits before, so needless to say, I was super apprehensive. Coming from Hawaii where Spam is King, Catfish and Grits are not exactly on the menu everyday.  But, I was assured by the super nice Waiter that it's Lola's special and that I would not be disappointed. 

When the dish came out, it was more than I could have expected! The cajun spices were amazing - it has a spicy bite, but not to the point where you are dying for water. It's the perfect combination to the flaky soft fish. Combined with the grits and mushroom sauce...omg...it's a party in your mouth. 

Fast forward to dessert, my mom has a sweet tooth so she had to have something. But, she couldn't decide between the Bread Pudding and the Banana Fosters. Lo and behold, Lola herself comes out and suggests the Banana Fosters Bread Pudding. Apparently, a lot of other people were in the same predicament and so Lola combined the two desserts into one. 

If you go here, you must try the Banana Fosters Bread Pudding. Words will not do it justice, so I will not even try to attempt to express how amazing this dessert it. Go there. Try it. I promise - you will not be disappointed. 

Lola is the nicest lady ever - she came out from the Kitchen and greeted every single table. When she stopped by our table, she greeted us like family and immediately made us feel like we've known her for years! 

Bottom line, this place is a MUST GO when in Vegas. Good Food, Good Service and Good People. What more could you ask for?
I've come here a handful of times but haven't had a chance to write a review until now.  The food here is very good, seafood is always very fresh.  I've had a po-boy and some of their other dishes.  The jambalaya is one of the better that I've had, and their gumbo is pretty good too.  The only reason I took away a star is for price.  It was $20 with tip for a bowl of gumbo and a drink.  A little pricey for lunch, especially considering I was hungry again after a few more hours.
My husband and I found this place on Aug. 7, 2011 thru  YELP.  We did not make a mistake and so are the people praising this establishment. From the moment we went in, we felt relaxed and ready to order.  Too bad I forgot the name of the lady that waited on us because she is so charming and helpful that she'll try to accommodate your requests.  I ordered the bronzed catfish, but I also want to taste the shrimp.  She said that they can make it half and half and not very spicy.  My husband ordered the seafood platter with mussels, shrimps, oysters, fish. Wow the flavor of the food was soooo goooood.  And the price is very reasonable. The place is very clean and did I already say that the people are the sweetest.  Will definitely come back here whenever we are in Vegas.
I wish I could give this place a five star rating. I absolutely loved the food the couple of times I've eaten there. However, service was miserable on my second visit.

Starting with the food - I've been able to try a bunch of items on their menu. The Catfish with grits is amazing. I've never been a big fan of grits, but Lola's has definitely changed my mind. It's not the tasteless mushy crap you get at other places. Both their shrimp po boy and philly cheese steak po boy are good, especially for their price. And their red beans and rice had great flavor to it, and even has some sausage mixed in with it. The only part that semi bothered me was they don't give you much rice with it. The proportion of rice to beans is extremely off. 

Now on to the service. The first time I went, there was only a couple other tables that were filled, and service was decent. It definitely wasn't the service I expected seeing as that they weren't very busy, but it was something I could live with. On my second visit, the service was miserable enough to make me never want to go back. 

After we were seated, we were not approached again for another 6-8 minutes. Someone finally took our drink orders, with the promise that our waitress would be any minute. He came back with our drinks, and another five minutes later - no one had approached us. Finally, the guy who took our drink orders, came back & said our waitress was busy and that he would take our food orders. I ordered a po boy and asked for it to be dressed. When the food came, it wasn't dressed. Our two drinks sat on our table empty for a good ten minutes. Finally, a waitress asked if our ice tea needed to be replenished, simply because she had a pitcher of ice tea in her hand, but completely ignored the other empty glass on the table. Also, the wait to get the check was long as well. 

By the end of the meal, I was so annoyed at the horrible service and wait time I had experienced. I can usually deal with sub par service, but Lola's took it to the extreme. 

Will I be back? I'm not quite sure. I'm in love with their food - but don't think I can handle another shitty experience.
Great food!! I knew when we were in the right spot when we walked in for lunch and the place was packed.  This place is so easy to get to as it is located just off the interstate with a nice big parking lot in the back.  I had the red beans and rice with sausage that just melts in your mouth.  I would definitely stop here again next time I'm in the area.  The only negative is that they don't have a lunch menu, so you order dinner size portions.  We really wanted to try the jambalaya, but weren't up for that much food.
Finally.  My "Cajun Quest" is meeting better results.  Located in what used to be the old Holsum Bakery, Lola's was not too far out, and I was definitely more on track to getting (for me) what the flavor should be like.  Yes, I am picky when it comes to my Southern type food.

I had a nice lunch here last week.  A small one, but it worked.  I tried their gumbo, and it was good.  I thought it was nice and meaty, but I wanted just a little more flavor.  Overall, I did like it.  I think a shot of Tabasco would have gone a long way, but that's on me.

The jambalaya, however, was some seriously good stuff.  THAT got my face a little flushed, and I scarfed that down with gusto.

The place itself is respectable.  Nice little patio with some good ol' fashioned jazz playing.  I've heard they do live bands on the weekends, which I will have to check out.  The service was also not.  Very helpful, not pushy, and certainly knew the food.  Being a newcomer, I try to go off of recommendations, and what the waiter suggested suited me just fine.

I will certainly try them again, and go for some of the other items on the menu.  I had a light lunch, but it was a very satisfactory meal, and one that I would definitely try again in the future.  

A brief, but pleasant experience overall.
Kind of hard to find (sketchy area if you pass your turn) but small and quaint.  Delicious food and very friendly staff!
Great little place, will definitely be going back.  Wife had the blackened catfish and I had the jambalaya.  Crawpuppy app was great.  Everything was excellent and the service was great.
Since I grew up in La, I'll go ahead and consider myself an expert in judging the authenticity of the cuisine. After so many bad experiences with restaurants that serve "real" Cajun food, it is great to find one that really does! Lola's is as real as it gets. I had the bronze catfish and grits, outstanding, and followed it up with a nice warm piece of sweet potato pecan pie, equally good. Prices were right and the service was spot on. I HIGHLY recommend Lola's!
YUM. lola's is great! we made reservations tonight and it made me really happy that it was a REAL reservation- as in, a little table with a card on it that said, "reserved." (i hate making reservations and then ending up waiting 10 or 15 minutes after i get there because there aren't any tables available!)

we started our meal with a crab cake appetizer topped with creamy lemon aioli. (we debated between this and the gumbo... the crab cake was good,  but next time it will HAVE to be the gumbo.) after that came some awesome garlic bread- it was crispy and crunchy and light and yumyumyum. we polished off the basket almost embarrassingly quickly. that bread was seriously amazing.

my husband's jambalaya did not impress me- it was kind of mushy, but i've never been a huge fan of the stuff anyway. i loved my entrée, though- the shrimp were spicy and perfectly cooked, the gouda grits were rich and creamy and the andouille-mushroom sauce on top of everything was super deliciously savory. i sopped up every. last. bite.

despite making a complete pig of myself (in my defense, i went hiking this afternoon and worked up an appetite), i did save a little bit of room for dessert and tried the bread pudding! bread pudding is so easy to make that i usually don't bother to order it out but i had a craving and our apartment is still in a shambles from our move so there isn't much baking in my future. it was a success- sweet and smooth and served with whipped cream on top, yum! even my husband (who is generally more of a chocolate dessert fellow) liked it... i think he had a touch of food envy, hehe.
Neat little joint near downtown. It has a homey feel that you don't see too much in Vegas. Food is average but definitely worth trying.
Solid four stars. The Jambalaya was awesome, and one of the best parts was the chef makes his own hot sauce, and it was fantastic. My wife got a crab Po'Boy and loved it as well. We are looking forward to going back.
this place was awesome so much variety in cajun food and the desserts were amazing. simply one of the greatest little restaurants in vegas
Lola's is a cute little Cajun restaurant on Charleston just east (west?) of I-15.  

I arrived at 7 on a Friday night after an aborted trip to El Sombrero (too crowded).  Fortunately, I arrived about 15-20 minutes before Lola's got slammed, so my appetizer and entree arrived promptly.

I ordered the crawpuppies and an Abita beer to start.  The crawpuppies were unusual, but very tasty.  Wish I could say the same about the Abita - marginal at best.  Oh well.

I reluctantly ordered the bronzed catfish and grits, only because they are the house specialty.  I'm not a grits fan, but the waitress convinced me I'd like the grits.  And she was right.  The grits were cooked with gouda cheese and were very tasty.  The catfish was cooked perfectly, and the accompanying sauce was wonderful.  Very complex taste, no wonder it's the house specialty.

As I mentioned earlier, they pretty much got slammed while I was at Lola's.  From my vantage point, it didn't seem like they handled it all that well.  So you may want to hit Lola's outside of prime dining hours.

The food was very good and I would go there again when visiting Vegas.
O.M.G.  Listen, the Southerner in me is always looking for a good spot to catch some grits . . . and this place does not disappoint!  I've been here twice - both times got the shrimp and grits - and both times left a happy Southern girl.

Absolutely fantastic lunch spot!
This place is so wonderful. I love southern/cajun food. I've been here twice and every time I leave I can't wait to come back and try something new. Crawpuppies are divine and I am not a fan of hush puppies at all. The crawfish really adds another dimension of flavor to the traditional dish. Had a cup of gumbo and the only bad part about it was that I didn't order a bowl. Just a hint of spice so you know it's there, but not overwhelming. Perfect on a cold day. My boyfriend has tried their chili dog po' boy. I'd say skip it. The bread is the best part, but a chili dog is a chili dog. I had a platter with a little bit of their seafood choices. It did not disappoint. Catfish is cooked to perfection; it is some flaky moist goodness. The mussels we heavenly. Easily the best thing on my plate. Crab cakes were good, but nothing to write home about. My friend ordered the shrimp & grits and it was creamy goodness. If you've ever wanted to try it or you're already a fan order it. Now on to dessert. I saw bananas foster on the menu and that is what made me drag everyone here with me. (and reasons I have gone back since) Who doesn't love bananas, with buttery, sweet, sugary sauce and vanilla bean ice cream? Probably the same people that enjoy clubbing baby seals. If I was on death row and had to place my order for my last meal bananas foster from Lola's would be part of that order. Only bad thing about this place is the size of the dining area. I imagine it gets packed at peak times, but trust me it's worth it.
The yelpers came through again. I chose this place based on the mostly highly-starred yelping. It's a lovely and lively little place with very good food. We hit the tail end of a weekday lunch rush.  I tried the shrimp and grits...scrum! Really moreishly creamy grits and perfectly grilled shrimp with spicy oily sausagy sauce. Just the right size portions, too. Left room for desserts! Hubby had bread pudding and I had sweet potato & pecan pie with chantilly cream. Both divine, but mine took the cake!! 

Only (very minor) drawback is that I couldn't really take my parents there because they're on low-sodium diets. The food was on the brink of being overly salty (it's not outside the realms of possibility that I am more salt sensitive than the general populace), but the spice balance was otherwise excellent. We will defo go back and are looking forward to trying more of the delectable looking menu choices. It's not a giant menu, but we really had a hard time choosing because everything looked so appealing. 

Ace place...go see for yourself! :)

I'm updating this to 5 stars. I've been back many times since my first visit and can't find fault. A bigger second location would be fab. Hope their success continues! :)
Okay, I'm a Yankee, but I've been to New Orleans two dozen times and have a great appreciation for the cuisine.  So when my brother, a Vegas resident, raved about Lola's, I made him take me.  Twice.

First visit was a Sunday, and we learned when we arrived that they feature a Saints gameday brunch.  Everything you'd expect from a proper Southern brunch, and we each left approximately five pounds heavier.  (This was also the Sunday that the Browns inexplicably beat the Saints, so we were careful to hide that particular Yankee affiliation.)

Second visit was weekday lunchtime.  I had the jambalaya with shrimp, the bro had the shrimp & grits, we split the crawpuppies appetizer, and all were fantastic.

The food alone would be reason to return, but part of what makes Lola's work is the service - very Southern in the sense that they treat you like family immediately, right down to the good-natured ribbing.  When Lola talked us into the bread pudding dessert, another server passed by, smiled, and said, "Did you tell them what they're going to order?"  That kind of thing.  The bread pudding is absolutely dynamite, by the way - save room for it, if you can.

It's a bit off the beaten path, but certainly worth cab fare from your hotel.  Lola's will be a regular stop for me every time I'm in Vegas.
Sure, there's plenty of great food on and near the Strip, but sometimes it's good to get away from the casinos and check out the rest of Sin City.  And Lola's is a good excuse to do so.

Had the catfish and grits for brunch.  The grits were cheesy perfection, flavorful and creamy.  The catfish was seasoned well, a nice balance of salty, spicy, and smoky.  The fish itself, however, betrayed LV's location in the middle of the desert.  It hadn't gone bad, but it clearly wasn't fresh from the river bottom. I guess I should have expected as much.

Friend had the etouffee.  Reported that it was tasty, but not the best of his life.

The service was prompt and friendly.  Decor was a curious mix of sports bar meets family dining.  Unassuming, you could call it.

Overall, a nice little restaurant for when you want a moment of calm to collect yourself before throwing more good money after bad.
The first couple of times I ate at this place it was outrageously good and reasonably priced. I had a friend visit me from out of town and I could not wait to take her to this place. She finally relented just to shut up my bragging !!. When I went here I didn't recognize any of the staff. Uh oh...this is a bad sign!!! It's the "little things" that let you know about the "bad things". And when I got my food (a platter and Jambalaya and Gumbo 2 different salads), my worst fears were realized. Salads had way too much dressing. The rue tasted like tomato paste. Jambalaya was dry. The size of the shrimp was still on point and they were good. The catfish was overcooked and tasteless. The meal was probably a 2 low three star in actuality. But I give it a one star because I was immensely disappointed given what this place used to be like, plus after getting my friends appetite to a "schizophrenic" level and to be let down like this,  this place gets a one star. I hate when restaurants start out so well and (in my opinion), get greedy and start to cut corners. Oh well, another used to be good restaurant bites the dust!!
I ate lunch at Lola's on Friday before hitting the Charleston Antique Mall.  I had an Abita beer, the Shrimp and Grits and Bread Pudding for dessert.  I really liked the food and internal ambiance.  I think they could dress up the outside entrance and store outside tables until they open the patio again in spring/summer.
Yes Yes Yes!!! Finally a place I can say I had some authentic Cajun food in this town. My family is from Louisiana and so I still frequent the Big Easy a lot. I've been looking for some real Cajun food in Las Vegas for a while. I've tried some imitators in the Spring Mountain area but they have their own Asian take on Cajun. Lola's however is the real deal. My party and I split some red beans and rice, jambalaya and crawfish etouffee and I have to say it was superb!!.. Granted I'm sure I've had some better dishes in the French Quarter, but I think thats mainly a subjective opinion. I felt like I was back at home here. It's a small casual place with some hints of the "Who Dat" Saints, Mardi Gras beads and they were also playing zydeco music. I was going to take pictures and remembered only after I had cleaned every plate clean. Needless to say, I am VERY happy to finally have found my Cajun spot in Vegas.  Prices were fair as well! If you like Cajun, get your derriere down to Lolas and laissez les bon temps rouler!
A little slice of Louisiana right here in Vegas. I lived in Louisiana for almost two decades and I've been to every corner. Sometimes I get homesick and need some good eats to get me through. I think I just found my spot. Lola's is centrally located at I-15 & Charleston. Plenty of parking around the side. Not very many tables, and the place was full. Our waiter's name was Brennan. He is not from Louisiana, but he has eaten at Brennan's in New Orleans. The smells had my mouth watering while we were deciding what to order. My girlfriend and I ordered a large bowl of gumbo and a large bowl of Shrimp étouffée. Presentation was pleasant. Gumbo had okra. I prefer filet gumbo. After discussing the differences with Brennan, he brought out some filet powder for me. Nice touch. I added a little for taste hoping not to make it too thick. It smelled like sassafras.  Both dishes were really good. The gumbo had some odd taste that I could not place. Perhaps it was the sausage. I don't think they use andouille. Étouffée is not my favorite but this étouffée tasted like the gumbo I was hoping for, and it had five huge shrimp. Between these two dishes I would recommend the étouffée. Forget the name and imagine it is gumbo. We watched other people's food. Next time we will try the shrimp and grits and the jambalaya. The jambalaya was red like New Orleans style (not like momma makes it). We were full but ordered banana foster for dessert anyway. It came with vanilla bean ice cream. It was light and airy. I was hoping more for thick and rich, but it was pretty good. Even had some small vanilla flakes. The bananas were just right. The brown sugar butter was runny and alcohol was overpowering. I enjoyed it, but will probably try the bread pudding instead next time. Two big bowls and a dessert came to just shy of $40. A bit pricey, but worth a little piece of home. I know better places in Louisiana, but pretty darn good for Nevada.
I was in Vegas with my family for my brother's 21st birthday. He was really feeling seafood, and we were already off the strip, so Urbanspoon lead me to Lola's . . . and EVERYONE loved it! I've only been to New Orleans once, but felt confident in recommending the barbecue shrimp and the shrimp and grits. Everything we got was incredible - apps, beers, meals and desserts. 

Our server was incredibly nice and offered some great advice. I live close enough to Vegas that I go a few times a year - this will be added to my "must go back every time" list!

Thanks for an awesome meal and experience!!
I always give all the stars.  This one is not going to happen.  I'm not a critic, I'm just a hungry lady.  This place is an abortion of Cajun Cuisine.

My guy & I stopped in after antiquing nearby.  We were ravenous & we adore Cajun food.  I was so excited to have a place in town to get nourished with my favorites.

We were seated & served some drinks after a spell.  There was only one poor waitress from AK there & she had 5 tables.  She came to take our order..........then we waited.......turned another decade older, then our food came.
I'm from Tenn & have lived in LA.  This chow wasn't fit for a POW.  My gumbo had formed a hard shell on the top.  So I asked the waitress if it comes from the oven.  She explained that it came from a pot.... (no kidding)  So my inner "Colombo" deduces that it sat under a heat lamp.  If you buy the gumbo & select shrimp, you get 3 of them.   Oh Boy, for $11-$12.99 you can get 3 shrimp on top of a heat lamp-ed dish of gumbo, Id rather stay home & eat zatarains.

Plus I found a nice big piece of bacon in my gumbo.  Now if they use that to make a roux, that's forgivable, but even then its to be crumbled.

Worst restaurant in Vegas.
Was waiting to meet Rick of American Restoration and was looking for some where to kill some time.  So we stopped in since it was near by and was pleasantly surprised. 

We had the crab dip, catfish, and shrimp & grits. All 3 were very good the only complaint I had was that the shrimp and grits was pretty small for the price. 

Overall was very good.
Lola's - best Louisiana style food I've had. Even when I've been to Louisiana. 

I love to get crab cakes anywhere I go, and this place has some of the best I've ever had. They were large, crispy and cooked just perfect in the inside. I can't even begin to tell you enough of how much I adore crab cakes. I just can't. My head might explode. 
I also had the Shrimp Caesar salad and had the shrimp blackened. Amazing. The Caesar dressing was so thick and creamy, but not too rich. 
Shrimp and Grits. Let me tell you, I have never been a fan of grits, but I made an exception, and I was patting myself on the back for doing so. Very creamy, nice and garlicky and the shrimp were huge! ( Had them blackened as well. ) 

Also, they have Abita beers. Purple Haze is a great one that's light and tasty.

The service was very quick and friendly and I will go there as much as humanly possible for my splurging days.
Went here for dinner on January 14th, the day the Saints lost to the 49ers in the NFL playoffs. Lola and her staff were in mourning, but it didn't affect the quality of the food and service. A great experience. Moderate prices and great food. The etoufee is pure New Orleans and they offer a combo Shrimp and Crawfish if you can't decide. Bread Pudding is outstaning as well. Worth a visit anytime you are in Las Vegas. Don't let the address fool you.
My daughter treated me to a four day vacation in Vegas.  She had researched restaurants for our "Foodie" trip.  Lola's was on her list and I am glad that it was.  We went on Fat Tuesday and thoroughly enjoyed.  I had the Catfish and Stringbeans and my daughter had the Oysters and greens.  It was at the top of our list of restaurants.  If you are looking for authenic cajun food, may I suggest Lola's.
Too bad this place was on Diners Drive Ins and Dives because now EVERYONE will know about this place!  No longer Vegas' little secret. lol. Anyway, I recently met my friend for lunch at this tiny little place.  Funny, because I've driven by it a hundred times and always thought it was an italian joint.  I had yet to find a great cajun place like my beloved Dodie's in Dallas, but this place is FANTASTIC!!  I had the blackened shrimp poboy (I was a little hungover so my tummy needed bread) with sweet potato fries (do people still order regular fries?).  The food was delish!  My buddy had the Roast Beef Debris.  He says he keeps telling himself to try something new every time he walks into this place, but yeah, that hasn't worked.  Next time, I'm getting the crawfish and definitely trying the bread pudding or sweet potato pecan pie.  Well, I'll keep telling myself that.  Once I find a great poboy, I am hooked!!  Lola's is a MUST.  Especially if you love that dirty south spicy cookin!!
I have been here a few times. The food is always good but the portions are a little small.
 
I really like the jambalaya but the best is the CRAWFISH!!!! I would go back just for the crawfish, they are much less oily and more flavorful than Hot-and-Juicy's.

I do wish that they had beer on tap, but oh well, bottled beer is better than no beer!
Yep!!! Lola got it right babyyyyy. She knows what's up!! C'est Bon!!!!! 5 lbs. of boiled crawfish for hubby and 3 lbs. for me:) Seasoned and boiled perfectly and so juicy! Corn and red potatoes! Yeah!! I ordered the bread pudding with praline sauce to go and warmed it up when we got home. VERY good, cher!! Friendly service, great atmosphere! 2 thumbs up! Can't wait to try EVERYTHING on her menu. Can u tell I'm homesick!! LOL! Lola's made me happy! :D
It's really something when I have to go to Vegas to get some cajun fare when I was just in "Nawlins" last year.  I have to say, Lola's trumped several of the popular restaurants in NO.  Lola's has been on my food list for a couple years and last week, we made it.  On Fat Tuesday.  I didn't realize it was Fat Tuesday until I stepped onto the casino floor and saw all the festivities.  

Lola's is small, but I like the genuine southern-look.  Lola, herself, was passing out beads and welcoming people in.  Obviously she has a local following because she knew most of the room by name.  Later, we see her in the kitchen working as if she was a line cook.  I love that about owners.  You get right in there with your staff and get those dishes out.  Not like the "celeb" chefs who only lend their name to a restaurant and you get dishes that taste like crap, but you've paid for the name on the door.

We ordered:
Crawpuppies with Spicy Aioli-type sauce:  These are hushpuppies with crawfish ground into the mix.  A delight!
Fried catfish with sweet potato fries and slaw.  The fish was golden and fried to perfection.
Fried oysters with rice and greens:  I am leery when ordering greens as everyone does them differently.  Lola's greens were collards and they were done wonderfully with bits of hamhock or bacon.  With a dash of tabasco, I was hooked.  The oysters were so succulent, not over-fried.  Thanks Lola!  

By the time we left, there was a line out the door.  So glad we got in at just the right time.
I had been dying to try Lola's and my friend's birthday was the perfect opportunity! Since there were 4 of us, we decided to go all-out and try a ton of menu items. We made a reservation for Saturday night and were greeted by Lola, herself, at the door. The place is tiny, cozy, and adorable; a true hole in the wall. Here is the low-down on the meal:

Crab cake - I am VERY picky about my crab cakes and these were delicious! Lots of crab and not a lot of filler. A beautiful sear on both sides and the lemon aioli was fantastic. The crab cakes were second only to my own.

Craw-puppies - hush-puppies with Crawfish mixed in the batter, very inventive! These were crispy and delicious, but maybe a touch too soft/undercooked in the middle.

Gumbo - The gumbo looked good and started off great on my palate, but lacked seasoning, mainly salt, and spice.

Catfish and grits - OMG the cheesy grits were unbelievable, I literally did not want to eat the last bite. The catfish was cooked perfectly, but not exactly what I expected. They even gave me some crispy bread to soak everything up. 

My dining companions had Po-boys and raved about the bread. I was able to steal some french fries and was so glad I did, they were fantastic. My husband had the trout, it wasn't bad but it was a little on the fishy side for me. 

Sweet Potato Pecan Pie - I wish there was more sweet potato and less pecan, but paired with the chantilly cream it was delicious and I found myself constantly going back for just one more bite.

Lola's Famous Bread Pudding - I am not a fan of bread pudding, but my friends forced me to take a bite and it really wasn't bad.

Banana's Foster - The highlight of dessert, we were literally watching each spoonful and silently hating each other for having good taste! It was the best banana's foster I have ever had. A delicious sweet brown sugar coating with the warm bananas and cold vanilla ice cream...yes please!

Overall, Lola's is a great Cajun alternative to the real deal. There were definitely some high points to the meal, but there were a few mediocre points as well. I wish they had live jazz, that would really create some true NOLA ambiance. I will definitely be back to check out more of the menu and I am so glad we have a great Cajun restaurant in Las Vegas!
My friends and I heard many wonderful things about this place and a friend's birthday was coming up, so we thought it would be a great idea to visit this restaurant on Saturday, March 3rd.  

Let me start by saying that the location could be better.  It's on a very weird intersection on Charleston and in the middle of an awkward strip mall-ish building.  I didn't really get it.  Also, thank goodness we made reservations...there were two tables in the entire restaurant (I'm being fecitious).  All in all, the place offers a very cozy, intimate and homely setting.  We were even greeted by Lola Beth herself.  What a treat!  I must add though that it was hard to say that she was completely welcoming.  Our first impression was that she was a nice lady, however, when talking with her at our table later in the evening, her facial expressions really wasn't as welcoming as we thought.

We decided to order a bunch of items on the menu so that we could put the accolades to the test.  Here's what I tasted:

Crab Cakes- Loved these cakes.  A lot of lump crab meat and not a lot of filler.  The way a crab cake should be.  I loved fact that it sat on a bed of greens and was accompanied with a lemon aioli.  Fantastic combination.  My only criticism is that it was about 6 dollars and included only one cake.  For four people, we ended up getting two orders.  I little pricy in my opinion, but I would pay for that again.

Craw Puppies- To me, I didn't think this appetizer was memorable.  Not something I would choose to order again.  I'm a huge fan of crawfish, but not a fan of hush puppies, so the combination of the two did work for me.  The remoulade did help bring the dish together in the end.

Catfish Po Boy-  I thought this was an excellent choice.  For dinner, I wasn't looking to eat or spend a lot.  Great choice.  For about 11 dollars, I enjoyed a great sandwich.  The bread was grilled nicely.  It wasn't hard or soft where it would become soggy with the lettuce, tomatoes and mayo.  It was perfect.  What sealed the dish for me was the side of fries I had.  Super crispy and super homeade, which made it that much more better.

Sweet Potato Pecan Pie- We did decide to add chantilly cream and that was what made this dessert good. I'm not a fan of pecans. Because of that, I didn't really find myself going back for more.  My hope was that the chantilly cream would help mask the taste of the pecans, but unfortunately, it did not.

Lola's Famous Bread Pudding- Now with bread pudding, I am a HUGE fan. This dessert did NOT disappoint.  SOOOO delicious.  I found myself fighting for the last bit of bread pudding with my friends.  The run praline sauce was superb and although it wasn't offered on the menu, our server was nice enough to suggest also adding the chantilly cream on this dessert.  Such a fantastic combination!

Bananas Foster- Although I didn't admit this to my friends at the time, I had never tried bananas foster before.  This was an "AH-MAZE-ING" first experience.  C'mon!  Brown sugar coated bananas with vanilla bean ice cream.  How could you go wrong!  Each spoonful presented a new pleasant feeling that just ended the evening with a positive experience.  What a great dessert!

All in all, I'd say I had a great time.  I was accompanied with three wonderful friends and discovered a "dive-type" restaurant that offered, for the most part, wonderful Cajun Connections, as their website states.  Being a fan of southern cooking, I will not be opposed returning to try other menu items and of course, Lola's famous bread pudding!
It's my first trip to Lola's and surely won't be my last.  If the shrimp po' boy is any indication of the rest of the menu, this place will be soon a fave of mine.  The shrimp were about the size of prawns lightly battered set on a bed of shredded lettuce tomato and tartar sauce. Simple but it just tasted really good and fresh.  This will be a spot to watch some football thus season. I might convert to being a Saints fan, who dat!  Nah, hell no Go Niners!!! WE DAT!!!
I was really excited to go here after hearing so many things about it.  I guess because I had such high expectations, I was a little under impressed.  The food we got was good, just not amazing.  They were out of crawfish, so I will definitely go back to try those.  I had the etifoue and my husband had a shrimp and oyster po-boy.  I will say that their bread that comes with the entrees is amazing.  We had a boiled shrimp appetizer and it just didn't have any flavor at all.
If this is what Cajun is all about, sign me up! Craw puppies and a Catfish Po-Boy with coleslaw were my delectable dishes and OHMYGODIWANTMORENOW. Sorry. Nola's is enough of a reason to want to come to Vegas. Extremely flavorful, crispy, and delicious all around. I don't know what the problem is with the haters. Don't like the service? Get take out, people. It's not rocket science. The place is seriously jumpin' on a Friday night and the live jive/blues music just makes the experience complete.
The small bistro ambience, and deep green plaster walls give you a big easy Bayou feel that is hard to find in our valley filled with oversized eateries. The Nola-flown crawfish and french bread add to the authenticity.  Delicious shrimp and grits and Etouffee, although entree portions run a bit small by true southern standards. Saves you room for the pecan sweet potato pie with Chantilly cream, a second-line parade all its own.
Lola's Cajun food restaurant in Las Vegas did not give the experience I so hoped the first and second time I ate there.  I believe in second chances so I wrote off the first unpleasant experience because I really wanted to like this place.  After the last experience I had there I will not be visiting it again even though it is a few blocks from my home.  

My boyfriend and i arrived and were handed menus by the hostess who said, " there is only two tables outside I trust you can find it."  This is not a seat yourself kind of place but we were happy to oblige.  My boyfriend ordered the shrimp po-boy and I ordered the beans and rice.  After about 30 min. we were still patiently waiting for our food, after 45 we asked to get it to go because we could no longer wait.  As if by happenstance our food came out within the next min. we were given to-go boxes at the same time that way if we wanted to take a few bites before packing it up we could.  IT WAS COLD!  The sweet potatoes were cold the rice was cold... everything was cold... I did not receive the bread nor the coleslaw it was supposed to come with either.  I went to the hostess to inform her of the situation.  She offered to put it in the microwave for us to heat it up, other than that there was nothing else she could do but get Lola.  However they just had a very large to go order and Lola was working on the line.  ( I am sorry I wish they would have told me in advance that they would not be able to accommodate my order because they had a very large order to take care of.)  

I went back to the table and sat.  Our bill was promptly brought to us and then my boyfriend questioned the quality of the food with the time waited to the waitress.  She offered to get Lola but other than that there was nothing else she could do... we paid and waited some more.  She still did not come.  Finally on our last effort at realizing we just wasted $25 on food that was not fresh we went back to the door and requested Lola; just to be told that Lola was busy and could not come out. I am very disappointed in my experience at this place.  I love to support local businesses especially in the downtown neighborhood, however this place will not be one of them.  Maybe I am used to Vegas hospitality, so this "southern hospitality" is nothing in comparison.   

Lola's southern food in las vegas is not cheap and not good.
Damn, I love this place! Once again, go in with an open mind to try something else on Lola's delicious menu.  I'm a complete and utter failure!  Blackened shrimp po boy again.  I also had a few bites of the sweet potato pecan pie with cream this time. Ummm, yeah, the entire meal was melt in your mouth, get you excited, break a sweat, hot all over, eyes rolling back, YUMMY!! Almost better than sex. Mmmmm! Get some...
Not sure I understand some of the low ratings - this is a terrific little restaurant.  I get to Las Vegas 3-4 times a year and its a regular stop: in part because the food is reliably good, and in part because the staff and owner are so damn nice.  I'm a sucker for a Po Boy...and Lola's had me at the bread: spot on what you'd expect in the best sandwich joint in New Orleans.

Lola's passion for her work and for her people is clear - I spent some time chatting with them today at lunch & was really impressed by the fact that they love what they do.  

Sorry Tierney and anyone else who says they had a bad experience at Lola's - with respect, I disagree.  I'll go to Lola's over any of the overpriced celebrity-joints on the Strip anytime.
Shrimp N Grits as good as the first time.
Abita Amber is a nice beer.
Sweet Potato Pie with Pecans was tasty.
A great authentic American Cuisine.  I have to say , I am not a huge purveyor of Southern cooking, however, after reading yelper Michelle W review of the place, figured we had to give it a shot.  Had clients in town from Italy and France and one of my colleagues wanted to try Rhythm Kitchen and so I suggested Lola's.

1.  Quaint - When you are traipsing around the Charleston area, me thinks the last thing you are going to think about is quaint, cute, cool.  This place is all that and has character. Small, few tables, small bar, and it has just enough of whatever it is to make it just right.

2.  Service - Dominic was there when we entered waiting for our guests. Very nice, knowledgeable, gave us the scoop on the wine he preferred and also on the food.  They set up our table nicely and when we had to add one more, they were very accommodating. We had a party of 9 in here and they took care of us.  I think the place serves 20-25 total?

3.  Food - I was looking to give our out of towners a unique experience to try something uniquely American.  So this is the place we chose.  

Crab Cakes and Craw Puppies - The crab cakes were very substantial, flaky, moist and tender. I enjoyed it.  It was one per order, however, as they are decent size, we asked for each to be cut in two pieces and we ordered enough to share. Ordered craw puppies for the table, never having this before.  Deep fried seafood is the best I can describe this.  Not greasy and bite size tasty bits of seafood. Nice.  Each is the size of a small meatball, 5 per order, so we split two orders.  

Jambalaya - to me, the right blend of spice, rice, seafood. I also ordered the shrimp as an addition and it was just right. Juicy and hits the spot.

Salmon and Sweet potato fries - I think this was the only let down.  The fries had such great flavor yet the salmon was very dry  Dry fish is not too bueno, so this was  of a downer.

Gumbo -Seafood soup like bouillabaisse or cioppino.  I did not have it but one of our friends did. It looked really, really good.

Etoufee - I thought this was something a bald buy wore as he got older?  Perhaps I will need one soon.  Naw, this is a dish similar to the gumbo, just that it is thicker and more like a stew. Whereas the gumbo has seafood, this one here has either shrimp or something else, was the choice, but it was not  mixed like the gumbo.  Now I did not order this, but man did my friend enjoy it. Very nice.

Sweet Potato Pecan Pie a la mode with ice cream - YOu have to come for the desserts.  This is what the wifey and I ordered, and it was really great. I am going to go back for their Banana Foster Bread Pudding.  Don't be shy, order the dessert!!!

GK says, check this place out for sure! I enjoyed it as a unique dining place. Not sure if it is a frequent place for me yet, however, I am going back for other desserts, so I will let you all know.
Had a long day got lazy and didn't feel like making anything called up Lola's for an oyster po boy.  Killer oysters great tarter actually had to take a couple oysters off because I couldn't get them in the crispy bread.  Now Im thinking of going back because Im still thinking of the sandwich the next morning.
I just have to say right away OMG!
OMG! OMG!

Ok now in full disclosure I love Cajun and Louisiana style food. As far as the food goes it is some of the best Cajun Ive had in a long time

We had the combo platter and it was mostly fried but lightly battered. The crab cake had great flavor and wasn't full of filler. The shrimp was great and you could tell they were fresh and never frozen. The collard greens werent great but acceptable. My GF said they weren't real collard greens and she wished she could find at least one place that served them right. (Any ideas let me know please)

I had the Blackened shrimp pasta. It was wonderful. I wish I had asked before ordering as I would have loved a piece of their catfish blackened like that and they do serve it like that so if you want blackened catfish I would give it a try.

The crawfish balls were good but had a little tangy flavor I couldnt place. I would try them again.

The decor is typical New Orleans style and it is small and almost cramped inside. I guess they call it intimate but I dont like having to listen to the conversations of those around you. 

The staff is very knowledgeable I ended up talking to our server after our meal and their lunch rush had left. She said you lucked out by being seated so quick. You should always call and make a reservation as they dont have ample seating.

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Okay, so I'm normally not in this area often, but talk about a tucked away GEM of a Resturant!!! Granted they have only been opened since 09, but I have to say ... I'm making this place the spot to get my Cajun on!!! I had the catfish platter and the New Orleans brewed beer and it was "all" very tasty!!! :)
Just so everyone knows...I had high expectations for this place due to all of the reviews. I was so EXCITED to go to this place after I looked at the menu it was RIDICULOUS. From the beginning to end it was bad

1.When we walked in on a Wednesday as soon as they opened there were two people on the patio and two people inside. It was a great day outside and we thought to sit outside first but our waitress WHISKED us inside so quickly we didn't get a second to make up our mind.We sat down to figure out that their air conditioning was on ARCTIC so I told her if we could go outside. SHE LITERALLY ROLLED HER EYES...and said "IT'S A LITTLE WINDY, BUT IF YOU LIKE THAT THEN.." ummm ma'am take us outside please!

2.This was our first time there and my bf was having trouble deciding so we took a little longer to order. Her coming EVERY 5 seconds didn't help. If I were her, I would've maybe suggested an item on the menu or even ask if she could help in any way..NOPE.

3.I ordered the crawfish hush puppies to start and jambalaya with added shrimp. My bf ordered the fried shrimp with the fried oyster, and crab cake. He asked for gritz and greens on the side. The crawfish puppies were interesting.I don't eat crawfish much so I'm not exactly sure how they supposed to taste so I'll just describe what it tasted like.Tart.The jambalaya came and LOOKED very promising.That jambalaya HURT MY FEELINGS. It was the mushiest, no flavor having jambalaya I have EVER TASTED. This jambalaya was the WORST ever. It taste like tomato and mushy rice. The chicken was very small and the shrimp just had no taste to it. My bf's food was COOKED perfectly.His fish was crunchy on the outside, flaky on the inside. He took his first bite and said "It needs A LOT of hot sauce" I tasted that fish and AGAIN no flavor! I mean..NONE I was soooooooo confused because Cajun food usually has SO MUCH FLAVOR..He used half their bottle of hot sauce to give that fish flavor.He taste the grits and actually sent them back because they were so bad. Just so you know my bf isn't the type to send food back. He rather just pour a lot of salt and pepper on it and "make it work" Needless to say, after that HORRIBLE meal and the $70 bill we were done.

On the car ride home, I was sad. I kept saying 'I could've made some Zatarains jambalaya that was better than that"!!


*After I came out of my depression a couple of days later, I went to the OYSTER BAR in the PALACE STATION and ordered the jambalaya and my bf ordered the gumbo. I PROMISE you the HEAVENS SANG! I felt like I was born again. That jambalaya was the ABSOLUTE BEST JAMBALAYA ever. My bf became extremely quiet when we were eating and when I looked up...I SWEAR TO BABY JESUS he was chewing with his eyes closed nodding his head in pleasure! If you want some cajun food..GO THERE!
2nd time for crawfish, AWSUM! They are getting bigger and tastier. The perfect spice level, the lips get numb and the tung burns till you reach the  perfect apex! More important the service is exceptional every time. What's more important is being a repeat customer they remember us! Absolutely love the place!
I found out about Lola's from a friend at work.  She said it was a must do.  We finally got around to making a reservatoin (recommended) and we tried it on a sunday afternoon.  HOLY MOLY!!.  My family is from New Orleans.  My mother cooked some of the best creole food ever.  Notice, I said Creole, NOT cajun.  There is a difference between the two.  Cajun food tends to be HOT and spicy.  Creole food is just seasoned to perfection and does not burn your mouth.  It just gives you a really nice feeling and it is hard to quit eating it is so delicious.  Lola's has this down.  The Gumbo is tasty, seasoned well, not overseasoned and not spicy hot.  Just right.  I had a fried oyster poboy, we called it an oyster loaf in NO.  It was fabulous.  It really helps that they ship their french bread in from NOLA.  You just can't get french bread like that anywhere else.  I only wish they had a "seafood gumbo" with crab and shrimp.  That would be really good.  I will definetly be back again.  Remember, if you are looking for Cajun food, this is not the place, but if want Creole, get to Lola's.  Also, Have desert!  The bread pudding is amazing.  We shared it.  Next time I might get my own.  Will definitely go back and have told all my friends about it too.  Remember. of you are looking for HOT and SPICY cajun food, go somewhere else.  Go to Lola's for a fine Creole dining experience that you will never forget.
I've never understood the saying "life is short eat dessert first." I'm not a dessert girl. I look forward to savory dishes and bourbon-based cocktails. But Lola's bananas foster bread pudding is one of those desserts I would publicly humiliate myself for. So let's start with dessert and backtrack.

I'm not a fan of bread pudding-I guess I've just never had a good one. Lola's was a game changer. Game. Changer. It was rich without being heavy with a distinct banana flavor that wasn't overpowering. Why wasn't banana the main player in a dessert with the word "banana" in the title? Oh because it was swimming in the most delightful brown sugar/butter sauce concoction that you've ever had. The first taste was one of those I-can't-believe-I'm-going-to-cry-in-a-restaurant moments. THAT good. The bread pudding was topped with a quality vanilla bean ice cream that just melted into the bread pudding in the most satisfying way. Best dessert in town- I really dare you to find something better.

This was our second visit to Lola's and unlike our first visit, we had reservations (which I recommend). The restaurant is tiny with a nice sized patio which can of course only be utilized when the sidewalk isn't smoking from the summer (see March-November) heat. The staff is friendly and passionate about the food. They don't just give recommendations, they tell you what they like and why they like it.

The house salad is incredible! Romaine, candied pecans, mandarin oranges and a tangy-sweet vinaigrette all topped with a sprinkle of pepper and cayenne pepper-I did not know salad could taste like that. It can be ordered with chicken, salmon or shrimp, I believe, which would make for a good lunch or dinner salad, but it's a five star salad without the protein. I had etouffe on my first visit which is basically a gravy/stew with seafood. I'd never had it before, so have nothing to compare it to, but if you like the sting of spice, go for the etouffe. The heat didn't detract from the deep concentrated flavors and they didn't skimp on the shrimp! Second time around I ordered the shrimp and grits and I'll never look at grits the same again. It was more like a custard than grits and they used gruyere cheese-FLAVOR TOWN! Again, no skimping on the shrimp here and they were a good size and perfectly cooked. The portions here are proportionate with price because you're not getting some chain restaurant slop cooked by someone who knows nothing about the cuisine.  When food is made with love, it doesn't need to  be served in offensively large portions.

Like I said, reservations are a must. This is a solid local's spot with a lot of regulars and it fills up quick. Our waiter on our first visit said that the lunch time traffic is always heavy as they get a lot of people from the downtown area so reserve, reserve, reserve! 

Lola's serves up down home favorites (and a KILLER salad) in a cozy setting. Go there enough times and you'll start to feel like you're dining at a friend's house, which is the best kind of dining experience right?
I've driven by this place, countless times that Ive been in Vegas, and only recently had the chance to experience it. Before I go in on this place I gotta say I'm a fan of Cajun food and lived in New Orleans for a while, so I'm hard to please.
Negatives

1. this place only has a beer and wine bar. There's something wrong when I can't get a hurricane with my crab cakes!
2. it closes at 10pm in a city that never sleeps. 
3. Food was nothing to rave about.
4. For sure, pass on hot wings

In fairness, I want to expand on 3. We had the crab cakes, hot wings, jambalaya, catfish Po Boy, and red beans and rice. Everything was very fresh, so that's a plus. There was a hint of what I remember to be Cajun food but overall, it tasted like something i would expect at a chain restaurant. 

The bright light in this place is certainly the staff. They all acted like they loved their jobs and more importantly the restaurant and it showed. I probably won't come back, but if you've never been to Louisiana or had authentic home-cooked cajun, you won't be disappointed.
YUM! YUM! YUM!

I tried the combo plate with cheesy grits and green beans, plus crab puppies. ALL DELISH! I will go again and recommend!
Having spent a bit of time in Louisiana and in Cajun country, I was excited to try Lola's.   I tried on a Sunday, and they we closed, which only increased my anticipation.  Finally, I went before a show at the new performing arts center near downtown, the Smith Center, which is an incredible venue.   We were lucky and got a seat, and ordered the oysters, crab cakes, soft shell crab and the crawfish étouffée.  The broiled oysters were OK....came out sizzling hot with a bit of cheese on top, but several were tough...I have had better in many places, but then again, I am fussy about my oysters.  The crab cakes were fine...standard fare...nothing special.  The soft shell crab was OK, and went nicely with the cole slaw....but it was not anything special.  The étouffée was really disappointing.  The roué was weak, the spicing was weak, the flavor was not well developed.  In short, it really let me down.  All I had to spice it up was Crystal's hot sauce, which is never hot enough......kind of sad.  I don't think I will go back....
Soft shell crab sandwich was awesome, along with their crawfish hush puppies. Tried their baked oysters too. Would come back to try the other seafood poboy sandwiches!
Almost a five star experience. This was my 3rd visit here,  but first time for dinner. Heads up make a reservation for dinner. Lola's will be featured on Diners, drive ins, and dives (ddd) on June 11th on FoodTV. The particular dish featured on the show will be the Roast Beef Debris po-boy. I took my parents here for dinner. My dad ordered the Roast beef debris. My mom ordered the Shrimp Etouffee and I ordered the Shrimp and Gouda grits. With out getting into too many details my dish and the shrimp etouffee that my mom ordered were easily 5 out 5 star dishes. The Roast beef debris po-boy was a 4 out of 5 star dish. Did not seem like the dish I would feature on DDD. Still a really good sandwich though. The only disappointing thing I had was the sweet tea. It didn't taste like the good sweet tea I've had in the south. It might have been old though. No big deal really,  just had a beer instead. More appropriate anyways. Dinner was great!  Service 5 out of 5 stars! The dessert was next. And this is where I was floored!  Ordered the banana pudding and the bread pudding. They also had a combination banana fosters bread pudding,  but I'll save that for next time. Anyways, the 2 puddings were spot on!  I'd put them both up against some of the best puddings I've ever had in Alabama,  Florida or Louisiana! These 2 desserts I'm praying are going to be featured on DDD.
Side note. Last time I was here for lunch I had the soft shell crab po-boy. I would give it a 4.5 out of 5 stars. The french bread they use for their po-boys is amazing.
Lola's is on my top 5 places to take people to eat in all of Las Vegas now. And that's saying a lot!
Yum! Always come here and order the gumbo and crab cake!
Today I decided on the Roast Beef Debris, for one.. its profiled on DDD this month.. its a bit different from all of the Gulf seafood offerings. It was tasty but the gravy on top appeared to be like gravy in a jar. I have never tasted it, but that's what it sure looked like.. gelatin like. 
Sweet potato fries were great! 
I was here the week before and loved the gumbo as usual and the peel and eat shrimp. It would be nice if they were deveined, did it myself. 
Have never been disappointed with anything on the menu!
I don't write reviews on this but I felt it necessary to write one for Lola's. Now let me start with the positives its right down the street from my office so its convenient, and that's about it. I ordered a crab cake for an appetizer which was mediocre to somewhat good at best and it was $7.00 for one! Then for lunch I ordered the shrimp creole which was absolutely nothing special although the shrimp were cooked absolutely perfectly.  The shrimp creole was $16.99 and only came with 5 shrimp!!! Seriously I'm only getting 5 shrimp for 17 dollars you have got to be kidding me! I wouldn't have minded if the dish was mind blowing or if it was something that I had absolutely zero chance of replicating at home but that just simply isn't true. I could make this dish at home with ease! So if I were you I would find another creole place for much better value. I'm still confused how this is the best in Las Vegas
I don't usually write reviews, but I went there for lunch today.  It was the second time I have eaten at Lola's.  The food is okay, but nothing rave about and the prices are so so.  We arrived at 11 am as they opened so the place was empty.  I'm a quick eater, as were the other two I was with, so we finished quickly.  We finished our meals, and we didn't get a refill on our drinks.  It didn't take long to understand why they didn't give us refills on our drink.  The place had filled up in 40 minutes.  It wasn't long before someone (I presume it must have been Lola, but not sure since this person didn't identify herself to us) approached us and asked us if we wanted a refill.  I told her I didn't, but one of my coworkers said they would like half a glass.  We were told there were others waiting outside for a table, so we got the message that we weren't welcome anymore.  My coworker told her never mind, and then she offered a to go cup.  

We weren't "hogging" a table, but were made to feel that we weren't welcome.  Needless to say this is the last time we will eat at Lola's because their management does not respect their customers.  I have never been made to feel so  unwelcomed in a restaurant as I was made to feel at Lola's.  Just say no to this place.  Too expensive for what you get and they don't appreciate their customers.
Had some wine and shrimp to start.  Thought the feel was very french quarter.  It is small and had a few guys just hanging out and drinking beers together.  But there aren't many tables so I could see if it starts getting busy it would be hard to handle that.  The gumbo was great!  It wasn't mush or bland.  Of course I put tons of hot sauce on it but I really enjoyed it.  I never get dessert but the waiter encourage me to and boy was it delish.  My favorite part of the restaurant was the service. The waiters were so attentive and friendly.  We ended up talking to our server for probably 15 minutes.  I will definitely go back if I'm in the  mood for some cajun.
You can't find a better place to eat in Las Vegas - PERIOD. We saw this place featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives so I wanted to check it out. The Gumbo is amazing. The Red Beans & Rice was delicious and served with a bowl of cole slaw. I normally pick at cole slaw since I mostly regard it as a garnish, but at Lola's you will eat it all. The bread was so good we thought it must have been baked locally, but we were told it is flown in from New Orleans. The Catfish and Grits is incredible. I didn't know grits could taste so good. The Bananas Foster / Bread Pudding may put you into diabetic shock - but at least you won't care. The bread pudding is very dense, almost like a fruit cake and topped with a  caramelized brown sugar & buttery topping.
The grilled chicken po boy was very tasty!  From the bread to how the chicken was seasoned.  I also tried the catfish with grits and it was amazing.  Not a fan of grits so my opinion on it would be very bias.  Next time I want to try the catfish po boy.
Visited Lola's for the first time yesterday and I was less than thrilled.
Let's start with the parking is undersized and crowded, the restaurant packs you in as well with very small 2 top seating with people constantly bumping you and the wait staff is less than efficient.
Beyond that our food took longer than expected due to our waiter as a table across from us received their food at about the same time as us. They sat down 10 minutes after we ordered.
I tried the Jambalaya, which the rice was cold and the seasoning was not quite as good as Zatarains. My wife had a dish where the grits were tasty but also cold.

I cannot say I will try this again as there were so many things wrong with this restaurant.
lolas was just ok...luckily I have a two-try rule.  
It was my first time at this establishment.  and overall it was just OK.  I decided to treat my mom to lunch and when we walked in it was about 85 degrees in the dining room. Why you ask, the front door was perched open.  Why you ask, i have no idea...we are in the desert the last time i checked. Anywho, i ordered gumbo & a catfish poboy. Both were delish. My mom ordered the red beans & rice...she enjoyed her choice. For me a good dining experience usually means good food & good service. the food was good the service was just ok. no smiling faces when seated, no smiling face from our waiter.  Actually the only time the waiter smiled was when he asked to clear the table and I said yes. I am eager to give Lola's one more try! Next time i will bring a fan.

FOODIEDIVA.com
I was so upset when my hubby brought me to this restaurant because i dislike Cajun food....i refused to eat it.  Up until coming into Lola's....This place is like heaven in your mouth.  I was literally blown away and I will def come back for "craw-fish season"!!!!
My husband and I had lunch at Lolas on 6/20th and were pretty disappointed. At first we were seated asked for our drink orders and shortly after we ordered our food but that is where the service ended. As we watched around us tables were getting bread it seemed at random and although we ordered entrees didn't see a crumb. It took 30 minutes for us to get our food and when we did it was cold. Not just the top of the food but all the way through like it had been sitting in a pot out back and they just slopped it on a plate. My husband had the Jambalya and it was cold all the way through, only the shrimp on top were hot. He said it had no flavor at all. I ordered the shrimp and grits and it too was cold like mushy paste with some hot shrimp on top. I liked the flavor but it was more like left overs I just got out of the fridge from the day before. 

My guess is they plated the rice and grits and forgot about it then 30 minutes later realized they didn't add the shrimp, topped it off and the waiter dumped it off on our table. If we were not on our way to a conference and hungry as all get out we would have complained and refused it. What made it worse is, no one came back to refill our drinks which were down to the ice the entire meal, the waiter just dropped off the food and walked off and we didn't see anyone again until we were done and ready to pay our check. 

It's a real shame because I had high hopes for this place. We love small mom & pop restaurants and this one unfortunately unless they shape up, train their staff and check their food quality before it leaves the kitchen will be seeing the doors close sooner than later.
We went their for lunch today (6/25/12) about 11:35am. The place is small and it packed. The waitress was quick to ask us what we wanted to drink, but after that it took her a long time to come back and take our food order. I ordered the Gumbo, my husband ordered the Catfish and Grits, and our daughter ordered the BBQ Shrimp. When the food finally came out, my Gumbo was warm at best. It took our waitress a few minutes to bring the bread (which is very tasty, by the way) The BBQ Shrimp was salty, but the shrimp was cooked correctly, and the Catfish and Grits were good.  Then we had dessert. We shared a Bread Pudding and Bananas Foster dish.  The bread pudding was really just a banana bread (or so it seemed to be, but it wasn't bread pudding) with caramelized sugar spooned on top, then topped with a small scoop of ice cream. No bananas in site. All in all, the food was OK in taste, portion sizes are small for the price, and the service was SLOW!  We may try Lola's again to try their Po-boy sandwich, but other than that, I do not see us returning.  Too bad, we love Cajun food.
I am a road warrior.  I am used to eating alone, but I never get used to be treated poorly because I am eating alone.  I was really looking forward to eating here, but they would only seat me at a tiny 2 seat table with a total stranger...how awkward that would be.  They had 2 tables open, but they were being kept for party's of 2.  So, I walked.
Yes we went because we saw Lola's on Triple D. Was it good? You bet. We went for lunch - my wife had the blackened shrimp po boy; I had the soft shell crab po boy. She was not over the top with the shrimp but I love soft shell crab and this was perfect, not greasy and tasty.

The service was attentive and friendly even though the place was packed. Lucky for us we got there about 10 minutes before the rush. Prices aren't cheap but they weren't too bad.

We had the sweet potato pie and it was delicious. I took home a piece of bread pudding and it was over the top, one of the best bread puddings I have ever had.

My wife and I agree we'll be back, probably for dinner sometime. It's so nice to find a great, single owner restaurant in Vegas, the mecca of chains. Thank's to Guy F for turning the world on to Lola's.
Food is great just wish it was bigger and you didnt have to call to make a reservation
Discovered this little gem by accident.  Saw it out of the corner of my eye while trying to get back to the strip from our North Vegas hotel.  The have everything from the south, or rather, almost everything.  Their specialty is Louisiana cooking, mostly fish, crawfish, shrimp, and all the fixin's.  Decor quaint, service friendly, food excellent.  A nice place for family, a nice alternative to the pretentious restaurants in the casinos along the strip.
Small joint, but some great southern cooking.  Had the shrimp po-boy and 1/2 dozen oysters.  Yum yum!  Be sure to make reservations though as its a tiny restaurant with just over 35 seats.  Might have to wait for a table and the bar seats 6.  Worth the wait though.
Nice and cozy little restaurant. I ordered the fried catfish po boy and it was fried to perfection. Pretty much anything that is deep fried on their menu is bomb. Unfortunately the etouffe we ordered was under seasoned. Other than that, the service was good.
My husband & I figured that if this pace was on DDD it had to be good, right?!?! Not really that great! When we walked in the door they weren't really that busy. They were more concerned about sitting us at an empty table for 4 than anything else (they had 6 empty), because after all they save those for larger parties. First come first serve!!! The environment was ehh soso, kinda small & packed in.

First off the food was quite expensive for my taste. My husband had a Blackened Shrimp Poboy that was way to spicy for me to even try since he knows my threshold for spice. He however said he enjoyed his sandwhich, not to the extreme of the price that they charged for it. I ordered the fried catfish platter with my sides of green beans and greens. Never had I been so disappointed! I have never had to salt my food so much at a restraunt before. Both sides were boiled with bacon & I think that was it. NO FLAVOR!!!! The fried catfish in part was ehhh, ok. It was a tick cut of fish, oh did I mention you only get one filet!!! The breading was bland, had no seasoning in the cornmeal & when I got my food the entire bottom side of the fliet was SOGGY!!! nothing like eating a bland soggy piece of fish that had no flavor! I have had WAY better in this town. 

The only good thing that came out of this place would have to be their Sweet Tea. The Craw puppies as an appitizer was pretty tasty, but I have had chicken nuggets bigger than these & again the price was rediculious for the portion! I can say for sure we will NOT be going back!!!

Hope this has been helpful in anyway to anybody!!
Blackened catfish poboy! Nom nom!!!!!  I could have done without the craw puppies though. 

Very attentive service!
Shrimp Charlotte and the Catfish and Grits is absolutely delicious!!!! Very fresh.. I most definitely be back to visit!!
What a gem! This places respects those who make reservations so make sure to get one as they are quite busy. The restaurant is small but has some personality. The Fleur de Lys and mardi gra beads make an appearance. They have an open grill in the front of the restaurant which was pretty cool since the servers grill up oysters and garlic bread for guests. I want you to know that it has been a very long time since I have enjoyed a restaurant from start to finish. I enjoyed everything at this place. This place serves Louisiana brews. I ordered a strawberry lager which was AMAZING! If you like the Sam Adams Cherry wheat you are bound to be impressed. For starters we had the Crawpuppies, mmm these things are a must try! Entrees, I had the signature shrimp and grits and my husband had the DDD featured roast beef sandwich, both were delicious. With the appetizer and entrees being so good my husband and I could not think of skipping dessert even though we were stuffed. We ordered the banana's foster bread pudding, oh my! This was other worldly. It just sealed the deal, we will be back for sure!
My girlfiend and I eat out alot and this local establishment prompted me to start yelping.  Hopefully they treat their tourists and locals who frequent during business days and hours better than we were treated.  Were we given the smallest table in the house - a high top smashed against the wall in flight path of servers and employees to and from the bar area.  The table was the size of a postage stamp.  15 minutes for any employee to actually care to ask for our drink order passed and our waiter took both our drink and food order.  The crabcake app was delicious.  Hardly any filler in the cake and the aioli sauce was perfect.  We both opted for Po Boys after my recommendation based on my last 2 business trips to New Orleans.  My roast beef was very good.  Tasted like a pot roast dinner.  Fresh cut fries are my favorite.  Although I have had better Lola's were good.  Maybe they should change the oil more often but nonetheless I was happy.  My girlfriend however had very average sweet potatoe fries and her blackened shrimp po boy lacked shrimp.  6 baby shrimp buried in lettuce and tomatoe (we requested no tomato)  for 13 bucks was embarrassing.  Follow up was never conducted by our wait staff and when my girlfriend left 3/4 of the bread and all of the "dressings" on the plate, no one asked if she was satisfied.  We eat out at alot of locals places in town and maybe we need to stop by a few more times to be treated like we are treated at some other places we frequent so the staff realizes we are local and not tourists.  That second trip is up for debate right now...30 percent we do 70 percent we dont.
WOW were we happy to be going to see our good friend in Vegas...for 2 months we have been wanting to go to  Lolas. The small restaurant ..maybe 13 tables and a small bar area....2 waitresses and a few kitchen staff....

Ok Drive ins Diners and Dives..get real...this place is so bad....Guy you should be careful of the recommends you dish out.

Good thing we were not starving because we went home wanting for soooo much more from this lunch experience had to offer....

cesar salad......boring basic and tiny..
blackened catfish with side of slaw and greens.....thee cat fish was not blackened it tasted no better than Zatarans cajun seasoning mix...no cruch or blackening what so ever....boring and small ...the greens   so basic   none of the flavors of bacon as stated in the menu ..just salt lingering from the cat fish....the slaw was drippy with mayo and basic....boring.
The oyster poorboy...tasted ok...small...but better than anything else on the table...but 
NOW HERES THE REAL BIG PROBLEM   ... the stupid fries took a bad meal to a BAD EXPERIENCE...simple problem...the fries with the poorboy were cold..the waitress said she would bring another side...and to continue eating and she would bring a fresh HOT order...30 minutes later no fries..the waitress says 'she messed up and she would bring them right away...10 minutes later no fires....ok no worries   we were so far from in love with this joke of a restaurant that we said remove them from the bill and we are outta here...NOT SO EASY......THE WAITRESS SAID SHE PAI D FOR THE FRIES HER SELF..LIKE WHAT DOES THAT MEAN ..ALL BUT 60  CENTS WERE STILL ON THE BILL...WTF?   ok at this point there was no reasoning to be had....we are angry the waitress is daft and the woman who said she could function as the manager was of no help....10 minutes of having a 'situation' they deducted 4$ from the ticket we were free to get the hell outta that crappy place,,

bad food   bad service and apparantly a lousy non concerned cook staff....who the hell is managing this place????

NEVER AGAIN.......THIS DAFT STAFF SHOULD ALL BE FIRED!!!

DID I SAY HOW MUCH I DSLIKE THIS PLACE?
It makes me really sad when I see the one and two star reviews on here because this isn't the experience we had at all. 

I had never heard of this place before and just happened to see it as we drove by on the way to Frankie's Tiki room. Lucky us!! It was about 5pm on a Friday afternoon and there were a few tables open, but we like to sit at the bar and eat. Right away, a really nice guy came to us and asked us where we were from and told us about the menu and the food we were considering.  (I'm mad at myself for not getting his name. I usually do) After we ordered, he talked to us for a while- really nice fellow.

We ordered the Gumbo, Shrimp and Smoked Gouda Grits, and Crabcake Entree. All were awesome and I was especially in love with the grits. Being from the South, I've had my share of grits and I can honestly say these were the best I've ever had, no lie. For desert we ordered this amazing "pie" I don't remember what it was called but the bottom part was cherries in a red wine reduction sauce topped with homemade cheesecake. Oh Lord it was good!!!   During our experience, Lola herself came to the bar and talked to us for a while and told us about how she came to be in Las Vegas and how the restaurant came about. She was really nice and was asking how we liked the food. Very nice gal. I wish her and her restaurant the best and we will DEFINITELY be going back on our next trip to Vegas!!!
Have you been away from New Orleans too long? Are you missing some authentic Cajun or Creole cooking? If you answered yes to those questions as well as others you have then get to Lola's. Guy Fieri came into town and did a segment of "Diners, Drive-in's and Dives" from Lola's. If you are visiting or a local, if Guy can come here, you should make it to Lola's as well.

If you have been away from New Orleans too long, Lola's will make you feel right at home. The decor reminds me of the pleasures of sitting in a New Orleans Cafe eating gumbo and a great piece of Pecan Pie. Not only does the decor make me feel that way, but the food served at Lola's gives me the tastes I remember as well. Gumbo, po boys and more will make you feel like you are back in New Orleans. I'm sure there is someplace in town to get some great Beignets.

I almost forgot to mention the service at Lola's. The service is always great and I feel well taken care of whenever I go. I can't wait to go back again.
My husband and I went to Lola's on Saturday night. He was born and raised in Shreveport, LA so he knows southern cooking. He ordered the Shrimp and Grits and was in heaven. He said this dish was as good as Brennen's in the French Quarter. I ordered the Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya and it was the best I have ever had. To end a spectacular meal, my husband ordered Mamma Deaux's Banana Pudding. He was immediately transported back to his childhood - Nill Wafers and all. At the end of our meal, Lola sat down and chatted with us and a local couple. She is as warm and welcoming as her restaurant and her down home comfort food. We will be returning every time we come to Vegas. I recommend you go early as the restaurant is small and very busy.
We were in Las Vegas for a trade show and we just had to get out of that hotel - it started feeling like a prison!  Used Yelp to find Lola's.

From the moment we walked in the door Lola's was just perfect.  Ice cold Abita beer really hit the spot.  The service was proper and attentive.

The four of us enjoyed the broiled oysters, hush puppies and crab cakes for appetizers.  

For my entree I had the bronzed catfish - it was poetry on a plate!  Order this.  It is just that simple.

Fininshed off with Bananas Foster.  Yum Yum.

If you are Las Vegas and want to get out of the casino and have a real dinner I recommend Lola's.
During my last trip to Vegas, I had to stop and try Lola's.  Another Triple D joint.  Plus it's New Orleans cuisine which I love. 
  
Since Lola's was on Triple D we decided to go after the lunch rush.  Triple D dives are notoriously busy after being aired.    
  
Lola's is a nice and quint place. The décor is purely Louisiana flair, all things New Orleans are on the walls and hanging from ceiling.  As you walk in there's a small two or three person bar on your right and the dining area straight ahead, which appears to seat about 25-30.  
  
There were a few people still seated from lunch and a couple arriving after we had been seated at our table.  Considering they had just finished lunch rush, the empty tables were clean and ready to be seated.  
  
The menu has all the standard New Orleans fair, as it was around lunch we settled on a Shrimp Po Boy and I had the Soft Shell Crab Po Boy.  
  
Our waiter was very attentive and friendly along with a waitress who wasn't busy at the time we sat down.  Between the two of them, we were very well taken care of without actually being hovered over.  
  
I love New Orleans' food.  I go to NOLA every chance I get, two or three times a year, mainly to just eat!  So when I say the Soft Shell Crab was every bit the Po Boy as those I've had in NOLA, I'm telling you the truth, Lola's takes you right back there!  My po boy was seasoned just right and the batter was light and crispy.  Better yet, the crab was fresh!  The crab was prepared properly, so all you could taste was the sweetness of the crab.  The Shrimp PB was also a wonderful surprise.  The shrimp were medium-sized, plump and sweet. Way more than could fit between the bread halves. Once again, very fresh and lightly breaded so you could enjoy the flavor of the shrimp.  
  
I didn't get the gumbo, but the couple at the table next to us did.  The gumbo looked and smelled delicious.  So next time, I will be getting some gumbo.  
  
The prices are very reasonable. Especially considering the freshness of the seafood and French bread which is flown in.  
  
Triple D didn't let me down, Lola's is off the chain!  And I will be back!
Ate at 7 pm on a Wednesday night.  After reading all of the reviews, made a reservation just to be safe, but it wasn't necessary.  Had 2-4 tables open the whole time we were there, plus outside.

I had the fried shrimp po boy.  This comes with 8 good size shrimp.  I thought the roll did not handle the sandwich well.  Also, it was a tad small for $12.  However, the tartar sauce is excellent.  I would eat this again, but not before trying other dishes.  I may get it blackened next time, but the server recommended fried.

I got the potato salad and a side of red beans and rice.  The potato salad was basic mustard.  It was good and homemade, but the flavor was standard.  The red beans and rice needed more spice to it.  I used the louisiana hot at the table.   It was good, but lacked in seasoning.  I tried the gouda grits my buddy got with his shrimp and grits.  Excellent.  I will definitely be back, likely to try the bronzed catfish next time...
I was SO looking forward too Lola ever since I seen it on DDD and only hearing great things about the place from friends gone. The thing craving most was good true authentic Po Boy. You see them around town but all the ones ever tasted not mention names but horrible. I always felt starts with the bread if bread not true then say got problems. The bread was perfect. I got full dressing with my soft shell Po Boy option but well recommend it comes with the sauce/ shredded lettuce, sliced tomatoes and the Soft Shell were MONSTERS. LIterally two on sandwich where just one alone more then half the size of the bread. It fried too perfection. All other Po Boys had not enough of protein order in the sandwich and all taste not as fresh. Lola the soft shell crab sure fresh just on size of them. The fries were good. I really looking forward too Po Boy once realize huge portion you got had no room for the fries. Still eat half! They have five or six of them on the menu. You can count on me going back not only try more Po Boy but so many other things want try jambalaya, gumbo, and goes on and on. 

The atmosphere if very much New Orleans flair from the Saints decorations, I love independent family run business feel, such small place probably hold less then hundred people, and seeing Lola active walking around the restaurant or going in the back cooking it up and talking guest refreshing see in restaurant owner cares. She greeted me walk in and nice person cool see on tv then in person. 

It was pretty packed so good thing just me. I sat at the bar even that is about as small as it gets think eight seats or less. It not bar bar but bartender was really nice guy. Talking stories with him at times. If anything you get too see them grill off bread serve too the tables for entertainment. Do have widescreen there too just saying. 

I huge fan of Lola. Without doubt for me if want TRUE too the HEART creole or new orleans cooking Lola is only place too go. Make sure if go busy times might  want put reservation really small restaurant.
I'm from Nola and this was weak. We ordered crawfish puppies and they were pasty inside. My husband ordered soft shell crab poboy and the batter in the crabs was crazy thick and flavorless, plus they didn't clean out the crabs, yuck. I ordered grilled oysters and they did not properly shuck them from the shell. we also tried the lump blue crab cake and there was no lump about it. SAD experience for me. plusthe server ignored my feedback. If you are familiar with true southern food, cook it yourself.
Easily the most enjoying meal I had while in LV for 4 days.  If you are the type like me who disdains chain restaurants, including the much hyped celebrity chef ones, then give this off-the Strip place a try.  The bowl of jambalaya and crab cake salad were fresh and delicious.  Place was jammed pack already at 11:30am with mostly locals, so come get some.
This is the place to chow down if you're in the mood for New Orleans food! The jambalaya was spicy and loved the andouille sausage and it complimented the shrimp and chicken. I also indulged in a platter of another NO staple, red beans & rice and of course, added the andouille sausage and it was good but not as tasty as the jambalaya. I started out with a cup of gumbo. I am definitely hooked on this place and had the pleasure of meeting Lola and the service was very good. Will definitely return on my next trip to Sin City and will check out the Catfish!
It has been one of those nights when I was hungry but couldn't figure out what I was hungry for.  Looking back on recent trips, I decided I want some New Orleanian food.  So, off to Lola's I went.  The place was busy (always a good sign) and I was greeted by a friendly server.  With all the fleur de lis, Abita logo, paintings of antebellums...I was in Saints country without a doubt.  I sat under Guy Fieri's signed picture.

I got a sweet tea (as I should) and my sister ordered some char-grilled oysters.  According to her, they were good but not similar to Acme Oyster House's grilled oysters.  Since I'm allergic to shellfish, I have to believe it.  She had the shrimp and grits and she loved it.  I like their grits too...really cheesy!  I got the roast beef debris po' boy with fries (featured on Guy Fieri's show on the Food Network: Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives).  My fries were salty so I had to dust off the salt and dip them in lots of ketchup.  They're like the fries from Five Guys but 3 times the salt.

For dessert, we had the sweet potato pecan pie and the BANANAS FOSTER BREAD PUDDING.  The pie was quite good.  The bread pudding with the homemade caramel sauce was out of this world - I don't recommend sharing it.

They have oysters, po' boys, sweet potato, bananas foster, sweet tea, gumbo, étouffée, gumbo...all they need are beignets and alligator.
Best Cajun food in town
It's this great little hole in the wall, A Louisiana Creole-Cajun style restaurant. The staff was very nice and helpful.

As seasoned amateur foodies we like to each order different plates so we can share and try a few things at once.

My wife and I started off with an appetizer, the "Craw Puppies."
Sorry we didn't read the ingredients, but they were very good.
They had the perfect amount of heat, flavor and seasoning. As my wife put it, "the dipping sauce was like WOW! you could have licked the dipping bowl clean it was so good." LOL!  And I totally scraped all I could from it. :-)

Up second was the "Roast Beef Debris Po-Boy" Sandwich as seen on "Diners, Drive-in's and Dives"

Man this Po-Boy was one of the best roast beef sandwiches we've ever had-hands down. It had just the perfect amount of beef gravy and it did not make the bread soggy. The bread crust was flakey and had a nice medium crunch to it.
The beef was tender, the red onions added the right amount of flavoring to it. A must try for sure!

3rd on the list was the "Shrimp Po-Boy Blackened"
Using the same bread, this sandwich had real Cajun flavors in every bite. The blackened seasoning was again WOW! Spectacular! We loved this sandwich and if and when we return to Vegas we will no doubt get this as a go to sandwich.

Finally dessert. We decided on the "Bread Pudding."
This had small chunks of walnuts and raisins with a home made sweet sauce covering it, topped off with whipped cream.
This was very good, not soft and soggy, but firm enough to cut with your fork and not have to eat with a spoon. LOL!

But the home made sauce was what really put this dessert over the top. At first we couldn't figure it out, then it hit me, so I asked the waiter if the sauce had any Jack Daniels in it? Smiling , all he would say was that "it has some booze in it." 
He wasn't willing to give away the secret sauce info. LOL!

All in all, we really loved this place and would definitely go back in a heart beat. And the prices are very reasonable for Louisiana Creole-Cajun style cooking.

TC
Definitely the place to eat when in Las Vegas. Delicious Louisiana Cajun food with the perfect amount of flavor and heat. Love it!
If you can deal with fried food and like fish and sea food, don't miss a chance to have lunch or supper at Lola's.  I had the Oyster Poor Boy and my friend had the cat fish and they were both excellent.  Service was great and friendly.  

We had come into LV from Texas for a four day visit and were determined to find some local places and not give the gambling trade all of our business.

Do your self a favor and try Lola's
This restaurant is small, casual and very busy on the Tuesday evening of our visit.  We chose this restaurant based on its proximity to the Smith Center where we would be seeing the Dr. John show later that evening - talk about synergy.  We were fortunate to score an outside table overlooking Charleston Blvd on this comfortable evening.  Even though it was busy, the wait staff took good care of us so we were out in a more than reasonable time.  My wife ordered the shrimp etouffee which was tasty but a little thinner than she would have preferred.  I chose a house specialty, bronzed catfish over Gouda grits served with an Andouille sausage and mushroom ragout.  The fresh catfish were by far the best I have experienced as were the grits - a 5 Star experience.
Word to the wise: make sure you eat before you go so that by the time your food arrives, you'll be hungry again.

I'm just disappointed that I had to wait 20 minutes to be greeted by our server without the thrill of a lap dance.

We were so thrilled when our server finally arrived, that we gave him our drink, appetizer, and entree selection. I'm not sure if you've heard, but this is how service at a restaurant normally works: You arrive, you're greeted by the host/hostess then seated at the proper table that will accommodate your party size comfortably. Next, the server or server assistant greets you within 5 minutes to take your drink order and offer some appetizer suggestions. Once the drinks arrive they take the order for both your appetizer and your entree or just your appetizer and give you some more time to look over the menu while they put your appetizer in...should I say more? Guess what happened after he took all three orders? Another 20 minutes of staring at each other and our appetizers arrived. They took so long to get to us, I forgot what we ordered! Apparently, we ordered the Craw Puppies. They were good, an innovative dish with an original sauce to match.

Unfortunately, the appetizer was a tease for the beast (my stomach). Guess what came after the appetizer? Another wait...by this time, I was trying to think happy thoughts and sing some lullabies to keep the beast distracted. My date asked if we could have some bread (since all the other tables around us had some) while we were waiting. He also asked the server if he could check on the status of our food. My date decided to take a smoke break while I started to die in slow motion and feel my stomach feed off itself.

Finally, our food arrives. I had ordered the catfish platter which came with two sides. I chose greens and sweet potato fries. The starvation I was experiencing made me so delusional that I actually thought the word "platter" meant more than one piece of fish. Nope...just one. As long as the food took, I was hoping that the cook had gone to the lake and caught a  school  of fish for me to eat. Can you believe that after all that my greens were gross & cold?! AND my sweet potato fries were lukewarm. Unfortunately, I had to work the next day...so I couldn't send them back. I did ENJOY my  catfish, however, as long as it took to make...I was expecting it to be ORGASMIC. I did want to try dessert, but like I said before...I had to work the next evening.


The moral of the story? LUKEWARM THINGS COME TO THOSE WHO WAIT!

MANAGEMENT: AN HOUR AND A HALF FOR A 2 COURSE MEAL?! ARE YOU EFFING KIDDING ME?!! Please feel free to retrain your staff using my tips as a guide. I swear, I won't even take credit for it.
I'm sorry Lola's - I wanted to like you, but I just can't. Downtown is my hood and I'd love to see a wide variety of restaurants flourish, but you've got some work to do.

The location inside the rehabbed Holsum Bread Factory is fantastic. Cool neon outside, nifty factory-like architecture inside. It's also walkable from all of the residential buildings downtown (although a bit of a hike from my beloved Ogden).

I just simply wasn't impressed with the food. It's better than a French Quarter tourist trap (Pere Antoine, I'm looking at you!) but I found my jambalaya uninspired and dry.

It's been a while since I've last been, and I think a return is in order. I'll try something different next time and hopefully I'll be able to revisit this review with more positive feelings.
This place is awesome! Cozy and friendly, the staff is awesome and quick to serve. We sat at the bar and were promptly greeted by the owner herself who was quick to get us some grilled bread and beverages. My husband and i each ordered the shrimp po'boys, his blackened and mine grilled. Both were tasty and paired with some amazingly crispy on the outside, soft on the inside sweet potato fries. Capped off with some Abita beers we were in N'awlins heaven. I will visit here again! Lola rocks and even took time to visit with us and ask how our meals were while she worked behind the counter. :)
If you've ever been to New Orleans then you've probably eaten in a small restaurant in an old building.  I've been to New Orleans twice and Lola's has recreated the feel of New Orleans so much I was almost tearfully sentimental.  I had the BBQ shrimp with rice and french bread which was awesome.  I can't wait to go again and try something new.  This time I'll be sipping on a Turbo Dog.  My only complaint is they are a Saints bar yet they are closed Sundays!
I love this place! Amazing shrimp and the best remoulade sauce in the world!:)
Catfish & Grits, Shrimp Charlotte, Sweet Potato & pecan pie, Bananas Foster Bread Pudding... Fabulous food, everything was great! Service was really good & the old building was a perfect setting. Definitely going back. Can't wait to try everything else.
A friend from out of town was visiting and wanted to go here after seeing it on Food Network.  I had never heard of it but thought it would be a different place to try.  

I'm not big on cajon but I enjoyed it and he seemed very happy with his meal.  I had the blackened chicken and the spices were just right.  

The wine was good too.  Service was also very good.

I would definately return.
Don't nickel and dime me.  The food is not extraordinary, I have been to New Orleans.  The service is slow, slow, slow.  Also the restaurant seating is basically diner like and when the door opens it is cold, cold, cold.  However here is the catch I ordered a meal with two sides.  One of the sides I ordered was grits.  When the bill came the grits were 2.00 more, I questioned the waitress   who said "oh I should have told you that".  She did not take it off the bill.  In addition I did not get any bread and no one asked me if I wanted it.  Sorry no need to return.
So my first visit to this place, my girlfriend and I were meeting to catch up.  She has been here before and i anticipate bringing my husband if all is good.  I am very excited.  We arrived right when they opened, so to see the influx of people appearing at the door after we were seated was encouraging.  Service was fine and basically what you would expect.   I ordered the catfish po boy and fries.  Nice soft bread, lettuce, tomatoes and a tasty sauce...but where's the fish?????  I mean would you pay 11.00 bucks for a McDonald size fish filet split in half?   I did ask our server if this was the normal portion, and apparently so.  I was more disappointed cuz I've so wanted to report back home how good things were and plan a second trip with my hubby.  I was also still hungry.  my Po Boy was "very po" and lacked flavor too.
But I give anyplace a second chance.  But I have a plan.  I'll order the catfish platter and some bread on the side and hope my hubby has a different experience.
This is my very first post, so Lola's at least inspired me.
I was expecting this place to be like Angeline's in Berkeley - authentic Southern goodness... but it ain't... not even by a long shot. The po boy's deep fried soft-crab was greasy and my very unflattering crab cake had mayonnaise on it - disappointing.
This place is great! I wanted to check it out ever since I saw the place on Triple D. It is a small place and I recommend reservations. We were seated and looked over the menu's. I ordered the shrimp and grits.When it came out it looked so good! On the first bite, Awesome! The grits were buttery and smooth. The shrimp had the right amount of seasoning on them that it was easy to devour them and want more! My wife had the Blackend chicken sandwich and she really enjoyed that. The spices were really good. I really think this is one of the best places for shrimp and grits.
Loved that the owner made her way over to us to check on our meal and chat with us a bit. Our service and and the great food will guarantee our return.
I really wanted to like Lola's.  So much so, that I convinced three co-workers to go. We put in our order immediately and ended up waiting almost an hour for our food to come out.  When our food (porboys) came, it turned out to be a very small portion.  I couldn't even taste the catfish on my sandwich because it was so small.  For the price, I feel there should have at least been another piece of catfish on my sandwich.  The sauce on the sandwich was good, and so was the cole slaw.  When the server was asked if it normally takes this long for your order to be ready, he was not very pleasant with his response.  Overall, this was not a very good experience.  I don't think I will be going back.
Funniest comment I heard from my coworkers after we ate at Lola "for the quality of food they served and for the price they charged, they should have thrown in a lap dance for free."

The comment above basically summarized our first and last experience at Lola's. We work near downtown and usually venture out to eat for lunch, especially when new place popped up. 

First the service, the waiter was unfriendly and only showed up to take order and bring our food (an hour later). Beside that, he didn't even care to check on us at all. I give service a "D"

As many of you have commented on here, make sure you eat before you come to Lola because by the time your food arrives, you would have fainted from hunger already. It shouldn't take like a whole freaking hour just to bring us fried catfish po boy, especially when the food portion is small and has no seasoning at all. I give food quality a "D"

This place is pricey but the portion is extremely small. $13 for a small catfish po boy with barely any fish in it. Crawpuppies were extremely tiny and salty. I'm the type of person would pay good money for good food, but I will not pay outraging price for crappy food. I give food value a "D-"

Overall, this place failed badly and I'm surprised of the 4 stars review for this place.
I love a good Po Boy.  Especially ones that have southern or Louisiana attached to it. What other kinds are there?  And I had heard that this place had some good ones.  So I ventured here to try me a shrimp BBQ Po Boy.  Place was a little crowded and the tables are literally right next to each other.

Service was very good despite the crowded house.  I also had an unusual side of cole slaw, can't remember what it was called but it was so good.
The sandwich came and I told the waitress that it should be called the "we don't skimp on the shrimp" po boy.  The shrimp was falling out of the roll.  It was good, but not great.  I felt it lacked a little seasoning or spicyness.

This place is smothered with all things N.O. Saints, if that works for you. The bar is small, only 6-7 bar stools.  Everyone in here seemed to be a local.

I suppose I need to go in to try other things as I'm sure there are better items.  Maybe
Really like this place right off the 15 on Charleston - in the same center as the old Holsum bread place.  The owner is usually hanging around and is very friendly and easy to talk to.  I go mostly for lunch and usually sit at the bar, which is small but sufficient.  I can only speak for the sandwiches, but they have all been delicious.  Good bread and everything else falls in line.  They also have Abita beer which is a plus!  Give this place a shot.
Lola's had always come highly recommended by my co-workers from the New Orleans/Laffeyette area so I was eager to try it. I went there with a big group of friends and found it to be as good as I had heard. 

I have a hard time passing up gumbo if it's on the menu, so that is what I ordered here. Although it was made from a darker roux than I have previously had, it was still delicious with a lot of andouille in the mix. I also got a taste of the grilled salmon and fried catfish and found them to be very good. 

Dessert-wise, I can say with all honesty that the Jack Daniels praline sauce that comes with the bread pudding is one of the tastiest confections I have ever had and if I had not been in public and surrounded by 7 of my closest friends and 30 strangers, I would have probably drank the rest of it and licked the plate clean. 

The jambalaya also looked very appetizing and the po' boys menu has piqued my curiosity. I will be returning in the future that's for sure.

Just a word of warning though, Lola's has a higher-end/gourmet style of presentation so if the only experience you have with Cajun/Creole is the pan roasts at Big Al's, you may find the portions to be a bit lighter than what you're used to. However, you will be more than compensated by the quality of the food, ambiance of the restaurant, and the friendliness of the staff.
Finally had the bronzed catfish today with the gouda grits.  As expected, it was New Orleans in a bowl.  Fantastic dish, I liked it better than the shrimp.

Got the crab dip to start.  This is a fine version of a dip, nothing special.  My wife had the crabcakes.  You get 2 large cakes with the meal, but they are on a bed of greens.  This destroys the purpose, in our estimation, of getting that good crispy exterior, because the lettuce makes the bottoms of the cakes soggy.  Good flavor, a bit too citrusy for me in the sauce.
My friend and I are going to eat at the Triple D restaurants in Las Vegas our first one for 2013 was Lola's OMG I had the Gouda grits with shrimp It was amazing my friend had the roast beef po boy it was also excellent and we planned it around first Friday downtown that was also amazing We will both do both again
This place was fantastic! They seated us right away for a table of two on Saturday night with no reservations. 
We had to start with the Craw-Puppies. They were a little smaller then you would expect but they were super yummy! They come with a delicious aioli to dip. They also have really good starter bread. 
My boyfriend ordered the Shrimp Po'Boy - so good! I had the Catfish and Grits. The catfish had a spicy kick to it! I ended up liking his a little better then mine, but not by much. Both the dishes were blast of creole flavors. 
Absolutely delicious! Definitely coming back here again.
This place is amazing! Try to go on Fat Tuesday, and you get a special treat! I love their Po'Boys, last time I went, I had the blacken chicken which melts in your mouth. I would like to say hats off to the seafood gumbo and grits, its pretty hard to find places to get those two dishes right, and Lola does!

Since this is a pretty popular place, you might have to wait a little while to be seated, but the food is worth it. Can't wait to go back for Mardi Gras!
Finally made it into Lola's.  

Dining here makes you feel like you are eating over at a friend's house.  It is ultra small and cramped and busy busy busy.  

Service was just fine but not great.  Our guy was definitely busy and it showed.  

Prices are fair.  Beers are cheap.  

I had the shrimp and grits.  Delicious!!  Six large shrimp and a pile of grits with bacon.  What more could you need? Oh yeah..cheese!  The grits are gouda grits.  Buttery, cheesy and yum yum yummy.  My husband said they were too cheesy.  I do not believe in such nonsense.  No such thing.  He was quite pleased with his grilled shrimp po boy and said he would order precisely the same thing when we return.  I also slyly nibbled my sisters jambalaya.  It was spicy and flavorful.  Very good.  I can't imagine there is any better Louisiana style cooking in Las Vegas.  

Maybe the best part of the meal was the delightful fig dessert.  The best way to describe it is a large homemade warm fig newton topped with ice cream.  I've never ad anything like it.  It was excellent!! My fellow diners were skeptical of ordering such a wild card but it was the favorite!

Definitely worth a trip downtown!
Great food and wonderful service! The place is rather small but cozy with deco from New Orleans. The parking is an adventure to find. The lot around back is large but would be a little daunting at night. The remains of buildings of years gone by make it a rough road to traverse. We went during daylight hours. There is also a parking lot on the east side of the building. Good luck finding it on your first visit. 

Walking across the back lot and into the building is a challange the first time as there are no signs to guide you. But...we found it...right through the back door along a hall and into Lola's beverage service area. We heard the crowd and zidego (sp) music knowing this was the place.  

The lunch crowd was large and loud....a lot of fun and Lola was wandering around the dining room making sure that patrons were being taken care of and assisting the waite staff when needed. Appeared to be a very hands on owner. 

The food was amazing. My wife and I had Po'Boys. She had the oyster 'loaf' and I tried the Roast Beef Debris. Both sandwiches were very good, hot and fresh. The oysters were huge and mine was like having a pot roast on a roll. The sides were french fries (could've had a little more crunch) and cole slaw which was nice and fresh. We observed other dishes being served. It's not hard to gawk is a small room. The shrimp Etoufee' looked very good as did the catfish plate, gumbo and crawpuppies. 

To finish up our experience our waitress recommended the 'Lola's Famous Bread Pudding'. OMG is all I can say. It was warm and covered with  Jim Beam praline sauce and toppped with whipped cream. Yum.

We will definitly go back and the next time we'll know where the back door is and not get sorta lost. The front of the place faces east Charleston and looks nice when you drive by ON Charleston. But you can't get there from there. Use Mapquest.
I came here quite some time ago for lunch with a friend. I had previously been to this locale when it was a pizza place and had been anxiousto check Lola's out.

We sat outside because the weather was nice, I appreciate the effort put into trying to create an pleasan atmosphere despite the fact that Charleston Blvd. traffic is 15 feet away.

My friend ordered the po-boy and I orrrrrdered the New Orleans style bbq shrimp. after we placed our order we waited, waited and waited for what seemed like forever. It started to get kind of hot outside and we had 5 minutes before our lunch break ended and we still had not received any food. I headed to the bathroom because I started to feel dizzy and I fainted right outside. Literally fainted. That is why I felt compelled to write this because another Yelper half-jokingly said you could faint by the time they bring you your food. 

Somehow my friend got me and all of our stuff together and we headed back to work. Later in the evening I tried my  shrimp and it was fine. The dish came with like 5 pieces of shrimp, and the dish cost like 15 dollars. I will not be back.
Being that I lived where Creole food is very popular I was excited to see Louisiana cooking here in vegas. 

The hostess wasn't that good, seating us in the "hallway" rather than in the cozy dining room, but oh well. It was a bit noisy for our taste anyway, but the waitress totally forgot about us. 

Just due to the service I almost give them two stars, but the food made up for it! The mud bug's were spot on and the salad was excellent as well! The gumbo is very nice. 

In closing this is the best Creole food that I have had outside of Houston-Biloxi. In that region I would have only given it two stars, but for not being in the area it is great. 

I will return, but I hope service is better the next time that I go.
Good food but the service is very poor. My drink was never refilled and nobody came by to see if i needed anything. I only saw the waitress when I ordered and then again with the bill. The extremely busy bus person brought my food. I wanted to have coffee and dessert but I wasn't going to wait another hour for that. It's a shame because the food is very good.
Every now and then I come across a specialty restaurant known for some amazing ethnic food or just something completely odd that also happens to serve the perfect burger. I'm not here to present one today, as Lola's didn't provide me anything worthy. I've really enjoyed all of the dishes I have tried over the past couple years, but never even considered getting a burger there until someone suggested it months ago. And as the rule typically goes for me, if only one person in this city has suggested the burger there, it's probably for a reason.

Lola's is a really tight space in the Holsum Lofts building on Charleston at the 15 next to a now-abandoned antiques store. The restaurant has a bunch of two and four seat tables, 6 seats at the bar plus another little 2 seat high top, and a bunch of seating outside during the warm months. It can get very packed very quickly during lunch and dinner so either get there early or prepare for a bit of a wait if you choose to come during peak times, I think they may also take reservations. The parking lot sucks and also fills up quickly so keep that in mind if you're running late. Their menu features everything you can expect from a restaurant with the title "A Louisiana Kitchen"; crab cakes, catfish and grits, po'boys, bread pudding, etc. Everything I've had here has always been rich and tasty, so when someone suggested the burger I got a bit excited. How can a place that does nearly everything right screw up a burger?

Lola's burger is a never frozen, lean beef patty with lettuce, tomato, mayo and mustard. Knowing what typically gets served here, I was shocked to see a puny burger show up in front of me. The meat had ok flavor, but no char and totally overcooked beyond the medium rare I ordered. The bun was thin, small and way too generic. The tomatoes were not very red and fairly weak, the mayo and mustard were barely present. Overall there was nothing juicy about this as their online menu claims, and I really questioned whether I need to try a burger at every single place in town just in case they have that one secret amazing burger. I'm starting to think the answer is no. Everyone can put a burger on their menu to satisfy that one odd person in the group that doesn't want to eat the amazing Louisiana food that's served there, or the pizza that everyone else is getting, but if it's nothing great then what's the point? There are certainly exceptions to the rule, but I need to start limiting myself to restaurants that I know for sure provide something at least somewhat worthy of reviewing.

The fries on the other hand were actually pretty good. Not sure if they were entirely fresh but cooked really well; skin on with a decent amount of seasoning. There were lots of little crunchy bits, but I wish there was a bit more of the larger pieces as there weren't too many actual fries to chow down on with my burger. My meal came to $12.42 with an iced tea and an extra dollar for my not completely melted swiss cheese, basically far too much for a burger meal of this caliber. I don't think I need to reiterate that you shouldn't come here for the burger; there is plenty of great Louisiana style food here that you can't go wrong with, so just stick with that.
The gumbo was GREAT!  I will have to go back to try something else.  I was in a hurry this time around.
This is, without a doubt, the best Cajun food I have had outside of south Louisiana.  It felt like home walking into the restaurant, small hole in the wall, nothing fancy.  The food was great, served hot and reasonable time.  The Shrimp & Gouda Grits were amazing.  It was amazing to find real Leidenheimer french bread outside of southern La.  Tried three desserts, all were great:  Bread pudding, Choclate Cake & the Fig Cake.  Will try the Banna's Foster Bread Pudding next time.  This place is on my 5 Star list and I'm a Foodie.
Had a great time this weekend at Lola's the shrimp and grits were the best I ever ate. Crab cake delicious my granddaughter had the PO boy soft shell crab also good. My sister had the grilled oysters yummy. Bread pudding I've had better but it was tasty. My fam that ordered the jambalaya found it too spicy to eat so it went back. All in all a good eat. Oh yeah my granddaughter said the banana pudding was good but not as good as yours granny. I love that chick.
Having never been east of Utah, I can't speak to how authentic Lola's is. I can say that what we had was delicious and we will become regulars. I had Jambalaya that was outstanding. My significant other had a smoked ham sandwich that was superb.
Finally made it down to Lola's!

We went with the Charbroiled Oysters to start :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#2KX0qqRWWzza4lvTzNQ1cw

They are dressed with Garlic, Lemon, and a blend of cheeses! These were pretty good!  Not mind blowing but good at around $12-13 if I remember correctly.

I went with the Blackened Shrimp Poboy on New Orleans French Bread! 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-las-vegas?select=-rgLE3shfCXIeA1fprAIGg#09IBYP8kA8h-iBcCyldMuA

Great sandwich...just wish the shrimp were a little larger taking into consideration the price, but they were cooked well and had tons of flavor!  For some odd reason, I was served my sandwich without my fries though...they came later, after I took my time taking pics of both entrees, eating bites of both entrees, and starting on my second half of the sandwich, the fries finally came.  I did like the seasoning on them though...slight cajun salt style on some "well done" cooked fries.

The Bronzed Catfish and Grits : 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#26bezKK4tDMzoxIcy2zvdA

Fresh Catfish, Bronzed, over Smoked Gouda Grits with Andouille Sausage and Mushroom Ragout. Cooked well and very yummy! Would recommend it!  Portions were a bit small in comparison to other cajun/southern style places we have been to in town though, and the prices were not cheap (not expensive either) in that reflection, but still good.

For dessert, there was a miscommunication...we wanted the Banana Foster Bread Pudding but got the regular banana fosters instead :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#2nBYfnTojNkJf_zpe0iAoQ

It was good, but not nearly as good as the bread pudding! 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lolas-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#6VaYCDgiODV53TnSZylS_A

It is made of Banana Bread / Bread Pudding, fresh Bananas, Vanilla Bean Ice Cream and Fosters Sauce! Very very good!! This was the highlight of the night for me!  The top of the ice cream had a slight creme brulee like crisp on it too!

Small complaint.  When we saw that we received the wrong intended dessert, we told the server and she ordered us the right one.  We had a bite or two of the wrong dessert thinking there might be some bread pudding hiding in there, but we quickly realized it was the wrong order.  They never took the wrong dessert off the table, so we ended up picking at it a bit, but still left at least 70% of the dessert on the table.  When the tab came through, we got charged for both.  I didn't complain or say anything, but the server asked us if we ate any of the wrong item, and I said we picked at it, but left most of it on the table.  She then offered to pay half of the plate costs $4 of the $8...

If this was almost at any other restaurant in town, the wrong order would have been comped.  If I would have raised a fuss, it would have been comped.  But because I didn't do that, Lola's paid for half..take it for what you will.

Overall, I can recommend this place, but the price/portion ratio isn't as solid as some of the other Cajun/Southern style spots in town, and the food was good, but not mind blowing good like Cajun spiced food should be!  A very solid 3 star spot in my book.

90/100 challenge
Call me simple, but I sure do love a po' boy sandwich.

My parents and I decided to drop in for dinner before catching a show at the Smith Center. You'll notice their Louisiana spirit just by taking a glance around! Their dining area is cozy and a little tight so you should call in advance if you have a large group.

The fried catfish po' boy was my catch of the day. When it finally came to the table, I peeked into my sandwich and saw a meager catfish filet that resembled those of my poor college student days. The breading was bland, but the fish was moist. Other than that, they followed through on my request to be easy on the mayo and tartar sauce. Their bread is magical. I don't even know how, but it is.

The service was mediocre. Perhaps it was just a busy night and we were in a hurry, but our food seemed to take forever to get from the kitchen to our table. Not sure if the bread was complimentary or if it was to appease our growing appetites as we waited. On a positive note, our waitress was very accommodating and even put in a rush order for us, which I'm very thankful for.

All in all, there were some hits and misses, but their menu's enough for me to return someday and try their gumbo, sweet potato fries, and their banana fosters.
Decent food and great atmosphere. They seem a bit short staffed though. Waited two hours after being promised 40 minute wait time. Then took 10 minutes for drinks to hit our table and then 40 minutes for food to hit the table. People (family of 3) were seated after us (5 friends) and served their food first. The prices were ok, but just put off by the long wait. They can customize a lot of the food to tailor your spice preference. Would probably not go back to be honest.
What a hidden gem!  The shrimp and grits is to die for and the bread pudding is the best I've ever had. Be careful going at lunchtime though...service is super slow around noon.
Best food outside ya mama's kitchen! Gumbo! Yeah! Shrimp creole? Uh huh! Shrimp and grits? Out a' site! Remoulade? Yep! Dont forget to order the bread pudding and banana's foster.  Coming back for the soft shell crab po' boy on leidenheimer bread
I had the worst experience. My crab cake was good BUT, it had huge pieces of crab shell in it and it almost chipped my tooth and I don't mean a little piece of shell because that is understandable but I could tell you exactly where the piece of hard shell came from(claws, legs, and it body..and it wasn't a leg shell). I did takeout and it took an hour just to get my food and I was hoping that well hopefully I will have a great experience with the food...NO NO NO I ordered the blackened catfish Po'Boy as well and my fries were burnt, very flimsy no crispness, and they weren't hot. Oh I did have one crisp fry that wasn't burnt...Like the fries were fried this morning and been sitting there all day and they mixed in a fresh batch just to make it seem like they were just fried or they recooked them. Then my Po'Boy uhhh where do I start!!! The fish was very bland and I don't understand how it can be bland and it's blackened. It definitely needed salt for taste. Waaaay to much mayo and the tartar sauce tasted like unflavored mayo. So in my mouth I just taste a bunch of oily based spread. The bread was stale so when I bit into it..well I tried to. The whole inside slipped out and I was left with still trying to tear a bite off the bread. Overall I give it a BIG ZERO. That's why either Guy Fieri only talked about the Beef Debris Po'Boy because everything else was nasty or they allowed for the recognition to go to their head and now they don't care about the food quality...and I'm guessing the second part is right because I had autographs on both of my takeout containers and I didn't even ask for it. Thank you LOLA'S for the horrible experience I will never come back.
Lola's. Finally. You've been on my To Eat list for so long and I'm very glad you came thru for me. I was skeptical after sitting (wait standing)  for 15 minutes waiting to be seated watching everyone run around a little scatterbrained and confused. However the smell coming from the food all around me told me to be patient. Glad I listened to my nose. 
We were seated outside and our waitress was sweet but overworked and not 100% attentive. You're probably wondering why I gave this place 4 stars. 
A couple of reasons. 
Firstly and mainly- the food. 
Everything was good. The wings (level 10 is like a level 5 of Thai spice) for sure made with a homemade Louisiana style sauce. 
Crab cake- yum. 
Fettuccine Alfredo with blackened chicken was for sure from scratch and had a hit of Cajun flare. 
Shrimp Charlotte, angel hair with light sauce, mushrooms and shrimp. Spicy and a tad dry but the flavor & a squeeze of a lemon made up for it. 
Secondly- their effort. Scatterbrained or not, everyone there was truly busting their butts! I can't wait to return for some gumbo and catfish. 
Oh and also make a reservation- this place is packed for a reason.
Terrible service!  I would never go back no matter how good the food is.
Ignored for 10 min then finally ordered drinks from a busser person, another 10 min till unfriendly Crystal the waitress showed up with " so what can I get you?".  
After We placed our order, that was  the last time we saw her!  She didn't even bring our food out much less check on us.  Everytime we needed a refill or extra napkins, we gad to get it from a bartender.
We wanted to talk to the manager but e said he was too busy right now.
Very diappointed.
I've been to Lola's at least twice now and I really enjoy the catfish po' boy! The atmosphere is nice with a bit of hussle and bussle. The second time I was there I sat in the outdoor seating area and they were doing a photo shoot for some of the food they have. Ended up getting some free oysters for appetizer before the meal. They were great and probably tasted even better because they were free :-). I definitely look forward to coming here again.
I recently tried Lola's for the first time during lunch with a few friends. I am a huge fan of cajun/creole food, and Lola's did not disappoint! 

We tried the gumbo and the crab/artichoke dip to start, both were awesome!! I am usually not a fan of any kind of spinach/artichoke/cheesy mess of a dip, but this was AMAZING. It was full of crab meat and was seriously delicious.

They also have Abita beer which is a huge plus-it brings back crazy nights in New Orleans and it goes down great with the spicy food! 

We all had po'boys, blackened and fried shrimp and the roast beef one. The blackened shrimp was bomb-spicy but not overpowering ( I accidentally poured on too much habanero hot sauce but it was still delish) but if you don't like mayo-request for them to skip it. The sweet potato fries were great as well.

But BEST of all-the service! I think her name was Cristal? Nicole? Ehhh I may have still been drunk from the night before but she was an awesome girl and kept our drinks full and put up with us. Major win in my book! Even other members of the staff would walk by and keep an eye on the table, even overheard me talking about a straw and was quick to offer me one out of no where! I had a great lunch and will be back-and will definitely tell others to check it out!
Love the gumbo and the poBoys are spot on! I highly recommend this spot for authentic N'walin flare. Triple DDD Guy F. gave this spot high marks and I so agree. I gave it  4 stars cuz we had to wait for our food for awhile. But it was well worth it after I saw the big portions and the pasta alfredo was succulent and savory. Hmmm-Hm! Will go back for crawfish served only on Fridays and weekends. Luv our waitress with her southern accent! This place deserves another comeback y'alls!
Some of the best Cajun/creole food I've had in LV!  Really a hidden gem and not dirty or greasy like many of the Creole places I've been.  You should call ahead tho if it's a weekend, they have limited seating.  That Grilled bread is the bomb!
Missing some good ol' southern food, we decided to give this place a shot. Came here on a Friday night, and the crowd wasn't too bad. Had to wait about an hour after our reservation because diners did not want to leave their tables even after eating and I couldn't blame them. The restaurant had a great Naw'leans vibe to it and the outside bistro seating was charming. We started with the Crawpuppies and they were really good but the sauce made the dish. We ordered a pound of crawfish and a fried shrimp po'boy for dinner and was not disappointing. The crawfish was a little too spicy for my taste but they do warn you on the menu. The fiance is from Louisiana so the spicyness was perfect for her. The only reason for the one missing star was the service. Our food kept being sent to different tables that sat after us so it took a really long time to get our food. The whole dinner plus wait time took about 3 hours but it was well worth the food. Will be going again very soon.
Very cool little cajun place. They were featured on DDD. The cajun chicken sandwich is very good. Its not too salty or spice or too much cayenne. Its perfect amount of spice. The gumbo is delicious. They also have a roast sandwich which was picked as ddd favorite. You have to try it. Everything seems to work. If your looking for cajun food with that southern charm this is the place. They are a smaller restaurant but everything seems to work. On nice days in vegas you can sit outside and enjoy the traffic and food.
I can't wait to go back! We had lunch there and arrived at 11:30, we were seated in the back hallway. It was a little weird, but judging by how many people were there it must be good eats! I ordered a sample platter that is not on the menu and includes a cup of etoufee, gumbo and red beans and rice. We also ordered sweet potato fries to start. Fries arrived right away and lunch soon after. We did not have to wait long. EXCEPTIONAL! My sample platter didn't look like much but it was a whole lot of food. I could only eat about half and I can put food away. Half way through lunch, it was standing room only for seating. This little joint is amazing! As long as it stays on point, we will be regulars!
Gumbo sucks....bad. I was disappointed.
I am from the south and eat/cook Cajun food regularly.
The crawfish were salty... Not spicy.
I only ate these two items... Otherwise the staff was friendly, and as I looked around I saw some very well put together plates.
So I was finally able to check out Lola's.  I grew up in New Orleans and still love the NOLA food, but it is hard to find good stuff out west.  I found out about this place from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives on TV.  It looked good so I added it to my list.  It only took me a year to get down to Lola's, but I did finally get there!

We went for lunch and were pleased by the menu.  It offered a lot of yummy NOLA specialities and things I remembered from home, especially the Po Boys.  Let me tell you, nothing beats a good shrimp Po Boy in my book, so you know I ordered that!  We also got a catfish Po Boy, because that is the second best sandwich in the world, if I do say so.

Well the food came out and it was good, a little better than average, but didn't blow my socks off.  We ate everything on the plate, meaning our entire sandwich each and all of our fries, but were still a little hungry.  We didn't have time for dessert because we had a crazy 18 month old with us, so we didn't get to sample any of the desserts, which did look good, but not enough to deal with our crazy monkey.

It seems that for the price we paid for the sandwiches ($12 each) that we would have been full after eating every single scrap of food on them.  I know that Lola's imports their bread and seafood from NOLA, so I am sure that is why the prices are a little higher than I would expect, especially for Downtown.  I think it would be worth it if you got an extra piece of fish on each sandwich and maybe an extra piece of yummy Gulf shrimp to make the price a little more reasonable.  We actually were talking to a neighboring table a lot and they had the same comment about the price that we had and they had order entrees like red beans and rice and gumbo.  So the food was good, but a little high for what you actually get, in my opinion.

I would have given Lola's a 4 star easily, but our service was rather lackluster.  We were seated for 10 minutes before our server came over to us.  We had actually had more interaction from a server in the next section because my daughter, the crazy 18 month old mentioned above, was flirting with him and blowing him kisses.  I never get any attention from anyone unless she is around!  Anyway, if we had had him for a waiter, I think we would have had a better time, but our server was just swamped or something.  We hardly saw her and when we did, she seemed not to really care about us and just bothered with us.  I am not sure why because we are super nice and great tippers, oh well, her loss.

So we will probably give Lola's another shot next time we are Downtown and hopefully we get a better server.
Crawfish and seafood gumbo...order it.  You can only order crawfish on Friday's too.
Bomb food!
Although they were closed, the owner let us sit and order. Just be warned, they seat  only until 8:30 even though it says they close at 9. 

Also, this restaurant was on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives. So if you love the show as much as I do, make sure you stop in here. 

I had the crab cakes and they were excellent. All crab and no filler with Cajun spices and a good sear. It also comes with tons of salad and a delicious aoli/dressing. 

My mom had the cat fish and wouldn't share but I gotta taste of her crab cakes and they were so creamy and delicious. I could've eaten a whole plate. 

Although it took a while to get the food, it was totally worth it, and the service was very good. Especially since they let us in after their official last seating. 

We ordered the bananas foster bread pudding and the sweet potato pecan pie. Both were excellent, or so my mom says (she wouldn't share her bread pudding, too good) 

Make sure you stop here for dinner, much better than anything on the strip!
I must apologize for the words I placed here regarding the owner, let's just say that we witnessed un-pleansantries with servers and customers.  But the food is great, and I know there's a 2nd location opening in N. Town Center Dr.  

Hubby and I had the chicken wings (sooooo darn tasty, borderline salty, but real good... stuff I think I'd crave if I'm pregnant ;), the bronzed catfish was UHmazing, melt in your mouth spiced goodness with equally scrumptious cheesy grits and a mushroom sauce.  I was so happy to have found a place that had charbroiled oysters (not raw, not baked, but a good in-between prep) topped with butter, lemon and a little cheese. If the oysters were larger, it would've been perfect.  And since it was my very first time to try gumbo (yes, it was), I can't really say if theirs was good.  But if they did serve a typical gumbo, I just don't think I'm a gumbo gal.  

The place has a good selection of beer and wine, but I was desperately craving vodka or a light cocktail.  Wine just fills me up too fast when I'm already having a heavy meal.  The crowd also significantly thinned by 8 and 9pm.  Maybe they wanted something substantial to wash away the heavy goodness... or the disagreeable service.  Go to Lola's in a cheerful mood with cheerful friends, or order the food to go.
Staying in Vegas for a family vacation and wanted some good "off the strip" eating. Found Lola's on yelp and decided to try it. To start we had the hush puppies, crab dip and oysters. I could have done without the crab dip though the rest of the table devoured it :) oysters and hush puppies were delic!  For dinner I had the combo platter with greens and green beans. It was a BIG plate!! The green beans were amazing and a must try. Other folks at the table had catfish and grits (delic!) crab cake platter (awesome!) gumbo (good but my least favorite on the table) and bbque shrimp ( tasty). We tasted the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding for dessert - yeah amazing! Overall service was great and food was delicious. Definitely make reservations - we came on a Tuesday night and it was packed by 7pm. A must try if you are in the area.  For 5 people + apps + dessert + two drinks our bill was $140 before tip. Pretty darn affordable ( in my humble DC over-priced opinion ;).
Ate here last night.  Busy, great service, wonderful Louisiana fare.  Bread pudding is the best!
Dozen charbroiled oysters.
Shrimp and grits.
Crawfish Étouffée.
Abita: Amber & Purple Haze. 

Hooks for purses at the bar. Alleluia! A woman must own this joint! ;) (those of you that don't know, Lola IS a woman, lol). 

I just took my medication so if this review is all over the place, you now know why, ha! My favorite part of the meal was the shrimp and grits. Grits were creamy with a smooth texture that complimented the shrimps that sat on top of them. I was pretty disappointed on the shrimp to grits ratio, I would've rather have had more grits on my plate. 

Our last visit was quite a disappointment, we had sandwiches that tasted quite disgusting, I forget what it was called, garbage or something, and really, that's what it tasted like. The last time that I had the étouffée it tasted a little burnt and wasn't much of a fan but this last visit changed my mind on a lot of things, for the good :)

TIP: They're a small restaurant and get really busy so I'd suggest to make reservations. Being on the Food Network will do that to a place ;)
This place is off the hook. Definitely one of the best meals that my wife and I have ever had. If you are ever in Las Vegas this is a "MUST" place to eat. Upon arriving we were greeted nicely and seated promptly by Ryan (who is a top notch waiter in our opinion). Ryan really knows the food on the menu and answered all of our questions with a professional confident attitude and a great sense of humor. He recommended the Charbroiled Oysters as an appetizer, a Blackened Shrimp Po Boy sandwich for my wife and the Blackened Shrimp & Grits and an Abita S.O.S. beer for me (an awesome beer!). The quality of ingredients used were first rate and the preparation and flavors were as good as it gets. We finished off the meal with a Banana's Foster Bread Pudding dessert and like the rest of the meal it was incredible. We saw this place featured on Diner's, Drive-in's & Dives and it totally lived up to the hype. When we come back to Las Vegas again this will be the first place we go to eat.
I have been wanting to try here for a while. The location is fairly small. The food was great, My boyfriend had the gumbo and I had the fettuccine alfredo with blackened shrimp. Very yummy. We, also, split a crab cake which was delicious and one of the best I have ever had.
My friends decided to have a surprise party for me and two other friends all born within the same week in May.  The surprise wasn't just the birthday party surprise, but how good the food served at this restaurant!  

Everyone told me "you must get the shrimp and grits..."  what do I do?  I get the Shrimp and Grits and two other dishes...haha...sharing with my friends of course!  

Now I've been to New Orleans and I've have the authentic grits from the south, Grits in NOLA is still the best, but the shrimp and grits at Lola's comes PRETTY close to the grits down south!  So creamy and cheesy and perfectly paired with cajun spiced shrimp....amazing and fixed my craving for the time being!  If you are craving some shrimp and grits, Lola's is definitely the place to go to get that in Vegas!  

Another memorable dish I had here were the crawfish hush puppies or they like to call it the crawpupppies!  Very good, crunchy on the outside and soft and flavorful on the inside.  I think I ate like 3 of those delicious bite sized pieces of fried goodness!  

I wasn't a fan of the BBQ shrimp, and we also got a noodle dish that was pretty good (forgot the name). 

My other friend ordered the Gumbo, which tasted like gumbo.  It was good, and tasted authentic, but when it comes down to what was the best dish, The shrimp and grits won the challenge!  

I'll definitely be coming back here to try other dishes on their menu real soon! =D
Summary:  2-star food, with 1-star service.  I'm rounding up by giving them 2 stars.  Let's review this by separating the kitchen from the waitstaff.  Note to Lola:  You were at a wine tasting, and your staff does a horrible job when you are not there.  I'm sorry for the detailed review, but I'm hoping that Lola actually sees this and responds.  

Food:
Drinks:  Interesting beers in bottles.  Nothing on tap.  
Apps:  Crab/artichoke dip was good.  Crawfish puppies (hush puppy knock off) was not worth the money or the calories.  The salad is unimaginative and tasteless, but at least it wasn't brown lettuce.  
Entree:  a pound of crawfish, ordered medium, came out with the appetizers and was cold when we wanted to eat them.  They remade them for us, but it was so spicy and salty that it was impossible to enjoy.  The crawfish are pre-cooked, instead of being cooked to order, as told to us by our server.  They had blackened salmon on the menu and tons of po' boys, so I asked if they could make me a salmon po' boy...no dice.  Apparently, no one in the restaurant was willing to "take the risk" of changing the menu while Lola was out of the restaurant.  Anyway, the blackened salmon was well-cooked, but over-seasoned.  I like spicy, but you lose the flavor with this amount of blackening spice.  I asked for a side of sweet potato fries, but I can't tell you if they taste good or not (see the service comments).  Debris po' boy was all hype, and not up to DDD (curse you Guy Fieri).  The meat was good, but the gravy was cold.  The catfish po' boy was solid.  The soft shell crab po' boy was a nice sized chunk of crab, breaded and deep-fried.  Too much breading, too much bread, too much mayo.  

Total bill $150, and I'm going to make some food now that I'm home.  I'm hungry and irritated.  

Service:  
Ambiance:  We sat outside, so some things are harder to control, but the entire patio was blinded by the setting sun, but no employees did anything about it, even after we asked.  I had to go take one of the restaurant umbrellas from the side of the patio and position it to block the sun.  This helped enough tables that I received a large round of applause.  (We weren't the only table suffering.)  Flies all around our table too.  
Servers:  Our server had little knowledge of the menu, since she was a vegetarian.  Our water glasses were never filled until the end of the meal when someone asked for some...and she only filled that one glass.  The crawfish entree for one of our group came out with appetizers, with no response from the server.  She acknowledged that they shouldn't have come out so soon, but left them there and walked off.  They took my silverware away with my salad, so I had none for my piece of salmon.  I waved politely to get someone's attention, but one waitress in particular (Beth - blonde curly hair) looked right at me on three separate occasions and walked away.  (note:  Beth was not our waitress.)  They brought me the wrong side dish (no big deal) and made me sweet potato french fries (which the waitress had recommended).  And I had asked for a side of BBQ sauce, because it is the greatest condiment in the world...The waitress asked if I wanted the house-made signature BBQ sauce or the stuff they get from a bottle...duh.  5 minutes later, the fries were still pretty hot, and I reminded the waitress for the BBQ sauce.  So 15 minutes later the fries were warm, I asked a 3rd time for the BBQ sauce.  After 35 minutes, my fries were cold and I had given up on them entirely.  My GF asked the waitress "what happened to the BBQ sauce?" and she brought me out a tiny cup of it, and told me it was "the junk from the bottle" since it takes too long to make the house-made sauce.  Oddly enough, I didn't feel like eating it.  When it was time for our check, we gave them our credit cards and waited for 15 minutes.  When no one picked up the cards to process them, I walked them in and gave them to a waiter (again, not our own).  10 minutes later, as I came back from the restroom (filthy), I saw our check and walked over and asked a waiter (again, not ours) if anyone could please run the cards so we could leave.  Finally, the end of this mess.
We had a craving for cajun and found this place via Yelp!  So we decided to make the 30-minute drive and check out the hype.

Friendly staff!  Food was delicious!!  Price could have been a little bit better!

Between my wife, daughter, & I, the bill ended up being approximately $50 (inclusive of tip) for a late afternoon lunch.  I had the po' boy oysters w/sweet potato fries.  The wife ordered the oyster platter and small cup of gumbo, while my teen daughter settled for the chicken strips w/fries.  The oysters dishes were great and they are a must order, in my opinion.  The sides were all prepared well and complimented the meals perfectly.

The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because of the price.  I think everything we ordered was worth the price tag except for the gumbo and chicken strips.  $5 for a small cup of gumbo and $10 for some chicken strips was, in my opinion again, a bit too much.  Everything else was reasonable for the portion sizes and tasty-ness experienced.

BOTTOM LINE - We'll be back for seconds; however, this can't be a regular place for us due to the cost.
I have been looking for a Cajun restaurant for several years and I think I found it in Lola's.  I went to lunch there with two friends and I was not disappointed.  We were seated right away and the wait staff was friendly and prompt.  I do not think I had a chance to put my empty drink glass down before I had a refill.  Very good service.

I started with a Po Boy Oyster Loaf and my friends had the Bronzed Catfish and the Roast Beef Debris.  None of us came away unsatisfied.  Unfortunately, we did not have time for dessert, but I will make sure to make room for it next time!
Went to Lola's today for a business lunch.  I was excited to return - I'd come by when they were in their first couple of months of operation for dinner and had a wonderful time.  Today was not so hot. The food was excellent - the service? boooooooooooooooo.

We were there for lunch and it was clearly busy.  But we didn't see a waiter or waitress for nearly 20 minutes after being seated.  No drinks, no menus, no nothing.  I finally saw a guy at the other end of the cozy dining room and raised my hand to get his attention.  He actually looked up, waved at me, rolled his eyes and proceeded to continue laying out silverware as if we didn't exist.  Is he related to someone there?  Only reason I can think of to have such a bad attitude at the front of the house representing your business. 

A few minutes later the (manager? co-owner?) came by and finally asked to take our drink orders.  I let him know about the fact that his staff had ignored us.  (eyeroll was still laying out silverware at the end of the dining room, so was easy to point out).  No apology and no acknowledgment from that guy either.  Fish rots from the head down i guess.  

Fortunately, our server Emi came in and the meal went well from there.  The service was adequate but slow. Unfortunately, i won't be returning here or hosting any other business lunches here.  Poor service trumps good food every time.
We wanted to give this place a try, as we had seen it on triple d, and we love Creole food. We drove out from the strip ( only a couple of miles ) and had a late lunch here. It is a little place in a small strip mall, but the food is very good. The service was quick and friendly. We tried the grilled oysters for an appetizer, which were pretty good, but not quite up to the Acme Oyster House in Louisiana.The crawfish ettoffee was very good and not overly spicy. Some places haven't figured out that the key to good Creole food is the flavor of the spice, not the quantity. The fried seafood platter was good, not great. It was a little greasy, but overall was OK. For this type of food to find its way into Las Vegas, is a great change of pace to the overpriced, over hyped places in this town. If you want something different that doesn't break the bank, give this place a try.
What a huge dissapontment!  Ordered two Po'Boys ( grilled chicken and grilled shrimp).  The bread although soft was a bit dry and the quantity and quality of the ingredients inside are a disgrace to New Orleans cooking.  My shrimp po boy literally had 6 pieces of shrimp in it and didn't come dressed which I asked for.  Maybe we ordered the wrong thing?  I bumped up the rating one star for the salad (nice fresh greens and a spicy dressing which I realy liked and the coleslaw; although I didn't think it warranted a $1 add charge.   
Unfortunately Lola, I won't be coming back.  
BTW- This is the second restaurant on the show DDD that I have been greatly dissapointed in.
Loved this place.  It was great to find this place off the strip.  Small not fancy place but everything about it is big.  Big flavors and big personality (our server was funny and just awesome).  The food was really good.  Try the broiled oysters.  My god, I just wanted to eat more and more. the entrees were good depending on what you ordered good beer and the desserts were awesome. Get the sweet potato pie.  This place is very casual.  Go if you want a no fuss restaurant with good Cajun food and great service.
Really good food! Fast service! I had a shrimp plate that was amazing ! And my bf got chicken Alfredo with black chicken was great also. itotally recommended
Let's start with the food, well it's actually pretty good, it's close to what you will actually find in the Big Easy, it's not up to the standard of some of the good New Orleans restaurants but it's pretty good.

I had the BBQ shrimp, which is 5 shrimp (of a good size) on white rice with a BBQ sauce...For $16...Yeah the price is a little steep for what you get, but it was good. Now it did instantly remind me of the shrimp dish I had at Grind Brgr Bar in Palm Springs, just not as good and 3 times the price.

The wife had the Shrimp and grits....Yeah she is a good southern girl...Wanna be, her Cali heritage though actually liked the dish, again 5 shrimp, grits, for $16...

For dessert we went for the bread pudding, now, this is the star of the place, it's probably the best bread pudding I have eaten, period, so if you are a bread pudding lover then head over there just for that.

Now you are probably wondering why only 3 stars, well, the service.....

Holy crap, we could have easily walked out of the place without paying the bill, despite being seated in front of the waiter station, for whatever reason our waitress decided that we were to be ignored, I actually had to call someone over to ask if she had died....

I should have guessed it was going to be this way when the busser took our drink order, told us """" would be our waitress, then after a while he took our order and delivered the food...then refill drinks, even though by this time he was actually off the clock and in street clothes ready to go home.....And the bill....Yep he dropped of the bill...In fact the only time she actually showed was to collect the bill....

Now sure, wait staff can get busy, but this is a small place, you would really have to be trying for the wait staff to lose you...

But she actually managed to top her no existent service act...She performed an act that is becoming a little bit of a common problem out her...

The bill was $63.48, $100 bill given, change was $36.....Hold on a second, where are the coins...Yeah, for whatever reason she decided to kept the coins...

This has happened a few times at other places. normally a quick "hey you shorted me on my change, but I will just take it out of your tip, grab it from the register" seems like a quick way, but how do you tip someone that hasn't done anything except pick up the bill ???

Well the wife is nicer than me, let's leave it at that...

But overall, good food, horrible service except for the busser (or maybe he was a waiter going off shift, not 100% sure).
Great restaurant and great food.

We had lunch there.  The soft shell crab po'boy and oyster po'boy were excellent.  The gumbo was good also.  It's too bad that it's kinda out of the way, but we will definitely come back when we are in the Vegas area again.
Great food
great food just the growth of down town las Vegas has made them too small to keep up with the demand of the growing night life scene me and my wife were offered a table in there "hall" what we did not know is that it is one table in a hallway they had placed here not even a part the restaurant. If you don't have a reservation don't come!
We loved Lola's - and often joke that the food is good enough to merit the cost of the flight. (Probably not, but definitely one of the only places that we'll keep on our 'every time we're in Vegas' list.)

His plate: Roast Beef Debris
Her plate: Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya

One of the better Jambalayas I've had, made even better by the house-made jalapeno hot sauce. Not too hot, TONS of flavor. Perfectly cooked rice, excellent sausage, just plain great overall.

D loved his sandwich - chosen because it's what Yelp suggested, and Guy had when he visited. Great flavor, excellent sauces.

We'll be back for more!
Lolas- popped over here right before we saw American Idiot at the Smiths Center.

Okay first GRITS are 5 stars, best grits I ever had. Service was awesome for us. 

Im giving Lolas 3 stars because besides the grits I thought the food was okay. I got the fried catfish platter with two sides. My sides were grits and red beans and rice. 

Catfish was moist and friend nicely. Red beans and rice was good too but neither was something I was wowed about. HOWEVER need i say GRITS again? GRITS GRITS GRITS. If i had only had that 5 stars. marriage proposals the whole 9 yards. 

I could not try the other food my friend got because Im allergic to shrimp (bummer I know- and I was not born with the allergy either it developed over time, major bummer because I used to eat shrimp a lot, now they are just tasty morsels that if i ingest will probably kill me) awesome. I will say she LOVED her dish and it was gone all too fast. So the bbq shrimp and grits a go go go go must have.

Lolas- eat the grits and move on to dessert all the options looked so good.
I was looking for an off-strip place to take some co-workers while we were in town for a conference.  I found Lola's and was pleased with the choice.  Louisiana is my adopted home state, and I moved away 14 years ago, so I enjoyed the Abita beer and the oysters.  My shrimp and grits had some nice spice to them and the bananas foster bread pudding was a unique twist on two classics in one!  The owner, Beth, came to our table, expedited the kitchen and even arranged our shared cab back to our hotel.  She shared the story of the visit of Guy Fiery of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, and made my choice a hit with my friends.  Best overall experience in Vegas, and I ate 3 other great places.
Overall, good food, ok service, slightly overpriced and very loud! My husband and I went about 8pm on a Wednesday evening after a Smith Center event. The indoor and outdoor seating areas are both very small. The staff was not rude but not overly friendly either. My husband pointed out that it was almost closing time and they were probably tired but honestly they could be a lot more friendly and welcoming. Both of us love Cajun food so were excited to try the dishes. My husband had the gumbo and liked it. It was well spiced, traditional and served with rice. I had the shrimp and grits. You get five large shrimp, cooked well on a bed of grits with a sauce of sausage and mushrooms.  The gouda grits had great flavor but I was not a fan of the texture. I'm from the south and this is my favorite dish. These grits had the consistency of mashed potatoes and were almost gummy. Again, the flavor was very good I just did not like the thick heaviness of the grits. The grilled garlic bread was also just ok. Very little flavor and inconsistent preparation, some was barely warmed, others had char marks. Our waiter was generally attentive but again not very friendly. He also didn't recommend or offer suggestions for anything. The price wasn't bad but honestly have had similar quality for half the price. Due to the size of the restaurant it was also incredibly loud. I don't think we will be back.
I've been dying to try this place ever since I saw it featured on Diners, Dine-ins, and Dives. I am the biggest crawfish fan EVER. I'm that girl that's willing to sit at a table by herself with her little bib, hiding behind pounds and pounds of those tiny little critters. So when I saw that there was an authentic southern creole restaurant that can be found in Vegas, I went nuts. Sadly, being from the South, it didn't live much to my expectations. 

I ordered the shrimp & grits and it wasn't everything I hoped it to be. Grits were a little bland, but grits in general are hard to make flavorful so I'm not too hard to judge on that. But overall, the dish was just okay. 

However, the one thing that will have me coming back again and again, is their fried oysters. So delish. It's a must try! .. But that's pretty much it. I've also ordered the crabcakes as a side item in the past and it's not my favorite, and something I wouldn't go for again. 

Business still seems to do well here so there must be something I'm missing. It's a small restaurant that can get pretty crowded quickly. A waiting area for a table is pretty much non-existent. My server was quite busy and wasn't very attentive. She was also helping another large table, so I'm not too fussy about the service. 

I still need to come back for the crawfish, but it's only served on Fridays, so it makes it a little difficult. Hopefully I can make a 3rd attempt at Lola's before the crawfish is out of season. Once it's out of a season.. I don't think I could find a big reason to come rushing back.
Jambalaya was very good.  Crab cakes so- so.  Not bad.  Not great.
In Las Vegas for few days, we wanted to try Creole/ cajun foods from New Orleans. We found this place by reading other recommendations. The restaurant is in Downtown, about 10 min drive from South Strip. It can be tricky to locate. The restaurant welcomes its last customer by 830pm. We made our reservation for 800pm and we were almost the last customers but the place was already full. I would say that the food is OK. The dishes are very simple, no fancy thing around and on top. I would say that the price is right. Go there to enjoy a simple plate at around $16 and you do not walk out with a full belly and stomach that you can hardly walk back to your car.
If you're looking for authentic Louisiana cookin, then this is the place.  I'm not from there, so I can't speak from first hand experience, but those I went with and the people around me were definitely raving about how true it was to its southern roots.  Fried catfish, jambalaya, poor boy sandwiches, etc.

The ambiance of the place is pretty cool too.  Pictures of the train cars in the south, mardi gras hats and masks hanging from the ceiling and a family vibe that a lot of places can't achieve.

The food was excellent and the service was the same, which would typically earn 5 stars from me.  However, the AC seemed to not be working properly.  And in this Vegas heat, that is definitely something that needs to get fixed ASAP if you are gonna be running a business.  While I was sweating when I was eating my spicy jambalaya, this would have been ok, but since I was sweating while drinking my beer, that's not acceptable.  Hopefully they get the AC fixed soon so they don't sweat away their customers!
My wife works at World Market Center and has been raving about this place for the past year.

We went there for dinner tonight.  We started with the crawfish puppies.  They were a little spicy (chili powder spicy, not hot pepper spicy).  They were very tasty and the spicy mayonnaise aioli is great.

I had the shrimp and grits with sausage.  I can see why it is a Lola's favorite dish!  The grits tasted like they were made with cheese and sour cream and melted in my mouth.  The shrimp had great flavoring.  The sausage was not too rich and complimented the grits well.  I added a bit of Louisiana hot sauce and it was very delightful.

My wife had the crab cake dinner (she usually gets the crab cakes when she goes to Lola's).  The crab cakes were very tasty; the spices and meat were mixed well so one did not overpower the other.

Our dinners cost $13 and $16 dollars

My wife had the Abita light and I had the Abita Amber, from Abita Springs, LA.  We are now fans of Abita beer!  Oh, and the beers only cost $4.5, not bad for a microbrew while eating out.

My wife has raved about the Banana's foster for months; we skipped it tonight though to have more beer. 

I am a fan of Lola's; it is Tuesday night and my wife got the last table for two; the rest were reserved and that should tell you all something!
Food is superb and tastes exactly like New Orleans.  It almost feels like once you sit down in Lola's, you are in New Orleans.  The music and the food is authentic!  The Shrimp and Grits is a must have!!!
Food was great. Had the bronze catfish w/ grits and the crawpuppies. Beer menu was pretty awesome too. The girlfriend had the crabcake dinner which was just ok.  It's not one of their stronger menu items. Location is great and would recommend a reservation on a weekend evening.
My only criticism is the servers were subpar to what you'd expect at a 24 hr cafe. The venue is a little spendy, so I expect some fundamentals of service from a wait staff. It's not worth getting into and doesn't reflect the quality of the food, but definitely was reflected in their tip.
Had a late lunch or maybe early dinner there. 2:30 and still busy.  Ordered the roast beef hoagy.  Lots of beef and good sauce.

My wife had their gumbo  It was Fantastic. The main was shrimp and grits. The grits were like creamy mashed potatoes and the grilled shrimp were marinated in a great sauce and grilled.  we'll be back for that again.

Really nice for them to have a gluten free menu.

5 star service.
I keep adding to my list of places to eat in Las Vegas so we don't end up with boring, overpriced, mediocre meals. Thanks to Yelpers, we found Lola's and couldn't be happier. Our lunch was outstanding. 

Two of our crew had been to New Orleans a while back and still yearn for the food there. Their happy memories were revived at Lola's. Gumbo, po' boys, red beans and rice, sweet potato fries, regular fries, a beer, and the marvelous bread pudding with bananas Foster -- fantastic. Our waitress Angela couldn't have been nicer. 

Some website said the beef roast for a beef debris sandwich should be cooked until a hard stare makes it fall apart. This meat was as tender and tasty as ever anyone could wish. We look forward to exploring the menu further!
Lola and her team have created a fun comfortable and delish place to hang out and enjoy a quality tasting meal Cajun authentic foods. It was suggested to me by our server Heather that i needed to try the grits and shrimp ~ Fantastic choice. Brought family their as a group of 7 and yes the spacing was tight, but definitely manageable and fun. 7 different dishes were ordered and all of them received excellent reviews from my group. Staff has always been accommodating and nice every time i go...i keep going back.

It is a must for locals and visitors alike.
Lola's was featured on Diners, Dive-in, and Dives therefore it was a no brainier to stop in. The place is whether small, so the wait was long. I asked the hostess could my party order drinks while waiting. She, rudely uttered, "one of you can go to the bar". No worries, I thought, as she appeared to be busy with nothing. The night hit a downward spiral from then on. We were offered seats from the hostess, but never seated three times. Once we were seated the bad service continued with our server who never brought anything back we requested. To top it all off, we were chased down in the parking lot asking if we paid out bill. Embarrassing!!!! Needless to say, I will never be eating there again. The food was sub par, the portion sides were unacceptable, and the price didn't match our return. I wish I could offer negative stars!!
Catfish & Grits and Abita beer. Wow! I love red beans and rice but wasn't impressed too much with theirs, it was a little bland. I will try again. The grilled oysters was very good as well.
Went here for dinner with some Canadian friends visiting from Toronto.  Turned out the place was packed!!  Food was delicious - ordered shrimp and grits, gumbo, jambalaya, and a creole dish.   The CrawFish were the last day in season and were awesome.  Hard to believe I used to catch and use those critters as fish bait for large mouth bass.    Overall delicious!!   Would recommend and return for sure.
Bananas foster bread pudding was too much after I licked the bowl from my catfish and grits. If you don't leave the strip and try Lola's it doesn't matter how much you win you're leaving Vegas a loser!
Alright, so honestly, I hate it when my "expectation" exceed its limits. What I mean is, i thought this is a killer "to die" for restaurant and got super excited along with the crew I had with me. wifey only*** 

DDD the TV show A.K.A. Guy F. ate there and had a whole episode about how great this place is and how good it taste. Well, its "Okay" and I always use "okay" when I can confirm it with the following statement answer: "Will I go back there and eat again? (No) therefore, its okay.  

We ordered lots of food, i.e. wings, crab pops and for the main dish we got their famous Grid with shrimp and the wife got the smocked cat fish sandwich. The taste was there but nothing to make you say "WOW" per se. I guess am a WOW dude and I like my wow expression to come out when I eat. 

Oh yea the place gave me a phobic reaction due to its "small" size. I mean there are maybe 8-10 tables only! its super small so call ahead and make sure they can fit you in and I mean literally "fit you in" am a big guy and I felt like my back left love handle was touching another dude's leg. So ya' it wasn't comfortable nor fun. oh for those who don't know what a "love handles" are, its our belly. Big guys give these things nick names... (= 

Cheers
I don't know why it took us so long to finally get here.  I typically flock to any joint on Triple D but I guess I just don't make it near the Strip too often.  Came with my wife and baby, and although dinning area is small, we sat comfortably.  Staff was especially friendly and the owner walked around greeting tables. These are the things that impress my wife.  As for me, it's the food that really matters!  Lola's does Creole right and then some.  From hush puppies to soft shell crab to jambalaya, you can't go wrong.  I will point out that I've never lived in LA so my opinion is that of a Nawlins tourist.  But I know what my taste buds like, and they tell me I need to go back to Lola's again sometime soon!
Yummy food, cold brew, excellent service every time we've been. We have tried nearly everything on the menu, have not had a bad meal...
Very good Cajun Food...
Ok, I admit it - I got sucked into the DD&D's hype over this place.  I bought into the pizzazz and popularity, just like Chris Humphries did with Kim, and had my own whirlwind romance - his lasted 72 days, mine lasted about 7.2 minutes.  But I think my romance ended a little better than his - glad I tried Lola's, it was good, but it didn't blow me away.

The gumbo was fine, but lacking a kick or any real distinguishing characteristics.  There's a place in Chicago that I grew up going to that does it so much better, so it was tough to not draw comparisons.

I got the shrimp & grits based on the waitress's recommendation of that item being "what keeps the locals coming back."  Please note that I am in no way a connoisseur of grits, but these were way too cheesy and smooth for me - almost liquified, and completely overpowering with cheese.  But the gravy that included mushrooms & andouille sausage was good, as was the shrimp.

My dad had the fried chicken po' boy, and we found it to be boring - there was barely any chicken or sauce on it, and so it just felt sad and not Louisiana at all.  But his french fries were good.  My mom went with the jambalaya, which came out way too thick, like the consistency of the filling for chiles rellenos or shepherd's pie.  It did have a little kick of spice to it which was nice, but the rice was so so overcooked. 

Everything came out lickety-split, so if you're in a hurry you'd have no problem here.  If you've been to New Orleans and enjoyed the food, this doesn't feel like a true substitution for the real thing, but it's reminiscent enough to make you want to plan another vacation back to NOLA.
I think one would be advised to make a reservation; though it's worth the wait if you don't.  jambalaya is spectabulous; wings are spectabulous; come to think of it, everything I've sampled here is spectabulous.  Story is that Lola relocated  from Louisiana during or after hurricane Katrina, and to our great benefit, remains in Vegas.  Another must visit whenever i'm in Vegas.
I use an app called TV Food Maps and keep finding gems like Lola's.  I always want to go to the places where the food network goes, and Lola's was on Triple D.  We were not disappointed! Great authentic NOLA food! Hubby had gumbo, blackened catfish and grits, and I had the blackened catfish po boy sandwich. Everything was packed with flavor and so good! But, there were two standouts in our meal.... The crab and artichoke appetizer is like cheesy heaven crack.....and the bananas foster bread pudding is a crunchy, sugary, awesome ice creamy bread dream.  We stuffed ourselves silly, and happily so!
I love this place! great food and REAL southern cooking.
Some friends and I went to Lola's this weekend. This same group of friends traveled to NOLA a couple of years ago. When we heard about this place we had to give it a try. This place is very small (like it would be in NOLA) and the employees are very friendly. As soon as we walked up we were greeted by a very nice hostess. She didn't have a table for us, but offered us but was very attentive while we waited. I took advantage of the opportunity to enjoy an Abita Strawberry while we waited. Once we got our table we ordered the gumbo and the crab dip for appetizers. Both selections were good. I should have asked for some file for my gumbo, but it was good. The crab dip was delicious. Main course I had the jambalaya with shrimp and extra sausage on the waitress's suggestion. Full of that NOLA love I was looking for. We split the bread putting for good measure. It took a while to get a cab from here on a busy day, but no worries we just went ahead and ordered up some more Abitas chatted with the staff and let the good times roll. I'll definitely be visiting again. They have plans for a second location in the near future. Keep up the good work.
Crab cakes and jambalaya and sweet potato pecan pie! First place we come to in Las Vegas.
amazing Jumbalaya
Let me start this review by saying my last name is Ardoin. Yes, I am Cajun French and I was born and raised on South Louisiana cuisine. This is a place that I believe everyone should check out. First, the crab and artichoke dip is a dish that would sell anywhere on the planet! I would come here solely for this dip alone. Second, the shrimp étouffée is simply brilliant and brings me back home to my Maw maw's cooking. The roux is colored nice with rich flavor. Lastly, the bananas foster is so good that it spoke to my soul. If you haven't checked this gem out, then stop reading this review and get your Who Dat on right now and head over to Lola's
Saw this place on triple d finally got around to trying it. This place was really good. Having been to New Orleans this place is as close to being there as you can get. When you first walk in you can tell its a New Orleans place with all of the saint pictures every where. I had the crawfish corn balls which were excellent. Next I had the fried shrimp po-boy which the bread is from the famous bakery from New Orleans which is a must have. Last but not least I had the pecan sweet potato pie which I really enjoyed. If you love Cajun food like I do give this place a try.
On a scale of never again to I've gotta have it, I give it an ehhh. A friend had suggested trying Lola's some time ago, but we went in another direction. After having visited my hometown in SC, I was craving some southern goodness and after searching on Urbanspoon, we picked Lola's. I didn't realize it had been featured on DD&D until I read the reviews on Yelp. 

Lola's is quaint. The restaurant has about 10-15 tables. It's best to get there before 6 if you want to minimize the wait time. When all my friends arrived we ordered. I ordered the jambalaya. It was really flavorful and tasty. The only problem is that the rice was so over cooked and mushy, it resembled something you would spread between bricks, not put on plate. Again it was very tasty, yet mushy or "moggy" in the words of my southern mother. 

A friend ordered the read beans and rice of which I had to sample. I've eaten rice with every kind of bean imaginable so I figured this would be good. I mean how can you go wrong with rice and beans. Well Lola's was utterly FLAVORLESS!!! No taste whatsoever. 

Could I come back? I guess, but it definitely wouldn't be my first choice. 

Side note: unless I missed it, beignets were missing from the menu. What Louisiana, creole/Cajun restaurant doesn't have beignets on the menu?
Where do I begin-Last evening 10/3/13 a group of us had dinner at Lola's on Charleston Blvd here in Las Vegas.  My thanks go out to Lola, Hank and our server Lisa for giving me and us a wonderful dining experience.  This group I belong to randomly pick restaurants here in the valley that have good pricing, great environment and not chain restaurants each month.

When I walked in the door ONE HOUR EARLY, Hank welcomed me, I sat at the bar and had a cup of their delicious GUMBO.  Once my other dinner friends came, LISA explained in detail the favorites of the house.  The camaraderie of friends, great food and excellent service
will remain  in my mind as one of the best dining experiences Ive had here in LV since arriving 3 years ago from the BAY AREA.  at the end of the meal we took a group picture with LOLA.  

Once more I want to thank Hank, Lisa and Lola for such a wonderful dining experience.
So nice to get off the strip and try something different while visiting Las Vegas!  Stopped by for a late, light lunch on a Thursday.  The service was friendly and attentive.  Sitting outside was nice.  The gumbo was dandy as was the crab cake. Hubby loved the fries but I like them crispy-er so I had to hunt for the little crunchy ones.  Great flavor, though.  Bill for the foregoing with a VooDoo ale and 2 glasses of house chardonnay came to $35.  Don't know if I'd make a special trip to come here but it's certainly worth it if you are in the area.
This is a hidden gem for sure! Service was great and the food was AMAZING! I had the fried oysters and they were cooked perfectly! I am upset because I didn't know about this place sooner but I thank my coworkers for introducing it to me! Are you looking for some southern comfort food that is out of this world? Then you need to hurry and try this restaurant!
We have eaten here quite a few times, every time its great. I always feel like im back in new orleans, great comfortable atmosphere. I also appreciate the availability of both crystal and louisiana brand hot sauces, for the purists. Order anything, you wont be disappointed. The poboys are perfect, sweet potato fries are yummy, shrimp and grits is legit, jambalaya is as authentic as any I have ever had, crawpuppies are a must try. If you come on a friday or saturday do yourself a favor and make a reservation. Dont forget to save room for bread pudding, the bananas fosters bread pudding is ridiculous!

Pro tip: the crawpuppies come with a yummy cajun mayo, save it for dipping your fries if you happen to order a poboy!
I had lunch here today with a buddy. The vibe is really nice.  Service was snappy but it seemed to take a while for our po'boy sandwiches to come out from the kitchen. I had the roast beef debrees. It was super tasty and the fries were perfect. Cooked long enough but not too long and perfectly seasoned. 

I highly recommend this place. Very good food at reasonable prices.
We tried this place because it was a DDD destination. My husband tried the Po boy roast beef sandwich cause it was the featured item, he was not disappointed! Very delicious and the sweet potato fries were amazing. Our icing on the cake was the bread pudding! oMG!!! We highly recommend Lola's!!
Great hole in the wall place. The food was great and I will mos def go back again. And Lola was an awesome host. If you are looking for a good place to eat that is off the strip go to Lola's. Yum Yum.
We came in at about 8pm and it was fairly busy but they got us seated quickly. They sat us on the patio but it was in a weird spot behind one of the building pillars and 2 feet away from everyone walking in/out, which was kind of disappointing. For whatever reason, it took over 10 minutes for someone to come over to us after we sat. Two waitresses were walking around serving the other tables just next to us but didn't even take our drink order.

My wife doesn't eat seafood so she went with fettuccine alfredo with chicken ($14) and I got the shrimp and grits. The fettuccine was really tasty, a lot more flavor than most pasta-focused places and the chicken was delicious. It was slightly crispy on the outside and moist inside. Her plate was a pretty large portion but the shrimp and grits seemed really small for $17. Either way, it was killer! The Ghouda grits are some of the best grits I've ever had...really creamy and taste amazing with the spiciness from the rest of the plate. There are 5 decent size shrimp on top which were plump and juicy. We also went with the bananas foster for dessert which was good but a little pricey at $8.

Overall, the food is really good and by itself easily deserves 4 stars...5 if it wasn't overpriced. The service was nothing special but it could have just been a bad night. We will come back, especially when crawfish seasons comes around again!
Stopped through on my way to Ft. Worth. The ribeye chicken fried steak was good, but the sides were very mediocre and I also felt like a terrible human after I left and almost took a chicken fried steak induced nap behind the wheel post lunch. Probably the best food option in town though...
This was a small, quaint establishment, but we were seated right away because we had made reservations. They had a great selections of Louisiana craft beers at a great price. For starters we had the charbroiled oysters and crab cake. The oysters were Cooked in garlic butter with lemon and Parmesan cheese. They were great with a nice piece of crusty bread. The crab cake was good, not fantastic, but tasty nonetheless. Our group had the jambalaya and the bronzed shrimp and grits. Jambalaya portion was huge and it was nice and spicy! The shrimp were fantastic, plump, flavorful, and spicy. The grits were creamy, and the Gouda cheese was a great addition. Wish we would have had the room for dessert! I' d go back in a heartbeat!
Nice selection of wines and beers to go with traditional New Orleans food. I had shrimp and grits and it was delicious, shrimp were large and cooked perfectly and in a rich (though a little salty for my taste) with assuage onions and mushrooms over some rich Gouda grits $16.99. Husband orders Jambalaya with chicken and sausage and paid $4 up charge to add shrimp and it was Very Good. Bread toasted on the grill comes with your meal and there are several appetizers and we saw many of them go by our table but peptide not to have any. All of the portions seems to be plenty to fill most any appetites. Our server and then manager as well as the other staff seemed to be genuine and helpful as well as friendly. 
It's a very all place only 45 seats so make a reservation.  It's a little loud because it's so small, and plays great Louisiana music!Also I went through 3 taxi drivers that did not know where it was so I let the last taxi driver use my GPS! Manager says they are moving in the spring to a place a little closer to main street downtown and also opening a location in Sumerland  NV (sp)
It was worth the trouble getting there, Enjoy
This is one of the best Cajun restaurants I've ever dined. You could place this restaurant in New Orleans and it would compete with some of the best. My family and I have dined there twice, and I've sampled almost everything. The bottom line you cannot go wrong with anything you order. This restaurant was featured on Triple D and Guy hit this one out of the park.
1st time here. Food was excellent. Had crab cake and sizzling ham po boy. Both were great. Banana foster dessert was delicious. Definitely would come back. Only bad thing food took a little longer than expected. Not quick but worth the wait.
Yelp is the best.....we went here based on the reviews in Yelp. This is one of the bestest ever dining experiences we've had in Vegas.

We love Cajun food...and I am a big fan of Po' Boy's .....

First - I didn't see anything on the menu that I wouldn't love to eat!. I ended up having the fried oyster po' boy....it was great!!!  

We will be back...and hopefully it will be sooner rather than later....mmmmm
Absolutely delicious! I saw this little gem on a TV show (I can't remember which one) and added it to my list of "must try's".  Lola's did not disappoint!

I had the crab cake, shrimp creole, and bananas foster bread pudding.  The crab cake was very tasty, and the shrimp creole was as flavorful and authentic.  It reminded me of eating in New Orleans.  Yum! They do a remarkable job -- excellent flavors! 

My friend had the shrimp and grits.  I'm not a huge grits fan, but these were good.  Whatever they did to the shrimp with her dish must have been straight from heaven.  Spicy and delicious!

and... the bananas foster bread pudding... that should be the picture next to the word "dessert" in the dictionary.  A sweet, tasty bowl of perfection.

Good thing Vegas is only a 4 hour drive from home... I'll definitely be back to Lola's!
I was really looking forward to eating here due to all the hype that surrounds this place. I was pretty disappointed, not only from the food but from the service as well.

Food:
-Crawfishpupies: I found them really bland. Nothing more to say.
-Artichoke and Crab dip: Nothing stood out from this.
-Red Beans and Rice: Also very bland.
-Shrimp and Grits: This was actually pretty good. I enjoyed it, but it's not a dish that would have me coming back on my own accord.
-Bananas Foster Bread pudding: This was good. It wasn't what I ordered, but it was good.

Service: 
I understand if it's your first day as a server, but you should at least have a pen and pad on you at all times if not just to take notes. But also if your short term memory is really bad, and you know it is, a pen and pad would be really helpful so that you're not constantly running back and forth several times just trying to get the drink orders right. And why not just shadow the "real server" if you're just going to be relaying everything back to her and then mess it up or forget?

I also don't understand why service was so slow, especially with the speed our food came out. At the time we were the only people sitting on the patio, and it slowly started filling up, but we still had no food and we had an insane amount of empty cups on our table.

I had requested a bananas foster and a bread pudding to-go and was given a bananas foster bread pudding. I told the waitress that that wasn't what I ordered and she said, well that's what I was told what you ordered (from the first day as as server kid). I asked if the check reflected the two separate items and she replied, with attitude, that no, I have to fix the check now. I was already disappointed with the service and that the food didn't live up to the hype so I just wanted to get out of there and told the waitress that I'll just take the desert that I have now and she seemed shocked and said that it'll only take 4 minutes to get what I had originally wanted. I said no thank you, I will just take this desert and maybe your other server should carry a pen and pad with him. and she replied, with an attitude again, sorry it's his first day, but have a nice weekend.
We've tried every place Guy Fieri has recommended in Vegas, and as far as we're concerned, he's 3/4.  The only place he got wrong was Lotus of Siam (It sucks).  This place is great.  The food is wonderful and the service is quick and attentive.  I had the Bronzed Shrimp and Grits, and my wife had the shrimp platter with the shrimp blackened.  We also had the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding for dessert.  The only criticism was Jamie said her shrimp were too salty.  I could have eaten two bowls of the grits.  It's inspired me to try to make it myself.  I don't think I'll be able to do it, but I'll give it a go.
I was here with a party of 9 and despite waiting past our reservation we were accommodated and taken care of very nicely.

I hadn't heard of Lola's but apparently they're a big deal and have appeared on "Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives" for their roast beef po' boy. I was glad to try a local spot, away from the strip and downtown casinos. Lola's had a quaint, simple atmosphere that was very welcoming (and some TVs in case you need to catch the game). Our waitress was great, positive and seemed happy to be there.

I had a glass of chardonnay ($6) and it was pretty good. Some native Louisianans were super excited for Abita beer, of which they had many varieties. 

Bf & I split the Shrimp Étouffée and the Cafish Po' Boy with Fries and Potato Salad. The Étouffée was very tasty but could have been a little spicier. It was warm and comforting and filling though - exactly what I wanted. The catfish po' boy was a big surprise -- it was WAY better than I expected. The hoagie roll (apparently flown in from Louisiana) was amazing. So soft and fluffy and crispy. The remoulade was amazing too... I could have maybe just had that and bread and been satisfied. The fries were tasty, the potato salad was very "meh".

Everyone at the table seemed to love their food and had ordered a range of things from gumbo to bread pudding. All in all, an extremely welcome change from casino buffets. 

Now where can I get that bread?!
I love love love this place. The food is fantastic and flavorful, and the atmosphere is festive. Just make sure to make a reservation because its popular and small.
I made a same day late reservation on a Friday night and was able to get seated almost immediately. I thought the servers were very friendly and helpful and they knew their menu and because of that they made knowledgeable recommendations. Now on to the food! The food was amazing! I had the D'brees Poboy which was sooo mouthwatering good, the sandwich was roast beef smothered in gravy on a French roll,mayo,lettuce and onions. The sandwich was so savory and you can see the chef really takes pride in the tradition of the Poboy. The sandwich came with French fries which were made fresh from hand cut potatoes which just adds to the comfort the food envokes. My wife got the Gouda Grits which I think we're a ! I highly highly recommend you get them. I had never had grits before trying these so I had no preconceptions however after trying them I'm ruined for anyone else's grits. My wife also got the combo plater which consisted of shrimp, oysters, cat fish filets and crab cakes and two sides, she choose green beans and the Gouda grits I mentioned before. And in just one word the combo was phenomenal. The food was great, the staff great, the vibe friendly, the atmosphere casual.
This spot is must visit if your in vegas.  It's close to downtown and the strip of Charleston.   Reservations are encouraged.  Loved the service that we received even though we arrived 40min before close.  Food is delicous.  Will be back again.
Decided to get away from the strip for dinner, and this was totally worth it. 

I had the shrimp and grits. Ah-mazing. Just the right amount of kick. My husband had the the beef po'boy. He couldn't even finish it, and he's a healthy eater. He said it had just the right level of seasoning ...went really well with his Newcastle. 

Service was terrific. Friendly and efficient - couldn't ask for anything more. 

We'll definitely be back the next time we are in town.
My wife and I went with two other couples. Had reservations which is a must. AMAZING experience. Food was unbelievable. Peel and eat shrimp, crab cake, craw puppies, jambalaya, catfish, it was all so good. We finished with desert. Chocolate cake was nothing to write home about but everyone loved the bread pudding, both standard and bananas foster bread pudding. Will come back for sure.
Great Cajun food off the strip.  The main entree was very good...I had the bronze catfish and with Gouda grits. My partner had the soft shell crab po-boy...amazing!  The crawpuppies were small...skip it.  The gumbo was good but not amazing.  The service was good and friendly.  There's plenty of parking.  This isn't a big place, but not small either as you can sit outside.  The pumpkin bread pudding was awesome!  You won't find better food in "The Quarter".  We sat at the bar and got a flavor for the staff.  There's 2 TV's here.  It was on "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives".
Came here expecting wonderful food.  ordered the Jambalaya and was so disappointed.  It was a pile of gummy rice with a few pieces of sausage and about two small chunks of chicken.  The dish was so salty I couldn't eat it.
Fantastic hole in the wall place.  Grilled oysters are very good. .. shrimp and grits were fantastic. .. Chef Hans has a great thing going here. 

Don't miss it!!
Gotta get their signature dish, catfish and grits. The fish was a little too spicy for my liking but hey it's Cajun food, so can't complain. The grits were soooo good with Gouda cheese in them. Service was very friendly and quick. One downside is that the actual restaurant is a little small for how popular this place is. But in the end it kinda adds to the atmosphere, especially on a weekend evening. You gotta go!!
My two favorite restaurants in the world are Alfredo's in Rome and Commanders Palace in New Orleans.  Sadly, Commander's Palace recently closed.  Thankfully, I discovered Lola's!  Amazing Cajun food.  The catfish and grits is the absolute best I've ever had anywhere. The staff is great and you just can't find better food in Vegas.  Way to go Lola!
What a wonderful find thanks to Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives! It is close to the casinos in old downtown Vegas so if you're staying on the Strip, I highly recommend a stop at Lola's on the way to Freemont Street if you want to explore downtown.

I enjoyed my Roast Beef Po' Boy. My friends raved about their Catfish and Grits and their Shrimp and Grits. Fantastic selection of Abita beers from Louisiana. The only knock on them is that the parking situation was confusing...everything else was better than we expected.
Who Dat? It's Lola's.  This is a must-visit for any New Oreans-o-phile living on the west coast.   Once again, the excellent chef's in Vegas prove the best food is off strip.  You'll feel like you're on bourbon street minus the the drunks and topless spring breakers.   Their food is outstanding and the family who owns the place is very hospitable.
Literally the best thing I have ate since I moved to vegas got the bronzed catfish and grits omg this is what southern food dreams are made of
I've been a big fan of Lola's for a while now, always had great food and a great experience until last Saturday night. My wife and I decided on Lola's for our 25th anniversary. The food was fantastic, we started with a cup of Gumbo, followed with Crawfish Etouffe and Blacked Salmon, and finished with Chocolate cake. The service was good, even though the place was packed, with Lola serving many of our dishes herself. 

Did I mention the place was packed? Since I've been there last they appear to have doubled the number of tables, but not the size of the restaurant. I was literally inches away from the very loud parties next to me on either side. We could barely have a conversation. The food here is fantastic, but the atmosphere is declining rapidly, they either need to expand, or have fewer tables. If not I doubt that this will remain one of my favorites, maybe just for a quick lunch.
It's a pretty small restaurant, however it is very good. The atmosphere is fun and the food is all delicious. My party had to wait a little to get seated, but that's only to be expected. We were a party of eight. Try the craw puppies!
Great Cajun food. The staff was so friendly and helpful. And thanks to Lola for taking the time to greet us. Loved the food. I look forward to your new location-will definitely visit the next time I come back to Las Vegas.
Best Cajun food west of Louisiana!!!!!!  And they serve Abita beer.  Portions and service were great.   You definitely have to try the crab and artichoke dip.  Way more crab than I would have ever expected.
Divine! Thank you Lola for a helluva meal. The service was wonderful. The food was even better than we expected. And the fig dessert -- Wow -- what a delicious ending to a true southern meal. We'll be back so thank you to the entire staff/family.
This place was featured on Diners Drive Ins and Dives... and as a Food Network fanatic, I was so excited to try this place!  The food here is delicious!  I've never been to New Orleans (hopefully someday soon), but the gumbo I had was so tasty with just enough spice.  And I ordered Oysters... they were kind of like Oysters Rockefeller.  The oysters were delicious too but that's where I had to minus one star. They were actually the smallest oysters I have ever seen/ate in my life.  Teeny tiny little morsels.  But nonetheless, the flavor on the oysters were delicious!  The people seated next to us said to try the Po Boy... they looked good for sure!  Perhaps next time.
If you want great New Orleans Style food at a great price off the Vegas Strip, this is a must. The place is near Fremont in quaint Bourbon St. like place playing Zydeco music. The Cajun cuisine is probably better than even Bourbon St. in New Orleans! The Gumbo appetizer was almost a meal with generous portions of shrimp. The Red Beans and Rice was huge and had plenty of sausage.  Staff were excellent and very friendly. I will definitely include this in my next visit.
I can't say that I'm a connoisseur of Southern food, so I don't really know how this compares to other Southern restaurants.  But, I thought the food, in general, was good.  

I ordered the gumbo and the grits -- both were very good.  The banana fosters, which they're apparently known for, was pretty good, but not anything to write home about.  The gingerbread bread pudding (seasonal special) was excellent.  

Good restaurant to go to with a small group of friends.
Good cajun food. The place is small and gets packed for lunch and dinner. The wait is worth it. 

The bar is tiny and  not real functional. However their selection of Abita beer from Louisiana is outstanding. Always try the seasonal. 

The gumbo is and etouffe is good. I had the half shrimp and half crawfish. The crab cake was ok. It was seasoned well but I prefer lump meat crab cakes. The breading here was too much for me.
We have been to Lola's twice in the last week. I celebrated my birthday on the second visit. It was so good I had to come back. If you go you must try the shrimp and grits. Our favorite desert was the bananas foster bread pudding combo. So yummy.
I don't care for the dinning area because it's so small and cramped.  I felt claustrophobic.  I had the BBQ Shrimp which was so delicious, I wanted more.  My second visit there was a 30 minute wait so I decided to order take out the next day.  I had the shrimp and grits.  This dish was not listed as spicy but it is very spicy and flavorful.  Again the shrimp was cooked perfectly and left me wanting more.  I'm sorry but the grits are just nasty.  I believe they put gouda cheese in them and that's all I tasted.  I couldn't eat them, just not my thing.  My friend had the catfish and grits.  She was disappointed because it was a few pieces of catfish nuggets.  The beans and rice was also good.  Everything had sausage in it so keep that in mind if you don't eat pork.  The meal came with bread but it was burnt, I don't like how they make it.  Also had crab cake which was just okay, I've had way better.  I'll definitely be back to try some of the other dishes when I can afford to.  I believe some of things on the menu are way over priced.
We went here for my birthday, and it was a great choice. There aren't many true Louisiana-style restaurants in Las Vegas, but this one sure fits the bill.

Friends had recommended that we make a reservation, and we're glad we did. We asked for a table along the wall, which we got. Otherwise, we might have been stuck in the middle, which is a long row of closely placed single tables that almost looks like community seating. We've heard Lola's was super loud, but it was fine for us --  maybe because it was Thursday night, or maybe we just got lucky.

We started off splitting a crab cake and six char-broiled oysters. These were both so good that I wish we would have doubled the order. For his entree, my husband ordered the Shrimp Charlotte, which was marked on the menu as one of "Lola's favorites." Although the shrimp was fine, my husband wasn't too impressed with the angel hair pasta. I was really pleased with my entree, the bronzed catfish and grits. The fish was served in small pieces atop cheesy gouda grits and bits of andouille sausage. This dish was spicy but delicious, and I would definitely order it again! 

Since it was a special occasion, we ordered the bananas foster bread pudding to split, and although I am not a picky eater, I actually sent it back. From the menu description, I was expecting bread pudding with sliced bananas on top, but the bananas were mixed into the bread pudding and were pretty indiscernible. The waitress graciously swapped this out with the traditional bread pudding, which was much better. But I think they missed the boat on my original order. Maybe next time I'll order the bananas foster and pour them over the bread pudding myself! (Or maybe they should add this to the menu as an option. I bet it would be a hit.)

A good selection of Abita beers and great service made up for the small shortcomings on the menu, and we'll definitely be back so my husband can try another entree selection. I think I'll stick with the bronzed catfish and grits.
The Banana Fosters Bread Pudding is AWESOME!!!! The owners and servers were the best!!!
Great food! I tried the Bronzed Shrimp and Gouda Grits and it was excellent! I went on a Monday night and it was crowded. If you have to wait it is worth it. Lola was greeting and seating guests. Everyone was very friendly.  I'm definitely going back.
So we sit down and look at the menu. I think "S**t, the oysters are cooked! What kind of s**t is that?"  I'll tell you what kind of s**t it is... Good s**t!  They're absolutely delicious. Roasted on the grill with pecorino and lemon. Then you smear it on grilled bread (kinda reminds me of escargot). Then my po boy came. I got the roast beef. Absolutely delicious. I think it's because of the gravy. Anyway. I'm definitely coming back.
Came here after doing a google search of Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives for Las Vegas...  I've been craving cajun food, specifically jambalaya, so opted to try here.

A Small divey restaurant with the interior adorned with lots of New Orleans memorabilia--paintings, ornaments, New Orleans Saints items, etc...  Along with the dim lighting, put me back in time to a setting in Louisiana...

Service was fantastic.  The outgoing server helped me think aloud with my decision on what to order.  The pic of the crabcake looked interesting, but I didn't think I could finish it along with my entree.  I discussed their Po Boy which was featured on Triple D, but I had been craving good jambalaya for a long time.  Sooo ultimately, I went with jambalaya.

Big mistake.

The rice in the jambalaya was extremely mushy.  Killed the whole dish.  Obviously not freshly cooked and sitting in a huge pot of sauce for hours.  And where was the chicken and sausage?  Sparsely added... Why not 3 stars instead of 2?  Mushy riced jambalaya should never be served if you are charging people money to eat it...  Just my 2 cents...
Really good spice level.  Awesome shrimp plates.  Pretty mundane po'boys.  Overly charred bread.  Incredible bread pudding.

Cramped indoor seating but still good eats.  Don't go here if you're vegetarian.
Triple D Stamped. 

Fried Oysters reeled me in. My aunt suggested this place and a fried oyster po'boy sounded good to me! Bun- super soft, lots of fried yumminess. I split a sandwich with my mom so i could have room for their famous bananas' fosters bread pudding. 

as i write this review, i just fcking realized that i didn't get their famous banana fosters BREAD PUDDING, but their plain banana's fosters. I guess i was still suffering from the 8 hour traffic jam we were stuck in earlier and maybe a bit hypnotized by the cutie server we had, but yeah, i ended up with a dessert i didn't order. I didn't love it either, but i'm sure i would have loved their bread pudding version Damn it!!! 
I guess i'll have to make my way back to get that dessert one day!
Every time I come here, and it is with regular frequency, I can't help but want to start carrying around a hanky to dab away the southern heat and take on a nice southern  accent to go along with it.  This place brings up all sorts of wonderful imagery - everything about New Orleans life is rich and full of flavor and this restaurant plays into that.

It's located downtown - right near Charleston and Main St.  This is perfect for First Friday art scene goers, and it usually serves as my go-to spot for pre-festivty dinner.  This last Friday I ordered the Gumbo and the Shrimp and Grits.  I can say that the Gumbo was fairly average.  

But I can't take that away from the restaurants score because the Shrimp and Grits absolutely beat everything I'd had in the last month.  They were buttery.  They were cheesey.  They melted and they spiced.  And it was the sort of food that makes you take a double because it was just that beautiful.  A dish of dishes - I will order this every time and be thankful.

My niece also ordered the Fried Chicken and couldn't finish it because of the large portions (which meant it was mine for the taking!).  It was clean chicken breast fried up to brilliance, and I was very satisfied with it.  Everyone at the table gave the dishes a try, almost family style, and we all left happy and full.

I'm still not from New Orleans, nor do I have a cool accent.  But for a while, sitting in this joint, I almost feel like I fit in.  And I'm certain fed like it.
If you don't know where this place is, it can be very easy to miss.  The owner is actually from NOLA...she proudly displays her Saint's gear in the restaurant.  The food and the staff truly brings me back to NOLA.  The etouffee and jambalaya are delicious.
Saw this place on Triple D.

My expectations were way to high for this place. 

The service was terrible. It took our waiter 10 minutes to get our water. We didn't get our bread and crab cake another 20 minutes. We didn't get our entree food until about 1 hour after ordering. Other people got their food way faster than we got our food and we were there before them. We were really ready to walk out on this place. If it weren't for my partner suggesting to stay I would've walked out. 

The food was mediocre. The Shrimp and Grits was "okay." nothing I would eat again. The grits were very gummy and gritty. The Shrimp was good and very well seasoned.  Pauls Jambalaya tasted good. Nothing we'd order again. I don't think we'll be coming here anytime soon. 

But then again our service was terrible so maybe I am judging the food to hard.
Just not very good. I told them the po boy didn't taste right and the didn't seem to care.
Never having a po boy wasn't quite sure what to expect, of the sandwich or the restaurant. 

Was pleasantly surprised when walked into the restaurant. Looked very nice and well appointed with a theme from down south. The waitresses here I found to be top notch and very attentive. 

Had the po boy, or however it's spelled, that was featured on DDD and it has a very good flavor and the meat was tender. Maybe it was me but expected little more flavor.  Was GREAT for what I got, and the service.

It is a little on the pricey side so make sure to bring a little extra.
Best creole in Vegas.  It took me back to New Orleans. I wanted to slam a hurricane when I was done feasting on the jumbalia and shrimp. Mmm. Small place always busy but plenty of room. A little pricey.
I tried all the dishes yelp said to order and couldn't finish anything. Everything was too salty to consume.  
I gave them two stars because the dessert on the other hand was great. I make back once just to have dessert but probably would never come back again.
Last year the food was great 4 star 
But this year ordered bronze catfish, and what was served was floating in a greasy sauce,  looked like blackened catfish . sent back
The Po Boy (soft shell crab) was very salty
New chef? 
I hope this changes it was a great little restaurant
Last year went to Lola's and had bronzed catfish wit cheesy grits. I licked the plate clean! This year, same dish---catfish was not bronzed. It was blackened and not the 2 fillets like year. Could not even get to the grits due to the grease slick- about 1/4" thick. So sad!
Just to get to the point, ....First time to Lola's, the food was ok... Our server was dual, didn't seen to want to give us any extra time in answering our questions, fake smile and made me feel like she was not happy to be of service.  The bus boys were nice and attentive.  The server ruined the whole experience.
Was not impressed. We got there and the owner is out front smoking. Tacky. 
However, the staff were very pleasant and playful. Enjoyed that. 
We ordered the hot artichoke and crab dip.  Pure oil and cheese. No flavor whatsoever. I topped it with Louisina hot sauce and that made it better. 
I ordered the salmon and my two sides were red beans and rice, as well as the greens with bacon. Both were under seasoned and bland. The rice was overcooked and loaded with water. The greens were soggy and absolutely had no flavor. The blackened salmon had an amazing Cajun rub, but was overcooked and dry. I've been to New Orleans and I hear the owner is from there .... so why is there no QA?  Someone needs to watch how this food is made and improve the dishes. Maybe it's a local thing and they take the spice out because most tourists are boring and don't like that kind of fare.  However, the cheese grits were amazing!!!!!  
I didn't taste or see any "Holy Trinity" in this place. It's an easy 3 ingredient with onions, bell peppers and celery. To make it even better add garlic, shallots and parsley. It makes any dish amazing. 
I'm a southern food obsessed foodie and it was bummed that it didn't live up to it's name. Sorry Guy Fieri, next time I'll try a Po Boy.
Best shrimp and grits as well as cat fish and grits. Those are my favorites. The grits are smoked Gouda and the poor a spicy onion and sausage ragu  over it. For desert, gotta have the bread pudding. We go almost every first Friday. Sit outside and listen to the blues band or inside in an extremely tightly packed space and make friends with your neighbor. Yes, that close.
Lola's brings New Orleans mouth watering cuisine to Vegas. This hole in the wall place isn't the easiest  location to find but once you walked thru the front doors it's your own piece of THE BIG EASY to enjoy.

I kept it simple and started off with a crab cake appetizer  and then had Red Beans & Rice... Gotta say this place was amazing. Came back the following week with a friend and again more love for this joint.

So if you wanna savor the flavor hit Lola's because she won't disappoint ya.
Okay . . . I'll be honest . . . almost missed this place . . . it is tucked in between businesses that had I not looked at the right time I would have missed it.  Upon entering . . . I was greeted promptly . . . and chose to seat at the small bar as to not take up a whole table for my party of one.

I asked the waitress what she would recommend . . . and she point out a few choices that were diners favorites . . . and I forgot to mention were featured on Triple D.  And sure enough after she told me that . . . I noticed the picture of Guy on the wall.

Anyways . . . I ordered the crab cake and a fried oyster po-boy . . . the crab cake was full of crab and had this great sauce the was so tasty that I finished the bed of green the cake was sitting on since it was covered with this delightful sauce . . . the po-boy was also very good, crispy oysters a nice roll and again a wonderful sauce.

To say 
I am now a fan would be an understatement . . . I made reservations for tomorrow . . . this place could not wait for a return trip to Las Vegas.
This popular New Orleans inspired restaurant has been calling me for 3 years. Finally I navigated into the Holsom shopping center for a taste.  Apparently everyone likes this place too as there was no immediate parking.  After 10 minutes of parking lot stalking I found a spot and went inside.  The dining room is small and jam packed with tables. It actually reminded me of some of the places I sampled ages ago when I was in New Orleans.  The menu has po' boy sandwiches, gumbo, creole, remoulade, catfish and more NOLA favorites.  The restaurant has been featured on Diner's Drive ins and Dives and the owner comes from New Orleans.  The wait staff was excellent.  Although they seemed like they were running around like a chicken with its head cut off, they all took time to ask how I was doing.  My waitress suggested the Bronzed Catfish and grits and I took the bait.  

Due to the crowd, the wait for my meal was longer than I would have liked for lunch and I received several apologies from the waitress and the manager.  When the meal came, it was truly worth the wait.  The grits had absorbed the flavor of the well cooked catfish and the gouda/mushroom mixture.  The catfish was well seasoned with a light coating that didn't overpower the fish. 

The bread was an afterthought and did not add anything to the meal but did assist in cleaning the last bites of grits off the plate.

I would have liked it to have more of a cajun kick and will definitely try a spicier option the next trip out.

I only have one New Orleans experience and it was in the early 90's so I am not an expert on New Orleans cuisine by any means but I can say I enjoyed Lolas and will return soon.  For lunch you can expect to pay between $9.00 for the least expensive Po'boy to $16.00 for the catfish and grits.
Just got back from Mardi Gras in New Orleans earlier this month and was looking for a cajun food fix. I had read the good reviews of this place prior to my trip but put off trying them out since I was heading to heart of all things cajun. So, after having some down right amazing food in New Orleans and then eating at Lola's in Vegas, I must say they did not disappoint! We ordered a few items including the blackened catfish and crawfish of course. If you've never had crawfish, your waitress will be glad to demonstrate to you how it's done!

The location itself is a hole-in-the-wall joint for sure, sitting right next to the I-15 in an old plaza. There are limited seats so if you're there the weekend there may be a wait. We came at dinner time and sat outside at a cute little table next to some string lights to set the mood. Very cute ambiance, great for a date night.

Will def be going back to try some po-boys!
Our family loved everything we had: Shrimp Charlotte, Roast Beef po-boy, Blackened Shrimp po-boy, red beans and rice, bananas foster, Louisiana choc cake. I can't wait to go back!

Update: We returned to Lola's 3 months later and loved it just as much as the first time. Add Shrimp Creole and Shrimp and Grits to the list of delicious fare.
I love Lola's. The food is always great, but the service can be hit or miss depending on what time of day you stop in. If they're busy, be prepared for a wait and during crawfish season- calling ahead for a reservation is a must. 

My favorite things to order, other than the crawfish are the crawpupppies and charbroiled oysters. For the main entrees, I love the crawfish étouffée, shrimp n grits, bronzed catfish, and the jumbalaya. And for dessert? The bread pudding is to die for and you can order it as bananas foster bread pudding with the sauce and ice cream- so good.
Second try.  Had to sit outside because they gave away my table as I was stuck in traffic.  Ok. There's a minus.    Got the wrong side order and the waiter asked me if I t wanted it, duuuh if I wanted it I would have ordered it.  No bread I was told but the table next to me got bread.  The waiter asked if we wanted deserts and I asked for the menu but he said I'll tell you what to order.  I wonder how this will fly when they open in Summerlin as a locals restaurant.  Maybe the tourists don't care but residents do.  The food is fine but there are real problems here.
After our initial, somewhat disappointing visit to Lola's in 2010 and countless drive by's in subsequent years, I had hunger pangs for some hearty Creole/Cajun food and decided to stop by Lola's last night.  After a simply delicious serving of étouffée, wonderful service and a great time, I can say that each visit to Las Vegas will now include a stop at Lola's.
Dem folks over at Lola's know some fine grub. 

Fust, we making some gumbo. Whut in tarnation's dat? Dis got chicken, okra, shrimp and sausage. Dis New Awlins gumbo ain't Campbell's soup gumbo, no dawlin. Lola's gumbo has flavor. Yessuhsum, ya can dip the bread in it, and wooo-weee, dis fine. 

Sum says you gits to have some seafood if you're from New Awlins. So we gits the charbroiled oysters and Bronzed Shrimp with Gouda Grits. Dem oyster an' shrimp gots flava. 

Mah boo an' ah wantin' sumpin sweet, so we gets the banana foster bread puddin'. Puddin' for mah puddin'. It's yummah. 

Eff' ya' like Louisiana grub, then ya'll like Lola's. Promise dem don't talk like dat dere.
When my father was in town we decided to pay homage to my hometown state of Louisiana and with the crisp, chilly weather ghosts of Gumbo past had me cravin' cajun. I've had Lola's bookmarked for a long time and based on Yelp reviews, it seemed legit. 

Walking in, I noticed a stack of King Cakes and Louisiana paraphernalia decorated the walls (beads, fleur de lys, Bourbon Street signs, and Saints flags). I felt like I had stepped into a restaurant in the French Quarter, it was small and quaint. Recommendations are strongly recommend. My father and I lucked out and were seated at a hi-top table near the bar. 

Our server came over and greeted us with a smile and warm, "Hey y'all! What can I get you to drink while y'all are lookin' over the menu?" authentic accent and all. (Seriously, it's a portal to Louisiana and Southern hospitality.) I ordered a sweet tea (which is SO hard to find West of the Mississippi - besides Texas) and our drinks were ordered promptly arrived with warm, freshly buttered and flashed grilled bread. We both ordered a cup of Gumbo and we're still narrowing down our choices.

The Gumbo arrived with lightning speed & was on point. It was thick (a lot of people think it's a soup, but it's very much like a stew) and filled with chunks (not bits) of Andouille sausage, shrimp, chicken, and okra. Tasted like home; it was excellent.

For entrees we ordered Crawfish Etouffee (my FAVORITE Cajun dish of all-time) and Shrimp Creole. The etouffee was amazing, the butter, garlic, and green pepper flavors well balanced and there was just the right amount of heat. The good times we're definitely being had by my mouth. Shrimp Creole was also amazing, tomato-y, peppery, garlicky, onion-y paradise. The shrimp were also huge (love me some oximorons). I found out that their shrimp, crawfish, and catfish were flown in from Louisiana. At this point we were way too full to try dessert. I am planning a second trip back to explore more of menu and to give that Banana's Foster Bread Pudding. 

I got to live the Louisiana state motto: "Come fall in Love with Louisiana all over again" on my trip to Lola's. It's great to know that there is great Creole & Cajun cuisine just around the corner. Excellent service. Standout, authentic food! A warm, friendly atmosphere. Laissez les bon temps roulezer in your mouth at Lola's!
Since I am a creole, I have been wanting try this place and equally staying away for years because it couldn't possibly be authentic. I finally came around when it was time for my bf and I to go to smith center for the tempest. And thankfully, it was delicious. The place is small and we were given the table next to the kitchen (even though we had a reservation) but we didn't care as soon as the food was in front of us. My bf has étouffée with extra rice and I had the BBQ shrimp. My only gripe would be that in Louisiana, the shrimp are served head and shell on, which adds extra rich flavor but I still thoroughly enjoyed it. We will be back to try the po boys!
Small restaurant and I'd rather sit outside unless its too hot. The shrimp and grits are always good. Ive not had a dish I wouldnt order again. Service is usually spotty. But I'd go again at a minutes notice.
Go here and eat!
Bread pudding was worth the trip. 
After 15 years in NOLA I moved to Michigan and when I ate here ... I was back uptown.
Cold beer, great food, friendly atmosphere, fantastic service, and the prices were fair. 
 My only complaint ... don't say D'brees and Po-Boy without making a "Mothers" style debris roast beef Po-Boy.
Went there, before a show at the Smith Center.  It is right down the street.

Great atmosphere!! Jazzy blues all night. Very New Orleans.  

Tasty food! I had the Combo Platter. Love the fact that they use different breading for all of the seafood, accenting each bite. Crab cake had a sneaky kick to it, an enjoyable spice. Catfish was done just right. 

Bananas Foster was slightly burnt caramely goodness, with real vanilla bean ice cream.  Great way to top an excellent dinner!

I'm coming back to Lola's!
I just died and went to Cajun heaven!

Vegas doesn't have a lot of hole in the walls or even authentic cuisine from any country. But oh my.. I had the shrimp and grits, MOUTHGASM. The hush puppies and po-boys are on point! 

I loved the service, everyone makes you feel at home.. Keep it up y'all!
Oh my, Oh my!  Lola's is great.  When I walked in I felt like I was in New Orleans.  The music was playing and the beads were hanging along with a cool Saints Jersey. They only serve beer and wine which was fine.   My friend and I ordered Shrimp and Grits and Catfish and Grits.  They were great but in my opinion I needed more Grits.  It was AWESOME.  Hot and creamy Grits.  yuum!  Also I finished with the Sweet Potato Pecan Pie with a scoop of Butter Pecan Ice Cream.  Need I say more?  The place is small and quaint but that added to the charm.  Make a reservation if you come after 4:00p  Gets very crowded.  Enjoy!!!  The waitress was oh so awesome as well in suggestions and descriptions.
Been to Lola's 3 times, Loved the gumbo me homesick. The bread had a great smokey smell.  The parking lot is a little tough, it's packed, can't wait for them to open up the Summerlin location.
Once again I think expectation management may be an issue for me when trying highly reviewed restaurants on Yelp. I ordered the shrimp and grits and while the shrimp was good, it was not over the top awesome. The zydeco music and Abita beer was a nice touch. I had the banana fosters bread pudding for dessert and it lived up to its billing. I think if the bill for my meal had been under $30 for one beer, the shrimp & grits, and the bread pudding I may have had a better experience.
The bread pudding was great. The red beans and rice was good, not extraordinary. The greens tasted like they were from a can though. The jambalaya was very good. Restaurant is very small, location not ideal. All in all I would say so-so experience.
My first trip to New Orleans was with a group of co-workers for ones birthday.  Well, maybe not THE New Orleans.  We went to Lola's to celebrate over lunch.  I was excited to try it.  I have wanted to for quite some time but haven't really had the chance until now.  I tried a while back and was met with disappointment as on that particular day the parking lot had absolutely zero parking spots available.  Today was another story though.  There was parking and there were many seating options outside.  So the four of us were seated under the canopy just close enough to the entrance to barely hear the music playing over the sound of traffic on nearby Charleston Boulevard.  We were asked if we had a reservation but we did not.  It did not matter on this day as we were seated right away.  It took a few minutes for each of us to decide on our lunch for the day but once we did the waitress was right there and took our orders.  I chose the Mama's Red Beans and Rice.  I was asked if I wanted extra sausage but I turned that down.  In hindsight I perhaps should have considered the extra.  My very wide but somewhat shallow bowl of food showed up with only one piece of sausage resting on the scoop of rice.  The menu says it containes andouill and smoked sausage.  Something was missing from this equation.  Regardless, it was actually very good.  The beans were tender as could be.  The soupy sauce was well seasoned with just the slightest hint of spicey heat.  The bowl of coleslaw on the side was good with the cabbage and bell pepper liberally dressed creamy style.  But the stand out for me was the French bread served on the side.  It was buttered and grilled to the point I could see the marks from the grill grates.  This gave the bread a subtle smokiness not unlike a fresh grilled burger.  No doubt it was picking up the flavors of grilled meats past.  A small scoop of beans with the lovely ham hock meat on a bite of bread was just the way to go.  Overall I am happy with my first experience.  I wish I had been given more than one slice of sausage but as a co-worker pointed out to me, I ordered red beans and rice and that is what I received.  I acn say with relative certainty that I will be back at some time to try perhaps the sausage and chicken jambalaya.  Also, the desserts sound insane.  They have bread pudding.  They have bananas foster.  They even have a bananas foster bread pudding for those who can't decide.  I am in that group of restaurant goers.  I would order that in a heart beat.  Two of my favorite desserts rolled into one.
This small restaurant serves the most authentic Cajun/Creole cuisine in Las Vegas.  It always seems to be bustling so forget about having a quiet, intimate dinner.  We ordered a specialty of the house, bronzed catfish over gouda grits with Andouille sausage in a mushroom ragout plus a side of low country greens.  The fish fillets were moist and tender, the grits literally melted in my mouth while the mushroom ragout added a desirable degree of spice. This dish proved to be my favorite entree of our 14 day vacation.
Make reservations so you don't wait awhile.
Some of the best Cajun food west of New Orleans! Heard about this place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and it was absolutely worth finding this place! Make reservations though, cuz they are packed most nights. I had the bronzed shrimp with grits....mmmmm...couldn't get enough! The grits are made with gouda cheese and I wanted more, more, more ~ also make sure to try the fig delight dessert.....soooo yummy! It's like having a warm homemade fig newton....only way better!! I will definitely eat here again and again when I'm back in Vegas~
Great atmosphere and friendly staff
The red beans and rice are delicious 
The bread they use for their po boys is amazing and their fries cut fresh
Didn't have room for dessert but the table next to us did and it made our mouths water
I'm from the south and spend a lot of time in NOLA. I have to admit I was really skeptical. Lola's has impressed me. I had the catfish po'boy and it was great. We had banana fosters bread pudding and banana pudding. The banana pudding was just like the stuff I grew up on. It really hit home. If you want New Orleans food in Vegas, go to Lola's. AAA+++
This place is absolutely amazing!

Went in last night with about 10 people for my boyfriend's birthday. We all order a bunch of different things so we got to taste a little bit of everything. Everything was delicious.

My boyfriend ordered the oyster app, which was probably the most delicious oysters I have ever had. This says a lot because I'm from California so we used to go to the pier and have fresh seafood all the time.

I ordered the hot crab artichoke dip, also really good. The only down fall is not having enough break for it. The bread they give is omfg amazing. I think I ate a few pieces of the bread by itself (probably why I ran out for the dip).

For entree boyfriend ordered New Orlean's BBQ shrimp, I got the shrimp creole. My dish was so flavorful and so fresh and amazing, my only complaint was not having enough shrimp on there but it's not even a big deal because you can literally just eat the rice with the sauce and it's fantastic.

We got the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding and the Bananas Foster. Both are absolutely delicious. The Bananas Foster comes with vanilla ice cream which is much needed because those bananas are effing hot. The bread pudding was also amazing.

We ordered some beers and sweet tea which were also really good. 

For having such a big table of people, the restaurant was able to accommodate us inside comfortably. The service was great, could have been a bit nicer but it's not something you really care about because you're distracted with all of your friends to care. They get really really busy and for good reason. We were with someone who grew up in Louisiana and he also enjoyed all of the food.

We will definitely be back to explore the menu.
Hubby and I have a deal, every time we come to Vegas we have to find at least one new restaurant to try.  I spotted Lola's coming off the 15 on our way to the Ghana store on Charleston.  I said THERE, I want to go there.  If you blink you may not see Lola's so look for the Holsum Design Center and you will see Lola's right in the center.

Do not let the industrial area fool you, there is REAL Cajun food in there and just like a crawfish, once you get past the shell you will find just straight up deliciousness inside.  The inside of Lola's is a cozy very inviting restaurant.  The staff brings authenticity to a Cajun atmosphere.  They are friendly and they LOVE the food.  

Our waiter asked my husband what he enjoyed most in food and helped him choose the BBQ shrimp dish.  I needed no assistance, as I listened to him speak with hubby,  the passion with which he described the dishes I knew to order one of the most difficult dishes to prepare on that menu, well at least to prepare it properly, the way a true Southern chef will.  It needs experience, patience and LOTS AND LOTS of love.  Lola's has this in spades so I ordered the Etouffee.

There are a few dishes I NEVER order out, like Moussaka, Lasagna and Etouffee.  These are dishes that personify their prospective ethinicities and are rarely worth eating in a commercial setting.  Well Lola's Etouffee is as good as it gets.  As soon as I took that first spoonful in my mouth I was transported back to New Orleans and their amazing cuisine.  The crawfish perfectly prepared, the sauce was spicy and the vegetables were chunky and fresh.  It is served with rice and a basket of freshly grilled bread.  The bread dipped into the sauce is amazing.  I skipped the rice and just used the bread because it tasted to wonderful together.

Hubby loved his BBQ Shrimp dish and devoured the entire dish before I was even halfway finished with mine.  He said the shrimp was also cooked perfectly and the sauce was fabulous.  He loved dipping the bread in his sauce too.  We also had crab cakes and crawfish puppies to start with, both were EXCELLENT.  I would go back for those crawfish puppies any day of the week.

Unfortunately we were stuffed and avoiding the sugars, so we did not indulge in the desserts, but I think we will have to make an exception next time and have some.

Side note for my doggy lovers, they do accept dogs on the patio as long as they are leashed and well behaved.  Also rumor has it they are opening a second location in Summerlin at the end of the summer.  I CAN'T WAIT, they will be oh so closer to us then.
My wife and I went to Lola's this past Saturday evening at about 6:30 or so, and there was a 30 minute wait. The staff was polite and we had a beer while waiting in chairs outside.

The food was underwhelming. They brought out some grilled bread after we had been seated for maybe 15 minutes, and there was no butter or olive oil, and if there was any already on the bread, you couldn't taste it.

I had a crab cake appetizer that was utterly mediocre. My wife had a fried soft shell crab that was also mediocre, and it cost $14 I believe because the price had gone up that day.

I had jambalaya, and it was just a starchy mass of rice with some of this and that tossed in. I had better jambalaya at the Orleans buffet to be 100 percent honest.

My wife had shrimp and grits. She is from the south and she loves grits, and she said the portion was skimpy and it tasted too cheesy. I tasted it and I thought the grits were overly cheesy as well.

She got pecan and sweet potato pie for dessert and she thought it was incredibly good. 

I got a good feeling about the place at its root, but the food wasn't all that great to be honest. I can't say that I'm anxious to return.
Get'em  in and Get'm out!

Another stop for my DDD list.  I am not sure why I keep falling for this.  Of course the food was,"Killer!", like everything Guy seems to eat. 
Well the crab cake, what we started with, was not "Killer."  It was mushy, under seasoned, and tasted and had a texture more like paste in the inside than lump crab. 

I had the shrimp and grits and my friend had the blackened salmon, both totally edible, in fact they weren't bad.  I wish that the sauce on my grits was a little more viscous.  It began to get watery at the end.  My friend enjoyed the Salmon, but apparently it was slightly over seasoned in areas.  

My partners main complaint was that the portion size did not match the price.  For the price maybe the salad should come with the meal.  Also they're grits for crying out loud!  It's cheap hominy corn.  Put some more of them on the plate with the four shrimp.  It was an entree right?  "How long does it take you to cook your grit?"  Joe Pesci fans, Unite!

They had a special memorial day dessert, it was for the troops of course, so we tried it.  It was advertised to us as a cobbler, but it ended up being more of a shortcake type of dessert.  Never-the-less it was delicious and we gobbled it up.

The final downer was the being rushed, but we're not rushing you atmosphere.  I hadn't even got my full ass in the seat before the waitress was asking us what we wanted to drink.  How about bring us some water and a menu.  I almost stabbed a bus boy with my fork when he attempted to grab my plate before my last bite was gone.  Actually it was the last bite of my friends salmon, but jeeshhhhh, ASK!  I may have wanted to lick the plate, not really, but I like to keep my options open!
Plate Lickers Unite!
I think this place is a good example of a restaurant that tries to mimic a certain ethnic food but falls short.  everything about it is just a little off.  we started with the broiled oysters.  they weren't offensive but they were very small and completely forgettable.  and, our meals came out within 15 seconds of our starter.  that's fine for Tuesday night but not when you're going "out to dinner".  I want to enjoy the experience and I expect more out of even a mediocre restaurant.  for dinner I reluctantly had the red beans and rice.  here's where I think the place really fails.  the dish is topped with kielbasa.  just weird.  also, it's topped with only a sliver of sausage.  it was laughable (in a bad way).  I will say, the flavors of the dish were pretty good.  i also tried the blackened chicken.  the chicken was cooked nicely but the flavors were pretty one dimensional.  I finished with bread pudding which was also pretty good but there's a lot of good bread pudding out there.  the beer selection is limited and not well thought out.  that being said, the place is always packed so more power to them.
So delicious if it weren't for the salt! Holy crap you can make it tasty without over killing it with salt! Disappointed because at first it is so good then the salt started cutting the inside of my mouth :(.
This is a little hidden spot that is surprisingly packed. 
We ordered the crab and artichoke dip that comes with a side of toasted bread. It was pretty good, served steaming hot, and heavy on the crab flavor. 

Then we ordered the red beans and rice and the shrimp and grits for our entrées.   
Being from Louisiana, I told my friend that I very seldom order red beans and rice at a restaurant, because they are almost always under-seasoned and bland, and Lola's proved my theory correct....super bland.  On a good note, it came with a side of coleslaw that was good. It had fresh sweet red bell peppers chopped up in it giving it a garden salad kind of taste that I enjoyed. 
Now, the shrimp and grist was another story.  The grits were cheesy and rich, and the shrimp cooked perfectly. I would definitely order this again, and even my friend, after tasting mine, mentioned her regret in not ordering the dish as well. 

I would come back again, but with so many other restaurants in Vegas, it probably won't be any time soon.
Best New Orlean/Cajun restaurant in Vegas, better than Emeril's and alot more fun.

Lola is an actual person, she is regularly there, so she is very detail about her craft.

There food is great, I love the cat fish, the bread is awesome and simple.....

The crawfish is very fresh and is only serve on certain days....

There shrimp is always fresh and juicy....

Lola is known for the po boy sandwich....
Best Creole/Cajun food in Nevada! Order the  Bronzed Catfish & Grits All the goodness of the deep South! Seasoned and pan bronzed. Mississippi catfish served over Gouda grits with an andouille sausage and mushroom ragout.
Very small & cramped restaurant with old rickety chairs and tables. More of a dive mom & pop shop. The tables are so close together!! So close you can see everyone else's food which didn't look appetizing either. Service was terrible, this is the second time I was talked into eating here and for a second time I was not impressed, & I'm a local Las Vegan who eats out a lot!! The food is very salty! The first time I came I had the gumbo, I expected to be "wow'd" and wasn't even close. Just because something is spicy doesn't mean it has great flavor. I have had better gumbo at the airport in Denver!! This second visit I had the soft shell crab Po Boy, that sandwich was so salty!! And for $15 NOT worth it for such a tiny restaurant that rushes everyone.  Go to Streetcar Po Boys for New Orleans style cuisine & you won't be disappointed! As a local I won't be coming back.  Seriously, did Lola's pay people for all the 5 star reviews!! Don't go there, seriously!
We stopped by for lunch, I had the craw-puppies and the shrimp & grits

For both, the flavors were spot on for what I was looking for
The craw-puppies had a moist and tender, and the aioli was a nice addition
The grits were very creamy, the shrimp seasoned and cooked just to my taste.  The gravy was a nice twist to what I have found in south Texas


The only reason I can't give it 5 stars, that part of town, that far off the strip, for a lunch portion, the price is a question
Worst service I have ever experienced in my life.  Our server, not sure of his name because he literally didn't say more than 5 words to us the whole time we ate there, was HORRIBLE.  He had black rimmed glasses with black hair and a beard. If you dine here beware of him! Ask for Megan, she was fantastic! The only server that smiled, literally. She refilled our drinks, brought out our food and cleared our food. Not even sure where our server was. The restaurant is super tiny yet he was no where to be found.  I'm also a server at a restaurant on the strip and I almost lost my cool with this guy.  He didn't even drop our check, another random server did.  Just a really miserable person who should not be waiting tables for a living. It's unfortunate too because the food is good. When you have someone treat you like you don't exist and acts like he could give a shit it ruins the whole experience.  Will most definitely not be returning.
THE REAL DEAL! If you're craving New Orleans food and you don't have a private jet, hit Lola's! 

She is from Louisiana and all the recipes are hers. She flies the bread (which is the best) in from New Orleans and it is my favorite part... Makes me want to hear some Delta Blues! 

The ambience is real and the Music is down home New Orleans Blues, Cajun, Creole, etc. 

My favs: the crawfish boil, the shrimp
and debris po boys, the shrimp and grits, the "craw puppies", the banana pudding and the shrimp salad with remoulade sauce. OMG! Fabulous! 

The service is friendly and Lola is a wonderful person! She makes you feel like family! We love her!
While in Vegas I visited Lola's A Louisiana Kitchen on Charleston near "Downtown LV"and tried the Seafood Gumbo and I must say I had a orgasm in my mouth lol !!! The Gumbo was authentic Louisiana gumbo I give that place a rating of 10+++ me and the hubby killed that little cup of Gumbo. When in Vegas visiting check Lola's out you won't be disappointed :-)
Ok...for you true Cajuns this is the only place outside of the south where you will find a REAL shrimp poboy. Fresh shrimp; crunchy on the outside, fresh on the inside. REAL New Orleans French bread; crispy and soft. Party in my mouth!! The waitress even knew what I meant when I ordered it "sloppy".  A must for all you southerners who miss the real thing
My husband and I are lovers of New Orleans food so when we saw that we could get chargrilled oysters in Vegas, we were really excited.  

The restaurant is small, strangely laid out and the service was sub-par. My husband got a Caesar salad and oysters. His salad was great and it came out quickly. Then- we waited and waited and waited. Finally his oysters came out. They weren't that impressive and left him feeling hungry. My cheese poboy and grits finally came out after he was done eating. Much to my disappointment, I got a grilled cheese (not a poboy- dressed as requested) and some cold, soggy fries. The grits were okay. 

They comped my meal, so that was appreciated.
I really liked Lola's.  I wanted to hit up all the Triple D's in the area and Lola's was on the list.  I am not sure how "authentic" the n'awlins fare is (and I've been to NOLA) but the ambiance is nice, the waitstaff is pleasant, and the food is great.

I had the gouda grits and the roast beef po'boy.   When I was in New Orleans in the late 80's, the po'boy seemed to be a gimmick offering that was all about just making a huge, almost un-finish-able sandwich piled so high with meat that you could not even get your jaws around.

At Lola's, the sandwich is more about making an amazing tasting sandwich vs just a huge sandwich.  It is covered in a heavy gravy and stuffed with high quality ingredients.  It was extremely tasty and I finished the whole thing (unlike po buys I had in NO).  The gouda grits were great, nothing like the typical bland grits (sorry, southerners) you get most places.  The cheese really makes this dish pop.

Since I was travelling for work, I was only one person and they sat me in a little 2-seat table by the 'bar', which was perfect for me.

I saw Lola at the door, greeting and saying goodby to customers, which was nice.  I saw one lady with a midwestern accent telling her "I saw you on TV" and she was very nice and accomodating to all of the guests.

I would definitely come back.  In fact, I debated coming back for a 2nd trip during my week+ in Vegas, which is a rule I almost never break (I try to sample a new place every night and not go back to any place I've already tried).  I want to try something with shrimp next time...
Definitely different and authentic

We sat outside in May for dinner  and it was perfect
I'm from the South and that means I very picky when it come to sweet tea and grits!  

After hearing our friends talk abt this place, we finally got around to checking it out. It lived up to all our expectations and more!  My husband had the catfish and grits and I got a blackened shrimp po boy. I personally did not get a grits dish because of my hesitations. All I can say is AMAZING!!!  Next time it's blacked shrimp and grits for me!!  

We were so stuffed from lunch that we passed on desert, but that will happen next time as well!
Actually came here yesterday with my boyfriend. It was his first time! We ordered crawpuppies for an appetizer and he got a fried catfish po boy and I got the shrimp n grits. Everything was delicious and my boyfriend was so excited that they had Abita beer.
The food here was delicious.  Had a D-Brese and shrimp and grits.  For dessert we had bananas foster bread pudding.  We had good service and the food was great. I am knocking off a start because we had to sit in the hallway and it was hot (112 outside and maybe 90 inside).  We were told is was air-conditioned but all we saw were fans.  The fan closest to us was removed to bring in a party of 6. You need a reservation!
Although the owners are from Louisianna, I was disappointed as my expectations were extremely high.  The shrimp with remoulade was bland.  Something was definitely missing in the ingredients.  My main course of crawfish etoufee was just as disappointing and bland and didn't look good. Sorry but this is another Diners, Drive Ins and Dive disappointment in my opinion. This is a delayed review from April 2014, I've had health issues.
Can't say enough good about this place...wish they were open on Sundays.  Looking forward to their new location and wish they would open one on the south side of Vegas.  MmmmmMmmmm Good!
I was so excited to try this place but then very disappointed by the experience.  The garlic bread tasted nothing like garlic or even butter.  My companion ordered gumbo and I ordered shrimp and crawfish etouffe. Somehow they looked and tasted pretty much the same.  Both were served in a shallow bowl with a cup of rice.  The portions were so small.  It was basically a cup of stew and a cup of rice for like $16.  It was really mediocre in flavor and needed salt,  pepper, and hot sauce for me to even want to eat it.  Both dishes were a little hotter than warm.  

I don't think I will ever go back.  It is a cool spot but the prices are ridiculous for the underdeveloped mediocre recipes this restaurant uses. Cajun food should be full flavored, like at my fave chain Pappadeaux's where they get the cuisine right!  Lola should go back to New Orleans and learn a lot more.
Lola's did not disappoint! Staff were polite, atmosphere/music is spot on and the most important thing the food was yummy! I'm going to try and change up my recipe and maybe have a few friends over.
Crawfish, appetizers, and Abita beers- you'll find me seated at the bar cheering during LSU games all fall. Quality of dishes and freshness of seafood are on point and service is southern-style friendly.

Recommend:
CRAWFISH by the pound- didn't specify any flavoring because it is perfect as-is. Good portion size, variety of sized 'fish (some bigger, some smaller), hot and fresh.
CRABCAKE- delicious on top of a frisee salad and with an L-shaped drizzle of lemon-mustard mayo sauce that perfectly complements the flavors, nicely crisped. 

As for entrees, I was less impressed. Quality and freshness are still there, but this part of the menu is overpriced for the small portions.
SHRIMP & GRITS- $17, too much gravy and too little grits left me with a puddle at the bottom of my dish. Five flavorful, blackened shrimp were plenty, but grits were a smear in the middle of the bowl instead of the star. And they were gluey.
JAMBALAYA- $11, served in a tureen you might find a side of asparagus in. Packed with flavor, added "extra" shrimp for $4.20 and got a total of 4, not sure how many come with the dish regularly or if "extra" is meant to mean "add some to it in the first place."

Décor is on point and in keeping with true Louisiana style, but Ambiance of the restaurant was more like a slightly-rowdy bar, due in large part to the riotous group seated beside us, screaming with laughter. Good times a-rollin' here.
Will come back for LSU games or a poboy lunch, but not for dinner.
Food was good, service was awesome. Some dishes can get a little pricey, but overall not bad. You must have the banana foster bread pudding. To die for!
I had BBQ shrimp!!!! OMG sooo spicy and delish a must try for sure.  Our waitress was very nice and informative .  My friend had jambalaya pretty freaking good.  Banana pudding was the shiz!!!!
Located where the old Shish Kebab House used to be...you would have no idea this was the SAME place.  Seems to pretty much be a one man operation everytime I've been here and the main man certainly works his ass off to get all the orders done.  

Nothing bad on the menu here....I'm good with ordering any of the meats on the list with the brisket and spareribs being my favs so far.  Its also great that I can get a great bbq fix so close to home.  

I definitely don't come here as much as I should since Shish Kebab House just moved to a bigger space in the same plaza and that's usually my defacto order out restaurant but I'm definitely a big fan of this place.
Soo very yummy!    A family run BBQ that makes everything from scratch!    I could smell the smoker from when I got out of my car.   It's very small, only a few tables. The fried okra was the best I've ever had! The meat fell over the ribs!    I will be back soon!
Support local food joints! When a town where corporate BBQ joints take over, rarely do you find a hole in the wall place you can enjoy some BBQ. The owner is a great guy and this place has been open for almost 2 years. The interesting part is that he was born outside the states then moved to Texas when he was older. There he learned how to make Texas BBQ

Word of advice: Most people order to go and rarely do you see anyone dining in.

The brisket was tender and had that smoky flavor. I asked for the bbq sauce on the side so I could get the full taste of the meat inside of it being drenched in sauce. Their sauce is a tangy honey bbq that they make from scratch. Actually everything was made from scratch! The baked beans had an acquired taste to them but my roommate loved them! The potato salad was better than expected and was actually pretty good. The fries were your usual fries, nothing too exciting about it. My roommate enjoyed this place so much, that he keeps going back. He says the ribs are quite tender. I guess I'll have to try it again but definitely on my list for a return visit.
This staff is awesome laura is the best. Food is fantastic happy hour 4-7:30.  They have a breakfast buffet for under $10. And dinner $7-27 range. Goood food
this restuarant is a well-kept secret. the food is great -- try the vegetable medley -- and the staff is excellent. it's almost always deserted during dinner, so it's like having an entire restaurant to yourself. 

the best part. if you have an entertainment book, your meals are always 2-for-1 (expect on holidays). they never punch your diner's card, so you can use it as many times as you want. i'm talking about a prime rib dinner for two people for less than $20.
Had the ribs, a little wetter than I'd prefer but just enough kick to make them really good without being annoying hot (this place is Cajun)
Bonjour Mes Amis 

Dit mon la verite'! 5 stars?!? 
Ca c'est bon 

Lafitte's seems to be one of the nicest restaurants in the area, and still quite affordable, considering what you get for your money. 
(and this from a bonifide cheapskate) 

It was also nearly empty for Sunday dinner, but I'm sure that is something that varies greatly seasonally. Lafitte's is hidden inside of the Embassy Fountain Suites Hotel s.e. corner of I-17 and Greenway Rd, and is a little cajun/creole restaurant that really is a Lagniappe! 

The menu was quite large and much more varied than I thought it would be. (not all seafood) 
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are served. 
Gumbo, Jambalaya, soup, Po'Boy and a bunch of other sandwiches, salads, pizza, entrees from pasta and veggies to fillet, ribs, prime rib, and more scrimps than you, Capt. Dan (and Bubba, en spirit) could ever get from a night out on the Jenny in the bayou. 

The baby back ribs had both a dry rub and a sauce glazed on while grilling ~sweet, spicy (could've been a tad hotter), tender and meaty and moist. 

The prime rib came in a slab worthy of Fred Flintstones dinner plate. The large portion was seriously somewhere between two and three inches thick, and the portion and it's demi-glace filled HALF of the plate, shoving the colorful mixed veggies to one side, and the side order of chicken and sausage jambalaya -- luckily in it's own little cup -- was moved onto the table to accommodate meat-slab-slicing-room. 
The beef was cooked perfectly to order (MR for me, R for pop), tender, flavorful with or without the sauce, and just the right amount of fattiness. 
Let us return to that jambalaya. WHEW BOYEE, it was a delicious dark gravy stew over rice that easily could be a satisfying meal on its own! C'est magnifique, I gau-RUN-tee! 

There were two different scrimps dishes at the table as well, which both must have been really good, because neither the saucy one or the pasta-ey one got shared with anyone! 

There is a tasty although probably over-hyped ice cream dish on the desert menu that seems like some sort of cake but is really just a big slab of Neapolitan ice cream with a tiny bit of meringue on the outside. 

Service was superb! Our server was lively, attentive, funny, and really nice. She was knowledgeable about the dishes, offered recommendations when asked (even a bit of a Miracle on 34th Street-ish: "I'd get one of the other sides, not because the sweet potato fries are bad, they're just average, and so many of the other sides you'd be missing are so good"), and was also familiar with the details (and made sure we were, too) of the restaurant.com coupon. 

The restaurant.com coupon was what really made this a smokin' deal, and I heard from a coworker that they have a BOGO in the Entertainment book ,too. Even without the deals, the menu is really not very expensive considering the quality and portion size that you get at Lafitte's. 4 out of 5 dinner entrees were all $16, with many choices on either side of that average. Lunch sammies complete with side of fries or ? are around $8-9. The ice cream conglomeration fed all 5 of us for $8. Not bad 'tall, mon cheri. 

Laisser les bons temps rouler !
It was girls dinner night again. I picked Lafitte's because L give me a $25 GC from last year. We better cash in or lose it. We ordered the appetizer - Ribs and Chicken wings. They were SO SO SO SO GOOD!! We could not stop eating them. I ordered a PO Boy Chicken for main course. It was OK, basically a grilled chicken sandwich. I thought I was going to get more spices, nope just a grilled chicken. M loved her steak, potatoes, etc... G loved her burger... and L liked her PO Boy Shrimp. It was a good night of laughs, stories, and spending time with the girls.
How to make an impression: When picking up your date for the evening (2nd date) and she asks where you are going, tell her you decided to check out a local hotel...... with her daughter and her family in the room.  I got some strange looks and her  SIL made a point of stating we most likely would not be back in time to watch a movie.

Lafitte's is most definitely a hotel restaurant.  In place are the omelet station and self serve stations for breakfast/brunch.

Although we thought we had arrived early for dinner (6PM) the place was slammed with two large dining parties and a large gathering in the lounge area and the banquet room full too.  The dining room/lounge area appeared to have only one waitress and she was frazzled but holding up pretty well.  She mentioned this was A) abnormal and B) the second night in a row like this.  When my dining partner was in the restroom another diner mentioned her and her husband had come for a quiet dinner as this place was always deserted.  When she did get to us to take our drink order she advised us to order everything before 2 large parties got their dinner order in or it would be a while.  Turned out it was a while anyway, our total dinner stay was right at 2 hours.

I had printed out a menu and on the way over we discussed what we might get and it turns out the actual menu is just enough different we changed our minds.  We ended up with an appetizer of 2 crab cakes and she got a shrimp Po'boy which came with fries and I got the chicken Florentine which came with a salad, garlic mashed potatoes and some sauteed vegetables.  We both decided the crab cakes had a nice ratio of crab to filler but we were not used to the seasonings.  Why a salad of mixed greens needs to have some bitter stuff in itI don't know but this was another one I have come across that did.  The blue cheese dressing was heavy on vinegar.  Neither of us had had a shrimp Po'boy before and we both decided we liked it.  We also both liked the chicken and I liked the mashed potatoes and vegetables although there was nothing spectacular about them.  The house Merlot I had made Franzia look like a $40 a bottle wine.

Of note, although I think it was because they were slammed.  My salad came out before the appetizer and the crab cakes, although we made it well known we were sharing, did not come with a plate to share with.

As we were getting up to leave the manager caught up with us and apologized for the less than stellar service.  That was nice of her but we really didn't  notice it that much because we were in a mood to sit and chat anyway. At no time did we feel rushed.   We both decided it would be a place worth returning to.

It's probably more a 3.5 but the evening was a pleasant one so I don't mind rounding up.
Ryan C told me they make a real burger here. Well I had to se for myself. 

The burger is a hand Pattied Sirloin burger cooked to order over a flame...yep a flame...chared beef, like a burger is supposed to be. 

It was perfect, the price was right, the building is great, I loved it. 

I cannot wait to try more food. 

FYI.. it is a chain ohhhhh.
Had lunch at Lafitte's and ordered a shrimp poboy sandwich. This was the worst poboy i have ever eaten, super dry with little to no taste. The restaurant was dead with only 1 other table and slow wait staff (1 server). I was hoping for a gem, but this was not.
Food was ok.  My shrimp po boy wasn't very fresh.  And the food was bland. Place was empty for lunch at first I thought the place was closed. Service for lunch was a snails pace.  I won't go back.
This restaurant is located in the Embassy Suites hotel. Don't let the expensive hotel fool you. The prices at the restaurant are very good and affordable. I specifically go here for the huge prime rib. It's awesome. I've been here numerous times and have never been disappointed. Stop wasting money on expensive smaller prime ribs at Outback or some other steakhouse. The large prime rib here is $16.95 and comes with 2 authentic southern sides of your choice, soup, salad, and rolls. It's a great price and great meal. You can get the still large, but smaller prime rib for $13.95. There's so much good food and large portions, I rarely finish it.  They also take Restaurant.com gift certificates. Our 2 large prime rib meals come to $35.00, and you get $25.00 off of that!! You can't go anywhere and have 2 big and complete prime rib dinners for $10!! Their other food is very good. I've had their crab cakes, chicken dish, and all their sides. Their sweet potato souflee is awesome. Green beans almondine, so good with the bacon. If you want to impress someone, take them here. The ambiance is classy, beautiful, yet you can dress casually. Use a restaurant.com here and your date or group will think you've spent lots of money, when in fact, it's very cheap. Their other meals range from $8-$15. They also have sandwiches, burgers, chicken, seafood, and pasta. I'm getting married in October and we're taking our wedding party here and out of state relatives. I'm getting a restaurant.com certificate - If we spend $150 (which we will with a large group), we get $75 off that bill !! This is a great place for quality food, a beautiful and romantic atmosphere, and cheap dining.  I'm giving this restaurant a price range of cheap because you can use a restaurant.com for lunch or dinner and the bill ends up being very inexpensive. There is also a nice bar right next to the restaurant. You can also eat in the bar and watch the plasma's if you want.
I'm always on the search for a cajun restaurant to try - it doesn't matter whether it is good, bad or indifferent. I can always seem to find something I like, and with cajun food, I am pretty easy to satisfy.

We decided to give Lafitte's a try, although we wondered what a cajun restaurant was doing in an Embassy Suites Hotel.  We did manage to find it, and we were pleasantly surprised.  The menu was not all cajun/creole dishes - it is a general restaurant for the hotel so there are a number of different menu items for those not interested in cajun.

Although we didn't get to try everything, we did opt for our usual  - gumbo and shrimp etoufee, and a cup of jambalaya. We were pleasantly surprised - all were fairly authentic, and quite good. The size of the servings were larger than normal, which was nice.  It might be noted that the jambalaya is not your typical restaurant version - it is a rice mixture covered in a very dark roux. We both loved it, but we are use to dark rouxs - many would feel the taste offsetting.

Only two minor negatives.  It would have been nice if they would have had at least one beer from Louisiana - the beer list was really limited, which was surprising to me. And a person might want to order extra rice, as the portions were large, but came with only one scoop of rice.

The prices were more than reasonable, and I am sure we will return to try other menu items.
I've been looking for a decent prime rib in the area for years with no luck. That's all changed now. I found Lafitte's on Yelp, and was surprised - I had no idea it existed. I'm glad I came though. The prime rib was easily the best prime rib I've had in this part of town, and may be the best prime rib I've had in the under $20 price range in years.
  The place seems relatively unknown - it's hidden in the Embassy Suites Hotel. So on a Saturday night it was pretty slow - hardly anyone there. That's really a shame.
  The food was very good. It started with the salad. It seemed fresh - it didn't look or feel like it came from a bag. The greens weren't overly cold or wet, and it was arranged nicely on the plate. The bread was a simple sourdough. 
  We ordered the petite cut, and when our waitress brought out the plate, I was a bit shocked. It was much larger than everyone else's large cut. I could barely eat it - that's saying something. I had the creaole jambalaya as a side. It was tasty with some spice. The sausage was tasty. The vegetables were ok - a mix of squash, colored onions, etc.
  The waitress was friendly and courteous, and never let our drinks get empty. The nest part was that two of us ate for less than $35. I'll be back!
Sorry Lafitte's.  I was pretty stoked to go here after reading some positive reviews.  I also had a "spend $35 and get $25 off" certificate from restaurant.com which made the excitement even greater.

I parked under a sign that said I better lock my car or I'm SOL.  I'm a big boy so ok, no worries.  Still optimistic.

When we walked in I felt like I was in the school cafeteria with all the lights.  Boy is it bright.  It was also dead.  A few "blue hairs" in the booths but I didn't come here to socialize.  Again, ok, still optimistic.

Waiter came quickly along with her backup with some bread.  ho hum.  Just bread with a little granulated garlic on top and packets of butter.  Ok, getting just a little worried.

There were just the two of us (my Wifey and I) and we had $35 buck to spend so we ordered up.

She got the crab cakes.  I got the prime rib.  We also got the wings and ribs combo to taste what everyone what talking about.

The crab cakes were poor and had a fishy taste.  

My Prime Rib was a nice big hunk, tender, and cooked properly.  The strange part was is was covered in gravy.  Huh?  Not au jus, just thick, salty, plane, brown gravy.  I friggin LOVE gravy, but not on my prime rib please.  This was definitely gravy from a packet too.  I actually said to my wife that I didn't like the gravy.  She dropped her fork, laughed, and said that she never thought she would hear me utter those words.  I'm pretty surprised that I didn't hear about the gravy in other reviews.

It came with a salad, which was fresh, a vegetable, and a side.  I chose the mashed potatoes.  The veggies were squash.  A little undercooked and WAY under seasoned.  Potatoes were the same way.  Tasteless, even after I scraped the gravy onto them.

The final piece of the meal was the wings and ribs.  The wings were actually great.  Perfectly cooked with a nice seasoning to them.  A surprise star was the blue cheese that I asked for with the ribs.  Great blue cheese with huge pieces inside the large portion they gave.  The ribs were cooked properly but I didn't care for the aftertaste to the BBQ sauce.

All in all it was decent at best.  Again, the prime rib at $19 bucks is a steal, too bad they couldn't round out the rest of the meal.  Even with another coupon, I doubt I'll be back
I have only been to New Orleans once...but I loved the food, so I was really excited to try this place out. The service was very attentive, but they weren't that busy. 

Dave and my aunt got the prime rib, Austin got the baby back ribs and I went for the Bayou Country Creole. Luckily we read all the reviews and they ordered their prime rib without the gravy. 

Everyone seemed to enjoy the prime rib and Austin really liked the baby back ribs. Of course I had a bite of everything. Good flavor on the ribs, not to spicy for a kid. My aunt tried the Sweet Potato Souffle, which is absolutely horrible, it had been reheated so many times is was like cement in a cup. And while their food was ok/good; I came here for New Orleans fare, not the same stuff I could get anywhere in town, which was why I was disappointed. The country creole was just ok. It was a bit bland and it really didn't take me back to New Orleans. It seemed like I could do better pulling a recipe of the internet.

I also didn't realize they were somewhat of a chain with a handful of locations around the county. I understand the food needs to be somewhat bland because they are serving so many people; but on the other hand I would have been much more impressed if they took the bold step to prepare and serve the food more like they do in New Orleans, that is what people are expecting, or at least that was what I was expecting. 

I doubt we will be back because I can get the same fare any place else in the city. 

Also, we went here on a coupon from restaurant.com...don't waste your money on these coupons, you have to spend so much to save a few bucks, the bill would be the same or cheaper without the coupon!
Went there with a coupon from the entertainment book - buy one get one free - wasn't worth it!  Others have said it was bland - that would have been an improvement - no flavor at all in the creole chicken, and the portion size made me want to stop at a McDonalds on the way home.  Service was wonderful, but I pay for food. When I complained about the lack of flavor the server just shrugged and said "huh! Nobody else says that" - gee thanks - hope she didn't strain her 'concern' muscle. The wife got the shrimp angel hair pasta - she ate the shrimp and left the pasta as it was also flavorless - server asked if she wanted a box and the wife actually laughed at the thought of taking plain pasta home.
This is the most bland, flavorless food I have ever tried to eat.  I got a pasta dish and that is what it was -- angel hair pasta.  No sauce.  No flavor.  Awful.  My husband got the creole chicken, and while it had some flavor (mostly tomato) it was very blah as well.  Very disappointing.
Terrible, terrible, terrible. Baaaaad service, bad food and kind of a gross atmosphere. There is not one positive thing I can say about this place. Literally.
Got dressed up with my fiancé and decided on Lafittes for a date night, expecting a romantic meal with good service. When we walked in (7pm on a Friday), there was some kids sports team getting pepped up by their coach right in the entryway. We had to step over kids and backpacks to get to the host stand. One look at the decor and it really screamed "cafeteria". Everything looked like this plastic sterile, fluorescent lit school lunch room. You become very aware that this is a hotel, not a nice restaurant. The lady at the host stand glanced at us, then proceeded to walk away and clean some random machine. After a few more minutes of being ignored by the staff, we left. We did not get to try the food.
Perhaps I need to try this place for dinner, but my lunch experience was so bad I doubt I'll even give them another chance. My girlfriend and I wanted to try this place due to her finding a coupon in her Entertainment Book, so we thought we'd try it out for lunch one Saturday afternoon.

We probably should have left after standing at the hostess both for nearly 10 minutes and having NO one come to seat us, but we didn't. That really should have been our first clue. When they finally sat us, things seemed to look up because they took our drink orders, returned with them fairly quickly, and then took our food order. All seemed well.

We finished our salads, and maybe another 15 minutes went by when a different person from our original waitress came over and told us they had no crawfish etouffee available, which is the main reason my girlfriend wanted to try this place. She was a bit disappointed, but asked the waitress about some cajun shrimp pizza they had instead. Unfortunately, this waitress did not speak English and could not understand what she was asking her. So, she went to find the original lady who sat us, which took another 10 minutes or so. Finally, she came over, and said they didn't have that either. At that point, we'd had enough. We asked for the check for the drinks and salads, though the lady was kind enough to take those off for us, because she knew we were not satisfied with the experience.

Like I said, maybe dinnertime would be better to come here, but I can't say for sure that I will ever take that risk here. I would avoid this place and eat at Baby Kay's if you want a good Cajun-style meal.
After I went here I noticed the reviews were a couple years old. Things have changed. I tried the chicken and sausage gumbo for an appetizer and it was more a mistake. It reminded me of when I was experimenting trying to come up with a gluten free roux, it just don't work. I ordered the prime rib after seeing favorable reviews. It was so bad I couldn't finish it and had decided not to take it home to my girlfriend's dog, I like him too much. The end of this meal for me was when I found a hair in my mashed potatoes. There are too many good restaurants between me and this place to give them a second shot. I can't wait for Baby Kay's to open back up in their new location!!!
I really enjoyed the experience here.  The hotel interior was beautiful and peaceful and the service and food were exquisite!  I had the etouffee and highly recommend it.
They just opened so I will be gentle...

My brother convinced our party of six to meet at newly opened Beauregard Food Co. for dinner this evening.  I actually wanted to try Calistro, but my brother insisted that this place was good!  He said he couldn't remember the name of it but that it's where the old Autostrada was.  Being the nice sister that I am, and always up for trying new places, I gave in.

I arrived first, then Jared, and Joan... and twenty minutes later, in waltzed my brother with my aunt and uncle.  Typical.  Note to self: never trust that my brother will be on time - it still frustrates me every time!

Luckily, we didn't wait on Zack to arrive before we ordered hummus with pita and a plain pita pizza as appetizers.  Joey, our server, was really sweet but I felt like the place was quite understaffed.  He was the only one really working aside from the kitchen crew. Once the rest of the crew arrived, we ordered more food and drink, but it took a really long time for the drinks to arrive and our orders came at different times.  We split three salads amongst the six of us and had a few orders of fries (sweet potato and regular) and two wraps.  The food was not amazing, but it was decent and moderately priced.  The sweet potato fries blew the regular crinkle cut fries away.

Despite being full, Joey noticed that we were celebrating a birthday (Jared's), and generously brought out a box of Krispy Kreme donuts.  I later learned that the owner of BFC also owns the Krispy Kreme donut franchise next door... bonus for donut lovers!

Overall, this place was A-OK - especially considering they just opened earlier this month.  I'd return eventually but I won't be rushing back immediately.  

**If my brother convinces you to meet him there, take my advice and arrive fifteen minutes after the time you set to meet.
Went to Beauregard on a Saturday night as they were featuring a crawfish boil for $15. It was a great deal with crawfish, sausage, shrimp, potatoes, shrooms and corn all in the pot, and all you can eat. 

Good traditional Nawlins flavors and spice, washed down with an Abita Turbo Dog. 

Their menu is a bit limited and is a blend of Cajun and Southern. The best bet appears to be their daily specials, from Red Beans and Rice on Mondays to short ribs on Saturdays.
Sometimes you are lucky enough to have one of those dining experiences that is simply charmed -- where everything is in zone.  The food, the atmosphere, the drinks and company just comes together in sync.  I was lucky enough to find myself enjoying one of those charmed events earlier today at Beuregard Food Company.  

This restaurant just opened in late January 2010, and I could not be more excited for this new find.  My group stopped in when we heard that Beauregard was doing a special crawfish & shrimp boil (all you can eat for $15).  Two in our party went with the crawfish, while I ordered the short rib special and another friend went the salad and hummus appetizer route.  Abita beer and wine flowed...

If you've spent any time in New Orleans, you will understand what I say when I explain that Beauregard embodies the NOLA spirit.  Of course part of that spirit does involve indulging in food and drink -- and our group partnered with Beauregard on that one!  

Of note:
     1) My new obsession has now officially become the fried pickles appetizer, which quite simply rocked my world.  Where have fried pickles been all my life??  I can tell you right now that this is going to be an issue...I am going to be craving these things on a too-regular basis!
     2) The crawfish/shrimp boil was not only tasty but also a magazine-photo-shoot-worthy presentation, complete with potatoes, andouille sausage, corn on the cob and onions.  I couldn't believe the quality and quantity of food -- truly a feast!  It sounds like they're going to try to do these boils on a ~monthly basis ongoing, so here's hoping!
     3) The rest of our apps and entrees were solid, with nice flavors, large portions and a great value for what you get.
     4) Dessert.  Now I am not really a sweet-tooth person, but get this:  Krispy Kreme Bread Pudding.  Dan, the owner of Beauregard, also essentially owns Krispy Kreme in AZ (including the store next door).  This dessert was devoured by our table in about 90 seconds -- after the first bite, all manners went out the window!  Genius, pure genius..

Again, the best and most intangible part of our experience may have been the true NOLA vibe here -- relaxed with good people enjoying life.  We got to spend some time getting to know Dan, and I truly felt like I was a guest in his home.  His passion for food and true southern hospitality is so apparent, and so reflected in Beauregard, that I think it would be impossible to not fall in love.
Went on a Sunday and the fried chicken and mashed potatoes were highly recommended. I have had better frozen dinners. Dry chicken and flavorless mashed potatoes. The only good thing I had were the fried pickles. Everything else was just blahhhhhhhh.
Went there last night and had a lobster/crab boil.  Fantastic.  Reminded me of my days back home in South Mississippi.  Just like I would have cooked it.  Anyone from the deep south will love this place.  Just need to find a place to put a pier in.
Beauregard Food Co has recently updated their menu and it is a wonderful change. We have always enjoyed the Crawfish Boils (when in season) and the Lobster/Crab Boils. These are divine with big heaping platters of seafood cooked in the authentic Boil fashion. A whole Lobster, crab, shrimp andouille sauage, corn, mushrooms and potatoes. Nice heat and more than 2 can eat in one platter. All of this priced at $39! Unbelievable. So, we wandered in for our monthly "Boil" fix last evening and were surprised when the charming owner, Dan Brinton (aka Doughut Dan- he owns the Krispy Kreme next door and several more in town) greeted us with a new menu. It is simply divine. Formerly, there was a large emphasis on fried food. Now, the menu is decidely more focused on fresh food with a cajun emphasis.  We started with the Crab Salad app (served on fresh tomatoes) and it was delicious. Next we tried the Fried Green Tomatoes w/Shrimp Remoulade. Perfectly cooked and light. We sampled several new entrees including my favorite, Shrimp and Crawfish cheesecake, a savory delight that I will order next time. MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH. We then tried the Crawfish Crepes w/creamy crawfish filling, pear glaze, corn maquechoix and collards. True Southern heaven. Our son grabbed both grilled pears off of the plate! Moving to my hubby's favorite, the Shrimp and Grits were awesome. Cheddar grits; bacon, green onions, collards and a creamy cajun buerre blanc. We ended with a Banana Pudding that our son and my hubby literally lapped up! It is a great menu and I urge all of my Yelp friends to check them out.  They are staffed appropriately and it isa lively, fun experience.
We bought a coupon from Deal Chicken for $50 worth of fare for $25 and though we hadn't ever been to Beauregard before, the menu looked good and the few Yelp reviews seemed to suggest its worth.  We LOVE Cajun and Creole food and were excited to see this restaurant in the area.

I have to say, we were the only couple in the restaurant (given, it was a Tuesday night at 8pm) but our service was PHE-NOM-E-NAL!  We were greeted by the Chef who was also our "server" for the evening.  I say "server" because he admitted it wasn't his prime role, but he was (and I have been in the food service industry for more years than I care to admit) the most attentive server/Chef I have ever had the pleasure of dining with.  

Excelent crawfish/shrimp cheesecake!!  Sounds WEIRD... I know, but the gouda, green tomato, seafood taste was a melt in your mouth piece of fantastic!  The Chef actually brought out a "sample" of their steak for us to try as well.  My boyfriend actually cut it with his fork.  Peppery, savory and a little sweet.  Such a great move because next time we go back, that's what we'll be having.

The prices were incredibly reasonable for what you get, and the atmosphere would be SUPER if more people knew about this place!  YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!!!  I can't wait to go back for one of these famous boils I've heard about!
Very good service and an enjoyable meal.  I'll gladly go back.
Food... 5 Stars!
Service... 3 Stars.

We just enjoyed a nice dinner on the patio with our Deal Chicken coupon and everyone absolutely loved the food.  Shrimp and Grits and Crusted Chicken between the three of us and everyone shared bites of each others dishes.  And we of course ended up splitting a Krispe Kreme Bread Pudding (uhm... YUM.   I dont even want to know the calories in this amazing desert.. just order it!)

Dan (owner) was our part waiter and made sure to go out of his way for us to make up for the slow service (they had just fired 3 employees on Friday).  He even offered to go to the grocery store across the street to get me a soda that they didn't carry.  Talk about really great southern hospitality!   The food more than made up for the slow service, and on a beautiful night on the patio we weren't complaining about being able to socialize with each other while we waited.

We will be back for sure.. probably for a Boil night and maybe even breakfast for the homemade biscuits Dan told us about.  

If you are in the area... you must stop in here and have some good Cajun food, all made fresh to order and to your spice level!   Mmm.. Now we are thinking about planning a trip to Nola in our near future!
SOOOOOOO HAPPY that this restaurant has come to the West Valley.  Owner and staff are super friendly and the food is outstanding.  Hard to find this menu anywhere else in the valley.

They just opened in Peoria a couple nights ago and I stopped in for Beignets!  Just like Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans.  

Tonight was the official grand opening and I stopped back for a full dinner.  Friend Pickles are absolutely wonderful.  Black-Eyed Pea Hummus was great.  Crawfish PoBoy was superb.  Even the Chicken Fingers were fresh and full of meat!

I am a fan and will be a regular!!!!
So glad there's finally a place in town that does beignets right!  And the food's not bad either!

My husband and I went in just for beignets and coffee about a week ago (Excellent!) and tonight we went to try the actual food.  I had the BBQ Chicken Po-boy with sweet potato fries and my husband had the Gumbo.  Both were awesome!  The tzatziki on the po-boy was a pleasant surprise and the gumbo had a ton of sausage, chicken, and bits of ham in it.  Their sweet potato fries might be the best I've ever had - there's something about the way they season them that is just so good!

And of course, there's no Beauregard without beignets for dessert!  Once again, absolutely perfect!
Beauregard Food Co. has Cafe du Monde beignets. And they fry them in cottonseed oil, just like Cafe du Monde. Do you need to know anything else? If you do, read on, but that's more than enough for me. The fact that their food is great too is just a bonus. ;)

We just got back from New Orleans. Two weeks ago today, in fact. We spent a week there just eating our way through the city. Of course, we Yelped our way through there, hitting all the hot spots for cajun, creole, and Louisiana cuisine. (And of course, we ate an inordinate quantity of beignets.) We had a good time.

So, when the beignet craving hit yesterday, we were out the door and on our way to Beauregard.

We were a little surprised when we found it was in front of the Harkins theater, and the interior is a unique hybrid of sit-down restaurant, Chipotle, and Starbucks. Cool. I like a restaurant that can do it all.

We went in late on a Wednesday evening, and while there were definitely other patrons there, it was pretty quiet. It was too cold to sit on the porch without a jacket, so we ordered and sat inside.

I got the fried catfish. Husband got the fried chicken. We both got the sweet potato fries as our side.

Best. Catfish. EVER. Catfish has an obnoxious tendency of either being gummy and non-cohesive, or tasting too strongly of mud. My catfish was the victim of neither. The fish fillets were large, firm, and fresh, with a nice flake and a perfect cornmeal crust. Tender, moist, and flaky on the inside. Flavorful and crispy on the outside. Perfectly golden. Outstanding. Their house tartar sauce is amazing, too--I don't usually like tartar sauce, and I could have eaten this with a spoon. So amazing. Lightly lemony, the right balance of thin and thick, with the nice addition of scallions. Bingo.

Husband had the fried chicken tenders. The batter was similarly perfectly crisp and golden, and it was lightly seasoned, probably with a house cajun blend. The spiced aioli dipping sauce was good but a cajun aioli probably would have been the real ticket. The dip had a hint of cinnamon in it that wasn't our favorite. Sorry I don't have more to say. I was totally absorbed in my incredible catfish.

The sweet potato fries had us distracted, too, though. Soft and fluffy inside, and crisp and seasoned outside, my husband--the sweet potato connoisseur, who orders them everywhere we go that they are available--proclaimed them the best he'd ever had. And he usually prefers them with cinnamon sugar. The cajun seasoning on these fries is a SLAM. FREAKING. DUNK. Perfect balance between the sweetness of the tuber and the salt and spices of the seasoning. They go so well together. I'd go back just to down a basket of those fries. (But I'd order beignets and catfish, too...)

In short, the food was better than anything we ever had in New Orleans. Can't wait to try the jambalaya, the po boys, and other local favorites.

Speaking of beignets, we were so tickled to see a whole shelf full of Cafe du Monde beignet mix boxes in the kitchen. When we ordered them, the chef mixed the dough up, rolled it out, and fried it to order. Cafe du Monde was still fresh on our palates--we probably ate their beignets half a dozen times or more while we were in NOLA earlier this month--and so we were anxious to see how these would be.

They were fabulous. In fact, they might have been better--the dough at Cafe du Monde is slightly overworked. I'm sure they have to make it in huge mixers, which always risks overworking a delicate dough like beignets have. Because ours were freshly made to order, we enjoyed a more delicate beignet than we ever got to enjoy in NOLA, but the distinct Cafe du Monde taste--which comes from the addition of barley flour and buttermilk to the dough--was unmistakably there. Plus, the piles of powdered sugar on our beignets had been sifted at Beauregard, where it was just lumped on at Cafe du Monde.

I asked about the waffles they serve, because Southern butter waffles are one of our favorite dishes, and their waffle is just a traditional, non-butter-enriched Belgian waffle. Toss some butter into that batter, guys, and we'll be in for breakfast, too!

WHO DAT? Dat's Beauregard Food Co., and they's good. Go try 'em.
Ate here lastnight for the first time.  I had the shrimp in a basket. It had 10-12 delicious fried shrimp and a TON of the best sweet potato fries I've ever eaten.  My friend had the cajun stir fry that he said was excellent, though spicy.  It had shrimp and crawfish over rice. This is after all touted as Louisianna Cajun food, so one would expect spice.  The shrimp were not spicy at all - just wonderful. The price for the shrimp basket was $12 and for the portion size, well worth the money.  They also have beignets for dessert that they bake on the premises - they were okay, if you've had the "real" thing in New Orlean's at Dumond's, which I have, these were not equal to those, but these were okay.  I would very much recommend this restaurant, I know I'll be a frequent customer.
4 Stars is about right.  I've been there twice, and I am a fan!
If you're there on a Sunday, try the Shrimp and Grits.  If you're not there on a Sunday, make plans to go there on a Sunday and try the Shrimp and Grits.
Also, if you're not there on a Sunday, give the fried grits side item a try if you're into spicy sauces.  This sauce is hot, but good!

If I were reviewing the Crawfish Po-Boy in New Orleans, I would say that it's a bit light on the crawfish and that they aren't all that plump and juicy.  But let's face it... I'm WAAAAAAAAY far west of New Orleans and this does just fine.  If you find a better Crawfish Po-Boy in Phoenix, please let me know.

Any review of Beauregards should come with a warning (or two, or three).  So here it is...
WARNING 1: Do not let the lack of other diners scare you away from trying this place.  In the two times I've been there I've seen a total of 4 other people in the place (not including the people working there).  Give it a try.  And then tell your friends about it.
WARNING 2: They do not have their Liquor License yet.  They're working on it.
WARNING 3: It's a little bit odd to order and pay at a cash register and then sit at a table with white linens.  But get over it.  The staff is friendly, the food is good, and you forget that it's a little awkward as soon as they set the food down.

I'm looking forward to giving their Boil a go soon.  I hear that's spicy too.
It wasn't difficult to find this place since it was located in the same location as the old Krispy Kreme Arrowhead.  I have always thought it was such a waste of space just for donuts.  I really don't know what the concept of this restaurant is.  The tables are covered in white tablecloths and silverware wrapped in white linen napkins.  However, you order your food at the counter first then taken by the server to a table.  The menu panels hanged high above are hard to read; maybe I just need to put on my eyeglasses.  You can pay at counter or pay later.  

We had a party of 6, and 3 of us had the Thursday special Crawfish Etouffee.  I wanted the oyster po-boy, but they were out.   How can you be out of oysters?  Is it not the right season?  The crawfish etouffee was rich, savory and spicy, though the portion size was small for $16.  A standout was the crawfish meat pie, a half-circle pastry crust made from scratch.  The meat pie is fried, but not greasy, and delicious.  Highly recommend the mashed sweet potato side that comes with the meat pie.  It was whipped with maple butter and very creamy.  Of course, we have to top with an order of beignets.  There were three tiny pieces per an order, not much to share it.  It was overly fried, not the best beignets.   

The atmosphere is not pretentious and the service is friendly. You should visit here at least once if you are in the area.
Per the website you can make a reservation, so for 7pm for 6 people I figure safe than sorry.  I called two days ahead and made a reservation.  When I walk into the place, I was confused about the concept of this restaurant.  You order at the counter then pay.  The employee will bring your drinks to your table, but the tables are covered in white tablecloths and silverware wrapped in white linen napkins.  Kind of like a better version of the Paradise Bakery?  

So we each lined up and ordered our entrees and drink.  We agreed to order desert after we eat.  I ordered the combo basket (catfish, chicken, and fries).  The employee set up tables for us, so we sat.  We noticed they are A bakery, A bar for outside patio, and they serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Kind of crazy, seems they want to cover all bases of everything.  

The combo basket was $12, I got 1 piece of catfish and 2 pieces of chicken and a handful of fries.  The catfish and fries were good!!!  The chicken was soggy.  The price was high for the amount of food I got.  We ordered 2 orders of beignets (3 pieces per order).  They were fried a little too long and they were too chewy.  I have had better beignets.  

So overall the food was ok, service was great, and the concept is confusing.  2.5 for food but the service rounded it up to 3 stars for me.
We went to Beauregard's for dinner last night.  the food was good, the service sucked!  The order taker at the register needed several try's to get the order straight.  We had a problem with one of the meals, talked to the owner, and he could not or didn't know how to make it right!  Table service is terrible!  Either it's a sit down restaurant or a fast food joint, it can't be both!!!  Over all rating - average, the food was good, service sucked!!!!
Too pricey.... $40.00 for lunch, two sandwiches and an order of fried green tomatoes with shrimp. and a sof drink ....Food was pretty good.... Crawfish sandwich a little dry, and bready. Shrimp sandwich was good.Salad was best deal with sandwich for a side. Green tomatoes were $12.00, thought there would be a big plate of them, only three slices.They come with shrimp and that was odd, thought we were just ordering fried green tomatoes, menu wasn't very clear on that. Why cant you just get an order of fried green tomatoes? Very limited menu.
Awesome food! Sweet potato fries are worth the trip by themselves!
Not very impressed!  It was a confusing set up.....white table cloths but self service?  Placed orders that they could not seem to get right.....took a long time to get food yet not very busy....some orders still messed up.  Drove here from S. Phoenix but will not be back!
Worst kingcake ever. Dry, hard, uneven, didn't even have the baby in the cake! Ordered it with cream cheese filling and there were no filling! Service sucked. The blonde at the register was rude and clueless on the phone (yelled across the kitchen to ask something she didn't know about). Sounded very unprofessional. 

Called a few times for the manager, but the blonde probably never delivered the message.
I'm a fan of this spot.  I've tried the Cajun Stir Fry, Shrimp and Grits, Coffee, Cookies and a few other items.  The spice in the Cajun Stir Fry is damn good and my family loves the Sweet Potatoe Frys.  I'll be back again to try something different.  Keep up the good work!
*****CLOSED*****

Sad. I found the food and service to be hit or miss...but didn't expect them to be GONE.
Just returned home from having dinner here w/ Mom tonight.  I've wanted to try Ocean Trail ever since I heard about a new sushi place opening up at Talking Stick Resort six weeks ago.  The resort opened on Tax Day, April 15th, and Ocean Trail was supposed to open a couple of days after, but its first day was actually Thursday, the 22nd.  The sushi menu was discarded and was replaced by a Creole/Cajun- style seafood.  Specialties include pan-roasts w/ a lobster-based broth finished w/ tomato cream and gumbos, roux-based stew containing andouille sausage and chicken.  You may choose to add chicken, shrimp, crawfish, crabmeat, or oyster, or a combination of whatever strikes your fancy!  (Prices start at around $15.)  The elegant, pearlized one-page menu lists a few starters, such as oysters-on-the-half-shell ($9 1/2 dozen and less than $18 for a full order) and lump crab cocktail ($14.75), and P.E.I. mussels w/ a garlic-wine broth, salads (half- and full orders) and chowders (a New England clam chowder, which I sampled and found delicious, and a corn chowder that looked amazingly creamy and decadent!), the said pan-roasts and gumbos, plus $5 (approx.) sides of red beans, red beans and rice, rice, and steamed collard greens.  Croutons aren't housemade, nor is the wonderfully-balanced caesar salad dressing, but the desserts (no set menu thus far- this week's selections are chocolate cake, berries and cream anglaise, and a key lime tart- so you'll have to check in weekly to see what the pastry chef, who used to create pastries for Casino Arizona's McKellips location, creates.  (If you've ever tried the delightful desserts served at the Eagles Buffet, then you know what she's capable of.)

For dinner, we had the crab cocktail, a small order of caesar salad, and berries and creme anglaise for dessert.  The salad was perfectly dressed w/ a nice amount of parmesan tossed in, the romaine lettuce was crisp, and the croutons crunchy and light, and there weren't a gazillion of them, either.  (I feel so cheated when a salad has too many croutons.  I say, light on the bread and give me more veggies!)  The crab cocktail was also very nice, but I'd have preferred a bit more lump crab and less of the homemade remoulade (mayonaisse-based w/ capers, celery, onion, black pepper, dijon mustard, and Old Bay seasoning, among other seasonings).  The martini glass it came in must have contained 2/3 remoulade and a 1/3 of the actual crab.  While I wouldn't agree w/ Mom that we could get this and the salad at any Red Lobster, I did see how paying $15 for this item was a bit too steep.  (I had noticed that the menu at the Blue Coyote Cafe, located on a lower level, also offered a lump crab cocktail for $12.25, but upon inquiry was told that the host imagined the one served above would be "more flavorful."  I'd like to find out if there is a difference.  I'll keep you posted.)  We were also served a big "cone" of table bread and a side of butter.  Just a plain white bread roll, sliced and warmed, but it paired well w/ the crab cocktail and salad.  Thank goodness for the berries and cream.  It was the only item we ordered that Mom didn't shake her head at (she thought the menu was overpriced).  This ambrosial dessert consisted of strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries sitting on a well of creme anglaise (a rather shallow well, I thought), and topped w/ homemade whipped cream and a very pleasing rolled cookie.  I inquired about the other two desserts, and we really fell for the description of the chocolate cake-- a slice of four-layer cake w/ a chocolate ganache filling.  Mom isn't opposed to coming back to try the cake :)

Loved the blue-tiled walls, marbled round counter, and light fixture above the bar, but have to agree w/ Mom that seeing the serving bowls, open pots and double-boilers, and metal food containers did take away from the gourmet dining experience.  Having to choose to sit at the "back" of the round counter, away from the casino floor, and the excited slot machine player, also lessened the enjoyment of the cool atmosphere that Ocean Trail offers.  However, chatting w/ the chefs and bartenders does add to the fun experience, if you just keep an open mind to enjoying your stay here.
Ocean Trail is an amazing place to dine out. Everything from the lighting to the food are spectacular!  Please don't get this confused with a sushi resturatunt because it is not a sushi place (nor was it ever supose to be, according to the server, I just think the name throws people off)
Anyway I highly suggest people come and give this place a try!
I've been to Ocean Trail 3-4 times and think I have a good feel for the place.  I am also a seafood and cajun food fanatic. 

Disclaimer: It must first be said that this restaurant is essentially a nice bar at the edge of the main casino floor--it is not a sit-down, fine dining type of place. Though the design is interesting, the atmosphere is good it won't blow you away, and you should avoid sitting nearer to the casino as the occasional smoking gambler passes by and crop dusts your food with their cancer stick. Unappetizing to say the least. Try to get as far away from the casino floor as possible. 

OK, now that the disclaimer is done: the food is really, really good, and surprisingly affordable for the quality and quantity that you get.  The specialties are a few types of cajun dishes: gumbo, pan roast, and seafood creole, with your choice of meat (shrimp, crab, oyster, crawfish, chicken)  or a combination of all meats. I've tried each preparation style and they are delicious. Very fresh ingredients prepared right in front of your eyes. The staff will ask you how spicy you want it on a scale of 1 to 10, so you can adjust the heat to your preference.  The other dishes and soups are equally tasty.  They also offer fresh oysters on the half shell, shrimp and crab cocktails, and a shellfish platter of oysters, jumbo shrimp, clams, mussels, and a ton of lump crab meat for only $25.  The seafood cocktails come with the spicient horseradish you've ever had, which is great for those of us who enjoy burn in our sinuses. They also have a full bar with specialty cocktails like oyster-based bloody marys and oyster/vodka shooters. I wouldn't recommend the oyster shooter, though..too much of a good thing. 

The service is friendly and efficient, and also quite knowledgeable about the food and its preparation.  You get the feeling that the people who work there genuinely want you to enjoy your experience, which is unfortunately rare. All of this for very reasonable prices...getting fresh shrimp, oysters, etc. anywhere in the valley is usually an expensive proposition, but here $15-$17 gets you generous portions of very good food, and $25 gets you more shellfish than two people can finish.  

If I had one complaint, it would be that the shellfish platter is not served with a white wine/butter/parsley accompaniment or even just drawn butter for the mussels. The shrimp and crab are the stars of the show, and the clams and oysters are fresh and tasty, but mussels do not have the same distinctive flavor as the other shellfish; they are a bit bland. It needs some sort of complimentary sauce.  In any event, if that's my biggest complaint after 3-4 visits, then they're doing a good job.  Worth a visit, even if you're not trying your luck at the casino.
What a pleasant find.  It's in a corner of the casino, still within view of the floor.  Most of the seating is at an upscale bar where you see the chef preparing your food.  I never would have gone here if I wasn't going to be at the casino for another event, but I'm glad I did.

I ordered the mixed seafood boil, and it was outstanding ($18, and surprisingly, worth every penny).  Just a ton of seafood in a rich sauce that I had to clean up with a ton of their excellent bread.  They ask you to order on a 1-10 scale.  My mother likes a little spice but tried the 3 and said it was almost too hot.  I order a medium to medium hot in a Thai restaurant, and got a 6, and I was sweating and it was at the edge of my comfort zone.  So be forwarned... it's spicy.  My father, however, ordered a 9, and said it was spicy but not as spicy as he wants.  He orders Thai hot usually.  

I shared an order of the clams, which were tasty but perhaps a bit expensive at nearly $15.  I saw numerous shrimp cocktails, which looked gigantic and tasty, but didn't see the price or try it.  If not too unreasonable, it looked like 5 gigantic prawns, so a substantial appetizer.

Anyway, I'll be back.  Which is surprising, because I usually hate to step foot in a casino.  But it's just an outstanding, unusual meal.  Give it a try if you love seafood and creole cooking.
3/19/11

Had to wait about 30 minutes as it was first come, first served.  Had expected to sit at the counter since there were just the two of us, but our server Jaime actually asked us if we'd prefer sitting at the next available table, which was a four-top, when there was space at the counter to seat two!  Why, of course!  And I thought since we were taking up more space than we needed, I invited a guest we'd been chatting w/ at the line to come join us!  The more, the merrier, right?  

We had a great time conversing w/ our new friend (I actually was already acquainted w/ the guest, but  she made for a fun new dinner companion for my friend, too), as she had the 5-shrimp cocktail ($13.95, and the shrimp were almost the size of prawns!) and wine, while the two of us had small bowls of NE clam chowder ($5 each) and bread w/ glasses of wine.  (Pinot grigio and cab for $5.50 each?  Oh yeah!)  Next time, I'm getting a large bowl ($8) of that chowder... so tasty!

Great tip:  You can order your drinks here and take them up to Degree 270 (or anywhere, except out of the casino, for that matter!  Hmm... I wonder if you can take them up to your room??) and chill out up there!
I was brainstorming while navigating to the Yelp page for Ocean Trail but as soon as I scanned C G.'s review I stopped since it says exactly everything I was going to say.  I never would have found out about Ocean Trail had it not been for a friend's suggestion.  I'm not a huge fan of Cajun food but this place has amazing Creole.  I ordered a 10 hot and was pleasantly surprised that they actually made it spicy.  I think some places hold back punches when they see a blonde haired white boy order something spicy, but not here.

It is located near the casino floor so that makes for a weird experience if you are just going to eat.  And the beer selection is limited, but the oyster shooters compensate.  Speaking of oysters, you can get 1/2 dozen for $9 which seems like a good deal.  I think the gamblers subsidize the difference with their losses.  I've also heard that the chefs are from the east coast and have some notable seafood certifications (not sure what they are but I can certify they make some mean cajun food chock full of sea critters).
Wow! I stopped by Talking Stick Casino to play a little blackjack, when I decided to give this a whirl! I ordered the seafood gumbo and the chef asked me, "1 to 10, how spicy do you like it?" I'm normally not a wimp, so I replied, "10 of course!" Boy was that a mistake! It was so hot that I couldn't eat it and I had to send it back!  Hot food doesn't bother me, but I couldn't take it! Once I brought the heat index number to 6, the gumbo was very good! I can't give the place 5 stars because I make the best gumbo! I've spent a lot of time in N'Awlins so I know good gumbo!
I was driving home from work and decided I wanted something different for dinner! I've only had the gumbo here and it's very good! I can't day excellent because anyone that knows me knows I make the best gumbo, outside of my mom, Sylvia Sr.. Anyway, the gumbo is jammed packed shrimp, scallops, andioulle sausage, crab, okra and bursting with flavor. They ask you if you like it hot on a scale from 1 to 10. DON'T SAY 10!  I like spicy food and I'm no wimp, but I can't eat it that hot. If you like heat, go for a 7! Trust me! That's plenty hot!

They also have other cajun favorites like red beans and rice, seafood creole and a seafood boil!

The service is great! It's not a sit down place but more like a bar that serves good food! The mix up the food right in front of you.
This is by far the best bang for your buck without sacrificing quality in this Valley when it comes to Oysters and Chowder.

I have eaten at the place on at least 5 seperate occasions. It reminds me of a scaled down version of the wonderful Oyster bars that you might find at some of the Las Vegas Casino's, with the addition of some other tasty seafood boils, and cajun concoctions.

First off, the Oysters on the Half Shell are reasonably priced, as fresh as I have had here in the Valley, and everytime that I have ordered them, they have been consistently fresh. I'm not sure that type of Oysters they serve off the top of my head, but they are great!

As for the Clam and Corn Chowder, they are both amazing for the Valley of the Sun! The clam chowder has a great consistency, and does not have that taste of fishy, canned clams. The flavors of the other ingredients are apparent, and the clams are just a nice tender, mild piece of meat that makes a nice filler for the soup. The Oyster crackers that they garnish the chowder with are actually seasoned, and are very tasty.

The Shrimp boil is another favorite dish. They boil the shrimp in a Citrus, Lobster Stock and finish it with a Tomato Cream sauce. They serve most dishes with crusty sliced bread so you can soak up and enjoy the juices of the dishes.

The only thing that I am not a huge fan of, was the crab salad slider. I'm not going to knock the rating down, as everyone else loved them, and the presentation was great. I think that it just wasn't what I was looking to have at the time.

When you visit, you will most likely have the pleasure of a very nice woman of asian descent cooking your food directly over the bar in front of you. She goes by the name of Tip, which looks as if it's the first three letters of her extremely long first name on her name tag. You will quickly notice that she puts a large amount of love into her food preparation. Chat with her, she is a sweetheart, and deserves compliments on her work. Tip her out on the side if you care to, as the tips are only pooled by the servers at this restaurant. 

The manager, Frank deserves a couple of bucks for seating you and taking your order, but in my opinion the one who prepares the meal should get the majority of the reward for the culinary experience that they provide, but that's just my opinion. :)  Frank is an East Coast guy with a stratight face and $500 haircut, but trust me, he does have a sense of humor, give him a hard time..lol

One last thing, and I will cut this short. The specials that they served on Easter and Fathers Day, consisted of a one and a half pound lobster with claws, caesar salad, and red velvet cake for around $30.

If you decide to order the Collard Greens, make sure that Tip is working because she prepares them proper, with bits of swine for flavor, as well as a bit of vinegar. It may not sound so great to the untrained tongue, so I suggest you give them a shot and teach your tongue a lesson.

Cheers! :)
If you are looking for some good gumbo and great conversion, then this is the place for you!  The gumbo is fabulous and they make it right on front of you!! The service can be s bit slow, but it's worth the wait!!
This place has a long wait on weekends, you also have to stand in line, but is well worth it !  Great Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail ! Seafood Creole, very spicy, is to die for !  Very YUMMY !
Tried the Caesar Salad was so very GOOD !  I posted a photo of the long line, and the JUMBO shrimp !
Omg!! Let me tell you about the greens at this place!! They are off the chain!! There Gumbo is awesome!! I just love this place!!!
Ocean Trail is a great find. I had a huge, tasty shrimp cocktail and the BF had oysters and loved them. Service is quick and friendly and if you're waiting in line they invite you to get a drink at the bar. Prices are very reasonable, too.
I had recently gone here for my boyfriend and my 3 year anniversary. Not exactly romantic with the casino players in the back ground but the food is definitely worth the price and time spent.  The bread is out of this world and so is the gumbo. I cannot wait to try other things on the menu when i decide to go out with friends just for ocean trails. They do not stay open very late weekdays (9pm) but hopefully they stay open later weekends.  Since we only ordered gumbo they give you the option of how spicy you would like it 1-10 5 being moderately spicy(in my opinion it has awesome flavor a little kick not too much heat)(But if you cant do spicy this might be a tad too spicy a 3-4 would be moderate for you but i can do spicier)  I have never tried raw oysters but am willing to try next time and their are definitely cooked oysters in the gumbo along with shrimp and okra from what i remember along with a lot of other things as well along with some amazing dirty rice to mix in with it. So Good!!
Ah-may-zing.  Oysters? Check.  Bloody marys? Check.  Spiciest shrimp boil ever? Check!!! Depending on the chef, a shrimp boil ordered at level 10/10 on the heat scale truly delivers. I'm a huge chile head; very few dishes deliver that spice I crave. But when I found myself sweating, nose running and mouth ablaze, I knew I was in heaven. The chef told us they use cayenne, habanero and ghost peppers to achieve the level 10. It was nirvana. On top of being spicy, it is actually very flavorful.  Two thumbs up.
Simple but really great cajun food prepared in steamers right in front of you.  Selections include gumbo, pan roasts (a tomato-based broth with chunks of seafood), or seafood creole all with your choice of shrimp, crab, chicken, crawfish, oysters, or all five, with rice. They also have fresh oysters, jumbo shrimp cocktails, salads, and tasty seafood chowder, as well as the occasional lobster special. I've been probably 20 times and still never had a bad dish. The staff is friendly and helpful, and will adjust the spiciness of the dishes to your taste. By far the best option at the Talking Stick resort.

As another reviewer noted, this restaurant is really just a bar with a couple of tables, stuck right off the casino floor. This is definitely not a fine dining spot, with the clanging of slot machines and dead-eyed gamblers shuffling around fifteen feet away. Still, it's definitely worth a visit to Talking Stick. At $10-12 for lunch portions and $17-19 for huge dinner servings, and $25 for a massive platter of oysters, shrimp, crab, mussels, and clams, it's a fantastic value for the quality and tastiness of the food.  Good, reasonably priced seafood can be hard to come by in the valley, but this spot is a gem.
I love this place.  It's a small restaurant inside Talking Stick Casino.  Sit at the bar if you want the full experience.  Watch them fix your Cajun meal right in front of you in the steam pots.  I've been to New Orleans several times and this food stand up with meals I've had along Bourbon St.  The portions are large and flavorful.  They tend to run spicy ... You set the level on a scale of 1-10 when you order.  5 is as much as I can handle.  It's fun to watch if someone orders a 10 while you're there.  Everything I've had there is good including raw oysters, steamed shrimp, gumbo, and jambalaya.  Only thing that could have been better was the collard greens.  The bacon in them made them too salty.
We love love love Cajun style seafood. Not too many Cajun places around in Phoenix. The food was simple, yet delicious. We had the shrimp boil and the seafood creole. I ordered mine 10/10 spiciness and it was perfect. It's so awesome to finally find a restaurant that will make food very spicy when you ask them to. The chef was pleasant and very educational. He even shared some recipes with us. Not too much seating though, since it's in the corner of the casino. What a great find! Definitely going back.
I would never have expected to write a recommendation for a restaurant at a casino.  The fact that I am tells you all you need to know about Ocean Trail.  It is more of a walk-up eating area than a restaurant; but, don't let that stop you.  This place has the best seafood gumbo this side of New Orleans.  I love it.  I go there at least once a quarter and make excuses to justify going there because I am not a gambler.  

There are other really great items on the menu, i.e., the lump crab cocktail and the cajun style shrimp boil, too.  The star attraction is the combo LOUISIANA GUMBO  You can dial in your heat between a 1 (low) and 10( hot).  And order over dirty rice or white rice.  I go with a 7 and dirty rice and with a little fresh warm bread, I am dipping, slurping, and well fed patron. Give it a try.  

Afterwards, saunter over to the Shadows Lounge for a post meal cocktail and cigar.  A great evening!!
The food was great the portions where very large. Between my wife and and we slit a entrée. And for 4 drinks a appetizer and an entrée came under $50.00.
Good food great service, Tip is the best cook
man love the food here ..everything here is excellent always get pan roast or gumbo tried something different this time went with creole superb usually get a level 7 on spicey... this time Tip hooked me up with a 9 ...took sometime to get it down but was simply sensational... love couple places in town this is definite top three places and dishes for me in valley.
I went on a Wednesday night  and was able to sit up at the bar area.  I have to concur..all the employees there are super friendly.  The food...wow.  I tried some of the combo gumbo and the combo pan roast.  Both were spice level 8 of 10.  They were perfect.  Full of meat and super tasty.  I'm definitely going back to try the mussels and the clam chowder.  Oh...the chocolate bomb cake was great too.  Can't wait to go back.  I hear on the weekends, there's sometimes a line of over an hour.
This was one place that I was not surprised to check it out on yelp to see everyone has given it 5 stars! The food is fantastic and the fact that you can pick between 1 and 10 to your specification to its spiciness is also fantastic!! Its all good so I have no specific food to point out!!!
Cajun shrimp bowl was awesome-food is cooked in front of you and is very fresh.
Everything is great.  A 5 is not hot!! Chef Tipp is the best!
This place is RIDIC.  I crave the shrimp boil here like nothing else I have ever craved.  The most amazing flavor. Go hungry because it's a lot of food & you will want to eat every last bite, lick the bowl clean even, it's so good.

If you've never had a seafood boil, it's basically a delicious stew with all sorts of delicious spicy goodness.

OMGawd I want some right now... 

Seriously, if you love seafood, this is a MUST try.  If you don't love seafood, get over your non-seafood-loving ways and just go.
This is a little kiosk of a restaurant/dining area inside the hotel/casino.  I highly recommend you try it.  The seafood was GREAT and fresh.  I had the shrimp cocktail appetizer and then the shrimp boil.  Very good!  I came back the next night and had one of their specialties and it was excellent as well.  I wholeheartedly recommend that you try it.   Especially if you like shrimp, oysters and such.

I agree, this is a hidden gem and it won't be the last time I go there.
First off, the ambience is the casino. Not good.  I knew it was in the casino, but I didn't realize until I saw it that it's practically on the floor with the noisy slots and smokers.  They really should put up some sort of glass partition and circulate fresher air for the patrons.  As it stands, loud, drunk, smoking people in the casino can walk right by your table (within inches) and not be in the restaurant.  Cigarette smoke is not helpful when trying to enjoy a meal.  I have to deduct a star for this.  The buffet is isolated from the casino, they should do something for this spot too.  It's really unfortunate.

The service was friendly and helpful.  A bit inattentive, perhaps, but they were always moving.  Very busy.  So it wasn't neglect.

Now for the food.  We started with the corn seafood chowder.  They warn you that it has a variety of seafood in it (squid, octopus, etc).  Not just clams or shrimps.  But don't let that bother you.  No one flavor stands out, and the seafood is chopped up small enough that you aren't going to get a mouthful of any one thing.  It was really quite tasty, though perhaps just a bit salty.

Then came the shrimp boil.  Basically shrimp boiled in a spicy sauce/broth.  It also was pretty good.  I don't know that I would rave about it as other reviewers have, but I had no problem with it either.

Lastly, the seafood creole.  I got it with the dirty rice.  The dirty rice is very good, but the amount was pretty small for the dish.  I would have doubled it if I were the chef.  The seafood dish itself was actually very similar to the shrimp boil, except there was other stuff besides just shrimp.  It also had scallops, clams, and some other things I wasn't sure about.  It was very good, but didn't really distinguish itself from the shrimp boil much.  The sauce was a bit thicker, but in terms of flavor very similar.

All in all a pretty good meal.  I think I like Pappadeaux's better, but still pretty good.  I'd give them four stars if it wasn't for the noise and smoke.  One nice feature was specifying your spice level on a 1-10 scale.  I liked that.  Another thing to be aware of is this place ain't cheap.
Best best best
Love this place. Huge portions, amazing food! I always get the seafood creole and red beans and rice. I have tried other dishes that are pretty good but the creole is just SO good! They let you choose your level of heat 1-10 but, beware the 5 is pretty dang hot anything higher makes the dishes difficult to eat. The seafood all tastes fresh and  the food is so worth the drive & less than romantic ambiance, They need more seats!
Who would have thought Cajun food in a Casino. I thought Baby Kay's was great, but hands down this is by far my favorite place. The place was crowded with convention and spring training visitors. We had to wait about 30 minutes which is well worth the wait. 
The way the food is cooked, using steam, keeps your entree hot till the very end. The flavors are very consistent and the amount of seafood used is generous. Our friends had the Oysters on the half shell and is the best I've had in a long time. I had the Pan Roast with crab meat and dirty rice. My wife had the Crawfish Etouffee combo with Dirty rice. On a scale of 1 - 10 for hotness we had a 6 which turned out to be a little too hot for us. Our entrees were great.
Kudos to the Asian lady chef who prepared our meals. Great job!!
Well worth the wait! Food are awesome and can't wait to go back there again! Best Cajun food, surprisingly!!   The Chef Thipp is outstanding!  Hands down!!
This place is always amazing.  Talk about consistency.  I eat here at least once a month ever since they opened.  I also drive over 40 minutes just to have lunch or dinner here and it is well worth the drive.  The seafood is always fresh and the staff is so nice.  We brought friends with us last night and they loved it.  Everything except the caesar and soup is fantastic.  The portions are huge so keep that in mind.  If you want seafood in the valley you cant beat this place.  Try the shrimp or the steamed clams for an appetizer and split the pan roast combo for dinner.
This is an updated review.  I ate here over the weekend, again and it was as good as the first time.  I was in Scottsdale for business and visited this restaurant inside the Talking Stick Hotel and Casino.  Boy is this place great.  Every entree looks fabulous, but I chose the pan roast combo - delicious!  I wholeheartedly recommend this restaurant.
Hands down to Chef Thipp once again!!!!!  Fresh seafood with the right touch from the chef.......so delicious!!!  Still hold true..this is the Best Cajun food!  Thank you for making my night a happier night!  ;)  I cannot wait to go back there again and again
!!
Best Cajun food in the valley. Happy hour between 3 and 7. Hidden inside the casino but worth the search
best cajun food in az. if u love hot!!! food. then ask for tip's spicy 10
I absolutely loved the crawfish etouffee with shrimp.  The flavors and freshness out of sight!!!  Thank goodness I ordered the lunch portion.... More than enough for $10.00.

Will be returning for more!!!
This place was awesome! Great food and friendly service. I think this place is even better than Oyster Bar in Vegas. Fresh oysters were super fresh and their pan roast was sooo good! We'll be back very soon.
The Ocean Trail experience started off a little rocky. The restaurant is in the casino and is not sheltered from all the smoke that comes with a casino floor. That was a huge letdown. When eating you would hope that someone is not blowing a huge cloud of smoke in your face. We ordered the clams and the shrimp boil. The shrimp was pretty solid and spiced to our level of tolerance. The clams were MEH. The waiter after serving us our dish confirmed that the clams were awful.  This really pissed me off. First off, this restaurant was chosen in 2012 for best seafood of the year, and the waiter can't recommend something that dosent suck!?! So, I was ready to leave that place still hungry. My wife however, dosen't leave places hungry, and was ready to try another dish. We decided to split the Seafood Creole. Now, the Creole was unbelievable. My wife and I travel to Nola often and you would be hard pressed to find a better dish. The scallops were perfectly cooked. The spice was a masterpiece and by the end of the dish we were licking the plate. If I were to go to this restaurant again I would make sure to press the waiter for the best seafood at that time. Do not go in there a blindly order something because it sounds good. The resturant will sacrfice quality in order to fullfill the menu.
OH MY NOM. This place is AMAZING. We go to Talking Stick a lot but it wasn't until I read in the Best of Phoenix last year that this was voted "Best Seafood" that we even thought to check it out. I thought that was kind of funny/interesting/odd that the best seafood in Phoenix was in the casino and therefore was very intrigued. The combo gumbo is soooooooooooooo good. Sausage, shrimp, okra, chicken, crawfish, oysters, etc. Get it with dirty rice. One order of this is more than enough for two people to share and still have leftovers. BUT it's so good you may consider getting your own order. We like to order it pretty spicy but you can get it really mild too. Best thing to get to drink with it is a Drifter beer. YUM. Writing this review is making me want to go there right now. 

Also, do not go expecting some fancy pants atmosphere. You WILL be 10 feet away from gamblers...and slot machines...you are at a casino.
This place is off the hook! I have eaten here many times and have loved everything I have tried. Couple of things though: 1. If you come here, expect to wait in line. There are no reservations so come early if you don't want to wait or wait for a long time. 2. This place is not a true "restaurant style" space. It's literally a section off the casino floor that you might think looks good but don't want to wait in line. WAIT IN LINE. Trust me! The gumbo is why I come here. You can order it spice level 0-10 and trust me, it packs a punch!! Portions are huge and extremely satisfying! I love this food so much! To me, there is nothing like this in Arizona (or nothing I know of) and is definitely worth a try. Come here with friends or on a date, it's a great restaurant. Plus, you're already inside Talking Stick so enjoy the casino, music or dance clubs upstairs afterwards. Boom, there's your next fun night out already planned!
I cannot say enough good things about Ocean Trail. My only complaint is that we didn't discover it sooner! If you like spice and you like seafood, you cannot go wrong here. 

When you walk up to Ocean Trial the first time it is almost confusing and a little awkward as it is very small place and on the Casino floor directly behind everyone gambling. If you go on the weekends you will wait standing in a roped off line to the side, but it is worth the interesting atmosphere and the wait.

If you are not sure what to get, I must say that the pan roast is hands down the best dish ever, but the crab cocktail and the shrimp boil are also amazing. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. That being said, we did not enjoy the muscles. However, this would be the only thing on the entire menu I wouldn't recommend.

If you haven't been here before - try it! If you been here and weren't sure you fell in love - try the pan roast, and you will!
The wait is a little bit long if u have a larger 6+ group. But it is a small place. The food is worth waiting for, we've been back a few times & everything we had was good. The clam chowder.... Soo F'n good.
unbelievable seafood in the middle of the desert, what?? yes, it's true, the only bad thing is the long line
I love this place!! The gumbo is awesome and the greens are wonderful!! Great great place!!
Amazing seafood restaurant in a casino. Certainly not your typical casino fare. Very friendly staff who was more than willing to answer questions and make recommendations. The seafood steamed pot was so tasty, and reasonably priced. Will definitely be back when I am in Scottsdale.
If you are looking for a romantic dinner with ambiance, don't go to Ocean Trail.  BUT, if you're looking for one of the best seafood meals in the Valley, definitely plan on dining at Ocean Trail.  Everything is fantastic but the shrimp pan roast is absolutely the best!  I often eat at the restaurant but very frequently get a take out after a day of Blackjack.  The only negative is the small amount of seating....but, if you have to wait, it is definitely worth it.
Whenever we are in Scottsdale, (and that's at least 6x a yr because my mom lives there) we typically visit the Talking Stick Resort for a night out of gambling and some of the best cajun/creole food I've ever had...and I've been to NO several times!  I am going to watch Chef Thipp make her awesome shrimp boil next time so I can see what she puts in it.  I order the shrimp boil at a 5/6 spice level my sister orders at a 10...(not sure how that's even possible to enjoy.:)  Have also ordered and thoroughly enjoyed the Corn Chowder which is a meal in itself.  Shrimp Cocktail which are giant prawns that are so perfectly cooked with a majorly robust horseradish side and some lemon...YUM!!!  Great Caesar Salad and all should be washed down with a Bloody that is house made and perfectly spicy without overwhelming with all of the other flavors going on.  Or, very nice wine selection that I've definitely sampled.  The service is always extremely attentive and kind.  Also, being that it's a very small space and we usually eat in the "round" of the bar...they are right there to get you what you need when you need it.  Yes, you might have a wait during peak times but I do not mind waiting for something this consistently delicious.  I never miss a visit when I'm in town! When there...get there!
This is in the top 5 meals I have ever had, maybe even in the top 3. Yes, it was that good! This is a really small restaurant with 5 tables and bar seats. I have had cajun, New Orleans style food once, in New Orleans, about 10 years ago so I really didn't know what to expect since it had been so long and I didn't even remember what I ordered. The server suggested and appetizer and 1 meal for 2 people to split and it was perfect, just enough food. We started with shrimp in a garlic broth. I wanted to pick up the bowl and drink the broth it was so good!. Two pieces of bread soaked in the broth later, and lots of shrimp, our crawfish and crap ettouffee came out. It was so full of flavor and a very large portion. It was packed with plenty of crawfish and crab. 

Luckily our server explained the heat ratings to us because he said it was 1-10 and I immediately said we want 6. Well, their 6 is not what I was thinking because he said a 3 is tabasco sauce! We went with 3 on both dishes and it had just the right amount of heat. 

This is a really good restaurant and I can't wait to go back. It is worth every penny and the wait.
fun to watch
Ocean Trail serves delicious Cajun cuisine prepared with exquisitely fresh seafood. The atmosphere is relaxing and enjoyable.  The wait staff is superb and friendly.  We HIGHLY recommend the short drive for a great dining experience!
My wife and I saw the reviews so we had to check it out.  Ocean Trail is a must stop any time we are in Phoenix from now on. We were surprised by how small of an area it occupied that we walked by it the first time. We nearly didn't stay until we saw the plates being served. The pan roast combo is the way to go, it was one of the best things we've ever had. Take note that one order was more than enough for the two of us to share, and I'm not a small man.

Although there isn't much seating, they get people through there in short order. It is so worth the wait.
This place is pretty awesome.  Individual gumbo soup dishes made by an Asian lady.  I doubt she is cajun but she makes some good food.  Yeah this place is in the casino but its definitely worth standing in line.
Still wins every "best" award I have to give in the seafood category for the greater Phoenix area...

BEST oysters
BEST pan roasts
BEST gumbo
BEST steamers
BEST shrimp cocktail

Just the best seafood in the desert, period.
Most of the food here is very good. Oysters are fresh. I really enjoyed the combo pan roast. The gumbo was also tasty but had okra which I'm not a huge fan of. The clam chowder was too salty, and I wouldn't order it again.  The freshly baked hot bread was a plus and used as a sponge to mop up all the goodness. I found service to be inattentive. We stood around for awhile before without being addressed, ended up just taking a seat (all the tables were empty).  Took a while before being asked about drinks and bread was served to two tables seated after us before I had to ask for any. Our credit card also sat on the table for a while before it was taken back. I'd understand if they were busy, but they were not. The service really hindered our experience.
Yummy creole style dishes. However, I was bummed that they served only the crab meat instead of a few crab legs on the starter platter. Perfect for two, would not bring a crowd because you will never be seated. Can't wait to try more.
WOWZA!  Went here for Thanksgiving this year and that's the best way to describe this food!!  Their Thanksgiving special included crab legs, lobster tail, shrimp, mussels, rice, and corn on the cob.  One thing was better than the next!  The shrimp were so fresh and tasty.  The crab legs were tender.  The lobster had so much meat inside.  The mussels were even amazing (and I don't normally even like them!).  They were all served in a spicy sauce (you get to choose the spicy level 1-10 for all you wimps).
I have had seafood in many different parts of the country and this may be the best plate of seafood I have ever had and at 40 bucks it was a huge steal.  
We sat there enjoying our amazing meal while a line snaked around the entire casino for the buffet and all I could think was SUCKAZ!! hahaha  I cannot imagine they had anything better let alone anything worth that wait.
The only thing I will warn you about is that this place looks like an airport bar.  It literally looks like they may not even serve food beyond appetizers, but don't be fooled.  That being said it's not the best place for romantic ambiance, but that's okay because you can take the elevator right up to Orange Sky for an after dinner drink (also recommended).
Entertained a cousin visiting from out of town who's a snob about seafood so we decided on Ocean Trail while trying our luck at the tables too. Good food. Their oysters are very fresh and gumbo is one of the better ones I've had.  Our waitress was a bit slow, but she was friendly enough so we weren't too bothered by it. We also had the Crawfish Etouffee which was probably the best of the three ordered. Drinks are decently priced also.
Consistently some of the best Cajun seafood in the Phoenix area!

The food is always fresh and flavorful, service has been consistently top notch and there's something I adore about how incongruous it is to have an amazing tiny little Cajun seafood joint in the corner of a casino floor.

The awards Ocean Trails consistently receives are well deserved. And if there is a wait for seating, it is worth it!
I came across this place browsing for cajun places to eat.  I have eaten the famous Oyster Bar at Palace Station in Vegas.  To my surprise, Ocean Trail is actually comparable.  Both times we came our tummies left happy.  It is considered a bar so you cannot eat there unless you are 21 and over.  We've had the panroast, clam chowder, oysters, seafood corn chowder.

Clam chowder- this was decent.. but I honestly think most clam chowders taste the same 

Oysters- Being a California native I felt this could be fresher but with no bodies of water around Arizona .. this is probably as good as it gets.  The oyster meat was HUGE, big plus. 

Seafood corn chowder- I would opt for this over the clam chowder, creamy yet every bite was filled with seafood.  Perfectly seasoned !

Panroast-  I saved the best for last! This was AMAZING.  Perfect taste for those who like tomato based dishes.  I got mine with crawfish and my boyfriend got his with crab.  Both were good, the crawfish was lighter and crab was denser.  The second time we came we got the combination which I liked a lot better.  This is a MUST TRY!

So far the best panroast/seafood I have eaten in Arizona.
Wow, well worth the walk through the casino to find this place! The seafood corn chowder was great and the crawfish and crab etouffe was the best I've had outside of Louisiana! The only ding I give the place is the lack of seating: maybe 5 tables or so and then just seating at the bar; however, our wait wasn't bad at 7:15 at night.
Maybe because we came at 3:00, changing of the guards, they weren't on there game? The pan roast was good but crawfish frozen.
Killer gumbo and oysters!  This place is tucked in the corner at the back of the casino.  Best gumbo this side of the Colorado river, and they oysters are flown in from Vancouver BC.  Even the locals stop here for the simple Cajun menu.
This small am restaurant is a hidden gem in this resort. The oysters were wonderful from British Columbia and the gumbo is made to order right in front of you at the bar. Out of this world! Mine had more seafood than I could eat. The bloody Mary's are great too but spicy spicy ! The staff is friendly and attentive. Wish this was in my neighborhood-- I would be a regular !!
This place is sooooo good.  It threw me off when I first saw it because it is nothing more than a tiny seafood bar in the middle of a casino.  You are steps away from slot machines.  However, the food is so good it is worth it.  Spicy and full and just delicious.  I have been here several times and always leave satisfied.  If you like cajun food and you love seafood, you owe it to yourself to try this gem of a place!
The pan roast is one of the best dishes in all of Phoenix.  Whether you order the combo, crawfish, or shrimp, each dish is packed with seafood and satisfies the belly like nothing else.  You still remember that you're eating in a casino, 'cause you really can't drown out the sounds from the slot machines or stop smelling the cigarette smoke wafting your way from all angles, but it doesn't matter, because the food is JUST THAT GOOD.  If you're sitting at one of the small tables away from the bar, it's also hard to ignore the mass of people that are constantly walking by you, since you're right off the casino floor, but don't let that deter you from eating here either.  The food is JUST THAT GOOD!

If you like okra, then you'll love the gumbo, which is also packed with fresh seafood-y goodness and okra-y sliminess.  The shrimp boil is not bad, and would be good on its own, but not when compared to any of the pan roast dishes.  The broth is a little too thin for my taste.  The chowders are excellent, as is the Caesar salad.  

But the thing that ties the whole thing together is their bread, which is kind of toasty and soft and chewy all at the same time, and which is perfect for extracting every last bite of sauce and crab bits from the last remnants of your pan roast.  Great bread + great butter + great pan roast = awesome meal every time.  And at only $12 for lunch, or $20 for dinner (for double the portion), I personally think that this meal is a steal.  

Sit at the bar and watch the whole cooking process take place, and prepare to be amazed.
Went for lunch after wanting to go here for months and I was impressed.  I got the pan roast combo. It was filled with crab, crawfish, and lots of shrimp. It was almost like a soup but thicker. Seafood in every bite.  I got a 3 on the spicy scale and wish I got about a 5.  The bread is great to dip into the broth.
I'm obsessed with their gumbo! It is the only reason I go inside a smoke filled casino. Their oysters and Caesar salad are good as well.
I always take out if town foodies here and it never disappoints! Come early (before 6pm) and don't bring too big of a party! Fresh, well prepared seafood, big potions, the bread comes out warm and is good for soaking up the goodness!
Been to Ocean Trail about 8 times over the past 8 months or so and have tried something different each visit (ordered raw oysters every visit but enjoyed different variety everytime). The oysters are always fresh, cold and delicious! The jumbo shrimp cocktail is excellent also but I believe the shrimp are slightly smaller now than when I first came here...not sure?

I personally love the gumbo but have tried pan roasts and etouffee all with either lump crab meat or shrimp and found both crab or shrimp to be plentiful and fulfilling along with the mix of all ingredients. As mentioned by most yelper's, choose your heat wisely but have found 7 to be pretty standard and not too spicy but very flavorful. Please note that one of the lady chef's (not sure of her name but slightly smaller build and a little older than the other chef's) definitely prepares the dishes better than the others but for the most part, food has been consistently good.

The corn chowder is also a favorite but haven't tried the clam chowder yet but have heard numerous recommendations from other guests. The warm, toasty bread that accompanies your meal goes perfectly with anything you order, especially the soups and pan roasts.

One of the most outstanding aspects of this place is the camaraderie amongst the guests @ the bar. I've been very fortunate to meet some truly outstanding people everytime while dining here. My neighbors @ the bar shared numerous stories about their lives, both locals and people visiting from other parts of the US or world, as we sat and enjoyed food and drinks together. The bar staff can be a little hit or miss though but have always met expectation. Like every place, some bartenders truly enjoy what they do while others just show up for work.

Even if you don't necessarily want to gamble, you'll definitely come out a winner everytime after dining @ Ocean Trail! Enjoy!
One of the best meals we've had at a restaurant.  We will definitely be back! The smoking and casino aspect is a downgrade, but the food more than made up for it.
This is my new favorite restaurant. This is the perfect date restaurant and the perfect try something new restaurant. While the menu is small, the food is amazing. I have been three times now and tried several thing and they are all better than the previous! My favorite so far is the shrimp boil. The ettouffee is also very good, better than mine! Oysters and shrimp cocktail are also some of the best I have ever had. This is a very small restaurant but worth the wait. I like sitting at the oyster bar and watching them make all the dishes. The red beans and rice are just as good as I had in New Orleans! The only dish I haven't tried is the gumbo and that is up next on the list for me. They let you pick the spiciness of the dishes you order. I get a 4 which is a little hotter than tobasco sauce which is how they explain the levels to you. 3 is tobasco. Service is really good. Prices are very reasonable for seafood and the portions which are huge. I always have some to take home which I just make some rice and have a whole other meal!
You really can not beat the gumbo here!! I recommend starting at a "3" for level of hot. They go up to a "14".. I think my face would melt off! And I love spicy foods! The portion is huge and u can most def share with a friend :)
Had dinner here the other night with friends and I fell in love with this place. Been here twice since then. It's really good and prices are good too.
PDSF Review:  PARKING is free; casino parking lot.  DECOR: restaurant is really small; 50% of the seating at the bar; 50% in high chair/tables.  Line may be get long; so avoid dining rush hours. SERVICE was solid.  FOOD: Corn chowder was salty.  However, when it comes to the seafood pan roast - it was unforgettable.  Every bite had seafood and the seasoning was perfect.  The only caution is the spiciness.  I usually eat very, very spicy, so I thought a Level 9 would be ok... but that pan roast made me sweat and tear up in the eyes... it was too spicy.   I think if I were to go back next time, I would stick to level 7, so that I can actually taste and enjoy the food.  The best pan roast chef if "Tip", a very nice Asian lady.
This is not a restaurant. This is a food joint on a casino floor. The food was fair. The service was worse. If you like your food served with an overdose of cigarette smoke, this is the place for you. After enduring two hours of waiting from the time we arrived until our check was settled, we felt disappointed and cheated. I wouldn't refer this place to satan himself.
Really cool spot, this is located in a casino and it does not take reservations. 

When it opens, there is a line that forms and it is first come first serve. If you have flexible on that, the food is amazing, if you are sitting in stool area, they cook in front of you. This is a unique date area and just something fun to do that is outside the norm.
It is really close to a 4 star but I can't.  So I was excited about trying it because I go to Vegas about 3-5x a year and go to the Oyster Bar everytime where Bob prepares my food spice level 10. 

So my husband and I go and to Ocean Trail the set up I say is more glamorous than my delicious Oyster Bar. We went on a Saturday night so it was a little busy and too many staff members walking around and the waiter was never available when you needed him at the oyster bar there is the cook, server and a cleaner simple.  So it was a bit confusing. 

I ordered a hurricane it was too sweet and no liquor.  He ordered a long island just ok.  We ordered half dozen oysters and combination gumbo spicy 8. There was a guy telling me it is too spicy to get a 10. The waiter said this is a lot spicier than the Oyster Bar so I believed them and got the 8. 

The oysters were dirty and small. The rolls and butter were delicious.  The gumbo wasnot spspicy at all like eating baby food. So I ordered some ghost pepper "stuff" on the side and you have to sprinkle it to make it hotter with dirty rice. It was an ok date night.  I will go back and try it again.
Small place, mainly a bar with a couple tables open to the casino. The food is great. Tastes like you are sitting in the French Quarter. Jambalaya, great. You pick how spicy you want it. Shrimp cocktail, great. Huge, really tasty, great cocktail sauce. Clam Chowder, great. I've had almost a million (maybe less) chowders and this is among the best. How can I sum up Ocean Trail, great.
Great place with a small seating area, but unfortunately the wait was a bit long and worth it. I ordered the pan roasted combo with a level 10 scale on spice. I gotta say my sweat was burning, but loved it and added extra ghost better seasoning. I would go back again.
I am definitely a fan of Ocean Trail.  If you like spicy seafood, cooked to perfection, this is THE place in Scottsdale to go.  It is inside the Talking Stick Hotel and Casino.  Easy to find, service is attentive and fast.  Lunch at 11 and dinner later in the evening.  I was here AGAIN 04/29/14 and again it is great.  The pan roast combo is still my favorite.  I can't get enough of it.  My compliments to the chefs!!
It was a little place inside the Casino. Not many seats. There was some confusion on trying to seat us. They started to and said oh you can't sit there please wait back in line. So we waited some more and then we were seated, We both ordered different entrees and well they both looked and tasted about the same. Do not come here if you are looking for a quiet meal or if you would like to hear the other people in your party well. We enjoyed the meal food wise the atmosphere was ok, but we will not be going back.
My wife's favorite food is seafood and did this place ever hit the Mark! We had the pan roast and the flavor was absolutely amazing. Best of all, it was my wife's birthday and they gave us a free chocolate cake afterwards!
Up from the Bay Area. Decided to try this place. I always am hesitant on Casino food specially seafood  But this place is the Bomb. It's not want you think, it's located on the main floor of the casino in kind of a circular kiosk. It seats about 20.  We decided on the steamed mussels and combination gumbo. The mussels was in a wine and garlic broth. The mussels were large and fresh. Drank all the broth. Followed up with the combo gumbo with medium heat. Portions was huge. Easy enough for two people. Great taste. Coming from seafood area I have to admit this was top three stuff. Our Chef Tipp and her staff was great and I will make sure I come back again...like tomorrow.
I think I'm in love with this place! I started off with the fresh raw oysters; they were beautifully presented on ice with the strongest horseradish ever and cocktail sauce. I must admit the oysters weren't as briny as I like them but they were still good and hella huge. The table bread and butter were a nice touch but the star of the evening was the gumbo and dirty rice! I got the combo with everything at a level five heat and couldn't have been more pleased. It's so fun to watch your pan roast/gumbo get made freshly just for you. Don't forget to order a cocktail too, my hurricane was only $7.50 you can't beat that! Bonus tip: it's surprisingly slow on Sunday afternoons :-)
Such a hidden gem.  Inside the talking stick casino right off the casino floor a little place that makes amazing Cajun inspired food. My wife and I had date night here and loved it! 

Be sure to get the red beans and rice. Really special. From the comments by other yelpers we ordered the pan roasted combo: combo of shrimp crawfish and scallops  so good! And a huge portion,  2 people can share this with a side of red beans and rice. Sit in the back facing the casino floor and it is much quieter and offers a interesting view   the service is super fast and you can watch them preparing the food.  We simply loved it and can't wait to go back!!
Chef Tipp never let me down!!  the food is outstanding as always!!! I am so looking forward to going back there again.
This place was a total surprise.  It is absolutely delicious.  The food is fresh and made right in front of you.  We went with four people and all ordered different things and all of it was absolutely delicious.  It can be pretty spicy but they let you decide the level of spice which is really nice.   I had the seafood corn chowder and it was amazing.  The jumbo is really good and the pan roasted dish.  The oyster shooters are a fun way to stat the night.  

They don't take reservations and there can be a line.  I'd recommend going early around 5:30 or so.  Unfortunately it is in a smokey casino so you'll have to deal with that.
Ahhh, Roach Coach - how far we've come!
These days, Phoenix is finally starting to get the hint that GOOD food on mobile trucks can work - and work well!

My first introduction to Jamburritos was at the Great Cajun Cookoff and Food Fest.  I would have written about the gumbo - but as I was on the planning committee for the event, thought it would be a conflict of interest.  And, by the time things slowed down enough for me to actually eat that day, only a handful of the restaurants still had food.  I didn't want to skip kudos to a great place just becuase I was too slow in getting there.  That said...the experience I had that day was certainly good enough to get my attention.  I "liked" them on Facebook and have had a great lunch with them that past 2 days.

I saw the Facebook update that the truck would be at the Ford dealership on Camelback  yesterday and today.  I made plans with Kim T to meet for lunch today...but I couldn't wait!

Yesterday I tried the special - 2 catfish po boy sliders.  Nice fresh rolls, perfect remoulade, shredded lettuce, 2 good sized cornmeal breaded catfish filets fried to perfection and a dollop of black bean salsa.  YUM!  Adding hot sauce made it perfect.  The only problem (which I was sure to share with them today), I took the platter home, left it on the table for just a minute to get a drink...and my dog Layla stole one of the catfish filets!  So - not Jamburritos fault at all, but I was left a bit hungry.

Today I met Kim T.  She had the K-sadilla with fried eggplant, I had the steak jamburrito.  We were both happy campers!  Her K-sadilla was enormous, and had to be eaten with a fork.  There was just so much good stuff in there, the tortilla never could have held up!  The steak jamburrito was HUGE, and filled with chopped steak, slices of andouille sausage, rice, beans, cabbage and cheese.  Every bite was amazing...but did I mention it was HUGE?  It's seven hours later, and I am not even interested in dinner.

Prices are VERY low for the quality and quantity of food received.  Yesterday's special was $3.99, the highest on the menu, I believe, is $6.99.  I could be wrong about that...it may be the $5.99, which was the price of my burrito.  

Fresh, hot, delicious food and WONDERFUL people in the truck!
Mark Brown, the owner, came out to chat with us - before we even got our food, we were made to feel like family.  (Meant in the good way!)

Definitely worth finding on Facebook or following on Twitter to see where they'll be serving up next!
My endless quest for righteous food truck grubble has collided headfirst with my search for great Cajun food! I first sampled some of Jamburritos offerings at the 2010 Great Cajun Cook-Off and Food Fest and was thrilled to find out that they would soon launch their food truck in the Phoenix Metro Area.

A mission was hatched to track down this mysterious Mexican-Cajun fusion food truck for a Friday lunch treat. I tried to plan ahead and noted their posted location on their website as a Ford dealership on Camelback. I talked this outing up quite a bit amongst my co-workers to prepare them for our Friday lunch field trip. However, when I checked their website on the day of our food truck picnic, they had changed locations to the Phoenix Public Market food court (on Central Ave & Pierce St). This was actually great news... since it was within walking distance from work!

I ordered the signature Jamburrito (jambalaya wrapped in a tortilla, burrito-style), but with Cajun-spiced beefsteak instead of chicken (which is traditionally included in jambalaya). The portions were fairly enormous and filling. I found my jamburrito to be a bit oily and salty, but it was still damn good! They offered a selection of Louisiana hot sauces to zip up your dish... but it is plenty spicy without it. I am a bit of a hot sauce freak, so I borrowed one of their condiment bottles for our table and added it dropwise to nearly every bite.

My co-workers were pleased with my lunchtime suggestion. We topped off this indulgence with another... a Crème Brûlée from the Torched Goodness truck--but that is for another review. I'm looking forward to more Food Truck Fridays at the Downtown Phoenix Public Market, and I hope that Jamburritos continues to be part of this exciting new Phoenix food trend!
After having read Chris B's review and then seeing them later the next day at the Wednesday evening Phoenix Market I decided to give them a try.  
Initially looking and the Cajun Steak Jamburrito, after talking to the chef I decided to just go with the Cajun Steak Jambalaya bowl ($5.99). While waiting I was given a hush puppy to sample...light and crispy just like I like 'em.  Contemplating getting an order I figured it would be too much food. 
 I received my bowl of savory rice mixed with some veggies like peas, corn, carrot topped with a portion of spicy steak and some slices of sausage.  It was very much comfort food.  I did have to put a generous sprinkle of hot sauce to add a touch more heat and flavor but it was a very welcome addition.  
While it didn't knock my socks or wow me, it reminded me of a few things I whip up at home now and again. I left content, full and happy I tried a new food truck.
If I wasn't married I might ask the chef to marry me! This is the first time that I've had a simple salad and liked so much I actually ate the whole thing.  I don't usually eat salad when out as I tend to splurge but I really needed something fresh that day. So while my husband ordered the steak burrito I got the cajun steak salad. It was a very simple salad, romaine, cheese, steak, tomatoes.  But this was exactly why this was so good the chef used  simple fresh ingredients, nothing overly complicated here except for the perfectly spiced steak which is what took this salad to a five star review. WOW amazing flavor.  My husband loved his steak jamburrito and couldn't control letting everyone know about it.  We went back a week later and were so impressed we are now contemplating becoming Jamburrito stalkers! We will definitely be back!  Thanks Chef Great fusion cooking. -
The fried catfish is to DIE FOR!  Simple but delicious...i go back specifically for that and the hush puppies.  It's a good portion for the right price.
I've been checking out the different food trucks at Phoenix Public Market's Food Truck Fridays. 

Note: Be ready for a wait at all of the trucks. But on a beautiful spring afternoon, it's not a bad thing. 

Today I tried Jamburritos for the first time. They had an interesting and wide selection of items, from fried catfish to creole chicken quesadillas. I chose the chicken K-Tacos. Three spicy chicken street tacos with cabbage and black bean salsa. Wow. Great flavor. Enough spice to clean out my sinuses without fear of burning my taste buds. 

The guy taking orders was cheerful and pleasant. I also enjoyed the variety of beverages available. I chose a Tamarind soda. Yum. I'm looking forward to trying more items on the menu before Food Truck Friday ends when the heat rises.
My sister lives in Austin where food trucks are on almost every corner, so when I heard the trucks were coming to Phoenix, I was super psyched!! My co workers and I headed down on Friday around 1pm. The trucks are parked close to my school, so we got there quickly, and there was tons of parking, and no lines to wait in. When we arrived, there was such a variety, I wasn't sure what to pick. We tried to find a money machine, but realized, to our delight, most of the truck accept credit. I chose to go to Jamburritos and did not regret my choice. I order the jambalaya and it was awesome! The dish was spicy and delicious! I will return and this time, my choice will not be difficult; I will go to Jamburritos!
Mike,

Awesome concept, excellent food I would stop and give it a try especially if your tired of your everyday burrito roach coach. It beats what any other coach has to offer. The Burrito is awesome, but the quesadilla is the best
Because I always have to copy off of my sister AB, I should toss up a review of Jamburritos as well (especially since I was the one who told her about the food trucks!). 

The addition of the food trucks to Downtown has been fantastic. There are some solid spots near the ASU campus, but adding 4-6 trucks every Friday really livens up the options. However, I have been pretty boring, because 4 out of 5 times I have went there, Jamburritos and the chicken jamburrito has been my choice. I can explain though; it's freaking awesome.

First off, the service with Jamburritos is quick and very friendly. I always walk my food back to the office (I'm SO dedicated to my job), and the truck wraps up my deliciousness. More importantly, the chicken jamburrito is basically amazing. I am always a fan of non-Mexican food in burritos (the blackened chicken burrito from California Tortilla is one of the best I have ever had), so a jambalaya burrito was a perfect idea. The chicken and sausage are always perfectly cooked and extremely succulent, and the dirty rice really adds some flavor to the meal. For $6, it is hard to beat Jamburritos, so try 'em out!
Terrific, authentically prepared Cajun food.

We stopped by the Phoenix Public Market yesterday to check out Food Truck Fridays.  It was almost 2 p.m. and they were getting ready to close so after quickly surveying the six trucks, we decided on Jamburritos.

We ordered the chicken and okra gumbo and the fried catfish special.  Both were awesome.  The gumbo was a fairly large portion that was rich, flavorful and chock full of sausage, chicken and okra.  Absolutely delicious and a steal at five bucks.  The catfish was completely non-greasy and cooked perfectly, served with rice and greens.

Highly recommended.
Solid 4.5 stars.  

I, like the review by Jeff F., stopped in for Food Truck Friday on 4-22-2011 and had almost the same thing he had:   the chicken and okra gumbo and the fried catfish SANDWICH special.  

Both were definitely super-tasty.  

The gumbo was a $5, decently large portion that was yummy, not overly salty, and full of large chunks of chicken and okra and sausage with a saucy white rice base.  I was amazed at the sheer number of chunks of meat or okra - it never ended, all the way to the last scrape of the paper-lined cardboard bowl.

The catfish in the sandwich was coated with your basic cornmeal batter, served on buttered Texas toast, with some kind of mayo sauce and lettuce and tomatoes.  It was large enough that I saved half of it for part of  my breakfast on Saturday.  I'd like to add that the catfish fillet was VERY THICK.  One of the thickest catfish cuts I have seen in this town.

One of the best uses of $10 I have seen in a while.  Worth the money, tasty as all get-out, and a signal that eating again off this truck is in my future.
"Wow, this is better than Chipotle!" my friend said, before I had the urge to deliver a swift kick to her face.

"That's not saying much at all!" I replied in disgust. There is NOTHING I can compare this to. Basically, it's 'Creole' food wrapped in a tortilla, or made in a quesadilla, or in a bowl by itself. I thought the idea of chicken + andouille sausage in a wrap wouldn't work, but I was proven wrong bite after bite. I haven't bought from a food truck in years, and I think I'm gonna follow this one around for a while. 

5 stars because it's better than I expected, and there's nothing I would change. Delicious!
Maybe it was an off day, but I thought the food today was not very good at all. The BF and I each got a 'k sadilla,' I got the steak and he got the chicken. Maybe this item isn't the best thing to get here... I don't know. It was soggy and had waaaay too much cheese. The steak was chewy and flavorless despite being labelled as 'cajun.' The k sadilla had cabbage in it.... but the cabbage wasn't cut at all... there were huge pieces of it in this thing. Overall, the flavor was off putting (and I like Cajun food), it was greasy, and the whole thing fell apart while trying to eat it. I would not get this again, not when there are 3 other very good choices in the same parking lot (the bbq, the hot dogs, and the grilled cheese).
Coming from Portland just a few weeks ago, it was a surprise to hear of Phoenix's entry into the Food Cart/Truck arena. We received an email telling us of a close location (Whole Foods, Scottsdale) that we could experience the things we have come to enjoy and love. Quick, gourmet plates of saucy goodness with just the right amount of spice and flavor that would make us talk about the trucks for weeks, counting the days until they rolled onto that welcoming asphalt off Raintree Drive again. Being a lover of the tastes and smells of New Orleans, I opted to try Jamburritos Cajun Grille Express. Note now that the temperature was 106, high noon, standing on black asphalt. 

I ordered the hush puppies and a Chicken Jamburrito. Wash it down with a tasty beverage and I would have been set. The "Express" part of the name in my opinion should be dropped. Many of us waited over 30 minutes to get our food, some people just getting a simple Chicken K-Taco plate. As I waited, to my horror, I saw a prepackaged frozen bag of hush puppies heading to some vat. Maybe they have a hush-puppy machine at home? I was expecting hand rolled pup's like mom used to make. Instead, over fried golf balls. By the time I got my The Jambirrito, it was soft, oozy and a little cold. The flavors that I expected to explode my senses tasted like they took a little McCormick Cajun Seasoning and kicked it up a bit with some cayenne pepper. I really wasn't tasting anything that I would associate with jambalaya, and thought the chicken may have been a little undercooked. The cheese was simple melted pepper jack, and the lettuce wilted. Waiting in the hot Arizona sun for 30 minutes only added to the disaster we called lunch. Had it been the best damn meal I had all week, I would have instantly forgotten the wait.  I give Jamburrito's 3 stars for trying something new and being on the forefront of the Phoenix Food Truck scene, but am giving them a single star for efficiency and taste.
I may be a midwest-raised boy (Indiana), but I LOVE cajun/spicy food; the hotter the better. This place (truck) manages to help me get my heat fix and still have a TON of flavor. 

Came across Jamburritos at the Phoenix Public Farmers' Market on a Saturday morning. Now with all those food options around (Hey Joe, Short Leash, etc.) you may ask what made me pick this one (besides the heat); Catfish! I hadn't had catfish (scratch that, good catfish) in quite sometime. 

I had a couple options for the catfish; grilled or fried/sandwich or bowl. Over a couple of visits, I have all the combinations. There is no wrong way to have Chef Michael Brown's catfish. 

The catfish was perfect, and what I mean by that is: 
- Perfectly cooked, tender and flaky 
- spiced perfectly (wife finds it a little hot for her, but still tastes so good she is willing to endure) :) 

If they don't have the catfish, I usually go for a chicken jamburrito with rice, andouille sausage, pepper jack cheese, and lettuce. The make a great red/hot sauce you can put on any of the menu and kick the heat up a notch. 

Lastly, can't forget to mention the hushpuppies. I consider myself a foodie, but I eat these little deep-fried puffs so fast that I don't take anytime to figure out what is in them. I know for sure though, they are NOT like any hushpuppies you have had before (oh so good). 

Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings or 
Phoenix Public Market for Mobile food court on Wednesday 4-8pm. 

check them out!!
Really good fried catfish!  I was not really fond of catfish until I tried Jamburrito's way of serving it. The jambalaya rice makes the perfect accompaniment for the crunchy delight. The people serving the food are very friendly and the total experience definitely makes Food Truck Fridays a weekly event to look forward to.
Let's just say, if Jamburritos had a creepy song that played loudly from their truck and cruised around residential areas on the regular, I'd be running barefoot down the street with my mom's change purse in hand. 

Honestly, who would even mourn the demise of the ice cream truck with the evolution of the Creolexican truck? 

P.S. If you had the nerve to say, "me"... Well, I couldn't even hear you over the pleasant crunching of my Jamburritos hushpuppies anyway.
I was lucky enough to score a big plate of jambalaya from the Sun City Festival event on Saturday, Nov 12.  The flavors were fabulous and it had just to right amount of kick!  Can't say how delightfully surprising it was to find all the sausage and big hunks of chicken... Quality + quantity= AWESOME!!!!  Run now and find that elusive Jamburrito truck!!!
Went to Food Truck Friday for the first time and after 10 min of reading every food truck menu, I decided on Jamburritos mainly because I was in the mood for some hushpuppies. I was eyeing the chicken jambalaya in a bowl, but then I saw a grilled catfish sandwich go by and changed my mind instantly. I was so happy with my dish. The fish was flaky and full of spices. The hushpuppies were to die for! And even the Fanta was a nice add to the greasy, yet yummy dish that I had. I love this food truck craze and I hope it sticks around. I still need to try Hey Joe Filipino and the Torch food place.
1st time experience ... very positive. Great atmosphere, high energy, a little bit of a wait but that was expected. Seafood Gumbo was very good only surprise was the use of Fried Catfish bits (vs shrimp or scallop) but it fits with the rest of the menu offerings. Very tasty, use of Okra was great to see, just a bite of of spice for my taste, so I did add more from selection of Hot Sauces available. Pricing was reasonable for the portion. Service staff were friendly, fast and accurate. Overall ambiance at Public Market also good, clean with people coming around to help clear tables, area was packed so seating at a premium but everyone looked to be having a good time, very much like a street fair. Looking to go back soon
Jamburritos is like an ice cream truck for adults. I was fortunate enough to encounter my newest addiction at the Phoenix Food Truck Festival.

The Jambalaya burrito had the perfect blend of heat and spices. The catfish is expertly breaded and fried. The hushpuppies were delightfully fluffy, moist balls of crackalicious magic. I honestly had not considered the potential of Creolexian until now. I'm fairly convinced Jamburrito can do no wrong.

I wish these guys lived in my neighborhood so that I could conveniently drop by for dinner. Phoenix needs a fleet of these trucks so that I can happily grow fat.
It's pre Saint Patrick's day and everyone in the building is eating corned beef and cabbage. I think corned beef tastes like Alpo smells and cabbage gives me bubble guts so I opt out for Cajun.  I stroll up Central Avenue soft breeze in my face sun kissed all the way and I pass a couple friends returning from where I'm heading, Food Truck Friday, oh yeah!

The Jamburrito truck had the longest line of the fleet which only made my cravings for Cajun much-more stronger. I was torn between the chicken jambalaya bowl and the fried catfish jamburritto. The guy ahead of me in line was raving about the catfish and that was all the indirect intervention I needed to make my decision. The fried catfish jamburrito is a girthy handful and loaded with chunks of freshly fried catfish, jambalaya rice, Cajun tartar, black bean salsa, shredded jack cheese and shredded lettuce.  I call it Cajun Gold!  I added on an order of hushpuppies because I'm cool like that.
High B+ to the chef! My worst complaint is that the portions were so HUGE! The flavors were good and spice heat just about perfect. One member of our group complained about too much "Italian Seasoning" taste, but the rest of us yelled him down - can't please everyone. Should have tried these guys months ago!
The taste of Louisiana literally on the go!  Being only a little more than a year removed from a Mardi Gras trip to New Orleans, this truck brought back some fun memories I thought I had drunk away.  Jamburrito's is a regular staple at Food Truck Fridays at the Phoenix Public Market, and on my latest visit to the weekly roach coach festival (I say that lovingly) I decided it was finally time I give it a try.

I had to go with a catfish jamburrito.  In addition to the menu saying it was famous, the uniqueness warranted a try.  Catfish jambalaya wrapped up in a burrito, how do you go wrong with some cajun-mexican fusion?  The catfish is cooked well and the spices are hot!  The hot sauce served on the side only makes the dish better!  The lone issue I had with the catfish jamburrito was the cheese.  Every time I got a bite of cheese and fish together, it just didn't taste right.  Despite the culinary faux pas; For just $8, it comes in a very generous portion which will fill you up for the rest of the day.  I probably should have stopped after eating half, but I wanted to get my money's worth!

Another cool thing about Jamburrito's.  It's not a cash only truck.  They take credit card, and will text you a receipt if you desire.
Living in Louisiana, you always want to have something that reminds you of your childhood.  Well, Jamburritos also brought some innovation to the table too for the new age/ adult in me.  I went to the Great Cajun Cookoff and was amazed at what I tasted.  Red Beans and Rice and Jambalaya intertwined into burritos/tacos?  Also, the Catfish was cooked to perfection too.  I just wanted to tip my hat off to this express truck and excited to try something else on their menu!
Yum.
You should try this.
I split the steak Jamburitto with my husband ( and still had leftovers for lunch)  and the very friendly man taking our order urged us to get the hush puppies.  Glad we listened 'cause Yum.  Really liked the hush puppies.
Oh yes, you gotta go here on Food Truck Friday! The guys are so friendly and they play the best music too. Super blues-y, Creole, Old Louisana style. Had the longest line so you know it's worth it! Their glass coke bottles are the tall ones so you get your moneys worth too. I got the Chicken Jamburrito and couldn't finish the whole thing in one setting. This is a big deal because I'm a midwestern girl and you always finish your meal out there. 

Highly recommend anything with their creole sauce or cheese, just melts in with the rest of the ingredients!
If you see this truck in town you need to run it down and experience this wonderful cajun goodness that is run and owned by Chef Brown. If you have trouble finding this truck around town, you'll have no trouble finding it at Food Truck Fridays. (Additional Info. below).

Chef Brown's truck is infamous for its legendary Jamburrito. Legend has it that the Jamburrrito is  jambalaya wrapped in a tortilla. Intrigued by what I had heard about this Southwest Cajun Fusion, I had to experience it for myself, and I took my husband along for the ride. Just like Indiana Jones looking for the lost arch, we journeyed downtown to Food Truck Fridays on a quest for the Jamburrito.

We discovered the Jamburrito three Fridays ago, and have returned often.The truck serves up food that is fresh, addictive, top quality, reasonably priced, and packed with a lot of punch. You're left full and satisfied because of the cajun flavors and portions. I can see why this truck was given high marks in AZ, and was almost selected for the Great Food Truck Race on the Food Network!!

Recommendations: 

CHICKEN or GRILLED CATFISH JAMBURRITO
We usually order the chicken or grilled catfish jamburrito and some hushpuppies. Oh my gosh!! Heaven in our mouths. One of the things I am particular about are tortillas, and the tortillas Chef Brown uses are spot on. While eating the Jamburrito I felt like I had one foot in New Orleans, and the other in Texas. 

BELGIAN WAFFLES AND BUFFALO WINGS
This order includes one waffle, three buffalo wings, and some hushpuppies with dipping sauce. Best waffle and wings ever!!!! The waffle is crisp and is dusted with bacon and powdered sugar that can be dipped in syrup. Yummy!!!! The wings don't look like your typical wing. They look like mini lamb chops with a little bone sticking out. The wings are meaty, juicy, and have a crispy skin. The wings are placed in a rubb and sauce. Amazing!!! Oh my gosh!!!! My mouth is watering while I type this up.

Stop reading...go and visit..and tell him that Tenisha says hi!!!


Additional Info:
The truck is a part of a food truck coalition that can be found  in the Phoenix Public Market Parking Lot on Fridays from 11am-1:30pm and Saturdays from 8am-Noon. 

14 E. Pierce/721 N. Central
(NE corner of Central Avenue and Pierce Street)
Jambalya= Cajun stew, usually good but not very accessible or common (at least not in AZ)
Burrito= kinda good, some people love them, I think they're usually too big and unwieldy...just give me some tacos or an enchilda

Jamburrito=....Out.of.this.World! 

Tried it at Food Truck Fridays and man was it worth the wait and $. It was $9 for a chicken Jamburrito, hushpuppies and a soda. Not bad, and you get a lot of bang for your buck. I only finished half and am still full 3 hours later. At the same time, it wasn't as overwhelming to me as a Chipotle burrito. Maybe because they cut it in half so I can easily save the other half for later.

Anyway, this is one of those fusions that just works. It's a great tortilla and good jambalya, and together they combine for a really tasty and unique meal.
J and I decided to go to First Friday, just for the sake of trying out the food trucks!  We discovered the little gem, Jamburritos!!  

$6 Chicken Jamburrito = tasty and very filling!!  :) And more than enough food to feed both J and myself.  I will say though, that the burrito could have been rolled a little tighter. 
$2 hush puppies = Super tasty!!!

The jamburrito had a nice little kick of spice to it.  Very Tasty!!  J and I were stuffed after each of us having half of the burrito (along with sharing half a hamburger from Ralph's).  Well worth the $8.00 for the burrito and hush puppies.
So while my in-laws were in line to order plain hot dogs because they weren't willing to even try the combinations this particular food truck was offering, much less see which other trucks were at the festival, I wandered off and settled on Jamburritos.  

I returned to the band of boring and enjoyed my catfish plate.  My perfectly seasoned catfish was served with a spicy jambalaya rice and crispy hush puppies.  I ate every last bite far beyond the point of being full just so everyone could see what they missed.  "Is that catfish?"  "Yep (with full mouth)."  "Is it good?"  "(Swallow) Yes."  "Where did you get it?"  "(Takes another bite) At a truck that was not at the entrance so you didn't see it."

Thanks Jamburritos.
Friendly, fast and huge portions
2 catfish burritos (one grilled, one fried) and 1 basket of cajun popcorn (crayfish tails).

OMG!!! Awesome. 

The two catfish burritos are surprisingly different. With the fried fish you can really taste the deep, complex flavors of the rice and beans. With the grilled fish, the blackened catfish flavor really steps up to the front. Either way, this is the best cajun food I've had--I'm no expert though--my taste buds were in love.
"Jamburritos Cajun Grill" has a nice little place at Food Truck Friday event in PHX. This is the place to be! Get there early or you WILL have to wait in line!  It was my first time at the event and I did have to stand around a bit, but it was so worth it.  
The grilled Catfish Jamburrito was my order of choice and I found it to be quite a work of art! There was sooo much food neatly wrapped up in the oversize tortilla (burrito) that I couldn't wait to dig in. The succulent catfish and a spicy rice mixture (Jambalaya) was quite the thing I needed, as it put a little "pep in my step!" 
I ate the entire first half of burrito, but had to slow down and use a fork when it was time to devour the second half. The burrito and myself were bursting at the seams at that point. I eat a lot of food but this thing was gigantic! I washed it down with an ice cold Fanta soda and for dessert, the lemon lollipop was a surprise, but also refreshing. 
I was quite impressed with the way the cashier was handling the crowd. During my small wait time, I enjoyed watching her work! The Chef was quite gracious and when he handed me the large food tray. His nice comments, and his reminder to pickup my forgotten soda, put a smile on my face. So I decided to write this review. Yep, 5-stars! I'll be back!
The boyfriend & I decided to grab a bite here after checking out the local shops off of Roosevelt Row. We split a Jamburitto and I must say that it was *awesome*. The rice had great flavoring and the chicken was tender- but most of all the side of hot sauce was DAMN tasty, can't say I've had anything like it! 
And they sell xtra long neck (ie. mexican style) Coca Cola sodas :o 
Hellsyea I'm coming back!
Y'all don't know good eatin' 'til you stopped at Jamburritos!  My tastebuds died, went to heaven.  

I'm a southerner.  I DO NOT, I DO NOT, order fried catfish in restaurants outside of certain states in the south.  It just doesn't happen.  Something about folks in other states putting beer batter or breadcrumbs or  flour based breading on it that runs me outta the restaurant.  But I figured, this Mex-Cajun fusion way would  be something to try.  I ordered a fried catfish jamburrito... that's fried catfish, with jambalaya (2 staples in my kitchen) and all the other fixin's of a burrito.  I got the fire hot sauce on the side and I also ordered up the hush puppies.  They had Faygo pops (yep, I said "Pops", that's cause I'm from the South.  If you're from other southern regions, you might call it a "cold drink".) That took me back years to my childhood and I ordered up the orange Faygo.  Whoop Whoop!  

So, what does this southerner say?  They killed it.  The hush puppies were absolutely delicious.  A bit on the small side in comparison to what I'm accustomed to having back home.  But exactly the taste you want in a hush puppy!  WOW.  I'm bringing my mom to the truck, I bet she hasn't cooked hush puppies since I was a kid.  

The Jamburrito was something out of this world.  The taste of the jambalaya in every bite of the catfish was an amazing mixture of spiciness with the delicious cajun flavor of the rice.  And don't forget that there's also beans and all the fixins of a burrito.  The lettuce and fresh veggies help to cool the zing of the spice from the hot sauce.  if you don't like spicy, don't get the hot sauce on yours. 

Here's a pic of my plate: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jamburritos-cajun-grille-express-phoenix?select=xh1Ac9X35EPQywGj9QZbnA#7gSc9b6Jr19CHMRtb40tmA

What a creative fusion of the Mexican burrito and cajun food.  I was so satisfied and  thrilled with the tastes and flavors.  

I have to go back and try their friend crawfish and perhaps some other things that will take me down the Mississippi river of memories... Bravo Jamburritos!  Bravo.
Went to the Phoenix Public Market this Wednesday evening to see what it was all about.  I thought the event was a little weak overall but a "Chicken Jamburrito" from this place was killer diller!  It was BIG, & filled with Chicken Etouffee, Jamabala Rice, Smoked Andouille Sausage, Creole Sauce, Jack Cheese and lettuce, wrapped in a flour tortilla.

This tasty, unusual treat is a meal in itself & goes for $7.     :-)
Wow. This has got to be the best food truck experience I've had in Phoenix. As we walked through food truck Friday during First Fridays, we scoped out our options. We checked with Yelp and found this was highly rated. Best decision ever. Thank goodness Yelp warned us that each burrito was enormous because we almost each got our own. We decided to go with the fried catfish and jambalaya burrito and it was soooooo amazing. No lie, they were generous with the catfish and the jambalaya had some awesome sausage too. It came with a side of this amazing creole sauce and I needed more, it was so good. The staff was super friendly and asked for our feedback (which of course we told them it was delicious)!! I was definitely in pain due to fullness even though I shared it with Eric, but I just could not stop eating it! Can't wait to try other items on the menu but it'll be hard not getting the catfish burrito again!  The burrito was $8 but it was well worth it!
Oh yum. I was driving around with my little guy asleep in the car, new to Downtown Phoenix and hungry. The friendly food truck person waved with a sign as I passed and I quickly made a loop around to see what they had to eat. 
Purchased a catfish burrito and the only thing that bothered me about it was that I wish I had 3 other people to share it with because it was huge. I got through half of it and was beyond finished. 
Delicious stuff and friendly people. Good street marketing.
I get the fried oysters every Saturday morning when they are at the Farmer's Market in Downtown Phoenix. I'm addicted to them, they are big, juicy and to die for!
Jamburritos is by and far my favorite food truck. The chicken jamburrito is amazing, their hush puppies are perfectly spiced, and their homemade lemonade is tart and refreshing. The guys running the truck are unfailingly nice, which makes the experience even better. It's absolutely worth your time to visit them at the biweekly Phoenix Public Markets or wherever else they might be that day.
I went here a couple weeks back after heading over to the Food Truck Fridays, I had a catfish poboy sandwich and got a catfish plate for my coworker...it was great, crispy, fresh fish, excellent seasonings, just really hit the spot. Went over today after my coworker bugged me the entire week and simply got catfish filets for the both of us and a side of texas toast.

I don't know if it was bad fish, bad cooking or a combination of both but I ended up throwing my food away, the fish seemed undercooked, but greasy at the same time and the toast was extremely greasy. I even tried to eat it by dousing it in hot sauce and that couldn't save it either. I received 4 pieces of fish (instead of 2 filets as expected) and my coworker received 3 pieces instead of 4..all for the same price. My coworker even complained about her food, kind of turned off by this experience so I won't be back. There's another place over there with catfish I guess the next time I'm in the mood I'll give them a try.
Love this food truck.  Had some burritos the morning (well ok it was almost afternoon) after a long night out with friends and it totally hit the spot.  The service was great and I even got to sample a hush puppy.  The quality of food was not what was expected from a food truck it easily could have been served in a four star restaurant.  The Cajun sauce was amazing and really brought the whole burrito together with a flavor explosion.
The BEST Red Beans And Rice With Andouille Sausage I've ever had!  So delicious. .. check them out!
They were sitting front and center at the Street Eats festival in Scottsdale, so I decided to give them a try.  Well, if you want the mall food court equivalent of food truck food, this is the truck for you.  The tastes were decent and they had a good selection, but the preparations were not the freshest and the prices were steep.  The grilled catfish was falling apart from sitting around in juice too long, the fried catfish was dry from sitting in a warming pot and the hush puppies were like jawbreakers.  I'm guessing this one would be better to try outside of an event like this...if this truck pulled up in front of my office, I might give them another shot.
We visited the Scottsdale Food Truck Festival this weekend 4 days after arriving back from our "home" city of New Orleans. We saw, or better yet, smelled this truck right away making us miss the spices we love so much. Ran right over and ordered the Mardis Gras combo platter with chicken Jambalaya, red beans and rice, fried catfish and hush puppies. We had to wait a few minutes for a fresh batch of fish which resulted in us getting an amazingly tender and moist fillet that tasted as fresh as you can get in AZ. The spices in the Jambalaya were in point, variety of hot sauces readily available and the service was very friendly. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
Super authentic red beans and rice with andouille sausage. It made me feel like I was walking the streets of New Orleans. Super delicious, highly recommended.
Visited this place as part of the Food Truck Friday experience at the Phoenix market.

I got the house special: Fried Catfish PoBoy with the Creole Cabbage/Cole Slaw with hush puppies. It was fried goodness and definitely filling. I didn't eat all of the bread, but I ate all of the fish and pups. This plate is served with two sauces that really pulled everything together.

I wish I would have found this place sooner. So good. Just note be prepared to wait because they are making it to order so your food is fresh with you in mind.
I  went to food truck Friday and was faced with a number of options and ended up choosing Jumburrito based solely on their deep fried oyster poh boy.   The wait seemed to be on the long side so I asked how long and was told 7 to 11 minutes which proved to be about right.

For the price tag of 12 bucks I thought the serving size was small especially for the truck repping  Nola food.

The sandwich came on a grilled hot dog bun to give you all an idea of the size of the sandwich.

Grilled hot dog bun with plenty of butter, delicious fried oysters topped with cole slaw.

The sandwich was delicious and I was satisfied but would've liked to see the traditional toppings such add lettuce and tomatoes.  Other than the size and the price I enjoyed the sandwich.
Chef Michael and Gregg catered a delicious small menu of  food for a very special fundraising event on Apr 13, 2014 at the Stand-up Scottsdale Comedy Club. Feedback on the Chicken Etoufee and Hush Puppies was wonderful and everyone went home with full tummies. Food was delivered on time and the team came back to clean up just as promised. Will definitely recommend Jamburritos again! And I'm sure so will our other 100+ guests! Thanks, Chef Michael and Gregg.
Jamburritos was kind enough to come to our apartment complex and serve our residents. 
 As a vegetarian I was thrilled to try their veggie bowl and I was Not disappointed! I could smell the truck before I saw it- it was making my mouth water! 
The bowl was $8 and when I picked it up I thought it was a little small but when I started eating it I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of food. :)
 They even gave me a little spicy sauce on the side and I poured it all over my bowl. Perfectly spicy, but not too hot as to overpower the flavor of the cabbage, beans and rice. 
I am so glad I tried it! Wish id gotten the hush puppies for $2 more! Hopefully they come back and ill have a second chance! 
Yay!
Went here over lunch with a group from work and I don't think any of us were very impressed.  Unless you're looking for ordinary chicken strips and fries, go elsewhere.  The sauces for the chicken were just Newman's Own packets.  They even added a somewhat stale piece of store bought French bread to the order, I guess to reiterate that there was some sort of Parisian influence.

Other normal restaurant things I missed here: water tap so I can just get a cup of water, bottle of ketchup so everyone at the table didn't have to ask for handfuls of packets.
This place is great. Mom and pop owned with exceptional service. The chicken is not greasy and isn't over breaded like most places. The coffee and bennies were great. My all time favorite is their garlic fries. If you eat nothing else, it's well worth the trip. Delicious. 

The little sauce packets were kind of annoying though. They should think about putting the sauce in little cups so you can dip your chicken.
Really good, fried dough! Haven't had the chicken yet, but I plan to. Drive thru a little slow though, I think they just need a little more business. So, check it out!
I love new fast food concepts and when I saw an ad for this place I was so eager to try this place out that the BF and I went the same day...
It is right across Green Valley High School and is a cute little spot.
The inside is small but not tiny and very clean and neat - A star for cleanliness!!!!
It isn't as cheap as I thought it would be but we were there and if I really like a place I would pay extra.
They sell chicken strips,fries,drinks, coffee and Beignets.
Ahh Beignets- the Beignets were the real draw to me here- Beignets  are french doughnuts- sounds yummy huh?
Well I am not the authority on beignets by any means but I thought they were just chewy plain dough fried so that they end up like pockets filled with air  with no taste other than the powdered sugar heavily sprinkled on top of them.
I was honestly not really liking them...I guess I expected more.
The Chicken strips looked hellah good, we could see all the seasonings on the crispy coating....
After taking our first bites I was let down again-No taste!!!
I do think they should make their own dipping sauces because after  being offered  a few Paul Newman dressings I was turned off....
The fries sound great on the menu but you end up with skinny fries that you could buy at Cosco's that have hardly any garlic seasonings sprinkled on top at all....
Ay, I hope they change some things and maybe I'll be back...
Also, since their thing are Beignets they should sell them like in 3's,6's,dozens and price accordingly because the price for how they are selling them now makes it too pricey to buy alot....
I've been here twice.  The first time I wasn't really impressed--the chicken was dry and overcooked.  The second time around, however, the chicken was pretty juicy and well-seasoned.  Their cole-slaw is tasty, and the jalapeno ranch dipping sauce was good--creamy and not too spicy!

The place was simple in decor, and the service was friendly and quick.  The only other cons I can think about are the lack of the fountain drinks, and the fact that I was expecting a lot more from their beignets; they only have bottled drinks, and their beignets were thinly sliced fried pieces of dough that, in my opinion, seemed kind of dry and tough.

Other than that--I'd give it a go if I'm ever in the neighborhood again!
Every country has it's version of fried dough dusted with powder sugar and I am always willing to have a piece or five. At Chick & Benny's, I was fine with just one. The beignets were nothing spectacular. They were too thin, and instead of being airy, it was just a pocket of air.  Even though you do not want a dense cake like batter, it should have a bite to it.

The chicken tenders were generously large,  piping hot, and crispy beyond belief, but lacked flavor and on the dry side. C&B definitely knows how to fry, because the rest of our orders had a distinctive crunch to it. The onion rings were a golden brown on the outside, but lacked a distinct flavor. The best part of the meal were the fries. They possess a bold flavor with the fresh ground pepper, salt, and parsley. Too bad you cannot make a meal out of fries alone.
I was in the area while quilt shop hopping in Las Vegas, and it came to be lunch time. Since I am not from the area, I looked at What's Hot On Yelp to find Chick & Benny's offered nearby. 

I approached the woman taking orders and asked her what she recommended: Chicken Tenders, G-Fries and Beignets. My tummy and taste buds were pleased with her recommendations. 

Pros: The menu is simple but in a very good way...chicken tenders don't need to be complicated. Be sure and read the history of the restaurant on the wall....it's an interesting story. The food is just downright delicious. 

Cons: The food is made to order, so it does take a few minutes to receive and too hot to eat right away. Parking can be a challenge, as the restaurant shares a lot with several other businesses in the complex. The dining area is small and fills up quick.
The Skinny: with the two signature items being only so-so, this joint is a no-go (2.5), service: counter service was efficient however the lack of accessibility of items such as ketchup at a fast food joint was annoying(2.5) value: certainly the food is better quality than other generic fast food joints however that doesn't mean that it's worth the trip (2.5).

I really wanted to love this place - fried chicken and beignets... what's there not to love?

Oh dear...

We ordered a plate of chicken tenders with fries, a chicken sandwich and a beignets - making sure to test all their signature items. Counter service was quick (we were the only customers at 1:30 pm on a weekday afternoon - food took less than 15 minutes) and the food arrived to the table piping hot. Portion sizes for most things were very reasonable given the price.

The fried chicken tenders were singularily disappointing. ($6.50) Uneven battering and cutting of the chicken rendered some parts moist while other parts very dry (check the pics). Overall, the meat was cut too thick which definitely overwhelmed what little batter there was. The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.

The chicken in the chicken sandwich fared better because the cut of the meat was a little thinner ($3.50). However, enveloped in a rather generic large bun (which wasn't a brioche bun as advertised - it's more of a sweet roll) with no sauces or accompaniments (ie, lettuce, tomato, mayo), it was like biting into the Sahara. We ended up disposing of the bun altogether which made for a much better tasting experience.

Sauces were a major issue. We were served these two chicken items plus a large serving of fries with 2 small packets of ketchup, 2 small packets of bbq sauce (some sorta generic stuff) and 1 large packet of Newman's Own Honey Mustard sauce. You had to ask the lady behind the counter for any additional ketchup which was very annoying (she gave me only 2 more small packets of ketchup... I regularly uses at least six of those bad boys for a small serving of fries). 

Beignets are supposed to be lovely and crisp on the inside while light and airy on the inside. The bennies here are like a deep fried large pocket of air (almost like a pita pocket) with little to no crispness. 

Despite all these issues, their standout item is definitely their g-fries. Their fries were perfectly golden and crisp on the outside with the right amount of softness on the inside. The flavouring of the garlic, parsley, salt and pepper was fantastic. If only their chicken and bennys were this good...

Overall, given the food, the hard to find location and the price point, there really isn't much to come back here for especially since there are other places that does it better.
This is one of the simplest good places to eat.  The menu has homemade and freshmade chicken strips, delicious fries, onion rings, beignets, and a new item I saw today, frozen cheese cake on an edible stick.  The chicken strips reminded me of something my grandmother would make.  They are fresh and hot and very tasty.  The fries that come with the meal are garlic herb and amazing.  For 6.50 you can get a meal of 3 huge strips, a load of fries, a roll, and a bottle of soda.  

All items can be ordered ala carte. The staff and owners are friendly, great you, and treat you like family. I would highly recommend this restaurant!
I am not "Chicken" to tell you that this place is a no-go for me. We were very excited to see a new place go in close to home and wanted to check it out. Hear is the dirt from my point of view

Pros: the restaurant was clean and inviting. The cooks were friendly and checked in on us. The food was ok. The fries were the best part of the meal...SERIOUSLY! The price was definatley right though - two meals and beignets for under 15 dollars!

Cons: The chicken was dry and oily and the beignets were greasy and tasteless. Also, no fountain soda...only a small handful of drinks in the drink fridge so no refills and not much selection. Also, they were out of all the dipping sauces except one.....soooooo they gave us one for two whole meals. When we asked for more they only gave us one more little one again like it was liquid gold. We definatley needed more sauce because the chicken was dry.

I know these guys just opened so will probably try them again in a few months and see if they get any better, but for now C&B will only mean cheap and bland. I had really hoped they would have been better :(
My husband brought home chicken tenders, G-fries, and beignets for dinner last week.  I had been wanting to try this place ever since it opened right around the corner from my house and I am so glad I finally did!  The G-fries are out of this freakin world! they were so good I brought some to my mom and she raved about them as well.  The chicken is perfectly breaded, tender and juicy and the onion rings were top tier too!  I will definitely be eating at this little gem in Green Valley again!
Price is a big time value. I think the best chicken tenders I've ever had simply because they seem to marinade the chicken lightly and the breading is in moderation. Too many times you get tenders and the chicken is overwhelmed by the breading and even a supposedly decent place like Canes is bland. These guys do chicken tenders right. G-fries were delicious as were the onion rings, again perfect batter to onion ratio.
I love chicken fingers more than I love some members of my family. So when Living Social had a coupon for a place that had chicken fingers and beignets I was elated. I dragged the boyfriend across town to try this place out. It's in a strip mall and is a very small place. Never one to be detoured by decor or location I ventured in and got their namesakes (some chicken fingers and beignets). The chicken was disappointing. Not as much batter as I prefer and seasoned pretty heavily with pepper and spices. The best part of the chicken fingers was the dipping sauce I chose, jalapeno ranch, but it added a kick that I was already getting from the batter seasoning. The fries were delicious, but it's pretty hard not to make great fries. Now on to the beignets. They were still a bit oily so I wish they were dried off a bit longer before adding the powdered sugar. Again I was unimpressed, but the boyfriend LOVED them. He even ordered more to take with him. The one thing that was consistently good about the food was that it all came out hot. Something I really appreciate after eating lukewarm dorm food for too many years. Hot doesn't overcome food that really just isn't that tasty. If they changed their batter I would be back in a flash. I recommend trying it out if you're looking for a different kind of chicken finger (not at all like Raisin Canes, Popeyes, etc..) or if you are in the area and looking for something sweet to eat.
This place has gotten better since it opened a few months ago.  They added chicken & waffles to the menu and I think they're terrific  ($3.50 half, $4.50 full).  The chicken strips are big cuts of meat that don't have a thick layer of breading, just a light crispy dusting.  The onion rings seemed pretty standard, so I'm going to try the fries next time cuz I hear the garlic seasoning is where it's at.  :-D
The chicken strips and G fries were freshly made and were very good.  I look forward to going back for the 'chicken and waffles'.
Dropped by after one of my classes for work, since I was already on the East side.  The menu seems to be pretty basic (fried chicken strips, beignets and side items), which I think can be a good thing if they execute the few menu items well.

I decided to get the Nest, after checking out their menu.  A few short minutes later, I was handed a dozen chicken strips fried to crispy perfection with the large chicken strips still juicy inside. The side order of beer battered onion rings were huge and thoroughly a delight to eat. The coleslaw was just okay, in hindsight I should have ordered their garlic fries. Of the dipping sauces, I only tried the honey mustard and jalapeno ranch, and thought both were decent.  Except I wish there was more capsaicin kick in the Jalapeno Ranch.  Along with the two sides, the Nest is enough to feed 2-3 people, at a very reasonable per person cost.

I am rarely this far east past the I-15, but if I am in the area and have a craving for fried chicken I would drop in again. 

Food:  Overall, I enjoyed what I ordered and didn't experienced the dry fried chickens that some have mentioned.

Value:  Varies depending on what you order, but I thought the Nest was a good deal when split with 2-3 other people.

Ambiance:  Looks like a tiny franchise fast food place, but this is the only location.

Service:  Was okay.  I don't think there is much to taking an order and picking it up at the counter or having it brought to you in a ~12x15 dining area.

3 stars. A-OK!
I have gone to this place two days in a row for lunch and tomorrow I will probably make it three. I had the chicken and onion rings the first time and the chicken and waffles the second. It was only $7 with a drink in both cases. The chicken has a nice crunch and flavor on the outside and is moist and hot on the inside. Can't wait to try the beignets!
Probably closer to a 3.5.

The chicken tenders (read: fingers) are delicious.  They are fried to a golden perfection (you hear that saying thrown around a lot, but really, they are).  They're served with your choice of dipping sauce, but honestly, if you add salt, they're perfect on their own.

The garlic fries are very...well...garlic-y.  Almost overpoweringly so.  An hour later and I still taste the garlic in my mouth.  Depends on your preference, I guess.  There should be an option whether to garlic or not.

I tried the beignets...they're essentially deep-fried squares of flour topped with powdered sugar.  For some reason, I imagined they would be slightly crunchy/crispy, but I was wrong.  It was soft and hollow.  I'm not sure if this has to do with the fact that the bag was dripping with yellow oil and had soaked through the pastry...at any rate, they were underwhelming.

Chicken is the best part, but like I said, if it had more salt/seasoning on the outside, it would be perfect on its own.
It was ok, but I would not go back again. The chicken was good, but I have had better. The beignets left much to be desired. The fries and onion rings were tasty though. The food is served in styrofoam to-go containers even if you eat there. There are no fountain drinks....just a cooler to buy bottled drinks, so no refills here. 

The prices were good, except for the beignets....this were overpriced. Service was good and friendly. My other annoyance was that they offered no high chairs even though they offer "family specials" on their menu.
I so want this place to succeed... What an amazing story these twin brothers have!  I am not much for fried dough but am a sucker for some fried chicken! 
The G-fries were quite crisp and tasty.  These two really need to vent their styrofoam containers lest the crispy fried deliciousness sogs up on the way home...  the food is so piping hot it steams the crisp right out of the food.
The chicken tenders were tasty, not dry per se, but tough and a little stringy.  I would have liked some actual jalapeño flavor in the ranch dipping sauce.
I will go back, just to try the chicken and waffles... I hope it won't end up being the last time!
I've driven past here a dozen times and today was finally "one of these days" I'll try this place out. I wanted to go somewhere not quite breakfast and not quite dinner and I wagered that Chick & Benny's fit the bill. 

I had the chicken and waffles, and it was delicious. The chicken was moist strips of seasoned chicken breast; normally, I'm not a white meat fan, but C&B really nailed the execution and the chicken was not dried out. The waffle was vanilla malt batter, what I've always though a waffle ought to be. It was crisp on the outside and melted in your mouth. All of this for less than seven bucks.

I will say their drink selection is limited, and bottled oj didn't really do it for me. An addition of fresh-squeezed juice would not be a bad idea.
Maybe the oil is too hot which makes the outside crust slightly burnt on the chicken. The waffles are edible at best. And, the price for the amount for avg food just makes no sense.  I like to support local options but this place just isn't much of one. Better off going to Chilli Palmer's or going to neighborhood wal-mart for their chicken and some egos. They try hard and they have a discount for after school.
Not that great.

It's basically dry chicken, fries, and generic (and overpriced) beignets.  None of it is very good.  I like mom and pop places and love to give my support, but I just can't stand behind this one.  

Probably the most annoying thing is something several people have mentioned... the ketchup situation.  My gosh, you would think you would just have them sitting out so people can use what they need.  I mean, I get that it's bad when people waste them.  However, it's better than making someone walk up to the counter to get one packet at a time.  I bet I had to get up 5 or 6 times because I'm a ketchup kind of girl.  It definitely put a damper on my meal, which was really subpar to begin with.
Yummy - My 2 year old even ate the coleslaw.  Since it is fresh cooked, food takes a while to cool down.  We will be returning.  Reasonably priced.  No high chairs visible, but I didn't ask.  Great for a fried food fix.
I don't typically order chicken tenders but Chick  & Benny's has one of the best chicken tenders I've tasted.

Their tenders are coated with a panko bread crumb crust and was cooked perfect. most tenders I've tried from restaurants are the frozen type but seems like Benny's hand makes theirs. Its nice and moist and not too greasy. 

If your the chicken tender type try Chick & Benny's I assure you they wont disappoint.
I scored a Groupon Now offer and ordered the one dozen tenders family meal. Here is the breakdown:

+ Really good honey mustard sauce. Not as powerful as most honey mustard sauces that you've probably tried, and that makes the difference.
+ The hicken tenders are pretty big and juicy.
+ In addition to in-store ordering, they have online (take-out or delivery) and drive-thru options available

~ Garlic fries, or "g-fries" as they call it, didn't seem garlicky at first, but maybe that's because the seasoning wasn't mixed in evenly. But the texture was lacking from the start. It didn't have that definite crunchy shell and soft center that you would want from fries, even if it's shoestring.

- I really didn't like the onion rings here. Not crunchy enough.
- BBQ sauce was pretty mediocre. Nothing especially sweet or tangy, and doesn't seem to complement the chicken tenders.

Honestly, I only tried this place because of the Groupon deal. Chicken Shack, another nearby, local place, pretty much outdoes this place in chicken and in fries, and there's a lot more sauces to choose from. To be fair, I didn't try the beignets that are the namesake for "Benny's," but that doesn't excuse what I ordered from being just "a-ok" at best.
Best chicken and waffles deal anywhere! 

Let's start with the chicken. Hand breaded, tender, juicy chicken breast with just the right amount of crispiness and seasonings!

Waffles are light and complement the chicken nicely. Goes great with a hot cup of coffee or raspberry iced tea.

Next the fries. Light crisp skinny fries, with a phenomenal parmesan herb seasoning sprinkled on top.

Onion rings. Thick cut onions with a thicker badder. Fried to perfection.

Beignets. Denser than I would like, but fried fresh to order. Loaded with powdered sugar. 


This place is a MUST try!!!
I had a groupon so I went for it.  This place is cute and very small (as in like eight 2 tops) and a very brief menu.  I went for the basket of strips and the full order of chicken and waffles.  

The chicken strips are juicy and well seasoned.  The waffle was, for me, very pliable.  It had some stretch to it.  I'm used to the chicken and waffle being thinner waffles like Roscoe style, so this surprised me.  The fries in the basket were well seasoned too.

I give it 2 stars because, as a chicken & waffles place, I compared it to Roscoe's.  That, and pliable waffles for me were a turn off.  

Would I drive from west summerlin here again for chicken?  No.  But it was a nice try.
I had the chicken and waffles. It seemed the oil used for chicken was not fresh not the greatest. Not a lot of flavor and sort of dry. Waffle was dry and too thick. I tried my friend's beignet , it was just okay. It was not terrible but I won't be returning.
We did not stay long enough to taste the food. This restaurant is NOT kid friendly.  The do not have high chairs or booster seats.  Way to ensure you alienate yourself from half of your potential customers.  You would think that a restaurant would do whatever they could to ensure all customers could eat there. Especially since this experience took place at 10:30 am on what is usually considered a busy eating-breakfast-out day and there was not a soul in the restaurant.
I had a groupon for this place so I went there around 9 AM to check it out. I really wanted to like the place since I live close by and absolutely love chicken tenders.

I went ahead and placed my order just fine, but once I showed her my groupon things went downhill quick. The guy in the back started saying something along the lines of "oh great our first groupon of the day" in a sarcastic tone like my friend and I were just wasting their time. He appeared to be one of the owners. So that made me feel pretty awesome. The lady then started writing down the numbers of the groupon and handed me back my phone. I was putting it into my pocket when she became very direct and in my opinion rude, accusing me of not hitting the redeemed button. I told her that I had hit redeemed and she then gave me the death stare and asked me to place my phone down on the counter. To say the least it was an extremely awkward situation. I was tempted just to leave but for some reason I truly thought the food would make up for the service.

The food was ok. Chicken tenders were very juicy but to me they lacked any kind of real kick in flavor or crunch from the breading. The G-fries were pretty good though all the way around. Beignets were ok as well. I guess if you've never had the real thing then you would probably like them quite a bit. 

To be honest the service was horrible. I still can't believe how the owner who probably placed the ad would say something like that whether or not he thought I could hear him. As for the lady who actually took my order, I have no idea if it was just an off day or if she truly believes it's ok to talk to people and treat them like that. Maybe she's not a morning person but if that's the case they either should keep her off the morning schedule or just open later.

Save yourself money and time and avoid this place. I'm being serious... run far far away.
The Groupon got us in the door. We used the owner's advice on what to order, and were'nt disappointed. The cole slaw was super fresh. The chicken was fresh,  flavorful with a nicely unique taste.  They also have a drive-thru if you're in a rush. We'll be back.
I was highly disappointed.  I've recently moved back to Vegas from the panhandle of FL and have actually had southern fried chicken and beignets from the official Cafe Du Monde in the French Quarter of Louisiana.  This place was not authentic.  The chicken was bland although to it's credit it was quite juicy.  Also the beignets were like sopapillas instead of the deep fried goodness I'm used to.  At least the iced tea I had was tasty.  Price was good but still not worth me coming back.
Perhaps 4 stars is a bit generous, but I stand by it and here's why.

They do it a little different here, and that alone makes them worth a trip. If you're on a strict diet you definitely shouldn't come here. Everything is fried or made with thick batter. My girlfriend and I had just gotten out of the gym and decided it was a justified extravagance. 

I love the chicken tenders here. They are far from over cooked and retain quite a bit of juiciness. If you're planning on getting some tenders from a carls jr or something, I would encourage you to try this place out instead. Everything just ends up tasting fresher. We also had their garlic fries and onion rings. The fries were lightly seasoned and the garlic didn't overpower any of the other flavors. This can be a good thing or bad, depending on how you look at it. I certainly enjoyed them. THe onion rings are also great here. Large slices with lots of thick, fattening batter. Yum.

I absolutely loved the SAUCE here-- key in giving them 4 stars. Their honey mustard is fantastic-- much better than your usual corporate fast food fare. Sweet and spicy.
The barbecue sauce is good, better than you would get at most restaurants. I wouldn't be surprised if they make it themselves. Their jalapeno cream was a real standout. Very unique option for a dipping sauce. It was not an overbearing amount of spiciness (which I would have preferred) so it was easily enjoyable by my girlfriend. We didn't even bother using ketchup for the fries or onion rings because the sauces were just so good for everything.

Look, this place doesn't pretend to be a high profile luxury dining spot. Comparing them to Roscoe's chicken and waffles is a tough sell because these guys are fast food, although I can see how one might be disappointed given that comparison. If you understand what you are getting and give them a chance, they will certainly live up to your expectations. So the next time you need something quick and fried, why not skip the huge corporate crap and give the little guys a try? You'll be glad you did.
I had been wanting to try this place since it was built.  We finally went and I was dissappointed to say the least. 
We got a full order of chicken and waffels and a nest.  When we got the chicken it was black around the edges and not very flavorful.  It was like they had not changed the oil in a long time.  The waffel was decent. The fries were really good.  Customer sevice was okay.  I will not be going back there.
"BEST FRIED CHICKEN STRIPS I HAVE EVER, EVER, HAD IN 55YRS OF EATING FRIED FOOD NATIONWIDE & IN 45 COUNTRIES!" 
Chef said these are fresh, not frozen whole chicken breast, cut up & marinated. 

Looked like 1/2 to 3/4 of a big chicken breast, lightly breaded, like Claim Jumper Restaurant use to do, their's was a Panko Bread Crumbs, until they got the crappy corn meal batter, after being bought by Landry's. 

IF YOU LOVED THE ORIGINAL CLAIMJUMPERS CHICKEN STRIPS, & I ATE THERE 100'S OF TIMES.  YOU WILL WANT TO RUN & CK OUT THESE DYNOMITE CHICKEN PIECES! Excellent spicy FREE sauces too!

Better than Cane's too! The batter is lighter than Cane's, & these are juicier & fresher tasting too!

SOUTHERN NEVADA'S ONLY~FRESH HOT DOUGHNUT BIEGNET'S TOO!!

I had the ONION RINGS, & they were excellent. You can't get those at Cane's. The Jalapeno Ranch dressing was far superior to so called special~Cane's mayo based stuff, & it's free too, unlike Cane's!  Come on Cane's~ Charging for a sauce is a Ripoff!

I got this restaurant on the Groupon, not expecting much for a probable fast food place. Boy was I wrong! I took my French Canadian girl friend & she really loved it. She said, & the chef confirmed it, this is the only place in Southern Nevada making FRESH BEIGNETS~ French doughnuts made fresh to your order! 

Never having eaten one of these, I best describe them as a rectangle pita bread shaped, chewy, powdered sugar doughnut. For a chewy hot taste treat, it was quite good. A unique longer lasting donut. Not a boom & it is gone regular light & airy donut. In my opinion the French had the right idea, sort of a desert gum, you get to enjoy it a little longer. My girl friend said these are a French popular treat. She said these were quite good. 

Prices, dirt cheap!!  Short on cash & you have kids who like great chicken tenders, this is the place for you. I went on Saturday around 4PM & there were a big group of high school kids sucking these down and a bunch taking them to go. They have TAKE OUT & I will be buying these over CANE'S, which are not as good or as dirt cheap a price! 

Having grown up on Southern fried food's, I love this stuff! I am going to see if I can get them to do fried Zucchini, which I absolutely loved at Claim Jumpers, until they brought in that AWFUL Landry's corn meal batter, it's like cement in the mouth! 

They had a nice flat screen LCD with a game on too! 

I highly recommend it for a Great mouth watering Fast Food Take-Out, over Cane's too!  

Better Prices!

Best Deal in Town! I will be coming back many, many times!

'TO ALL MY OAKLAND RAIDER BUDDY'S & MILITARY FRIEND'S, YOU HAVE GOT TO TRY THIS PLACE OUT!"  "GO RAIDER'S!

'GO THERE~ IT'S CAJUN & FRENCH CREOLE FAST FOOD AT IT'S BEST!
Yes...I went to redeem my Groupon coupon and I am on the fence whether I would return.  The chicken tenders are thick and juicy and I liked the honey mustard sauce.  G fries and beignets were okay.  However, the service and setup of restaurant needs a little work.  Why do you have to ask for plastic utensils?  The drink selection is limited and the side cooler is oddly placed.  I would actually have side cooler where soda is and move to a fountain soda setup.  The bathrooms and hallway are large compared to the relatively small dining area.  The tables are very lightweight and what is with the ugly metal trim around the walls?  Lastly, I am not a fan of the strip mall  with large auto repair shop and parking lot this place sits within.   So, it was okay but not I am not going out of my way to go again
There's a Creole saying that goes "He-goat makes the gombo; but Rabbit cats it."  I have no idea what it means.  It's confusing.  Almost as confusing as the chef's seasoning choices at Chick & Benny's.

Their shoestring fries?  Brilliantly seasoned with Cajun flavor.  They are seriously good.  So good that I licked my fingers to get all the seasoning off.  Rather than just salting up the shoestrings, Chick & Benny's tosses them in a heavy Cajun seasoning that evokes the best flavors from New Orleans kitchens.

So, why three stars?

Here's the problem: It's a chicken joint and I am touting their fries.  Because, for some reason, the kitchen put no seasoning on the chicken fingers.  The chicken strips weren't all bad.  The chicken they used was quality and juicy (although a little tough).  The breading was crispy and crunchy like a good chicken finger should be.  But the flavor was lacking.  No seasoning on the chicken.  I wanted to rub the fries all over the chicken and hope the Cajun flavor would transfer.  Instead, I just drowned the chicken fingers in honey mustard.

The beignets?  Quality, classic powdered sugar pastries--lightly fried and delicate.  I'm a fan.

I want to like this place.  It's small and brightly-colored.  The staff was friendly and very welcoming.  Add in brilliant fries and quality beignets and the place earns 3 stars.  I just need the chicken to step up its game.
Small menu but it packs a yummy punch! The chicken is outstanding, huge portion and chicken is super juicy!  I wish they offered some sort of veggie just for the option of a balanced meal but I suppose if you go for Chicken & Waffles, you don't usually think of having your daily veg with it. Yummy and worth a try!
My boyfriend and I live right down the street and have been meaning to try this place out, and I regret not trying it sooner! I got the "benny", three beignets and a coffee, and my boyfriend got the chicken and waffles. My beignets were delicious, fresh and lightly dusted with powdered sugar. The chicken tenders were juicy, hand-breaded and made to order, and the waffles had a nice vanilla flavor. The service was great too, they were very attentive to our needs. Try this place out, you will not be disappointed! :)
The breaded chicken was good, The wrapped hot dog, and so were the fries.  The person behind the counter that day, not so good.  I mean, if you are going to do business with Groupon and showcase your business with one of those popular 50% off for food coupons, at least put on a happy face and an "I want you to return for repeat business" attitude when you see happy me walk through the door with my printed out Groupon!  Also, walk to the back when you decide to say "Another Groupon, again!" Like it was some kind of social injustice that you willingly decided to promote your business with Groupon.  I've used Groupons with other businesses and they are more than happy and welcoming. So, I won't go back, unless another Groupon comes out....LOL
I was once again driving around for lunch this time I had no idea what I wanted to eat. I was zig zagging all over GV and Henderson getting farther and farther from work. If I passed Sunset Station I was going to turn around and suffer not eating lunch. Luckily C&B was there.

For lunch they have a 2 chicken tenders, a side and drink for $5.50. I got some delicious meaty and juicy chicken tenders and garlic fries right out of the fryer. C&B made them quickly enough that I had time for dessert. Instead of going across the parking lot and hoping 808 Island Craves had some malasadas for me I went with what was here 3 beignets which only took seconds to fry and as fast to devour. 

If you do come to this plaza there's aren't a lot of parking.  There is even a battle for parking spots with all of the business there, a heated battle.  Be prepared to hear the owners mention this to you. There is a drive thru so you also don't have to hassle with parking.
Bought a groupon from here and was excited to use it. Got there about 6:30 and they were our of smoothies and the little puff pastry things they pretty much advertise for and are supposed to include with you order. Felt like I got kind of cheated out of my meal after driving all the way over there and I wasn't about to leave and come back another day. They at least should of had some type of rain check or substitute for maybe a waffle or something. Just kind of disappointed me because I was looking forward to trying this place and getting the whole experience. Over all the food was pretty good might return but they definelty have to do something about this "running out of stuff" situation.
Whoa. Not what I was expecting AT ALL. The tenders were okay but way too salty for my liking.  I think the waffle would have been okay but we had it delivered so it was mad soggy by the time I ate it. 

The garlic fries were delicious even if they were soggy.

They didn't have the pasta salad that we wanted so they offered to change it up and gave me the choice of greens or slaw. I chose the greens and asked if it was the same price, he said "yes" but I checked the menu anyway and all the salads were the same price. When I opened the bag I was astonished at the size of the salad... And not the good type of astonished. You're better off buying a side salad from JoBos.

Also, the beignets were completely off. They were deflated squares full of air and really tough for beignets that were only an hour old. I really expected more since they're in the name of the establishment.

I had high hopes for this place but I'm disappointed with my experience to say the least. But like I say, I'm willing to try anything twice. Maybe next time I'll actually eat there.
Went to check this place out based on the purchase of a Living Social deal! That's how I usually scope out the next great place! Let me say...it was worth the drive! I drove clear across the Valley to get here and it was worth it! I would go regualrly if it were closer. But it was definitely worth the trip for the weekend. We started out with breakfast there and I had the beignets, since that is their specialty! I convinced the kids to try chicken and waffles for breakfast even though theu thought it sounded disgusting! LOL! They LOVED it! The waffles are EXCELLENT and the chicken was good. I've heard complaints about other C & W joints, but this one is yummy! The prices are very reasonable and even though the menu is quite limited we were satisfied. Coffee and warm beignets loaded with powdered sugar was a great way to start the day! I hope they open a location on the North end of town so I can enjoy them more often. The owners were quite friendly as well and they even brought the food to our table. There wasn't anyone else in the place at the time, so we appreciated the one on one attention! I'm telling every one to go check it out!
It's freshly made.  Legitimately freshly made.  You order, you pay, they make it, they serve you.  Again, freshly made. 

Clearly, I'm impressed by the fact that it's freshly made.  

I ordered the Chicky (I think, sorry, I was distracted by the smell of the seasoning) which is a plate of three chicken tenders, your choice of side (garlic fries ftw), and a canned soda.  So these chicken tenders, hi, awesome.  They're more like small chicken breasts breaded in pankow and fried to a dark golden brown, and super moist upon taking a bite.  I ordered the jalapeno ranch dipping sauce (it comes with the combo) and it was tasty, though I didn't use it very often because the chicken and the fries were so well seasoned.  The fries, by the way, are crispy and seasoned with garlic and some other herbs I can't identify, but nonetheless, very tasty.  

I indulged in some beignets, too.  Also, freshly made!  They were a little dense for my preference, but very tasty any way.  

So yeah, it's freshly made, and it's tasty, and it's convenient (they have a drive-thru).  Definitely a big improvement over chain stores, so if you have a chance, take a moment and check this place out. 

PS.  The lady that took my order was really pleasant and patient with me.
Decided to finally try this chicken place. First off, liked the clean setting almost sterile which is a far cry from most chicken joints. Ordered the "chick combo" for $7.75...3 tenders, garlic seasoned (garlic powder, NOT fresh garlic) and a can of soda (no ice available). Chicken tenders were light & crispy with a panko bread crumb like crust but a little too greasy yet well seasoned. Garlic fries were ok, would be better with real garlic. Jalapeño ranch was nice but portion was small. Hard to enjoy the meal without an ice cold drink since they have no soda fountain and the cooler full of soda cans and orange juice was not as cold as it should have been. The value is definitely not there with the nearby Chicken Shack offering better food for less money and free refills on fountain drinks. C&B charges $1.50 for a slightly cool can of soda, plus $1.00 per refill. It's clear this place struggles and passes along the costs to their customers. I wouldn't be surprised if they close their doors soon.
I would not come back again but wanted to scratch off this place on my quest for good chicken. Next!
Chicken fingers were similar to homemade, not bad, fries were decent. Beignet, as others have mentioned, a little chewy. When I asked for dipping sauces and ketchup they brought me a Paul Newman's honey-mustard (which is okay, but...why? Honey mustard is so simple to make) and one packet of ketchup. It felt like they were carefully rationing their sauces. I'd like to support a small local business, but the food is very average.
This place is outright nasty food. We went in at about 7 pm and showed the people the groupon and the owner was bragging to us how groupon came to him pleading and wanted his business in. Pretty sure it's the other way around. Cuz the food here is bland, burnt and soggy. We did not even just order a few items. I went with 4 people and we all ordered something different. The fries were soggy and dark brown with a garlic salt thrown on it. They were soo salty it felt like I was sucking on a salt lollipop the whole day. The chicken was anything but what I expected. Burnt Panko all over the chicken, and when we told the owner he said that's how it's suppose to be. The chicken had no flavor and wasn't seasoned. Waffles were limp as a noodle. I would Nvr return here not even if they were giving stuff for free. Reading the other reviews I think they have something against groupon users. If they don't like it they should stop posting it up. It's not like groupon is putting it up without their consent.
Four of us had to wait 1hr for food. The cook in the back was fighting with the cashier and the cashier was telling everyone she did not have enough chicken. Service was horrible. Two people for a place full of customer is not good. A few people walked out including us. I wish I could of tasted the food.
We came to the new location last night to avoid the long wait at the original location. It still smells like construction in here. I love the decor. 

We get seated and our server asks us what we would like to drink. I order a Blue Moon and she tells me they don't have their alcohol permit yet. WTF?!!

What we ordered:

2 Calamari
1 Fried Catfish Basket
2 lbs Shrimp Hot N Juicy medium
1 lb Shrimp Garlic Butter mild
1 Chicken Nuggets Basket
2 Chicken Wings Basket
1 Fried Shrimp
4 Bowls of Rice

The food was just as good as the original location. This is the first time I tried the Catfish and Calamari and they were both very good. 

My only other complaint is that the chicken wings for the kids took a long time and were brought out a few minutes apart. They should have just brought out the orders together, cause one kid had to watch the other kid eat. 

I will mos def come back to this location since there is no wait to be seated. Next time I will call first to make sure they have their alcohol permit.
This was the hot n juicy 2 which was off the strip in Vegas. We first went to the original one and saw the line was too long so we came to this one which I met up with some other people. I ordered 2lbs of the spicy garlic butter and calimari. My friend ordered the 4lbs of extra spicy lousiana style which he shared with his gf. The spicy garlic butter was amazing, it was not too spicy and not too garlicy flavored. The extra spicy was really spicy but still enjoyable. My friend mentioned that the garlic butter he had in the DC location had too much garlic that it was not too appetizing.

When I pointed out that the owner was there, we mentioned it to him and he was really cool about and appreciated our feed back. Hope the cooks in DC gets more training because I look forward in eating at that location.
Hot N Juicy Crawfish is the BEST!!! Love it, Crave it often!
I get 2 pounds of Crawfish ( house way-mild lots of lemons and s/p), rice, and a cold beer. I go every time I'm in Vegas.
Gloves are a must if I'm planning on playing Pai Gaw.
I told one of my coworkers about a new business that is having a grand opening today, and to meet us there after work.  I didn't know the exact address, so I told him to just search for the Hot N Juicy by name and go to the one closest to the Wynn.  He immediately thought I was trying to steer him to some other type of establishments hidden in plain sight throughout Las Vegas.

At Hot N Juicy, where the girls on average are pretty, the service is very friendly and attentive, Hot n Juicy Special is always on the menu, individual experiences can be customized from Mild to Extra Spicy, you can definitely treat your mouth to a messy but happy ending.  And today only, you can enjoy it with a 2-for-1 special*.

Come early and expect to wait at least 40 minutes, or take up the offer of a free limo shuttle service to Hot n Juicy (original location) where the food is the same, but without the wait and the services of the Hot N Juicy All-Star waitresses.  Again, the limo is presumably for the Grand Opening promotion only.

Spicy level is supposedly a little higher than other places, so customize accordingly.  1 pound of crawfish may sound like a lot, but it really is not, as most of the weight is contributed by the lobster-mini-me shells.  If crawfish is not your thing, shrimp, lobster, clams, and various crabs (Dungeness, Blue, Snow and King), and raw oysters can be ordered.

You can add the following sides to your above orders:
Corn, potato, sausage, Cajun fries, sweet potato fries, bowl of rice, rolls and even extra seasoning sauce.

Appetizers include Fried Shrimp, Fried Catfish, Soft Shell Crab, Calamari, Chicken Wings and Etouffee.

What I like about this place?  "It is bigger on the inside".  The waitresses remind me of Suicide Girls.  Perfect place to visit to satisfy your spicy food craving. In case there is a wait for the use of the restrooms or you have a tendency to stare at the waitresses, you have portraits of the lovely Hot N Juicy Girls to check out.  Or you can just pretend there is a line for the lavatory.

What I don't like or care for:  Shrimp are not de-veined.  The parking here can be a pain, as it can be rather scarce during peak hours.  Not to mention some less than proficient drivers to deal with.

Overall, I enjoyed my Hot N Juicy dining experience.  The food was pretty good, but dining here is more of a social activity for me. And if you have a problem with eating with your hands and getting messy, it is best to patronize a different establishment, otherwise enjoy!

Ambiance:  4/5  Roomy, with fishing theme decor adorning the walls and pictures of the Hot N Juicy waitresses on the hallway wall leading to the restrooms.
Cleanliness:  5/5  It is new, but I hope they keep it looking that way.
Food:  4/5  Nothing extraordinary, but it is enjoyable and fun.
Price: 3/5  About what you expect.  The main items are all priced at "Market or Seasonal Price", which for shrimp and crawfish are around the $10 mark.
Location:  4/5  Definitely close enough to the Strip for the out-of-towners to take a cab here.

Pretty solid 4 Yelp stars.

*Buy 1 pound of crawfish get the 2nd pound free, all day until it is sold out.
I honestly don't get why people go crazy for this food.  Cheap, overcooked, smelly seafood served in a plastic bag?  It's really disgusting.  I was sweating garlic out of my pores for a week.  You have to peel the crawdads and shrimp, which is fine, more flavor up in there that way, but it's so overcooked the meat turns to mush and your fingers will stink of farm-raised crawfish from god-knows-what southeast asian cesspool and garlic for days.

Bleccch.

Don't know why I went back.
I saw on Yelp that Hot N Juicy was opening up a new location and that they would be having a special on crawfish on 6/11. So we decided to check it out as we're big fans of Hot N Juicy.

The food was almost as good as at the original. I'm down-grading to 4 because the spices didn't seem to be as on-point and we had to wait a very long time for shrimp 'cause they gave our order to the wrong table. We did get our crawfish and soft shell crab quickly though.

Minor complaints, but I'm pretty selective with my 5 stars.
My friends and I went the night before the Grand Opening. We were shocked by how spacious and big this place was compared to their original location. My friends told me Hot N Juicy took over the old Cajun Crawfish but made a few improvements to the space and decor. We were even more surprised by how good looking all the servers are. (We learned later on that a new reality show is going to start filming there so I assumed that's why they hired some hot-for-TV servers).

We went around 7 pm on a Friday night and it was pretty full but our group of 5 people and a baby were seated promptly. (A huge advantage over the original location.) We were tended to by a few different waitresses who were all very nice and tired a bib around each of our necks. 

I ordered fried calamari for appetizer and a lb. of snow crab legs with garlic and butter sauce, medium level of spiciness. On that day, market price for snow crab legs was $16.99.  I had wanted Dungeness crab but they were all out. I got a side of rice and requested for lime and salt and pepper on the side. Everything was so flavorful and delicious! The medium heat was a little too hot for me and my lips were on fire but I still enjoyed every bite of my meal.
Okay, I KNOW the place isn't as good as the Boiling Crab in the LA area, but it's all we have in Vegas. This second location is considerably larger than the first location. When I peeked inside, I was like holy shiz, it's so huge. Most likely I'll be coming here instead of the smaller location. Traffic here will be slow compared to the other one for now since it's just recently opened.

My friend wanted to try this out so we came here for his birthday. I usually get my delicious cajun fries (they're spicy!) and 1 pound of the mild Lemon Pepper seasoned shrimp. Pretty yummy. I don't like the Hot N Juicy Special seasoning (I tried my friend's). I just prefer the lemon pepper. Don't think I'll risk the other seasonings, but I will definitely try them if a friend gets them next time. I believe I've tried them at the other location, but don't recall any of them standing out except the lemon pepper.

I absolutely adore the fries! Hell, just get the sweet potato fries and eat both of them. They both taste yummy. Just make sure you don't wear WHITE when you go eat as you might make a mess on yourself and just wear a dark-colored top. Yes, you get the bib but it doesn't cover all of you. With that being said, enjoy your seafood :)!
I love the new location! Our second time visiting in 2 weeks. This location is way bigger than the 1st location and right down the street. Same great service, great food.
Went to HnJ#2 on a Friday for lunch and it wasn't crowded at all. We sat at the booth which was nice and comfy. However, getting up out of it was a little hard, because the padding of the seat stuck to my legs. lol

The servers were nice and friendly and may i say good looking ;)

I ordered :
Calamari
Fries
Fried Shrimp
1lb of Lousiana style shrimp
2 lbs of Crawfish (1lb LOUISIANA style, 1lb Lemon Garlic)

Overall, the food was good. The problem is, I had so much garlic, that i had hot garlic breath all night long.. even after brushing a couple times..  My advice.. get something that's not garlicky =P but i think that would be tough.. 

Enjoy your crawfish! I know i i enjoyed all of it!!!
I can't believe we ate so much. First time here and will definitely come back!

You order by the pound and everything comes in their own bag of juices. Plastic utensils and no plates and paper towel rolls.  Can't be ashamed of leaving carcasses on the table.  Reasonable prices. 

Don't bring your friends that can't handle seeing the heads of seafood. Although my favorite part someone at another table couldn't handle it and their whole party left cause of him. Such a shame.   They do have chicken fingers for the non-seafood eaters.

We ordered
Calamari
Raw oysters
Shrimp mild with hot and juicy sauce
Shrimp mild with garlic butter
Lobster with garlic butter
Crawfish medium hot and spicy
Fried Catfish
Sweet potatoe fries

Everything was incredible. Oysters were good but nothing special. Wish I didn't order rice as that's what put me over the top but couldn't help it I'm Chinese and the sauce over rice is oh so good!

Import beers for $3 - Domestic $2. Just Beer - no wine or alcohol.  Wish they had at least wine as not so filling as beer.

Restaurant closer to Valley View is much larger and not as busy.  Parking can be difficult as there's a bunch of other popular restaurants sharing the same parking lot.
Dropped in to the new shop... much more roomier than the original store. But the service was slow...more than 5 min after we were seated before someone came by with water and asked if we'd been helped. I used to be able to finish off a pound of shrimp before... not this time... my wife and I ordered 2 lbs, one garlic butter, and the other Hot N Juicy special mild. Between the two of us, we finished just a little over a pound. It's a little messy to eat, but yummy.
You know this place is bangin' when you're nose is drippin and you don't even know it. Yes it happens haha but doesnt mean it's ok. Please use napkins accordingly. Thanks.

On to the eats. I always order a pound of snow crab legs and lb of shraaaaamp drenched in a bag of hot n juicy serum at medium level.  I highly-highly recommend their corn, soggy to perfection. One is not enough I tell ya. I never finish the fries so lesson learned, pass- on the fries, hmm although it is tasty. 

The wait to be seated might take a good 45 mins on a dinner weekend but on the upside, food is delivered promptly. Mmmm you can see me grasping for my crab cracker as the bags are brought over. I'm ready for this peeling party.

Atmosphere is bangin too. Servers are alright. When it's busy we're kinda left on our own which is fine, but we need drink refills stat. Where you at?

By the way, garlic breath for the entire next day for the win!
I tried this place over the weekend when my cousin noticed it on Man vs. Food.  I tried 2lbs of crawfish drenched in thier medium hot and juicy sauce which still had my nose dripping like crazy.  Wear the bib cuz it gets real messy so you will need to use alot of napkins for sure.  It was my first time trying crawfish which wasn't that bad, but they have other items on the menu as well like shrimp, king crab legs, blue crab, and lobster to name of few.  If you dare to try the hot hot sauce man I feel real bad for you.. I would definitley come back here again.
Same Hot n Juicy goodness. New location. This one has a larger interior and easier parking. It's nice to know there is an alternate spot to get dirty with your shrimps and your crabs and your corns and your crawfishes. OK so I usually stick with shrimp and corn. Specifically, my go-to bag of goodness is one pound of Hot n Juicy medium shrimp with 5 corn. Last night, I decided to switch it up. I ordered a bowl of their Étouffée and forewent the shrimp. However, I did hitchhike 3 pieces of corn in someone else's bag of shrimp. Corn on the cob is just oh so good when it's been swimming with the shrimps. I enjoyed the Étouffée; it came extremely hot and had nice spice to it. It was a nice diversion, but I'm going back to shrimp next time. Coz shrimp in a bag is just my bag baby.
My first time to the second location and I must say that the interior designer did a great job! Very spacious atmosphere despite the entrance with its crowded parking lot.... I'm in a wheelchair so I got prime parking. =P  

Went with a buddy who I havent seen since high school , his fiance and kid. Greeted warmly by the hostess and seated promptly .... This place gets packed fast so do what we did and arrive at 6pm or earlier. We went on saturday 07/02/11 a holiday weekend. All the waitresses were as the restaurant name says "Hot n Juicy" looking!! Not too shabby !! 

we ordered ....

1 Catfish Tray 
2 pounds crawfish
1 chicken tray
1 clams 
2 orders of rice
1 etouffe
1 pound garlic butter shrimp

The Catfish was awesome ..... Lightly Breaded on top of a bed of fries.... Didnt have the fries coz I'm trying to watch my Girly Figure.... =P  I had the crawfish Louisiana style w mild spices..... Simply delicious!  Albert ( my buddy from high school ) had the etouffe and a crawfish medium spice in garlic butter.  I'm a Crawfish rookie ....loved the flavor ....didnt like the tiny reward for breaking open those lil bastards! Took a bite of the garlic butter shrimp and know what I'm ordering the Next time I come here!!

Just like a previous reviewer said  "You know this place is bangin' when you're nose is drippin and you don't even know it." I was told by Lorena ( my buddies fiance) that I was sweating on my head..... I seriously didnt realize it!! The food is THAT GOOD!!

Definitely coming back for another round!! Great Place!!

OH!! I forgot to mention that our waitress brought us a bill from another table for only 20.00 ........ rather than a bill for 80.00 which it should be.... This was one of those What Would you Do kind of moments.... Just pay 20.00 ? or bring it to our waitresses attention..... We decided to bring it to our waitresses attention and she was so appreciative of that !! I would'nt feel right paying 20.00 for what we ate AND I would feel guilty knowing that the waitress would have to take a cut from her check for her error..... DO WHATS RIGHT PEOPLE!!  Do whats right!! nuff said.....
Very tasty, amazing sauces
Ordered a pound of crawfish in the Hot N Juicy special sauce (basically all of the flavors mixed together - Louisiana, Cajun, lemon pepper, garlic butter) with spicy for the heat level.

HOLY SHIT...the sauce is insanely delicious. I'm a sauce kind of guy, and man this stuff is legit. ***note to self: figure out copy cat recipe of the Hot N Juicy special seasoning. 

Make sure to go all out when eating these little jewels. Suck on your fingers, fuck wearing gloves, don't be afraid to suck the juices in the head, and crack it open afterwards to get some of that "head fat"...mmm. Just thinking about it gets me feening.

Don't wear anything nice cause the juice is no joke. Your fingers will smell all day. Their men's restroom even reeks of it. LOL. It's a small price to pay, though.
Shrimp, crawfish, potato fries, sweet potato fries, corn, sausages, EVERYTHING was heavenly. Such a pleasant surprise to find such delicious/fresh/juicy food off the Strip!

A+++ for the phenomenal staff.
Thank you for being so friendly and attentive!!

Hot 'N Juicy of Nevada (WIN!)

vs.

Boiling Crab of California (pfffffft.)
The food is RIDICULOUSLY GOOD - worth 5 star. The mild is still pretty spicy, so don't be fooled. Best place to get seafood in the rough in Vegas. Not a pretty place, just a hole in the wall with alot of tables squished inside. AWESOME catfish. Best I've eaten, doesn't manage to taste like dirty dishwater. The crawfish is worth the try, even if you think you don't like it. Try a pound (~$12). If ordered when they are in peak season, they are huge and succulent. If you are hesitant, order the shrimp (but alas, they are also head-on.)

Great spot to take visitors, but be careful. During peak mealtimes the wait is horrendous. Take-out is a good option. It's still hot by the time you get it home anywhere in the valley. 

The service is usually pretty good, but always so busy. It would be nice if they expanded somehow. An outdoor eating area would be great or at least a sitting area. There is no indoor standing area, or paging system. Most people stand outfront in large groups or have to wait in the car. Also parking is a big pain in the *ss, so be sure you aren't running late for your date, it may take you a bit time to find a spot on a different local street.
Having Hot n Juicy just 2 nights after our first HnJ experience tells you a lot! We just had to have it again...it was that good! 

I knew about this place thru a cousin's yelp check in on Facebook. So we decided to try it while on vacay...this is a MUST stop for all you visitors! 

 The first time we went, we visited the old location which doesn't compare to this newer location at all. This location is a lot bigger and more staff and most of them are cute and cut even the females look great.  

So first time at the old location- what we had: 

 4 lbs of their crawdads...these are a waste of your money - most of these pinchers were about less than half an inch in size and were a pain to crack! Hubby ordered the spicy Hot n Juicy special and it was definitely HOT!!! 
4 lbs of shrimps - THE BEST!!! Lemon Pepper is the bomb!  LP is my favorite, if you like the taste of lemon grass you'll definitely love this flavor. 
Chicken Wings with fries - great 
Calamari - yummy! 
Sweet Potato fries - so yummy! 

total for this visit - $162.00 for a party of 10 with 4 kids and 6 adults 

2 nights later- we visit this new location...we just can't stop talking about it. It's that good! 

What we ordered this time around: 

5 lbs of shrimps...Garlic Butter, Louisiana, Lemon Pepper 
2 Calamari
Chicken nuggets with fries
7 orders of rice!!! - A MUST!!!
2 Sprite 
2 beers 

Total: $124.00 

Spoon some of that juicy goodness on top of your rice and eat with your fingers!!! You can't let that sauce go to waste!!! DAYMN...just thinking about it makes my mouth water :)
Spectacular.  The restaurant is beautiful, service was great aside from the one hour wait on Saturday night but the food made it well wort the wait.  Spectacular...  If you haven't tried this place you must stop what your doing and head over there right now!
My co-workers love this place, or at least the original location.  So we came to check this new one out.  From the street you'd think it was a small place with a huge rush, but come in and it is vast!  Coming in right at noon meant no wait time for us and the waitresses was friendly and helpful with her focus on us.  So much so that when my bib fell off she put a new one on me (yes it was as ridiculous as it sounds, better work on my knots. -_-).

For this time I ordered the shrimp since I heard the crawfish was a bit of work and yes I'm lazy.  I ordered a pound of it with the Hot N'Juicy sauce, one piece of corn, and some sweet potato fries.  I'm definitely not one for getting my hands messy, but I managed to get over it enough because the shrimp was delicious.  Sucking up all that sauce was the highlight, especially on the corn.  It's definitely a once in a while thing for me eating like that but I'll be remiss if I don't at least try the crawfish once in the future.
Loved it. The corn on the cob with butter only is to die for.... We got 1lbs of shrimp in hot n juicy seasoning with mild spices, and 2lbs of snow crab legs with the same seasoning and spices. Everything was seasoned well and finger licking good. The meat of the crab was so tender and juicy. I loved the atmosphere. There were no silverware or plates just plastic table cloths and napkins. The price is very reasonable. We also got a fried shrimp appetizer and 2 soft drinks and our bill was less than 70 bucks. 

Two thumbs up
Great customer service!
Went here with my cousins and aunt since I was only visiting for a day.  It was pretty busy for 3pm on a Tuesday afternoon.  We got seated right away, but waited a good 10 minutes before our server even acknowledged us - at least we were ready to order.  We ordered 1/2 dozen oysters, sweet potato fries, 2 lbs of snow crab legs, 2 lbs of shrimp, 1 lb of crawfish, and bowl of rice for everyone.  The fries came out along with the oysters....but no water.  It was hard to flag someone down because we were sitting in the back of the restaurant and the servers were constantly going to the front.  We were practically done with our appetizers when the shrimp comes out.  OK, no water and no rice(hey, we're Filipino and we need our rice!)  Finally they bring us water along with everything else and we start munching down.  During the course of our meal we run out of water and we see our waitress asking the tables next to us if they wanted refills on their waters.  She had enough water to fill their cups and we thought "great, she's gonna go refill her pitcher and come back to our table."  NOT!!  We constantly had to get up and ask them for stuff....not cool at all!!!  I don't care how busy you are - if you are a really good server you know how to take care of ALL your tables!!  The last time my cousin had to stand at the counter to ask for refills on our water another waitress came by to apologize for ignoring us.  At least they know they were ignoring us, but how convenient to apologize AT THE END when we have to pay.  Great food but lousy service!
It takes awhile to get service when it's full. But the food is good.
Hot n juicy, messy n' delicious - I love this place!!

A bit ghetto shocking when you walk by the tables with their carnage of crawfish carcasses and other assorted shellfish!

We had so much fun here - ordering crawfish, snowcrab by the pound.  

You pick your sauce and your spice level - you can even opt for a no spice.

Our waitress was a sweetheart, and even demonstrated to us how to peel a crawfish (it was my first time having them, and they are a lot of work!)  

By far my favourite combination was Hot n' Juicy, mild spice snow crab - the meat is so sweet, tender and meaty.. you can remove an entire section and use it like a paintbrush with the juice.  SO GOOD!

Will be back each time I'm in town!!
Geeezzzz....just order a pound of everything, it's all great AND a Corona back. Service is extraordinary, all rookies who visit get a demonstration on how the peel n eat works. "Tip well."
Well I was so excited about visiting this place. I Nevermind had crawfish before and I had to try it!

First off... If you've never had crawfish before, you are missing absolutely nothing! That little tiny bit of meat is not worth the fight.

We ordered garlic butter lobster also which was good.

I had ordered a side of the hot n juicy special sauce to go with my rice, the sauce is good but waaay too oily. Especially since it looks more like spices and less like oil on the man vs food episode. 

Umm the waitress was beyond helpful, hopefully she'll be there if I go back.

It's worth another try because I didn't hate it, but I was totally unimpressed.
i'd usually gone to the first hot and juicy on spring mtn & decatur, but this new opening one's been my favorite now. it is very clean and comfortable, and to me it's much prettier, and couple of the staff are from the other location. they are so cheerful and friendly.
like always, i ordered shrimp, snow crab and clam in garlic butter, hot&juice and lemon pepper. and just like always, they came out fresh and juicy. i enjoyed getting my hands all messy eating those seafood, just made it so much fun!! 
so give this new location a try, worth it believe me!
I am a hot & juicy fan.. Even before it was on the travel channel and became so widely popular. I have preached the wonders of shrimp and crawfish to all my friends and will even choose H&J over The BoilingCrab. I have had many wonderful dinners at the original location and the servers are always so attentive. So why the low rating for this new location you ask? Its not the food that lacks at this location, it's the service. 

We tried out this place on a Thursday night around 9:00.. It wasn't too busy so when we arrived the hostess sat us right after she cleared up a booth. After a while a not so enthusiastic nor friendly server took our drink order. Then when she came back we ordered 2 lbs of shrimp + potatoes, rice, rolls and sweet potato fries. 

Slowly our order started to arrive one by one delivered by a food runner.. Soon we received everything except the sweet potato fries. Over half way through our dinner still no fries.. And no sign of our server.. So we have to flag someone down & ask and we find out that they ran out of SP fries a while a go and our server was supposed to tell us.. Then we are told not to worry it will immediately be taken off our check..

At this point our server has yet to once check up on us.. I spot her bottle blonde pig tails numerous times chit chatting with her co workers and horsing around.. 

Then we have to flag someone down again to place a Togo order but then we're told the kitchen is closed...  

Finally our server shows up only to plop a
checkbook down on the table.. Peeved, we want to leave so we give her our card., when it comes back we realize they didn't take off the fries after all.. So we go to the front and the girl apologizes and says she needs to swipe the card again but we should be rest assured it will only be charged once because they settle all the transactions at the end of the night. So there goes another 5 minutes of waiting around due to bad service all the while food is still being brought out to tables.. "kitchen closed" my a$$.. 

..The next day sure enough the card got charged twice from hot and juicy. 

Now I'm sorry, I honestly don't mean to be rude and I am a pretty patient person but seriously how hard is it to be a server at a restaurant that only has plastic silverware, paper towels and serves their food from a plastic bag.. ? Had the server just done her job adequately my experience would have been great.
Hell yeah. I'm Southern by the grace of God and we know crawfish so do these folks!
If you like crawfish/seafood, and can take some heat, you will love this place.  If you dont like crawfish/seafood, i'm afraid this place will not change your mind.  It's one of those places, " O i always hate___ now i'm a fan!"  
You buy the crawfish by the pound, and it comes to your table all steamed and evenly garliced.  This is the part where i think non seafood people will never understand.  You rip the lil heads apart from the body and give their brains a good little sucking.  It's absoutely delicious :) 
Dont act like a bad ass and feel like you can take the heat, because their HOT is HOT.  No shame in ordering the mild, as it does have  a little bit of kick.  
Overall big fan, and would wait come back here with my buddies anytime i'm in Vegas.
i love hot and juicy.  everytime i visit for dinner i always get genuine quality service.  the food is amazing and the servers always remember a familiar face.
After hearing about this place and about how great it is. Me and some friends decided to come here while in town. 

We ordered 2lbs of shrimp with hot n juicy seasoning, 1lbs of crawfish with hot n juicy seasoning and fried catfish. The shrimp was under cooked thoroughly and the flavor was bland! The crawfish were dirty and not fresh either. The catfish was neither firm nor fresh. 

Our experience was disappointing. Service was good. We will never return!
Super good food!
My friends and I ordered 2 lbs of shrimp, 2 lbs of crab legs, 2 Cajun fries, sweet potato fries, calamari, and fried catfish!

We ate it allllll up.

My only concern was that the crabs were a bit difficult to crack but then again I'm used to cracking the Alaskan crab legs.

But other than the difficult cracking, the mix of all the seasonings was just a great fusion of flavors to really individualize their seafood from anything I've ever tried.

And it was not primetime when we went so service was pretty fast!
Hope they're on top of their game when it is busy!
From the outside, the restaurant seems a little misplaced, but once you walk in, the environment is so inviting and feels like a place to have a good time. 

Got some blue moons for $3 each, which is a pretty good price if you ask me. I came with 8 other people so we ordered a whole lot of shrimps and crawfishes. Got 2 lbs of the hotnjuicy special crawfish and 2 lbs of garlic butter shrimp, 2 lbs of lemon pepper shrimp, 1 lb of louisiana style shrimp, 2 orders of sweet potato fries, 1 order of cajun fries, and some rice. The bibs and gloves they provide are very handy, and you should change your gloves once or twice during your eating period because the sauces definitely leak through and you'll be stuck smelling like cajun for a few hours or days after. The crawfish were a bit of a struggle for me to break into, but the sauce did it for me, so good and with a kick (my lips were for sure burning way after finishing eating). We started taking shots of balls of rice with the different sauces on top, DELISH! The shrimps had a significant amount more meat than the crawfish an were easier to peel. The cajun fries order got lost somewhere during the meal, but they were pretty nice about getting the order to us as fast as possible. 

This place is definitely worth trying and won't break the bank!
So I've been going to the  first Hotn'Juicy and wanted to try their 2nd location. Their food was on point, just as good as the original spot. But I was disappointed by the service. Server was complaining that we were ordering too much. The place was not busy so I didn't know why she was in a hurry. Second, she accidentally knocks over my beer all over me and the table, which is ok cause it was an accident. I'm a server myself so I understand accidents happens. But she just stood there watching me to wipe down the spilled beer all over me and the table. On top of that she was laughing about the situation. Ok I understand maybe it's your first day, maybe tired but at least pretend your apologetic, and help a brotha out cleaning up. Thirdly, she never came back to the table to either bring more napkins, or perhaps offer a new beer! No one came down to our table except to deliver our food. We had to wave another person for another beer. No one checked back with us or anything. Our check was $130 for 3 people. We left $20 for the service that we didn't get. Let's just say not for awhile, but I will just wait in line to the original location.
I came on a Tuesday night, and they were slammed. Took ten minutes to get a waitress's attention. They were out of quite a bit of their entres. You get stuff delivered in plastic bags, on a plastic table cloth, or in styrofoam soup cups. There isn't any silverware to speak of that I could see and fountain drinks come the same way. The prices are so-so. I had their etouffe. There's only one, and it's mudbug etouffe over rice. It was reasonably flavored, but over-seasoned with cracked pepper even for a Gulf Coaster. There is lobster, three kinds of crab (two missing, the least inexpensive) and an assortment of sides, like corn, sweet potato fries, and so forth. My limited sampling said that it's over-rated. 

Two other clues. The parking lot is tiny and insufficient for a large patronage; parking up the side street if you dare. The waitresses don't really understand their menu, or their ingredients (two different ones). Although they were slammed with people, the waitresses seemed inexperienced and had a lot of stains on their clothes. Busing the tables amounts to lifting off the white plastic table cloths and dumping the trash, I guess. It's like eating on the top of a garbage bag. I expected something more authentic, some semblance of service, and a cut above a pre-trash table setting. You can probably do better elsewhere; this isn't even as good as Joe's Crab Shack. There is no decor save for a few Mardi Gras-ish things they must have found at a party store, has all of the ambience of a WalMart restroom.
Hot N' Juicy Crawfish is so delish! It's just regular sea food but when you add the sauces it just gives it the kick it needs. The only thing that sucks here is some of the waitresses suck. There were like 2 really nice ones that weren't my servers that helped me out and the one that was supposed to be mine was rude and hardly showed up to my table. So the service isn't the best but the food is amazing! It's a bit expensive but good to have occasionally! :)
The flavor is still ridiculously good, the atmosphere is better with the high ceiling and well lit space, but the crawfish are not worth the money. The ones during this visit hardly had any meat. The real deal are the shrimp. These big, plump, and juicy crustaceans steal the show.

At Hot N Juicy, start by picking a protein, followed by seasoning, then the spice factor and finish it off with extras that they will cook in all the juices. For four, we easily dined on one pound of Hot N Juicy Special Spicy Crawfish with two pieces of corn and potatoes, two pounds of HNJ Special Extra Spicy Shrimp with two pieces of corn, two potatoes and half a dozen pieces of sausage, and a basket of ten fried shrimp ($10.99). Most of the seafood are sold at market price, but they tend to stay between $10-$12. Corn are .75, potatoes are .60, and the half portion of sausage was $2.75. The fried shrimp were not a favorite. The cornmeal batter is great for crispiness, but I could barely spot any shrimp. It end up feeling like I was eating friend bread. Beers are cheap for a restaurant. $2.75 for Bud, Bud Light, and Miller Light. $3 for Heineken, Heineken Light, Corona, Corona Light, Sapporo, and Blue Moon. For a quarter more, I am down with getting the import beers. 

The service was decent tonight. Our server was quick to refill our water cups. Even one that wasn't ours refilled our cups. Our server did look disappointed that our order was so small, but it was more than enough for us. At a little over $60, the bill is not a cheap meal. I am still more fond of the original location, but this one is rather attractive.
holy sh*t, i love this place.!!  literally, sh*t... frankly, having this as one of my favorite digs defies common logic as i KNOW eating here will make me sh*t like crazy later.!

TIME SPENT
once a week @ Lunch/Dinner times.

LAYOUT
this is the newest in the chain.   the older place is just a couple blocks away.!   i found HnJC to look like a mix between a brewery and sports bar.

SERVICE
no matter which HnJC you're at, the service is OUTSTANDING.   people are cheerful and conversational.   not only do servers ask what you need, but EVERYONE who works there will also eventually ask what you need.

FOOD
there's an arguement here on how good the food is.   as i rave about the taste, my southern friends disagree that it's better back home.^^;

my one CON is the Snow Crab's "freshness" being on par with local buffet quality.   i found the shell soft and flavor off (sauce saves it).    you are basicly paying $16 a 1ib for something you can pay $24 and eat without limit at a buffet ($15 @ Rio's World Buffet as a local).

i have ALOT of friends who don't like shellfish, so can recommend their sweet-potato fries, shrimp etouffe (sp.?), battered shrimp, and battered catfish as alternate foods...  all of which, i don't order, but highly enjoy stealing from those who do.^^

PRICING
  on average, i eat 6-8ibs of various items (crawfish, clams, snow crab) which normally run $50-$80.   i've had friends do 1-2 ibs of things and spend $20ish...  maybe that'll give you a rough idea.

CLOSING
HnJC will leave you with a lasting impression.  the service and welcoming you recieve there make it feel like you're eating at home with friends.   it also doesn't hurt that all the waitresses are gorgeous to boot.^^   it's as if they the catalogue of Suicide Girls were waitressing the establishment.!

TIPS
1.  SAUCES: please don't bother with getting anything under SPICEY.   the seafood just tastes bland otherwise.    EXTRA SPICEY will make you cry.
2.  Wear clothes u don't care about so you don't have to wear those ridiculous looking bibs...  some people go as far as wearing hamburger helper gloves to eat.!   please save yourself the embarrassment of looking stupid.
3.  i like to save whatever sauces is left over and pour them into one bag to go.   i know - it sounds YUCK...  but the sauce is great with everything you cook.   Omelletes (sp.?), over dry noodles with egg, etc.
Ambiance: 3. Don't set the bar too high -- H 'n J is a dive restaurant just off the Las Vegas strip in Chinatown.  That said, the exposed brick, checked table clothes and local feel makes it a treat.

Cost: 5. For once, we can all beat Vegas.  Even with a sub-$10 cab fare from the strip, H 'n J is still very affordable for what you get.  A pound each of crawfish, shrimp, and kind crab with sides and drinks did not top $60 with tip.  Meal would cost at least 2x that at the casinos, I almost don't want to share the secret for fear they jack the prices.

Food Quality: 4. H 'n J serves its seafood in plastic bags they've mixed the seasonings in.  No plates, no rules -- it gets messy.  But it's so good, you don't care.  It was my first shelled crawfish experience -- quite tender, but a lot of work to open up their apparently smaller than average crawfishes.  Shrimp were good, king crab legs were AWESOME.  Lemon pepper and Hot 'n Juicy special seasoning were probably the two best choices to go with -- for heat lovers, go with at least medium spice for flavors.

Service: 5. Waitress great, she walked us through the crawfish de-shelling process on arrival, as well as several menu questions on what to order, how much of it, and seasoning flavors.

When to return: When you need to get off the Strip and the f out of dodge, a cheap but great seafood meal, when you're not looking to get lucky in the following 6 hours.
its all about the experience. you gotta mix it up. this place puts your grub in a bag. no plates or utensils just your hands and a bib. we went sat. night. did not wait long. great music, the staff was happy and energetic. we had 2 lbs shirmp and 1 pound of crawfish, cajun fries, rice, 3 sodas for under 50. all was great.
Only 'local place' I've found for great & messy crab.  The 'hot n juicy sauce' is on the spicier side so go mild before you go hot.  Snow crab, king crab, corn and potato...you are good to go!
Saw this place on TV,  It's not bad if you haven't been to the best.  I personally like the dry rub type, this was more liquid cajun spices.  But very good and well worth a try.
--RibChamp
To set the record straight, I am not a fan of crawfish.. they have a weird scent to them that I can't get over :S I've tried them once before (not from here) and I wasn't a fan. Maybe this place will change my opinion? 

We arrived on a Thursday night and this place was packed! Apparently, there are two locations. I don't know if the service/food differs, but we decided to wait for a seat. Within 15 minutes, we were seated, which isn't too bad. We ordered three different flavors of crawfish - two pounds of cajun, one pound of hot n juicy, and one pound of the lemon and pepper. The first two flavors were not bad, the third we could've done without. The crawfish were juicy, fresh, and flavorful.. not bad, not bad! Each one pound order of crawfish comes with a side of corn on the cob, yum. If you order two pounds, you get corn on the cob and potatoes! 

Aside from crawfish, we also had an order of garlic butter clams. They were ok, could've done without as well. The weird garlic that was used had a strong kick to it which reminded me of straight up horse radish.

All in all, the food was not bad for someone who isn't a fan of crawfish. Top it off with some blue moon, and you'll be set! 

I do have to admit one thing, though... I felt like I was in a club when I was dining in there. They had some club trance music going on, which made me feel as if I had to peel the crawfish to the beat lol. It was interesting....
Nothing beats Hot and Juicy Crawfish.  I met up with some friends here for dinner and was more impressed with this location in a couple of areas.  
1.)  Parking is much easier to find.
2.)  More space to move around in.

Even though the wait was about half hour before we could be seated, it was okay because it was worth the wait.  The atmosphere was very calm, exciting, and comfortable.  The tables were all spaced out and there was no feeling of claustrophobic.  

We ended up ordering Snow Crab Legs seasoned with Cajun Season, Shrimp seasoned with lemon butter, blue crab seasoned with Cajun seasoning, Crawfish seasoned with Cajun season, calamari and fries, and wine to down it all.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  The Snow Crab Legs were easy to break and get the meat out; shrimp were cooked with full of juiciness; Crawfish was just mmm-mmm-mmm; blue crab was okay, just too small for my liking; calamari and fries appetizer was a great starter and would order it again.  It wasn't too oily, and breading was not overly done either.

Our service was also good.  There's no complaining on that.  Every employee seems to be in good spirits despite being super slammed and busy.  They manage to remember us every time.  The price of everything per person probably came out to be $30 without the bottle of wine we ordered.  I am a fan and will take my friends from all over the world to this place just so they have a taste of Hot N Juicy Crawfish.
Never having gone to the first HnJ, my brother, Katrina M., and Aziz B. decided to avoid the hoopla of the original, and head towards the second location. The interior was open and modern. Service was a bit slow, and at times, left us fending for ourselves in pursuit of bibs and gloves.

As for food, we ordered a pound of the Hot N Juicy special, spicy crawfish with sausage, two pounds of the HnJ special, extra spicy shrimp - both with corn and potatoes - as well as some fried shrimp. The seafood were around $11, fluctuating according to market price. Corn was .75 cents, potatoes .60, and sausage 2.75 for half a dozen. For the four of us, we were shed blood, sweat, and tears from the meal (perhaps not the first, but you get the picture). When they say Extra Spicy, they mean it. But the crawfish was good as a commodity (necessary for a first time). The shrimp though? That's where it's at. Succulent, packed with flavor - those babies were my favorite. As for its fried counterpart, the cornmeal breading was a bit overbearing and fully encompassing. It didn't stop us from devouring it as refuge from the spiciness of Extra Spicy. For about 60 dollars, this was more than enough among the four of us.

I love the idea around HnJ - communal and casual eats. Good food around people who love you despite your barbaric eating habits. As for the technicalities of a restaurant, service could be better. But I don't expect much from a place with plastic tablecloths.
Not as good as Boiling Crab, but great food nonetheless.
This was the only decent crawfish place in vegas until The Boiling crab opened in 2011 . Second location is cleaner , bigger and not as stuffy as the first location . I use to come here every week because they were really good , and very similar in sauce to boiling crab. I don't come here anymore only because they don't offer Non-spicy for my shrimp, crabs etc. but mild instead. And their mild is never consistent. where as boiling crab offers non spicy for me. Service is never a problem, everyone's very very nice there.
Loved this place, after seeing it on man v food i had to try it and it didnt disappoint the spicy scauce with the crawfish and corn together with the cajun fries was lovley.
OMG!   This place is awsome.  Decently priced and fun!  The the servers don't seem to have as much fun as everyone else, but who could blame them.  Food is served quickly and drinks are always filled!  Great array of flavors and hotness, easy and simple seating.  Messy as hell, but they even give you bibs, paper towels and wipeys!  Plus the clean up is the best!

Great for everyone ......as long as you know how to have fun with your food!
It appears that this restaurant recently opened. It is located in an Asian strip mall. There seems to be ample parking along the whole area. When we went there this Saturday noon, there was luckily not a wait. 

The employees here were very accomodating. Kudos to their excellent service. Also, the food was great. I think the shrimp was actually the best thing I had here. I also had crawfish, etoufee, and clams. We got the Hot N Juicy Crawfish spice mix and everything was about medium spiciness. 

Even their bibs were of premium quality, although the question of the day is, why is there a lobster on the bib? Isn't it a crawfish place?
Same greatness as the location down the street but this one is a little roomier.  

King Crab Legs, Shrimp, and Corn still the best.  

If you got a big group I would probably try this one first.
Great food...hot servers!!!!!!!!
This is as close to the cajun food in Nola as I have had.
The crawfish, were excellent as were the shrimp.
When in Vegas this will now be one of my regular stops.
The price is great as well.
Your going to get a bit grubby eating here, but that's part of the experience.
Love this place! No plates, not utensils, no problem....use your hands - just don't touch your eyes while eating the spicy seafood! 

Known for it's crawfish, I more enjoyed the spicy crab legs & shrimp. Order by the weight of the food in a plastic bag & use your hands to eat. They give you a plastic bib and rolls upon rolls of paper towels on your table. It's really messy (NOT DIRTY, there is a difference) but my opinion quite worth it. I was full when I arrived here with friends and I still ended up being the last one to finish eating. 

Would definitely go here again when I visit Las Vegas. This is the newer location, only slightly closer to the strip. I have not been to the older location, but probably will visit it when I'm there next. Highly recommend if you don't mind using your hands to eat. 

The only bad thing I can think of is my hands smelled like garlic for a week.....but is that really a bad thing? Keeps the vampires away. :D

My rating 1-10 (10 being the best)
Atmosphere: 9+
Food: 9+
Cleanliness: 7
Noise: 7
Service: 7
Overall: 9
Always a big fan of Hot and Juicy's Hot and Juicy Special sauce on anything. LOVE their sausages. so yummy!
Hot N Juicy Crawfish restaurant no. 2 is just as good as restaurant no. 1!  I like this restaurant as it's much bigger and airier.  The food is just as good as no. 1.  I noticed that when you order the medium spicy sauce, it is medium and not screechingly hot and if it's mild, it does come mild.  In other words, the sauce come as ordered.  We ordered 3lbs of shrimps and it was so good, we ordered another lb of shrimp!  Also, we ordered the catfish and cajun fries and some rice to sop up that wonderful sauce!!  

Will be back!
After reading the excellent yelp reviews, I drove down from LA for the day just to try this place.  I was craving some crawfish and finding good crawfish up here hasn't been easy lately.  So, I got in the new ride, picked up my companion, plugged in the iPod, and just hit the road. What a way to spend a Saturday.  

OMG!!  Ultimately, although I wanted to eat more, I refrained from pigging out.  I stopped eating after I ate three pounds of crawfish...and yes I'm consoling myself with the fact that three pounds included the shells...yes, that's it!  And...no I didn't eat the shells.  So I really only ate maybe a pound or so of actual crawfish meat.  Anyway, the first two pounds were in the medium Cajun boil served with a corn cobbette and a potato.  The boil was flavorful with a light heat and the crawfish were of good size.  When I was done, I ordered another pound of crawfish in the spicy hot and juicy boil.  Great flavor, particularly with the garlic touch.  And those mudworms were large!  They looked like mini- lobsters.  I actually ate the claw meat, something I generally don't do given their small size.  After all, there is a limit to just how much work I want to do for a meal. Now, I know to just order the spicy boil flavors since I generally like foods with a high heat.  Before I forget, the sweet potato fries were good too.  I liked that our food server kept the coke cups full and the staff checked in often. 

My companion ate the fried shrimp and the chicken wings with potato fries.  While he ate everything because he was hungry, he didn't particularly care for it.  I'm thinking that figures since the house specialty is the crawfish. But unfortunately, because these items are on the menu, they could use a bit more attention; hence, a four star rather than a five star rating.

The restaurant was clean and, importantly, so were the restrooms!  Now, if you're too prissy to eat with your hands and you have a problem with not using a plate, then this isn't the place for you, even though they give out nice bibs and you eat from a plastic table cover.  Keep in mind, you do eat from a plastic bag and you drink from styrofoam cups...okay so that's not environmentally friendly but who cares!?!  I even bought a tank shirt...and that's an unusual move for me.

I'm thinking I'll definitely be back...and next time, I'll try shop No. 1 to see if it's as good as shop No. 2.
umm...you call this a crawfish spot?! I came here on Halloween with some friends. We wanted to take a break from the hotel/casino food. Arrived around 5pm and was seated immediattely. Yeah..it was empty hahaha..

We were about to order and the waitress tells us they are out of CRAWFISH! WTF.....okay..So we asked for Clams...out of CLAMS..asked what they had. They had Shrimp. Ordered 4 lbs of shrimp. The marinate/sauce sucks..no flavor at all.. Had way better. Guess this place didnt live up to the hype
Um, I'm kinda in love with this place. I've been trying to come here for a few times, and even went once but the wait was too long for a large party. 

This time, my lil sister Jenni took me here Saturday night around 7pm for dinner - just the two of us this time. This is Hot N Juicy II, a little further east than I, and the place seems more updated and less crowded than I. 

It's such a fun environment. The waitresses are all super nice and laid back, there is Top 40 radio going on in the background, and everyone is eating with their hands! The wait a table for Jenni and I was about 20 minutes. 

I love crawfish but the shrimp was recommended to get more bang for your buck and also because they're delicious, of course! We each got a pound of shrimp in the Hot N Juicy Special sauce (which is a combination of all the sauces they offer). The food came out in about 10 minutes, hardly any wait. The mild was a tiny bit spicy for me (I'm a big spice pansy) but perfect for that extra kick. The shrimp that arrived were perfectly seasoned in that amazing sauce, and were each a good size. We also got an order of sweet potato fries that were super tasty, well seasoned, and a generous portion at that. This was definitely the right amount of food for the two of us. 

Our bill for 2 lbs of shrimp and an order of sweet potato fries came to be around $26 without tip. Not bad for a seafood dinner. 

Tip: Jenni, a seasoned HNJC customer, recommends that you keep your wardrobe in mind when coming here. You tend to leave with your clothes smelling a little like garlic, and the scent definitely sticks on your hands for at least a day. :)
The battle is neck and neck! We did the taste test the other day. I'm solely basing this review on Hot N Juicay's medium special vs The new contender's medium whole shabang. 

We got 4 pounds of snow crab, 1 pound of skrimps, and 1 pound of crawfish. I opt for the medium hot n juicy special for the seasoning. I saw white rice on the menu. WOOT!!! I'm not sure if they always served white rice here. I remembered asking for it at the original spot and got denied. Maybe they ran out back then. I was so glad to see it on the menu. I saw some cat post up a picture of rice that had the seasoning poured all over it. FOR REALLY DOE!!!

Not very long after I was stuffing my face like a pig, the spice started to make me sweat, but I couldn't stop eating. Believe me, it was an ugly sight. Pieces of shell all on my grill, juice running down my arms, beads of sweat forming on my cranium, crab meat chillen on the upper lip...YO!

Both places have GREAT flavor, although Hot N Juicy's medium spice got it on LOCK DOWN!!! Doesn't need no more or no less. Keep doing it yallz! EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
Maybe I got too excited? 

We don't have crawfish in NY, so I figured I could eat some in Vegas.. I thought it was alright. 

I've def. had better in Tampa, FL... 

But the service was great! and everything was def. fresh which is very important
So far I've eaten here twice.  First time was dine-in and the food was awesome.  Second time was take-out and it seemed undercooked.

Even though crawfish is in their name, to get the most bang for your bucks stick with shrimps and crabs as they have more meat whereas the crawfish is mostly shell.  The fried catfish was excellent & the french fries' portion was large and a good foil for the spicy sauce they boil their shellfish in.
Love this place! Its never a let down. I usually order the 1lb of shrimp (snow crab or alaskan king crab legs) with HnJ special sauce, medium spice with corn and a bowl of rice. You have to eat the corn last. Gotta let that corn soak in all the buttery, garlicky, spicy goodness. I also scoop some of the sauce onto my rice! Then down it with a nice cold Corona w/lime! Hits the spot! 

I've tried Boiling Crab. Their sauces aren't bad but it doesn't do it for me. I love HnJ's sauce better.
Easy parking, comfortable booth, very good service and clean.

I meant to review that place a long time ago...

Here, everything is about the spices and that flavorful sauce, you cannot  go wrong with any of the seafood items.

I specially like the clams cause there is no pealing to do and you can use the shell to scoop all the juices...so yummy!!!

My favorite side items would be corn, rice and bread roll (French people and their carbs lol!!!)

I also appreciate the Fact that they use real tasty butter and not the hydrogenated crap...

The Cajun fries were not all that but I guess that's because my grandma spoiled me with those fried goodness back in the days!

Perfect place for a Bday party.

By the way the "medium" spicy is actually spicy compared to some "crab shack" and other restaurant chain but here this is the real deal!
The place is simple just like the food. Eating with your hands like a barbarian with oversize gloves.

Ordered  3 lbs of shrimp (not de-vein with heads on) in Medium spicy sauce with 4 corn and snow crabs, with sweet potato fries and Cajun fries. 

They give you little plastic bibs and plastic gloves to wear. No plates so I used a lot of towels. Easy to clean up.. Most  the food comes in a huge bag. So you grab, peel and eat. It was a fun experience. Makes you feel like a little kid again eating with your hands LoLz. It gets messy don't wear white. Wear dark color clothes. hehee

But one of my friend is not used too eating without utensil and was not enjoying it as much. Also when they went home the toilet was loving him but his butt wasn't happy at all. Also the people who had to smell what came out was not happy too. sigh.
Walked into into nice ambiance. Headed straight to the bathroom that was all out of toilet covers & toilet papered floors. Ordered shrimp, cajun fries, & snow crab legs. Everything wasnt seasoned that great. Legs sauce was pretty good though.   Shrimp sauce was basically water. & the fries were nice and hot but not as cajun seasoned as I liked it. Service met regular service standards, nothing pleasing or over the top. And the bill/price was ok. Overall mediocre.
Ordered the crayfish, shrimp, sausage, and rice. The crayfish were small and I mean small, there were barely anything left on it to eat. The shrimp was good. The sauces weren't to over powering as well.
This taste so much better than Boiling Crab. This place has lots of tables and lots of space. Good enough to get down and dirty with your shrimp and crawfish!
I came here once early last year with two of my friends and forgot to review.

This place was pretty busy, we had to wait for like 35min although we arrived at around 6pm. The service was alright, they didn't fill up our water unless we asked for a few times.

The food tasted okay, not as good as the ones I've tried in the bay area. I would try other Cajun style restaurant in LV area the next time when I visit to compare.

We asked them to call a cab for us when we left, they seemed annoyed by calling one for us; we waited for another 20min for the cab to arrive.
Absolutely amazing.  My girl and I started it off with a couple of beers and the catfish nuggets.   I got the pound of crawfish the hottest level and devoured it all. Our server was amazed!  Soaked the rest of the catfish nuggets with the Hell Blazing crawfish juice to finish it off.  Despite the 3 blisters on my lip I obtained from my meal this place is amazing. I cannot wait to go back !!!
I wanted to love this place and think it deserves a second chance-possibly at the other location? Or maybe during off hours?

Came here on a Saturday night around 5:30-it wasn't too terribly busy, but based on the amount of time it took someone to acknowledge our presence while we loitered by the register led me to believe other wise. The waitress who seated us ended up being our waitress for the evening and while she was nice, service was so slow-almost unbearably so.

I ordered the garlic butter shrimp (mild) and my mom got the hot 'n juicy special crawfish (hot) Prices were great (we got lucky, I think at only 9.99/pound) and I took down almost all of the shrimp by myself. My mom really enjoyed her crawfish and she loves spicy, but I think she was really challenged to finish it. Half way through her nose was running and she wanted to dump the ice water on her face. 

My mom polished off my last few shrimp because she was still hungry after her crawfish BUT she didn't take my advice and eat the rice with the leftover sauce in the bag, which I definitely recommend. That sauce! With the rice it was like having a nice little stew with great, concentrated flavor. Beware: there appears to be garlic in everything and my mom and I are still suffering the after effects. Seriously, invest in a tongue scraper and use it after brushing your teeth that night! There's THAT much garlic, but I loved it. 

This place is meat and carb central and there is not one vegetable on the menu. No you guys, potatoes and corn don't count. I didn't mind that because I felt like I got my money's worth food wise, but wouldn't hold it against them if they added some steamed broccoli or something to the menu.

Also, it's very, very messy eating. So don't come here on a first date unless you a) don't mind eating like a caveman in front of someone else and b) don't mind someone else eating like a caveman in front of you. Ladies, bring a hair tie because there's nothing more distracting than tossing your hair out of your face every few minutes! I would even suggest wearing clothes that you may not care about because while they give you a generously large bib and gloves, there's no guarantee that some of those delicious sauces and juice won't go flying on your clothes in an eating frenzy. The attire is very casual though-so much so that I didn't feel bad about wearing pocketed sweatpants.

I did think the lack of continuity in service did warrant knocking off two stars. I watched as people came in and were left unattended for extended periods of time and it was incredibly awkward. Seriously-hire a hostess for busy nights! By the time we left, the place was packed and there was a crowd of people hovering in the door way like vagrants-there was just no system!

I would absolutely come back as I enjoyed the food but will not expect much in terms of service.
It was great. Went to eat crawfish and got my fill! Crawfish were good, service was outstanding and friendly. Matt was knowledgable and made good suggestions. Ate 4at Lbs, each different combos of spice and sauces. My favorite was, Louisiana Style Spicy. I thought the medium wasn't spicy enough and didn't try the Extra Spicy. Each 2nd pound comes with free piece of corn and potato. I would highly recommend!
Came to Vegas for hot n juicy.. No more crawfish really..? WTF..
This is my favorite place in Vegas! I get the hot n juicy medium for a sauce, and I crave it days after eating. The staff is friendly, the food amazing and interactive. I always take visitors here for a great time! But you smell like garlic all day, so make sure you don't have any important meetings later on. Or even if you do, totally worth it!
The hot and juicy sauce mild with any of the shrimp or craw fish, mild is spicy enough! The spice index here is much higher than other Cajun places. You will be eating with your hands so wash'em before and after!  The only thing that bothers me is the amount of trash this place generates per table . And also they use styrophome.
I went to Hot N Juicy last night. This was my second visit. We ordered Lobster, 1 lb. of Crawfish, and 1 lb. of shrimp. I love this place. It has a fun atmosphere, the new location at Valley View and Arville is far more comfortable than the original one and has a nice overall feel to it. I don't eat much lobster, but the person accompanying me said it was very good. It was certainly a large, fresh lobster. We were told it was just over one and a half pounds. The crawfish were amazing, but mostly small ones, The bigger ones are easier to eat and taste better. The sauce is the best. Shrimp were absolutely delicious as all. Prices were reasonable, especially since we were there for Mardi Gras and they were giving away beers with dinner. The service is friendly and the staff is works hard to please the customers. If I had one negative comment, it is that the waitress who took our order wasn't very knowledgeable about the menu. Maybe she was new, but as we asked her more questions about the menu, it was later revealed that she didn't like seafood, so that explained a lot.
As usual, Hot and Juicy never disappoints! The fun foodie goodness of wonderfully marinated crustaceans in my mouth was just heaven! I satisfied my shrimp craving with a nice 1 lb bag of the Hot and Juicy House sauce at little less than mild spice. Mmmm...perfect spice to it. At least for me. Hot and Juicy certainly does not hold back on the hot. When they say hot. They mean HOT. So I usually try to keep my spice to a perfect level so I can enjoy the taste and goodness of the shrimp and marinate, and to avoid any horrible encounters with the bathroom! (YIKES......) 

I must warn, the cajun fries are awesome, and ADDICTING, but beware. They are very spicy with a crazy cajun kick to it. It'll surely knock your taste buds out with a left and right hook! I also ordered the oysters here just so I can see how big and fresh they are compared to other seafood places that offer oysters. $8.99  for half a dozen and I think I find myself feeling neutral. Of course you can't go wrong with oysters, and their specialty cajun cocktail sauce that goes with it was really spicy and different! However, when eating oysters (especially since oysters are a "love em or you don't" kind of thing) I like eating and tasting them as certain way. So, I passed on the cocktail sauce. Size wise, they are average and of decent size to be satisfied so I can't complain.

Service? A little confused on that...I had one lady give me my check and then a different lady grab my check. The original server that took my order, however, hadn't really checked up on us even when she passed us frequently. However, another girl did come towards the last half of my meal to check up on us frequently. So either these two girls were battling for the table, or they are all just one big happy family that helps each other out!
maybe its unfair because in compairing this place to boiling crab in so cal.. but this place wasn't good at all..
I can never say no to crawfish :) We were in town to celebrate our three year anniversary. My brother is normally not a crawfish fan so I kinda had to drag him here and offer to pay :) but he usually goes with shrimp and blue crab. We ordered a dozen oysters to start off with. That was delicious! 1 pound shrimp, 1 pound crawfish and 1 pound blue crab later licking my fingers with burning lips ends off a good dinner. I love the lemon pepper sauce! We ordered two sides of corn and my corn was soaked in the lemon pepper sauce until the end of the meal finishing it like it wa my dessert :) I usually do not like spicy food but here I got with a medium for a kick. Which to me is spicy but probably to others is not spicy at all! I go and eat at Hot n Juicy every time I am in town. I wish they had one in Salt Lake! I probably would go everyday. lol. We did have to wait about half hour on a Friday night. All the servers help each other out which you don't see often at restaurants. They work as a team and that is amazing. There are two locations in Vegas so if you cant wait at one go to the other to see if there is a wait.
Came here last week in the evening decided to get off of the strip. Ok so my first thoughts when I entered was GHETTO but I had heard the crab was THE BOMB. Catfish was delicious and when they say the sauce is spicy they are NOT PLAYIN!! I had the Soft Shell Crab it was tasty. The Hawaiian sweet rolls were crusty hard, HELLO that is not how they are supposed to be served.

Do not expect tremendous amazing service it was very casual and they were young and busy and seem to just want to make sure you got your beverages and order and that was IT! I think their clientele isn't necessarily looking for more so I get the feeling that is why they don't try harder.

My advice if you are a local order take out. If you are a visitor take heed.

Respectfully Reviewed
I think I may have shed a tear on the flight home! This place was unbelievably good. I had seen HNJ profiled on Man vs. Food. So when my friend and I were in Vegas last week, we just had to try it. I didn't realize that there were 2 locations. We asked the taxi driver to take us to the original location but he didn't.  I was a bit disappointed. As soon as we were seated, that disappointment disappeared.. The table is covered in a big piece of plastic, roll of paper towels, and menus. Makes for easy cleanup. Trust me on that...Catlin was our server and she was the sweetest, nicest person ever! I had never had Crawfish before, she explained the menu, the process, and how to eat them to us. They serve most of the seafood by the pound with the exception of the shrimp, you can get them in half pound. You pick the seasoning (Louisiana Style , Juicy Cajun , Garlic Butter, Lemon Pepper , Hot N Juicy Special(which is a combo of all of the seasonings)), then you order a spice level (I am a total spice whore, the hotter the better). They offered mild, medium, spicy and extra spicy. They serve it in a steaming bag that is opened on the table for you to enjoy. Catlin suggested that we go with the medium as it was hot and it builds as you eat. She said to try it and if we wanted it hotter we could order something else. We started out by ordering a pound of Crawfish cooked in the HNJ special seasoning with medium spice. OMG I cannot begin to tell you how good this was. The flavor makes my mouth water as I am typing this. The medium spice was perfect and was hotter than most mediums you have probably eaten. It was so good we ordered rolls to dip into the leftover sauce. And then the debauchery began.. Once we were about half way thru we decided to order the snow crab legs in the same flavor and spice level. Chunks of garlic on the crablegs....it was heaven.
Oh no, I am not finished...we then ordered 10 fried shrimp. These shrimp were butterflied, cooked in a catfish type batter. We also ordered the Cajun fries (which we couldn't even finish) but all of it was the best seafood I think I have ever had. Needless to say our table was strewn with shells, bags and lots of paper towels (yes us girls got our chow on, somethin fierce!) the whole bill came to under 60 dollars (including beers with dinner). If you are in Las Vegas GO, RUN!! to Hot and Juicy. You will not regret it! Had we had a little more time we would have went again before our flight on Friday. Next time were driving so we can take a cooler to bring back to Phoenix with us. Basically you can reheat the bags in boiling water and they will be just as good as if you were sitting at the table in Vegas.
The  food was spectacular! My friends and I ate like 8 pounds of crawfish amongst us. The hot and juicy sauce was yummy but take it mild cause it's pretty spicy.
Ughhhh!!!! Ok so it waS a spicy tasty MESS! I made my own 15 layer napkin plate other wise I'd be eating off of a trash bag feel one time use table cloth! N as you can c in my pics the food comes out in these clear plastic bags plus theyre just tied up n labeled w post-it notes. Presentation was not appetizing. It felt awkward tryna grub without the normal plate setting... Damn, i was majorly Turned off thinking this restaurant's cheap n not only that, they did not have crawfish(majorly disappointing) Food was flavorful spicy good but nothing I'd get messy again for.
get the king crab legs. their sauce is a crazy combination of cajun and jerk. super spicy and delicious.
I went for dinner with my friend, and oh so happens that they were filming for the cooking channel. I don't if that might have been part of the reason why service and food was extra special, but I was SAT-IS-FIED! My shrimp was ten times bigger that day, and the staff, although changing frequently from person to person, was very accommodating to our many needs. They were super busy, but they didn't hesitate to make runs back and forth for our lemon and pepper, and refills. Thanks hot and juicy!
O-VER-RA-TED! Un-freakin-believable. Went last week for an early dinner to beat the crowd. Took forever to even place the order, but okay at least we're seated. The waitress comes over (Asian chic) asking what we wanna order, speaking so fast (like an auctioneer). Clearly she's in a hurry. we order our food and it comes out fairly quickly. Shrimp... then crab.... some fried catfish.... then a sudden halt. Where's the crawfish? Asked a waitress to check on it after waiting at least 15 minutes. She said "they're working on it, it should be right out." 10 minutes later, still nothing. Ask another server - "it's on the ticket so it should be on the way." ANOTHER 15 minutes and at this point we don't even want it anymore. I mean seriously, it took us less time to wait to order and eat everything, and still no crawfish. We ask if we can cancel the order since it's taken WAY too long. Great no problem... then the bill comes and they still charge for the crawfish! Ayuh! Wave one down again and they take it off - no apology... nothing.

As far as the taste - it's not all that. If ya'll are from So. Cal, don't waste your time here. Go to Boiling Crab in L.A.  Save your time and money for the craps table - at least you'll have a fighting chance. This was a lose/lose situation.

Hot n Juicy Crawfish? I wouldn't know... it never came!
Ohh man that was awsome... The hot n juicy mild shrimp was good!!
I like it!! best place in town for low carb diner. Inexpensive, very casual. Expect to wait for a table at diner time.
My friends Chris, Lee and Favi took me here for a bon voyage dinner.  We chose this because parking is easier and wait isn't as long.  I'll cut to the chase on this review.  Service was good and attentive.  When you have to call for a server, they're right there immediately.  The shrimp and crabs were cooked to perfection as always.  The only reason why I gave it a lower star is because the sauces tasted different.  We ordered mild spice on the sauce but it tasted like it was prepared medium.  Not sure if this is the server's but I could barely taste my food because it was too spicy for me.  

Overall, I'll keep coming back just because it's part of Vegas and the shellfishes are always cooked right.  I'll just have to make sure to order sauce that is less than mild... maybe they'll do it light for me.  ;)
I had been fighting coming here for over a year due to the whole Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives episode hype.  I knew that it would be tough to get a table but I finally gave in and thank God I did.  We stopped by the other location first, looked like an hour wait at 6PM, crazy.  Drove a mile down the street and got the last table at this location which was lucky because after us there was a 20-30 minute wait.  Ordered some shrimp ($10/lb) and dungeness crab ($15/lb).  The shrimp was awesome, serious flavor...make sure you dip them back in the sauce after you shuck them.  A single dungeness crab was $20 and not worth it.  I'll stick to the shrimp next time.  You will definitely want to wear the bib and also some eye protection.  I shot hot 'n juicy sauce in my eye, that sucked.  The food is great and I will definitely be coming back...
Went here today and the crawfish were not only in season but HnJ definitely flew them in and hooked it up out here in the desert! The restaurant was its usual busy 90% occupied with parking hard to find in this Valley View & Spring Mountain plaza. My friends ate the crawfish and they were ginormous!  The shrimp were also huge as I took an extra pound home. Hot n Juicy mild sauce was on point. 

The catfish and calamari were okay but this is to be expected from battered deep fried seafood. I honestly believe these guys are about equal to Cajun Crawfish as well as Boiling Crab. The sauce at this location has a little more taste than the others but they are close to equal.
I'd be lying if I told you I was excited to try Hot N Juicy. My Vegas friends were going on about it and I'm sort of a Cajun snob when it comes to this type of food. Whenever anyone mentions seafood in a bag in the back of my head I'm rolling my eyes thinking "Psh, this is gonna taste like shit compared to Boiling/Kickin Crab." Okay I was wrong. The seafood was fresh and the flavor of the Hot N Juicy sauce was fiiiire (bomb AND super spicy). I got spicy because I usually get spicy at boiling/kickin and it was a bit much so I recommend getting medium. The fries were definitely not the business.... And the corn was a bit soggy... BUT ONE THING I HIGHLY RECOMMEND and will def come back for: ettouffe. It isn't necessarily gumbo but it's similar to it just less soupy...  omg seriously so fucking delicious. DROOL.
This place burned a hole in my stomach. 

I'm not kidding. I went to the doctor, and I was on prescription-strength antacids for nearly a month. 

BUT IT WAS WORTH IT!

Here's the deal: you buy a bag of seafood, pick your sauce, and they dump it on the table. We got 1 lb. of shrimp and 2 lbs of crawfish, as per our server's recommendation -- and it was WAY too much for 2 hefty, hefty eaters. The shrimp, especially. Ye gods. Now, don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but there is a lot of meat on each plump and tender morsel.

My favorite was the crawfish, with their signature sauce. It's incredibly flavorful, and the red potato and corn can't be beat. You pick it apart with your bare hands. My fingertips got bath-tub wrinkled. How primal. Yes, you can ask for gloves. Yes, you're less of a (wo)man for doing so. 

Anyway, well worth a quick cab or car ride from the strip, not too expensive for what you get, cute waitresses. And you get a calendar. Bravo!
This review is dedicated to Thomas O. (1 of 5- high five!):
I grew up in New Orleans, so crawfish is something I have grown up eating. Since moving away in 1998, I have been searching for some decent Cajun food, and an authentic crawfish boil is no exception. So on my most recent trip to Vegas, I knew I had to stop by Hot N Juicy Crawfish. The name alone warrants a visit to the place! Right when we landed, we headed to HNJC, we didn't even check into our hotel! The wait was a brief 20 minutes. I ordered 2 pounds of crawfish in the special sauce-- medium spicy (I think it was a level 8 of 10). I thought I could handle it. After all, I am Asian and from New Orleans- a lethal combo, duh! In 10 minutes, my crawfish arrived hot and steaming in my own personal bag. I burned my fingers trying to peel the first couple of crawfish, but I could not wait. The garlic juices were running down my fingers-- thank goodness for my bib. The size was smaller than what I am used to seeing, but the Cajun flavor I was craving was present and the spice was just perfect. ok, I couldn't take it. It was sooooo hot! But honey badger don't care. I kept burning my fingers, burning my mouth, and eventually, burning my stomach. Will I go again? Hell yeah.
I love love love Hot n Juicy Crawfish food. I am so addicted to their signature sauce in "spicy". I am really put off by the club music though.  This prompts me to take my order to go. Ideally some blues would compliment the fare or old R&B. I would rather listen to death metal than trendy club music.  For food that has so much soul the ambiance should compliment it.
I like this place! Nice complex flavors and damn spicy too. The wait staff were second to none.. I didn't think I was in a chain.
I think i like this chinatown location better than one in Decatur. It's more Hip.

Service is good.

Everytime me and my fiancé go there, we always order same stuff.

2lbs of Hot n Juice shrimp, one sweet potato fries, 2 bowls of rice and two corns. And trust me we always finish everything. Their signature sauce is amazing.

I love this place.
Went for a 2lb. lunch yesterday just to 'check in' on the classic. I went in with an open mind, but my suspicions were right:

The most inconsistently-sized shrimp and crawfish of it's kind in Vegas. If you order a bag of shrimp here you WILL get some tiny runts, and over half of my shrimp's heads had fallen off by themselves in the bag, a telltale sign of non-freshness. And, this place serves up consistently stingy portions - I'm convinced that they weigh the sauce when they weigh your 1lb. bag of food. The sauce is not as good as I remember, and though I have fond memories of this chain from years past, I feel like Hot N Juicy has become the Pho Kim Long / Lotus Of Siam of seafood-in-a-bag joints. Popular because of public relations, not because the food is great. Hot N Juicy's food is no longer made with love. You get a sense that the bottom line is king here. More profits = more PR budget = more TV exposure = more first-time customers = more profits. Sad. One day Robin Leach will be Hot N Juicy's only customer, and he'll expect to eat for free, because that's how he rolls.

So, where to go for cajun seafood-in-a-bag?

Cravin' Cajun is SO much more consistent, the crawfish are huge and the shrimp are ALL 10-15 count (and you get 16-20 in a 1lb. bag!). All of your shrimp heads will be intact, and the sauce at Cravin' Cajun is straight-up tastier. Please, if you only have time for one of these joints, try Cravin' Cajun. If you have time for two, try Hot N Juicy so you can make your own judgement. If you can't already tell, I am passionate about this subject.
Ok. I have been to every claw fish place in Vegas already. The food in this place is really really.... Soso. Our host lady was very very nice but after that everything just start going down.. The claw fish was very very small and flavor was not there too. Service was slow.. Sorry to say but I like the oraginal hot and juicy way better then this one...
Awesome, awesome, awesome!
Flavorfull beyond belief. Highly recommend the spicey crawfish and the catfish. I had to push the fries away to stop eating them!  Check this place out soon!!!!
in a word...awesome!!  wasn't expecting this to be as good as it was.  exceeded all expectations.  highly recommended for those that love spicy, cajun-style seafood!
one of my favorite places! I love ordering cajun fries and the sweet potato fries are a good addition too! I believe everyone should try this! ;)
So im sure they hate being compared to boiling crab but since I was originally told it was better, I had high expectations. The one person in the group who hadnt been to BC loved it. The whole shebang at bc is definitely better/more garlicky than the hnj. Crawfish at BC was much much better than here. The shrimp is about the same. Mussels were just ok here, sausage was kinda dry, the crab was pretty good. Their louisana sauce was pretty watery but my friend liked it. The fresh oysters were also pretty good.

service - really inattentive. We had to ask multiple times for things like water, missing sides, and to clean up a huge pile of plates we stacked up to be cleared for our second round of ordering. And this was with the restaurant less than half full!
Went here with my Southern family who were visiting from the South. We were HUNGRY, and thought this would really do the trick. The wait to be seated was a bit much since it is a tiny restaurant, the waitress who seated us seemed bothered. However, our original waitress was on point and very friendly. The seafood in the bag all tasted the same no matter what you ordered. It was ok, but I bet I could find better.
Closest thing to New Orleans!
Shrimp-licious - Big, Plump & Juicy! Be prepared to get down and dirty as you feast on bags of hot & juicy seafood. You're in finger lickin' territory! Oh and the sweet potato fries are fried to perfection! Be sure to order them. Nothing you order will go untouched.

Onto the service... They were busy & our service was poor. They messed up the order once and didn't come out with our fries until we were about done with the shrimp. Bathrooms needed attending to as well.

If service was on point, this would def be a 5 star.
Love this place but today the SERVICE  SUCKED! We walked in and a hostess asked how many. She left got our table ready and another server came up to help and sat the wrong people without asking us if we were first.  I complained and they said it will be a couple minutes! Looks like the servers and hostess have a lack of communication!! As for the food Love the lemon pepper seasoning is great. The Seafood came out early but the rest of our order didn't come out til we were just about done eating! Sweet Potato Fries are the best. I usually recommend this place but for this day the service was dissappointing.
My first time at Hot and Juicy was mostly great. The Hot and Juicy sauce is incredible, and the corn soaked in that sauce may be the best corn I have ever had. I had 2lbs of crawfish and in medium Hot and Juicy sauce. Really liked it, though would probably go with shrimp to it is easier to eat next time. My wife and oldest loved the crab and shrimp they had in garlic butter. 

My two younger kids were not as impressed. First, my son's fried shrimp (not the most complicated order) got lost, not once but twice. He got his food nearly 30 minutes after we had gotten ours. Also, my youngest really had a hard time finding something she really liked. It was ok for kids, but probably a better place for adults. 

Overall, very great place to spend Father's Day with my family and our friends and their kids. But communication between servers and kitchen needs to be better. The food came out very inconsistently for all of us over a 10-minute period, let alone the completely unacceptable handling of my son's meal.
This place is awesome! The food is delicious!  Crawfish with lemon pepper seasoning is the best! Justin was a funny a great server.  I would recommend eating at this place if you love seafood
What a perfect name for this place. Hot N Juicy, exactly how everything is. We got the crawfish, whole shrimp and sausage all in the HNJ Special (combination of all the different flavor) seasoning, Fired Catfish basket and Etoufee. All were seasoned and cooked perfectly. There was nothing left when we were done. Great wait staff, they explained the menu well learning we were first time customer. Oh yeah, don't forget to put on your bibs.
Landed in Vegas and went straight to Hot n Juicy Crawfish.. We ordered one lb shrimp with Hot n Juicy Special Mild and a shrimp basket, which had 10 shrimps but no fries. We ordered a side of Cajun fries since the boyfriend doesn't like sweet potato fries. 

Overall, the food wasn't as spectacular a I hoped it would be. Maybe I'm a bit biased since we go to Boiling Crab in the Bay Area. 

The sauce reminded me of a lemon butter sauce with a hint of curry. Even though we ordered mild, it was still spicy. 

The Cajun fries were just regular potato fries and a bunch of Cajun powder dumped on top. Made the top fries spicy and the bottom fries bland. 

The shrimp had too much batter and difficult to chew. 

But the service and music are pretty good. Plus two stars for that.
We really enjoyed our meal here!  We had the clams, shrimp, fried catfish and a few other items.  Every thing from the boils is served in a plastic bag.  In my opinion, the spicier the better.  Don't wear white if you're coming to eat here.  You're gonna get messy.
Went to eat here for a friends birthday. The place was fun, service as fast and if you like seafood its has huge portions. Even the catfish was cooked perfectly. The only thing that sucked was that they didn't splite the checks correctly and we ended up over paying because they wouldn't fix it since we were a big party. Not a big place so make reservations.
My first crawfish experience and it was so much fun!  Initially we went to the other location but the wait was too long, so they directed us to this location.  We waited maybe 5 more mins and then were seated.

The menu offers a variety of seafood in different flavors and spices.  We ordered the crawfish in Hot and Juicy flavor in a medium spicy level and shrimp in the Lemon Pepper flavor, also a medium spicy level and two pieces of corn.  

The food came out quickly and we put on our bibs and got to cracking.  I've never eaten a crawfish before so it was interesting.  It seems like a lot of work for not so much to eat.  But it was fun nonetheless.  After awhile, the spices got too spicy for me (on a medium level).  

Of the two flavors, I definitely like the lemon pepper better.  But the best part of the meal...the corn!!
I absolutely love this place! I've been here many times and it's always a great experience. Love the food, love the ambience, love the service. Our server, Lexi, is great and full of awesomeness. Ask her for a "Freeze Five" the next time she is your server!
My husband really wanted to try this place on our trip to Vegas, and on our way to the original location (on the same road), we saw this one. Thinking our GPS was wrong, we pulled in. No matter as it was just an additional location. Not wanting to eat alot of food, we ordered a pound of crawfish ($10), a pound of snow crab legs ($16), a corn on the cob and half dozen andouille sausage ($3). Service was attentive (by multiple people) and one of the employees showed us how to peel/eat the crawfish. The sauce we chose for the food was garlic butter and it was fantastic. The seafood was tender and flavorful. My hands still smelled like the seasonings after many hand washings. Guess we should have used gloves. Including a beer and soda, the bill was $34 and well worth every bite and broken shell.
I love crawfish and coming from the Midwest you don't get to experience real delicious crawfish. Hot N Juicy was reccommended by a few friends that found this gem while visiting Vegas and being a big seafood lover I said it was a must.

So glad I tried it! We ordered 3lbs of *spicy* seasoned crawfish, spicy sausage, and white rice. They weren't kidding when they said SPICY. My nose was running and my eyes were tearing up, but I kept eating because it became an addiction to me. That hot n juicy of it was so powerful I couldn't let go.

We had great service, all 3 of the employees that serve was were friendly.

I wish we had a HOT N JUICY in CHICAGO! Yummmm!
We finally tried Hot N Juicy last week. We went to the newer location, which is also closer to the strip (Spring Mtn/Valley View vs. Decatur), and slightly less crowded. We were treating my husband's cousin to her birthday dinner. It was her pick, she's been before and enjoys it. She ordered a pound of snow crab (hot & spicy, mild) Dungeness crab is seasonal, supposedly it was in season, but they were out, so we got a pound of snow crab + corn (garlic butter, extra spicy) and crawfish (hot & juicy special, extra spicy).
 
It was my first time eating crawfish whole, I love the tails, but it's so not worth the work or price. $9.99/lb and not even 1/4lb was edible. The snow crab wasn't meaty at all. It made us long for San Francisco or NOLA for that matter. We also had cajun and sweet potato fries. I usually love sweet potato fries but these were limp and bland. We did like the cajun fries they were the spiciest thing we ate. Service was bad. It was a bad beat. $70 later, we were still hungry. Worse yet, our clothes stunk to high heavens afterwards, and the following day we could not get enough to drink. Holy sodium, Batman.
After eating at both locations, the location near Decatur is much tastier, more flavorful, but it is smaller so the wait may be a little longer. However, this location is larger, it seems louder, but the food is not done as well as the original location.
Such a disappointment after being a regular at Boiling Crab... The staff were all good looking though. =D
This place is a must!!!!!

However, go to Costco or Sams Club first to get a huge package of gum and mints.  You will be keeping all vampires and trampires (K-Stew) away for at least a few days......

1 Ambiance - 4 star - for an asian strip mall, where you expect nothing, you get a nice, large place, high ceilings, decent decor, room to wait and plenty of table and chairs. You are in a busy area, so parking is easy / not easy.  It is crowded.

2.  Service - 5 star - Everyone here is young and very pleasant. I think that people here enjoy working here, enjoy explaining the in and out of what to do and how to order. I really enjoy the staff here. 

3  Food - 5 star - Wow, amazing, tasty and an experience that adds to the overall feeling.

a.  Shrimp - Large, tender, juicy, filling, easy to peel.
b.  Crawfish - Well, they are crawfish, eat the tail only, a small bit of meat and tasty, just a lot of work to get to the tiny morsel of meat...
c.  They have plenty of other choices, blue crab, snow crab, dungeness, lobster, mussels and more.  I just stuck to shrimp and crawfish.
d.  Sauces - We try the Lemon Pepper and the Hot Juicy in mild and medium. Yummy and not too hot.  
e.  Quantity - Easy to order more, generally 1 lb of shrimp per person at least and 2 lb of crawfish per person.  you get a potato and corn with 2 lb order of the crawfish!  Doesn't seem like enticing, however, when you are burning calories just to eat, to chow down on a marinated corn or potato is nice and different.

4.  Price - All are market price, however, for three of us eating about 7 - 8 lb of food, I generally spend about 30.00 per person, which is a good deal for seafood.  

5.  Toilets - OK, this place must be owned by an asian person because the toilets need to be modernized or cleaned...  Hey, we are going here for the toilets though......

GK says, great place.  Check it out.
located in a strip mall in las vegas chinatown. so delicious!!
waiters were super helpful w recommendations and service. service was great and restaurant was clean. 

came on a tues afternoon for lunch. we were immediately seated and ordered drinks.

we got 2lb of hot and juicy spiced crawfish mild ( which was actually medium spicy. just as the waiter warned us), a 1.4 lb garlic butter med spicy lobster, and a pound of lemon pepper mild spiced shrimp  ( also rec by waiter... and im so glad we got it). fyi all came heads and shells on in plastic bags so it gets messy... but there is a roll of paper towels at your table. so worth the stains i made on my dress .., thats why they invented shout spray! we also got 3 pieces of corn and a potato and a bowl of rice. oh man crawfish+ rice = amazeballs!!

saw a couple eating the crawfish with plastic gloves on... uh isnt half the fun getting all up in the shellfish and licking the juice off?? 

wished i lived in vegas if only to eat here! everything was on point and fresh.
Food was great as always. But I had a huge problem with the waitress Kayla. She  never came by the table to refill my wife's drink or ask if I wanted another beer. She was easily the worst waitress I've ever had. She was extremely rude and I will not be back to this location due to her incompetence.
I absolutely love this place.  Always come here when I'm in Vegas.  I never visit the LA location though...

I like this place better then boiling crab because it's WAY less oily and the flavor is more intense. 

1 bad thing is that they are always out of blue crab and dungeness crab by late afternoon.  

I always get at least 2 lbs of crawfish, HOT N'Juicy special (do not say whole shabang, the staff doesn't like that) Xtra Spicy... and I mean I like things spicy but they can never get it to where my nose is watering and my mouth is on fire... I guess thats better for my ulcer.

Staff works as a team and they are usually really good about refills and getting your order out to you quickly.  

I always need to be near a bathroom 1-3 hrs after eating at Hot N Juicy though... if ya know what I mean...
I craved Boiling Crab but this is a good alternative when in Vegas. 

Not as good as boiling crab in LA. Corn is too soft. The pound of shrimp didn't have a lot of sauce, which equates to less drenchness of savory dee-lish. 

1 pound gives about 20 shrimps. Dry. Everything is at market price, makes sense since this is the desert. 

Fun for big groups and party. I would go here as both a local or someone not wanting to eat buffets on the Strip.
Only eat crawfish and oysters with a month with an "R" in it and when you get your "R" go here!  Went here completely on a yelp review and glad I did.  Grab the crawfish and don't wear your best white shirt cuz you'll be rubbing your hair in the Hot n Juicy sauce b4 you're done.  They got it down and are expanding watch this one explode!!!!
To top off an eventful Vegas weekend, we decided to come to Hot N Juicy and see how they do cajun seafood in Sin City. To my surprise, this location was not very packed on a Sunday afternoon, and there was plenty of seating, even for our group of 12.

The best bang for your buck at places like this is shrimp. When you get crawfish, you're throwing half of your money away because you can only eat the tail. Not worth it. I got a pound of Hot N Juicy Special Shrimp, Medium Spicy with a side of corn. The shrimp here are a hefty size (I'd say size 16/20) and the sauce is outstanding. I tend to stay away from spicy food, but even Medium was just the right level. If you get mild, the spice is nonexistent. A good combination of flavors that matches the shrimp well. 

The employees are all very friendly and highly efficient. Our orders came out within 10 min and water was constantly refilled. Our waitress, Loreal (Never heard that name before, but that's what my friend said was on her name tag), did a fantastic job with our large group, and managed to throw in a few jokes here and there. It's hard to find real down to earth wait staff these days, but she's an exception. 

Overall, I was left stuffed, barely able to walk, and very satisfied. Best of all, there was no London Blitz to follow it, if you know what I mean.
Great ambiance and great food.  Staff is a little obnoxious...i can get over that for the awesomness of the food.
i noticed that the prices went up. the oysters are always fresh. the shrimp and the spices are yummy and full of flavor. sometimes when i'm feeling extravagant i get the king crab legs. sometimes the king crab legs aren't always fresh and they're rubbery. but the shrimp and crawfish are on point. 
sweet potato fries are the bomb as well as the corn soaked in the sauce. mm! but you'll smell like garlic for the next couple of days. that's not necessarily a bad thing though.
I'm not sure if I get more excited about any other restaurant in Las Vegas, than I do for Hot N Juicy!  This place is amazing!  You can't be a prissy girl and eat at Hot N Juicy.  You are going to get your hands filthy in the most amazing sauces ever, you will not have silverware or even a plate, but rather a plastic table cloth- and you will smell as though you bathed in the garlicky goodness that is the Hot N Juicy sauce!  

I live and breathe for the Hot N Juicy Special- SPICY Snow Crab Legs!! They are my true guilty pleasure!! I always get at least a pound or two and a side of Cajun Fries with extra seasoning, and wash it all down with their super inexpensive beers in a frosty mug.  

I would, and could eat here at least once a week and never get sick of it.  They have a large variety of seafood (and chicken!) so there is something for everyone..
It was a fun experience, I'm not sure if I'd go back because seafood isn't really my thing. Service was alright but had to keep waiting for a water!
Once again my husband requested Hot N Juicy for dinner. I willfully agreed as I was wanting seafood as well. We called the original location... 25 min wait, called here...no wait, so of course we came here. Bigger location then the original, thus more seating and people. We had both the crab and shrimp. As always, taste is excellent. I make it a point to come in late and on a day when I know the next day I will not be out of the house because it will take at least 2 showers and 20 hand washings to get the scent out of your body. Don't get me wrong the taste is well worth it!
The onle pet peeve that I had was that once again the waitress we had we practically had to chase down to get what we needed.I know that it gets busy, but having to flag them down sucks. Kinda makes you not want to order more and just ask for the check. I think next time, we will wait for a table at the original location.
.
ok..if you DO NOT like seafood, DO NOT go here..
It smells....
It's like watching people who have never seen food before..EVERYTHING IS WITH YOUR HANDS..SUPER MESSY!
ALL their food INCLUDING the cheese sticks and corn on the cobb are MADE IN SEAFOOD spices!!! YES including the kids chicken nuggets..it ALL tastes like FISH!!

I left there and my entire outfit smelled of fish/seafood/crawfish/shrimp/crabs...and my hair...ugg took me 2 days to get the smell gone...

My family enjoyed the food, portions seemed reasonable...but again IF YOU DO NOT LIKE SEAFOOD, the look, the smell or the taste..DO NOT GO THERE!!!!!!!!

I do have to point out..my waiter was awesome and apologized...told me where I could get chicken and bring it in the restaurant, but the smell killed my appetite..that's ok..I don't need to eat anyways!
I used to look forward to Boiling Crab before I tried this. Now it's 1 of go to spots whenever I'm in Vegas. The sauce just seems way better.
Just had dinner here last night w/ the gals!!!!  Awesome as always and we had some newbies w/ us & got them hooked. Already hungry again and planning our next visit!!!!
The food here is always AMAZING.  You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.  The seafood is always fresh, reasonably priced, and prepared perfectly, in a sauce tailored to your specific taste in terms of just how hot n spicy you want it.  

In addition, the staff is incredible.  Always friendly, always helpful.  Although I am a frequent customer, and all my servers are always super professional, last night Servers MATT and ALEX totally went over the top in customer service.  Of course, their service during the meal was perfect, but also, when I came back 30 minutes after having left, looking for something valuable that I had left behind, sure enough, MATT and ALEX were there ensuring that my valuables were perfectly safeguarded.  And, not even a drop of Hot N Juicy Sauce got on them.  GREAT JOB MATT AND ALEX.  And THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!
We have eaten at both restaurants on Spring Mountain.  We liked the larger restaurant better, but both are great.  The shrimp was of high quality, and tasted great.  The off the strip restaurants are worth the trip.  More economical and better food!  We will be back!
The Portions on shrimp appeared a little skimped this time around, or it may be cc and be are giving bigger portions. Overall, it's as expected.
READ FIRST: DO NOT get the crawfish! I know It's a bit ironic, but they are TINY and can barely get anything out of them.

Now onto the review. I visited the original place in LV a while back and thought the place was decent. Well, this location gives the whole concept a nice face lift with a spacious and casual dining room and a cool-looking bar you can seat at if you are by yourself. Being a saucy peel-and-eat seafood place, please expect a messy experience...and table, and hands, bib, etc. This is a unique eating experience to be shared with friends over a few beers, as long as everyone at the table is willing to work a bit for their food (peeling can be tedious).

I ordered the lemon pepper shrimp with no oil (I was actually impressed the cooks prepared my order fat-free) and my girl ordered the butter garlic crawfish. The seasoning was very good but a bit spicy, specially if you are not into spicy foods at all. My pound of shrimp was very flavorful and each shrimp was plump and perfectly cooked. On the other hand, the pound of crawfish was awful- tiny crawfish with little or no meat in them...A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. I cannot say this enough...JUST GET THE SHRIMP!

Important tips:
* Be ready for a messy experience. If you do not like eating with your hands and perhaps getting splashed with shrimp sauce, this place is not for you.

* Get the shrimp and not the crawfish. Also, get two pounds of it if you are hungry.

* They charge 60 cents for a tiny potato! You are better off getting some rice on the side.

* Expect to spend about $15 per person.

* Even no spicy IS a bit spicy.
after trying boiling crab in LA.. we decided to try hot n juicy since it seems some what similar.. parking is easy since there is a big parking lot.. 

order few lbs of shrimp, few lbs of Crawfish, sweet potato fries, fried catfish... for the shrimp and Crawfish we had half of it with the garlic butter sauce and the other half with hot n juicy special sauce.. 

to me the food is below average..  the flavors here is just OK.. only order i really enjoyed was just the fried cat fish..

i probably would not come back here if i were to return and visit Vegas..
if you want seafood with lots of spices/flavor then this is your place. my friend and my brother both raved about it but honestly it might have been all the work that sucked all the life out of me. its great if i lived there but i prefer my seafood fried or grilled and not requiring labor. you should go at least once but maybe its the redneck in me that prefers my seafood grilled or fried preferably with a tub of tartar sauce

the sides are nothing to shout home about. great service from our polish waitress though

JEANS: OK by far
ORDER: by waitress
Be ready to get messy, juicy juice on your face, goodness under your finger nails, the list goes on.  In the end, it's worth it.  Just be sure you do not have paper cuts on your hands, you'll definitely get a sting, but it's so good that you ignore it and keep eating.  I read a handful of reviews and aside from the crawfish, many recommended the fried shrimp. Of course it was ordered and they were definitely right.  The cornmeal batter was not piled on the butterflied shrimp so that it's lost.  Another thing too is the batter stuck to the shrimp. It came out piping hot, enjoyed every bit of it.

Showtime.  I decided to go with 2 pounds of the crawfish, hot and juicy special sauce and I went with medium spice level.  I asked the server for spicy, but she highly recommended medium because it's rather spicy.  I was hesitant at first since, but fine, I went with it, what do I know. I chose or well, she did, correctly.  The hot and juicy special sauce was full of fresh garlic, delicious!  I ordered a side of rice, piled on the sauce into the rice bowl, highly recommended.  The crawfish was hit or miss.  I say this because some were larger than others, some where cooked right, some were so overcooked, the tail had zippy in it.  Regardless, it was still an experience and worth it.  Twist, suck, pull, chomp.

Service was good as busy as this place was.  Beers are cheap, can't complain.  Highly recommended to visit your local Hot N Juicy.  Expect your fingers to smell like sea when you leave, it's definitely worth it.  My paper cuts on my fingers healed the next day, thank you very much.
Shrimp were yummy.  Fun place for large groups.  My girlfriend enjoyed the crawfish and clams.  She thought the shrimp were the best.
This is a place you must visit! My husband and I tried it for the first time today and are coming back next time we're in the area. We have never had anything like it, it was very messy, but that was half the fun. I suggest the mussels, and snow crab in the garlic sauce, you can get different levels of spicy too which was great. We weren't crazy about the sides but the service was great. Ask for Sarah, she was upbeat, bubbly, and very attentive. Overall we loved it and cant wait to come back!
Man I ate everything bomb.com
Being from the South I am a HUGE fan of anything Cajun related. Crawfish fall firmly under this heading ergo...

Went in on a Saturday night and the place was half full, but filling up fast. Got a great table with enough room so we could peel some crawfish and drink some beer. The place is clean and nice and has a family feel to it, namely because of the large tables for groups. 

Sat down and immediately ordered crawfish, oysters, mussels and dungeness crab. We also ordered some beer. Their selection is small and disappointing, but if you like domestics and Sapporo you should be okay. 

Very quickly out come bags of crawfish. They were tiny, but that was sort of okay because I knew that they were out of season. Still you're really paying for a lot of body and very little meat this time of year.

I ordered mine very spicy, you can choose how you want them seasoned. I wanted them to burn, which they did. The friend I was with got his mild and they were okay. I'm a huge fan of hot, so. We also got the mussels which were my very, very favorite. I could have just eaten them. They had this nice, garlic-y sauce and were tender and tasty! The oysters weren't tops shelf, I probably would never get them from here again, but put a little cocktail sauce on them and they're edible. Also ordered the dungeness crab. WASTE. DO NOT BUY. It was probably the worst waste of $30 I've ever spent and just thinking about it upsets me. You get a huge crab with big legs and you crack it open and the meat is mealy. You don't pull it out in big, chunky pieces, it actually can be gotten out with a spoon. If the company I had been with wasn't so awesome I would have pitched a FIT. Gross.

The service here is pretty sporadic. One minute they're fawning over you, next twenty minutes you're asking where the beer is you've asked for five times. 

I probably won't ever go back here, but it was nice to see what the (over) hype was about.

Edited to add: If you're expecting Louisiana crawfish you will be disappointed, this tastes nothing like it. It's their own made up something that is decent, but NOT cajun. Also, they give you gloves if you don't want  your hands to smell fishy for three days - that was a nice touch.
I absolutely LOVE this place. The food is amazing and the staff is great. You must try the garlic shrimp. YUMM!!!!!
The seafood and dining experience was great!  We ordered the crawfish and snow crab and it came out perfect. We were very impressed. Will definitely come again when we're back in town!

Oh and Phil is the shit!! :)
Just as good as the original, but larger.  No two-hour wait this time.  Best seafood in Vegas.
I was excited to try the Hot n Juicy Crawfish in Vegas and I'm so glad I finally got to. It was definitely worth it!

We came on a Sunday night and luckily there was no wait. My friends and I all ordered a lb of shrimp of our own with the hot n juicy sauce. Service was quick and friendly. Our order came out and soon after that, an order of rice was put on our table.. but none of us ordered rice? It turned out that it was their mistake so they gave us the rice portion free of charge. Granted that rice doesn't cost much, but hoorah for friendly service. The shrimp were large in size and the sauce was good. Not too salty or heavy and perfect in flavor. All three of us decided that this was better than Boiling Crab. Definitely worth the 15$ taxi ride there and back to the strip.
We did not eat all day...so we went to H&J and had the best spicy shrimp and crawfish!!! Should have ordered the extra spicy...very fast and friendly service
I came here a while ago with a group of friends kinda predisposed. I had heard that you need to peel and break everything and that the food is brought in bags and you get stuff all over yourself. This is not my idea of a good time BUT the group I was with had already decided to eat here. We arrived and the place was packed! 

With this in mind, I decided to go with a basketof chicken nuggets and sample food my husband and friends ordered. I was right, I am not a fan. People in the group ordered several seasonings, lemon pepper, cajun, etc. I found that once you peeled the shrimp, they didn't really taste to anything. i would have preferred the shrimp be peeled first then cooked with the seasonings. Everybody at the table enjoyed thei food so, I just figure it's just not my type of place.
If you're from So-Cal like me, don't be fooled by the Man vs. Food hype!!

ALL of our good crawfish joints in Orange Country are waaaayyy better than Hot N Juicy by far. At most this place (at least on the day I visited) is a 2/2.5 stars. I had a hard time deciding whether to give this place 1 or 2 stars. I decided on 1 because of its location in Vegas.....VEGAS standards need to be a little higher.

I tried Hot N Juicy during my last visit to Vegas mid December 2012 because a friend wanted to check it out. They had a large banner out front advertising the fact that the restaurant was featured on Man vs. Food.

I really wanted to like this place because come on, we're in VEGAS, there are so many good restaurants we could have had our farewell Vegas meal at...so I did not want to be disappointed.

There was a bunch of random broken parts in our bag....Hot N Juicy needs to toss those pieces out! I found the sauce to be too salty.  I thought the food was overpriced.
Perfect service music & even frozen crawfish was good!
I really wanted to have a whole crab so I rolled into this place. They did deliver a fresh dungeness crab; although, at a price. A price you wouldn't know if you didn't think to ask up front.

Now, apparently according to some folks, if you see a price for crab or lobster on a board you assume it's per pound. Sure, maybe I've been living under a rock but if I see a price next to dungeness crab and there isn't "/lb" or "per pound" next to it, I'm going to think it's the price of the crab.  If you look at the menu it says "market price" but I've never read anything in economics advising that the unit of measure is always by pound. 

I've ordered seafood at many places, fish markets, casual and fine dining, from across the country and I have never been uncertain about what I was going to pay at the end. For example, at R & D in Newport Beach, they list fish as "market price" but the server will tell you exactly what the whole plate will cost.

Now, I can't say what would've happened if I had known it was per pound and asked the server how much it's going to weigh, but it's a nasty surprise to somebody who didn't know how "these places" work. Nobody should have to make this mistake just to find out. Would it be that difficult to add per pound to the board or menu?  I can't recommend you eat here at Hot N Juicy Crawfish because if you aren't certain about how much you're going to get or what you're going to pay for it, it's not fair.
Crawfish in Vegas!!
had cravings after all the partying, gambling and drinking i was doing.
really good.
Tasty but really messy! ;)
Friday night wasn't too crowded at 6pm.  I had the snow crab in hot n juicy sauce, medium spiciness.  Server said it was tabasco-like hotness but it really wasn't.  I'll get a spicier one next time.  The server was really nice.  The place is clean.  The crabs were cooked well.  The crab meat wasn't sticking to the shell.  My dinner was $21, this included 1lbs crab, corn & soda.  Will definitely come back.
Took a friend from Maine who was blown away by H&J. I had 1lb snow crab in lemon pepper and 1lb shrimp in H&J sauce. Friendly staff and casual atmosphere. Perfect place to smash some crab legs.
Great fast, friendly service, great seafood, fun environment enough said!
I'm not a huge fan of crawfish, but I'd choose this place over boiling crab. The sauces are better.
Disappointed.  Go to boiling crab instead.
Great place to go for crawfish in Vegas!  I like it better than Boiling Crab, not sure if it's better than Red Crawfish, though.

Definitely go to this location vs the one up the street.  Larger space, shorter wait.

If you like spicy foods, go for the Spicy or Extra Spicy option.  I ordered a pound of crawfish and half a pound of shrimp.  I definitely prefer the crawfish.  All of the seafood is fresh, but the shrimp seemed too meaty, and less sweet to me (maybe it was just that shipment).  But if you're a shrimp only person, you may not notice the difference.
NOM NOM NOM!!!  HOT N JUUUUICY! SO good. But for the name, hot n juicy CRAWFISH, I would SKIP the crawfish! I've tried the frozen AND the fresh and it just seems like a waste...  I do prefer this place over Boiling Crab! We usually get snow crab legs, shrimp and oysters on the half shell. Our go to sauce is the Hot N Juicy Medium. Nice and spicy and flavorful. They offer you gloves for your hands but they are the big loose ones so I just opt out of those - they have a roll of paper towels on your table so you're pretty good with using those and then a quick trip to the bathroom to wash it all off. One of the sinks you have to keep pressing for water which is quite annoying because your hands are pretty messy afterwards so if they have two sinks that just stayed ON, it would be much better! 
You do have a garlic taste in your mouth for at least a day after eating here but that's the price you pay for buttery garlicy goodness! NOM!
It isnt as busy on weekday night. This is the second time we visited this place.
Definitely a better experience and the food did not disappoint.

Please don't be a newbie.. ROLL up your long-sleeves before digging in! I got too excited. Our server Giana was so kind enough to help me... because NO ONE in our table cared enough to help me (too BUSY eating??!)

The Dungeness Crab is Market Price (the market was high that night at 29.99 (approx 1.5 lb) for one BIG crab though.. I wished the stock market price was the same way!

Definitely cheap eats (AND better!) than at a fancy seafood place on the strip.
Hot N Juicy } BC ANYDAY.

I'd come to eat here despite the summer weather.

There's a parking lot out front with tons of spaces, and the wait was short.
Waitresses were super nice, we took awhile deciding what we wanted cause we had a big group and she let us take our time.

I personally feel like Hot N Juicy's taste is way better than BC.

I really wish they opened one in northern Cali!!!

I had a memorable time here and will never forget Hot N Juicy. I think we took the cab here from our hotel from the strip but going back was WORK. I totally forgot that cabs don't stop for you on the side of the road, but I didn't know that applied anywhere else too...
SO... the whole group walked back to the strip all the way from Chinatown.
It was CRAZY. I just knew what direction to walk towards and we literally walked on the freeway. 

I would gladly do it again for Hot N Juicy though.
I have never been to a restaurant were you wear a bib and eat with your hand. This was definetly a place were wearing your finest cloths might not be a good idea. I ordered the hot n juicy special and it was really good. They hand you a plastic bag with your food and you chow down. I got the shrimp and I like the fact that you can order how many pounds you wanted. I would definetly recommend this to anyone that loves sea food and doesn't mind eating with their hand and getting messy.
I normally eat at the other location but parking there sucks and if you arent lucky enough to find a parking space you can drive the mile down the road to the new location there is plenty of space there.

Of course be prepared for horrible customer service. Outside of being sat right away we didnt see our servers but once every 30 mins and that was because we stood up and waved one down when our drinks were empty.

After our meal was done it was another 10 mins before our bill came and we had to ask for it twice.

This store is laid out better and you dont feel like you are sitting on top of the people next to you.

The food is still top notch. Gloriously spicy and delicious. Almost perfect...I say almost only because they dont serve something to cool you down afterwards. A simple soft serve ice cream machine with one or two flavors would make this a perfect dinning experience but 98.5% is good enough for me!
Arguable when comparing to Boiling Crab, but personally, I prefer BC.

HJ is certainly much more juicier and spicier and though I did not give anything else but shrimps a try, I was disappointed.

For one, once I peel off the shell of the shrimps, there is remaining meat that is the size of a fingernail. I like to eat big so that was disappointing. It was a lot spicier for I was struggling with my life to diffuse the spices in my mouth.

On the other hand, the fries were as good as you get anywhere else. Like I always say, if you mess up on fries, something is wrong with you.

In conclusion, I prefer Boiling Crab. It's just preferential that I like my shrimps larger. But I give HJ 3 stars because they do a good job in explaining their styles and overall good service. Nevertheless, I don't see myself coming back here for enjoyment purposes.
Came here twice in two days. Came here all the way from uk and you didn't disappoint me at all. I wasn't keen on the hot n juicy special But my husband loved it. I loved the lemon pepper. We tried crawfish shrimps clams lobster crab legs oysters soft she'll crab... highly recommended the lobster and shrimps.
Also I left a $15 cash tip, which I wanted to give to our waitress polina..  But she said she couldn't accept. However if I mentioned it on here the company may give her the tip direct...
Just wanted to thank her for her amazing service
Waited 18 months since watching man v food to come here, and feel like squeezing in another trip before I head back to uk on Sunday
This place used to be good. The food quality has gone down big, no taste at all. We ordered crawfish and shrimp, both had a very bland taste and it was supposed to be the hot n juicy special medium. The staff that night acted like they didn't like their jobs. That visit may have been my last as the Boiling Crab is the other option.  Hot n Juicy needs to step up their game.
I just want to say the food is good and that is the only reason why I will come back and why I stayed last night. I just want to say customer service at this location is HORRIBLE! I went to the other location and they told me this one will have no wait so I came here. I waited 30 min for a seat. As I entered the two girls in the front did not greet me once. Didn't even say hi. As i approached to give them my name they said one min twice to me. I patienly wait. Three couple came in AFTER me and they were ALL seated first. I was so furious I kept my mouth shut so I wouldn't make a scene in front of my girlfriend. Luckily the food is great but service is absolutely horrible
Fantastic experience! You must try the craw fish, but also get a good taste of their crab legs and/or the mussels also served in a boil bag dumped on your table with corn and potatoes - order them "sweet & spicy" style... attach bib and enjoy!
Such a different style of meal! I always look forward to this when in Vegas! Get the garlic blend! So delicious! Sometimes there is a long wait.. But what do you expect for good food :)
Omigoodness! My friend and I held our own competition between HnJ and BC. I read reviews of both places and after much research, careful review and taste, Hot n Juicy takes the cake...hands down!

The service here is awesome! I came in and put my name in to be seated. The lady told me how long the wait was, which was not that long, and I sat down and observed the others delve into their bags. Then when the time came for my friend and I to be seated, our waitress was right there ready to take our order. I asked some questions and she had answers to all of them. She was super nice and told me her honest opinion of some of the food. I decided to get what I got at BC to make a fair decision, so I ordered two pounds of the snow crab legs. One lb in medium and 1 lb in mild. My friend ordered 2 lb of crawfish in medium as well. And off she went to put our order. 

From the tome we put or order in, to the time our food was in front of me was probably around ten min. At BC it was linger and I had to check to make sure my order was still on the way. My friends food came out first. Luckily, she waited for mine to come out and then we began stuffing our faces. Holy goodness and juiciness! At BC, I had to fight to get to the meat and it wasn't as sweet or juicy, but not here. The crab legs were tender, sweet, juicy and hot! I had to slow myself down and savor the moment. I didn't want it to end. I also ordered corn, which was marinating in the sauce. So tasty!  The corn itself was boiled to perfection, then sitting in the sauce was even better! Medium is hot if you dip the meat in it like I did. The waterworks began because it was a bit hot, but good. I dipped the legs in the medium then mild after a few. I ate some of the crawfish too and that was really juicy as well. Some of them were a bit small, but still yummy. Our lady checked in with us a few times and each time I had no words, but nods because I was so into my food, and my mouth was full. I was already eating with my hands, to speak with food in my mouth would be throwing manners completely out the window.  By the end of our meal, I was ready to pass out. All worth smelling like garlic for the rest of the night and into the next day. 

The place has an open layout. They have booths, tables and chairs. Flat screen tv's hang on the walls and they also play music. The noise level is pretty high, but that's to be expected. 

I will be back here! Some may not like it because you eat with your hands and all the sauce and juice is just popping and flying. But they do offer gloves and a bib. So not to worry. This type of stuff you miss when you're not there. How can you beat the service, juicy food and hip atmosphere? Well, you don't.
I have tried twice now to go here for lunch.  The 2nd time in particular was bad customer  service. Very rude when I showed up at 11:55am.  Will not be trying a 3rd time.
Busy for a Wednesday night at 9pm. Tonight we ordered shrimp, crab, clams, and mussels a pound of each. Normally the shrimp is the first to come out but we ended waiting just about 30 minutes for my husbands shrimp, while everything else was brought to our table in a matter of 10 minutes; due to the fact I seen one of the servers bring our order of shrimp to a different table and when she was told it was the wrong order, instead of asking the other servers if another table ordered it she just brought it back to the kitchen.  Asked a server about it and she said she would check on it. She came back to refill our drinks and again said she would check on it, asked another server about it and our order was finally done. My husband and I are too polite to complain, because at the end are bellies are still satisfied ;)
I only come to Vegas for this place and this location.  I have not ever been to the other one but don't want to risk my Shrimp Basket being prepared different...

Love this place and our server was Fantastic...I can't remember her name, but she was a sweety...wrote huge Happy Birthday and Thank You on our bill and circled the gratuity that was charged to us.  We had NO PROBLEM!!! SHE WAS GREAT!!!
There was a 15 - 20 minute wait and this was expected. The ambiance is very casual at Hot N Juicy. It's also very loud on a Friday night, but I presume it's loud here on every evening. I am a huge fan of eating with my hands and I do love myself a "different" eating experience, so I am a little sad to be giving this location its rating. It had been my first time dining at this location and the other, I was very fond of. The food had noticeably less flavor, sweet potato fries were a little burnt, our server misheard an order or two of ours, but they handled it fairly well and my party was grateful for that. I really do prefer the other location, but the food is good and it's a great place to go to with friends.
You sick and tired of the regular food in Vegas?

Come to Hot N Juicy!! To eat yo seafood crawfish, crab and shrimp. Very affordable and very delicious.

I think I spent more money on getting a cab there and back to my hotel then eating there. Will definitely go there next time I am in Vegas!!!!
Did I really just eat what I just ate?  Wow.

Immediately you have the bib put on you.  You then order everything by the bag.  They claim that their super spicy is really spicy, but this is not the case.  Don't be afraid to eat spicy, it is the best sauce.of the bunch.  Also sprinkle a little bit of lemon on everything and you will not be disappointed.

Don't eat here if you don't want to get covered in sauce.

In addition to the bib, they also give you gloves.  Everything you eat is covered in sauce and nothing is shelled.  You gotta know that you will get dirty, but it is worth it.  

We ordered crab, crayfish, breaded catfish, and shrimp.  The shrimp was by far my favorite.  Order extra shrimp and don't waste your money on the crab.  You only get two wimpy crabs for the same price as you get 25-30 shrimp.

Also order the corn fritters.  They are very good.

Again, this place was a really nice change of pace from where we had eaten in Vegas previously.  The prices were good, we all ate for under $18 a person, which was really reasonable.
I realized when I walked into the restaurant last night to meet my friend for dinner that I've actually only been to HNJ once before, and at least 4 years ago at the old location.  I also realized that it was then that I first had this type of food but honestly I don't remember that experience at all.  This time however, I'm sure I'll remember as it was AWESOME!  This location is cute with brick walls and booths, as well as tables that aren't squished together.  There are a number of flat screens along the walls but I honestly didn't even notice them.  We got a booth right away and our server was great.  She brought our waters, answered all our questions, and took our orders and it was all seamless.  

We ordered a pound of shrimp, clams, 1/2 dozen sausage, 2 corns and some potatoes.  Everything came out within 15 minutes.  We were really impressed by the size of both the shrimp and the clams.  The clams were nice and plump and cooked perfectly.  They weren't rubbery at all, quite the opposite.  Also, the shrimp were cooked perfectly as well, which I was really happy about because both the last times I went to Boiling Crab, the shrimp were over cooked and tough.

I also found myself loving the HNJ sauce more than the "Whole Shebang" at BC.  It was much more flavorful and not as thick so it coated all the seafood evenly.  Everything was served really hot so you never felt like you were eating cold seafood.

Our server constantly refilled our waters and was really friendly. After being a BC fan for this long, I'm totally switching teams.  Team HNJ all the way!
Probably the simplest yelp review I will ever do.  The atmosphere is fun and come with friends you're bound to enjoy yourself in it's generally loud chow area when it's packed.  Most often than not I just come here for shrimp.  Generally their sauces are good, but I'm a Cali kid and so my heart has a soft spot for BC.  3 of 5
I prefer this location to the older/original only because there is less of a wait and more spacious. I also tend to be a little claustrophobic when I am eating.

I always have a go-to when coming here: Crawfish w/ The Hot & Juicy Special in HOT. Muy caliente. Be careful, Hot will get your sinuses running and that's only a level 3 (out of 4)- Trust me, I like my food spicy! Medium also has a kick to it.

I love that sauce, so much that I will usually order fries to use to soak up the excess. Corn is also delish slathered in that sauce. I also always ask for lemon, salt, pepper- must be an Asian thing.

Crawdaddies don't really fill me up so I will usually order some shrimp as well. They don't really seem to absorb the sauce as well though...

Everything served here is finger food and very casual. I caved in and started wearing the plastic bibs offered- can't risk staining my clothes. It's bad enough that the smell of garlic permeated anything that enters the premise. I literally have to wash the insides of my nose with soap when I get home or I will be smelling garlic for the next couple of days.

I also remember entering a contest and being a finalist in their 2012 calendar, I forgot what the perks were, but it would've been nice to  win and maybe get free crawfish out of it. lol
Had a craving for good crawfish so stopped by here for dinner.  I didn't have to wait long for a table for 2.

Our waitress greeted us right away and took our order.  I ordered 2 lbs of non spicy Hot n Juicy special.  Came out pretty quickly so that's a plus.  I guess if you in Vegas, then this is probably the place to go to.  Fortunately, back in VA, we have something similar to this place and the sauces are a little bit better IMO.

Overall, great crawfish and service here.  Will come back next time I am in Vegas.
Much nicer and cleaner than the original location down the street and more space between tables. The food is just as good. Who doesn't love seafood in plastic bags? A friend and I shared half a dozen oysters, a pound of crawfish, a pound of shrimp, a pound of Alaskan king crab legs, and a pound+ of dungeness crab. We had no problem devouring all that. If price wasn't an issue we would have ordered more. Despite this chain's appearance of looking like a dive it isn't exactly cheap. 

The king crab legs in the mild garlic butter sauce were the clear winners of the night. The dungeness crab was pretty tasty as well but required more work. I've never been much of a fan of crawfish. There's just too much work for so little meat. I'll stick to the other stuff next time.
For the last 6 months ive been hitting up HOT n JUICY atleast 3 times a month. Im still not burned out from there food haha. Every time we hit it up we would alwayse order something different from the menu and each time we are never disapointed. The sauce here is soooooo yummy, that I sometime order the sauce to go so I could eat it with rice the next day. I love this location alot better than the first one cause its not as busy, you don't have to wait 40 mins to be seated:) I personally can not stand waiting more than 20 mins nomatter how good the food is. This location got my stamp of approval :)
I usually go to the original spot because I always think the OG is better. Unfortunately, our taxi driver dropped us off at the wrong one. Since we were already here, we might as well try it. This was my parents' first time trying this spot so I wanted them to have a great time. 

The spot was definitely more spacious than the original, which was good. Our greeter was very accommodating and sat as relatively quickly. Unfortunately, our server ended up being this tattooed chick, Cam. Bad luck. Right off the bat, she was not very friendly and seemed to rush us. Since it was my parents' first time, I wanted them to take their time to inspect the menu. I ended up ordering for all of us. She was rushing like she had somewhere else to go, even though the place wasn't too packed. The wait was not very long but things were missing. I constantly had to ask for things like crab crackers, missing orders, and she probably only refilled our drinks once. Our waitress was more concerned about hugging her friends that came in than doing her job. I had to ask servers from other tables for refills, additional orders, etc because when we wanted anything, Cam was nowhere to be found. 

By the time we finished eating we were still missing rice and another order. I decided to cancel those because who knows when I would get them. I don't usually appreciate bad service, but I'm especially concerned when I'm trying to introduce my parents to a new place on their anniversary. The food was good but the service we received from Cam that day was horrible! Because of this, I will stick to going only to the original spot from now on. If my parents didn't enjoy the food I would've taken it down 2 more stars.

Hot n Juice = good
Cam = horrible
I absolutely LOVE Hot N' Juicy Crawfish. I honestly prefer this over Boiling crab.. Their sauce is perfect! Boiling crab is really good too, but it's oilier compared to Hot N' Juicy. H&J's sauce is thick and goes perfectly with some steamed rice. Eat that ish with yo hands village style, straight from the table! cause it tastes better that way.

I find myself craving H&J alllllllllll the time! 

The reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because BC has their seasoned fries and catfish/shrimp basket on LOCK. if you've never had it, it's a must try over there.

Also, I've had a bad oyster here before, and had severe stomach pains... I didn't know it was bad because I've never had a bad oyster before, but when that excruciating pain kicked in, I knew it was that last oyster I had right away. It tasted really bad too, but I just swallowed it quickly as a natural impulse. (that's what she said!)

I would still come back of course, I love hot n' juicy, but owners, if you're reading this, please make sure you train your staff well enough to differentiate bad oysters vs good ones. 

Until next time H&J.. I will be dreaming about dat sawwwwwwse.
What a unique, fun, and delicious way to enjoy seafood!  For those that can't stand their food looking at them, beware.  The shrimp are whole and the heads, legs, tails, and shells must be removed before consumption.  I'd get over it quickly, because the seafood is delicious and I don't think you could go wrong with any of the sauce/spice combos.  Grab a cab, make the trip, and enjoy some of the best seafood in the area!
I LOVED the food from Hot N Juicy Crawfish.  I loved the spice of the sauce, the fun of eating with my hands (gloves on of course), wearing a plastic bib....oh yeah and the food.  The crawfish was spot on and delish, the corn and potatoes were amazing drenched in the sauce...angels played harps in my head as I ate each bite.  The fried catfish was dirty tasting just the way a good fried catfish should be, and the Cajun fries were incredible.  

With all that said, the whole "good for kids" part of yelp that says yes should have a discriminating clause that says not for 20 month old toddlers in a booster seat.  3 spilled drinks, dirty hands in plastic gloves, and an untied down toddler made for an interesting experience to say the least.  I will be back with my appetite sans offspring for another few pounds of boiled shellfish heaven.
Wow....I am an addict of H&J now.  To be honest I didn't think H&J would be better than Boiling Crab but holy moly it sure was way better.  Less oily but still very buttery delicious and flavorful! Thank you
Not sure if it was because I went with a huge expectation but it was a let down... not to mention that I had my heart set on going to boiling crab but the taxi driver was more familiar with this location that we opted out for it.  Its playful and fun eating with your hands and the flavor was good but It was not a wow factor for me.  Ended up eating more fries than anything.
Pretty simple review. if you've had boiling crab, its similar. 
Beware of the sodium content though. Just like any other crawfish place, it has lots of salt so drink plenty of water. (and be ready for sodium overdose) 
Service was good, food was good, fair price.
MAN do i LOVE this place :). Finally, a restaurant that KNOWS spicy. Be ready to get down and dirty! They provide you with bibs, plenty of paper towels, and wet naps because you will be splashing sauce everywhere and using a lot of your hands.

I recommend the shrimp and lobster. Of course the lobster is the most expensive; however, once in a while it's SOOO worth the money. The clams are fantastic as well. My regular order is a pound of shrimp and a pound of snow crab legs EXTRA EXTRA spicy with 2 corn on the cob, a bowl of rice, and occasionally the order of lobster but that's rare because I don't want to spend a fortune every time I'm there $$$. The Hot n Juicy special sauce is by far my favorite, but the cajun is fantastic as well. I usually do one of each. They also have fresh oysters for appetizers, and you can also choose from blue crab, king crab, mussels, and of course, crawfish for your main course ;). 

The service is always great because the staff works as a team, so there is almost always somebody to refill your water, grab you more plastic gloves, etc.. 


**HERE'S AN IMPORTANT TIP!**: you WILL stink of garlic after this meal. Possibly for over a day! The food is worth it, but don't go here before your work shift, the gym, or a night out with friends because nobody will appreciate your stench! A thorough shower afterwards is crucial!

Overall, I love visiting Hot N Juicy for the fun environment, quick and attentive service, the killer spicy cajun flavors, and to get full off of a ton of seafood! As much as I enjoy Boiling Crab, HnJ is still on top mostly because of their sauces. HnJ has more of a kick and intense flavors.
I've been wanting to try this place for the longest time! After many visits to las vegas, I finally was able to make the time to make a stop by Hot N' Juicy before heading home. Most people prefer Pho to cure their hangovers of course but I made it a point to try this before going back home this trip.

I was never a huge fan of Crawfish but I am definitely a fan now! I've tried Crawfish at Boiling Crab and it never stuck to me the way Hot & Juicys did. I usually order Shrimp but after trying Hot & Juicys Crawfish, I've gotten a whole new perspective of cajun food. Their Crawfish was flavorful, soft and melts in your mouth type of seafood. Definitely worth the extra hardwork to peel for those little things!

I did try their shrimp and I did not enjoy it very much. It seemed bland and the flavor was lacking. The shrimp just didn't seem as fresh as boiling crabs. I will just have to eat Crawfish at Hot N' Juicy from here on out but definitely worth it.

The service was good, they had a friendly staff and they were aware of their customers which I liked. 4/5 because it was great but the only downside was the Shrimp. Will be back for the Crawfish though!
My favorite place in earth!!! Lemon pepper spicy shrimp, corn, and rice is what I always get. This deserves 300 stars!! It's so different from any other restaurants. Bringing a date here is highly recommended cuz you will find out ASAP if your date is down for anything.
The last time I went before last night,  they had ESPN on. Can't miss my OKC game! Sweet!!!  I've always been satisfied every time I come here.  I like the food and definitely the service.

So last night, my BFF and I had a talk over crab legs, sausage and shrimps which were delicious.  Our server was extremely patient since it took us a while to decide what we want to eat.  A pile of dirty plastic gloves and bibs later, my friend and I were still chatting away but we didn't feel like we were being rushed to get out already when our server said, "lemme clean the table so you can continue talking without getting anything dirty".   They're taking pictures of diners now to post on Instagram.  Then the BFF decided to embarass me to death by having a male server come to our table and ask him odd questions!  He was very nice though and wasn't ticked off or anything like that.  That is one true test of the great service here!
After visiting this restaurant my wife, cousin and their kids were very ill.  We know this is where she got her sickness because we went there with 12 people and the ones that ate the shrimp and snow crab were the only ones sick. Went to the hospital and they diagnosed them with Campylobacter jejuni....BACTERIA FOUND IN FECES!   Doctor said its probably due to employees not washing hand after handling raw foods or using the washroom.  DISGUSTING!!!!
absolutly awsome place! great prices! I perfer over the boiling crab
As good as advertised but the only thing bad is just the lines and waiting because everyone that visit Vegas has to come by here to eat it at least once so there's always a wait. But it's def worth it
This place is the real deal. Im from New Orleans currently living in Colorado so I complain about seafood whenever I get the chance. Saw Hot n Juicy on Man Vs. Food and wanted to try it. The crawfish are cooked perfectly and did in fact taste as though they were flown in from Louisiana every morning. I asked the server which part but he didn't know.  
    The spices I tried were the traditional Louisiana and the Hot n Juicy special, both with medium spice. They were both excellent. The traditional is very similar to the crawfish boils I use to have in the backyard with my family. I initially got two pounds but then got another two pounds after that. At 10 bucks a pound, be prepared to spend about $60.00 for two people. 
    We also tried the sausage and sweet potatoe fries, again both were great. The fries were made to order and the sausage was very flavorful. My only complaint is that the potato that the comes with the crawfish (if you order two pounds) is very plain. It tasted like they boiled it by itself and then just threw it in with the crawfish. But anyone from New Orleans knows that the potatoes must be boiled with the crawfish and have the potential to be the most flavorful piece of food in the boil. My wife was also disappointed with the corn on the cob that was included, she stated that it tasted like it was just a cheap frozen corn. Im definitely going to revisit when I goto Las Vegas again.
I really enjoyed the Shrimp, It had excellent flavor!  If you buy a bag to take home, it is even better the next day!
Hot N Juicy sauce is the best!  Not too salty and was warned the mild was spicy, but I didn't think it was.  Didn't take long to get seated on a Monday evening at 5 pm. Staff was great and very attentive.  Can't wait to go back again!
One of my favorite restaurants in las vegas! The sauce they use is amazing, i usually get the shrimp and king crab legs, both are always on point! The shrimps are always a great size, and the crab is awesome! Also the Cajun fries are a nice side as well!
I visit Hot n Juicy every time I come to Vegas.  I like the newer location's ambiance, but they are both great.  The whole crab in that spicy sauce is the bomb!  They give you a bib and plastic gloves to eat it.  I didn't use the gloves and had the garlicky smell on my hands for awhile!  We mis-ordered and got a combo of crawfish and sausage, when we only meant to order crawfish.  The sausage was really good and were glad we tried it. Cold beer and spicy fresh seafood, it doesn't get any better.
Crawfish and oysters, oh my!  

The oysters are served on ice and come with all the fix-ins.  Want some hot sauce?  It's there.  Want some horseradish?  It's there.  Want some cocktail sauce (I think that is what it is, lol)?  It's there.  

Wanna talk crawfish?  No?  Well, I do!  The crawfish come by the pound (which is how they should, by the way)... and they come in a bag-o-sauce.  Perfect for making sure all them there crawfish are evenly covered in the most amazingly delicious sauce you could ever want.  I get mine with the Hot N Juicy spice and "medium" spice level (although sometimes I venture to "spicy" when I feel like punishing myself a bit).  No matter which way you go, the crawfish are always well cooked and delicious.

The place is usually crazy busy and there is almost always a wait... and while I am a huge fan of this place, I'm guessing the wait has more to do with the prime location of this H-N-J on Spring Mountain Rd.

The waitstaff isn't always the most attentive and I have ran out of water a handful of times during my multiple visits... but I always just reach over and drink the person's water from the table next to mine.  A must-have while in Vegas!
After my friends seeing it on man vs. food and my friends convincing me to try it, I went to Hot N Juicy Crawfish. It is a really cool place with amazing food! The concept is really neat and different. They bring you a bag with a pound of whatever you choose (crawfish, shrimp, crab, etc) in whatever sauce you choose. I had the "Hot N Juicy" sauce with medium heat. It was delicious and the shrimp were cooked perfectly. The crab was also delicious and we tried it all in different sauces and they were all good. The crawfish was good but not very filling and take a lot of time to eat. The fried shrimp were actually one of the best things with a cornmeal batter. Overall i really enjoyedmy experience and I will definately be back and have been twice already. The only knock is the very long wait every time and the prices are a little expensive if you get anything exotic.
Went here to dinner last week with a couple of friends visiting from out of town. From the outside it doesn't particularily stand out. Upon opening the door though, one gets a huge waft of what's to come inside. The air just permeated of spicy, garlicky goodness. I tell you, it smelled SO good.
A bit of disclaimer on this review: I'm not too big on most seafoods so take it with a grain of salt, for sure.  I realize it might sound odd then, that I would want to go to such a place. But hey, I love good friends and good food. And both at the same time? Fuhgedaboudit! And besides, theres still plenty I can find to partake of on the menu.
By reading some of the Yelp reviews previously, it seemed the thing to make a nice mess of what's left at the end of one's meal. You are prepared for the upcoming melee with stylish HnJ logo plastic bibs and tools to dismantle shells. We were also warned that their sauces were very hot, so it was suggested to order one level lower than what you think you want.
My friends got a mix of HnJ shrimp, crab legs, clams and crawfish. I opted for some etoufee, sweet potato fries and fried catfish basket with cajun fries. I also asked for some HnJ special medium sauce on the side so I could drench everything in it. My friend said all their food was great. I loved the HnJ special sauce. Probably could've gone to Hot, but the medium had a nice kick with savory garlic-ness. I was using a spoon to scoop the sauce from the bottom to make sure I got all the garlic bits and spices that settle to the bottom. I did have a feeling there was no cajun seasoning on the fries. No big deal, I just used the side sauce. Overall service and food was right on.
Love! My go to spot for flavorful seafood! They keep the menu simple to the point and service is always great! I will always recommend this place to friends and family that comes into town.
I don't know which Hot N Juicy I'm reviewing... I just know that they're on the same street. So I'm sorry this is the wrong one... but they're all good so it doesn't matter! I really like Hot N Juicy because all of their restaurants are SO CONSISTENT. East to West everything is well managed and the food is always AMAZING!

I love the sauce at Hot N Juicy, it is definately in the Top 3 in my crawfish eating adventures. I love the ratio of sour, cajun and just heavenly goodness. You can never go with the crawfish here, they are fresh, good sized and perfectly cooked! If anything is off, just let your server know and they'll take care of it. 

Love their baskets as well, catfish is plentiful.. and kind of tastes like cod in my opinion... weird... I was expecting fishy! It's ok cod is good too. The fries they have are better than Boiling Crab because they are more starchy and taste more real! Love dunking fries in Ranch sauce. I'm not much of a fan of Gulf Oysters, but my company sure loved them, they were really plump and a nice medium size. Oh and Hot N Juicy is the ONLY crawfish place that has

The place is really messy though, that's my one complaint, I know they're busy but still at least wipe down and sweep a little. We were literally sitting on oil and crawfish shells it was a bit weird... Service is awesome, everyone who works at Hot N Juicy is so upbeat and chill. Food is fast and communication between FOH and BOH is instant since they have good In-N-Out like headsets (it's pretty funny). This location is pretty big so big parties would fit, the ambiance is cozy and nice (not as trashy as BC).
They say Disneyland is the happiest place on Earth - which is true - but I say  Hot N Juicy is the happiest place on the Western Hemisphere! 

Every time I have friends or family fly in from out of town I take them to Hot N Juicy Crawfish. The first thing they say to me on their next trip to Vegas is "Take me back for more of that Hot N Juicy!" and then I tell them, "Woah, slow down, I don't swing that way!" And then I proceed to give them what they crave: Hot N Juicy Crawfish!

I have been going to the original HnJ ever since the Man V Food episode was filmed there, but the newest Hot N Juicy has a more special feeling to it. It definitely has a more youthful vibe than the older one. 

Pro-life-tip #23: Take a first date here. If they can handle you being dirty and smelly, they can probably stick around for longer than a month. If they don't enjoy it, sounds like a one-night stand!

Favorite choices: Snow Crab Legs, Shrimp, Sausage (cant get enough of their meat!), and some of the best wings and fries in town!

The servers are all super friendly. Also, they like men who play with their food ;) *winkedy winky*

If you're looking for more than just dinner, definitely check this place out. It's a food expedition!
Seafood cooked in a bag of the juicy goodness of your choice.
I've been here so many times, I don't know why I haven't written a review. It may be because everyone knows this place and it's already popular...

But here is basically what you need to know:
-you, and everything else you bring into the restaurant (purse, clothes, shoes, etc), will REEK of garlic for several days following. But it's all worth it.
-you can/will get dirty. There's a reason why they cover the tables with plastic and paper. You deconstruct your food and throw the remains right on the table. They do provide bibs and plastic gloves upon request.
-seafood remains intact, heads and all. So if you're squeamish about seeing the head still attached to your shrimp friend, then you probably shouldn't eat here.
-there are 2 locations: both on Spring Mountain, one near Decatur and the other near Valley View.

And one more thing: I will go out on a limb and say it. I prefer Hot N Juicy Crawfish over Boiling Crab. The Hot N Juicy special vs Boiling Crab's version...I just like the flavors better.
You know what the food is great, not going to lie, I took my friends here that were visiting from New York and they had a blast.

One problem, so we went on Sat. 17.Aug 2013 and me and my friends split the bill, I ordered a pound of shrimp and corn fritters, my meal was less than 20, I check my account today and it said more than 40!  For my bill only may i add, That is NOT what I signed, and I want to know... Did that waitress try to tip herself? I was told a manager would contact me in 1-2 days. Not a good enough response for me either. Immediate action is necessary to impress me, especially because this restaurant has such a high volume of clientele. 

----to be continued....
In Vegas had to try this place! It was just as awesome as the one in Orlando!!! 
The place was very busy and the waiters was hustling. Waiter forgot one order but made up for it. Very nice place.
Banging a$$ Seafood!!!  I love for this place and will def be back when I'm in Vegas.  There's one open in WeHo also so maybe I'll just go there!  Hot n Juicy flavored Snow Crab is the best, also the Lemon Pepper shrimp!  Don't waste the juice!!  Pour it over the white rice and simmer the flavor!
Pretty good seafood. I've had the crawfish and shrimp and they were both quite delicious. I like the fact the crawfish is fresh as that's pretty hard to find (if not impossible) at other Louisiana boil type restaurants. 
The seasoning is different compared to other restaurants i've been to, which is a good thing. The only thing holding me back from giving this place 5 stars is due to the longer wait time for your food

I would definitely come back to this place
second time back in vegas and i decided to check out this second location. the reviews are right, this place is more spacious and comfortable than the original place. but we came on a monday night and it was packed for dinner! we waited about 45miinutes to be seated ..most parties were in 6's. if you come in 2's and 4's might be easier to find a seat. i realized im actually not that big of a fan of crawfish. but i did get my garlic butter shrimp fix and it was yummier than i last remembered! service was a bit spotty though, at times constantly refilling our sodas, and at times non existent. also had the black mussels with hot n juicy sauce which were ok. i definitely think theres something for everyone if you are seafood lovers
Not as good as a remember, but only have went to the other original location down the street.  Came in on a saturday afternoon around 1 and it wasn't packed at all.  No wait and food came out in about 10 minutes or less.  Service was adequate but the food was just so so.  Ordered a lb of shrimp and an lb of crawfish, medium spice level.  We used to love this place but not so much anymore.  Don't get me wrong, it's far from bad but maybe we just got used to the Boiling Crab's seasoning.  It's slightly different and we found H&J's to be slightly more spiced/gritty.  Overall was ok, but just prefer Boiling Crab more.
Visiting my sister for Labor Day , & of course checking this new location out , I've been to their first location yrs back & it was bomblicious & pack . 
This new location is bigger clean & our server was nice which is a plus , when our crawfish & shrimp , sausages,  corn arrive  . 
We dig in , it was blasting full of flavor not too spicy but sweet garlic mouth watering  seafood , now I don't know who's the winner from boiling crab / or Hot n juicy crawfish .
Got the refund, however, the managers probably did not want to deal with me when I called the final time, lol, so they ignored my call ha. 

Not cool though.
I never prefer to come to this location.  I feel like the one off Decatur is more attentive and gets me what I need (gloves, salt pepper, etc) before I ask.  Today I came at a slower time.  They didnt put in the right sauce on my king crab.  My hungry monster was absolutely frustrated.  But my correct order came to the table pretty quickly after. Our server Loreal was charming and made us all laugh.  She made this visit better than any other time I've come to this location.  Food was great as always! Hot n juicy mild king crab, side of butter, squeeze of lime in my salt and pepper, with an order of rice.
Went here while bodyguarding a client. I'm a spoiled man who has all the dirty work done for him before the shrimp comes out but here, I was forced into a corner to eat here and on top of that, they ordered for me. Really wasn't into heads and legs on shrimp before I walked in the door but let me tell you that my opinion had soon changed. The food was amazing, spicy, and hands on. The shrimp bag and sausage was THEE best combo I've had in a while. Had some fried shrimp also and it was good. Wonderful waitresses although I couldn't keep my eyes off of one in perticular, and this waitress made me try crawfish which wasn't bad either. Great experience. Great environment. Great food. Great time. Will always eat here in Vegas especially if I catch this waitress working
This is literally the greatest restaurant of ALL time! I discovered this place watching the show I should have starred in -Man vs. Food and literally dream of returning.  Good news - I am heading to Vegas in a week (well good news for me and bad news for shellfish)!

This place is located in a predominantly Asian part of town in a strip mall and has a certain amount of sketchy feel to it -that makes it taste better.  You sit down and basically choose what type of shell fish you want - crab, shrimp, clams, or, of course, crawfish.  Then you choose the sauce.  I can't more highly recommend their special sauce.  Finally, you choose spice level.  Let me first say that I eat ghost pepper spice all the time - i.e. I LOVE HEAT.  However, I would recommend no hotter than medium.  Not necessarily because it is too spicy, but because of the level of garlic and oil -this  is a stomach explosion waiting to happen.

Seriously, I love this place....LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!
The newer location has less of a wait and fewer tourists.
Just celebrated my birthday here. Had a pound of shrimp, pound of snow crab, fried shrimp, and dinner rolls. Fairly priced, tasty seasoning, great atmosphere and service. Would come back again and recommend to my friends.
I love this place! My fam owns a crawfish joint back home so this gets the job done when I need my seafood boil fix! Can't go wrong w anything here on the menu.
This location is not as nice as the one down the street. There's less seating, less parking, and it's just more rundown. However, the food is so good, if the only location was underneath a bridge and the chef was a homeless guy, I'd still eat there!

As far as the food goes, if you love messy finger food that comes equipped with a bib, you'll love Hot and Juicy. Their spice is not for the faint of heart! Even their mild spice has a good amount of kick. So far I've tried their shrimp, crawfish, corn fritters, and fries. You have to peel the shrimp and crawfish yourself.  It's a bit of a hassle, but it's part of the experience.

Don't waste your time or money on the crawfish.  Big creature, small amount of meat.  1 lb of shrimp in Hot N Juicy seasoning is the way to go.  
Keep in mind that when you order by the pound, that includes the weight of the entire shrimp body, antennas, legs, and the juice. Their seasoned fries are burn-your-face-off spicy, and with all the spice in the shrimp, I found it overwhelming. Their corn fritters are crispy, creamy, sweet balls of corny goodness.  They pair perfectly with the spicy shrimp.

For those who have children or unenthusiastic seafood eaters in your group, they also offer things like chicken strips and popcorn shrimp on their menu.

Oh and unless you want your fingers to burn for hours after the meal and garlic scented fingertips for the next week, WEAR THE GLOVES!
We waited over 30 minutes to get a table at 9 pm, but it was worth it.

Honestly can say that this was the best meal during our trip.
don't get the black mussels they taste aweful.

Everything else was mediocre.. I prefer the bay area stuff...
I absolutely love this place! HJ is one of my fave places to grub(and I mean GRUB). Delicious food, excellent service, and reasonably priced are qualities that makes this restaurant SO awesome! This place can get packed but totally worth the wait!
My first time there and it was not good.  It was about 9pm and I understand it is a loud and fun place, at least for other patrons.  It wasn't just noisy in there, many people were yelling, hurting my ears.  This was probably because many were partying and partially drunk from what I observed.  That's all fine, not my cup of tea but probably lots of fun.

I ordered the shrimp, clams, and lobster, all Hot N Juicy style.  I also added rice and corn.  The corn was actually very tender and the tastiest corn on the cob I have ever had - yummy.  The shrimp were whole, tasted good, but were quite difficult to peel.  I had to use a tool which I normally never have to.  That was probably just my bad?

The clams were large and tasty but I kept getting a little sand and even more tiny pieces of broken shell in the bites..  It is such a turn off to chomp down on a clam and bite on something so hard you are afraid you chipped a tooth.  I had to bite down very carefully because it kept happening.

The lobster was a live and whole specimen.  It was nice and large.  But it had to be the worst lobster I have ever tried to chew.  I've had my share of tough, overcooked lobster but the tail was like a piece of rubber.  Claw meat was just the opposite, it seemed to be missing texture or had one a little like clay.  Live lobster cooked properly is usually quite tender, softer than frozen.  I usually fight through such difficulties but I swear I simply could not chew this beast.  I only took a small bite of the tail but had to leave almost all of it because I just couldn't chew it apart in my mouth.  I've never even had really hard rubbery scallops this bad.  It honestly reminded me of trying to chew whale blubber (Alaska Native dish) or maybe a hard rubbery piece of Abalone.  Even though it was obvious almost the entire tail was still on the table (eat out of bags, off the table, no dishes style) they just offered me 10% discount.  I could have used the meat as a racket ball it was so resilient.  I don't even know how you can make a lobster that rubbery.  Hard - yes, like tough rubber - ?

Perhaps my experience was unique, YMMV.  I don't think I'll be back to find out, unless I am seriously drunk enough to fit into the loud crowd and not notice how bad the food may be.

I far preferred the food in places like Joe's Crab Shack.
1st experience:
I was introduced to this place by my aunt during our holiday trip to Vegas. It's always sooooooooooo much fun going with the fam. My friend joined me that year and agreed that Hot N Juicy was just that. Since we had a group of 10+ we ordered almost everything on the menu except for the crawfish and lobster. I probably ate my weight in shrimp and crab. The side dishes were a mere afterthought. I did enjoy the corn and rice. Come on, I had to have some rice with the proteins!
2nd experience:
"Dude, I think the guy at the front is hitting on you." Our waiter proceeds to act awfully friendly to my co-worker. We picked on him for the rest of the evening. It was cute!
I was in town for a convention for work. My boss treated us to dinner here. I was so excited since I already knew what to expect. We all ordered our own crab and shared shrimp and sides. The Hot N Juicy special sauce all the way! I learned the ways of H&J.
Last notes:  If you're in it to win it, go for the H&J special sauce mild. Medium to me seems too spicy, but that's just me.  I'm the type that can't handle Hot Cheetos....This place gets super crowded so it's best to try to get there before the dinner rush if you can.
So my previous review was of the other HNJ closer to Decatur and it was not good. I thought surely this other location (valley view) cant be as bad so my friend and I went here for dinner tonight and im sure glad we did. We arrived at 730 and were seated in about 5 minutes. The hostess was super cheerful and friendly and gave us bibs and a fresh roll of paper towels as she sat us. Our server came shortly after and asked for our drink orders and asked if we had ever been there before and we said no so they could explain how it works to my friend. Our server was very thorough she took the time to explain the different shellfish and the different seasonings. We decided on 1lb of shrimp each with the hot n juicy seasoning but hers extra spicy and mine just mild. I like spicy things but that mild gets my nose running! We also ordered corn sauasage and potato in our bags. And we got an order of cajun fries. Our fries came out within 8 minutes they were hot and golden and had a little kick to them...they were just perfect. 5 minutes later our shrimp came and we dug right in. Deeeeeelicious! My friend really enjoyed her meal and was happy i picked that spot for our dinner. The food was on point and the service was wonderful im so glad I went to this location because I will be coming back.
I just wanted to add further comment that I was personally contacted by this company about my experience.  They wanted to know what day I dined so that they could investigate to find out what may have gone wrong with my meal.  I'm impressed that they care enough about their customers to followup and try to prevent any problems they can find so future diners won't have a similar experience.  Every restaurant can have a bad day, or bad product that is unknown as the product was properly prepared.
  Everyone else in the place was having a great time and loving the food.  I heard no complaints, just praise, and trust me there is no way I could not hear what the people were saying ;-D.  This restaurant was listed in the top 30 must eat meals in Las Vegas and I can see why.  While I may have had some difficulties, I would still recommend eating there to other friends, especially if they want to have a good time with their meal.
  Based on the chance my experience was unique, that everything I did eat was very tasty, and that this company cares as much as they do - I will be going back again another day to give them another chance.  I hope it's good.  This is the kind of place I would like to bring a group of friends to for a tasty meal and a great time - something everyone else in the place seemed to be having that night.  Service was excellent in any case.
Not sure why people love this place so much! It's good, but I know I don't particularly don't enjoy eating my food out of a plastic baggie! 

Yes it's hot & juicy for sure, and yes it makes sense to wear the traditional crab eating bib and to use the gloves, but I damn, I don't know, I would have preferred a bowl, or a plate.
 
And definitely use the gloves, but your hands will still smell for a day or so!

The grab & mussels were good. The corn fritters were amazing!
Delicious!!! I was skeptical about trying it because I've been so spoiled in California with all of our options with crawfish restaurants but I'm glad I decided to try it out! We had the sweet potato fries for the appetizer and it was good. We ordered the crawfish but they were out of the red (wasn't too fond of the crawfish they substituted it with) don't order it if they're out of red crawfish. The sauce was good but it could save the taste of the crawfish. We also had the shrimp in the house spice I believe. I loved it! The shrimp was huge, not soggy and flavorful! The lobster was great also! Huge lobster and a lot of sauce! The service was okay, but the food made up for everything!
Maybe I'm stupid but I ordered the calamari from here to go.  It was good, but not great, and seemed a bit expensive at nearly $11.  Will have to go back here for crawfish.
Definately better than Boiling Crab, Kickin' Cajun, & Cajun King back in Hawaii. They make the shrimp way more juicier and with more of a kick to its taste. I was in crawfish heaven. Lol. We had a party of 4 and ordred 3 pounds of shrimp, hot, spicy and mild with butter. I probably ate most of the mild with buttershrimp because I love butter with my seafood. My boyfriend, his brother and his cousin mostly ate the hot and spicy shrimp. I tried the hot and spicy shrimp; it wasn't that hot, but I think the aftertaste got me. Haha. We also got side orders of rice just to keep the spicyness to a level. The corn in the bag was also amazing to its taste! I've never ate such a juicy corn smuthered in mild sauce before. By the time the bag was almost gone, I was really full. Good stuff!
The name of this place is funny, their food is tasty and if you dine in you'll reek of garlic :-) 

We came to this Hot N Juicy Crawfish based on a Yelp search in China Town.  They have a lot of high rated reviews by locals and it was something different from where we usually when in Vegas.   

Restaurant~ This place is busy with loads of people wearing plastic bibs and gloves eating bags of garlic immersed cooked crustaceans.  It's very open with plenty of seating for small or large groups of peeps.  One of the first things you notice when you walk in is the BLAST of garlic odor.  I normally love the smell of garlic, but this was too intense for me.  

Service~ like a lot of places anymore! some of the people that work here are really friendly and seem very helpful and then there are a few that were not helpful at all and seem to treat us like number takers...  Maybe it's because they are so busy, but that's just an excuse.  I could care less man vs food dined here, which is what two of the servers told us and it's on their menu.  I'm looking for quality of taste and not quantity of food to conquer.  

Food~ we had shrimp, clams and crawfish cooked in their juicy sauce which was very good but loads and loads of garlic...  

This is an A-OK place especially if you're planning to do take out!  I recommend going when the crawfish are in season, order to go and share the good eats with some friends.
I absolutely love hot n juicy! Loud, fun environment and great food!! Only reason why I'm rating this place four stars, is because I find it a little too pricey.
I was so excited to try this and it did not disappoint! We tried the hot and juicy crawfish as well as a half pound of butter shrimp for my little one. We also got a basket of chicken nuggets with sweet potato fries for the kids. Although it took me a while to get used to peeling crawfish, Everything was delicious! We arrived at 4:30pm and got the last booth before the crowds began. Also, I accidentally left my credit card and when I discovered it was gone I called them and thy held it for me safely and returned it to me after I showed them my ID.
Thats my fav place to go and kill my stomach :) pound of shrimps in a lemon/pepper  medium spicy, ask for corn inside the bag, sweet potato fries and blue moon....thats all you need for amazing day! its 4 of 5 stars, cause restrooms (which you def need before and after meal) most of the times are dirty, they could keep it more clean, keep eye on toilet paper and towels... its always messy.
I love hot n juicy I could eat here everyday.

So you order seafood by the lb, it is boiled in their different sauces, and then you choose a spice level. You put on a Bib and then you eat your food out of a bag and leave it all on the table. The seafood comes whole. As in the shrimp head and all. Everything is market price. They also have some baskets which are varying fried foods like catfish, chicken nuggets, fries, ect.

Tip! You can order a half lb of shrimp which is like the perfect size. 

Also if you are on a low sodium diet then look elsewhere.

I always get the same thing. Lemon pepper shrimp that is mild with some sausage steamed that gets cooked with it. Then I get a side of white rice.

If I'm feeling feisty then I get a potato.

If I'm with a group then I share some corn fritters. The sweetness really is delicious with the spicy shrimp.

I've had their étouffée and Cajun fries. The étouffée was eh and the Cajun fries are good! Spicy but not too spicy.

The price here is right, if they aren't slammed (which they usually are) the servers are all really nice.

The only bad things is that their bathroom always smells. Idk if it's a sewage thing but the men's room always smells, the trash full, and the sinks don't expel much water. 

Other then that the food is good and the service is usually good for what it is, and the price is also right.
Really enjoyed the customer service we had here. I believe the guys name was Mark, he was very informative and really friendly. The food was good too! Have ate at similar places before that usually are just whole in the walls but this place looked nicer than expected in the inside. Also the price was great for all we got. Definitely recommend trying it out.
The worst crawfish restaurant and the worst service forever.  Im so upset ab the food over here. I should have gone to Boiling Crap instead of here.
One of our favorites...
I'm not a "crawfish" eater - but this place really ROCKED! The Menu was simple - the food was AWESOME - and Joey provided OUTSTANDING SERVICE! And Lainie Biagi, the manager made sure we had everything one would want - I highly recommend this restaurant and I'm told their sister restaurants are just as good. By the way, I had the fried shrimp and it was positively the best I have ever had! A must eat at kind of place!
What's better than good? Great? No! The answer is, "Finger licking good!" And let me tell you, Hot n Juicy is the definition of finger licking good cause I will always be licking my fingers afterwards! 

This place is delicious. I moved out of Las Vegas for a period of time and whenever I visited this city, I always always always have to eat at Hot n Juicy at least ONCE. It is always a must! The flavors are unique and different. No, I didn't come here due to "Man vs. Food" .. in fact, I never watched that show. I came here because I heard it was good and their first location was ALWAYS packed! The wait is always humongous! 

And yes, there are actually two locations and this one is their second location on Spring Mountain. It's newer so the decor is more modern and the ventilation should be a whole lot better than their first building. 

So you don't like crawfish? That's fine. I don't really have a preference for them either. In fact, I think they're not really worth it. Each crawfish doesn't have much meat ... you'll be eating a few tons before you get full! Why? Well, Hot n Juicy sells it by the pound ... so with the little amount of actual edible goodness you get that comes in the huge clanky shells, you don't get much. But no worries! There is SHRIMP on the menu!! Of course, there's crab and whatnot on the menu too but that's not my concern. SHRIMP is my recommendation and it will fill you up for sure!!

So what they do is sell seafood by the pound. You get to choose a sauce and the spicyness level between mild and extra spicy. The shrimp is cooked in the sauce and they bring it to you in a plastic bags. Yes, it's different. Yes, you may not like being served food still in the bag. Sure, you may not like using your hands and they got plastic gloves for you folks. But it is YUMMYLICIOUS. Prepare to get messy ;) It's honestly worth a try ... get adventurous once in a while. You never know what you'll come across!

I typically order 1 lb of shrimp. Hot n Juicy special. Add corn to that. As for the spicyness level, it depends on my mood. I have tried mild, medium, and spicy. Mild is the best and their mild is not the traditional mild. It's actually spicier than what people would consider mild. It is delicious with a little kick to it that gives it an oomph. Medium, to me, was very similar to the mild ... no real big difference. Now, spicy, that's the REAL kicker! It was SO GOOD. SO SPICY. SO FLAMING HOT. But honestly, go for the mild. 

I usually also order the cajun fries. They used to make them as regular fries with cajun powder on top but now they've incorporated the two? Who knows how they go about it but it's pretty good. 

So their sauces have a lot of garlic in them. You'll be eating and smelling garlic all night. Be sure you're a garlic lover! You'll even take the smell home so be careful of what you wear and what you bring in! Make sure they're all easily washable :D 

And a tip...if you're using your hands to eat, make sure to ask the waitress for some limes/lemons. After you finish eating, wipe your hands with the paper towels to get rid of ALL sauces on your hands. Then you wash and rub your hands with the lime/lemon. Do it thoroughly. It should take off a good deal of the smell away from your hands. Then you just wipe your hands again to get rid of the lemony goodness and wash your hands the regular way! :D

And now I'm craving some Hot n Juicy after writing this review!
We come here every time we go to Vegas. Who wouldn't love donning a bib as an excuse to be as messy as a baby? After securing your bib you put on your plastic gloves and boom you're ready to demolish some sea creatures for an hour or two!

The food comes out happily swimming in one of their five house sauces, and you order by the pound. Plop! See through plastic bags of shrimp, mussels, crawfish, lobster, will be thrown on the table and your mission begins. It's an exported Louisiana style dining experience! I recommend getting the Hot n Juicy sauce, at mild spiciness. It's by far the tastiest and their mild spicy level has a deceivingly strong kick. This is for garlic lovers only, and is not a low sodium meal!

This year the crawfish were smaller and out of season, so they were made from frozen and not as fresh. The shrimp were large and excellent as always, and served with the head on. Mmm, brains. For mussels order the green mussels over the black, they will be larger and more flavorful. 

Great for groups and sharing, but also fun for a date with some hands on eating!
I love hot & juicy so I'm glad they opened this location. We came here after the grand opening for the first time since the older location is smaller and was always busy. My friend works here and ended up being or server the first night and the other workers were very nice too. As always, I ordered a pound of shrimp, rice and fries for myself. It's pretty cheap to eat here considering how good the food is. It's worth getting messy and eating with your hands lol. I will come here again in the future when I'm in town again.
My first time here. I had heard the sauces/seasoning were awesome but they were a little "off" to me. Other than that the seafood was delicious and service was well above par. Don't forget to try their Cajun Fries. Mmm
Fun place to come and eat with friends cuz it's gonna take awhile to peel and eat your dinner.  Would do it again but take it from me, don't wear white or anything you like cuz you WILL get messy.
I'm a huge fan of Boiling Crab in SJ.  Reasons why this place is better:  Wayyyyy less of a wait and it was on Man vs. Food.  Only issue really is that they only have 2 servers for the entire restaurant, so sometimes if they get busy it can be hard to get their attention.  Love the sauce, really flavorful and buttery.  Watch out, things will get messy but it's totally worth it.
Been here numerous times, I was actually going to hot n juicy before they were ever on the travel channel.

And the food is good like all the other reviews says. The seafood is a good size and the flavors are wonderful.

Now my only gripe about this place is the service is terrible and seems to be getting worse. We usually go to boiling crab because we get such crappy service at hot n juicy now. 

Went here tonight for dinner and our food came out promptly. And everything was ok but the server literally was inches away from our table and never bothered to ask if everything was ok. He did that a few times and I saw him looking at our table but he never said everything ok? My boyfriends beer was empty halfway through the meal and he didn't ask if he wanted another one, I wanted a water refill and he never came. The worst part is we finally put our napkins and bibs on the table indicating we were done and he just looked at us and then walked away to bus a table behind us. We clearly wanted the check. He then refilled my water but I was done eating already. 

And I know he knew we were done but he never came with the check. We finally had to ask another server right in front of him for our tab. I guess because they know people will keep coming to this place so they don't care about service. 

So I'm sure nothing will change and they will continue to hire servers who don't care about doing their job.
this is the place to go when u got a sinus infection or just open up your pores with some good cajun seafood . even though i usually just get the fried shrimp basket with the cajun fries i do seldom put those gloves on and go to work literally
This place really deserves the 5 stars.. its a tad bit pricy but worth it. I had the shrimp with the medium hot n juicy marinade they got.. let me say that medium had a real good kick to it. I also ordered the soft shell crab basket and it comes with fries deep fried soft shell crab and it also is really great. But the softshell crab basket is not that big at all..  People need to try this place for sure.. I would give it the full 5 stars it deserves but its jus a lil pricy like I said in the begining with 1lb of shrimp. The soft shell crab basket and 2 drinks it came out to $30.. we left there hungry because its very little for wat you get. But definitely worth chrcking it out
So I guess my review my fall short as this was my first seafood place I have been to in Vegas and the first time I ever tried oysters so I can't compare to other places.  But I am now obsessed with oysters and I love love love their seasoning choices. We got the hot n spicy everything but I loved it and can't wait to try more! The king crab legs were huge and full of meat! The shrimp and oysters were our fav! Didn't do the crawfish as I find them pointless cause there's little to no meat. The others I was with got some fried fish basket things, I'm not big on fried seafood so I didn't try it but they loved that as well. Service seemed friendly and prompt. Can't wait to go back! Yum yum and yummm!
In my opinion, it is not as good as the Boiling Crab in Westminster, California.  But in Vegas, this fix will hold me over. 

The garlic taste is there, but the popular "Hot N Juicy" seasoning just didn't have the kick I was hoping for.  

Here's what I ordered:

Sausages: just ok
Shrimp: pretty good
Clams: pretty good
Corn: wow, lots of spices
Cajun fries: delicious
Chicken wings: pretty good!

One thing I do like: they offer gloves for people who do not like to get their hands dirty (i.e. my husband). I personally think that getting your hands dirty is part of the experience. They also have lobster!!!

But I think I'll just wait to go to Orange County for my Cajun fix.
Shorter wait.. Good food but Very Poor Costumer Service! Literally! If you guys wants to eat at HnJ Crawfish, i suggest to just go to the other location less than a mile from here! Food is the same but Customer Service is wayyyyyy different! Longer wait but worth it! This HnJ location has shorter wait but after they get your order, it will take 1 1/2 hours for it to come! Asked 3 staff but they just keep saying "ok"... Really?  and oh! Where's the butter? Isn't that a very simple request? Where's my water? How come we only have 3 pcs of gloves? We actually have 4 hands in total?  Goodness! We're done eating already.. Nvm!  Our vegas trip was kinda ruin because of this!
Amazing.  I feel like ive been there 3 times in the span of a week amazing. The staff is friendly, the place is clean and the food is great

Im a country girl so I enjoy a plastic covered table where they have rolls of paper towels and bibs. Does it really get any better than that??

I have tried the garlic butter and the lemon pepper seasonings. Garlic butter is BOMB!!! Lemon pepper is delish just a little more on the salty side that is even too much for a salt lover like myself.

Also for hotness level mild is freakin hot. I dont like spicey foods so I thought mild would be ok.. NO.. no its not.. its like fire. So anything more is a risk you've got to be willing to take.
Baby spice is pretty much no spice with is just fine with me.
Go try everything twice then go again!
I come to vegas often to play poker. 
I always make it a point to visit HotnJuicy.

Crab legs, shrimp, oysters. Everything is amazing. 
Are you going to smell of the special seasoning sauce after? Most definitely.

This is one of my favorite spots to eat off strip. Fantastic as always.
I'm an avid lover for Boiling Crab, but when that place gets too crowded Hot n' Juicy comes in second for me.

Personally, I'm a shrimp lover. I love a little spice to my food, but not too much where my nose is running. With that said, I get the shrimp with the Hot n' Juicy season mild. No surprise here that I have to order a side of cajun fries. I feel like you can't go to these types of restaurant and NOT order a side of cajun fries.

The only difference with the sauce is that this one seems a tad bit sweeter than Boiling Crab. I'm still a lover either way =) This place also has a bigger selection on beer.

So if you're into cajun food, but want to drink tons of beer as well - this place takes it over Boiling Crab. Although both places are good and you can't go wrong with either.
Hot N Juicy is an experience as much as it is a delicious dining destination. Where else can you don bibs and suck away on crab legs, shrimp and clams doused in "hot n juicy" chili sauce (or garlic butter or lemon pepper, depending on your preference) that arrive in plastic bags?

Every table has two paper towel rolls, 'cuz this restaurant knows it's gonna get messy. I couldn't take any photos because they would've come out looking nasty. But looks are deceiving!

The sauces are heavenly. I suggest you try all of them. Wash the seafood down with mozzarella sticks and cajun fries (or sweet potato fries, if that's your thing). Trust me on this.

Haven't been to Boiling Crab so can't make a comparison in that regard, but I was very, very happy with Hot N Juicy!
Disclaimer: I've never been to a Boiling Crab, or any other crawfish/shrimp/whatever establishment.

Considering I don't really have a means of comparison against the competition, I must say, I really enjoyed this meal. Juicy and spicy shrimp and crawfish.. chock full of cholesterol, but hey, who cares? YOLO. 


.....Feel free to punch me if I ever say "YOLO" again.
Great shrimp and crawfish! It's not Louisiana, but it is as close as you can get in the area. I will say it is season dependent, which is something you should expect for the crawfish. I have gone a few times and the crawfish were not up to par... but you shouldn't expect it at all times of the year. It is extremely busy, but the food is great! Plan on getting messy... the experience is just as great as the shrimp!
OMG. Was our waitress Brittany so helpful and friendly. In from out of state and she just explained everything and answered all our questions. Will sure be back and hope we have her again.
Being from New Orleans I grew up on seafood so I was expecting to get bad seafood. Well it was way better than I expected. We was givin 2 crawfish a piece to test which I enjoyed. I ordered 1/2 pound of shrimp the sauce was hot n juicy which is a combination of all the spices together and the spice level was baby spice. I also ordered the shrimp basket and that was real good also.The waiter was very handsome and nice he explained the menu and kept the drinks coming. I will go again on my next visit to Vegas.
The reason for my review today is not to rave about their food, which is great, but their employees. One in particular at this location, Juan. Today I left my keys on the table, silly accident. I was positive the keys were on the table. I called twice & no one seemed to help. So I came up there being that I was positive I left them there. So instead of the back & forth w/ my server about what he did do and why he couldn't have threw them away. I asked if I could look myself, after all it's my fault and my keys so I have no problem finding them. I can't blame him for not wanting to help look it's a seafood restaurant so it was pretty gross. Juan, who was not my server btw, got in the dumpster & found my keys. I then tried to tip him for helping me. Being that he just saved me money on a new starter and he didn't even accept it. Awesome. Thanks so much Juan I really appreciate you for getting dirty for me.
really really good! come visit if in vegas 2nd best cajun style seafood place ive been hard to get find a taxi back to the strip though but the food was worth it and the staff there are attentive the wait was not too bad also id def come back
One of our "go to" restaurants in Vegas .. snow crab with lemon pepper medium with sausage is our fav ..
Ughhh DANA IS EFFIN RUDE! 
And needs to be retrained on customer service or she needs to be fired ASAP! 
But the food is awesome! Just need better servers ! Kay thanks bye!
It was a disgustingly perfect experience. Extra points for making the crawfish nuclear hot!!
Food was very very good but the best part of it it had to be my waitress Molly she was great and she even pilled all my shrimp for me ask for Molly and she's gorgeous
Service was slow and inconsistent.  Brought the main meal first and the sides 10-15 mins later. Had to remind waitress about the rice I ordered and they stated they ran out of rice for the night. The reason might be they were closing but still have to be considerate about the  late night cravers. They had to suggest dinner rolls to exchange for the rice.
Came here with a friend and didn't know what to expect when I walked in. First off the table was covered in plastic with a roll of paper towels on the side. The hostess gave us plastic bibs. I knew this was going to get messy. You order your food by the lbs, mostly seafood. 

I was quite amazed at how delicious everything was. You really get hands on and messy as you open up a bag of seasoned shrimp, crab legs or crawfish. First time experiencing this and I would love to try this place again.
I went here a few nights ago for the first time, and was very satisfied. The food is messy, but so delicious! I will be going back!
Went here with my boyfriend for the first time last week. I was impressed with the food &service, my waitress Stephanie never kept us waiting and kept our glasses full, checked on us few times through out our meal and tended to our every request. The food was amazing!  Food comes fully shelled so you have to peel it yourself, a little work but it's worth it!
My friends and I always come here for some great tasting seafood! It never fails to satisfy our craving! We always get the hot n' juicy special for all of your seafood and its just so darn tasty I have to lick all my fingers!

They offer seafood sold at market price and by the pound:
Shrimp
Green mussels
blk mussels
clams
snow crab
king crab
craw fish 
and two other crab species that are seasonal. 

Bibs and gloves are given to protect the digits and your clothing from splatter when you are eating. 

We always try to go early. This place will always have some wait time so if you are in a large group plan ahead. We go to the one on Valley View and Spring mountain because it is the larger one on our side of town and the parking lot is a larger compared to the decatur location. Parking can be a hassle during peak business hours but there are lots behind the restaurant you can park at with a short walk. 

Cajun fries are delicious and always served fresh and crunchy! 

A MUST TRY!
This was my second experience with this restaurant.   The food was OK, but the service was just awful.   I can live with a place that is really low-brow in presentation.  No plates.  No spoons.  Paper cups. Food served in plastic bags served on a plastic table cloth.  No utensils were offered at all.  I had a few pounds of HotNJuicy crayfish that tasted pretty good, but were swimming in enough garlic to choke a small country.  Not that there's anything wrong with garlic.   Back to the utensils.  OK I get it.  Crayfish is something you eat with our fingers, but I'm supposed to eat boiled potatoes with my fingers?  That's too much to ask.   I'd also like to get offered the option of some sort of condiment with the crayfish.  Some cocktail sauce or melted butter would have been really nice, but despite having at least 6 waitresses in the place they barely spoke to us at all.  They just kept walking past us over and over helping other tables.  It was seriously incompetent wait service.  The person who took our order never really came back to ask us if we needed anything at all and we had to waive down somebody to bring a check and then we waited at least 10 minutes for change.  

The highlight of the meal was the soft shell crab basket.  The fries were perfectly cooked and the crab was plentiful and tasty.  Well done and a descent deal at around $11.  The $11 per pound price on the crayfish was high considering that there was not really a ton of food in a whole bag full.   At the end of the meal I started noticing everyone else had a bowl of lemons and what looked like a finger bowl.  We never got and because nobody was paying any attention to us at all it was a problem,  This is really messy stuff to eat.  Your fingers get caked up with garlic and spices and paper towels simply do not handle it.  When we asked for something to wash out hands we were instructed to go to the restroom - which was actually quite nasty inside.  Dark.  Dirty.  Pretty gross actually.  All I needed was a descent wet wipe like the kind most restaurants that serve messy food offer you.  Better than that would have been a finger bowl of lemon water.  I'm sorry, but if you're going to sell people food at $20-$40  per person the least you can do is offer them a wet wipe.
I give it four stars for the food.  Service is very poor, to say the least, but worth putting up with just to eat the food. 

Again, I agree with my friend, Clint. 

My wife has done crab legs and crab; I've done the Crawfish. We've both done the Shrimp. 

My suggestion; stay with the shrimp. Order it to your spice level of comfort. 

I like the Cajun Fries, my wife likes the Sweet Potato Fries. 

Go early, or you will have a tough time finding parking and be greeted with a long wait. 

It is pricey, but a great eating experience. We have taken my wife's relatives and friends from Korea to this place, and they always want to come back and make it their last meal before they return to home. 

Not a great place for a first date, but great for someone you're very comfortable with, who isn't into trendiness and snobby atmospheres.
Always the best. Eating here makes you happy. And wheb theyvhave fresh crawfish it is truly juicy. Yummmy!!
I love this place....coming from Houston where u can get crawfish anywhere...here makes me feel lk home!!!! Hot and Spicy seasoning...spicy soooooo good!!! Add cajun fries YUM....
Ask for Alexis or AJ..... :)
Come here to release all the stress from work and enjoy their HOT N JUICY SHRIMP!!! Must go if your in town!!!
This was my first time coming here and it was about what I had expected.  The food was nothing spectacular and the service was decent.  Our waitress could have been more attentive to us but I can cut her a little bit of slack because she had around 5 other tables with full parties that she had to watch over.  

Specifically on the food, it seemed a bit over priced compared to other restaurants in town (Boiling Crab).  I personally didn't order any seafood as I just ordered a catfish basket and tried my friends' seafood, which had too much sauce in my opinion which was swimming at the bottom of the bag.

As far as the restaurant itself, it's odd to have it as an L-shaped restaurant as opposed to a more open area.  There were a few TV's tuned to sports but they weren't very loud.

Overall, it won't be my go-to spot for Cajon food, but at least now I know.
First time coming here on a Sunday night. The wait for two people was about 30 minutes but I was ready to grub here so I didn't mind the wait. If you plan on coming with a large group make sure everyone is present or they will give your table away... Seems fair. Fast forward to the food I ordered a 1 pound of snow crab legs and my friend ordered 1 pound of shrimp and we both shared the Cajun fries. 
The fries were great with a nice kick to it. We ordered or seafood with the hot n juicy sauce (all 3 flavors) it was awesome! Tried a few other places and this probably would be up there with the top 3, EXCEPT the service! It was awful. 
I honestly don't even know who our waiter was. I asked for something to crack open the legs, I didn't receive it until I had two legs left and no energy to attempt the remaining ones. We had to repeat ourselves several times to multiple waiters just to get something. It was very frustrating. If the service were better I would probably go back but I may try a different location.

 Just be aware great food, crap service.
Five stars for sureThis was my first time IN  Las Vegas and it was pretty good.
A wonderful experience!
The place wasn't as busy but it took 20 minutes for the food to come out. The waitress went by our table five times without acknowledging our table. We literally had to wave her down each time and she did not apologize for the wait nor checked in with us. 

There was another waiter who was servicing other tables who ended up helping us. Eric was very polite and friendly and made up for the lack of service. Kudos to him! They definitely need more waiters like him around.
I had a chance to visit this place while in Vegas over Memorial Day weekend. I saw it featured on Man Vs Food... It's tucked away in Chinatown. The ladies greet you all at once... Very nice... They seat you then hand you the very short and straight to the point menu. I ordered the crawfish.. They were a bit pricey compared to Texas at $10.99lb and I also ordered the snow crab legs which were $16.99lb... The sweet potato Cajun fries were amazing as well!. They don't serve wine or champagne by the glass so I had to purchase an entire bottle for $24.99. I ordered the hot and juicy special and the spice level was HOT! They were awesome!
Hot and juicy medium with some rice on the side! Oh yeah I love coming here after a hard day at work and working to get my food. I like to think I have great patience! It is well worth it though.. Mixed with rice ask occasionally a corn or potato! I'll be back again and again
This is my favorite stop when I'm in Vegas. For some reason, I like this location better. The crawfish is so good and spicy. Oh yes it burns! But it's the good kind of burn. I've had the shrimp, snow crabs and crawfish in the hot and juicy sauce. Try them all. It's the best sauce ever!
Sooooo gooooood!

Put the lemon pepper sauce on everything! I had the lemon pepper shrimp and crab legs and they were both the BOMB. 

And if you get the chance, make sure Britney is your waitress. She's better than the lemon pepper sauce!!!
I absolutely loved this place! Ordered crawfish with Lemmon pepper. In my opinion it's better than boiling crab!
Great food, but our server was terrible. Checked on us once, and flew our change on the table in a rude fashion. He probably was thinking that he was gonna get change for a tip. I was gonna leave him a good tip, but changed my mind after that. Everyone else that worked there was friendly however. Just our luck to get a bad server.
So good!!! I love the lemon pepper sauce. The shrimp and clams were both delicious. What really made our experience the best was our awesome server KB...she was so helpful and has such a positive attitude. Definitely coming back!
Food quality : fresh
Food quantity: 1 lb green mussel has 7 pieces with small pieces inside shell, Cajun fries is in abundance, 1 lb shrimp smaller in size than buckets of crab.
Food arrived within 15 minutes.
Servers disappeared after food arrived. 
Had to ask for more water.

Waiter forgot a persons food after asking several times. Food was taken off bill. So he didn't eat anything. 

Would have been a 5 if order wasn't messed up on and food quantity was more.

Still waiting for check. Not a good service for after eating.
With Shrimp being my Favorite, this place is the best place for
It. I am in love with the lemon pepper (no spice) it's sooooo yummy!!!!! 

Down side of thing is... I hope you don't have anywhere important to go After you eat here because you clothes will smell so bad lol :)
Ordered the crawfish Cajun and garlic as well as crab and shrimp and left there stuffed and satisfied. Busy place but we didn't have to wait long and the waiters were quick and offered us plenty of paper towels and whatever else we needed before having to ask. Food is delicious and fresh. Crawfish was amazing and I reeked of garlic the entire day. I will be back.
Service was horrendous! 
First off, kids were running around and playing hide and seek behind our chairs, but kids are kids...chalked it up to parents not paying attention...

Our food was thrown at us... Ranch dressing fell all over the table and floor. No one cleaned it up. We planned on continuing to order but our server was an eye roller and totally rude. The gal cleaning the restroom was huffy too! It seems as though everyone at this location must hate their job. We finished what we ordered, paid and were shorted on our change. 

The OTHER location is much better. I'll never come to this one again.
Never get enough of it! Always have shrimps hot N juicy or garlic butter. 5/5! Sweet potato fries is delicious as well. 5/5! My friends always add a corn. I ordered lobster once. 4/5! Lol I don't know how to eat it!! They said they can crack it for you. Crabs are good, my friends' favorite! 5/5! Sausages are optional,  I had them sometimes. 3/5! I have been both places. My friends like it on Decatur 4/5!,  but I kinda like it at Valley View because it is newer, even though there is wired smells and long queue! 3/5!
I have yet to try the lemon pepper. I want to. But I'm so in love with the hot n juicy special. 

We have gone to the other location many times. We choose to go to this one because it's a little newer. 

I always get either shrimp or mussels. Hubby always, always gets king crab legs. 

You must get the corn in the bag. And rolls. 

Just be prepared for garlic to ooze from your pores!  I like it spicy and always get medium.
Very good, good value, friendly staff! I prefer the shrimp, but the crawfish is just as good. I highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys sea food. Btw be prepared to eat a lot of food! Portions are good!
With all that Las Vegas has to offer on the culinary scene, one of its weakest categories is Barbeque. Barbeque in Las Vegas has been a joke that just doesn't get funnier with each telling. It's apparent that Vegas needs Barbeque, because there is always another joint being opened up by someone who has no idea how to make Barbeque.

The few places that do Barbeque right in this town get everything else wrong. Remember, Barbeque is working man's food. It is supposed to be affordable and in large quantities that satisfy the hungriest cowboy - an idea that Lucille's has completely forgotten. It is also supposed to be rustic and down-home, served in off-the-wall joints with billows of smoke flavoring the neighborhood - something you won't get at the Wisconsin based Dave's.

Then comes Big Paul's BBQ. You've never heard of it, it not a chain. You've probably never seen it, it sits quietly on a simple strip mall corner of western Flamingo Ave. It's rustic, it's understated, it down-home - in-other-words - it's almost perfect.

Ribs, Chicken, Links, Brisket, Pulled Pork and Catfish are just a few of the menu items to choose from. I had the Brisket and Ribs combo - 3 full pounds of deliciously smoke meat a couple of sides and bread.

The brisket was perfectly tender, with a beautiful ring of pink on the outside as proof its slow-smoked preparation. You could tell that Paul left the fat on the brisket during the smoking process. 

The ribs were equally well smoked and fall-off-the-bone tender just like the brisket. I got both without the sauce, because I like to taste the Barbeque itself before the sauce has its affect. 

The BBQ Beans were definitely delicious, the green beans were canned and one of the few detractions to the rest of the meal. 

The dry ribs were evidence that Paul doesn't do much to season the Barbeque during the smoking process. Although some prefer their Barbeque this way, I have always been a bigger fan of a dry rub or a vinegar wash during smoking.

All-in-all, the meat was delicious and the spicy BBQ Sauce was pretty good (next time I will try the regular BBQ Sauce). Big Paul is from the Houston area and he holds true to the region's Barbeque roots. 

I think with time, Big Paul's BBQ could definitely evolve into a local gem. It gets 3 stars now, but I can see it moving up to 4 in no time.
The second BBQ restaurant at this location post Shish Kabob House.  I was a fan of the last place and the only person to ever write a review on it :(  The menu seems to be about the same as the last with a couple of additions to the sides menu and some pretty good food combos for 2 or more.  

It was July 4th.  I left work late and we didn't feel like firing up the grill.  My initial plan was to just go pick up Famous Dave's but ended up taking a quick right while driving west on Flamingo due to this overpowering smell of barbecued meat!  What the heck right?  Better off supporting a local mom and pop place than a megachain anyways.  

I ordered the combo of baby back ribs slab, 20 hot wings and 2 large sides for $24.99.  The slab of ribs with 2 small sides was almost $20 so this was a no brainer for $5 more.  The ribs were pretty awesome.  They had a fantastic smokey flavor to them that one could only get by slow cooking those babies all day.  Wings were pretty standard.  About the same as any other pizza joint in town but good enough.  

The cashier recommended the red beans and rice along with the macaroni salad for sides which were both spot on.

Already planning on getting the brisket and pulled pork for my next order!
BBQ itself - 5-stars.  Great flavor, smokiness and execution (by relative Vegas standards). 
BBQ Sauce - 5-stars.  Love spicy sauce with some fullness and flavor.  
Sides - 1-star.  Greens no taste I can only assume canned.  Other sides like an afterthought.  Why not cut half the sides off the menu and make the remaining half from scratch with some effort?
Service - 4-stars.  People friendly at least.  Can't argue there.
Atmosphere - 1 star.  Place totally empty doesn't bode well
Cleanliness - 1 star.  Dirty everywhere, behind the counter crap everywhere, bathroom dirty.  Just not clean inside no reason for it.
Big Paul's is one of the better rib joints in town. 
The ribs actually do fall off the bone.
And the BBQ sauce is spicy and sweet.
I'd go back but only if I were in the area...like getting a foot massage at Best Foot Massage which is right around the corner.
This little gem we found on our trek for a good replacement BBQ place after our favorite place Outlaws closed. The meat was tender spicy BBQ sauce savory, and I love that it's a family run business. We had the pleasure of making Big Paul's acquaintance, so hospitable and accommodating. I think we've found a new spot :)
Man this is some really good BBQ... Before finding Big Paul's I would either go to Famous Dave's or Memphis Championship BBQ. Finally some decent Texas BBQ in Vegas. One look at the meat and you know it's been cookin' for awhile. I've been here twice so far and both times got the brisket. I wanted to try the other stuff but the brisket is so damn good! Some real good smoky flavor, nice and tender. I tried both the mild and spicy sauces. They're both good but I lean more towards the spicy. The only sides I've tried are the beans. Initially I thought they were just ok but the more I ate the better I liked them. It's a mom and pop shop and the place isn't much to look at but who cares the food is awesome. It's not as cheap as I thought it would be. I spent almost $40 the last time.  For that I got 2 1lb orders of brisket, a half lb order of the chopped pork, and 3 small sides of beans. But even still I don't mind because it's that good. The only negative I would say is that they do not give enough sauce. A small container for a pound of meat isn't enough. If you want extra they charge $1 extra per little container. Beyond that can't really find any gripes. I really enjoy the food and will definitely be going back.
Wow, I was not expecting to like this place.

I had just come from losing a lot of money at the casino, so I was feeling really depressed and down on my luck.  I decided to check out this place, even though my expectations were at zero.  I've traveled all over Vegas in my quest for the best BBQ place and I've been consistently disappointed at every turn, so I figured this place would be no different.

I ordered the "Bounty Hunter" two-meat combo with brisket and pulled pork (they were unwilling to offer baby back ribs, to my dismay)...and it was delicious.  So soft and flavorful.  It's a little dry without the BBQ sauce, but the sauce itself is so sweet and sassy, I didn't mind drenching my meats completely.  I'm going back to try the baby back ribs next time.  If it's as good as I think it will be, I'll definitely bump this place up to a 5 star rating.

My biggest gripe is the bread that they served with the meal...I was expecting garlic bread or something, but it was just a toasted hamburger bun.  Also, they only served can drinks (even though I saw a soda fountain there--out of order?).  And, as is typical at a lot of these BBQ places, the prices are really high.  Yet somehow, despite the fact that I lost more than $100 that day, I left feeling somewhat contented.
Used my Yelp App on my phone while driving around the area. Found this place and suddenly had the urge for bbq. Not only that, I got 10% off from their announcement deal from the app!

As soon as I opened my car door, I took a whiff of the smokiness that fillled the air and that just totally got me in the mood..

Lunch (and leftovers for dinner):

Spare Ribs and Red Beans & Rice: I wanted riblets but they ran out. The lady told me that the Spare Ribs are exactly the same just bigger. It came plated with 3 large ribs, side of corn bread, bbq sauce and I asked for a hot bbq sauce as well. The ribs were delicious, not finger lickin' but just had a great smokey flavor. Not fall off the bone but just right. The bbq sauce was on the sweet side and the hot version wasn't much different just had a little kick to it. The cornbread was a mini muffin and nothing special. I didn't care too much for the red beans and rice. 

Beef Brisket: 1/2 pound of meat in between Burger buns = Hefty Brisket Burger. "Just right" to sum it up in 2 words.. 

Service was Great, lady at the counter was sweet and the owner was very observant. When I started working on the ribs my Brisket Burger wasn't getting any attention and was getting cool at the moment. He came over and placed paper cover over it. Why thank you, sir! Prices fair, Ribs and Brisket recommended and atmosphere was chill (staring at the smoker, for some reason may the food taste better).
I went back for the baby back ribs.  They were spare rib quality, not fall off the bone, tougher and more sparse than what I'm used to.  Still, the pulled pork and chopped brisket is some of the best I've had in Vegas, so I stand by my original 4 star rating.
I bought a groupon for this place since I was going to be in Vegas for business.  I got in on a Sunday evening and tried calling them around 6:30pm.  No one answers multiple phone calls.  I head over there and they say they sold out of food at 7pm.  I said I tried calling multiple times and no one would answer.  The owner just says to call tomorrow and pick up an order.

I get out at around 4pm on Monday and try to call to phone in an order.  Once again, no one picks up multiple phone calls over a 30 minute period.  I'm thinking they must be really busy due to the groupon.  When I get there, there is hardly anyone there.  

I order spare ribs, brisket, and chicken to sample.  They say it'll take an hour.  WTF?  I walk around the area for around 30 minutes and go back when the guy says my order is ready.  At least it wasn't as long a wait as he originally said.

I try all of the meats and every single one of them is dry and not very tasty.  The sauce is decent, but there isn't enough of it to mask the dry meats. 

I think the beans and rice are decent.  But the service and meats were all well below average.
Edit:  Normally after a bad first experience, I would just not return and in this case, I would just ask for a refund from Groupon (which is super easy) but I really like BBQ and this places is very close and convenient to my home so I decided to give it a second chance.

The BBQ is very good, maybe the best in Las Vegas. If I was just rating the food it would probably get 5 stars, but I have to consider the whole experience.

Back to the Groupon part of my dissatisfaction:  

http://www.groupon.com/las-vegas/deals/big-pauls-bbq

Your supposed to get $70 worth of food, the discount is the cost of marketing and acquiring a new customer. I'm exactly the kind of customer these places want to attract. I spend a lot of money out on food every month and I will often try out new restaurants using a discount and then be a return guest without a discount.

They absolutely do not give you what they say your are going to get.

The two slabs of ribs was really about 1.5 at the most, they chop them up before they put them in your to-go box to hide the fact they shorted you.

The large sides are supposed to be 16 ounces according to their website.  They are actually 12 ounces (yes I measured them, because I was already leery about the place). I mean come on, Seriously, how much does 4 ounces of baked beans cost. Give the portion you say you are going to get.

The other crappy thing about their offer is they have nice sides like candied yams, Black Eye Peas, and Corn, but when you try to redeem the family pack they only offer you a few basic sides and not their entire sides menu which is all priced exactly the same ($3.99 for 16 oz)

You get about $40 worth of food, and the food is actually very good, it's to bad they try to short change you to make up for their discount.( They only get about $17 from Groupon) Typical restaurants like this run about a 35% food cost, so $40 worth of food (not the $70 its supposed to be) would cost them about $14. I don't think they realized until after they made these promotions. Or maybe they just make these offers trying to survive (cause Groupon sends them the check right away). I really don't know, Only Big Paul knows but the summary is you definitely don't get the amount of food your are supposed to when using a discount.

The place also needs a thorough cleaning and organization, the cashier where there computer is setup is a major mess. 

I really have mixed feelings about posting here, because I'd like to actually return to Big Pauls, the BBQ is that good but their deceptive business practices really bother me, and my publicly posting bothers me too as they might read my review and recognize me and ??

If they cleaned up the place and were a little less deceptive on their offerings it would be an absolute Gem of a BBQ joint in Las Vegas.

Big Paul, If your reading this I wish you  the best of success, but you will need to clean up the joint in more than a few ways if you want to succeed in the longterm.


Original review Below:

This place is a joke. 

If you are using the groupon they offered a few weeks ago, they treat you differently than if you are a "Paying" customer.

I called to redeeem the "Family Meal Package", but was told that they had sold out of them for the day. I asked if I could substitute some other items since it wasn't my fault they ran out of food. The quick and rude 1 word answer= NO. I asked if I could subsitute some other items like "Beef Ribs" and pay the difference in price =NO.

I asked to speak to Paul (the owner). He matter of factly told me that they had already redeemed 65 packages (seems like BS to me) for the day and were sold out of the promotion for the day, come back on Tuesday. I said, I wanted BBQ today, not on Tuesday. He said "If you don't like it, just call Groupon and ask for a refund ???"

After a little further complaining from me about this being counter intuitive to good business and the whold idea behind using groupon is to attract new customers not chase them away, he gave me the song and dance about how he was just a small mom and pop place that can't afford to give food away every day, that's why they have limits in place, yada, yada, yada.

Needless to say I was rather irritated.  I decided to call back about 5 minutes later using a different phone and no coupon. Miraculously, they now had the items that were previously sold out. Talk about shady & unethical

He didn't have a problem cashing the check Groupon sent him, but seems he doesn't want to pay it back in a timely manner

This guy might no BBQ (didn't actually try it) but he doesn't know caca about how to run a business.

Caveat Emptor (Buyer Beware)


Jason
Let me keep this short and simple. I had already purchased my Groupon when I first read some very negitive comments about the food and service at Paul's. So I called to place my order and the phone was answered by Paul himself.  He could not have been nicer. He was patient and answered all of my concerns. We settled on a convenient  pick-up time for me later in the week. I ordered the Family Dinner Package and when I arrived at Paul's at the appointed hour, my order was packed and ready to go. The quality of the service was exceeded only by the quality and the quantity of the food. Everything was cooked to perfection. The meat was falling off the bone. 40 wings, half hot, half barbeque, wholey delicious. Candied yams and cole slaw delicious. A whole chicken, delicious. Forget Dave's. Forget Lucille's. Paul's got the best barbeque in Vegas. Thank you Groupon for showing me the way. I'll find my way back on my own. Dr. Lou
Although I live pretty close to this place, I've only frequented this place the last couple of months. I wanted to go there a few times before writing my review.

I like BBQ, especially slow smoked meats. And their smoker is great. You can see it smoking in the side-patio. I've tried their spare and baby back ribs, pulled pork, beef briscut and hot links. I like the tenderness and smokey flavor they all contain.

For the sides, all I've really tried, but really like, are the BBQ beens.

The negative reviews seem mostly to do with Groupon. Like other business, it seems like they probably overextended themselves with their Groupon deal!

But I didn't do Groupon for them, so all was great for me!
Had a groupon for a family meal.  Gave us only dark meat (4 legged chicken anyone).  No breast meat (ad was for a whole chicken).  Also gave only small sides.  Not friendly.  Good ribs and beans-had better though and will not go back.
I am upgrading the review of Big Paul's BBQ, because this place is actually getting better.

Pulled Pork, Spare Ribs and the coleslaw were really good and the Sweet Potato Fries were just the right side for a good BBQ meal.

Just sitting in this joint, waiting for your food, is a olfactory delight. I need to plan my next visit as an eat-in so I can enjoy that smell throughout dinner.
Beware if you're trying to use a coupon from Groupon.  I made the mistake of walking in to place an order with coupon in hand and was told I needed to phone in my order.  When I pulled out my cell phone at the counter and proceeded to call and  place the order, I was told I needed to step outside to make the call.  I was also informed the minimum amount of wait time was going to an hour and a half.   No one was behind me in line so the order could have been taken.  In fact, the only people in the place were two elderly women sitting at a table waiting for their order.  

I did not place my order but successfully received a refund from Groupon for the coupon purchase. The food smelled fantastic, but I refuse to do business with anyone who doesn't respect their customers.  I have subsequently filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau.
I tried to like this place... really, I did. They moved down to Flamingo and Pecos, in a dreary little plaza. (The same one that Metro killed a guy in last year...)

The service is friendly, so that gives them a star. Well, the brisket is OK as well, but it's not worth a second one.

Where did they go wrong? Well, the sides all seemed like they came out of a tin or container, rather than being made fresh. The beans tasted bad, the macaroni salad tasted like it came from Albertson's, and unfortunately, I've had better yams from a can. 

The rib tips were tough as leather, the pork lacked any real taste, and the sausage link kind of tasted like something from Hormel. 

They rushed to open in the new location, so when we went, they only had canned drinks available. 

The brisket was quite good, but, I just can't think of a reason to go back to this place. It's a real shame, because the place came very highly recommended.
The best BBQ in Vegas , my favorite is the rib tips, the also make some of the best fried chicken around. Great food all around. They have also moved to 3205 E. desert inn Rd, las Vegas, NV 89121. They been at the new location for only a couple of weeks
Had a slab of St louis ribs,my gf had pulled pork.Ribs were fatty,seemed reheated,and were already cut up,didnt look like a full slab.Corn muffins were a zero,I asked if the potatoe salad was made there.It tasted like the commercially made stuff from 5 gallon pails.Baked beans were great,and so was the pulled pork.I liked the spicy sauce and the mild was good too.Mediocre at best.I would give it another try except that with the filth in the dining area,counter and bathroom was unacceptable.I can only wonder what the kitchen is like and how old the food is.
Honestly, I'd give this place negative stars if I could. The food was ok, but as a paying customer, I expect to be treated with courtesy and not like a criminal.

I live very close (less than 5 minutes by car) to this place and was very excited to have a bbq place in the neighborhood; so excited that when my cousin came to visit, I recommended we give it a try. We drive up there and place our order with who we later found out was the owner (yes, Big Paul himself). He was not the friendliest of guys, but the prices were reasonable, we were hungry, and the place smelled great so I overlooked it.

We brought our food home and I was ready to sink my teeth in to a juicy smoked rib, only to bite down in to a tough, rubbery piece of meat that I literally could not chew. But the sauce was pretty tasty and we'd ordered other items so though I was disappointed by the ribs, I moved on to the brisket and pulled pork. Neither was anything to write home about, but the meat was at least chewable and as I said before the sauce was good. 

We finished eating and my pregnant cousin reached in to her bag for dessert, only to find that they had forgotten to include her peach cobbler. No big deal, we lived close and they deliver. She called the restaurant to inform them of the mistake. They did not offer to deliver it to us, but agreed when asked. My cousin also asked if she could be upgraded to a large as compensation for the mistake. The girl on the other end said "that shouldn't be a problem." 

The delivery guy shows up at the house with a small peach cobbler. My cousin asks about the large and the driver knows nothing about it. She repeated what the girl on the phone had told her and he said he would call and find out what happened. The delivery guy gets in his car to use the phone and a minute later we hear his car drive away, assuming he was going to get the large cobbler. We wait half an hour and then my cousin calls again. This time the owner gets on the phone. My cousin politely explains what happened to him and we were both STUNNED when the owner begins shouting at her and saying that he "waisted gas" sending his driver to her and if she didn't want a small, that was "her problem." Still in shock, my cousin explains that there must have been a misunderstanding. Still rude, the owner says that she can come pick up her money (which was only $2.99 by the way) but he was done with the whole situation. He would not even listen to her speak.  At this point my cousin is becoming upset (not to mention hormonal, because she is pregnant). She tries voicing how displeased she is with the way she is being treated and the owner asks her is she BELIEVES IN GOD!!! WTF?!?!? What did that have to do with anything? How unprofessional can you be?!  

Incredibly annoyed by now, I accompany my cousin back to the restaurant. Again, it was only $3 but she still wanted the peach cobbler (again, pregnant).  We walk in and she says to the owner, "Sir I ordered a peach cobbler and..." Before she could finish speaking he opens the register and cuts her off to say "There's your money, now you can go." Shocked again, my cousin says "I would just like to say that I am very disappointed with..." He cuts her off again, "You made your point, now get out. If you don't leave now, I'll call the cops. I've got you on camera and I know your address." (Which was actually MY address because she doesn't live here in Vegas). 

By now, my cousin is PISSED. "Call the cops." She tells him, "I've done nothing wrong. All I wanted was to upgrade a small peach cobbler to a large, no one even bothered to ask me if I was willing to pay the additional money for an upgrade! I'm a paying customer!" He gets on the phone and dials the police. To avoid any trouble, we left the restaurant both disappointed and confused. As we are getting in to the car, the owner follows us outside to read off the license plate number to my cousin's rental car to the police (supposedly) on the phone. 

My experience here was so horrible and so disappointing, I will NEVER eat here again. I wish the opposite were true, but in my opinion bad service out weighs good bbq sauce. Never in my life have I been so disrespected and treated like a criminal just for ordering dessert. Especially when it was THEM who made the mistake in the first place. They really need to learn how to do business with people or they surely will not last long.
Ordered delivery from these guys last week, was pretty excited about a BBQ place being nearby that delivered!

The delivery took almost an hour and a half. About 30 min longer than I was originally told.

I got the three meat, two side combo for 19.99. The ribs and hot links were good, the brisket was just ok. Neither the baked beans nor the potato salad particularly impressed me. 

The real deal breaker for me was the sauce. It was just not good. It was bitter and tasted more like a vinaigrette than a BBQ sauce. 

Kind of a disappoinment. I hate to jump on the "Vegas has no good barbecue" bandwagon but every place I've tried has either been inconsistent (Adam's Ribs) or overpriced (Lucille's, Memphis Championship BBQ). If anyone has a good suggestion for Vegas BBQ I'm all ears!
My second experience with Big Paul's.  The first one we went for lunch in the restaurant.  I didn't notice the dirt everyone is speaking of probably because the aroma was overriding my ability to think of stuff like that.  I had the 2 item with brisket (not the best or the worst I've had) and pork ribs (delicious).  I had greens (could use some work I think he can do better).  This time I had a rack of ribs, wings, cole slaw and green beans.  The wings are pretty good, cole slaw was yummy as were the green beans (fresh).  I am very happy Paul's is in my neighborhood and delivers promptly.  I met him the first time and he was very nice- I don't know what happened in these other instances but I found him cool.
Will be visiting here some more!
Originally I was going to get Subway for lunch, but once I noted there was a BBQ joint flyer stuck to our front door, my fiance seemed immediately interested in ordering, so we went ahead and jumped on the BBQ delivery boat... 

The guy on the phone was very pleasant, he even said at the end of the convo, "And I'll see you in 45 minutes!". So I guess that's the same guy who dropped off my food. We ended up ordering their $19.99 combo. 3 meats and 2 sides. We went with the ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. 

Delivery time was perfect, just about 40 minutes when our food arrived. 

As for the food. Pulled pork and brisket were pretty decent. But the pork seemed overly shredded. It will work well for BBQ pork sandwiches which I plan on making tomorrow for dinner. The brisket pulled apart really well, but the seasonings were not exactly right.. The ribs tips: meh. Fatty, and the parts that were not fatty were kind of like eating jerky. I'll pass on those next time. 

Sides. I ordered french fries, which I know is a terrible idea considering they have to be delivered, but I REALLY wanted some starch/carbs because I've been keeping them out of my diet for awhile. They were okay, and had some cajun seasoning on them. Macaroni salad... blah. I think it came out of a can or something. It was bland. Although the noodles were at least not soggy/gross. 

Extra side - I ordered mozzarella sticks because my fiance loves them. They were, um, kind of weird. I'm pretty sure they came out of a box and were just warmed up. Plus - no marinara sauce to dip them in. Womp womp. Lesson learned.

Honestly I'd probably order from here again just because they deliver BBQ to my house, which is awesome and better than driving to Famous Dave's for super mediocre BBQ.
wings are good and sweet potatoes fries. the rest of the food is dry and the staff is rude. if you have a gift certificate they selectively decide when it's valid. will never go back
This is better than a lot of the BBQ choices in Las Vegas.  That is not saying a ton, but it's good.  I had the 2 meat combo, I chose chicken and hot links.  The chicken had a very nice smokey flavor, but was dry.  The hot links were flavorful, but I would have liked more heat.  I will say it was quite a bit of meat for the price ($15.99).

For sides, I had potato salad, red beans and rice, and fried okra.  A number of other yelpers have commented the potato salad seems store-bought.  I agree.  The red beans and rice was good, but I could have used more flavor.  The okra was the star.  It's cornmeal crusted, not battered and deep fried like most places.  Very good, and quite a lot in the order.

Drinks are 50 cents for refills.  This annoys me coming from a fountain.  I would rather they charge a quarter more per drinks and give refills.

A lot of yelpers had issues with service.  I did not.  The employees I encountered were very friendly and helpful.  I will definitely return.
I wanted to love this spot. BUT........It's not good at all. I got the 2 meat combo with pulled pork and the brisket. The brisket was dryer than shoe leather and the flavorless sauce couldn't help mask it. And the pork, while not quite as dry as the brisket, it lacked in any sort of smoke flavor, or any real flavor for that matter. Got 2 sides with my combo, the baked beans were pretty good, while the potato salad was not to my taste or anyone in my group.

One friend got the smoked chicken sandwich and another tried the sausage, the chicken was beyond dry and the sausage had a really odd texture as if it were over ground.

Still waiting for a legit BBQ joint in Vgeas.
worst ever. DO NOT GO HERE! We ordered alot of food over the phone because we had a flyer on the door.So we waited an hour.And after an hour the guy called me and said "are you sure your in our delivery area?" wtf yes you put a flyer on our door. Oh he said well how do i get there? im on my way. Which was clearly a lie because i could hear the restaurant in the background. I said you have not even left yet? He called me rude and i said cancel my order and hung up. Worst service ever.
im a fan. i went for my birthday with the family. we ordered a $100 combo with some other things as well. i am not the biggest BBQ fan and dont consider myself to know much about BBQ but i enjoyed everything. i really like the sausage and fried chicken.
i also had a to go order of the sausage jambalaya, which was my first time trying. i got the hottest number 5 ( not that hot) it was really good.
I like this place. Big Paul himself is always friendly towards me whenever I go in there. Brisket and ribs are my favorite. Love the spicy bbq sauce and the ribs are nice and meaty. Can't go wrong with the delivery specials.
Only thing is...they need to get rid of the Cafe Verdi sign that is still on the east side of the building.
Glad to have a good bbq spot so close to me.
Love this place eat here a few times a month for lunch always get the brisket special w/sauce on the side.
Never disa pointed.
My husband and I are from Texas and love legit barbeque. We have dined in and also placed a delivery order. Both times we got the $19.99 3 meat 2 side deal with brisket, ribs and pulled pork and bbq beans and patato salad. Everything is fresh and the meat is tender and delicious, we definitly had plenty leftovers for lunch. The spicy barbeque sauce is highly recommended. Only down fall is the fried okra, we added a side of it both times and the batter seems too burnt and doesnt taste as expected. Staff is friendly and we will definitly be back!
First time i recognized this BBQ hole in the wall place while driving by. I got what I expected : good brisket and excellent coleslaw and macaroni salad.  The lunch specials are a good deal: it was fast and satisfying. The staff were all very nice. I plan to go back to try other sides of many listed on the menu.
Horrible! If you know Texas BBQ you know this ain't it. And How many times can you refry something and still get people to pay for it? Just ask Big Paul about his onion rings , he can tell you. Chicken is dry and the brisket was just plain eh .  Further more I find it very disturbing that "Big Paul's Texas BBQ" is anti-2nd amendment and doesn't allow law abiding citizens to carry in his restaurant. I  didn't find this out until our second try there.
Decor: Looks like a wild west gift shop.  Clutter, badly displayed and not very clean.

Menu: confusing as the decor.

Food quality: I ordered the pulled pork and got luke warm, under-cooked pork.  I ordered the "spicy" sauce and it wasn't even mixed into the meat.  It was just a glob of psuedo-solidified mess on top of the meat.  And spicy?  Not even close.

This is not a place I will visit again, or recommend to anyone I actually like.
I'm a big fan of pulled pork barbecue, collard greens and black eyed peas.. and this place is a welcome neighborhood find.  SOOOO tasty.. and super friendly folk too -
Just ordered some food for delivery, and the person on the phone and the delivery person were both wonderful. Courteous, professional, welcoming.

Sadly, the food was surprisingly bad. I ordered rib tips and brisket, and requested spicy sauce. I'm 99% sure I got mild sauce by mistake, but if somehow I did receive the 'spicy' sauce, then I'm offended by what they call 'spicy.' Either way, the sauce was dull in all aspects - not sweet enough, not salty enough, not packing any other flavors well enough. Besides the sauce being bad, it was poured over my meats in extreme excess, vastly overcompensating for their poor preparation. My food was DRENCHED in sauce, so much that I could hardly distinguish the meat from the soupy red mess.

The rib tips had decent texture and were cooked satisfactorily, not much to complain about there, and definitely nothing to praise. But the brisket was somewhat like soggy cardboard. I was only able to eat about 3 rib tips and 2 pieces of brisket before I actually threw the rest of it away. I really hate wasting food, but there was just no chance that I could actually eat any more of this. The beans were ok - somewhat odd, but I can't put my finger on exactly why. I don't think I can directly criticize the beans, and I'll probably finish eating them as leftovers tomorrow.

Nonetheless, I could tell that somebody probably knew something in their kitchen, and I could probably find something else on the menu that I would really enjoy. If I'm ever in a jam for some reason, I'll give them another try, and just avoid all of the items I ordered today.
A great man once said, "Most folks don't know no more 'bout BBQ than a pregnant sow knows 'bout Neiman Marcus."

I was going to give this 3 stars because it doesn't really suck but it isn't really BBQ either. The style is what I would call East Texas Church Picnic; the meats are all overcooked and the sauce is way too thick and sickeningly sweet. OK, their sauce does really suck. The potato salad was bland and insipid as well.

Brisket is the King, Here the king is undersmoked and over trimmed. Brisket for a Brave New World, or sadly just for the 21st century? I watched the video on their website and it appears they use modern digitally controlled ovens instead of traditional pits. These smoker/ovens produce a very consistent product but it tends to be a little sterile and soulless.

If you like this style of BBQ and many do, go for it. I hope that maybe some of their Southern specialties are good but I doubt that I will return. After I read my review I could not justify 3 stars.
About once a month, for the past year, I have ordered delivery from Big Paul's BBQ, and I have never had anything less that perfect service - ordering, delivery, and especially the food!
One particular time, they were a bit busy, and Paul himself delivered...incredibly friendly, and certainly appreciative of the business!
The food is great...I can't compliment it higher!
Tried the brisket the other day, and it was excellent.  Juicy and tender, it's a definite re-order.  They put the sauce on top, next time I'll ask them to put it on the side, so I can just eat some brisket by itself.
Always a must when I'm in vegas.  The owner paul really has it down when it comes to BBQ, used to go to his old location for years.  My mouth starts to water with anticipation just headed here.  I have not ever had a bad item from this place.  His food is amazing, you just can't beat the taste of BBQ that is actually Cooked in a Smoker versus grilled like most places.  His sides are great as well, I usually hate cole slaw, but I could eat the one here all day.

This place is defiantly worth going out of your way to visit, its nothing special to look at, but it seems as the best holes in the wall are always like that.

Say Hi to paul, eat too much here, then take a nap.
A little background before I get started on my full review. As a teenager I grew up in Atlanta. Soon after I got my first car I would spend every weekend filling my car up with gas and driving in the hopes of finding a new barbecue joint in the middle of nowhere. Many weekends I was very successful others not so much. Since then I've made it a point to try every barbecue joint I get a chance to since I spend a lot of time on the road. Today I would say I was successful and this place is a success! The smell of the barbecue as I walked in the door was amazing. The lady behind the front counter was very courteous and took my order quickly. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time I ordered pulled pork and fried okra. It came out without much fanfare on a bun, dry with a bottle of sauce to go with it. Overall the pork was very good moist and flavorful. The fried okra was clearly made on the spot from scratch. Not the best I've ever had but certainly no slouch. Although the fried okra was a little bit overcooked for my taste. The restaurant was very quiet and there were no other visitors although I did come in at 2:30 PM. Overall I would say successful. I will be back. I saw a fantastic deal for chicken and ribs so I'll have to try that.
Not the best BBQ i've ever had, but definitely fan-worthy.  The best part about this place is that they deliver good quality BBQ with a pretty impressive delivery radius, and no extra charge.  

My wife and I have ordered from here 4 or 5 times over the last month, and have tried most of their BBQ options, the Fried Chicken, and quite a few sides.  

I have enjoyed it every time, and the flavor of their meat is very good, though i will agree with several of the other posts that they go WAY overboard on the sauce.  We like sweet sauces, and theirs has a nice tang to it, but MAKE SURE TO ORDER THE SAUCE ON THE SIDE.  I cannot stress this enough.  They put enough sauce on the meat to make it more like a BBQ soup.   .  

I also recommend ordering early in the day, and getting their smoked ham.  They always run out of it by late morning or early afternoon, because it is phenomenal.
Good food overall but the storefront could use some work to make for a nicer dining experience. The place was clean and service was fine. I would absolutely order take out or delivery from here.
The meats were excellent and that's what BBQ is all about.
Visiting LV and had a need for "Q". Took the family; three kids and two adults.  Happened to be near Paul's and chose it for the reviews.
We didn't order a varied selection; spare ribs, baked potato with pulled pork and lots of sides that served as appetizers.  Beans, jalapenos, fries and mozzarella sticks.
The ribs were excellent.  A little too much sauce but the meat was smoked and cooked perfectly. Meat almost fell off the bone.  Not too fatty and had a great texture.  
Pulled Pork was cooked perfectly and tasty.
Don't go for the atmosphere. It's a cold shopping center store front but that said, Paul's a sweet, charming guy and that made it great.  We'd go back.
Decided to give these guys another shot, and I'm glad I did. Ordered the 3-meat combo for 19.99 with ribs, chicken and brisket, plus a baked potato and baked beans. First off, the ribs were FANTASTIC. Next time I may get just a slab of ribs. The chicken was really good, the brisket was a bit dry for my taste. 

What really won me over though, were the beans. They are some of the best I've had in a long long time. HUGE improvement over last time.
I am a creole myself and have YET to find someone who can cook some food like my family. Fish was cooked so crispy but nice and soft on the inside. I'm usualy very stand-off-ish when it comes to restraunts calling themselves "creole food". But you guys earn my vote for sure!!!!

Can I please have it everyday? :)
Great food ! Wife and I have to split one order there is so much!!  Is not 5 star restaurant but the food is good and service is great ! I recommend this place
My boyfriend likes this place but when I went in to pick up his food I saw a roach crawling on the wall ewwww disgusting never going back again
Pretty good barbecue.  I ordered the brisket which was good. The beans were tasty too. The service was good and it looked pretty clean. I will go back and try the ribs I think. 

Definitely worth a try. It has been good so far.
Place has A rating and appeared clean.Umbelievable menu range.Excellent cole slaw and ribs. So much food that I had to bring home.  Check out their $20 for 2 deals!
 Food good and prices as good.This is on my list as a place to keep going back! Seriously it has been years since I have had real Southern cooking
Yum!  Cannot wait to try their Friday night hickory smoked prime OR the catfish
..
Love this place.  I wish I could make it more often!  The food is delicious and since my very first visit the owner has remembered me (despite my once every other month average) and has always provided great and friendly service!  The friends that I have referred here have loved it as well.  I'd venture to say it ranks as some of the best BBQ in Las Vegas.  Right up there with some of the chains!
So the husband and I wanted some good bbq. We get to the restaurant and  it takes fifteen minutes to order. Nobody was there but us and another guy.  He had already ordered. We waited over forty five minutes for our food.  So we sat down to eat. The meat wasn't seasoned nor tasteful. I ordered the greens, yams, and half of chicken. My husband had two meat combo, chicken and ribs with baked beans. The best thing was the baked beans and the orange soda. The rest was a mess. The meat tasted like it was boiled. No seasonings. Chicken wasn't cleaned. We were siting there eating when a cockroach crosses the table. Well that was the deal breaker.  We immediately asked for to go trays for our dog to finish.
I've had Big Paul's atleast 10 times in the last year.

I've never been disappointed. Starting off with the Sweet Tea, it's always delightful and refreshing.

The food is excellent. I can't help myself with the catfish AND shrimp Poboy. The shrimp is HUGE and tastes incredible. The bbq beans are always a perfect side dish. The sauce itself, spicy or regular, always does the trick. They never hold back on the meat. The food is typically messy, and good BBQ/Southern food is supposed to be. And I would know ;)

They have a fairly good size selection of food. Missing a few things like some homemade macNcheese, but you'll suffice.

Big Paul himself is a super nice fellow, and it's a VERY family orienated place.

It might not be the #1 BBQ spot in town, I'm not sure what is just yet, but I'll always be a fan and I'll always go out of my way to eat here when I'm in that mood!
I'm sad to report that Big Paul's is not open any longer.  They wouldn't answer the phone on Saturday so I went over and they were gone.
This joint is CLOSED permanently as I didn't see a MOVED sign.
Spacious!  Seats up to 150 guests.
Nice ambiance with appropriate decors.
3 sinks!  Yes, right in the hallway near the restrooms, so your hands can freshen up before you dig right into your next round cajun yumminess or desserts :)

That pretty much sums up some of the important observations while I was at the newly opened Cravin' Cajun, the latest Louisiana crawfish boils restaurant to open up in Las Vegas.

CC serves the same kind of menu offered by other restaurants in the same category. The seasoning comes in three (possibly four) options: Kiddie Cajun (Lightly seasoned), Cravin's Cajun (the restaurant's signature blend), Lemon Pepper (A Cravin's favorite), and maybe Ravin' Cajun! (their combination of all of their flavors). Then you can further specify the heat levels: Mild, Medium, Hot, Crazy Cravin' Hot.

I tried the shrimp with the Cravin' Cajun (medium) and it was served up in the familiar plastic bag over white butcher paper covered table.  And I really enjoyed the flavor of the Cravin' Cajun blend.  I also normally wear a pair of disposable plastic glove when eating this kind of food, but opted to go all natural today, and the shrimps were still piping hot. Wearing disposable gloves may help prevent your sensitive fingertips from getting burned, plus your hands will not required the through soap and hot water treatment afterward.

Not into seafood served in a bag?  They also have Cravin' Cajun Baskets of Fried Chicken Strips, Fried Catfish, Fried Oyster, and Fried Shrimp served Fries.  Cravin' a Po-Boy?  They have Catfish, Crawfish Tail, Oyster, Shrimp and Cajun Sausage Po-Boys to satisfy your tummy. Still not interested???  How about their signature Etouffe, Jambalaya, Gumbo, Seafood Salad, Corn n' Crab Chowder or Lobster Bisque? They serve just about everything you could think of to order here, EXCEPT Fried Okras (Sorry Misti).

Anyway, I plan to come back for dinner and try other stuff on their menu when I am more hungry.

And in case you do not know where this soon to be popular Cajun crawfish/shrimp/crab/clams boil dining destination is located at, it is in the same strip mall as a few other local Yelp favorites (China Mama, HK Star) on S. Jone Blvd, between Spring Mountain and Desert Inn Rd.

Service was good.  The waitress (Myrene)  was attentative, without breating down your neck. Although I would not object to that in a different setting.

Price is on par with the others. $9.99 for 1# of crawfish, $10.99 for shrimp, etc.

Ambiance is pleasant, interior design work that went into the construction of this restaurant is nicely thought out (3 hand sinks!) and elegantly executed.

4 stars! Yay! I'm a fan, and I will ask friends to come along later tonight :)
Cravin' Cajun is the new place to get crawfish!

Place is very spacey with around 12 tvs throughout... awesome!
I couldn't really help but to compare this place to Hot n Juicy since I frequent there a lot so I guess I am kind of biased. This place is kind of like Hot n Juicy... except fancier! 

However, this place definitely has a larger selection of foods than Hot n Juicy. I got the crawfish in cravin' cajun in both medium and crazy hot. I don't think they mastered their sauce yet since the medium really had no flavor except the spicyness but the crazy hot had a lot of flavor to it. I also got their catfish po-boy which tasted just like a filet o fish except.. fresher. Their corn also isn't as sweet as hot n juicys. Our server was also super duper nice and very attentative. Anywhos, if you're near the area and want to try something new, this is the it place!

Po-Boys: $9-11
Etouffe, Jambalaya, Gumbo, lobster bisque: $12-13
Dessert: philly cheesecake, peanut butter cream pie, key lime pie, red velvet cake : $4-6
The sweet potatoe fries, cajun wings, and catfish are killer! Nice clean place lots of T.V.s really good service.
This is me and my boyfriends new favorite seafood place! This restaurant is definitely much better looking than Hot n' Juicy and more spacious as well. Besides this, the food was very tasty and best of all, not overpriced! Our server, Maddie was very attentive and friendly. Our drinks were always filled! She really made us feel at home. We honestly had no complaints throughout our entire lunch. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for some yummy affordable seafood in Las Vegas.
Hot N' Juicy has another contender to look out for.  Where they don't quite beat Hot N' Juicy in flavor of their seafood, they really kick it up a few notches in terms of friendly and fast service, the attention to detail in decor, and an expanded menu in terms of variety compared to Hot N' Juicy.

Service:
- The food came fast!  Drinks came quick!  Waters and drinks were refilled even when it was semi-busy on a Friday night.

Food:  There's lot of variety to choose from, but we stuck to our usual...
- Cravin' Cajun style shrimp - This was comparable to Hot N' Juicy's Special Sauce, but not as spicy.  Somehow not as tasty, tangy and addicting, but still very enjoyable.
- Lemon Pepper shrimp with Corn - Also comparable to Hot N' Juicy but lacked some sort of addictive ingredient.  Is it MSG?  Heh.
- Deep Fried Catfish Basket - Now, this is where it's at!  I prefer the catfish preparation here because they thin slice the fish so that there is optimal crunchy breading per fish ratio.  The tartar sauce served along side is perfect!  Extra tart and creamy.
- Deep Fried Oyster Basket - Little nuggets of juicy deep fried oysters.  Yum.
- Cajun Fries - These are tasty and crunchy.  Equivalent tastiness when compared to Hot N' Juicy, but the downside, they get soggy after sitting in their own steamy heat.  I've got an easy solution for that:  Just eat it all quickly!  Problem solved for soggy fries.

Bonus! -  Extra seasoning shakers available to "BAM" the heck out of anything.  
Bonus 2! - A thoughtful addition of sinks just outside the restrooms, gives patrons the convenience of being able to quickly run over and wash their hands.
Bonus 3! - (for my man) - Big variety of all kinds of beer

Conclusion:  They just opened about a week ago, and I think there is A LOT of potential in the place.  There's still MANY dishes to try:  dessert, jambalaya, ettouffee, crabcakes.  We might just bypass Hot N' Juicy's lines and wait to go to Cravin' Cajun.
For all you die-hard Hot N Juicy goers, Cravin' Cajun is definitely worth a try
I am a frequenter of Hot N'Juicy so when I saw that Cravin Cajun was open, I had to check it out!

First off, I love having to work for my food- be it shrimp, crab, lobster, crawfish...anything.  My other half, no go- he does not want to put in work to get to his food.  When I told him I wanted to check this place out, he wasn't too thrilled until I told him they had jambalaya, etouffe, lobster bisque, gumbo and more- he was all for it!

We arrived about 8:30pm on a Monday night, it was pretty empty but the place is clean, nicely decorated, had plenty of seating and staff was very friendly and helpful.  I ordered a pound of shrimp in the Cravin Cajun special sauce, crazy hot, the mister had the jambalaya.  My sauce was kicking my butt!  I ordered rice on the side and they came with extra sauce (no charge).  The mister's jambalaya came with garlic bread and huge shrimp on top.  He added some of my extra sauce on his shrimp to give it some extra kick!

My pound of shrimp was large and plump- the last few times I went to HNJ, the shrimp there was kinda small and some tasted soft (likely frozen?).  The shrimp here was large and firm, I loved it!  Next time I'll just go with the medium so I could enjoy it more.  The sauce was also not as garlicky as HNJ, which could be neither good or bad- other reviewers have said "not enough flavor" but  could it be not as flavorful because there's not a ton of garlic in it?  hmmm...could be...BUT I enjoyed it.  It had just enough flavor and plenty of kick!  I did also enjoy that my hands didn't stink of garlic and that I wasn't sweating garlic the next day!

Overall, this is a definite return for me!! I want to try EVERYTHING on their menu, with medium spice next time LOL!!

OH- and the extra sauce? Putting it over rice is good, BUT dipping the garlic bread in it is SOOO much better!!
I really loved how this place wasn't an insane wait and crowded like Hot & Juicy Crawfish.  Don't get me wrong, their tables and booths do fill, but their service stays great.  The staff was very friendly, and helpful.  My party of 8 ordered a lot of food and our server never forgot any of our orders.  There was so much cajun food to choose from...from Etoufee to crawfish.  I really recommend their Cravin' Cajun flavored shrimp and clams!  We also tried the lemon pepper one as well, but liked their signature seasoning better.  Their sweet potato tots were yummy and their fried catfish was delicious and fresh.  Their fried oysters were crispy and plump.  We tried their chicken wings (which were a good full size) and it came with a lemon pepper sauce on the side.  Their dessert was a little overpriced for the size it came in.  We ordered a keylime pie for $3-$4  and it was  this dinky cupcake-looking tart.  I don't recommend dessert, but the seafood was bomb.
Iodine high. Hi seafood. Food Tasty. Tasty service.

Came in, it wasn't too busy so they offered both of us a table or booth. Booth indeed!

We looked at the menu, and they had 3 levels of hot, as well as 3 different seasonings. We placed our order for 1 lb of snow crab legs cravin' Cajun seasoning at medium hot, and 1 lb for shrimp both Cajun seasonings mixed. Plus corn drenched in bag with shrimp and a basket of sweet potato fries.

Our server was in- tuned to us which makes it a sweeter visit. Speaking of sweet, Sweet potato fries- score! Oh I'm not a sweet potato fan, but the bf wanted it, and our server definitely Recommend trying it. Our server brought it out with a side of roumalade sauce(a spicy Cajun mayo), so don't forget to ask for that. It doesn't really go, but it gives the potato's the culture so it's not left out. Post sweet potato fries, It's a good- different, i actually recommend trying it if you want to try something new.

Then came our snow crab legs. You know what I love about this bag? The spices and hot level was perfect that I can still enjoy the real taste of a juicy crab meat.  Same goes for shrimp. So yes they pick their sea folks meticulously.

And the Corn. Yum. Case-closed. 

I'd like to come back and try their other stuff soon.
**Summary**
       - Flavor - The sauce they use pales in comparison to Hot & Juicy. It didn't stick onto the seafood. It was half a step up from just steaming the shrimp and eating it as is.
       - Consistency - I was told by someone else that ate with us that the sauce today was watered down and that usually it was a lot thicker. With that said, I like to gamble at casinos and not with my dinner.
**Ordered**
       - $11.99 1lb Shrimp - The shrimps were a bit larger than at Hot & Juicy. This is probably the only good thing I can say. The sauce was watery and lacked almost all flavor. They had to bring out some hot sauce for us to dip it in. I had four pieces of corn in my bag since the corn usually picks up the flavor of the sauce and tastes delicious. Unfortunately, the corn here tasted like it was just steamed. I had to add salt to eat it.
       - $10.99 1lb Crawfish - The crawfish are about the same size as Hot & Juicy, but like the shrimp, the flavor was lacking.
       - $2.99 Canjun Fries - The canjun fries were good.
       - $6.99 Cajun Wings - The wings had more of a sweet sauce to it. It was a bit of a let down.
**Recommendations**
       - I wouldn't recommend this place. Maybe I just went on a bad day, but the experience was so bad I don't think I'll be giving them a second chance.
Yay! I love me some Cajun food! I was very excited when I saw that Cravin Cajun had finally opened since the place.

I went here on a Thursday night around 7ish, it wasn't crowded which was good because I seriously hate waiting and plus I was starving. We were greeted by the hostess and we got to pick where to sit. 

As we looked at the menu I noticed they have a lot of selections. I also noticed the dessert menu mmm yummy! Down to the food; my bf ordered a lbs of crawfish with the cravin cajun seasoning, my daughter ordered a lbs of crawfish with the kiddie seasoning and I decided to order a lbs of shrimp with the cravin cajun seasoning. Since I've been wanting to try etouffe for the longest time I decided to order that too. I was not disappointed at all! The food was delicious!

The staff was great my water was always filled and they always asked if we found everything ok. 

I am definitely coming back here to get my seafood on!
First Crawfish joint I've tried in Las Vegas and it's practically minutes away from where I reside. Very spacious, love the decor, and sinks outside the restrooms for easy access to wash your hands. I attended Tony T's UYE event for this place and loved seeing yelpers wanting to try something new.

Unfortunately, this was a miss for me. Not so much on the food, but the service itself. I ordered:

1 Crab Cake Appetizer
1 lbs. of Shrimp/Lemon Pepper Seasoning/Mild
Side order of Cajun Sausage and Sweet Potato Tots

The shrimp came out  before my appetizer. That's okay, but damn get my order right at least. Two bags came to me that wasn't mine. What a tease!!! And I don't like to be teased.. especially when I'm hungry! The third was what I ordered, But had a corn on the cob added to it. I told the server this isn't mine, since I only ordered the shrimp... she told me that's what I ordered with the lemon pepper mild sauce and walked away!!! WOW okay yeah... So I'm holding this bag of hot shrimp asking everybody at the table if they ordered a corn on the cob with shrimp and nobody did. So instead of the server that completely ignoring me at the counter... I had to flag one guy server that noticed me waving at him. I told him the situation and he said to just keep the corn and he won't charge me for it. Well that's great.. if I like corn, but I don't care for it. So I gave it away to a yelper that actually was going to eat it. 

The shrimp was good. Nice, plump size... great portion and the sauce had enough heat to give it that spice to make it a delicious treat. They had latex gloves and plastic gloves for your perusal.. I picked the plastic, I think the latex gloves are better, since my fingers were still stained even though I had the plastic gloves on. There were right amounts of spice and garlic. I had a piece of garlic bread from my brother that was eating with his girlfriend across the way... I would say the dipping of that bread with the Lemon Pepper sauce was crazy delicious. I could eat loaves with that combination! 

Crab cake was bland, mushy, no flavor for the life of it, and seriously was missing something... I felt like I was eating shredded, soggy mush. For $11 this was a major disappointment, since I'm a HUGE fan of crab cakes. I even asked the server if this was really good. She replied oh yes it's so good. I despise liars... This was not good at all. I highly recommend Not to order this appetizer. The only thing good about this dish was the Sauce! Without it, it would have been a complete disaster and I would have asked to send it back to order something else. I asked the server how is it cooked... she believes its fried, happy to hear.. in that case the outer patty would have at least had some crisp to it or Something! Not one crisp area. You know when a toasted bread gets soaked in water.. that's the texture. The taste was off, no freshness, very plain jane, uninteresting, I could go on, but...

The server thought I ordered sweet potato fries and questioned me if I was sure that's what I ordered, since that's what she had in her hands to give me... I had to tell her a few times... No I know what I ordered and it was sweet potato tots. Ever since I had some from a food truck last week.. I've been having this new love for tots made from sweet potatoes. I'm thinking why question me what I ordered when I just told you what I ordered?!?? Kiddin me?! And there is a big difference between fries and tots, so if that server was thinking I would still take it even though that wasn't what I wanted, the answer would be a big fat no. I won't order something I don't want.... Period. The tots when they finally did arrive was hot and had a good amount of crunch. The flavor was on point and this was my favorite from everything I ordered. This could easily be a dessert if you have some leftover, since it's cold and almost like mini bites of sweetness. 

I was planning on trying out one of their desserts, but the service rendered me to call it a night. 

The bill came and luckily I checked what I ordered.. I thought I was missing something and noticed I was charged for a side of sausage that I didn't even get. When I told that server that I never received it, she questioned me AGAIN! Asking.. oh really?! You didn't get it? Uhm I would know what I ate and yes I didn't eat any sausages the last time I checked. *Hmm wait that didn't sound right?! Haha you know what I mean! Come on... :) So she said she would take it off the bill. I'm waiting for my new revised bill and she's waiting for me to pay her without revising it first. Uhm another no... I'll wait for my revised bill in case you jack me again thank you very much. smh

Loved getting together with fellow yelpers, but didn't enjoy the service. Food could be better, but overall the shrimp and sweet potato tots were wonderful here. 

Heard once you try Hot n' Juicy you'll never come back here... either way I don't plan on coming back.
Dear Hot N Juicy, I am SO sorry that I ever cheated on you...what a BIG MISTAKE I've made. 

P.S.  
Food = Meh....
Service = They are good at charging things wrong and serving appetizers, entrees and sides out of order.
I was here during the opening.  It's ok.  I like the interior design and theme, however the food leaves a lot to be desired. I hope they improve with time.

The flavor simply isn't that strong would be my biggest complaint.  We asked for lots of extra dipping sauce to slather the mud bugs in, but it just wasn't that tasty.

Prices weren't posted anywhere when I was there so it was annoying having to ask.

I saw a couple of notes about the sweet potato bites.  I think this must be a frozen food from Sysco or somebody.  BB King's BBQ restaurant at the Mirage has the same ones and they serve them with caramel sauce that really finishes the dish off nicely.

Also, having had many  crawfish boil in my hometown of Houston, I'm still flabbergasted how West Coast places charge per piece of corn and potato.  It should be included!!! 

All in all, it was ok. Probably won't return.  Having it here just wanted me to do it at home since I can do it way better!

Note: the crab legs are frozen.  Mine were just plain old resulting in a rubbery texture and the meat not filling the shell. The owner took them back after my complaint, bit it was disappointing.  The shrimp were a good size 24-30U I think. No tiger prawns, but decent.
Hit Cravin Cajun' for lunch today. 

Nice looking place - not sure i care for the TV's having different stations playing with the volume on - it gets a little noisy. 

Interestingly, they were filming people post-meal presumably for a commercial. They did ask if i was interested in sharing my thoughts - told them i was too ugly for a TV commercial ! 

Ordered the sausage po boy ($ 8.99 ) with cajun fries and a soda ( $2.50 ) . also ordered the gumbo ( $13.99 ) ad jambalaya ( $11.99 ) to go . 

the servers were attentive. Thought it took awhile to get the food considering it doesn't take much to whip up a po boy and the place wasn't very busy. 

The po boy was a little unusual in it's " construction." The bun was filled with lettuce, tomato and mayo and the sausage basically sat on top of the sandwich as opposed to being in the sammie. I liked the toasted bun, sausage had a nice spice to it but i didn't care for pushing the sausage down into the bun. The fries were decent and plentiful - not sure why they included tartar sauce with a romulade sauce but it worked for me. I prefer a little more cajun spice but not a big issue. 

Once home i couldn't resist trying a bite of the jambalaya and a scoop of the gumbo. Both were decent but i thought the gumbo serving size didn't match the price - felt a little shorted. also, the gumbo seasoning had me scratching my head - just not sure what spice confused me but it didn't ring true to gumbo's i've had in the past. 

Overall, I liked the place ( contrary to some of my picky comments ) and will definitely return to try the " bagged" foods to compare it to H&J. 

pic attached
I took my 11 yr old daughter here coz she loves crawfish... We both liked the place.  It was clean and the service was really good.  I liked that they had a kiddie seasoning, thus my girl really enjoyed the food.  I also liked that they gave me extra sauce for dipping and it was good! This is a place we will definitely go back to.
I ate lunch here to satisfy my curiosity and because it was happy hour, so prices weren't the same as dinner prices.  My order consisted of 1lb shrimp with mild Cajun seasoning, and rice.  I had to keep it Filipino style.  

The shrimp was cooked perfectly, not undercooked and not overcooked where I was struggling to get the shells off.  It was done just right.  Only thing is their cajun seasoning was just okay.  I have had better.  I am also impressed with the rice because they actually serve the good kind and not the cheap kind that most places would serve.

As for the service, they're all very accommodating, friendly, and knows how to make sure their guests are doing okay.  It wasn't just my server asking me, it's also the busboy, a server that isn't my server, the cook, everyone was just super friendly.
I like this place a lot. I know there are more than a few people who won't agree with me but IMO this place is so much better than Hot N Juicy. After I ate here I didn't have the overwhelming taste of garlic in my mouth for the next 48 hours. Which is all I can think about when someone mentions hitting up that other place.

I was here with a group of 3 and we ordered 1lb of shrimp with lemon pepper seasoning, medium heat, 1lb of crawfish with cravin' cajun seasoning, medium heat, sweet potato tots, 3 ears of corn and a bowl of corn n' crab chowder. The waitress offered to have the kitchen split the chowder 3 ways before we even asked. Extra points for her. We had the intention of ordering all this to start with, to share, and then adding on from there but this ended up being the perfect amount of food. Everything was good. I actually have no complaints about the food or the service. I can't wait to go back and try the shrimp and crawfish with the crazy hot level of heat. 

I say give it a try.
Cravin' Cajun has a nice setup. The food was good but not great! I still prefer Hot n Juicy over Cravin' Cajun. The food was a bit salty and service was a bit sour. I think the owner was there he just needs new waiters. I would go there again after a year to give them time to refine things. I ordered crawfish and snow crabs and the waitress only brought us snow crabs . She failed to confirm our entire order. When she finally brought out the crawfish, it was rushed and not cooked all the way. The bags they come in are oversized and wasn't as enjoyable to dig into as they are at hot and juicy. The layout of the resturant is nice and the theme and decoration was nice. I hope next time they do a better job with service and I hope they ease off the salty ingredients.
EXCELLENT dinner!! Enjoyed the food! Enjoyed the ambiance!! Enjoyed the SERVICE!!!! I didn't get the waitress name (REALLY wish I did!) but she was SOOOO nice!!! The guy who looked like the manager was very nice too!! I have been to the Boiling Crab in california, and last time went to Hot and Juicy and did not enjoy as much. I was very impressed with Cravin Cajun!! The restaurant.com certificate helped too!! Will definitely come here when in Vegas next time!!!
Ate here tonight for first time. Much nicer atmosphere then Hot and Juicy.  Food excellent and spicy.  Had crawfish and wife had shrimp.  Priced very reasonable.  Waitress and bus staff very attentive.

Will definitely be back again.
Not happy with the service because Manager Sean is being Jack Ass.My friend and I was there few minuses before the happy hour, and he told us we cannot use our coupon + happy hour together. He said we have to order the food right the way or otherwise we don't get the happy hour. The whole dinner experience was unhappy. We end up talking about this unhappy matter all dinner. 

My friend use coupon + happy hour all the time...

First time there, also my last time visit. 

Watch out when you use your coupon!!!!
This place gets five stars for sure from this shrimp loving gal. Seriously don't understand why it's three star at this time. If you like HOT n JUICY, you'll love this. Personally, I think Hot n Juicy is a bit overrated. 

What Cravin Cajun does have:

Better service. This people here are nice. Always checking up on you at the right times. They even put up the SJ Sharks hockey game for me... on TWO SCREENS with the sound ON! How's that for personal service???

Better decor: Although painted brick murals may seem a bit tacky, it actually adds to the ambience of this joint. The wooden poles give it that pier feel and I can almost smell the salty ocean breeze from here. Almost. It is the dessert now.

Better SHRIMP: Are you kidding me?? These shrimp are way bigger than other places!

Better FLAVOR: The garlic in the sauce was poppin. It was delicious and buttery and ohso heavenly. God, I want some right now! (Don't forget the sweet potato tots to dip those suckers in there. Seriously try it!)

Now, don't listen to me. Go there. Try it for yourself. GOOOO!!
Guuurl! If you want to get your grub on this is the place to be! My friend Lary and I stopped in here for a late dinner on Saturday night. Seems like we came at the right time! It was more of an adult crowd as all the families were leaving and taking their kiddies with them. The look of the restaurant is pretty impressive. Very nicely decorated. Sort of a "by the pier" sort of feel with the brick and wood poles. Love it. 

The service was incredible. We were greeted and seated right away. After one person took our order another server came over to make sure we had everything we needed. Very friendly! Everyone was so attentive. Even as we were paying and leaving the people at the front (who appeared to be the owners) were very nice and asked us what we liked most about the place and offered different menu suggestions for next time. We are totally coming back for that! I like it when people actually give a shet about the customers and try and find better ways to service them! 

The. Food. Was. Incredible! I am a delicate flower! Do you want me to eat with mah HANDS??? Do you know who I am? I don't get my nails done to use them as tools! We ordered two pounds of shrimp lemon peppered and sweet potato fries. The shrimp came in a big plastic bag with the soupy sauce and a small corn cob. My friend had to teach me how to take apart these little monster shrimp to get to the goodness! ha! After the first one, I was a freakin pro! Two pounds was more than enough for the both of us! The shrimp was huge and delicious in the garlicky lemon pepper sauce. Not too spicy either as sometimes "hotness" can take away from the actual taste for me. 

All I can say is WOW! I was very impressed and WILL be returning with my claws to dig out some more seafood!
Very tasty sauce on the seafood.  Shrimp are huge and very sweet.  Fried catfish basket was tasty with sweet potato tater tots and the catfish was moist and lightly crisp.  Will give this place another try when crawfish are in season.  

Happy Hour 2pm to 6pm: $10 Buckets of Beer and $7.99/lb Signature Boiled Crawfish and $9.99/lb Signature Boiled Shrimp and MORE.  During non-crawfish season, frozen crawfish is $6.99/lb during happy hour.
Other discounts include  10% off with UNLV Student ID, but does not work during happy hour or for alcoholic beverages.  

This place is a good alternative when Hot N Juicy has a really long line, but this place needs more happy hour specials to draw customers.
Grilled oysters on the half shell, shrimp, and crab is where its at!

Love the lemon pepper seasoning - I'd recommend this with the crab. I got the craven Cajun sauce with the shrimp.

The Texas toast is yummy and the sweet potato tots are yummy.

The best part I like are the sinks in the hallway before you get to the bathrooms. I know I'm strangely easy to please but I'm about the super efficiency and flexibility.

This place should get more accolades and you'll dodge the hot and juicy rush.

Be sure to utilize the restaurant.com coupons

I'm still licking my fingers from the lemon pepper crab. yum!
Mmm, mmm finger to elbow licking good.  Cravin' Cajun rocked my world last night with their shrimp and crab.  I have been dying to check this place out, and my boyfriend discovered restaurant.com features this place often.  We were able to score a $25 certificate for $4.  

I tried the medium spicy on both with lemon pepper on the crab and the cravin cajun spice on the shrimp.  Of the 2 spices, the lemon pepper was way yummier.  I found myself dredging my sweet potato tots through the explosively flavorful lemon pepper juices.

This was my first experience with one of these types of shellfish in a bag restaurants, so I wasn't sure what to expect.  The service was friendly & efficient with a very laid back atmosphere.  There is absolutely no silverware; everything is considered finger food.  Avoid dry clean only clothing and plan to get very messy.  At first this kinda bothered me, then I got into an animal feasting mentality, in which the only thing I could say was, "It gooooood."  Don't worry about how silly you might look; wear the plastic bib they offer you.  When you're done they have a row of sinks in the back hallway to scrub down your face and arms.
I went here because a friend recommended that it was better than hot n juicy. When i went, the place was empty, so there wasnt any wait. I ordered
crabs and gumbo. The server was incredibly nice & on top of everything. Our food just wasnt satisfying though. It was barely mediocre. I was sad that the taste didnt make the seafood price worth it.
Received an impressive 16 shrimp per pound ordered. My bag was full of nice, big '16-20 count' head-on shrimp (not live but still firm and tasty) with 4 corn-on-the-cobs in the bag. It's what I always get when trying out a place like this. House spice at the 'hot' level is as flavorful and spicy as Hot And Juicy Crawfish's (HAJC) 'medium' but not as 'fermented' or 'stinky' and as a result my clothes didn't smell like old garlic when I got home. None of these types of places have live shrimp. But I have to say the shrimp here were bigger and firmer than the average shrimp at HAJC. Sometimes the shrimp at HAJC are borderline mushy and you have to speak up about it.

Don't get me wrong I am a fan of the unique HAJC experience, but I think Cravin' Cajun is much cleaner and the atmosphere is much, much better. Large HDTVs all on different channels, really good service (prob cause it isn't very busy) and a brand new and beautiful no-expense spared build-out with high ceilings and lots of space between tables. Not claustrophobic at all. A more West coast experience. You don't feel like you're crowded in a Boston wharfside chowderhouse. It's relaxingly spacious - you won't get squirted on by crawfish head juice by the table neighbors behind you. (It happens ALL the time at HAJC!)

The row of hallway sinks for just washing hands is a really nice touch. I'm sure it's a 'why didn't we think of that' feature that will make their competitors jealous.

Yes, the heat doesn't linger, but I think the flavor is just as good without triggering post-meal stomach acrobatics (happens all the time at HAJC!)

Would go back again tomorrow! I have been scoping out the right cajun seafood restaurant to take my visiting family to over the Xmas holiday. I pretty sure this is the one!
A Restaurant.com gift certificate and some curiosity brought my boyfriend and I to Cravin' Cajun last week Wednesday for my birthday dinner. I had done some research reading reviews on Yelp and figured "What the hell!"

It was more like "What the hell?!"

I would have to disagree with some of the other reviews here on Yelp. Hot n Juicy is far superior in quality and taste. We typically order crawfish, clams and king crab when we go to Hot n Juicy. It was a bummer that Cravin' Cajun didn't have any clams on that particular night. Next, they only have 2 flavors: Lemon Pepper and their Cravin' Cajun house sauce. I didn't get the punch in the tastebuds effect here as I do at Hot n Juicy. The spiciness is pretty wicked. Can't complain there.

The service was very good. We were seated promptly (it was pretty empty with about only 6-7 tables being served), didn't wait too long for our food to come and our water cups were constantly filled. Sad to say, the great service wasn't enough to compensate for the mediocre food. I'm just glad I had a $25 gift certificate.

I would not recommend Cravin' Cajun to any of my friends because I love them.
A huge group of us decided to gather here on a Saturday afternoon to try it out since they were all fans of Hot n'Juicy.  I didn't particularly feel like playing with my food on this day so I figured I'd play it safe and order the seafood sausage po'boy.  It was practically slices of sausage accompanied with two hard pieces of bread because it certainly wasn't meant to be eaten as a sandwich.  It wasn't all bad, the hush puppies and fried calamari we had to snack on were a solid way to forget about the main course.  The employees were attentive and having sinks in the hallway outside of the bathrooms is a stroke of genius considering the type of food you'll find here.

At the end of the day though, I didn't care for my po'boy and the one piece of crab I did have didn't make me cry for more.  I probably won't be back here.
I actually find this place to be better than Hot N' Juicy. The shrimp seemed fresher and larger and the ambience is definitely nicer. The side-dish portions are larger too so you don't feel as robbed for ordering a cup of rice.
I've been waiting patiently for this establishment to open and it's finally here!  

They're located in the same parking lot of Cafe Moda and Cue D's at Spring Mountain and Jones.  The customer service is exceptional.  We had the pleasure of meeting the owner during our last visit and she was friendly.  

We ordered crawfish and shrimp both cravin cajun flavored and oh my gosh it was soooo good.  We enjoyed every single bite.    

There's nothing better than great food and exceptional service.
well what can i say it looks like its a copy of hot n juicy and not far away from each other. And the other thing is hot n juicy is way better, don't get me wrong here this is not a bad place, their food was OK but compared to hot n juicy they had a way better special sauce than Cravin Cajun. But they did offer bigger shrimps than hot n juicy. I rather go for hot n juicy than here any day.
If this review was written after the first time I visited the restaurant...it would be 4 stars, but my encounter tonight finds me knocking off a star.  

So generally for shellfish...if it didn't open during cooking...it's not meant to be eaten...one or two closed clams in an order is not atypical but they served us two bags full of closed clams...and the ones that were "open," someone manually cracked a 1/4 of the shell off to expose the clam....MAD GHETTO is really all I have to say to this! 

On a better note, the lemon pepper seasoning is delicious on the shrimp and we found ourselves consuming copious amounts of the shrimp...which were so large it seemed slightly unnatural.  Other highlights, were the sweet potato tater tots....YUM! And the dirty rice was quite flavorful as well.  And I know this is a seafood place, but they have these ridiculously good Asian wings, that make you want to keep coming to this place over and over again despite the negative aspects  I discussed before.  Although, rumor on the street is that Pho Mai Lan in Henderson may be serving up a comparable Asian wing soon =P.  

So despite being upset by the "GHETTO" clams....once I brought to their attention the cooking fatality they served us...they did offer to either remove the clams from our bill or replace it with additional shrimp.  The service was attentive and i would still return to this place, but perhaps stay away from their clams unless I know they are in season.
I knew about this location since two weeks before it opened but finally rounded up 4 of my friends to check it out a few weeks ago because I had a restaurant.com ticket. The location is accessible and convenient in that Jones & Spring Mountain/west part of town.  We showed up here around 3-4pm and surprisingly the place was empty. 

We ordered calamari tasted a little overcooked when we had it as I thought the bread crumb they used was okay but nothing special. That same bread crumb was on their fried oysters that did have a little more taste and were not as overcooked. 

Also, we ordered their a pound of garlic shrimp and some Alaskan king crab legs in order to get the $100 certificate minimum and this was very delicious. We ordered their Lemon Pepper medium spice and an order of the Cravin' Cajun signature sauce for comparison and both tasted good. I believe some of the other locations, notably HnJ have more variety of seasoning and have a little more taste/flavor but these two flavors were still good. 

Overall favor this place over Hot n Juicy Crawfish (both locations), Crab Corner and the newly opened SoCal based Boiling Crab location only because they do the Restaurant.com coupon deal.
Going into a restaurant where the food is based off of New Orleans cuisines you expect great results. Being from New Orleans I though the food was horrible. I had corn and crab chowder it  looked like it tasted a bowl of cream corn with lumps of crab. I was so disappointed. My husband had the Crawfish Etouffe, where do I start with that? The crawfish was frozen and all you could taste was celery. We ordered  Hush puppies and they were burnt.  The only good thing that I could say about this restaurant was the Cajun fries were good and the atmosphere was really nice. We should have ran when we didn't see anyone in the restaurant at 7pm.
Still the best. Received a record 20 huge, firm head-on shrimp in my 1 pound w/4 corn bag my last trip in. 9.99/lb. No wait, 4 HD screens on different channels in my face, a spotlessly clean atmosphere and a really nice waitstaff. The Chef almost always comes out to greet the customers, which I think is super cool. 

There is absolutely NO REASON why Hot 'N' Juicy should be rated higher than Cravin' Cajun on Yelp. Cravin' Cajun is the Manny Pacquiao of cajun seafood shacks. The hands-down best, pound-for-pound. FYI to newbies, the Cravin' Cajun HOT is equivalent to Hot 'N' Juicy MEDIUM when comparing spice levels. You will leave with a perfect afterglow of mouth spice - sounds gross, but connoisseurs will know what I'm talking about. It's all about the sauce.

Close to 40% of Hot 'N' Juicy's shrimps already have their dead heads lopped off and floating around in the steamer bag. Of the close to 100 shrimp I've eaten at Cravin' Cajun so far, I've only experienced 2 broken heads. And these shrimp are so big there is actually meat IN the head. Again, sounds gross, but it is a testament to Cravin' Cajun's quality.

DO NOT let the Man Vs. Food appearance at Hot 'N' Juicy blind you. Cravin' Cajun does it better. It breaks my stomach to not see more people at Cravin' Cajun. Believe it, eat it, celebrate it. This underdog deserves to be the Top Dog.
I learned something very valuable on Sunday--trust in the Bobby.

Because he's right. Cravin' Cajun has THE best quality shrimp of the three "seafood-in-a-bag" hot spots. I'll always have a soft spot for Hot N Juicy Crawfish. I also appreciate the handy napkin dispensers at Boiling Crab. But for large--and I do mean LARGE--shrimp, they just don't match up to the Cajun. Not only are they larger, but they seem to be juicier. I've never put the bib to such good use. And amazingly, every single shrimp was completely intact. I'm no expert, but that says a lot to me.

So now I'm left with a tough decision. You know. First world problem type stuff. Do I go to Hot N Juicy? Or do I go to Cravin' Cajun? I'll bridge that cross when it comes to me.
When you're going to eat at a place like this there are things to expect.First know what you're getting into and dress appropriately. Food here is served generally out of a bag and you eat with your hands so, you'll get upset if you're wearing some favorite article of clothing that could easily be stained and ruined forever. However they do have some options for side dishes and regular entree's that don't involve eating with your hands.

Now when I went there I ordered a LB of shrimp with the Cravin Cajun house sauce. I was a little saddened by the limited flavors they had to offer. If you've been to other places that serve the seafood out of the bag you know sauce makes all the difference. The sauce here wasn't  as spicy as I was hoping for nor did it have as much flavor. I like to peel my shrimp then dip it into the "bag sauce" to add extra flavor, however the bottom of my bag had almost no sauce and was completely covered in chunks of garlic bits.

Also I ordered cajun fries, and one good thing they had is the seasonings they put on the cajun fries they gave you in a shaker at your table, that way you can add more. This is a good thing because when you order your cajun fries they sprinkle the seasoning on top and when you get to the middle you just have regular fries and all of the seasoning is gone.

Service, when it came to taking our order the girl who was supposed to wait on us, didn't know we were seated yet so that was a miscommunication, and when our food came people only stopped by for refills not to check how the food was, or ask us how we were doing They just grabbed our water cups and filled it up then left. However when it came time for the bill they brought it immediately and took it immediately, as if they were rushing us out or they just wanted their tip.

Lastly their portions are small, my 1lb bag of shrimp only has 15 pieces of shrimp in it, maybe the shrimp had a little bigger head, but the body of the shrimp was the same size as other restaurants. I'd rather have more for my dollar in quantity not just in the head size, and I think some of the weight of my bag went to all of the garlic bits I had.

I've been to this restaurant on the east coast in Florida, they can do better than this. The Las Vegas location needs to step it up, and bring the east cloast flavor to the west.
Yup..there's no wait..and there's a reason for that...the food isn't all that great.  My Seafood-in-a-bag seasoning tasted like a salt lick.  If they cut back on the sodium, I would have been able to better describe the food, but my tastebuds were numb from all the salt.  

My S.O. really liked his grilled fish plate..matter of fact, he ordered two plates.  

If you go, try the grilled plates, pass on the rest.
Woohoo! As good as it gets!  (for Vegas)  I lived in Louisiana for many years, so I know there is better.  But, this is the best place in Vegas for boiled shrimp and crawfish.

6 Reasons why I prefer Cravin Cajun over Hot N Juicy

1.  Larger shrimp
2.  Better seasoning.  One of our friends said it was too salty and they prefer Hot N Juicy.  I did not agree.  I thought the seasoning was accurate.  Brought back memories of crawfish boils at the park in summertime Louisiana.  Seasoning so hot you were destined to have chapped lips afterwards.  Also, lots of garlic.  I love to dip the meat in the seasoning after removing the head and shell.
3.  Washing stations near the rest rooms.  Sinks, soap, and paper towels.  Eating boiled shrimp and crawfish is messy.  If you rub your face and get seasoning in your eyes it WILL ruin your day.
4.  Sweet potato tater tots.  Yummy!
5.  More seating, longer tables, and more booths
6.  Better parking

They did not purge the crawfish or shrimp.  That is, the gastrointestinal track was still full of poop.  Yuck!  However, I ate anyway knowing that it would not hurt me.  Otherwise, this place would have been shut down long ago.  In Louisiana we soak them in salt water for a while before cooking.  This causes them to purge everything from their system.

The shrimp and crawfish were served in clear, plastic bags.  Wear your bib and leave the shells on the plastic table cloth.  Shrimp and crawfish were served in shell with head on.

We really enjoyed our experience here and will definitely be returning.
We couldn't decide on where to go for dinner last night. My friends and I were meeting up to play pool at Cue D's and we saw this place. I've been to Hot n Juicy Crawfish and Boiling Crab as well but this place beats both! The shrimp was bigger and it was very tasty! I love how the place isn't too big. They have tv everywhere. We sat on a booth and didn't miss the game last night ;) oh and I like how I didn't have to go inside the restroom to wash my hands. They have sinks outside their restroom and i thought that was very cool. The customer service was great! They were very friendly. Another thing I loved about this place is that they carry something else on their menu that is not seafood. So it was perfect because one of my friends was allergic to seafood and he still get to eat with us. He ended up getting their chicken alfredo. I give this place two thumbs up! Love it, love it! Definitely coming back and I'll make sure everyone I know gets to try this place!! Yummm :P just remember when you're here expect to get dirty!! ;)
WOOPTYWOO!
Review number 101 for one of my favorite places in the entire galaxy!

WHO: Bring the entire family! =D

WHERE: Spring Mountain & Jones.

WHEN:  11:30am-10pm weekdays, and 2pm-10pm on weekends! & I also believe that everyday from 2-6pm, it is happy hour! Meaning... $2 off entree meals?

WHY: If you love SHRAMPPP, crawfish, crab, and all the delicious sea creatures as much as me, force some shoes on and run there. Now... NOW!

WHAT:  First thing's first. The moment I first walked in, I fell in love with how the restaurant's simplicity and calmness gave off such a positive vibe! Ofcourse, as I opened the door to such an exciting aroma, I was greeted by most everyone on staff which genuinely made me happier inside.

Tangent. Yes, there are getting to be a few competitors, as Hot N Juicy has been a hit, and The Boiling Crab has now opened the Las Vegas location. Yes, they are all good locations. And No, I passionately believe that none of them can beat the zest, zing, zeeeliciousness (I make up words sometimes) of CRAVIN' CAJUN.  Sorry, I get a tad bit enthused when I talk about my favorites. Haha.

Back on track.  When my cousin and I were finally seated, I looked around and wondered why there weren't as many people as I thought there would be, since I did hear by word-of-mouth that this place was "bombdotcom."  The lack of people in the room didn't scare me away though!

So, for those of you who have never been to a seafood place like this, be amazed and be ready to get down and dirty with your hands!  If you decide to get that delectable seasoned seafood in a bag, you can choose from 3 different seasonings, and can choose between crab (king/blue/snow), shrimp (my usual choice), crawfish (it's better when fresh, not frozen, so ask!), and clams.

I absolutely love, love, love their Lemon Pepper seasoning! I also love their "Ravin' Cajun" seasoning.. It's a mixture of both their seasonings on the menu.  This one, you have to ask for bec you won't be able to find it on the menu. Super yummy!  Also, as I continue rambling, If you want your seafood complimented... try the cajun fries, sweet potato tots, sweet potato fries, or even a bowl of white rice. ;) (I personally love sweet potato everything!)

For those of you who like to keep it on the safe side, there are seafood baskets which include: fried catfish, fried oysters (yum!), and a bunch of other things I haven't tried yet! =) Better yet, they got some chicken wings you can enjoy! =D.

From reading all these random thoughts I tried to type down, this place is a MUST SEE, MUST EAT, AND A MUST DO (on your food list, of course!)  Have fun, bring the family, and maybe I'll see you there! =)
A place that wins my mama's heart, wins my heart too. I took my family out to dinner here. I wanted my first time trying it to be an experience I could share with the rest of my family. Because they know I'm a Yelp addict, they were mocking me. Describing the detail of the place, and the food they had. Here's the breakdown.

My sister: "I love that the place is so clean, and the interior are so properly put into place. You sure can't miss the games playing on tv here since in every angle you turn, there's a freaking tv."

Mom: "Wow. I love this place! Their oysters are ssssooo good. It's big! Usually other places I go their oysters are so small. This one is so big that I can't eat anymore of it."

Brother-in-law: "This catfish is good. I taste a light cajun flavor to it, but it's still good!"

Me? I had the 1 lb lemon pepper shrimp. I opt for the medium spice which the nice waitress explained would be comparable to a 6 in spice. Did I taste a hint of sweetness in the sauce? I think so..I don't know if it's like some secret bbq sauce, house sauce, or even sugar..but it won my heart. It didn't taste much like lemon pepper, but I didn't mind since the sauce was just awesome either way. Lemon pepper schmemon pepper. 

Emily was so wonderful She was so patient with us We asked for a lot of small things, and requested a wrong order be changed. She was just so nice to get what we needed. Not a hint of irritation her face! She was always quick and prompt at getting what we requested. Thank you Emily for putting up with us! 

$2.50 for drinks
$9.99 for a lb of shrimp (but varies. it is by market price)
$8.99 for 6/raw oysters
$8.99 for catfish combo $1.50 extra for the sweet potato option. (Oh! mom LOVED the sweet potatoe. She's a big sweet potatoe fan.)

Satisfied customers? Priceless...
They also have happy hour! Yay happy hour!
Like the name implies, there are some days that I simply find myself Cravin' Cajun.  So away I went not too far back to try this place out.  

I like the concept of "seafood in a bag" (as Paolo puts it).  It's messy, it's fun, and there's a lot of food to pick through.  We had a big table, so it took a little while to serve all of us, but once that matter was taken care of, the eating began.

Their crawfish are good.  I got a 1 pound medium level spicy bag, and the serving was excellent.  The problem with crawfish in general, however, is the fact that for all of its tastiness, it's just a little meat on that sucker.  Don't misunderstand me.  The choice was excellent and I don't regret it, but after seeing the shrimp that the others got, I know what I'm going to have to get the next time round.

They have other seafood/Cajun treats if "crustacean in a sack" isn't so much your thing, and their beer selection is fun.  They have a beer served in a Buddha-shaped bottle that is top-notch, and the mugs weren't just frosty cold, they were freezing cold.  That's going to be a great experience to check out when the weather warms up. 

Prices were respectable, service was patient and friendly with the large crowd, and the bibs kept all the food bits off the front of the shirt (which you'll find that you are going to need).  

I've been wanting to try this place for a while now, and now that I have, I have a justifiable reason to return.  I'm still on my "Cajun Quest" to find THE perfect spot, but this is definitely a top ranking contender.  I'll have to sample the other foodstuffs before I can give away such a title so easily.

But you're okay, little seafood place.  You're okay.
I realize I need to preface this review with a little insight into my obsession with crawfish, as they represent the single greatest food pursuit of my life - no kidding. I have been lucky enough in life to have joined some of the country's greatest crawfish festivals and eaten at some of the most renowned crawfish joints.

When the sign first appeared above the doors of this traditional Asian section of town, I got so excited I nearly got t-boned by an SUV trying to cross the road. Of course, it wasn't open yet, so I shed a small tear and considered heading over to H&J's to satisfy this sudden crawfish craze that came over me - of course, that's when I remembered I aint a big fan of H&J's.

Weeks later, I saw people scurrying about around the place and, once again, I broke several traffic laws trying to get turned around. Apparently, this time they were having a little job fair, looking for a staff I guess (don't think I didn't consider a sudden career change).

Then, life got busy, they opened and I didn't even notice. It was several weeks before I happened to catch that distinguishable sign again, so of course I dropped everything I was doing just to get some of those delicious bugs that make my life happy.

Okay - that's the end of my happy.

Now for the review. 

Cravin' Cajun is just another H&J - with a little bit different sauce. 

The problem, as is the problem with H&J's, is that, apparently, crawfish in Vegas means 2 things. 

* Tiny, little, midget crawfish.
* Impossibly overwhelming sauce.

The crawfish were almost too small to eat, I should have probably just ate them whole - it would have been better. Where do they get these things? 

And the sauce (while honestly quite delicious) so overpower the crawfish, you can't even taste those wonderful juices that come from sucking the head. People, crawfish have a delicious flavor, and it's completely lost in the sauce.

So in conclusion, Vegas still doesn't have a decent crawfish joint. 

Can't a guy catch a break?
What a pleasant surprise! We thought it would be another Hot and Juicy type spot: "Too much for too little" but it wasn't. The shrimp were HUGE, the crawfish were tasty. Going back for sure!

We were there on a Friday night at 8 and the music stunk (why not play cajun or zydeco?) and it's a little bright (feels a bit like the DMV) but still 4 stars.
I went to Cravin' Cajun last night with my fiance and my parents.  We wanted to go to Boiling Crab, but they close at 9 pm.  Cravin' Cajun closes at 10 pm.  We arrived at 9:10 pm, perhaps too close to closing.  We ordered sweet potato tater tots, 2 lbs shrimp in lemon pepper (medium), 1 lb shrimp in Cajun (medium), 1 lb crawfish in Cajun (medium), and two orders of white rice.  It took a long time for the food to come out.  The tots came first.  They were pretty good.  Then came everything else.  The first few crawfish were pretty good.  Then a hit a few that were awful.  The tails were mushy like watered down mashed potatoes.  I'm guessing they were frozen, thawed, and refrozen a few times.  The shrimp in Cajun were too few.  I swear it was less than a lb.  Perhaps they weighed the bag with the water in it.  The shrimp in lemon pepper was way over salted.  It hung like a slurry in the bag over coating the shrimp.  The seasonings were off.  The shrimp would not peel.  Not sure why.  I think it was over-cooked.  We guessed that they combined all the stuff that they were about to throw out (it was almost closing).  The meat did not have the bounce that fresh shrimp does.  The rice was skimpy.  My fiance said it was stinky and smelled old like it was left over from yesterday.  The people working there were very friendly.  The bill came in just under $60.  One iced tea for $2.50, each rice cost $1.49, and four lbs of meat.  My first experience was amazing.  I'm super disappointed.  How could the place go from five starts to two?  I felt like I was in an episode of Kitchen Nightmares with Chef Gordon Ramsey.
After reading a fellow Yelper's unfortunate recent experience with mushy seafood here, I decided to go back to do a 'checkup' meal and ALAS! I encountered four mushy shrimp in my standard 1lb shrimp order w/4 corn on the cobs. This has never been the case before, and when notified, the manager offered to send an additional 6 shrimp out (which were all very fresh and perfectly cooked) to replace the bad ones. I was relieved, yet still a bit hungry so I doubled down and ordered another 1lb of shrimp. In the new bag I still found one mushy shrimp, which led me to believe that consistency is a bit off when Cravin' Cajun is busy, and the place was the busiest I've seen: there were about 50 persons present for dinner. (In my 8 visits over the past 3 months we have been one of only 2 or 3 tables.)

I am happy to see that Cravin' Cajun is finally seeing some good business, but I was disappointed to discover mushy characteristics of it's competitors (HAJC and Boiling Crab) making me question whether it is possible during a busy order rush to execute the high quality of shrimp-in-a-bag that Cravin' Cajun was putting out previously.

CC's manager seemed truly concerned and I did appreciate his efforts. I will check in again during peak hours to see if this 'growing pain' has gone away and to see if CC is back to serving up the consistently phenomenal shellfish that I have grown to love. I've eaten here 8 times in a row without variance and will chalk up this 9th visit as a hiccup. I look forward my update (fingers crossed) as early as next week!
6 hours later and I still smell like garlic and Cravin' Cajun seasoning. While I am somewhat indifferent to edible crustaceans, I particularly enjoyed my first experience here.

We got here after 4pm. Since my dining companion was gluten-free, the first thing we did was ask the hostess if they had gluten-free items. She wasn't sure what that meant at first, but some explanation and minutes later, the answer was yes. We were seated soon after. After getting our drink order, the hostess/server and one of the kitchen staff (I think) came out and asked us again about the gluten-free thing. We listed everything that could not be eaten: wheat, oats, barley, etc etc. They wrote it down and went back to the kitchen to double-check. The kitchen staffer came back and explained that the seasoning / lemon pepper was all good and safe to eat. Yay! We ordered 2 lbs of crawfish, one with the Cravin' Cajun seasoning and the other with lemon pepper. We also got some corn, potatoes and a side of white rice.

While the wait wasn't terribly long, we did ask for some crayons to draw on the parchment paper on the table when there was a lull in our conversation. But right after we got the crayons, the food came out!

Honestly didn't know what to expect really. The server plopped down two bags filled with bright red things, a bowl of rice, and a fork. I guess the bemused looks on our faces prompted the server to ask if we wanted gloves. We figured out how to eat the little buggers and had quite a good time. I liked the slightly sweet Cravin' Cajun seasoning while my dining companion preferred the lemon pepper. The sauce and garlic in the bag was really yum with the rice.

I'd like to come back sometime and try their bag o' shrimpies.
My husband and I recently returned from a trip to New Orleans.  There, we had many delightful meals.  So today, we were in the mood for cajun and wanted to know what this place had to offer.

We had no trouble getting a table, it was early for dinner.  We were greeted with enthusiasm and told about specials.  Our drinks came right away, and after a review of the menu, our orders were placed. 

We ordered Jambalaya to share as an appetizer, and I got a combination platter served with french fries, I chose oysters and catfish.  It was crispy, golden and satisfying.  

Overall, a good meal, this place serves by the pound and as spicy as you want.  I know we will be back.
A must stop when I'm in Las Vegas for Cajun.  I have eaten her numerous times and never a let down.  I keep going back.  Great food and exceptional staff.
Not a single doubt, the last visit was a hiccup. I've been back twice since for fair measure, and the freshness of the shrimp and taste of the sauce is dialed-in more than ever. Hot has evolved into a true 'hot' so medium heat-seekers should stick to medium.

CC has a taste and quality that I actually crave. This is an exciting time to be an underrated seafood-in-a-bag restaurant in Vegas - word of mouth should take this place to the next level of popularity in a matter of days. So much care goes into the food and service here, one visit and you will be a fan!

CC rules this genre. This ain't hype!
I almost died in this restaurant from the spiciness.  Having said that, the shrimp is amazing.  Granted I didn't taste a lot of it because my mouth was burning, but for that 5 minutes that I had normal sensation, the food was wonderful.  The shrimps (yes shrimps with an s) were whole and big.  Complemented with beer and cajun fries, fantastic!!!

Owners/ staff so nice and humble, makes the experience better.  This place should have better reviews!!
Granted I've gone soft over the years, my spicy legend will be forever remembered online. So trust me when I say beware of the "Hot" level of spice here! Once you get past the heat, the Cravin' Cajun's sauce is the most flavorful sauce I've ever had at any crawfish joint. Sweet, salty, tangy, garlicky, buttery. Very well balanced! No garlicky aftertaste when you're done eating (but for sure you will be reeking of it the morning of). 

As for the decor, this place is well thought out. Extra sinks so you can wash up after without waiting for the bathrooms is GENIUS!
The catfish po-boy, crab bisque,  and hush puppies are all very good.  Great place, fantastic service.
I was excited to see this place. I have been to other places with the same concept and was expecting something better. I must say it was a let down, the place looks like a joes crab shack. The server was polite and friendly but walking into that place was walking into a morgue. Dead and Dead with a lot of tvs and none on. the vibe was dry and when I got my 1 pound of shrimp hot well it was disappointing. People wrote how hot and how it burns. Well it did, but the taste was of chill powder and cayanne. The flavor was not infused and just tasted bland. The tots were very good and I must say a highlight of the place. I will never come back but It does have potential and with music might be fun. With some ambiance it would rock. Food needs more time to allow flavor to sink in. I wish it the best...
Just excellent service, good food, and fun atmosphere.
3 1/2 stars.  Some time ago when my friend Angela moved here I took her to one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  The Hot N Spicy Crawfish.  She loved it.  Well, this night we were driving around deciding where to eat and drive by Cravin' Crajun's billboard.  She mentions that this place opened up and is the prior's competition though she's never been.  So we decide to give it a try.

Place is pretty spacious and clean.  We get seated and order the fried calamari, a pound of shrimp and a pound of snow crab legs.  We go mild on the spices and get the lemon flavor for the shrimp and their specialty sauce for the crab legs.

The calamari comes out 1st and it's honestly, pretty terrible.  Like a 1-2.  Definitely would never order this again.  Seriously disappointing.  Batter is too thick and the calamari is overcooked.

The main food comes in big plastic bags and we share the shrimp and crab legs.  They're pretty damn good.  Both the lemon and their house sauce are really tasty.  They flavor is less intense than what you get at the Hot N Spicy and Angela actually liked the sauce here better because it's not as spicy.   Lots of garlic bits in both, actually tons of garlic bits in both and I found myself wishing I had some bread to sop up the left over sauces.  

So overall definitely a good experience and would definitely come back here.  There's no doubt in my mind that given some more time and experience, this place will (hopefully) step up and really be a great eating experience that will definitely rival the Hot N Spicy.
I went into this mall looking for the BBQ and noodle place that was recommended to me, but saw the signage for this place so decided to go with something new.  It was pretty clean and well lit.  Service was pretty fast, very friendly and helpful.  I ordered the calamari and pound of shrimp in their special sauce.  The calamari was pretty good, a 3/5.  That is to say, it was on par with other places, but not spectacular.  The shrimp was very good, and the sauce was extremely flavorful.  Pick your level of spicyness / hotness carefully.  I like hotness in moderation, so be sure you tell them that, otherwise, you will pay for it.  My sauce was a bit spicy (but really good still), so I was sweating at the end, and then I left the air conditioned restaurant into 106 degree heat, and sweated in a hot car until the AC kicked in.

So, overall, the atmosphere was good, the food was good, and overall the experience rated a 4/5.  Plenty of parking.
Although I am from out of town, is this place really good to people?? Honestly, I've had much much better cajun food.  The reason this place event gets any stars is because my waitress was very nice and patient.  

I ordered one pound of shrimp with the medium house sauce, grilled sausages also with their house sauce, cajun fries, and sweet potato fries. 

My shrimp came in one bag (not double bagged, like every cajun restaurant I've been to) therefore, the bag was leaking sauces.  This would not be the problem if there was more sauce to begin with. There was barely any cajun sauce, therefore I had to ask for more. Their sausages were burnt. Their cajun fries were just regular fries with a few sprinkles of seasoning.  You are NOT provided with bibs or containers to put your shrimp shells in and you have to ask for limes. I could go on, and on about everything wrong with this place! It is no wonder this place was so dead on a friday night.  I only resorted coming here because Hot and Juicy Crawfish had a long wait.. but next time I'm in town, I am definitely not coming back here and I'm heading to Hot and Juicy!
Had a coupon for this place and wanted to try some good cajun shrimp and crab legs!  We had both plus hush puppies and sweet potato tots.  Food was OK- the medium heat was still spicy but a good spicy!  The thing was... they never offered any sauces, any silverware, and we had to track down our waitress several times to reorder beers.  The restaurant was clean, but service was non-existent.  When we left, we thought it was alright, but not alright enough to return. Good thing we had a coupon.
Overall, the flavor of their seasoning is bland compared to their rivals at Boiling Crab and Hot n Juicy Crawfish. The seafood was fresh, so that was a major plus. I also enjoyed their diverse menu. It was more along the lines of a true cajun style restaurant as opposed to a crawfish house. I'd definitely go back. Worth a shot!
Better than Hot N Juicy & Boiling Crab. I love the craw fish with the Cravin Cajun sauce and lemon pepper shrimp. The jambalaya is rich & the Alfredo pasta is creamy. Mmmm. +Friendly servers:)
I love how there are a variety of menu options here (vs. Hot N Juicy), and their cajun sause is so unique...it's tasty and DELICIOUS!!  The service here is wonderful, as they are always upbeat, happy, polite, and care about your dining experience.
Got a coupon from Restaurants.com and thought i would try it out, i was a little skeptical with the reviews online. We went in the place had a funny smell, kinda of like a old lady house, but we ordered 2 pounds of snow crab and 1 pound of shrimp, medium spice with there house specialty flavor. It was pretty good, I was surprised. Granted its not as good as the local competitors Boiling Crab, and Hot N Juicy. It was pretty good from the price we paid and what we got, the service could have been better. But either that it was good, I will go back again.


Oh and they have extra sinks to wash your hands outside of the bathrooms, which is very convenient!
Food here is actually pretty ok but the wait staff is nasty. Been here about 3 times when Hot N Juicy is too crowded and every time we come we're greeted with scowls and we're not a bunch of freaks! The one Asian waitresses especially hates life.
I would go back one more time to see if it is better then hot and juicy
3.5 Stars -  YELP add the half star option.............. 

We ate at Cravin' Cajan last Friday. Many items come in mild, med, hot or crazy hot. We went with hot and I'd say it was right on. 

Our order was:
Catfish & fries basket  $8.99  (our appetizer)
Crawfish Etouffee  $10.99  (house sauce, hot)
Grilled Fish Platter $9.99
Side order of Boiled Potatoes  $1.49  (house sauce, hot)

Pros:
The restaurant was clean and cute. The food was fresh, served up nice, steaming hot and pleanty spicy. Catfish could have been a little thicker, but it was still quite tasty. Fries were better than most places, but not sure I would call them Cajun. Etouffe was hot and had a lot of crawfish, which is always good. They didn't skimp on the fish platter. The fish was moist, flaky and served with lots of grilled peppers and onions. Boiled spuds were great, but order them in the bag or ask for extra sauce. I ordered them on a plate and while it did have some sauce it wasn't enough for me, so had to ask for more.

Cons:
The dirty rice that came with the fish platter was flat. I'm no dirty rice expert, but compared to dirty rice I've had before  I thought their version was bland. The service was hit and miss. At first our server would come by constantly, like 3-4 times in just 3-4 minutes (little over kill). Then we wouldn't see our server for 15-20 minutes.  Maybe that was so we could enjoy or meal in peace. The problem with that was we were out of drinks when she dropped off the main courses and I needed more sauce. We finally flagged down a bus boy and asked him to find our server. Then the server did it again when we were ready to pay the check.
Good food .prices are average the service is good . Portion wise its fair. I had the jambalaya and gumbo. If you don't do to well with spicy food do not get your food spicy because the mediam spice is pretty hot.
Service was great, the restaurant was empty and the crawfish was crap! It wasn't cooked all the way, the po'boy was very bland, the corn on the cob tasted like faucet water. This place is definitely on the bottom of my list. First time my husband didn't finish his 2lbs of crawfish. Very disappointing. :-(
I know everyone compares this place to Hot&Juicy, and it's understandable. However the flavor here when you go with that extra extra hot, blows Hot&Juicy's spice level out the park! I usually go to these style places for snow crab, and my bf gets the king. If we're not sweating and dying for some sort of bread to eat, were not satisfied. The flavor, freshness, and size of your portions in my opinion top H&J and the Boiling crab.  But they were ducked 2 stars for very critical factors. One, service. It sucked, they were half way polite, and not on top of it at all, either time I've dined. Second, the corn and crab chowder. Ok if you're going to add fresh crab to something, don't ruin it with Campbell's soup. Or whatever brand of cream corn they used. Which is EXACTLY what the chowder was, canned creamed corn with NO extra seasonings, and a few crab lumps. Save your $9! 
Go for the huge crab, shrimp & crawfish, skip the rest!
Saturday at 12:30pm, this place was a ghost town. I believe we were their first customer of the day. 

Boiling Crab is better in terms of the Cajun flavored sauce and variety of food. 

We ordered a pound of Cajun flavored shrimp and a pound of lemon flavored shrimp. Both were flavorful but there os something missing in their flavor and i cant figure what it was. We also had the calamari which was just ordinary. 

At 2pm when we were leaving, so far only 2 couples came in. I hope this place survives. I don't really like restaurants closing down.
The place is just another typical crawfish.  Note: the crawfish are a bit tiny and was not that fresh, and trust me my friend works for Boiling Crab so I pretty much know the difference.  The service was decent, but the workers there need to smile more.  It's Vegas!! You want your customers to be happy after losing money from casinos.  It's good, but it's just typical..
Went to this location because I had a voucher from Restaurant.com. Despite their reviews, decided to try it out. For a Friday night, the place was pretty empty. Ordered 2 lbs of shrimp and a catfish basket with sweet potato fries. 

The sweet potato fries were soggy and burnt. We took the first bite and we had them take it back. There was no way we were eating that. 

Shrimp and catfish were the saltiest things I've ever eaten. By the time I got home, my stomach was suffering.  I wouldn't recommend this place. 

Even with the http://Restaurant.com savings, we'll never return again.

Boiling Crab & Hot N Juicy Crawfish is always busy for a reason.
One of the best restaurants for boiled shrimp. A group of 8 came in on the day before Christmas Eve and were shocked by how empty the place was. We sat down right away and started to order food while we waited for everyone to join.

The going rate for seafood is about the same as the other places around, but the quality is what makes them better. The shrimp are large, juicy, tender, and only a few lost their heads. The freshness of these beauties caught my eye and the taste was phenomenal. Their super spicy is no joke. I love me some burn, but this was down four glasses of water hot. 

By the time we finished, the bill was a little over $100 and we got a little of everything to try. Cravin' is unbeatable.
I'm surprised this place doesn't get more love.

Things we liked:
+Several hand washing stations outside the restrooms with Paper Towels (unlike Boiling Crab)
+Nicely padded booth seats
+Good music
+Clean, delicious snow crab
+Tasty fried shrimp
+Participates on Restaurant.com
+Shaker of seasoning on the table
+Open early every day

Didn't like so much:
-Iced tea
-Corn
-Cajun fries

We'll be back.
So I took a few co-dubs over to this joint yesterday.  For each of them, it was their first time their.  A few of them have frequented Hot-n-Juicy down the street.  Personally, of all the Louisiana style seafood spots, this is my favorite.  

Of course this place ain't popping like the Boiling Crab's in Cali, but has it's unique flavoring and true heat that I haven't found around town.  A Boiling Crab opened up nearby as well, but was no where near the same as the Cali connect.  Perhaps "dey rack disiprine," okay that was a Japanese accent I know, moving on.  HnJ was prolly the first place of this food genre to appear hear in LV.  Although, there are times where I went and got sick and never returned, that was years ago.  I like how Cravin' Cajun is set up too, lots of amenities to the many flat screens surrounding the dining area to the must needed easy access sinks for post food fest clean-up...lol.

People really have to be educated when it comes to crawfish, crawdaddys and whatever else you wanna call it.  It is important to ask if it is season and be sure to gauge the market price, that can tell you a lot.  Also verify if it is frozen or fresh.  You wanna catch those buggers kicking before you throw em the saucy bath of yumminess.  Size does matter!  No one wants to eat a thousand craw-midgets versus less fresh fattys.  At times, we were ordering straight from Louisiana and having over a 100 pounds flown in same day delivery just to get the best.

I was surprised to see my co dubs were enjoying the experience, being their first time and all.  They were amazed at the selection from hush puppies, fried oysters, beer battered fries, crawfish bisque, crab legs of all walks and so on...  Just give me 5 lbs. of crawfish, Cravin' Style (although lemon pepper is really good too) and throw in some corn on the cobb and andouille sausage and i'm set, bam!

I shared a bag with one of my more daring co workers and since she opted for mild, I asked the waiter to get me a crazy hot version of the sauce as dipping sauce, viola.  

Lastly, just like getting your nails did, I must say that there is a strong correlation with Vietnamese cats and good crawfish.  I'm sorry, to me my Viet homies got me hooked on this.  It is really hit or miss on whether you will like/dislike crawfish.  It is more than getting a meal, it is an experience like no other.  If you have'nt tried it, don't knock it.

There is a method to the madness as well.  Real quickly, grab crawfish, hold facing non dominant hand perpendicular to what you are facing, pop off the head with the index (yes, suck the juicy brains out), break off arms with other hand from below (yes, more sucking involved and some peeps actually take the time to crack open the arms if they are ginormous), break the seal ring (secret), then peel several layers of the shell (the fresher the crawfish, the less you need to peel) dip and suck the meat right out! (Repeat).  Many can't stand the work for these little fresh water lobster cousins.  But, if you like seafood...cajun style, look no further.
Good lookin out dawg (Jesse N)! I'm bout to get buck on the crawfish
Great place! Staff is very attentive and the food is delicious...I am from the south and was brought up on catfish and theirs is THE BEST I have eaten in a very long time. I would highly recommend this establishment.
Hands down wayyyy better than Boiling Crab and Hot n Juicy!! We love the crawfish!! It was both very tasty and really fresh!! We're from California and always come here when we visit Vegas!! Everyone should come here!
Sadly, I had to take a star away because of service.  Everything else was fine.

I'm going to put it out there, how do you fall behind in service when there is only about 2 parties in the whole restaurant?  I watched you take my empty cup, filled it up, walked towards the table, and not drop it off.  Then you came back after I was almost done eating to tell me "sorry, I got caught up in the back."  Not to mention we ordered all of your hush puppies (yes they were darn good).  After 4-5 baskets, another server told us there's no more.  

The food was great, nothing wrong at all.  The hot, cajun flavor was the right choice, may be too hot for some.  One of the stand outs was the fried oysters.  WOW.. very nicely prepared by the cook.  Took one bite and the batter did not break.  I'm mixed with this crunchy and gooy feeling plus tabasco.  The shrimp was not over steamed like some other houses where it was hard.  Crawfish is not in season of course, but we made an order anyways.  The hush puppies, we ate them all! Literally! Server did tell us there was no more.  My friend got sad.  I felt that he lost his appetite after hearing that.  

The atmosphere is very similar to the other crawfish houses.  Booth or table setting.  Multiple tv and a bar area like.  Bottle beers and such, no actual well.  Pretty nice to see they are very efficient with the sinks outside of the bathrooms.  Easy access to prevent greasy doorknobs..

I would actually come back, maybe.. If a friend decides to dine here, but because of service, I would not come back on my own choice.

Side note, parking is a bit tight since it is shared with few other restaurants in the plaza.
Hushpuppies are DELICIOUS. Shrimp & King Crab are AWESOME.  Service was great!  Be prepared to get your hands dirty!!
LOVE this place! I would choose this place over Hot N Juicy any day. Laid back atmosphere with great use of space. TVs throughout restaurant, comfy booths, extra sinks on the outside of restrooms for convenience and not over crowded. Actually, everyone should come here and make them busier! 

Now for the real reason I come here... a bag full of Succulent Shrimp (with heads on them so be prepared) immersed in the best lemon pepper garlic sauce I've had! I get mild and it still has a lil kick to it. Pair it with some white rice drizzled with the sauce, some yummy tots, or shrimp alone and you're good to go! Another fav of mine is the crawfish bisque: rich, creamy, and very tasty!

Definitely My Top Spot for a Seafood Fill! 

Bonus: Butter Mints & you don't leave stinky

My Favorites:
Shrimp by the lbs (Lemon Pepper, Mild)
Crawfish Bisque 
Crawfish Tail Basket w/ Sweet Potato Tots
Catfish Basket
Seafood Salad
My husband stopped at Cravin Cajun on our last day in Las Vegas. We debated on which restaurant to go to locate in the strip mall and made up its mind one we saw their awesome menu. As an appetizer, we had the fried calimari. Now my husband and I are conessuiers of fried calimari and were not disappointed here.  The calimari seems to have been coated with corn meal and was truly crispy and well seasoned. My husband and I both had Po' Boys half with grilled shrimp and half with fried crawfish. I had a side of spicy sweet potato fried. My husband had the seasoned fries. Even though I love a good cocktail, we both enjoyed Sprite with lime which was super refreshing and well paired with the Po Boys. The last next time we are in Vegas, we will find there again!!
I really wasn't that impressed my first time eating here last week. First of all, the service wasn't up to par that day. In the beginning our waiter seemed to be attentive, but throughout the night he slacked. 

Everyone at my table ordered king crab legs and when they came out several of the orders were wrong. It also seemed like a really small portion for the amount of pounds they had ordered. Then to find out each bag was $25 a piece was horrendous. It is way too much for just two stingy crab legs. 

The sauce wasn't that great, it had too much garlic flavoring and although I absolutely love garlic, this one just stayed in my mouth for hours after I was done dining (even after having one of their delicious and unique butter-mints) and that's a not so pleasant experience. The one thing I really enjoyed was their Cajun fries. The flavoring had just enough kick. 

After eating here I became sick for a few days and so did my friend who shared my bag with me.  I'd have to say I prefer hot n juicy and boiling crab over this place any day.
Cravin Cajun is a normal place to eat. Well, what does that mean? It means that while nothing stands out, nothing was bad.

So the layout is well done with both bench and booth seating. The only complaint is the glaring lightbulb that is right at eye level but on request, it can be dimmed.

The food was good but not very spicy, so that really depends on your individual preference as to why you chose to go to a Cajun themed place in the first place. The sweet potato tots were good, as was the calamari appetizer. The dish, a mix of catfish and prawns, was good as well.
 
The service, you guessed it, normal. I noticed a few others citing poor service. 

I was surprised at the small menu selection and a noticeable lack of 'here is the main entree area' from which to choose. 

The price was normal as well but it correlated with the portion size, normal.

So, try it and see if there is a normal item that you may like.
Dang. Had to check and double check, and this is now 3 times in a row that the sauce (Cravin' Cajun Medium) has been too salty, and completely missing the overall richness that it had before. 

Part of my triple check was going to The Boiling Crab last night and I realized what I was missing. For about a year straight, Cravin' Cajun had the best sauce going. Cravin' Cajun STILL has the best quality shrimp of any of the big three (HJC, TBC, CC) by far - they are huge. You will be impressed by this. But unfortunately their sauce recipe has changed for the worse. Total bummer!

Hot 'N' Juicy has the worst quality shrimp but arguably the best sauce as of today (June 2013). Boiling Crab somewhere in the middle (decent shrimp, sauce just OK).

And the red stars fall, sadly.

Recipe for the best bag of cajun shrimp in town? Get a Boiling Crab server to come with you, grab a cup of Hot 'N' Juicy sauce to-go, pour it in a bag of gloriously-sized Cravin' Cajun shrimp.
I really wish I could give 2 1/2 stars, because that's probably about right.  I cam here with a medium-sized group (10 people) after work one afternoon.  It was lunch time, so there weren't many customers.  Despite this, the food came out slowly and inconsistently.  Some of us were almost finished eating by the time the last people got their food.  

The food itself was also very inconsistent.  Some people were very happy, while others were left thinking "eh, it was fine".  I was in the latter group.  My food was ok, but not great.  I wasn't sure what to order, so I tried the shrimp alfredo.  The shrimp was rubbery and the sauce was flavorless.  While the seasoning on the shrimp was good, it was less than exciting because it was overcooked.  

I also tried the fried shrimp and cajun fries (both came to the table ice cold).  The batters needed more seasoning.

Those that ordered the boiled shrimp and crawfish were happy.  I didn't have the opportunity to try either.
Food wise, Cravin Cajun is so damn good! I prefer them over Hot n' Juicy. I like their sauce a little better and the lemon sauce is soo yummy on the side! The damn cajun fries were so good too! I have absolutely no complaints when it comes to the food. The waiter service is a different story. I was not feeling any of the servers what so ever! He took our order, wrote it all down and then when they served our food, three things were missing. We gave it time to see if maybe the were going to bring it out, but NOPE! We had to ask. I was just confused like ummmmm, YOU WROTE OUT ORDER DOWN! lol. In a one hour period of being there, they came by ONCE to see if we needed refills. 

All in all... FOOD WAS THE BOMB, SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE!
Great service ! 
We love this place. It's actually funny how we came here. we were first heading to BOILING CRABS then they had like an hour wait, so we came here instead. to be honest, we like this place better than boiling crab. Seasoning are yummy && they have kiddy cajun so kids love it to and service is always good. 

i would definitely recommend it to friends..
I love this place way more than Boiling Crab and Hot and Juicy. The atmosphere is laid back and the service is quick. I feel that their sauce has waaaay more flavor than Boiling Crab whose sauce is quite watered down. And after eating at Hot and Juicy, I got sick. But yeah, I love this place so much! Would definitely recommend.
I think it is better than both Hot and Juicy and Boiling Crab. 

They have desserts!

Ice Cream just makes scenes after you have spicy food.

They also have plates and forks!!!!
The food here is incredible. Had a deal on Restaurant.com so we came down to check it out. I ordered the Catfish w/Fries & my husband ordered the Shrimp & Catfish w/fries. The food was heavenly. I couldn't stop eating until every bit of it was gone. We went at about 6 or 7 in the evening on a Tuesday and it  wasn't very busy. The staff was friendly. Not a long wait for food. Their catfish was seasoned perfectly and you have to get the seasoned fries to top it off. Beats The Boiling Crab by a mile.
Clean, delicious, great service, amazing wine ... Love it!!
Better food than Hot and Juicy by far ... Cleaner than any other crawfish business around... And they have deserts ;)
Fiendin for awhile now but haven't been able to go back because my schedule has been too busy. Well, finally I got that break in my schedule. Made the trip to Cravin Cajun to find out everything is just the way I remember it.....except for the way they serve the shrimp. I know it's minor and the shrimp still tastes great but......I am not a fan of it being served on a dish. Bring back the bags please. Getting sloppy pulling shrimp out of the bag is fun. The plating of shrimp in this place is too formal for the ambiance. This is a fun place...bags r fun.
I still luv the place, bring back the bags and I'll give u the 5th star.
I'm allergic to shellfish so I'm reviewing this from my mom and boyfriend's point of view.

They thoroughly enjoyed their bags of  Mild Cajun Shrimp and Cajun Fries. It was very seasoned, portions were huge, shrimp was succulent and mild was spicy enough. 

I ordered the Catfish while they dove in to their bags of shrimp & I enjoyed mine. It had a good Cajun flavor but a tad bit too salty.

Service could be better too. Dined here twice already with different servers and they both seemed stressed and distracted serving us. Maybe they need a few more servers so they're not all going crazy? Both times, we waited extremely long for our food, refills to our beverages and for our check too. But I'm rating for the food and we give it a 4.
2ND VISIT--

The food is ALWAYS excellent and the establishment is always up to par and clean but the service always seems to disappoint me. The servers are really nice, don't get me wrong but they are NEVER attentive at all. With us being there for almost 2 hours eating, they only checked on us twice for refills. We waited for at least 20 minutes after we were done eating for them to bring us our check and then another 15 minutes for them to come and get my debit card. It's like they seat you and then forget about you. EVERY single time i have dined here, they have forgotten to bring out at least two things that I ordered. Like I said, the food is really good but I just am so disappointed with the service every time I go. I am not one to nit pick either but They should really try to improve on being more attentive to their guests.
I've eaten here 5 times already, I can't believe I'm just writing a review! HOT N JUICY is a has been. I would never step foot in there anymore. Cravin incorporate much more flavor. At hot n juicy, I had to bring my own salt and hot sauce. Their food is too bland for me. Cravin also have military discount! Oh, don't forget to look for them on restaurant.com. I purchased a $25 certificate for $10.
This place is terrific. Love the atmosphere. We are from Louisiana and they do a great job.  My crawfish bisque was actually full of crawfish and delicious. Highly recommend.
Good food. Pretty good service, overall good experience. Would try it again
Pretty good place. I ordered take out from here so I couldn't comment on the restaurant + the athmosphere. But my take out experience was perfect. Called in for my order and the estimated time of 10 minutes was spot on.

$10 for Jambalaya...not bad at all. Great flavoring with 5 large cajun flavored shrimp, bell peppers and sausages. You can choose your spice level from mild to spicy hot! The Jambalaya was delicious...it was flavorful and the portion was large enough for me to have leftover lunch for the next day. I love it when that happens =)

I'll definitely order take out from them in the near future. I'm curious to try their cajun flavored fries and chicken strips.
Oh no no no.....

So I had my Jambalaya leftovers the next day. (Tuesday 09/30/13)

Long story short and not to get overly graphic, I spent the next two days in the bathroom. Today is Friday, (10/4) still emptying out my stomach as we speak. Ugh.
Jambalaya, good. Food, good.
Leftovers, bad. (I even reheated it extra hot to kill any bacteria from the shrimp since it was in the fridge for 24 hours.)
Bleck. Avoid.

Etouffee was...brown. Crawfish were overdone. Seasoning was wrong.
Hard to review since they have been closed since mid October.  There website doesn't even reflect this but there is a big sign out front about new management and no indication when it will reopen.

With this in mind and since the new owners seem to be so out of touch as to not even say this on their website, I would not trust any previous reviews since who knows what changes they will make.

BEWARE!!!!!!!!
Amazing food!!!..and great employees..but 3 stars because of service..need to hire more employees..
Please do not even walk into this restaurant. Once you walk in the service is horrible. They don't even ask you "how many" they just stare at you and pretend they are busy. 

When my family walked in, we waited 30 minutes just waiting to be seated! They never interacted with us, they just stared. After that, we left. It was seriously the worst customer service ever! Trust me, you do not want to walk into this restaurant. It is not even worth it.
This place is a unique combo...

The place is 3 stories, and there is a rooftop bar that overlooks Scottsdale Olde  town.  That is cool.  The food is bar food, but also has things like Alligator Tail and Crawfish.  That is pretty cool. Not necessarily my thing but still different.  That is the Good. Also Chad K. is bartending there and that is great as he is completely quality and usually any place he is at becomes a party in itself.  

The Bad is that the place is new, and doesn't quite have its customer service down pat yet.  Our waitress seemed like she was a Gneub.  It wasn't that busy and she couldn't get stuff right.  It very well could have been a bad day for her though. She was still nice. 

I think it could be a cool place of happy hour and a fun place to rock football on Sundays.
Went there for Monday Night Football. Not crowded at all, but everyone was really nice and chill. We sat on the rooftop level and they had the heaters cranking so it was all good.  I like the levels and thankfully they have good railings for going up/down the stairs since you'd probably need them after 'a few'. 
I had a bacon burger w/onion rings and it was pretty awesome. Bartender, bouncer,  and owner were awesome and friendly.. I'll definitely go back.
This place makes a decent drink but no "wow" factor at all.  b-o-r-i-n-g and I felt like I stepped back in time.  This place could use a serious make over!
Food is decent 

Drinks are good priced

Management was just rude and I will never be back.
Place is pretty good, I havent had the food here, but some of the bouncers at the front are nasty, they say, " you gotta hit me with something if you wanna go in", even when they dont have a cover. The rating is exclusively for that.
The large rooftop patio of this boathouse bar lured me in. Once inside, was a bit disappointed. Very large, but quite trashy and dirty looking. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't filthy or anything, its just more casual and dive-y than what I was expecting. still a decent place to grab a few drinks. I haven't tried the food, but they have a good money saving Yelp deal. Ahoy mateys!
I can really see myself having a lot of good nights here. I remember the old place across from ASU, it had it's own unique charm and if you're expecting that same hippy backyard feel, you won't get it here, but they did a great job making you feel like you're on a boat. 

Thursday night is the night to go out for sure here, they brought back their .50 cent beers in those lil plastic cups. We had rounds and rounds and rounds of beer, ate some sloppy fries and walked out spending less than $20.00! 

A few cool things I did see there, their draft system is really interesting, you will have to see it in action for yourself. I love all the games around the place, Abby and I had a blast playing giant jinga, and next time we need to hit up that beer pong table and cornhole. 

Another thing to note, this place is pretty large. I feel like I would have a better time if more people were there, but it's 3 levels! Rooftop bar is awesome by the way. Not too many of those in the Phoenix area. 

They also had the music pumping throughout the place with TV's everywhere downstairs. Music was really good, but looks like the Video DJ put it on auto pilot since a lot of the night he was no where to be found. I'm guessing you guys will pay attention to these reviews, so please fix the speaker on the rooftop bar on the West side, it kept cutting out, not a big deal but just so ya'll know. 

I have a Yelp deal I need to use, but it would have been impossible to use last night on .50 cent beer night so I'll update when I go next time.
Circling the drain.
Barneys is a multi layered bar that is more low key than many of the other bars in the area. If you are looking to just have fun and not overdress, pay a cover etc then this might be the place for you.

I found the second level my favorite. The bartender was friendly and was prompt with the refills. I could see the roof level being a cool place when it's a bit warmer, but the drawback would be the smoking for me.

You've got to like how the beer is poured from the bottom up! When you have a bit too much to drink, what else could be more fun than trying to catch the lobster  (think the claw game to get stuffed animals).

3.5 start
This place was dead on a Saturday night at 11 PM. How does that even happen? I only visited the top and bottom floors. The bar itself was rather drab and had no personality. I could care a less that it was more of a "dive" bar, I love dive bars. But this wasn't a dive, it was just boring. The bartender at the top level was cool at first, until he got other customers. Then he started straight-up ignoring us. We asked for our bill 5 times and he continued to serve everyone else ahead of us. Get your flirt on, bro, I'm not mad about that. Just try to serve people in order and we'll be happy campers.

Bottom floor had a sweetie bartender named Pam. Liked her. The DJ also threw on some Groove Armada and made me extremely happy. I was drunk and satisfied, but the ambience of the bar was severely lacking, making me not really want to visit again.
A nice place in old-town, Went here with a friend, I tried the Jer-making-me chicken sandwich, it was really good.  we used a daily deal.  The overall experience made a good impression.  The environment is a very laid back feel, which is a nice change of pace for the area, no need to dress up, check it out, enjoy a beer, and see for yourself.
Barney's is an interesting place to start out the night in Scottsdale.  For those of you who missed my entrance a few weeks back, I was the girl who's heel got caught in the crack in the road and biffed it.  I did get a roaring round of cheers from those inside and outside the bar....probably had something to do with my dress flying up, as I spun like a ninja, in an effort to prevent a face plant on the asphalt.  I did land sitting straight up, but I digress.  

There's really nothing else like this place, which may be a good thing.  Three stories of drunkeness is probably more than enough.  I often wonder how many people trip on all those stairs.  There is an elevator, if you look hard enough.  

The beers fill from the bottom of the plastic cups, the DJ plays good tunes, and the crowd there is randomly diverse, to say the least.  If they had a dedicated dance floor, it could be perfect.  Most people just dance in front of the DJ on the first floor.  The Guys working the door never seem happy to be there, but the overall vibe is good. I wouldn't spend all night there, but it's definitely a fun place to start out.
On a Saturday night this place was packed!! I agree with Nydia A. on the decor, kind of dive-y, but sometimes it's nice to just go out casual and not have to pay to get in. The roof top bar was a fun place to hang out. Good crowd and now that the temp is perfect everyone wants to be outside! 
It is a pretty big place, I couldn't believe I hadn't been here before!
Decent inexpensive seafood and a must-see beer filling technology that fills your glass from the bottom up make this worth the visit. Barney's is a large three floor establishment that has a bar and patio on each level. It tends to attract a younger party crowd at night.
Rooftop.  
Friendly service!
$2 jello shots out of a syringe.  Best thing ever!
But it was pretty dead given it was a Friday night.
Fried.Alligator.Tail.

That's really all I have to say for now. Full disclosure - I have not been to Barney's yet. I was part of an event where they were serving up their gator - and it was GOOD.
Go back for seconds and thirds good!

So good - that I am posting a 4 star review based on tasting one appetizer at what was ostensibly a catered event. Sure - an visit to the actual restaurant/bar may require an update up or down - but for today, I am craving some tail!

So - an open call to my friends - let's hit up a Saturday or Sunday long and lazy lunch at the Boathouse!  You in?
Server was nice, place is pretty raggedy. Male workers are perverts, food is horrible. Bland fish & steak. Over salted vegetables & watered down tap soda. Excellent clam chowder! But...would not return.
I've only been here once but I had a great time, I was a little skeptical at first because I didn't hear much about it. This place has a lot to offer though, with food, games, DJ's, bars, etc. I spent a good amount of my time trying to catch a lobster upstairs in the lobster game, and my gf was lucky enough to win a gift card on the giant wheel.
A couple of friends, my husband and myself went here last Saturday night.  We arrived close to 10pm and in Old Town, that is still early for some people, so there weren't that many people there yet.  But that was the best time to get a drink.  Later on, we were fighting to get a bartender's attention.  However, with yelp, you do get 50% off your first drink.  The DJ played awesome music (old-school and now).

I would recommend this place.  It's 3 levels.  First level is pretty crowded once people start coming in and there's not really a dance floor, you just kind of start dancing there in the middle.  There is one go-go dancer on a small platform with a pole.  Don't get too excited, she's not that pretty nor does she seem interested in being there.  However, when she takes her breaks, almost immediately, the platform is now covered with 3-5 girls, who just want to dance.  It's good entertainment.  

There happened to be a Bachelorrette Party there when we went and my husband was asked to do a magic trick...make his shirt disappear.  That was fun.  

On the second level, there is beer pong and two more bars and you can look over the rail to the crowd below.

The third level is a patio with a bar.  I wouldn't recommend spending too much time up there unless you're a smoker.

There are, however, several patios or balcony's throughout all of Barney's.  They also have a food vendor cooking up pizza and hot dogs on the first level patio.  They weren't bad.

Overall, Barney's Boathouse is an all-around good time.
Barney's has been with me throughout my life in AZ. I went here when it was in Tempe and I went to ASU. Now, I live in Scottsdale and it's down the street! I must say I still love it here. They still have the 50 cent drafts on Thursdays like the old one and now they have 3 levels! I'm not sure they still have the wheel I lvoed so much in college but they should! I love going here with my man when we feel like going out drinking but don't want to get dressed up. We usually hit the third level, rooftop-esque bar and enjoy the view or some sports on the TVs. We then find ourselves playing gigantic jenga on the second floor then get a little dancing in on the first floor. We love getting dressed up and hitting the clubs, but this is an equally fun alternative. The bartenders are awesome and are generous with the alcohol so we never spend a buttload of money here.
I came here tonight with a living social deal. Most places automatically treat you horrible when you come in with one of those. Our waitress Vanessa was amazing from the beginning. Super friendly and sociable, she made us feel welcome. She gave us good advice on the food, and was very prompt. I even spoke with the manager which I can honestly say I cannot remember the last time I felt the need to go out of my way to give someone a compliment.

About the food- I am always skeptical ordering seafood when I am not near water. We decided to give it a try. We had the craw fish for an appetizer- amazing. I had their Mahi Mahi Dish- it was great too. It was cooked exactly how it should be (steak like- but fish)! I just wish their veggie side wasn't doused in butter and steamed instead :( We had their skillet cookie for dessert, let me tell you it is for at minimum 4 people but I think 6 could split it. I am not proud but somehow we managed to eat the whole thing.....Anyway, I was very impressed and needed to leave a good review.
I came here around 7pm with a friend last week and we sat up on the top patio area. It's three stories so this place is huge, but each bar has somewhat of a confined area so it might get a little cramped if you come here with a big group. 

We had three beers each and our tab was only about $15 - gotta love that. Be sure to check-in to get 1/2 off your first drink!

They played a good mix of music on the patio. We were there for a an hour or so and heard everything from country to dance to hip-hop. 

Great place to kick back and have a few drinks! I've never been here late at night so I'm not sure how loud or packed it gets, but I'll definitely be back again.
Last year on break we checked out the Barney's in Tempe.. it was basically all outdoor so it was too hot at night to be comfortable. This location in Scottsdale fixes that problem and you have three levels to party on..  As a gropu, we can be kinda rowdy but we were treated well and met a lot of new poeple on Saturday night. The biggest plus for this location is the food was way better then it was in Tempe. The fish is actually good here! Cheap drink,s cute girls, good night overall! We'll be back.
Tried the Gator and it was a huge disappointment. Couldn't make out if I was just simply eating batter...rubbery batter at best. Couldn't stomach it.
The sloppy Joe smothered fries just came out looking unappetizing from the start so my party barely picked at it.  
My daring Tuna Melt order just taught me never to trust a description from this venue's menu. A few bites into the sandwich (runny pungent tuna salad, crusty unmelted Swiss, unripe slice of tomato, on some type of white toasted bread; whilst the menu described some fresh tuna salad,tomatoes,lettuce, on croissant) I was already feeling some serious nausea. 
I had to voice my opinion to our lovely server who looked at my plate and just repeated my concerns back at me and then simply walked off. Not even a 'thank you for letting me know'. 
Loved it too that the owner didn't realize how the sandwich is made out on the menu when brought to his attention.
This is not a place for casual dining bottom line. Just play it safe and stick to the beer!!!
Barney's boathouse is a little difficult to review.  The atmosphere is unique, and if you're looking for a unique experience in a bar then i would recommend Barney's Boathouse.. However, if its dining that you're looking for, I would steer clear of this establishment unless you're feeling very adventurous.  The wait staff is, well, what you would expect to find at a bar. There were quite a few problems with our food and the waitress seemed less than enthusiastic about fixing them.. When i asked to speak with the manager I was informed that the owner was on site.. He seemed very nice but was unaware that menu descriptions listed something completely different than what they were serving.  After i showed him what the menu listed he apologized and said that he would try to make sure that his kitchen staff knew what they were supposed to be making.  In all fairness he did offer to try to make it right and his apology seemed genuinely sincere.. I declined as I had had enough adventure for 1 day.  Again if drinking is what you're looking for I would recommend barney's boathouse... However if you're looking for a place to eat, I would definitely cast my net somewhere else.
We wound up here around midnight on a Saturday night.  The place was hopping, and rightfully so.  It's a cool atmosphere that doesn't require that you get dressed up in "clubby" clothes.  The beer selection is one of the best you'll see at an Old Town dancing place as they have their own brews.  One of the coolest parts about the place is how the beer taps work:  Barney's has their own cups that allows the beer to be filled from the bottom of the cup.  It always entertains me to watch it.  

If you want to stand in loud music and dance, you can do that, or you can go all the way to the top and hang out on the rooftop bar to talk with your friends.  Even in June the rooftop bar was pretty comfortable to stand outside in.

It's getting only three stars though as the music was too loud for me.  Yes, I'm becoming one of "those" people that complains about that.  Ugh.
Now, I have only been here on a weekend night, so I don't know how it is during the day.  Before I was totally feeling the atmosphere and the music.  We went this past Saturday night and the bar service was horrible.  We literally stood at the bar for 15 minutes trying to close out our tab.  Unbelievable.  Needless to say, we didn't leave a tip.  My advice if you want to go here, do not open a tab and maybe you'll have faster service upstairs at one of those bars.
Im sorry, but this place seems like a lawsuit waiting to happen. I was just waiting for a drunk kid to tumble down one of the many flights of steep stairs.

Otherwise, this place wasnt as bad as I expected. The design was interesting, w/ many rooms/bars to please a bunch of different people. I throughly enjoyed the fact that we could go to an equally stocked bar on the top floor to get away from the loud DJ on the bottom floor. The little balconies w/ chairs were cool too. This seems very much like a day drinking place.
Barneys has a unique set up. I guess for the older folk of Scottsdale this used to be the old dos gringos but I can tell you it was a good call by moving to their new location! 

Barneys is 3 floors of confusion honestly. The service sucks, the food is terrible and the atmosphere is  weird. 

Barneys Boathouse is gonna sink faster than the Titanic.
Good drinks and it's 3 stories are the only good things about this place. I have tried the food which was sub par and the place really needs a make over. I'm giving this pace 2 stars because the only good I found was getting a descent cocktail.
Good beer selection, friendly and helpful staff, but the food is mediocre at best. I had a boring salad on one visit, and a sandwich I can't even remember (except that it was somewhat tolerable) on my 2nd visit. If you use a yelp deal (as I did), they will give you a credit slip to return if you don't use it all in one visit, and it's good for drinks, to boot. I thought that was a very cool option on their part. 

 This place is enormous, so I imagine when ASU is in regular session, and when it's not summer, it must get packed. But if you're looking for a place to cool off and get a drink in a relaxed atmosphere in Old Town area, this place is a fine pitstop.
I really wanted to like this place.  It is a fun looking place.  We were there when it was slow.  The downstairs bartender was friendly.  We went upstairs when our friends arrived.  The service was slow, food was boring.  We had a variety of dishes.  This place has potential but they need to bring up the food flavor and service.
Great service! I was educated about their menu like I was in a 4  star restaurant. This looks like a bar / Night club and would not have planned on ordering dinner. After our bartender completed explaining the menu I ordered the Salmon and it was delicious. Kind of a sleeper, check it out.
Used Dealfind  coupon, place is only a year old, but has not done any upkeep.
 Waited a half hour for our food. when it arrived it was inedible.  mystery fish, cold fries, strange meatballs.  Poor food, we didnt eat it. Restrooms needed work/attention.
Good tea and Arnold Palmers.

Go somewhere else.

Would not reccomend.  Mgr. did refund the $20 we spent for dealfind.
Service was horrible, and the food wasnt that great either
NO, the food is not 5 star. NO! The decor is not 5 star (although the stripper pole mounted on the sailboat next to the life-sized Captain Morgan is really something to come for...This is a place to go when you have ten bucks to your name and want to get tanked. For that purpose, I hereby rate it 5 stars!!!

Wings-BREADED!! Big no-no. Fish tacos, Mahi sandwich- not eaten by myself but my co-pilot stated it was "edible", and remember, once you're tanked, IT DOESN'T MATTER.

Cuz my 5 stars is based solely on the fact that I got 50 cent beers. Yes 2/$1 Rolling Rocks and I didn't even spend my whole $10. 

Service was fine, place is really a chaotic mess of decor, like a garage sale on an island. But there are 50 cent beers.  Go here with your buds, get a buzz on, then go out to those trendy places to eat. It is what it is.
we went here on a spring night and we were all about the roof top and the $2 syringe jello shots pretty good and cool! Not super busy but it could have been the wrong night..
If you're looking for fancy, this isn't it.  If you're looking to have cheap drinks with friends, then Barney's is it.  I've been here once on a Saturday night, but most of my visits were Sundays after softball games.  Service is okay, one time my order was messed up, but the bartender was apologetic and quick to rectify it and even gave us a free shot for the trouble. As for the food, I've tried several things and always found it to be just okay.  If you're looking for something good to eat look elsewhere, but if you want to drink on a budget or enjoy a Sundayfunday with friends go here.
Barney's Boathouse was just a blur to me. After taking advantage of amazing deals on their beers (Even the cute, 10 oz. 50 cent beers), I marched my way up the stairs...

...and then some more stairs...

And on the third floor is a really chill patio. I freaking love upstairs patios, and this one delivers. Huge, intense heat lamps mean you should have no worries about the weather. I totally can't remember my bartender's name, but she was cool, and the $2 jello shots in syringes were the best decision I made that night. 

What a nice Thursday night getaway! Also appears to be a prime spot for day drinking, too.
it gets really hot inside and smelly in the summer but they do have cheap specials and jinga and beer pong. they also have a neat set up and i like the boat theme. i like the bartenders. i don't like that they have that horrible lobster tank claw machine where u play to pick up a lobster-just mean.
Poor service, medicore food, won't be back.
This place is terrible. Spent $20 dollars for two bowls of gross soup. Don't go,
I love this place. I have probably been here 30+ times and have a good time just about every visit. I really like their layout with three different stories and a rooftop bar overlooking Scottsdale. All of their bartenders and servers are super friendly, and the atmosphere is always fun. Prices a good, and they have a lot of cool promotions throughout the week. The one thing I wish they would improve is their food. It's not too great. Other than that, it's a great place to have some drinks and fun with some friends.
HA HA, what a hoot!! I went to the one in tempe which was a dump and this was is much nicer!  That one was a 2+ this one is a 4+. They have an awesome 3rd floor bar/patio and even 2nd floor view is awesome. I wish they were closer since I'd go here like I do DOS. The 50 cent beers are Pabst... puke!! The service was decent, I sat at the bar so they kept up with me. 

The place was clean, didn't have any funky smells like the tempe location did.  We had some munchies which were decent, fried calamari and crawfish. Didn't get sick and were pretty tasty. Still would place them at bar food level so don't come here just for those.  

The beer prices were on par with other bars. The stripper pole was entertaining just like the stairs! I don't know which one was better, the 40 some year olds who were playing with the pole and Capt'n or the drunk people trying to figure out how to walk up the stairs. The majority of the crowd was downstairs least to say.  I don't believe they have an elevator but man, I'll take the three flights drunk for the views that place has.
Until yesterday I was completely unaware of the fact that all day every day there are two guys working a taco stand on the outside patio.   

You can walk right up to it, order from the sidewalk and they cook your street tacos right there.  They have fresh toppings for you and they are completely affordable and completely delicious!  If you are ever in Old Town or around the area and want a quick and tasty bite to eat, I HIGHLY recommend stopping by and grabbing a few!
Living Social brought us to this place.  It's located in Old Town, near all of the nightlife.  However, it's kind of tucked away on a side street one block away from most of the action.  I've driven past this place at least a dozen times and didn't notice it.

We went during the middle of the week, when it's not full of youngsters and partiers.  When we walked in, I noticed it smelled like a college bar.....musty, greasy, alcohol-ly....Is that a word?  Those of you who've been in these kind of bars know what I'm talking about.

We tried several menu items here, Burgers, Onion Rings, Mozzarella Sticks, etc.  All of them were mediocre at best.  Perhaps I would have a different opinion and taste if it didn't smell so bad in there.

Another thing that annoyed me is the prize wheel they have in the lower bar area.  It's a giant wheel, like you see at a casino, except that it has nails and a metal strip to stop it....when we were here some college kids were spinning this thing (for no reason) and it made a god-awful sound clanging like a cowbell, but 100x worse.  Of course, none of the staff cared to stop them.....this went on for 10-15 minutes.

The 2nd time we dropped by, the air conditioner wasn't working and it was muggy in the restaurant....plus, the elevator to the 2nd floor broke down with several college kids stuck inside, so the fire department had to come rescue them.....big drama in numbnutzville.

Overall, it was a terrible experience.  There are lots of better options out there.

Return Factor - 2%
I've never been to this place when its poppin. Its 3 story and the top is outside so thats cool, but still nothing special. The one thing I can say is they have these drink pouring things.. but theres no pouring that happens... they pop it down on these...nozzles? I guess and fills the cup... but its really cool
We really like Barney's and usually start off the evening there, to grab some food and a starter drink.

The food is reasonably priced and pretty good for being a "divey" sort of bar. They have alligator! The only caveat I would mention is that the wings are breaded, which I wasn't expecting.

The bartenders are hit-or-miss. It can be tough to get service on the upstairs patio (which is a great view of Old Town!). The women up there are, 9 times out of 10, rude and tend to ignore me a lot. One of them, however, was freaking awesome and made us a drink called a Swedish Fish - it's "gummy" flavored vodka with a bunch of other stuff, and it tastes EXACTLY like a Swedish Fish! 

On the drink note, they have a lot of awesome house drinks that are cleverly named and usually colorful. The S.H.I.T. (Scottsdale Homemade Iced Tea) is a great version of a Long Island. We always get some kind of surprise here: after the Swedish Fish, another time we were presented with tickets for "alligator shots" and yet another time, we got "Jello shots" that were in syringes. 

The 3 levels are a lot of fun; there's a lobster claw game, a giant Jenga game, and beer pong on the second level. The first floor has a giant "shot wheel" but alas it has never worked in the 9 months we've been going to Barney's. Shame, as it looks like fun.

The blank spot on the wall near the stairwell also may or may not be from my friend stealing a sign....
I'd apologize, but I think it's far too late for that.
We had a Living Social deal that introduced us to Barney's.  What a fun place!  The Hawaiian BBQ chicken quesadilla was amazing, we would definitely go back for another!  Hubby had fish tacos that were pretty bland.  I had a chicken salad that was "eh."  The chicken itself was really good (blackened) but the lettuce/tomatoes were a little mushy.  I thought draft beer was a little pricy ($4.50) but the server/bartender was awesome!  She provided excellent service and was very attentive.  We'll def. be back for appetizers, and the fun patio atmosphere!
First of all, I can't even give this place 1 star. Is there such a thing as a negative star? We were there around 5:30 pm on a weekday night (Tuesday) to have dinner. We stood at the front of the podium for about 5 minutes before anyone decided to show up and ask us what we wanted. I told him that we wanted dinner and he said to sit anywhere since there was only 4 other people in the entire 1st floor. After being seated, the waitress finally came over and brought menus and asked if we wanted anything to drink. We ordered a GIN martini on the rocks with olives and a draft beer. Atleast 10 minutes later the waitress came back without the drinks and told us they didn't have any olives. We said its OK and she left. About 5 minutes later she brought back a red drink in a glass with a draft beer in a plastic cup.  I asked what was the red drink ? She said they also didn't have any vermouth for the martini and she would ask the bartender what kind of drink it was. She came back and told us that it was SloeGin with Tanqueray Gin. I told her that was unacceptable and just bring Gin on the rocks. Unbelievable, and this is suppose to be a bar. The next surprise was the food we ordered. I ordered Fish Tacos with 1/2 onion rings and french fries. She ordered Fish and Chips with french fries/onion rings with a salad. The food was inedible. Eveything was deep fried in a batter that was disgusting. I could go on and on about how bad the food was, but I'm done talking about it. The last surprise was the final bill. They actually charged $11.25 for GIN on ice. And my draft beer in a plastic cup they charged $4.00. What a ripoff. I will never go back to this DIVE and I certainly will tell everyone I know about this place.  If you go, you are on your own. I'm surprised that I didn't get sick with the little food that I ate.
My friend Denise says the funniest/most honest thing about this place: "It's a great bar with a major identity crisis."  If you go Friday or Saturday night, you might as well be partying in Tempe.  It's crazy.  But if you go anytime other than then, you wouldn't know it.  I think it's trying to attract people for lunch and dinner, which is admirable, but odd.  They have great service and incredible drink specials (not to mention deals on Yelp, LivingSocial...etc), but a lot of the food is just awful.  They should stick to what they're good at.  That's not food.
I wonder how places like this stay in business.. The food, The service and the experiance was horriable...1st off Music way to loud to have a conversation , It's dirty and in need of serious power washing and clean up of the beer bottles and debris from the rooftops.. bottom line FILTHY.
 The kitchen has no idea what they are doing.. 5 out of 5 meals were wrong and or missing items that the menu said they included...none of it came out in a timely manner. Female bartender had beer opener stuck in her pants next to her skin and then opened beer bottles where you put your lips.. she then stood on bar to take pictures of folks and did not wipe down. The rooftop bar was understaffed.. we asked to see the Manager and He/She never came came around... They did discount the tickets but that is not the point... The rooftop bartender should not need to take the blame of the kitchen..He just needs to keep the drink orders and bills straight... Never EVER going back, and DO NOT recommend.. do not waste your time or money.
I hate to say it but I think my next email is to the Health Department.
This place is horrible!!  The food tasted like it was frozen not fresh and cooked in a microwave...overcooked, flavorless, and high priced!  Our waitress was awful too.  We had a deal for a bucket of beer, two entrees and a dessert for one price.  We ended up leaving before she brought us our dessert because it was taking so long.  Also there was water dripping on people in our party and the place was dirty!!!  Very disappointed!!  Will NEVER go back or recommend!!!!!!
The bartenders were to busy playing with there friends. I didn't feel welcomed.
UPDATED: HAHAHA BARNEY'S BOATHOUSE, YOU CLOSED JUST AS I KNEW YOU WOULD. SUCK IT!

God Damnit Barney's Boathouse.  I was honestly holding out for you to get better. I want to like you. Your bar is unique, large, and typically not filled with douchebag idiots. I've been there 20-30 times in the short time I've lived in the area. But now I'm fucking pissed.

Part I: I walk into Barney's and check out their Yelp page just for shits and gigs and notice that they are listed as "Closed", because some genius at this place made the mistake of putting "2PM" instead of "2AM" as their closing time. I make sure to let them know that everyone searching them up right now could mistakenly believe them to be closed, which could cause a potential loss of business....and it could have been like that for years.  At this point I'm obviously a user of social media. I then checked in via foursquare.  MEGA JACKPOT They HAD a foursquare checkin deal whereby you get to spin their shot wheel for free.  

I show it to the girl working behind the bar, and she obliges. 

So I go ahead and take a spin.  First problem is, this wheel was built in Barneys tool shed while he was blackout drunk. The wheel from the 30 year old "Game of Life" my parents still have in their basement (and I obviously play from time to time) spins better than this fucker.

I land on "$10 gift card". DOUBLE MEGA JACKPOT. I go to claim my prize and no one says anything or acknowledges me.  I guess the decision was "lets hope this kid is pisspants drunk, forgets and leaves. WRONG it's 4pm, I'm not even halfway there yet. I ask the girl about the gift card, and she responds: "Oh well the wheel is broken and always lands on that, so you have to spin again"......umm no fuck this.  What if I had paid to spin the wheel? Would I have still gotten that excuse? And, if memory serves right this was not her decision, I believe she went and asked Barney himself or whoever the F was managing this dump, and he made the ruling.  Rule number 1: Don't fuck with people who clearly use social media, are you dumb, what do you think will happen. I'm the same guy who just fuckin fixed your hours on the most popular bar search website you idiots. Rule Number 2: Don't put a deal on social media if you're not going to live up to the consequences. Rule 3: If you have a half ass wheel, fucking fix it or don't let people pay you money to spin it.

BUT, I let it slide.  Okay, fine you gave me a free spin, I got nothing, my friend actually did win a free shot (...so it doesn't "always" land on $10 gift card after all). I was in a good mood, I thought it was bullshit, but I let it slide. No Yelp review, no temper tantrum, I forgave but did not forget.  

I also don't believe in giving people horseshit reviews based on a single situation or circumstance that may be just plain bad luck.

PART II: Another night a few weeks later, and again I choose to go to Barney's.  They have a decent deck on the 3rd story that gives you a nice view of the area, and it's a great place to start a night of drinking typically.  

I'm a mathematically inclined logic based human, and typically stick to rules and logical assessments of things, which holds true when it comes to tipping: Given an average drink, and your average bar, with average service, and average wait time (this definition covers 98% of my experiences at bars) I will tip $1 per drink.  If I'm getting a STEAL on drinks, or free drinks I start making it rain. If I'm the only person in the place getting full attention, same story. I believe I had 3-4 drinks, my bill was $16.  I leave $20.  Go on with my night.

Check the old credit card statement today, Barney's Boathouse: $28.  

Now, I've been charged incorrectly in the past, but usually it's a direct charge on my bill that I can refute right then and there.  This, on the other hand, means someone actually took my receipt and changed it to a $12.00 tip.  FUCK NO SON.

I'm done with you Barney's Boathouse.  You're hurting for money. You need better marketing.  You need people working who aren't stealing from their only loyal customers.  You have a prime location, and you're fucking blowing this.

Peace out Boathouse.  I'll see you when your financial struggles force you to change ownership.
Ate there with another couple. We had a restaurant gift certificate to use.  Service was not good, They were out of 20 items from the menu, even after we ordered they came back 20 minutes later to tell us one of  the entrees we ordered was unavailable.  Ugh!  Food came whenever it was ready, not spaced out.  Took forever to get menu and drinks.  Misrepresented beer special to us, then would not adjust bill.  Eventually manager interceded to correct the problem.  It took two hours til we were ready to leave.  And...oh, did I mention that they had no air conditioning?  Just one industrial fan in the corner.  This is Phoenix in July, afterall!  Do not bother to go there.
The place is a little dated and dirty. Food and service were not good. 
The best thing about this place is that good street tacos are served by 2 guys just next to or perhaps on premises. These tacos are much better then the food you get at Barney's so if they let you I would take a (paper) plate full of tacos to the Barney's top floor patio and drink in some of the fun cocktails and views.
Went on a Groupon.  Let's just say, this place was a MISERABLE experience from start to finish!  Went at an "off hour" yes, but no excuses, not good.  Service was slow, waitress did not know the menu, was somewhat condescending and rude, food was lousy (clams in the chowder were hard, salad had a plastic piece of wrapper in it, hamburger was a frozen, preformed patty) and the entire restaurant was dirty including the black, mold in toilet. When we asked the waitress for our bill she said "Will you be using your coupon."  When I asked her how she knew we were using a Groupon since we didn't tell her this, she replied with saying that 9 out of 10 people use them.  I can understand that this place would not attract repeat business so only new customers were going and using a coupon to entice them.  Would never go back for fear of my health and would never recommend this place!  There are way to many wonderful restaurant/bars in Phoenix to waste your time or money here. My husband and I joked, we thought we were on candid camera and this place was featured on the TLC show "Bar Rehab."
I'm not mad at this place. I'm disappointed.

Upon walking into this nearly dead bar at the peak hour of service on a Friday night, I noticed they had a few solid beers on tap. I proceeded to order a Goose Island 312. The conversation with the bartender went as follows:

- "I'll have a 312, please"
-- "Miller Lite?"
- "No, a 312"
-- "What's that?"
- "Goose Island 312"
-- "???"
- "THAT TAP HANDLE WITH THE BIG GOOSE HEAD ON IT"
-- "Oh..."

The gentleman with the haircut fit for a Jersey Shore cast member poured the beer, I gave him my $4.50, and went on to a table. The first floor was dead, so we walked to the second. Even more dead, we moved on to the third...also dead. I then began drinking my beer. Flat and skunked. For the first time in my life I had to return a draft beer. I walked back down through the empty levels of the bar and asked for a refund.

The bartender rolled his eyes and went to the back to get his manager to approve the refund. He came back out saying the manager will be out in a second. A few minutes went buy...no manager. These minutes were filled with the bartender texting and not catering to the other few patrons that were there. He again went to the back to fetch the manager, still nothing. He finally opened up the register, took back out my $4.50, and reluctantly placed it on the bar top and delivered an attitude-filled "have a good night". 

The only good thing this bar provided was that it's 3rd floor provided a view of a row of cool bars in the distance I didn't know existed. My friend and I made the wise choice of leaving Barney's and giving other establishments our business.

In a nutshell: avoid.
Cheap place to get smashed.  

If they are offering a Yelp deal, take it, it will make your night more affordable.
Finally I know what the hype is all about! This highly anticipated restaurant opened yesterday and believe me it was worth the wait!

The restaurant is located on the corner of Decatur and Flamingo and it's enormous! It was empty when we went because I'm not sure a lot of people know about the opening yet. There are lots of booths and tables. The cool part is that you can vandalize the restaurant! They give you Sharpies and you can write and draw on the walls. They just ask that you keep it PG.

Our waitress was great about explaining the menu to us since we were first timers. I ordered a pound of snow crab legs in the whole she-bang sauce in mild. My husband ordered the same but in medium. The market price today was $14.99. I also got some steamed rice and corn on the cob.

With our sexy bibs on, we opened up our plastic bag and got down and dirty. The crab was succulent and finger-licking good! The corn on the cob was the perfect compliment. I probably would've needed another pound of crab if I didn't have my rice on the side.

Service was top notch. We were checked on regularly. They have good soap and a heavy duty hand dryer which is a must when you eat here.

There's no way to avoid comparing Hot N' Juicy Crawfish to The Boiling Crab. There's something about the sauce at BC that's so good!  Don't get me wrong... Hot N' Juicy is delicious but The Boiling Crab is all that and a bag of well... Crab!
As a Los Angeles transplant living in Las Vegas, I can honestly say that if there's anything I miss most about home, it's Boiling Crab.  Granted, home is only a three+ hour drive away, but when the shabang cravings kick in, life is unbearable.

Ever since they put on their website that a Vegas location was opening soon, I kept counting down the days 'til I'd be reunited with all the goodness that is BC.  My friends (also California natives) and I screamed with joy as we saw that familiar red neon sign that read, "Lousiana Crawfish".  I could not stop giggling.

And sure enough, from the moment we walked in, it was like we were home again.  This particular location reminds me a bit of the Rowland location with booths and open areas; but Vegas' open dining area is REALLY big.  It almost felt like a cafeteria.  Lucky for us, we were seated at a booth so we could catch the Eagles/Bears game.  I was tripping out.  I could not believe that I was going to have Boiling Crab in Vegas.

The girls and I knew what we wanted to order ahead of time, and we wasted no time so as to get our food faster:

- 1lb. shrimp shabang non-spicy
- 2lbs. shrimp shabang medium
- 1lb. clams shabang medium
- gumbo w/ rice
- catfish w/ mild cajun fries

We figured that if we tried a little bit of everything, we'd be able to make a fair assessment and compare it to the BC's back home.

VEGAS DOES NOT DISAPPOINT.  All the garlicky goodness of that red shabang sauce was just how I remembered it.  Note: The shabang was really limey in flavor, but I actually enjoyed that better because I didn't have to waste my time squeezing all those tiny limes onto my shrimp.  so nice that the lime essence was magically incorporated in already.  The consistency of the shabang sauce was not as grainy and pasty as I'm used to, but all the right flavors were still there.

Shrimp -- One of my friend's bag was overcooked, but the other friend and I had no complaints about our's.  The medium could have been a bit spicier (since I remember medium being really really spicy), but it was still yummy as ever.

Clams -- Sooo good.  Most of the clam meat fell out of the shells, but that made it taste even better since direct contact with shabang is always best.

Fries -- perfectly cooked; not too spicy.  And not oily at all.

Catfish -- HOLY MOLY.  Flaky and fresh.  It tastes best when you dip it in both ketchup and the tartar sauce.

Gumbo -- Perfectly seasoned AND they had more okra than the Alhambra locations.  My only issue with the gumbo was that there wasn't enough rice or shredded crab bits, but it still rocked my socks.

I tried really hard not to cry, but when food is this good, how can you not tear up a little?  Especially when it's something that reminds me of home -- football games on Sundays, drinking Coronas while you wait for food, good company, friendly service.  Restaurant perfection at its finest.

And I have to address the wait staff.  Although it looked like the place was over-staffed (perhaps preparing for the influx of crazy California transplants like me), the service was awesome as usual.  Everyone was really attentive, super nice, and kept refilling our drinks without our asking even once.

The best part is that when I got home, even though I knew I would reek of shabang goodness, my clothes didn't smell that bad.  Maybe it's because this location is larger and the air circulates better, but that was a change from the places back home haha.  Although as word spreads and it gets more business, I would still recommend wearing casual clothes you don't mind messing up.  Sometime that one shrimp shell misses your bib by a smidgen and you'll wish you hadn't worn your club clothes or taken a first date here.

My only regret is that I didn't bring a Sharpie to commemorate one of the happiest days of my life ... but I'll definitely be back again and again :)

--- one more thing.  I have nothing against Hot 'n' Juicy; but, for all you Vegas natives who have never had Boiling Crab ... I guarantee you'll never see Hot 'n' Juicy the same way again.  BC will always be the one to beat.  (at least in terms of cajun seafood restaurants in areas with a high concentration of Asians)
I have been waiting for The Boiling crab to open up a location here in Vegas and Yay ! Their finally here ! Had them for the very first time back in 2006 at one of their other locations in CA and I fell IN LOVE ! I have been living in Vegas for three years now , So I have been going to Hot and Juicy Craw fish because I do get that garlic butter craw fish cravings . But now that The Boiling crab is here (Nothing against Hot and Juicy) This is my new favorite spot for butter garlic Craw fish and shrimp ! Honestly Hot and juicy does not compare to The boiling crabs ! 

First time dined in at The Boiling Crab two days after their grand opening (11.9.11) . Really liked their parking space , a whole lot bigger and easier to find parking then both of Hot and Juicy  locations in vegas. The space inside as well was very big and spacious . They had a section for take out and a section for people to sit down and wait . I liked that a lot . All the workers were very nice and friendly . They sat us down right away and gave us bibs and menus . I did happen to notice that they were over staffed so they were standing around a lot in front . But the way I see it , At least they were prepared !  But the service was still great . I do believe that The boiling Crab is not well known in Vegas so they weren't as busy as their other locations in CA . Most of the Booths were filled when I walked in, it was just mainly the tables located in the center of the restaurant that were not filled. Do consider that BOTH Hot and Juicy Craw fish location combine still is not as big as The Boiling Crab.  I do know that they will pick up and get busy cause everything on their menu is bomb delicious ! 

I went their w/my sister and daughter , my daughter is 2 and sometimes she eats the shrimp and sometimes she doesn't . I liked how they had chicken fingers because my daughter was able to eat that and the non spicy fries . All the food came out fast , we didn't have to wait long at all. I also LOVE how I can have my butter garlic craw fish and shrimp NON SPICY ,because I cant handle too much spice and at Hot and Juicy they didn't have that option. It was either ; Mild, medium, or hot at Hot and Juicy craw fish. 

One of the guys there sat next to us and I assumed he was probably related to the owner of The Boiling Crab . He asked us if we were Vietnamese , and I answered him "yes"  and then he started talking to us in Vietnamese and asked if the food and everything was OK  and OF COURSE it was perfect . Nothing was too salty or plain it was just right .

Over all I enjoyed the food , the workers were all very nice and I loved the environment . This is a great place to have lunch/dinner w/family and friends . Definitely the best place for craw fish (& seafood) in the west coast ! Obviously w/their history and other locations (CA, TX, & NV) they ARE an establish Craw fish and  seafood spot !
In soCal, my friends raved about this place. BUT it was always packed and we've had 1 hour waits.

I was surpirsed we passed by boiling crab and decided to show my family this SoCal seafood staple.

The place was HUGE and there was zero wait. We ordered the king crab/shrimp/corn on the cob in the whole she-bang (med spicy). I wasn't surprised to hear that boiling crab gave them the best tasting king crab and shrimp they've ever had.

Service was great. 

Corn on the cob was AWESOME!!!

P.s be sure to bring a hot date here.
I adored this restaurant when my friend first took us here in SoCal. I loved it so much that when I went back to Vegas, I tried to look for something similar -- and voila, Hot N Juicy Crawfish! NOW THEY'RE HERE IN VEGAS! Yeah, I was definitely stoked.

My server was extremely nice and friendly and if we needed something, all we had to do was flag him down. His name was Eric. I guess I'm pretty used to waving servers down now instead of waiting for them to come to you -- maybe it's an Asian-restaurant thing for me now... I was very judgmental of service, being a hotel major, but now I'm a little more lenient because of all these Asian restaurants I go to that I don't expect that much in service anymore. I'll call them if I need something.

Either way, this place was pretty empty (mind you, the place is like 3x the size of the socal ones I went to) so there was NO wait. I can't imagine there being a wait for awhile, though. The place was pretty staffed so I saw a few just standing there and looking bored. Based on the other reviews, I'm not sure how much training they've got.

My friend and I went this past Wednesday night and it was pretty excellent for us. No complaints at all and the food was good :). He liked it better than HNJ and I can't wait to try the Cajun flavor with the sweet potato fries on my next visit! :0D
First time at a "Boiling Crab" establishment. Came here with some family to break bread. 

Well lit and spacious. Young crew working the joint. Very friendly staff (the waiter asked if I wanted him to bib me. I got it homie). But I didn't come here to rate the employees. I tried to talk about the "other place" to our waiter. He says,"he's NEVER BEEN". Interesting... :P

We get four half snow crabs and an elbow of shrimp. Da whole shabang on both with their medium spice. Flavorful, but it could have used a little more spice. I'll have to ask for that next time. HNJ got them on their medium spice. We also ordered some gumbo and WHITE RICE. I was so glad that this establishment serves this very simple side. Mix in some of their whole shabang sauce into the rice then rub it all over your BODY YO!!! It compliments the seafood that you're stuffing into your face you FAT SLOB! It's okay though, because you know you're going to run a mile later for pigging out. SIKE!!!

I thought this place was great. I thought the "other spot" has a tad bit more "in your face" flavor, but I still left here a happy camper. I'm sure I'll jump back and forth from here and the other spot. I'm such a seafood slut. GUILTY!!!
The service is incredibly attentive.  Never let our drinks run empty, gave us extra rice for the gumbo, an were so friendly!
Coming from LA, I am familiar with the Boiling Crab chain. When I walked into this establishment I was expecting the same quality of service and food as the ones in SoCal. We asked our server the market price of a few items and she did not know them and had to run to the back and ask. She also forgot to give us our bibs after we ordered. So we are off to a rocky start but I dismiss it. Then my food arrived under seasoned and cold. I had to send it back to get it fixed and the manager took care of it. Other than that, the food tasted fine after it was fixed. Throughout the course of my meal I was constantly being interrupted by different servers asking how my meal was and if I needed something to drink. Checking up on a table a few times is reasonable, but 15 times was a little overkill. So unfortunately I was unable to enjoy my meal to its full extent. Ironically, by the end of our meal there was no one around for us to ask for the check and we had to wait a while. Among all the Boiling Crab restaurants I have dined in I'll have to say this particular one did not impress me. The bottom line is the food was okay and service was sub-par.
Boiling Crab is california Version of Hot & Juicy both are comparable in Cuisine, the price though for Boiling Crab is cheaper than Hot & juicy. Now Hot & Juicy definitely has a competitor in the cuisine that they serve. Food is good, but then which food isnt good especially when its packed with Cholesterol :). The service is good and the place is huge. The restaurant can handle huge amount of Diners. So far on some of the comments that the service might be subpar, when me and my wife dined there the service was pretty good.
I was sooooo happy to hear BC was opening in Vegas! Tried the LA/SF ones and it's beyond anything Vegas has -- Goodbye Hot & Juicy!

When I heard BC officially opened, I was so desperate to eat there that I rushed over after work at 9:30 (because they close at 10pm) to order to go. 
I always get the shabang sawwwce, mild, 1-lbs shrimp, and 2 corn on the cobs.
*sigh* it was as good as I remember!

Ever since it's opened a week ago, I find anyone and any excuse to go there! So far, I've been there 4x in a week! LOVE =)
I've even got my sister-in-law addicted to that stuff. Yessss, now I have a partner in BC!

Their location is much much bigger than any location I've been to which is good for, I'm sure, big parties.
Sucky thing about BC is their times. 3-10pm on weekdays and 12-10pm on weekends. 
This is Vegas...it should be 24 hours. (Where's the suggestion box?!)


Btw, I think they use jasmine rice for their rice. SO GOOD! Makes the shrimp and sawwwwse taste sweeter =)
I don't recall if other BC's have jasmine rice or not...
**Summary**
     - Seasoning - The options are Rajun Cajun, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Spread, and The Whole Sha-Bang (all of them). The whole sha-bang would definitely be my suggestion.
     - Spice Level - The options are Non Spicy, Mild, Medium, and XXX. If it's your first time and you don't like spicy, I'd go mild or at most medium.
     - Flavor - Your seafood, spices, and extras are cooked in one bag to lock in all that flavor. I personally like to peel my shrimp and then dip it back into the sauce.
     - Ordering - You order your seafood and what seasoning/spice level you want. I'd recommend the shrimp  with "The Whole Sha-Bang" Mild or Medium. Also, you can add sausage and corn to it too. The corn soaks up a lot of the sauce, making it extra flavorful and spicy.
     - Warning - If you order shrimp, crawfish, or crabs, you're eating with your hands so that gets kinda messy, but they give you bibs. Also, because of the intense flavor of the sauce, you'll probably be sweating garlic for a while.
     - Red Herrings - Water is 25 cents (They say it's filtered), there's no hand towels in the bathroom (only blow dryers. I guess to save money?), and extra condiments including ranch are 50 cents each for a half filled condiment cup. It doesn't seem to be a problem yet, but these actions seem to give the impression the restaurant is pretty stingy.
**Ordered**
     - $5.99 per lb. Crawfish (Frozen) - It was $9.99 for the fresh crawfish, but since it wasn't in season, the waiter said they'd be smaller. The frozen are a great deal, but you can taste the difference.
     - $8.99 per lb. Shrimp
     - $9.99 per lb. Clams - If you like clams, clams with The Whole Sha-Bang adds a delicious twist to them.
**Comparison with Hot & Juicy**
     - Prices on Extras - Corn is the same. Half a pound of sausage from BC is about a dozen and a half sausage from Hot & Juicy, so you're getting a little more at BC. Potato is 10 cents cheaper.
     - Flavor on Extras - The corn is the same anywhere but the sausage from Hot n Juicy's seems tastier.
     - Prices on Shrimp/Crawfish - Shrimp is $2 cheaper. Fresh crawfish is the same, however, they also have the choice for a cheaper frozen crawfish.
     - Seasoning - Comparing the "works" seasoning at both, BC's seasoning seems a little oilier and Hot n Juicy's has more garlic/spices. Personally, I prefer Hot n Juicy's but only by a little.
     - Conclusion - My two favorite items are shrimp and corn. The shrimp is cheaper. However, I like the seasoning at Hot n Juicy's. But then again, the last time I went to Hot n Juicy the seasoning seemed watered down. I'd give it to BC until they raise their shrimp prices or start skimping on their quality.
**Recommendations**
     - I'd recommend this place for a good experience and a delicious meal. However, just as a warning, it can get a little messy, and you'll smell like the seasoning for a day.
I am a huge fan of boiling crab, I've been to different boiling crabs in norcal and socal; honestly, this is the worst that I've ever had. I always think boiling crab is better than hot n juicy, no matter the seasoning, freshness of it's seafood. 
My gf and I ordered 1lb of frozen crawfish, 2lb of shrimp is different sauce; I knew the frozen crawfish taste bad, I haven't eaten the frozen one before, so I wanted to give it a shot, but I was totally regretted. DO NOT TRY THE FROZEN CRAWFISH!!!
on the other hand, our shrimp order is a bit weird. I could tell the freshness is different in each bag. I had no idea but the other bag is fishy and spoiled (very much!).
I knew restaurants could not give their best to every customers. I am not the kind of spreading "DO NOT GO HERE" after having bad experience. I always like boiling crab, so I would give another shot.
I'm so, so happy!!!  It's about time they came to Vegas cause the two-three hour wait back home was such a dragggg.

This place is huge, huge, huge!!  Extremely spacious and decorated like the others.  It kind of has a cafeteria feel to it with all the tables settled in the middle and the huge counter to the side.  This location also has its own door/area for to-go.  Nice touch!

I've already written a full review on my take of boiling crab.  Take a quick look at it if you'd like.  Everything's just as good as the Cali locations.

Reason why I'm not giving the place five stars is cause service is still sketch.  This place just opened up a couple weeks ago so I'd imagine it will improve over time but in the mean time they need to step it up.

Although really friendly and inviting, it seems like there are too many people in there just standing around.  The servers I've had were nice enough but I had to keep asking for shit that should be dropped even before my food comes.  ie. salt and pepper, limes, spoons for my rice, bib.  When in Cali, they take your order and come back right away dropping all the stuff needed for BC consumption... No questions asked.

.25 cents for filtered water (whatever), .50 cents for condiments (ranch, tarter sauce, etc.). No liquor license yet, but that's expected cause it takes a while to obtain.  Overall still a great place and I'm happy that they opened one up.  I get my cravings and it's nice that I can finally fulfill.  Cheeeeers!
went to hot and juicy expecting to eat crawfish but they ran out! the server could have told us 15 minutes before she sat us down and got us six waters..

BC was down the street so we were pretty excited to try it out. heard a bazillion great reviews about it coming from LA n all. 

we ordered 4lbs of XXX whole she bang and 1lb of med garlic spread crawfish along with chicken fingers basket and swt potato fries. the fries could've been crunchier. but...

I thought the crawfish was super yummyful!!! first of all, our server told us it was frozen and the food they didn't have. thats a plus. we know a lot about frozen crawfish cause we cook it at home for every little occasion.

love BC n will be coming back to try the shrimps, oysters, n crabs. mmmm I can't wait.

um you can't beat $5.99 lb crawfish!!! that's half the price of H&J! i just hope its consistent and the price doesnt go up, but it probably will when crawfish is in season.

BON APPETIT!
I am Californian and move to vegas for about 1 year. when I first time in LV, I've been craving LA food, none in vegas are like them, then i heard BC r open. YAYY... I am so 
happy. 

I went there last week with my hubby. The food over all is awesome, pretty much same taste like LA the only diffrent is the sauce, LA put a little bit more on it. This place is hugee.... which is better cos back in LA, i always hav to wait inline for 30-60 minutes cos they place way to small.
Talk about the service, first of all, they have too many server and they do nothing.
second, they r ANOYING!! why? lemme tell the story. we still ate at that time n our server give us a check. its ok, we dont mind. I am a slower eater, so my hubby finish first and he waited for me. meanwhile, he looked aroud then he told me that the server keep watching us, we asume that they want us to pay the bill first, but pleaseee.... it was just 9 PM, n they closed at 10 and i am still eating. we ignore it. but then they keep coming to our table and asked is everything ok. more than 2 server came and asked like that, and in like maybe 30  minutes, there was more than 3 times they came. and I was still eating. OMG!!!!
finally we pay first and i still continue my dinner. after we pay, they never come back, but actually we need another pen to sign cos the pen thet they gave wasnt working. They just talk eachoter, start ignoring us cos we pay already.
Vegas server suck. LA much much better.
so, my 4 star is for the food taste n quality, but for the service, only 1.

water for 25 cent? oh pleaseee.... thats ridiculous. so, if i get choke i have to pay 25 cent to get a water??!!!!
Been here 5 times in 2 weeks. Sadly, anytime I'm off or there's an occasion with friends, BC is the place I always recommend to eat at. Especially since it's just opened and quite a few of my friends haven't tried it yet.

Ate her for a friends birthday and there was more than enough room and, shockingly, no wait for 13 people.
Unfortunately, like all "local Filipinos" everyone was late. Our 7:30 arrival time turned into 8:30. Those of us that were early wanted to sit but, had to wait for half of our party to be seated. Needless to say, I was starving when we were seated.

In the mean time, the three of us that were there were marking up the wooden seats and walls with a pen; as BC welcomes the graffitti.

When we were seated, we quickly got our drinks and orders in. Fast and friendly service. The waitress was patient in all my friends questions, as it was their first time. She was also able to separate checks which is always good in large parties.


Great thing about large parties is I got to try dishes I've never tried before. Got to samps the cajun fries and catfish. Woooot, that was some guuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuud filet of catfish!
Stopped in to see what all the hype was about...

We decided on getting half a dozen oysters and  2 pounds of shrimp with  their shabang sauce.

oysters tasted watered down and lacked the briny flavor that I like in an oyster
and I love Dungeness Crab, but for $14.99, you can get TWO out of a tank at 168 Market which is a much better deal IMO....Honestly, the shrimp didn't taste any different from what they serve up at their "competitors'" place.....

+1 star though for being able to tag up the place with my magnum sharpie without having to look out for the po-po.....ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 Challenge-(90/365) "Got Crabs???"
This boils down to a pretty simple review. If you're a fan of Hot n Juicy Crawfish, you'll be a fan of Boiling Crab. The premise is exactly the same--you order seafood in 1-pound increments, you choose a sauce type and spice level, it comes out in a plastic bag, and you go to town. The sauces are named differently, but just like HnJ, I go for the one that mixes everything together i.e. "The Whole Sha-Bang."

If there's one thing BC has over HnJ, it's that the space is much more, well, spacious. You could probably fit more people in BC than both Vegas HnJ locations combined. Also, it's a minor thing, but I like the napkin dispensers at BC better than HnJ--when your digits are covered in sauce, it's much easier to grab a napkin at BC.

One weird thing about BC? They charge 25c for a cup of water.
Ordered gumbo, 0.5lb of shrimp and 2lb of snow crab legs. The gumbo was spicy but very good. We ordered the shrimp with shebang sauce and it was very tasty but there were a couple of puny pieces of shrimp in our bag. The snow crab legs were awesome and had big pieces of legs with plenty of meat.

Service was eh. We sat down and probably waited 10 min for a server to take our order. Then we probably waited another 30 min just getting our order even though those that sat down after us received their food earlier. I ordered a side of butter which took another 6 or 7 minutes.

I can understand that since they just opened up, they may need to get their processes in place. I will definitely come back and hopefully offer a more fair review.
Yummerz!!! Boiling Crab has been a favorite stop during our trips to L.A., but hated the 2-3 hour waiting time. I'm so glad that BC has finally opened in Vegas!!! Always love the 1lb. shrimps in garlic spread or the whole Sha-bang! (mixture of everything) You can order it with different spice levels, I like mines mild. Sweet potato fries was sooooo good and the garlicky/butter corn on the cob was awesome (if you love garlic like me). We try to stay away from the crawfish and crab stuff since these items are priced by the pound, the shrimp gives more "meat" for your money rather than "shell weight".  Not too keen on the kids menu, chicken fingers were "long chicken nuggets" the kind you can get in the frozen section at the grocery store. As long as kids are happy, I'm happy!

The wait was excellent at around 6:00pm, and the service was great! Food came out quick, servers were on top of refills, and always asked if we were doing okay. It's cheaper than HnJ and Cravin Cajun per pound for the shrimp (8.99 vs. 10.99), so that's a plus, although the shrimps are bigger at Cravin Cajun. The atmosphere is much more pleasant and spacious, parking is no probz as compared to the parking hell at HnJ!...TV's everywhere is appreciated by us sports fanatics this time of the year!!! Overall, great seafood joint, gotta check it out! Happy shelling!!!!
I've never tried it before but I would still prefer hot n juicy's seasoning over theirs...we went on a tuesday night and it wasn't even busy. Still waited maybe 10 minutes to be seated but the drinks came right away. I just thought the service could've been better because it was a bunch of different people coming to our table to help us and we didn't know who to ask for more stuff.
I actually liked the clams in the whole sha-bang sauce...other than that, my crawfish was obviously frozen because of the season or whatever...i still ate it but the flavor was really weird. We also got snow crab legs, blue crab and 4 lbs of shrimp. the shrimp was good to everyone at our table that tried it...
Over all, i think the sauce and seasonings could've been better. Thats the only disappointment I have to say about it...
Shrimp is as good as Hot n Juicy Crawfish (HAJC), but NOT as good quality as Cravin' Cajun (CC). I did receive a generous 19 shrimp per pound ordered, though. (Yes, I lined 'em up like trophies.) The sauce is spicy, but oddly buttery/oily, and I found myself not dipping the peeled shrimps back in the sauce. That is a sad state of affairs. Both HAJC and CC have me redipping in the sauce at all costs.

The Snow Crab (14.99/lb) here was of extremely good quality, and this reason alone is what is keeping my overall rating from being 3-stars. Some of the plumpest, sweetest and biggest Snow Crab I have ever had. I guess the owners figure that if people in Vegas are paying $25 elsewhere to eat all-u-can-eat snow crab, paying 14.99/lb better get you some top-tier crab. Interesting to note that my Snow Crab order was actually 0.9lb on my lunch receipt, so they only charged me 13.00 for the crab that I received. Pretty cool.

A ton of LCD tvs in the space, BUT NONE of them were on HD channels, so we ended up leaving at our game's halftime when we probably would have hung out longer if they had HD channels. The tvs are plentiful, but all kind of small (37" or 40"?) And the restaurant space is big, so I found myself squinting to keep my eye on the football at times. If they had sprung for 46" or 50"tvs it would have made a BIG difference. A classic case of quality vs. quantity.

Service was really good. The place seems well-managed. Unfortunately the buttery/oily sauce wasn't my style. I'm sure there are people out there that love it that way. Definitely give it a try, it may be for you. For me, I'll stick to CC and HAJC for my bag of cajun seafood fix!

Sauce note - if you get just the 'ragin' cajun' sauce it comes out like a uniform molé sauce with no garlic bits. No fun. If you add the 'garlic spread' to the sauce it improves, but then it comes out buttery/oily. Maybe doing the 'whole shebang' by adding the lemon pepper cuts it some, but I didn't try it. I was full by my second order.
Boiling Crab has some good shrimp and decent oysters.  Oysters were on the smallish side, but the shrimp were nice and plump!  One of the newer seafood spots in town, Boiling Crab lets you order seafood by the pound with your choice of sauce.  I went for the Whole Sha Bang sauce, which is a mix of each individual sauce (garlic, cajun, etc.).  The sauce was certainly garlicky, but it lacked that delicious punch that makes you crave more heat.  When it comes to restaurants like this, it's all about the sauce, and sauce was just alright for me.

As for the restaurant itself, it is spacious and littered with (small) TV's.  Lots of seating available, both tables and booths.  Walking in, it was nice to not be overwhelmed by the smell of their special sauces, probably due to the large space.  During my visit there were several large groups that came by, and there was no issue with seating 20 or so people together.  One interesting thing that we noticed was the amount of wait staff working.  We got there around 4:00pm, and there were about 25 people working.  Based on the amount of customers at that time, everybody could have had their own individual server!

Overall Boiling Crab is a decent spot, but their sauce did not win my heart.
Always friendly staffs and fast service!  One day, We went there for my sister's birthday. I always get the Shrimps with the *Whole Sha-Bang sauce in medium hot. To me the spiciness is just right, it's not too mild or too hot. Their sausages are pretty good.  The regular fries(not the cajun fries) are also outstanding!  We always bring the left overs to our house and eat with rice the very next day.., was as good as the day before...
My only complaint will be on my second visit, there were not much sauce in my bag comparing to the one that I had previously.  I think I enjoy having my 1pound of shrimps at Boiling Crab even though I will be smell like garlic all day, LOL
My sister wants to take it to go, freeze it , and bring it to Korea for her husband... I asked her, " Is that so good?"  and she replied, "I'm so sure that I 'll be craving for the shrimps more than missing you!!!"
Ok, ok, so I didn't think this place would live up to all hype and I did not think that they could back up everything that all the people were saying. But I am gracious in defeat (especially when it comes to food). 

I still haven't been to Hot n Juicy (I know, right, what kind if Yelper am I?) so I don't have anything to compare it to that i have been to recently, but I love seafood and I am from the South so any place boasting Southern cuisine I already have to give the benefit of the doubt.  

We walked into the restaurant and were immediately greeted by the hostess (very hospitable, very southern, haha), and the rest of the staff was warm and friendly as well, made me feel like I was in a restaurant at home.  The space was very large, almost warehouse feeling, we had a seat in the middle of the place since we had a large party.  Jennifer was our server and she was a gem!  She talked us through the menu and gave us our options, I ended up going with a pound of shrimp with the whole shabang and some fried catfish. The shrimp came out fast and piping hot!  The catfish was cooked very well, tender and flakey, not overcooked and very succulent.  Like I said in the beginning I had to eat my words and I'll gladly do it again! 

I do have to warn you though, if you do the shrimp with the garlic and all the seasoning, you will smell like GARLIC for a day or so, no matter how much you shower, haha, so make sure you and yours are eating the same thing, then she can't complain if you both smell the same, haha
I've been a fan of this place in Southern California and hearing the news that it was here in Las Vegas, the first thing that popped in my mind was good bye Hot n Juicy with your long ass line, bad service and can't even tie a bib around my neck for me!

Surprisingly the wait here is not that long compared to the ones in SoCal and I'm assuming its due to the fact it really hasn't caught on yet in LV since it has just opened.  Plenty of seating, flatscreen tvs for my LAKERS and 49ers games, walls that you can tag on, and good service.

I come here to order my usual whole shaBang (all the flavors in one) in medium spice level, smothered on my shrimp and crawfish, cajun fries, oysters, and I can't forget my rice which I top off with the shaBang sauce as well.  Make sure you ask for lime, salt and pepper to add a kick to the flavor.

When you come here, don't get all fancied up 'cause you're bound to get smelly and messy anyway.  Oh they charge 25 cents for water!? That sh*t better be water coming  down fresh from the Rocky Mountains.
Finally had the chance to try The Boiling Crab.  The restaurant is visible on the west side of Decatur Blvd between Twain Ave and Flamingo Road.  Nice, big, bright restaurant space.  

We ordered 1 lb of shrimp in non-spicy garlic spread, 2 lbs of shrimp in medium whole shabang sauce, 1 lb of clams in medium sha-bang sauce and 1 fried catfish dinner.

Well, we devoured the shrimps and clams - the sha-bang sauce was absolutely delicious especially the clams in that sauce.  For some reason, I found that the clams had more chopped up garlic.  I'm thinking it's because you can scoop up the wonderful garlic bits with your clam shell and then slurp it all up in one go!  I was impressed with the size of the shrimp and freshness of the shrimp.

The catfish dinner was really, really good. Not at all fishy.  Came with a full basket of fries - you can choose the spice level of your fries.

Why only 4 stars out of 5 stars - The Drinks - soda is $2 but believe it or not, they charge for H20!  25cents for Water - what a ripoff!  Not only that, they don't have hot water.  How hard is it to get a kettle for a restaurant?!?  But I must say, my waiter was really nice in that he offered to heat up the cold water in the microwave.  

Not too bad - will come back.  Hopefully, they will re-think charging for water.  

Oh yes - you can leave your mark in the restaurant.  Bring a fat marker and leave a comment on their walls.
It didn't live up to the hype for me. 

My brother and I shared a lb. of medium spicy shrimp with the whole shabang sauce, a pound of medium spicy clams with the rajun cajun sauce, cajun fries, and a side of rice. We ended up spending $30, and we left the restaurant hungry. 

We probably had around 20 clam shells in our bag but only about 8 had meat inside. It was quite disappointing. However, I enjoyed the bold and spicy flavor of the rajun cajun seasoning, so I poured it all over my rice. The portion of the shrimp was a bit more generous (we got about 15 pieces? for the pound), but I didn't enjoy the whole shabang seasoning (tasted like ketchup to me). And the cajun fries were way too salty. 

All in all, it was just ok. I had skyrocket expectations for this place, because my friends hyped it up so much. Unfortunately, those expectations fell immensely short. But I'm sure that I will give it another try sooner or later. In the meantime, I'd rather spend a couple more bucks and pig out right across at Makino. Or feast at the Orleans buffet (they have plenty of louisiana/southern and cajun inspired food) 

*Btw, did anybody count how many TVs this restaurant has?
I can't believe we traveled from Pasadena, CA to eat where we eat by home. It so nice that they are here and doing it like they do back home. As always I would recommend shrimp and snow crab whole shbang medium if you can take some spice, mild if you can't. The sauce tastes delicious when you spoon it over rice. 

Don't come here looking for a dietary meal. You can taste the sodium and the butter so it ain't good for you but it's great for you. Hope you understand that. Plus this place is two to three times the size of all their other locations. It's still a secret cause they have only been open a month so get there and get now before the lines start.
So everyone said its not the same as Cali but who the heck cares. It's still good and finally we have something else besides Hot 'n' Juicy (no offense guys). 

I'm stuffed. Cajun Fries, oysters, king crab, calamari & chicken wings... So Ono!!

Venue is huge  Service was great. Waiters are young, hip and very attentive. Good selection of music playing while u eat plus walls plastered with flat screens. Definitely the new spot to grub at. 

Only thing missing was the beer but Hopefully they get their license in the next month. 

Recommending this place to everyone. It's an exciting place to grind. Tag up the wall and look for my pillar. Lol

KingKai
So YUMMY! Compared to Hot & Juicy Crawfish, this place is way better. The whole shabang mild sauce is what I always get. Put it over your rice & you are set along with whatever you order (shrimp, crawfish, crab, etc.) .. I've only tried the shrimp & dungeoness crab. They're both really good. It keeps me coming back for more. 

I did have to deduct a star because of the service. The service can be better. It's good & bad. There's a lot of people that work there at the same time. It really depends on who you get as your server & whoever you're around.
I have heard all about this place and all of the Cali locations seem to be a bit out of control with crowds so I decided to visit this location on my holiday vegas trip. After doing some shopping at the Premium Outlets I decided to head over and check this place out since it was only about 10 min. away. 

I walked in around 5:30ish on a Friday and it was pretty empty, there were only about 2-3 other tables occupied. Score for me! I had my pick of tables and booths to choose from. I settled into my booth and tackled the menu, I thought it was nice that they had several tvs hanging around the restaurant which worked out great for folks like me who decided to dine alone :-)

So I got right to it, I ordered the 2 lbs of the king crab legs with the whole shabang medium sauce and the Cajun fries. I was going to order the catfish as well but thought that it would be way too much food for me. I was right the crab legs and fries were a perfect dinner for me! The whole shabang sauce that everyone raves about lived up to the hype! It was garlicky, spicy and delicious; I even dipped my fries in it! The fries were crispy and delicious and the Cajun seasoning had just the right amount of spice to them. Service was pretty standard not bad but not spectacular. All in all I was impressed with my first boiling crab experience, I will def. be sure to check out one of the locations in Cali :-)
This is where I first tried boiling crab...and boy was it delicious!! I made the mistake of ordering gumbo..it was so-so..tasted just like progresso with rice ... definitely get the whole shabang, with a pound of shrimp and corn! sooooo good!! and this location isn't as crazy busy as the locations in cali...

love love loveee boiling crab!!
Highlight of my vegas trip! Wish this place came to Hawaii!! Wayy better than Hot N Juicy but same concept.  Got the king crab, snow crab, shrimp, corn and potatoes with mild shabang seasoning which is all three seasoning in one bag! Soooooo good!!! Mild was hot enough but not too hot.  If you like it a little hot then get medium.  A little savage with no plates or utensils and shrimp juicy all over my bib but it added to the experience!!! Customers can draw on the walls so check out my bunny with the word "Lam!" right next to it, on the pillar near the door when you come in!!
The food is great and yes I do like it way more than Hot N Juicy. I mean I like it so much the bf and I used to drive down to CA just to eat at the Boiling Crab location there and come back the same day. But! This location will only get four stars from me even though my bf completely disagrees. Yep the food, like I've mentioned, is good--whole shabang shrimp mild, salt and pepper and lime, 3lbs..the best. Gumbo: awesome, especially with rice. Dinner for two costs us around 40 bucks. Now here is why I have it at four stars: I absolutely hate the way this place was set up. You just don't get that 'comfy' feel. I don't know maybe because everytime ive eaten here I still see Pier 1(which is what it uses to be). The center of the restaurant just feels too open. I don't know I guess you have a big group, being seated in thAt area is not a big deal but if you were just with a couple if people, the booth would be better-for me at least. But i guess with all this space available in this restaurant, the more people they could seat. That means less wait time! Yay!Other than that, the food is great and staff is friendly.
Mediocre at best. Not worth the money... Oh and bring your own water because they charge 25 cents for tap water. I know it's only 25 cents, but really?
The great debate is over! I've finally dipped my sinful fingers in a one pound bag of shrimp, drenched with SHABANG sauce. The controversal question that lingers everyone's mind is...HOT AND JUICY OR BOILING CRAB? Who is the king of ocean shell eats?!?!?! A great first for me tonight at Boiling Crab, and I must confess, my heart is in the middle.  I'm at a 50/50 decision here where one seafood joint outruns one trait and another for something different.

Here are the pros and cons: While the 1 pound shrimp may feel like you're being swindled in quantity, I think the quality of shrimp cancels it out. The shrimp SIZE is big. Which I am thankful for since it requires less work in peeling shrimp, and the taste of wonderful shrimp does suffice at every bite. It gets discouraging sometimes peeling small shrimp, and feeling like you didn't pop enough shrimp in your mouth to enjoy it. The SHABANG SAUCE tastes different from HOT AND JUICY's house sauce. Shabang is a bit more tangy, salty, and less spicy. Which I actually love. If you're an indecisive person when pick a good sauce, pick the Shabang since it compiles all the sauces together. I went for mild tonight to be safe, and thankfully it wasn't as spicy as I would have assumed.

25 cents for a cup of water. This turned me off a bit since that was a first for me, and I always thought water is complementary in every restaurant. Also, I heard from my friends the catfish isn't that great. But, I think thats expected because fried catfish isn't fried catfish unless its from the south, or with a little soul! 

Service was great! They were very friendly, and always returned with your requests promptly. The fun part is the idea of writing on the wall. I mean, you came, you saw, you conquered. Might as well let everyone know you were there!
We had heard that H n J and Boiling Crab's owners or businesses were related, and had always wanted to try what our Cali friends were raving about.  We were stoked to see that it had come to town, and with such great reviews in such a short period of time, so we had to give it a try.

First, our seafood resume:
Semi-regulars at Hot n' Juicy, which is great but crowded and long waits, and terrible parking. Crawfish, of course, is their mainstay.
Then Cajun Crawfish (now defunct), which we also liked a lot; at least the takeover addressed the accessibility issues.
Crab Corner near St. Viator's, which was also very good, but not the same style as the above-mentioned.
Shucks, Joe's, not bad not great.

When you're eating seafood, you're getting dirty, and the tables were plain and adequately spaced apart for that purpose.  There are TVs everywhere, and we the Saints game on.  Kids (and adults) can scribble on the walls, and mark their territories.  

We ordered dungeness crab, shrimp, and crawfish, so we could give a more well rounded analysis.  We had a single ordered delayed for some reason, but otherwise the food came out in a timely fashion.  Water for $.25 was kinda lame. (I wonder if you brought your own cup if they'd charge you? ;)  )  The crab was very good, fresh, and flavorful.  The appropriate tools were provided  (crackers, picks) for crabbing. The shrimp was of a good size, tasty, and lended itself well to the She Bang sauce.  Your fingers and hands are going to smell for hours, just embrace it and dig in.  The crawfish were a little disappointing, and didn't taste as fresh as H n J. 

Kids ate chicken and fries. Fries are essential for sauce dipping.  We also ordered gumbo, without rice. Definitely get it with rice, and there wasn't much to it alone.

Crab: 5 stars
crawfish: 2
shrimp 5
I have been here 6 times, but this is my first time I have written a review.  My experience the first 5 times was good.  I like the flavor of the sauce and had good experiences.  In fact, on my recommendation, one of my friends had her birthday party here.  Everyone had a good time and we ended up with a bill over $400 but it was worth it.  
  
Why the 2 stars you ask?  Because visit 6 SUCKED!  And I mean SUCKED BAD.  I ordered a pound of shrimp with a corn.  The food runner dropped off the shrimp and repeated the order then took off to deliver to another table.  Right away I noticed two things, there was no corn and that the amount of shrimp in the bag was very small.  When we got a hold of an employee, we told her that there was no corn and asked if that was a pound.  She held up the bag and asked if we ordered a full pound or a half.  We replied that we ordered a full pound.  She said that this couldn't be our order and took the bag away.  A couple minutes later, the chicken wings arrived.  They were excellent as always.  By the time we finished the wings, the shrimp still hadn't arrived.  Our original server dropped off a corn in a bag, but no shrimp.  The first girl came by a few minutes later and said that the first bag had to be our order because she has been watching it and nobody has taken it.  Then to my shock, she said that she would go get it.  I told her that I didn't want that bag because after 15 min of steaming in the bad, it would be way overcooked.  She looked a but stunned and paused.  I told her not to bring me that same bag.  At the same time, the original server was bringing it over.  She intercepted him and told him that I didn't want that bag.  They went over to the cashier area and discussed something with some others.  They came over and told me that the order was being remade.  To this point, I was fine with the proceedings.  I figured that "shit happens" and no big deal.  Then the shrimp arrived.  If someone tells me that wasn't the same shrimp, I'll tell them that they are a f'kn liar.  The shrimp was so overcooked that all of the heads had fallen off.  The meat was mush and stuck to the shells.  Either that was the same bag, or they should fire the cook immediately because he or she can't cook.
Short version:
If you like Hot 'n' Juicy Crawfish, but hate the cramped dining room and horrible parking, check out the Boiling Crab. It's like HJC with 4x the dining room space and decent parking.

Long version:
I went here with some friends because I heard of its similarities to HJC, and didn't feel like the crapshoot of getting a table in a decent amount of time or finding parking at HJC. It was 5 of us plus my infant son.

Seating:
We were seated almost immediately, even though the place was almost entirely full. It was a table for 4, with a 5th seat added to one end and a highchair added to the other. Slightly cramped, but we were going to share everything family-style, so no big deal. As is typical with these types of places, the table setting is a plastic sheet with no settings or utensils. Oddly, though, there was a napkin dispenser instead of a roll of paper towels. The napkin dispenser ran out 2/3 of the way through dinner and had to be replaced, and I can't help but think a paper towel roll would've served better.

Food:
We ordered:
2 lbs of shrimp, "whole shebang" sauce/medium spice
2 lbs of snow crab legs, one with lemon pepper/medium, one with shebang/mild
2 lbs of king crab legs, cajun spice/mild
1 lb of clams, Shebang/xxx (maximum spicy)
1 order of fried catfish with fries
1 order of sweet potato fries

The shrimp was a great appetizer for the table and a great way to gauge the flavor of the sauce and the level of spice. The shrimp were large, the sauce was very tasty, and it gave us a good baseline for spice levels.

The crab legs were all excellent, although the king crab was definitely the most flavorful. I'd rate the sauces: 1. shebang, 2. cajun, 3. lemon pepper.

The clams were meaty and delicious. The xxx spice level was a nice surprise, as it actually packed a decent punch. As I liked spicy the most at the table, I ended up eating most of these - everyone tried one, and enjoyed the flavor, but most didn't want to deal with that much heat.

I'm not a huge catfish person, but the fried catfish was decent. The sweet potato fries didn't have any extra seasoning, but I preferred them to the cajun fries.

Also, as this type of place serves the food in the bag of sauce, it's messy as all hell. Your hands will smell like seafood for hours afterward, no matter how much you wash. Price you pay for delicious seafood flavor.

Service:
The place was busy, but a few different servers ended up dropping off food and refilling drinks. Overall they were prompt and courteous, although for some reason they served the catfish and fries about 5 minutes after the shrimp and about 10 - 15 minutes before any of the crab or clams. Kind of odd timing on that.

Overall:
Loved the food, loved not having to wait 45 minutes for a table, loved the availability of parking. Will definitely come back.
My husband was craving for crab.  First we were going to try Joe's Crab Shack only to find that a couple of locations closed down.  We then found Boiling Crab and was glad that we did.  I had the chicken tenders basket with cajun fries since I can't eat crab and shrimp :-(  My husband ordered the dungeness crab with garlic butter and medium spice.  He thoroughly enjoyed it very much.  At $13.99 a lb., he gobbled it all up and no leg or shell was unturned.
It's funny that I had been itching to drive out to LA just to eat boiling crab because all of my friends from SoCal always ate at this place. Apparently there would always be a 45 minute wait, so this place HAD to be good. Finally Boiling Crab was in Vegas and I thought I would be one of their first customers. Haha, that was not the case because I waited 2 months after they opened to actually eat here. I think I wasn't as excited because people who tried California Boiling Crab and LV Hot N Juicy said HNJ was better. But of course I had to see for myself so my friend and I came in on for a late lunch/ early dinner. We ordered 2 lbs of shrimp in the shabang sauce with potatoes, corn, and cajun fries. Boiling Crab is only the second restaurant I've been to that has the same concept, so I had no choice but to compare them with HNJ. The sauce was thinner and tasted like it had less flavor. It also seemed like the sauce was just all butter and the spices weren't mixed in very well. The shrimp also made my fingers itch, which was kind of odd (no I'm not allergic). The potatoes, corn, was good as usual. And the cajun seasoning on the fries was surprisingly good because I was anticipating it to have too much paprika or something. The service was promp because I guess there's no assigned servers to a certain table/ area. I know that for a fact because after we placed our order, another gentleman comes with a note pad and pen to ask us if we ordered already. Boiling crab is "a-okay" in my book, but sorry to say I prefer the other place half a block up north.
YUMMMMMMMMMM: Sweet potato fries, a Dozen oysters, a pound of shrimp, & a pound of snow crab Delicious!!!

Location: This is by far the biggest boiling crab I've been to, and I've been to two in LA and one in OC. Yes this girl loves her boiling crab

Wait time: I love that this location hasn't become super busy like Hot & Juicy or the other boiling crab locations that have an hour wait for so. This place also has a huge waiting area with TV's all around. 

Food: Like I said... YUMMMM, only thing i'd change which has been bothering me is.. the SHRIMP. I think they over boil it because MAYBE ITS JUST ME. But every time I go I have a hard time peeling the shrimp. The skins stuck on the shrimp, this only happens when shrimp is OVER BOILED when cooked. 

Price: Its actually cheaper than Hot & Juicy I believe, when I went a pound of shrimp was 9.99 apposed to hot & juicys at 10.99. I know $1 wow but I notice I spend a lot less at boiling crab than at hot & juicy. Maybe its ust me
My handy-dandy Instructions for Boiling Crab:

1) Order lots of deliciousness. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zcScEL0WEdFkROcnz5379g?select=7S68J5d1_1Z5FLOZQbifqQ
2) Order a soda
3) Put on your lovely Bib: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zcScEL0WEdFkROcnz5379g?select=F3lBXoO88uMkC-hZemk0qw
4) Crack, slurp, nom!
5) Drink soda to combat the FIREEEEEE!
6) Repeat steps 4 and 5 until Utterly full.

Okay, if you love seafood, cajun, spicy, crawfish, looking awesome in a bib, or just looking for good food then Boiling crab is amazing.  There's a huge mess hall feeling to this place but it's clean and lots of space for customers.  Parking is hardly a problem and the staff are nice and quick to make suggestions and refill your unlimited soda. 

*****TIP! The spicy can get pretty spicy so i would try a pound first.
******TIP #2! Corn soaked in CAJUN SPICES will taste so good but will burn so bad.

Definitely a spot to try, especially if you are not afraid to get MESSAY!
As a devout Hot n Juicy lover, it seemed only fitting that I gave the new crawfish joint on the block a try. Me and a few co workers went here for a work dinner Sunday night. We got there around 730 pm and there was no wait at all. As we entered, it looked like a cross between a marina and a huge warehouse. The decor was definitely done by a minimalist, but it worked. Everything is very similar to hot n juicy. 

Food: They have different sauces/ spice levels, corn, steamed rice, gumbo, fried shrimp, cajun fries, & chicken. The sauce of course can be put on shrimp, crab, or crawfish. Everything was yummy and oh so spicy. Beware of the spice. Everything is like one spice level higher than what it is rated, so order a level down. Our table ordered shrimp medium in the whole shabang sauce and fried shrimp with mild cajun fries. The fries were to die for as well as the fried shrimp. The boiled shrimp was okay. It just lacked that umph that hot n juicy has. Still tasty though. A few tidbits though: they charge for water refills $1.25 I believe,  condiments are available for a fee, and prepared to be very messy.

The prices: About the same as hot n juicy. About $10/lb for shrimp, some change for corn on the cob, $2 for a bowl of rice, and $8.99 for most of the baskets (chicken tender, wings, fried shrimp).
If it wasn't for the Boiling Crab in Koreatown, CA, Boiling Crab LV would have received my 5 stars.  The two Crabs were complete strangers from a different shore.  BC Koreatown's Sha-Bang sauce had more.. Sha-Bang!  Twice as flavorful, garlicy, oniony, salty, tasty!  BC LV's Sha-Bang was lacking the Bang Bang.. the sauce was bland and watered down.  I guess that's what you get from seafood served in the desert.  But as I was working through my bag o' shrimp, I started to gain momentum and found myself devouring my 1 pounder and everything left in it.  I have developed an acquired taste for BC LV and have dismantled my fanfare for BC Koreatown.  BC LV had become my official rebound.  If you are dining at BC.. I suggest ordering all three seperate flavors on your choice of crustacean and then try the Sha-Bang just so your options stay open (cuz u know what they say.. "once you go 'Sha-Bang' you'll never go back.").  All the fried goods are mighty delish.  The fried Catfish and Oysters are always a good side dish.. it changes the game a 'bit for when things get a little too saucy.  Never go riceless.. the rice will balance the sodium imbalanced meal.  Use the unlimited supply of lime, salt & pepper to increase or decrease your levels of yum.. this ain't no meal for pansies!  ..and finally a Quicktip:  Forget about washing your hands.. use the leftover lime to degrease, scent and ungrime 'em butterfingers.  Did you know: A Crab's teeth are in its stmoach which is also the SAUCIEST!
As good as Ragin Cajun and better that Hot N Juicy.  For Vegas, this as good as it gets (tie with Ragin Cajun).  Plenty of parking.  Fast and friendly service.  Lots of meat.  Not too salty.  We got 2 lbs of shrimp @ $9.99 per lb and one bowl of white rice.  We got one with Ragin Cajun seasoning XXX hot and the other The Whole-She-bang seasoning medium hot.  We liked The Whole She-bang medium hot the best.  The shrimp is served in plastic bags and  eaten on a plastic tablecloth (no plates).  You eat with your fingers and it gets messy.  There are plenty of sinks in the bathrooms.  Lots of seating and the place is clean.  The shrimp is big as Ragin Cajun and bigger than Hot N Juicy.  My only complaint is the music was too loud and a little obnoxious: hip-hop and modern rock, and popular mix.  Most importantly, the food was really good.  This will be one of our regular spots.
Finally tried BC last night. I must say they do a lot right so let's start there. Great set up and size of the restaurant. Lots of tv's and parking. Service was good and friendly. OK the food. The crayfish where very good, cooked perfect and lots of garlic. We had shrimp good flavor but in the bad we will get to them. Catfish was cooked really well and tasted great. Last we tried the lemon pepper wings and I must say excellent. The fries are very good also. 
OK let's get to the bad and why I probably will just stick with HJ. The crayfish where some of the smallest I have ever seen. Worst part of the meal was the shrimp. Good size but they are next to impossible to peel. I sent the 2 pounds back and I never send food back but I had to. Server was nice but never eating seafood she didn't understand. There then brought us a new batch but only 1 pound. After a long conversation they brought another pound. I will give it to them the new shrimp where much better and not over cooked. Still hard to peel it was strange. Now this is where many places just don't get it not once did a manager come by our table and ask if they got it right or to say sorry. Sad that they get so much right but probably cost them self a couple dozen customers. I wouldn't say I won't go back but I just don't know why I would.
Get ready for your hands to stink for days!

Boiling crab is a nicer version of Hot & Juicy (can I say that?)  The place is much roomier and feels cleaner.

Every time I go there, the service isn't all that great.  Tons of teenagers sort of just hanging out.  We never really get much attention and never have one dedicated server.  There are a couple of really great servers, but a majority... EH.  One time, I had to get up from my seat all the way in back and walk to the very front to ask for a drink.  Not that fun when your wearing a bib and your hands (and probably face) are smeared with gunk.

Anyway, the food is pretty good.  The shrimp is typically pretty large.  A pound is enough for me to share with my husband.  Love the added on corn on the cob and sausage (half pound addition is plenty!).  I did have one time where the shrimp was so overcooked it was impossible to peel is cleanly, but normally its pretty awesome.  For $9.99, I would say that the value isn't bad!

$14.99 buys you a pound of snow crab legs.  I really hate paying for snow crab legs when I know I can have as much as I want at a buffet... but one night we were really craving it.  Verdict - not worth it.  Overpriced and despite it being soaked in spices, bland.  

I recommend getting the whole shebang in medium (its plenty spicy!)  Its the perfect blend of spicy garlicky goodness.

Do try the cajun fries (so worth it!).  I haven't been able to try any of their other fried stuff yet, but looking fwd to it.

Oh yeah - don't forget to bring your Sharpies to tag up the walls!
BOILING CRAB vs. HOT & JUICY

Essentially, the experience is the same. You order seafood by the pound. They drench it in a sauce and serve it in a bag on your table. I don't really like this kind of food. I wouldn't have cravings for it. But after experiencing both, I prefer Boiling Crab over Hot & Juicy for a number of different reasons. 

LOCATION: Close to my house! at Flamingo & Decatur in the Food4Less shopping center. The restaurant is HUGE. 2-3 times the size of H&J with much higher ceilings. Unlike H&J, you can smell the food but there's enough fresh breathing air at BC for everyone. 

SEAFOOD: You have the option of choosing fresh or frozen crawfish. The fresh is supposed to taste a little better at double the cost but the frozen is much larger. We got the frozen and I didn't think anything bad of it except one or two of the buggers had an awful ocean taste (the bad kind). Shrimp can be ordered in half-lb increments (the ones we got were overcooked). 1 lb of Snow Crab is 5 legs and some body. Definitely need at least 1 lb / person if your doing crab.

SAUCE: We tried a variety of the sauces. Lemon Pepper, Cajun, and the whole sha-bang. We went with all Mild heat. H&J has a tendency to be ridiculously spicy (as in heat) even when you order Mild. The Medium over there killed me! The sauce at BC was wonderful. The Sha-Bang was definitely my favorite. Full of flavor and spice, heavy on the garlic, but not to hot. I'll probably go Medium the next time I come. 

SIDES: Freshest fresh oysters in Vegas! They were tasty, meaty, and had a healthy gloss to them. I could've eaten a whole dozen myself! The ones I've received at H&J in the past were subpar quality and not that great. And what's not to like about sweet potato fries? 

SERVICE: We had a few different people serving us. Luckily, there were no mistakes on our order and everyone was pretty friendly. H&J servers aren't attentive and they always get something wrong. 

DRINKS: No liquor license yet. Its coming though. I hear 25 cents for a cup of water?  We ordered iced tea. But they've got sweet tea as well.

PRICES: We got 1/2 lb shrimp, 1 lb crawfish, 1 lb snow crab, sweet potato fries, dozen oysters, and 2 iced teas. Bill was $25 per person. Not bad!

H&J / BC really isn't my type of food. But if my friends want some buttery cajun seafood then I'd pick Boiling Crab over other places.

Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
Delicious, Yumminess in EVERY bite!! The "whole sha-bang" really is what it says it is!!  We had 3lbs of snow crab, 1lb of king crab, 1 lb of blue crab, a dozen oysters, corn and cajun fries. The crab was cooked perfectly, the oysters were fresh and EVERYTHING was AMAZING!! I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the service was just ok, nothing to note and they don't have there liquor license yet, but they do allow you to BYO beer & wine with receipt and ID.  Bring your sharpie, it's fun to leave your mark on the place!! Did I mention the whole sha-bang??  ENJOY!!
SO I really hate it when my fellow yelpers and I don't agree on a popular place, but I was not impressed at all with BC....I was really looking forward to it and it was just a bust for me.

We got here around 8 pm on a Saturday night and the hostess just told us that we beat the dinner rush. Yay us! Good sign! After looking at the menu we decided to go with the Shebang Snow Crabs, Lemon Pepper Shrimp, Cajun wings and cajun fries. The server told us that the mild spicy level was about the same as flaming hot cheetoes! Wow, thats super duper spicy to me so we went with the no spicy level. The wings and fries came out first, it was covered in their "cajun" powder and I wasn't impressed as there wasn't tons of flavor for being "cajun." 

The shrimp and crab came out at the same time. The sauces were red which wasn't what I expected (should have looked through pics first) not necessairly a bad thing. It had sort of a tomato based texture with chunks of their "cajun spice" and garlic. The sauces were alright, I just felt that the sauce didn't penetrate through the shrimp and crab. I know that's part of the food experience when you end up dunking them before putting them in your mouth, but it was that bland that you HAD to redunk them in the sauce. Luckily it was just the 2 of us so we could double dip. The shrimp was way over cooked to the point where the shell was so hard to take off. Crab meat was pretty meaty, but without the awesome flavors of the sauce it was just regular crab. I ordered a side of rice and the rice was dry and old...not very appealing. We didn't end up finishing our meal which is surprising seeing as we didn't eat all day. 

Overall, I'm disappointed that I had a not so good experience at this place when everyone hyped it up and said it was better than any other place! Service was good, bathrooms have no paper towels which saves tress, but kind of a hassel. One of my friends recommended that I go back again to give it a second chance, but I won't be for awhile.
Went to boiling crab after reading the reviews and hearing all the rant from friends.  We've been here twice and both times we stuffed our face with shrimp!  But, I'll have to give this place a 3 and here's why.

Place is super busy but, they usually get you seated quickly.  The walls are are tattoo with writing from the restaurants patrons which is kinda cool.  Each booth has a small LCD screen that has some sort of sports game on.  Also, there is big shark hanging from the ceiling!  The waitress line the table with just wax paper for you to eat off of and they serve your food from a bucket!  Very much in the theme of sea food.

Here's what we ordered between 2 people:
- 1 lb of boiled shrimp spiced with, "the whole sha-bang" $9.99
- 2 pieces for corn on the cob $0.75 each
- 1 Steamed rice $2.00

The shrimp came in bags and were seasoned perfectly.  For me it goes perfectly with the steamed rice because the rice just soaks up the flavors.  For the faint of heart keep in mind that the shrimp is boiled and it is not devained.  Over all the food was abundant, delicious, and affordable.  A lot of the people there were getting the deep fried catfish.  I think I'll try that next time.  One thing is, the place doesn't have a liquor license yet....so they suggest to bring your own beer.  There is a Food 4 Less in the same business park for you to pick up some brewskis.

What brought this review down 1 star is the service.  The servers are young and seem to be social with people other than the patrons of the restaurant.  You'll notice it as soon as you are greeted from the hostes.  My wife was with out a drink for majority of our meal....and with spiced shrimp it would help having some water.  You don't have one dedicated server either.  You're seated and you're order is taken by one person.  But, then the rest of the meal your server is who ever you can flag down.  

Overall you gotta check this place out!  Worth the price and a great way to chow down like your at a buffet without being at a buffet.  Also, great place to wow foodies from out of town.
Awesome food... great prices... average service. The GUMBO is AWESOME
ugh i wasted 40 bucks here!!!  I ordered 2lb of crawfish's in separate bags and blue crabs Cajun fries and gumbo....they usually give 2 blue crabs but this time they only gave me one and charge me 10 bucks for it!! and the crawfish were not 1lb each!!! more like half of a lb!! the first and the second time i went it was okay but the third was the worse! the cajun fries were hard and nasty!! and the gumbo.... they totally cut down on stuff they put in there they make it seem like it has more by cutting them into lil pieces in the soup....did not enjoy that at all!  asked for glove like 5 times but i didn't get that ,I mean I'd understand if they were busy but it was close to closing time and there wasn't much ppl there. OH only good thing was the corn and nothing else
Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (14 of 365).

This is a great place to take a date because you get this interactive meal, get down and dirty with eating shellfish, and get to test your date on how hot and spicy they can take down.  I like the atmosphere in here because it has a home like feel and a chill ambiance.  I come here in my dress down clothes so I can get down and dirty with my crawfish.

I order the whole sha-bang!  I like it medium so I can still get some garlic flavor in there but still taste the seafood.  I get my bag of crawfish with two ears of corn inside and let them marinate in the sauce while I eat. Sometimes I have to take them out early before they get too marinated in the hot sauce that I can barely eat them!  I also order a side of sweet potato fries for some carbohydrates to cool down the heat a little.

What I like best about this place is that it's huge and accomodating for big groups of people, but they have an array of booths for some privacy if you come here with a friend or loved one.  You can even write on their walls to commemorate your visit!  I also like how they play the sports channels on  their TVs so that your boyfriend doesn't miss an important game.  And they have a plethora of TVs on their walls so you definitely can't miss a game!

I say go and try it ASAP!
**Update with Comparison with Hot & Juicy**
       - The Whole Sha-Bang - Their sauce has thickened up and has become my favorite "crawfish/shrimp in a bag" place in Vegas.
       - Hot & Juicy - The last 3 time I've been to Hot & Juicy, their sauce has become more and more watered down. To me, it's not even a toss up anymore. I'd definitely go with Boiling Crab.
       - Prices - Their "Market Prices" are still cheaper than Hot & Juicy.
       - Crawfish - Their crawfish are bigger and fresher than Hot & Juicy's hands down.
       - Conversion - Boiling Crab is now my go to place for "crawfish/shrimp in a bag"
**Recommendations**
       - I'd definitely recommend this place for a great meal and an interesting experience.
Way better than Hot & Juicy...price...location....parking....taste.

The atmosphere was very comfortable.   Servers were checking up on us regularly.  
The Whole Sha-Bang sauce was delicious! Had it with the shrimp and crawfish...well three bags of 'em.  The cajun fries was out of this world.  I am not a regular fries eater, but this was scrumptious.  Everything was mild...that we ordered.  Folks like it mild.  Love the corn on the cob too.  

Overall it was a great meal.  :o)  
Very happy for my tummy...
YES!!!! 

Finally have a Boiling Crab in Vegas!! Coming from the neighborhood of where Boiling Crab came from, this Boiling Crab tastes exactly the same. :] So here are my recommendations for you first timers:

1. SHRIMP: (best bang for your buck) and get it in the WHOLE SHABANG (cajun style sauce). Remember to make your lemon juice, salt and pepper sauce so you can dip the shrimp in. 

2. CORN: may be small but it'll help you feel better that you ate some veggies and it tastes great. 

3. SWEET POTATO FRIES: sweet, golden crispy fries... so good. 

Yes, you don't need to buy that $$$crab just because it says it in the name of the restaurant. Just go for the shrimp and a great/messy time eating. :] YUMMIES!! Awesome, young service. You wont regret it.

Oh, and grab those oysters when you feel like it. So FRESH.
Another Boiling Crab now in Vegas! This place is large and spacious and it's located in a shopping center with lots of free parking.

I now understand why this chain does so well. The service is on the spot and food is consistently tasty. I arrived on a Monday just after 5:00 and there was no line! Wow that's a first for Boiling Crab. Started off with a half dozen of oysters on a half shell. They were served on a bed of ice and were medium sized really delish. I followed the oyster appetizer with a pound of peel and eat shrimp with their original rajun Cajun sauce and medium spiciness.  I got really greedy and ordered fried oysters. They were decent but I preferred the oysters on the half shell. 

I'll definitely return here again especially if I don't have to wait in line!
When I say I'm a huge fan, I mean that I create cooler environments! LOL Totally kidding because compared to Boiling Crab, Hot & Juicy seems Tasteless & Dry! Now, that might be a cause of offense to some people, but in my preference, which I will elaborate on, would be the service and environment of BC! Since it's been established in Las Vegas, they've always been busy! The first time I've had BC was in LA and I told friends from Vegas about it and they told me about H&J! Ever since I've had BC, I've never been back to H&J!

BC has similar food items like H&J! They have the Cajun style seafood with your shrimps, your crawfish, lobster, crab legs, cajun fries and they tailor to your tolerance of spicy! If you're like me, I'm good with ZERO spicy because even medium is spicy for me! Friends who've preferred the Cajun spice to their food have said it isn't spicy at all! Do I know how true that is? No! Will I ever test how hot their spices are? Probably not! If you know the movie starring Ben Stiller and Jennifer Aniston, Along Came Polly, you'll know exactly what spicy food does to me! LOL!

But the reason I give BC a 4-star rating is for the other items on their menu! The fried catfish and cajun fries are TO... DIE... FOR! I ask for extra tartar sauce for extra dipping, limes to drench it in it's juice, and if a friend is kind enough to let u dip some catfish in their Whole Shebang sauce, give them a big hug and be sure to have a few mints on deck cuz the smell of your burps and breath will kick like a mule! More like a pack of mules! They give 4 or 5 HUGE catfish filets along with a medium sized basket of fries (regular and sweet potato fries are also available!). Another addition to BC's already awesome menu is their fried oysters! I'm a huge raw oyster fan, but the fried oysters are just as good!

Will I ever come back to BC? Of course I will! Throw another shrimp on the bobby! And some catfish. And some oysters. Annnnnd some crab legs. :) Happy eating!
I could eat this every day and be happy. I've been to boiling crab countless times in California, so finding out that they opened one in Vegas was one of the happiest moments of my life ( well..my food life). If you love anything and everything Cajun, you'll love this place. If you love seafood, you'll love this place. If you love friendly staff, you'll love this place! I've given you three reasons why you should eat here, certainly one of them has to be relevant to you!

Recommendation: for first timers , I recommend ordering your seafood of choice with the "whole shabang" sauce option. This is a mix of lemon pepper, their Rajun Cajun Sauce, and garlic butter. Trust me, you will not regret this decision. Also, if you decide to order shrimp keep in mind you can also order by the half pound.
OMG, OMG, O   M   G!
Thanks to all the Yelpers on here that convinced me to get the Whole Sha-bang seasoning. Yum!
The dining room is huge, cool decor, fun patron graffiti. The staff is soooo nice and helpful. Love the menu. Prices are great too.
 Got 1lb. of shrimp with the Whole Sha-bang, mild ( I like to taste my seafood), they were good, love that they leave the heads on. I think I can kick it up a notch and try medium next time.
Also got an order of King Crab Legs since I never really get the opportunity to eat them otherwise. They were soooo delicious. I got them with garlic butter sauce only because I was afraid the other sauces would drown out the taste of the crab. Damn, I should've Sha-banged those legs! I was dipping them in the sauce from the shrimp. Oh well, I know better for next time but I was not disappointed in the least.
BTW I've never been to Hot N Juicy.
I thought I did a review about LV Boiling Crab but I don't see it anymore.

Well, I guess I should write again anyway since my review of them has changed. 

For those that lived in California, the name "Boiling Crab" goes hand in hand with being known as the best place in the west to get Louisiana style crawfish. I also visited their southern California restaurant when ever I visited that area.

When Boiling Crab opened their first restaurant in Las Vegas, I was one of the first to try. Their seasoning is the same as any other Boiling Crab places, but the similarity stopped here.

A few months after their grand opening, I visited their places a few more times and got disappointed more and more. Unlike their CA restaurants, the quality of their seafood at their LV restaurant was not fresh. There were several times where I bit into the shrimp that was either rotten or spoiled.  

I do realize not many people were aware of their restaurant yet and it will take time to reach the capacity that they have in CA. That doesn't mean that they should keep and served rotten shrimp. Doing this will mean losing customers, not gaining.

I, for one, will go back to Hot N Juicy when I'm in LV, but will definitely go to their Boiling Crab restaurant when I visited Santa Ana.
Finally, a food establishment where I can use my fingers to eat in public! Oysters, shrimp, crab, Cajun fries, garlic butter dipping sauce were all so tasty.  Chicken tenders were also great! When we were there, on February 21st 2012, the place could not serve alcohol so a dozen of us went and got some beer across the parking lot and brought it in the restaurant.  You can also write a message or note on their walls (wood? plywood?)  

I can handly spicy but their mild was quite eye blinking and "huhhhuhh" mouth opening.
LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! BOILING CRAB!!! We were very excited to know that their was one here in the las vegas area. Food is still has the same great taste. One thing i've noticed is that the sauce is a little bit more thicker than the one in orange county, ca. Love how there is no lines to wait but that will probably change since they are new to the area. Always get 3 lbs shrimp (**whole shabang**), sweet potato fries!!!! 

Warning: when coming here dont wear your nice, pretty clothes and be prepared to use your hands!!!
As an avid go-er to the Boiling Crab in California, I feel as though this joint really needs to step their game up considering how to Hot n/ Juicy locations have already been establish in Las Vegas. Come get ready to get messy! Bibs and gloves are supplied.

The first time I went here with my boyfriend, we were really awkwardly seated, but that was fine. They had only been open for a few weeks at this point. The server that we had was a little rude when we asked if we could have some lemon with black pepper and salt. She sarcastically asked, "Did you mean you want more lime?" Seriously girl? Lol.  I know that they were new and it was not that busy, but there were about 10-14 people standing behind the counter chit-chatting away when we did need something, and did not want to be rude by trying to flag them down.

The food was definitely as good as in Calfornia!

The second time we went was definitely the reason why I have raised it to four stars. We were still awkwardly seated, haha. Somehow we landed the same booth that we had last time! This time, our server was very nice and friendly. After she took our orders, she went back and gave us the black pepper and salt cups without us having to ask. The only thing we requested was the lime. Ha. And man did she pour out a lot :D She kept checking up on us the whole time that we were eating and made sure that our drinks were refilled in a timely manner. It wasn't just her this time as well, it seemed like random member of the crew were assisting us which was a plus. Yay for team effort! You HAVE to try their sweet potato fries!

While I was eating, I saw that they are able to accommodate larger parties even when they get busy during dinner hours. This restaurant is definitely big so there is tons of seating everywhere so you won't have to wait. 

We ordered a lb of snow crab with the whole shebang, 2 lbs of shrimp with the whole shebang, sweet potato fries, two drinks, and the gumbo with rice for about $52 before tips.

I say come on down and let your stomach be happy! It is definitely fun for dates or in big groups. The bigger the mess, the better :D
Honestly, I wasn't too impressed with this place especially considering all the hype it's gotten. I ordered a pound of shrimp with all the spices and it just tasted like a bland mess of flavors to me.
You can write all over the benches and walls in Heaven!

Oh wait, this is a review for Boiling Crab!

I've been here but once, but they earned the 5 star-nage with the decor, the ambience, and the food.

Decor - Wood everywhere, and written all over, paper covering the tables with a general sea-faring-ish attitude.  Profess your love for seafood, represent your area code, write whatever you want, just remember to follow the posted writing rule and that this is a family establishment.  Keep it clean!  

Ambience - TVs playing sports, noisy, the sounds of people sucking crawfish and shrimp heads, licking their fingers, wearing bibs and just generally getting down and dirty with their food?  Me likey!  See that paper on the table?  That's your plate, that's your whole tables' plate.  I'm sorry, you wanted a what?  A F-who?  Oh, a fork!  What the f*ck is that for?  Your food came in a plastic bag, ya know.

Food - The whole Sha-Bang, Triple X.  That sounds like an all-inclusive sex resort, but no, that's the seasoning and level of hotness that I got for my meal.  Full flavored with little chunks of garlic and soaking in all it's glory, the crawfish and shrimp were cooked perfectly and were so delectable that when I was done, the bag looked just like new!  You could have re-used it!  Or not.  

Seriously, if you love seafood like I love seafood, this is the place to throw down like there's no tomorrow.  If I was being forced to eat myself to death, I'd ask for a plane ticket to Vegas, and a bottle of Jameson 18 year to go with this last meal.
Mmm Mmm Mmm... I love crawfish and everything that swims in the sea (especially when it's not fried)! Their cajun fries are delicious, the price is not bad, and they have levels of spice you want. I went with medium, but I think I could have gone with the "XXX." Some of my friends thought the medium was getting too hot after eating halfway; so if it's your first time, I would go with the medium if you like a little spice. 

I tried fried catfish which wasn't bad at all. The fish was not dry and there was definitely flavor to it. The gumbo was delicious and it's a huge portion. I would share that. Another note, water is 25 cents. It's not a big deal to me since it was $10/lb crawfish. 

...and the staff were all so friendly! I can't wait to be back.
shrimp, raw oysters, lobster tail, king crab legs ALL FRESH! seasoned perfectly! they have multiple seasonings but the whole SHABANG is the way to go. plenty of meat in the lobster tail and king crab legs so it is worth the "market price." 

Staff is super friendly every person in there seems to act like they are your friends and very friendly.

i have yet to try and of the fried foods but why would i order fried foods when you go to a place like this?

whatever you do, DO NOT WEAR NICE CLOTHES! they will be stained with fresh juices of the sea/ocean.

Right now it is BYOB so its worth it. soon to have a full bar.
So I heard this boiling crab place is really popular in California, so we definitely had to try this place out. My husband who is from there swears up & down that the food here is good even though he Is allergic to shrimp (but only when he wants to be). As newbies to this joint we definitely had to emblazon our names and words of wisdom on the lovely walls of this establishment (yes it is perfectly OK to vandalize the walls, they will even provide you with a sharpie). The menu is pretty simple (or so it seems) how many pounds of shrimp, lobster etc... You want and what kind of style sauce or how spicy you want it...problem is have you ever measured your food intake as to how many pounds? It was a good thing we had experts with us. For for people we had about 1 lb of shrimp & about 1/2 a lb of clams with sausage and a basket of fries, it didn't seem like much for people, but when we got our plastic bags (yes the main entrees are placed in plastic bags & nothing else just like how they do it when you go eat at the pier in redondo beach) it was a lot & was definitely enough for us. Keep in mind they have no plates nor any silverware and YOU MUST LEARN TO EAT WITH YOUR HANDS! so you can savor the goodness of their finger licking Cajun style spicy sauce that your seafood is drenched in. Word of advice though, as we all already know, seafood tends to get pretty pricey, so please do order in moderation, and try as much as you can to visualize how many pounds of food your party can consume so your bill can be somewhat reasonable. This was definitely worth the experience though, worth it enough even for my husband to give this place a "shrimp"  exemption.
Flavor was too faint. Cajun fries were just ok with nothing but Cajun Seasoning all over the Fries. Sweet Potato Fries were great and Cat Fish was huge portions but not too much flavor. Crab had no flavor, great size, wish there was more flavor all around for food
Finally a Boiling Crab in Vegas, now all you Vegas folks don't have to drive all the way to California to get your BC fix. First time I tried BC it was in SoCal, instantly became a fan of the shrimp with the whole sha-bang sauce mild. So naturally when it opened in Vegas i was pretty excited. If you haven't already tried it, definitely try the catfish&fries, soooo good. All in all definitely a good place to eat, foods great, prices are okay, service is great, flat screens all around and its super spacious, unlike the the BC's in SoCal. Don't forget to bring a marker and leave your mark on the walls.
In my opinion, this place is 3.5 stars. Which one is better? Boiling crab or Hot n Juicy?  Hot n juicy tastes a bit better, however boiling crab is 15% cheaper than Hot n Juicy. Boiling crab doesn't have liquor license yet.... So no beer :( But you can bring your own beer or wine here if you like. You do need to show ID to prove you are over 21 thol. Oysters are big and juicy here. And they are cheap!! One dozen of oysters are only $13. The sauce I enjoyed the most was Shabang. It tasted with strong garlic flavor. I was really happy to see my check that night.( 3 pounds of shrimps, 2 dozens of oysters, fried calamari and 5 sodas only cost me under $100 before tips )
Went a few days ago. Medium Whole Shabang was SPICAY!!! Thanks for kicking it up a notch. 

BIB ME!!! 

They still don't have a liquor license, but you can B.Y.O.B. if you have the receipt.
Big location compared to the ones in San Jose, CA. This place does not get as crowded also like in SJ !

Would of got 5 stars if the hostess that night wasn't so stupid with her "jokes"
i've always been a hot n juicy fan and when boiling crab came here to vegas, my friends have a 50-50 review on it so I HAVE to try it myself. Needless to say, i wasn't very impressed. our server was very nice though and the dozen fresh oysters we got were phenomenal, otherwise i would've given this place just 1 star. We pretty much ordered everything on the menu since it was our first time (3 girls and a table full of food) -- we got the shrimp, the lobster, the king crab legs, and the snow crab legs. All of them were EXTREMELY DRY. the shrimp were overcooked, some of it were mushy, some of it you can barely peel coz the shell's all sticking to the meat. the lobster was a disappointment, cracked it open, and the meat was dry and tough. the crab legs were the same, dry and tough meat everywhere. the flavor of the sauce (we got the whole shebang one) was a little bland for our taste. the interior decor was nice though, but as far as the food, not a big fan.
The "Meh. I've experienced better" rating is right..

I've been to BC Koreatown and BC Alhambra in CA but didn't go to either one of them during spring break so that I could try the BC in Vegas.  

First pro to this BC is that there's free + lots of parking. (BC K-town is valet and street parking free after 6pm.  BC Alhambra has street parking but hard to find)

The space surprised me because the BC K-Town and Alhambra are TINY!  Those two combined would only be half the size of BCLV!  I loved the spaciousness and that each table had a tv BUTTTTTTT!!!!! Service was horrible!  BC K-Town is ALWAYS busy (there's a huge line of people waiting in line before the place even opens) but BCLV barely had anyone and yet, my server spent more time at one table full of girls than my table.  I'm sure serving a table full of girls is more fun than serving a couple but honestly, he didn't even stop by to see if we needed a refill...and my boyfriend had his cup RIGHT AT THE EDGE OF THE TABLE!  

The food was okay.  It was too watery/ somewhat bland compared to K-town and Alhambra so I was a little disappointed.  

After we were done eating, the server was still busy serving the girls that we had to get up and get the receipt ourselves..He probably didn't even know we left.

NO TIP..& will stick to BCs in Cali
Very delicious crawfish and sweet potato fries.  Oyster and calamari, and service was lacking

Went here one morning with a group of friends.  It was my first experience.  We were seated immediately and our orders were taken promptly.  However, they only gave us enough salt and pepper thingies and lemons for only half of our group. It took us a good ten minutes to get anyones attention so we could get more.  However, the first person we were able to grab told us we had to wait for our waiter. Okay, the guy couldn't tell the waiter for us? Our guy wasn't paying attention.

The oysters were the first to come out.  Now, I'm not an oyster snob, I don't know the names, I don't know where they come from, I just know if it tastes good or not.  These were not good.  The oyster snobs at my table agreed.  We didn't even eat them all.  We waved down a waiter and asked if we could do anything about it, perhaps deep frying them, since they have fried oysters on the menu.  The guy said no, and walked off. So we were stuck with crappy oysters.

The calamari came out.. Burnt tasting. Not good whatsoever. However, drowning it in ketchup helped. If I could stand the taste, im gonna eat it. I don't like to waste food.

I ordered crawfish in medium and the whole shabang flavor. It was awesome. Large chunks of garlic and a nice spicey flavor.  No complaints here!  Super messy though, I wish I hadn't worn white.

The sweet potato fries were good as well. I loved the slight crunch they had and the sweet flavor.

I'd probably go back if I went to Vegas again, was hungover, and craved crawfish.  Other than that, I'll stick to the one in CA. It was a way better experience.
This is my second time coming here since I have moved to Vegas and I always get my usual shrimp, corn, and sausages medium spice with the whole shabang! I love this place because: 1. It's way bigger than the other two locations in Southern California. 2. As a result of it being bigger, wait times are next to minimal. 3. Service is fast and efficient. 4. Plenty of parking. 5. They have tvs just about everywhere so if there is a big game on, you will not miss it!

Tonight I also ordered the lemon pepper hot wings out of curiosity. To my pleasant suprise the wings were actually pretty good and bigger than your average wings! 

I gave them 4 stars because the first time I came here I remember ordering the calamari which was about 10 dollars. It was good but for that price you get a small portion and honestly one person could scarf it down and not even think twice about it. My recommendation would be to get the hotwings instead because you will actually get more meat for the price. 5 pieces were about 6 bucks and 10 was about 3 bucks more. The two flavors they have are lemon pepper and cajun. No, you cant get both flavors if you order 10 pieces. You would have to order separate to get both flavors. Why you cant split it I dont know. The server couldnt answer my question.

The most common question I get is, "Is it better than Hot n' Juicy?" My answer would be "YES!" Both are similar but Boiling Crab has more advantages namely my 1 thru 5's above. Go eat at both and you can come up with your own conclusion, but as you can see I already gave you mine.

So if you have that seafood with spices craving, BC should satisfy!
Excessive Make Up Hostess was really rude, a robot would show more genuine courtesy. The music was great. The atmosphere felt like a child's park due to shouting kids, running around the restaurant. The decor felt like outdoor seating and the writing all around walls made the place feel like a high school chemistry desk because of all the writing. We arrived a few minutes before another table but was waited on after that table.  The worst aspect of the restaurant, the CHARGE for TAP WATER! The waitress was nice. Would I eat here again? Only if this was the last place for seafood. Would make a decent place for beer pong competitions.
When I'm in the mood for crawfish, my first thought is never Boiling Crab in Garden Grove because I hate the wait and the loudness and the charge for what seems like every little thing. The food itself isn't too bad, but I find it more worth my time and money to go to the Cajun Corner, a bit further down Brookhurst. With that being said, I was still interested in trying the Boiling Crab that opened in Las Vegas. Little naive me was hoping it wouldn't be too bad.

K. and I went on a Wednesday night, and unlike the GG BC, there was no line outside the door. Yay! However there was a short wait, about 10 minutes. However when we were seated, I was able to see that although the restaurant may have had all the tables booked, the booths along the side were deserted. That irked me a little, and also because our hostess was slightly rude. When she sat us down, she didn't even bother to look at us when she was talking to us. She told us the usual, here's your table and your server will be with you shortly, blah blah, but she must've been talking to another table seated behind us, because she sure as heck wasn't looking at us. Or maybe she was, I just couldn't tell underneath the inch-wide layer of eyeliner. Little makeup tip for you sweetie, that look is so 5 years ago. Makeup is supposed to accentuate your features, not hide them. You're wearing it wrong. Moving on...

Our server took a bit long to reach us. I noticed that a family got seated after us, yet they were waited upon before us. That's never cool. But whatever..so I have been to BC before so I know they charge for water, which I personally think is ridiculous, but whatever, so K. and I brought our own water. Turns out they have a policy where you can't bring your own water (!!!!!!!) but our waitress was nice enough to give us a cup to pour our water into. The food seemed like it took a loooot longer to come out, and there's no way this place is as busy as the one in GG.

K. and I both ordered crawfish, mild, the whole she-bang, and the food itself wasn't too bad. I did miss having condiments though...I'm so used to getting free condiments at the Cajun Corner, but eh. One huge plus was the corn was soo freakin' good. Quite possibly the best tasting corn I've ever had at a crawfish place. 

My experience here wasn't too bad, but it wasn't great. When in socal, I'll just stick to the Cajun Corner, and when in Vegas, I'll just curb my craving 'til I get back home. Probably won't come back.

Oh, one more thing, awesome music though! Dashboard Confessional, Yellowcard, Something Corporate...if that was someone's ipod, awesome taste in music! =)
I just tried Boiling Crab for the first time and it definitely lived up to its rave reviews.  The staff here is friendly and attentive and the food is amazing!  I tried the shrimp, crawfish, and dungeness crab.  Some were flavored with "the whole sha-bang" and garlic spread.  You can't go wrong with either sauce!  They both taste great.  I will definitely be coming back here.
This place is awesome had the 1/2 lb shrimp rajun cajon mild and gumbo with rice. Busy as heck there was at least a 15 minute wait. Not bad I guess. Nice and big place with good service. I still like Hot n Juicy but I think I'm out voted on that. My gf and sister in law both said they prefer here.
It's Friday, fish day for me, and family just arrived from Hawaii.  We decided to give the Boiling Crab a try, and we expected long lines.  

The wait would we were told about 30 minutes, we decided to wait, but we got seated in only 20 minutes, so it was great.  We got service right away and placed our order.  I ordered clams and shrimp by the pound with mild spice, and the hub bub. 


The shrimp are huge, with head on, the sauce was just spicy enough to give my eyes a little water!  I also ordered a cup of the gumbo without rice, it has a very strong okra base, dark brown rue, very good flavors.

The rest of the table ordered fried baskets, I tried some of the big rings of calamari, it was tender, and the sweet potato fries were good.

Service was good, lots of fun in the place, big screen TVs everywhere to watch your favorite team, and food was great.
Not bad food, but it was strange to have to go to a store to have beer (still working liquor license). It's a chain, though the food was better than expect. I looks like a chain restaurant you'd find in Texas such as in Arlington or anywhere in the DFW Metroplex. This "spicy" is not as spicy as one would like, and the "non-spicy" (for the kids) does have some spice to it. 

"Big" issue for me was they didn't have brewed iced tea! Fountain tea is crap (and who really drinks that anyway???)

Service was not the greatest, even for what it was. Waitress tended to disappear and never looked at her tables in case people needed something. She didn't really seem to know the food having trouble answering basic questions ("spicy like those spicy doritos"... really??)

Hot-n-Juicy is still better all the way around. Doubt we'll go back.
I took random notes on my phone:

1) The urinals sucks. The shape of them is such that your stream plashes back no matter where you aim.

2) The food was served piping hot and deliciously fresh.

3) The fried catfish was my favorite thing, and served in generous portions.

4) The fried oysters were the small kinds. Really oystery (in a good way).

5) The king crab was was OK. By the size of it, it was more like "prince" crab. The boil was a bit boring compared to similar style restaurants I've been to. It mostly just tasted like garlic.
I can't  believe we didn't have to wait two hours like we usually do at California locations! I guess this place is fairly new, and not many know about it yet. It tastes just like the restaurants in California (one on brookhurst and the other on Euclid). We ordered shrimp, clams, sausages, and oh yeah! crawfish. All whole shabang medium spicy.  Also ordered 2 orders of cajun fries (must). They are hot and crispy. With 2bottles of modelo beer and a side order of rice, the bill came out to $71 for 4. we were full and content. Warning: vampires be aware! our blood is 50% garlic!
I love crab and eat it often but it's usually bits of a crab with the taste of 'brine freeze'.

The Boiling Crab was a pleasant surprise - they serve whole crab, the whole sweet, juicy crab!!  And it's cooked just right.  The crayfish were tasty and the shrip were whole, big, plump and sweet.

Everything was great, service was just right (not bothersome, but kept the glass filled).

I've said goodbye to my old crab restaurants, from now on it's the Boiling Crab.
It is a shame that we had to go all the way to Las Vegas to be able to eat at the Boiling Crab on a weekend night without having to wait 2+ hours to be seated.  In Los Angeles the Boiling Crab is crazy popular, and is always packed.  Apparently the Boiling Crab has not received the hype in Las Vegas that it has in Los Angeles.  However, I do feel that the hype is deserved because the food here is just that good!

We arrive to this Boiling Crab last Friday night after spending the whole afternoon driving from LA.  When we pulled up I jumped out of the car to put our group's name down on the wait list while the others parked.  I was shocked when I entered to find no line, and no one waiting.  I asked the hostess how long the wait was, and she told me "10 minutes."  I responded in disbelief with an "excuse me, did you say 10 minutes?!"  After getting over the shock of there being no wait, I headed to the restroom since I had been sitting in a car for hours.  By the time I got back, my group was already seated!  I was AMAZED!

This Boiling Crab location has the same look as the other ones I have been to in LA, but is just bigger...MUCH bigger.  This probably contributes to the wait not being as long here.  The food was identical to what I have had at the LA locations.  Since I have loved the food at the Boiling Crab, I loved the food here as well.  My wife and I split orders of king crab legs, shrimp, sausage and potatoes.  We typically go with the THE WHOLE SHA-BANG seasoning with everything, but changed it up and had the Rajun Cajun with the shrimp, sausage and potatoes.  The Rajun Cajun was good, but it was no WHOLE SHA-BANG.  Truthfully, we just didn't want to overdo the garlic while we were in Vegas, but next time we will go back to what we typically order.

Eating at the Las Vegas Boiling Crab was the best experience I have ever had at a Boiling Crab.  Not having to wait or deal with pushy people waiting in line made dining here what eating out should be about, the food!  If I could, I would give this place more than 5 stars.  Since Yelp won't let me do that, I will say that this Boiling Crab is a must visit place if you are in Las Vegas.
First off...Im from socal and the bc here was great..before. Now a days it doesnt satisfy me as much as kickin crab...BUT.. while we were all in vegas..we decided..hey lets just try it out here. OMG!! this BC is AMAZING. I cant put my finger on it on why..but the taste is so much better then the one in oc! everytime I do go back to vegas..I have to stop by bc. I also tried hot and juicy... eh..that place aint for me. BC is big and has a big enough wait space for people to sit. MUST EAT HERE!!
I go here often with a group of friends and whenever friends come in to town for a visit we take them here as well as another excuse to go. This place is always a blast and the food is always on point. The price is fairly decent for what you get and the service has always been outstanding for us when we go but maybe thats just because they see us in here every week to every other week. You order by the half pound or the pound depending how much you can eat. I usually go with the sausage and the shrimp and throw in 2 corns with the "whole shibang" and it always hits the spot. The Cajun fries is something i tend to also order as another fav to add to my meal. Parking is easy as there is alot of it. The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. Def a spot i think people need to check out.
Practically no wait for a fri nite which is great.  hopefully, it stays this way b/c it's still new... but not for long
Every time we come to Vegas we fulfill our crawfish cravings.  Up to this point we have only experienced Hot N Juicy crawfish.  After reading the reviews on boiling crab I felt confident we would have a great evening.  Sadly, that was not the case and at this point our experience has to be the worst dining experience we have had in 2012.   

Let's start with the good.  We went on a Thursday and were seated right away.  We ordered a couple punds of crawfish 1 with the cajun spice 1 med and 1 mild some boiled shrimp and some fried shrimp and fries for our young son (2.5yrs).  
The boiled food all came out together and was prompt and tasted good to great no complaints here.  

Now the bad. First, the fried food came out at least 10-15 minutes after the boiled food so I was left managing a hungry toddler trying to keep him out of the spicy food.  
We had to track down another server to get them to check on it.    Then we immediately ordered some additional boiled crawfish. After 15 to 20 minutes of no food and no server we sought someone out to figure it out. Another 10 minutes and our server shows up saying they must of sent our order to another table. She rushed our order and offered 25% discount. A nice gesture but sadly the poor service continued, as our toddler continued his downward spiral we tried to get our check and waited another 10 minutes.   Over all the service was lacking and inattentive.  
The food was good but I found the crawfish to be a tad overcooked and hard to peel. I probably wouldn't have noticed that if I wasn't already upset by the poor service.    The crawfish were large and flavorful but the sauce spicy levels were hard to distinguish.

 

Overall a disappointing experience.  We are headed back to hot n juicy on this trip to salvage our crawfish dining experience.
Place is really good, good atmosphere and food. Only downfall is I wish thy had more options in food and wish it wasn't so expensive on certain items of food.
Dont come here for fancy seafood but do come here for some market price seafood served in a plastic bag and eaten on the table lined with wax paper.  If you think that is tacky... then you'll miss out on some finger lickin good food.  Choose your own spices and heat of the spice - nice personalizations.

King crab legs, shrimp, cajun fries and some corn... Tasty, messy... Wear something you don't mind getting a bit dirty... time to try the local one in Sacramento now.
There's noting I can add to the other five star reviews. I love the place. The ambiance, the staff, the food, everything about it is perfect. My record so far is two pounds of crawfish, a blue crab, a dungeness crab, two potatoes, corn on the cob, half a dozen oysters, and a few french fries. We were there for three or four hours. Never regretted a minute. Such a fun place to hang out and talk with friends. No pressure to roll over the tables or get your order in. Just relax, eat, chat, and have a great time.
Love the boiling crab. Everytime we go here we always have a great time and eat great food. The raw oysters are to die for! I usually get the least of the spicy, because there is still a spice to it no matter what. My son likes the fried food, and so do we! Service is pretty quick everytime we go. I have been to hot n juicy, but we tend to keep going back to boiling crab.
Crawfish, shrimps and calamari were all good sizes.  Servers are always friendly (been a guest three times).  The whole shabang is recommended.  If you have kids they can still have the whole shabang without spice.  The corn is so good that when ou take a bite, it just comes right off.
First timer here at the Boiling Crab and boy was I satisfied!! Food was great but a little pricy. Service was fast and on it! My family and I were thinking it was going to be a small portion but boy was I wrong. 1 lobster, 1 dungeness crab and 2 lbs of shrimp was enough for us. I will be definitely coming back here. 5 stars!
This place is overpriced and overrated.  For the price, I'd rather go to Rio's Village Seafood Buffet and have all you can eat crab, shrimp, clams, etc.  I wasn't impressed with the seasoning either but it is cool that you get a ginormous bib.
I have been to BC twice now, but I would have never even thought to try it if it weren't for the suggestion of my college classmate, who is from LA.

Each visit, I have ordered 1lb of shrimp with sha-bang mild with an order of corn in the bag. I've also had the crab legs and lobster but although I have a taste for expensive eats, lobster and crab legs just don't do it for mel. I've sampled the crawfish too from a friend's bag but for me, there's no point to ordering crawfish unless it's the right season!

But: the shrimp in sha-bang mild is a godsend. The sauce is a mixture of garlic and heaven and if you don't try it, you're sincerely missing out. Large, perfectly cooked shrimp with the head still on (eating tip: rip the head off, suck some flavor out, then peel and eat the shrimp meet. ::drool::).

I love getting messy and eating with my hands, but of you've got a problem with that, BC probably isn't your place! Seafood orders come out in a plastic bag and after that: game on. Put on your bib, roll back your sleeves, and dig in!

  I've also sampled the Cajun fries (addicting and delicious) the sweet potato fries, and the fried catfish. All wonderful!

The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because our orders have been mixed up on both visits and overall, the service hasn't been five-star worthy.

IMHO: Boiling Crab BEATS Hot 'N Juicy, hands down.
This is the place to go if you like seafood and don't mind messy eating. Oh and you'll smell like the sauce afterwards. 

This was my 2nd time coming here for dinner tonight. We ordered 1lb of shrimp (in shebang sauce, medium heat), 1/2 lb of shrimp (in garlic sauce, medium heat), gumbo with rice, and basket of sweet potato fries. 

I couldn't tell the difference between the sauces (mixed vs individual.. probably cuz of the strong garlic flavor). Shrimp is fairly large in size, gumbo was not bad, sweet potato fries were decent. 

The dining area is large and the wait staff was friendly. Parking is accessible as well. 

Overall I don't crave this type of food very often, but on the occasions where I'm in the mood, I will return to boiling crab.
First time here and it was definitely a treat. Went on a Monday night an hour before they closed and the service was wonderful. They didn't mind at all. The food was just as good as the service. I recommend you come early because if you want the king crab and the blue crab. Those sell out quick. The crawfish and snow crab were delicious. Only thing I didn't enjoy as much was the corn. It was overcooked. The flavoring was on point but it felt like I was eating baby food. I will definitely come back again to try that king crab; when my wallet recovers from the hit it took last night.
superb service, typical boiling crab awesome food (exactly like the LA branches) and all I can say is I wish they had a boiling crab in DC!!!!!!!!!!!
I had been wanting to try this place out for a long time. I love Hot N' Juicy, but they are considerably more expensive than this place. 

I will give you a couple of tips -

The price is more expensive at Hot N' Juicy, but the tasty and quality is much better. 
You still reek of garlic for at least 24 hours after leaving this place. 

We ordered, 1lb each of the following -
Dungeness Crab (this is a whole crab, and it is typically 2lbs or more)
King Crab 
Snow Crab
Clams

The only thing you'll get close to a pound is the clams. Everything else will be as close to a pound as possible. 
We also had 2 rounds of beers and our tab was a little over $100. That is a very reasonable price for as much as we got. 
I always recommend getting all of the flavors. The medium is pretty spicy, and I enjoy very spicy things. So if you like hot, get medium to hottest. 

The flavor here is good, but could be better. Also, a couple of legs for the kind crab were over cooked, so it made is very difficult to get it out. As much as you pay for a pound for King crab, it's very frustrating if it's not cooked properly. 
I did enjoy this place, and the service was good. I will probably go back, but I would always compare it to Hot N' Juicy's quality, but not complain about the price.
my good to place when I want to be comforted.  Only worth going if youre in the mood for seafood and don't mind eating with your hands, with a bib, and no utensils.  Depending on the mood I usually go for the fried calamari, 1# shrimp with the whole shabang and cajun fries med spicy.  LOVE THE FRIES.  * The only thing is after dinner we usually crave something sweet for dessert and we have to end up going to DQ or something of that nature.  Also don't plan on going anywhere afterwards if unless you want the smell of garlic to stay with you.
We were party of 12 and just waited for 5 mins before we got seated. The service was excellent and quick.  Everyone had their orders and enjoyed their meal.  

I was still full from my dim sum breakfast so i just ordered Fried Calamari, it was perfectly cooked and very tender!  The sweet potato fries were totally enjoyed by everyone! Kids had a tummy full of shrimps!  Adults had clams, sausages & crawfish!

Will definitely come back here...great for groups as you can share different stuff!
This place is super yummy! I really liked the whole sha-bang seasoning, so good!  Growing up in the South, I have high standards for Cajun seafood, and this place does not disappoint!  The seafood here is really fresh and plump. The crawfish and the shrimp were really big and came out piping hot.  The crab was really delicious too. I would definitely recommend adding corn and sausage to the bag and eating it Southern style.

I was pleasantly surprised at how large the  restaurant is and how there was no wait.  I'll definitely be coming back!
OH MY GOODNESS!! I'M GETTING HUNGRY JUST WRITING THIS REVIEW!
I wanted to try the BOILING CRAB IN LOS ANGELES, but, I heard about the long lines and wait. So, when I discovered on in Las Vegas and we had planned to go in a couple of week and NO LINES OR WAIT! i knew what i was going to do...Vegas here we come!!
We arrived on a Monday!! 
 and set out..The place is big! plenty of tables and booths and NO LINES!!! NO WIATING! The staff greeted us at the door and lead us to a booth. SHe covered the table with a long sheet of paper aand put bibs around our necks and gave us the run down of the menu...But, I already menu...I've been looking at it online for days!

We ordered 1 lb shrimp, 1 lb crab legs, 1 lb crawfish all smothered in SHABANG SAUCE! I also had them trow in corn and potatoes. Hubby had fried catfish basket wi cajun fries. 

I must say when all of that yumminess came to our table..we pounced on it as if ...we were waiting for weeks to try it!!

THe shrimp were big and juicy, the crawfish and crab legs equally good. Love the Shabang sauce the seasoning is deep, flavorful, garlicy sauce with a kick. The catfish basket included 5 nice size pieces andwell cooked fries with cajun seasoning.

We loved this meal so much, we came back again on Thursday! This time we had Shrimp (again...that good!), fried oysters and calamari, with potatoes and corn in the yummy shabang sauce!! 

The food is so good, I guess I will have to go to the L.A. restaurant...and wait!

Oh the only dish it's missing is a Dessert...like a sherbert or ice cream to cool you off from the Spicy Sauce!
So many TVs everywhere, Boiling Crab puts Buffalo Wild Wings to shame.

There was a perfect view of the game in every angle of the room. I went there for a NBA Finals game and I was stoked to see so many televisions. If this place wasn't a restaurant, I would assume it's a tv convention with all the tv's they have in there. Best part of my night, I ate for free because we had a bet on the game, and the loser had to cover the tab (Eat for free?? Oh yes, I LOVE it!).

The food was great, service was even better. There are dozens of people on the floor scurrying around refilling drinks and serving countless bags of yummy shrimp, just waiting to be devoured by hungry guests. The shrimps are gigantic but the portions are pretty small. I had to order two bags for a filling meal.

Oh yeah, make sure to take a sharpie or pen. Inside it looks like some severe graffiti took place, but the restaurant is OK with people writing on the walls. I regret not bringing one because I wanted to doodle all over the walls.

One gripe: They are missing a sauce between medium and Triple X. Isn't there supposed to be a "hot" somewhere between that? Because Triple X is too damn spicy and medium is too mild. Oh, and I wish they had pitchers of beer. Ordering them individually takes out the fun. :[

But I'm nip-picking here. This place is up there with Hot and Juicy for me, as far as the quality of food. However, in terms of service and venue, I would choose Boiling Crab in a heartbeat. It is so much roomier, faster and better service, and thousands of TVs. Food comes out in less than 5 minutes, 10 minutes if they are busy. I'm definitely coming here once football season starts.
This place is huge!  Donald Trump HUGE!  Good service.
Delicious. I just took pops there for father's day. He loves it too!  The corn on the cob in the bag with some shrimp and crab legs is unreal.
I just found this place, previously I had been going to 'Hot n Juicy', but I gotta say, I have a new found place! This place is way better. The atmosphere is better, the place is bigger and the food is better! 
I love their shrimp with the garlic sauce. Can't wait til I'm back in town and can stop here again!
Delicious, great value, great service, great mess!

$100 for 4: 2lbs of clams, half-dozen oysters, 1lb of snow crab legs, 1lb of crawfish, half portion of sausage, 6 halves of delicious corn, 4 soft drinks w/ refills, tax & tip
Ehhh. The staff sucks, not happy and cool like at hot and juicy. Not much to look at either. The environment is not up beat and fun like h&j either. With that said this would be the difference between corporate America and an independent biz. Once hot and juicy goes corporate it will be the same shit. Ok now for the 3 stars. The calamari was 100% better then Hot and juicy. The clams were awesome. The gumbo was good. And u think the sauce was better. However the shrimp were all different sizes and on the smaller side. I like em big and juicy so over all it needs much improvement. Oh and no bread. I actually was told by waiters people bring their own...... I went over to food for less and bought a French bread. It was great.
The place is pretty big, decor by well, anyone with a marker or pen, shark that I swear used to hang in an old Joe's Crab Shack, and old helicopter blades made into ceiling fans (ok, maybe I made that up, but you check it out and tell me what else it could be!). ****Service is attentive and fast.****
Order with an open mind, an open wallet, and the expectation of getting very messy. With a short, but sweet menu of boiled seafood and fried goodness, there is nothing less pretentious than being served hot plastic bags of food brought to you in buckets, rice in to-go containers and plastic utensils if needed. Being of the indecisive, yet I want to try everything, mind set, the "whole she-bang" of flavor choices seemed perfect and worked out well as the sauce in which the food arrived in. Flavorful and a bit spicy, the flavor penetrated the shells of the shrimp perfectly and left the meat tender.
 
Use your hands to eat everything and satisfy your need to break the heads off helpless creatures, tear meat away from shell and bask in the juices spraying everywhere as you destroy your meal. Hulk hungry!! Then discard the useless parts on the table just like you used to do at mom's. It's finger, hand, wrist, forearm, elbow, chin, forehead-licking good. 

Be prepared for scores of Asians dining here and only one moist towelette per guest brought with the check; perfect to wipe off the hand which opens the door to the bathroom to wash up for real. And what do Asians have to do with anything here? Nothing, just a keen observation.
Great for everyone on a first date.
I thought I posted this from my phone, but it's been sitting in my drafts =/ Sorry for the delay lol....

I heard about this place from my cousins in California and recently found out that we have one out here in Vegas. We decided to go here for fathers day dinner and were in for a treat.

The menu was small but it was your basics for seafood. A few varieties of crab to choose from, shrimp, crawfish, oysters, catfish, and for those that don't like seafood they had chicken fingers. What makes it yummy is the options you have for seasonings. I went with the whole shabang for my crawfish and was in heaven. We also ordered fried and raw oysters. I've never had fried oysters so I wasn't sure if I'd like it. As soon as we got the order I tried the fried oyster and it was sooooooooo good. It just melts in your mouth :)

The service was great. Fast and friendly. If you happen to have a sharpie on you, you can decorate certain areas in the booth and around the restaurant. The prices are reasonable and the food is great! I will definitely be back for more :)
service is 8/10- they have a lot of servers serving other tables but it takes a lil bit to get back to you if you need something but they would check later if we needed water. 

crawfish 9/10 - Its preety awesome its not as oily as hot n juicy so I didn't have a tummy ache and the flavors were great

Crab legs 9/10- Awwwww man they were delicious and of course all crab is expensive but it hit just the right spot.

oh and one more thing its automatic gratitude at the end of the check. you also get to write on the walls : )
I order the spicy crawfish and snow crab legs and both 8 out of 10! The price is same for one pound of crawfish $10.99 so I guess thats okay. I expected the crawfish to be mouth burning how I like it, but it wasn't.This place gets jam packed on Friday and Saturday so be ready to wait for 30 minutes for a table. The service is cool.
4 stars for being as good as the one in Houston, Tx and an additional star for no wait, scoreeeee!!
First off - I'm not a girl that is okay with mess. Not even a little bit. As such, it was tough for me to get on board with the idea of eating at a place that delivers saucy shrimp in a plastic bag - only for their patrons to then DUMP the contents onto their butcher-paper-lined tables. I mean, seriously - EW. 

But it was the touristy thing to do, so we took a trip to The Boiling Crab on one of our recent visits to the City of Sin. 

From the moment we entered, it quickly began to win my heart over. It was the little things, really. An area for you to leave your mark on the (Boiling Crab) world via a Sharpie marker, a la old school Gino's East establishments. Iced Green Tea on the menu. Super-fun plastic bibs that I couldn't resist donning almost immediately. And - could it be?! - sweet potato fries on the menu! SCORE!

Unable to get past the ick factor of spilling out a bunch of shrimp juice onto my portion of the table - not to mention that I don't actually know how to peel my own shrimp - I opted for the much safer 'Fried Shrimp Basket.' It did not disappoint! Battered, but not overly so, and with a flavor that I've yet been able to match with other fried shrimp joints - I was not at all jealous of my dining companions (who were up to their knuckles in shrimp-y goodness). 

And, for the piece de resistance - the sweet potato fries. I would come here again and again for these alone. Thin cut, incredibly crispy, and salted to a science - I didn't want to share! They were perfect for alternating with the 'XXX Cajun Fries,' as those suckers were seriously spicy. Like embarrassed-because-you-thought-you-could-handle-it-but-you-coughed-after-taking-just-a-bite spicy. 

To top it all off, service here is always amazing. Servers are beyond friendly, and bring refills on your drinks before you even realize you need one. My only gripe? That they haven't opened any Boiling Crabs in the Midwest yet!
Crawfish and shrimp the whole sha bang is bomb either medium or xxx but beware xxx will I repeat will mess you up after eating it. The service is always hit or miss depending who is the server. Been there a couple times when they forget to put the order in and then play dumb and say its being made while everyone around is getting there orders, PS we aren't dumb so just be truthful and move on, ignoring it and then giving 10 or 15% off doesn't hurt me but it does hurt your business. If it wasn't for that happening in my last 2 visits then it could be 5 stars. So 4 stars on food only.
After going to almost all of the boiling crabs in the LA/OC area, I finally tried out the one in Vegas. I was surprised to find out that they were open so early on a Saturday. When we arrived around 1230, I was really shocked to see that there was no line! Our waitress was super nice and friendly. I didn't get her name, but she along with the other ladies working were great! I went with a group of friends and we took the BC virginity of 2 of them. Let me just say that after they took their first bite, they were not disappointed! For me the food was delicious. I ordered a Corona with lime to make the pound of shrimp taste even better! 

If you've never been to BC before I always order 1 lb. shrimp, whole shebang, medium with a corn! Absolutely delicious! Also get some Cajun fries too!

Don't forget that this place is where you eat with your hands and yes, it does get dirty...
We decided to check this place out while on a recent trip to Sin City.  I was happy to see that it was located just a couple of blocks from our hotel.  I had been hearing about The Boiling Crab from my friends here in L.A. but hadn't had a chance to venture out and try them.

Thankfully the Vegas location was not crowded at all.  I was a little worried about eating here on a Friday night when there was so much going on in town.  We got there at about 7:30pm and were seated right away.  We had:

2 pounds of shrimp with mild Rajun Cajun seasoning
Corn for one bag  
Gumbo with rice
Fried Shrimp Basket 
Dos Equis
Water
Total = $54+ with tax and tip


Highlights:
-The prices are extremely reasonable given the amount of food you receive
-The amount of food you receive is pretty impressive
-Service was fast and friendly (only had to ask for something twice, one time)
-Cool and clean decor
-My corn was delicious!! Should have ordered more. Hmpf! 


Lowlights:
 - One has to get over the fact that you can actually see the "track" aka poop trail in the back of a lot of your shrimp
- Tartar sauce was bland 
-The bulk of the flavor for the seafood is at the bottom of the bag, I kept having to dip my shrimp pieces in the sauce 
-Did they really just charge me $0.25 for water?!?!?!
-Only 2 of the 3 bathrooms were working in the women's restroom (not sure if that is a good sign...) 

I know some folks didn't like the mess (or the whole head thing) and I guess that it is part of the experience.  It reminds me of some other crab places (Crab Pot in Long Beach) but with more mess and less flavor.

I'm glad I tried it but there are some other places (Rockin Baja Lobster) that deliver less mess and way more flavor! 

Key tips = while you can come here on a date, please be prepared to get a little down and dirty.  Thank goodness for the bibs!
Watch out Hot N Juicy Crawfish, you have some competition in Vegas. Yes this is the same Boiling Crab as you can find in San Jose and Southern California. The one difference for the one here in Vegas is that there really is no wait (at least for the couple of times that I have been there). The Boiling Crab is a lot bigger than the ones in Southern California and now have a huge wall of tvs that will be great to watch any sporting event, especially once football season starts. 

You must get the whole shabang sauce (basically extra butter, garlic and spices) to marinate your selection of seafood. You can select how spicy you like, I usually get medium so I can still taste the seafood flavor of the shrimp and king crab legs. I am not a huge fan of crawfish so I usually don't order that. Other things that are must orders include corn and sausage (added to your shrimp), a side of rice to eat with the sauce, some fresh oysters to start, and maybe a fried fish basket with cajun fries. 

Overall, a great place to hang out with your friends, eat some great cajun seafood, grab some beers and watch some sporting events.
We went here like an hour before closing. A late dinner, but it was worth it. My friend ordered fried catfish, and it tasted good. We all ordered shrimps. The shrimps were fat and juicy. It is making my mouth water just remembering it. I ordered one pound of shrimp with all the sauces and garlic. Then for round two I ordered another pound of shrimp with all the sauces but half garlic and hot and spicy. The hot and spicy had that good burn. When you first eat the hot and spicy shrimp, you think it's alright but then the after burn kicks in. I love it. When I was done, I was sweating up a storm. It is like I ran 2 miles in 80 degree weather, and I'm skinny and a runner. I just alternated with the garlic and spicy, so my tongue won't fall off.  

The place is good. Good location. Big parking lot. Friendly workers. You can write on the wooden walls. We even saw a drawing of Manning Pac Man on the wall.
Came on a Sunday evening, May 13, 2012.

I'm from SoCal, so I'm no stranger to this chain.  A friend swears they have the best (cajun) fries, and I can't argue with that... yet.

If you've never had crawfish, and you're in Vegas and wanting to try something new, this is a great place to wet your beak.  It's a little off the strip, so be forewarned.  The place is huge, and there are plenty of small TV's (though crappy quality, I never made a note in my phone about what brand).

Many people like the shrimp, cause you get more meat for your buck.  But crawfish has a unique flavor, and I do recommend getting a pound to play with.  Yes, it's a lot of work for such a small morsel of meat, but it's more of an socializing activity for me than a dining experience.  A beer goes well with the spice.

Arvin T swears the snow crab is the best.  He also raves about their sweet tea... idk why, I tasted his and it was ok.  But then again, maybe he knows his sweet tea, so give it a go if you're a fan.
Food here is good, service was okay we kept having to flag down someone... And the price on menu did not match our bill which is fine could have been server error.. Overall it is a good place to eat when you are in the mood for seafood.
The snow crab & corn in the whole shabang sauce was so tasty!  Service was great.  My hands smelled like that sauce for days.  I wasn't crazy about that.  I also didn't like the iced tea and the fact that they don't have Splenda.  Also, put paper towels in the bathroom, please!  Prices are high, so it will have to be an occasional treat.  Yum.
The Boiling Crab definitely fulfilled my seafood craving.  Service was friendly and the food came out fast!  

GUMBO: not thick enough for my taste; the flavor was there but it could use more sausages

FRIED OYSTERS: yum!  The breading reminded me of Popeyes' fried chicken breading and they are large.

FRIED CATFISH: so-so

FRIES: crispy 

SNOW CRAB: my favorite part of the meal; these were easy to crack open and had great flavor to them

CLAMS: tasty as well

SHRIMP: a bit mushy and the sauce did not adhere to them that well

DUNGEONOUS CRAB: expensive and not as fresh as the snow crab

Overall, a fun experience, especially for large parties.  I will be back soon!
Okay... This has been a while in coming. I came in here just as they were opening on a weekday, and the place was empty, but people were coming in slowly. I was promptly informed that they were out of blue crab and only had frozen crawfish. No prob as I was here for the snow crab legs. Got seated promptly and waited on just as quick. 
I ordered the snow crab legs not spicy and with the whole sha-bang which I guess is Cajun, lemon pepper, butter and garlic. I also asked for 2 pieces of corn. Me loves corn.
Everything comes in a big steaming plastic bag. The table is covered with a sheet of paper ripped off a roll and this paper is containment for the entire tables mess that's left when the meal is done. All the empty shells etc...are just thrown on the table and everything is picked up in one fell swoop. The waiter gave me a sheller and cracker tool. I also needed a fork to help get the meat out of the legs. Anyway... It was awesome. The flavor was magnificent. I could taste the old bay, the garlic, the butter...very very sweet tender crab. The corn made the meal even better. I consider myself a corn connoisseur. I hate when I get corn that has been soaking in a water bath for so long it is flavorless and soggy. This was crisp and soaking in the sauce just made it full of goodness. 

Oh the sauce... I used the eaten corn cobs to sop up the sauce and just kept sucking the sauce out of the cobs. The garlic chunks were so plentiful and soft I didn't know how much garlic I was eating... When I went to pick up my wife from work afterwards, she asked if I had leftover food in the car...that's how intense the smell was. My hands reeked of garlic for several days afterwards. I told her she needed to try the place...I couldn't wait to take her there so we went back that weekend. She really enjoyed it. So mucho that we took friends who were visiting a few weeks later. That third visit was the best one yet! That nights meal had the most crab of all found in the bag. Each leg was big and oh so tender. We really really love this place, and writing this makes me think tomorrow's dinner is going to be there. 

The only problem I have had in 3 visits was on the last visit with friends, I ordered the mild instead of not spicy. I asked for two pieces of corn, my wife asked for one. When the meal came the bag I was handed had one piece and my wife's had two, so we asked if it was just each others order and we just should switch bags. He said no...hers was correct and he took my bag back to get another piece of corn...well 20 minutes later everyone was in the middle of their meal and I hadn't gotten my food back yet. All for another corn. My waiter disappeared for 15 minutes so we had to ask another for my food. Anyway it turns out after talking with my wife that it was switched bags from the get go. She said here's was a bit spicier than she xpected. We like spice so it wasn't a problem, but the waiter messed up...no real biggie. Not going to keep me from going back. My friends who can be real picky loved it too. The husband who can be real proper sometimes, dove in head first. Not knowing how to eat crabmeat I showed him, and by the end of business his hands were bsolutely covered on sauce...wish I had my camera handy.
I've been to 2 different Boiling Crab locations in Southern California, several times.  The food is always delicious, but this location gave, hands down THE best Boiling Crab experience I've ever had. We had a party of 23 on a Sunday evening (8/26/12) , so we were expecting even somewhat of a long wait...

We waited not even 5 minutes, we had our own secluded area toward the back the back of the restaurant, and the service was EXCEPTIONAL! Not once did anyone in our very large party have to ask for anything twice.  I wish I had gotten the name of our main server, as well as the other 2 who assisted him, but if the rest of the staff is as nice and on top of things as our server was, it would even be worth the wait.

Will definitely be back sometime when I am in town again!
I prefer the food at Hot N Juicy, but the atmosphere/interior of the Boiling Crab is tops (at least compared to the original HNJ location, I haven't been to their new location yet).

The shrimp (about $10 a pound) was large. They still had their heads on, which can make for a memorable experience. I ripped one off and all the brains and extra stuff exploded all over me. Luckily I had their plastic bib on. The king crabs were excellent (roughly $25 per pound). It's tough to ever be disappointed with king crabs as long as their not overcooked. We got the whole sha-bang with both. That's a mixture of all their seasonings -- rajun cajun, lemon pepper, and garlic pepper. I loved how they had chunks of garlic in there. It made for a great dipping sauce. We also got corn and potatoes. Dip that stuff in the sauce and cover in garlic and you'll be in heaven.

The place is huge. Plenty of tables, chairs and booths and TVs everywhere. It's a great place to watch football or just hang out with a group. They get extra points for having HD, unlike HNJ, where the reception was nothing but static.
Everytime I think of crawfish, this is one of the first places that come to mind. Place is pretty big and the food is amazing. When you want spicy, you will definately get spicy!! I think the flavors here are a bit more flavorful than Hot N Juicy, but both places are good in my book.

Crawfish is a nice size esp for the time of season I went. I was shocked that they were as big as they were. The corn that comes in the bag is so sweet, but be careful though, bc if you ordered the spicy crawfish, your mouth will burn from the seasoning that rubbed on the corn. Also, the shrimps are nice and big too. If you want a lot of meat with less work then crawfish, then shrimp is your way to go, but I prefer crawfish.

Can't wait to come back. I want a crawfish place like this up in Philly. Too bad the only places that carry an abundance of crawfish is at chinese buffets and they aren't as flavorful.
Same Boiling Crab I know and love in LA, except bigger space and no waiting.  Ordered the snow crab with whole shebang medium, fried oysters, and gumbo. Just as flavorful and satisfying as the original.
No matter what Boiling Crab & Hot and Juicy will always be compared to each other! Their menus & concepts are practically identical yet the 2 are quite different~ 

Atmosphere: I prefer BC! The restaurant is huge with plenty of TVs and I love how you can tag up their walls ~

Service: BC wins! Their servers are always smiley & happy! I love how they put your bibs on for you~

Quality: I think it's a tie! Both places have always had fresh seafood! Yummmmmy! And they usually have the same prices~ 

Corn/Potatoes/Sausage: For some reason they taste better at BC.. they just do! 

Special Sauce: I prefer the Hot & Juicy special sauce over the whole shabang! It has a stronger deeper flavor and you can definitely taste the garlic! BC can sometimes be way too salty for me..

Overall, The Boiling Crab wins but not by that much! I still like to eat at both places ~
Was a Hot n Juicy fan at first, but then drifted over this way, and i have to say, this is the new place for me!  The atmosphere is much more comfortable and the food was great!  will totally be back!
The first BC in Vegas. But a very mediocre one if you ask me.

I have had my share of Boiling Crab all over Southern California. They have all been enticing and delicious with great service! Unfortunately, Vegas failed to meet the previous standards that I have been set and met with.

Fries were great. But of course, it's the same as everywhere else because I mean, who the heck can fail at frying fries??

The shrimps were a disappointment. They were served cold. And because it takes time to finish your food, the shrimps got even colder. Colder as if they were simulated to be back in the ocean which they came from... 

I actually haven't been here for a while and almost forgot that BC is around because I  unfortunately did not like our local BC. I guess I'll have to give Hot n Juicy a tryout to my taste buds!
Consider this review a 3.5 because I did enjoy my meal here. We tried a bit of everything when we came here with a fairly big group.

The fried catfish is hearty and they sure as hell don't skimp on portions. You could easily be full off of that alone, especially with the fries, which are pretty decent.

We decided to order some shrimp as well as crawfish because we knew how frustrating peeling away those crawfish all night could be. When it comes to seasoning your crustaceans, I highly recommend "the whole shebang", which is a mixture of all their seasonings thrown together. I found the sauce absolutely delectable and was practically slurping it up off of my side of the table. The crawfish are...well...crawfish, which means that they can be difficult to peel apart for that tasty meat. It helped that I had my dexterous girlfriend with me who helped peel much of the critters for me. The shrimp were juicy and easy to eat but I definitely preferred the flavor of the crawfish. Try squeezing some lime in there for added flavor.

I walked away from the meal feeling rather full and bloated and licking the sauce off my fingers. It's good food but I just can't bring myself to give them the 4 star rating. Something is missing-- maybe it's just that hint of authenticity that you look for in real cajun cooking. But at the end of the day, I do endorse this franchise as worthy of your business. Eating here is a lot more fun than going to TGIF's or Applebee's and you'll want to come back and repeat the experience soon.
This place is spacious, and parking is not an issue compared to Hot & Juicy. This place could of get 5stars but sometimes the service sucks. After getting my food not once did we see our server except for the fact that it was time to pay. No refills, or hows the food?
With so many of these joints opening up around the valley, it is getting down to the minute details and preference. After hearing so many rave reviews from friends, I had to experience it for myself.

Originally, my group was suppose to be larger, but a few backed out last minute. As with most restaurants, they prefer the whole party to be present before seating. The hostess was sweet and offered me a water while I waited and checked on my parties status a couple of times. When some friends dropped off, she sat me since the party shrank enough to not have to move any tables.

The food was on par with the other places, but the prices were cheaper. Most of the items are comparable, but the crawfish were dirt cheap. We got 2lbs for $12. I normally don't order them because the meat to shell ratio tends to leave little reward for cost, but at this price it didn't matter.
I've been here a few times now, just forgot to write a review.

Service is pretty good, you will be helped by multiple people, not just one.  I did have to ask for refills, but that is partially my fault for ordering XXX and drinking like a fish lol.

If you have never eaten at a place like this, the atmosphere is kind of disturbing.  When you walk in, all the tables are covered with scratch paper like they used to do for us in art class when we were 5yrs old.  Everywhere you see, people eating an unimaginable amount of seafood in plastic bags.  And no where to put the shells, except right onto the table next to your food.  I REALLY wish they did the empty bucket thing like at Joes crab shack (not nearly as good food wise, just stating the idea) so that you could discard and keep clean.  Maybe I am pretentious.

So now that I got that outta the way, how is the food?  Must be good to still get the 5 star review lol.

The food is amazing.  The prices are fair, and the sauces are packed with flavor.  I LOVE hot food...I ordered the XXX, and I admit, this was hot.  I will keep my Thai food and others as hot as possible, but this XXX was actually a little distracting...I will order XX from now on.  We always order the "all of the above" seasoning, although it becomes a little salty towards the finish line.

The crab is very good, I have tried pretty much all the varieties, as well as the shrimp and crawfish.   I'd probably say I enjoy the shrimp the most.  I really like the corn, how they toss it in the bag with the seafood...best corn ever.  We usually order a basket of fries as well, since they are large enough to share and fill in the gaps between seafood bites.

If you are looking for good seafood, check it out!
Last winter, my friends asked me if I wanted Boiling Crab and I was shocked to think that they'd go so far for it. Apparently, while I was away for college, a location sprouted up in Vegas as I enjoyed the shrimp from its SoCal counterparts. Right, duh, I knew that.

Fast forward about eight months later, we finally put on our bibs and started peeling shrimp. Got my usual order of one pound of shrimp with the whole shabang of seasonings and XXX for the heat. Perhaps my tolerance for heat and spices went up, but the XXX seemed really tame! I also love eating the chunks of cooked garlic in between preparing my next seafood sacrifice. Their Cajun fries are seasoned well like their marine friends, and their sweet potato fries also make great accompaniments.

Considering it was a late afternoon lunch and didn't seem that busy, I thought the service was lacking a bit. It took a while to flag down the waiter for water then the bill. I've had more attentive service at busier Boiling Crabs that were practically overflowing with people. 

Overall, this is a 3.5 star review, with 3 for the service and 4 for the food.
best crawfish place in town.get the whole shabang u wont be disappointed
We had crawfish and more crawfish here. The finger dipping, sucking, crunchy experience for me and my family was an invigorating experience for me and my family. One we would love to repeat.
3.5 stars 
They did not have any fresh crawfish, only frozen but they tasted fine ! 
The crab was 15 a pound and we got the biggest one they had, but honestly, I rather just go to a buffet and eat all the crab I want.
I just love the whole sha-bang sauce!! so unhealthy but soooo good.
also loved the oysters (yum yum) and the clams.
Bf ordered the wings (cajun) which are really good but I get sick of them after about 2. 

Wish they had gloves tho like other places do, only b/c cuts on ur hand STING when u squeeze those lemons.
whole shabag Sauce is the best!!! Huge Crawfish and great crab. Similar to Hot N Juicy but much more space.. Love it !!!!!
You will not go wrong! You will get messy!!
This review is strictly about the clams. 

My family and I went and ordered 2 lbs. of fresh clams (amongst other things). IT WAS AMAZING. The clams were so fresh, juicy and PLUMP!!! and complemented by the sha-bang sauces, we definitely felt $10 a pound of these clams were a STEAL! 

I dont' recommend ordering the crab despite the fact that it's called Boiling Crab because often times, the crab smells and it's not because they're frozen, but because they die and the cooks don't even notice. 

Also, don't order the crawfish unless you've never had it before. As most people would say, crawfish meat is probably the size of your pinky and it's not worth the entire bang for your buck. 
Order a pound of clams instead. =) I'm still reminiscing how meaty they were!

A couple things about this particular location: It's a large open restaurant but they don't use their floor space very well. By the time it's 7pm, primetime for dinner, many people are standing in line and yet, the restaurant itself still has floor space to put more tables and chairs but the staff doesn't.
There's also a lot of bench-seats but they're uncomfortable =/ While these long benches deceivingly look like they could seat a lot of people, those could probably only seat 4 people max especially since you're going to be battling for elbow space as you chicken-pose to prevent the juices from splattering onto your sleeves/clothes!!
- Hot 'N' Juicy and The Boiling Crab have great cajun-sauced seafood.   
- H'n'J if you want a lively crowd in a cozy eatery that's been featured on "Man vs Food."  TBC if you need lots of elbow room and space and you want to taste Cali's take on the food (TBC is a chain out of California).
My favorite place to grub, by far! Definitely pick the Whole She-bang for your sauce, and mild-medium heat is always good. I usually get a pound of snow/king crab legs and a pound of shrimp, along with rice and buttered corn on the side. Try and pour some of the sauce on your rice, mix it with some butter from the corn and it just tastes divine. We always end up ordering so much food from here because we take the sauce home and eat it with rice the next day. Food is always great, service is fast and servers are helpful with any questions. And seeing as I've gone twice this week alone.....
So when I lived in the Bay Area, the nearest BC was an hour away, and you had to get there super early. If you didn't, or just missed the first seating, you'd be subjected to about a 1/5 - 2 hour wait. The San Jose BC workers were also mostly teenagers who liked talking to themselves as opposed to following up with what customers wanted. To avoid this, I'd end up going to similar places (Red Crawfish, Crawdaddy, making it at home etc.), but nothing really compared to that whole shebang flavor. 

This is why the Las Vegas BC is definitely a welcomed change of pace - the workers are young here too, but they are really on top of things. The dining room is also huge with 30+ flat screens showing a ton of different things - sports, cartoons, news, etc. Food is just as good without the hefty wait, and if there is a wait, the waiting area is indoors with a bunch of TVs as well. Looks like this is a popular place to have big group outings and celebrations, too. They also don't charge 25 cents for water like other BCs do.. at least for now :P
One night as I was laying in bed thinking about the great state of Maryland and its many cities and towns bordering the Atlantic water, I started to get a craving for a crab or two. So tonight my sister and I visited this place in search for a great crab. She ordered a dozen raw oysters and a bag of shrimp. I asked for a Dungeness crab and sweet potato fries. First, delicious fries!!!! My last meal on Earth will have to be a few of these fries. My crab was good but I wasn't impressed. My sister thought the oysters were too big since she prefer small-sized ones so that they don't taste and smell too overwhelming. We enjoyed the shrimp with their shabang spices. Overall, I will come back for the fries!
The Boiling Crab was a cultural experience for me. I had NEVER EVER ordered food by weight before, but I have to say....I LOVED IT! I had the Shrimp with everything sauce and it was DIVINE!! I had them make it super spicy (I like the burn :D). The place was super loud and noisy, which was perfect for the party I was there for. Service was a bit overwhelmed, but there were alot of us, and I think that would've happened regardless of where we went. I tried the crawfish, but there really wasn't much to try on there. The fried calamari was pretty bomb. Oh and expect to get dirty, VERY VERY dirty. No silverware. You have been warned.
Our first visit.  We shared two pounds of shrimp and they were tasty, hot and flavorful.  We found the Cajun fries were not hot or crispy.

The service was fine, plan on using a bunch of napkins as you have to unpeeled the shrimp,messy but fun.  Our shrimp was served minutes before the fries which was just poor management of allowing partial orders to be delivered to tables, maybe this is why the fries were past their prime.

Maybe next time we will try the crab or lobster.
This place is fantastic. Besides the fact that throwing food all over the table and writing on the window sills is acceptable behavior, the seafood is delicious and leaves you wanting more. 

When choosing a flavor for your bag of crustaseans or friends, "the whole shebang" is a must. It's a blend of lemon, garlic and cajun..YUM. Trust me, you'll never go back to one flavor once you've had that. 

When my friends and I visited, the snow crab legs were the best (I'm not a huge fan of crawfish and the shrimp was good, but boring). Even their cajun fries were fun and the wings weren't too bad either (my fiancé doesn't like shellfish very much). Oh, and you have the ability to choose your level of heat on all items. 

The service was pretty blotchy with very little attention and long wait times for assistance, however everyone was very friendly. It's definitely a great place to go with a few friends or your family for a casual meal and just get messy. I'm already considering my next trip there!
My rating might come as a surprise to some since they know I live and die for the Boiling Crab.  If I had reviewed them on my visit before this last one, I would have given them 5 stars, however they fell quite short on this last visit and unfortunately I've only become obsessed with Yelping recently.

The service was great.  We got seated right away despite it being pretty busy.  The server was attentive and nice, although they didn't bib us, to my great disappointment.  In fact, they brought out all our food before giving us bibs so then they had to bring them out and we put them on hurriedly while holding back from salivating all over the table. 

My number one complaint is the food.  I ordered shrimp and king crab legs with the Whole Shabang sauce.  It had been a while since I had eaten there but I remember the taste of the Whole Shabang sauce like it was yesterday.  The sauce from the other night was NOT the same.  It was tasteless, like the chef forgot to put salt in.  I had coat my seafood with lime juice and use the salt and pepper shaker.  The shrimp were a little overcooked and tough.  

On the bright side, the meat from the crab legs were tender and yummy but it just wasn't enjoyable because the sauce lacked flavor.  I was severely disappointed because since my friend and I had nailed down our plans the night before, I had been dreaming of that delicious stinky salty spicy flavor and it just wasn't what I had built up in my mind.  

I will have to try Hot N Juicy again and do a comparison.  Maybe it was just an off night.  I'm more than willing to go back and try again!
Came here around 6pm with a party of four to celebrate birthdays: mine and my boyfriend's dad's. I often frequent the Alhambra and Garden Groove locations in SoCal so I was pleasantly surprised when I was promptly seated on a Saturday night. 

This location is spacious with both booths and tables. Even when we left, there was only one party waiting. Last week in LA, my friends came around the same time on a week night and we easily waited an hour. Wait time is my biggest obstacle between me and my crawfish. The service was great. In LA, the servers just seem a little more frazzled. 

Last summer, I tried Hot N Juicy on my way home from Yellowstone. I was wary of the mixed reviews but had a good experience with good service. But I remember telling my best friend that Boiling Crab was better because the sauce had more garlic and more flavor. 

We ordered 2 lbs of crawfish and 1lb of clams, both mild with garlic sauce. The only thing you can order a half pound of its the shrimp. I counted about 18 clam shells which was much more than I thought we would get for 1lb. I have defaulted to mild now, which surprisingly still slightly has spice. 

Everyone I know gets the Whole Shebang seasoning but my boyfriend and I both agree that you can't discern the different flavors. To us, the flavors become muddy. I don't know why "garlic butter" is now "garlic sauce" but it's my go-to seasoning. The garlic chunks were softer at this location than the socal ones. This wasn't necessarily bad, it was just different. 

My boyfriend's dad was devouring the crawfish at a rapid rate. Seems like I picked the perfect place for us to celebrate his birthday. His mom had fun taking pictures of the restaurant, especially the hanging shark wearing a bib. She even took a bib as a souvenir. They asked me to send then the address so I'm thinking they like this place as well. 

FYI: Even though you can write on the wooden walls (good luck finding any empty space), there is a sign mentioning the $100 fine for writing on the booths, floors, off tables.
Ok, so let's just say Boiling Crab wasn't my first choice today. I had been here once before and was mildly satisfied. I mean, who charges for water?!! Even if it is just twenty five cents per cup (with refills)! Amd the flavor was "ok"   Anyways, I stopped by Cravin' Cajun, which is always my FIRST CHOICE, but they didn't have clams. I was craving clams so I suggested to my boyfriend, "Let's try Boiling Crab again, give em another shot." "Ok" he says. So we find ourselves back at BC. A mistake again. Never coming back here ever!! Watery, bland flavor in both my clams and crab. Oh, wait. They did stop charging for water, though. Maybe I'm just spoiled by Cravin' Cajuns abundance of savory flavors. Hmmmmmm...
So I am giving this place 5 stars because I gave Hot and Juicy Crawfish 4 and this was so much better. First off it's bigger and I don't feel all squished up close to people I don't know. Especially since this could get messy. The bathrooms are bigger, there is only two single at Hot and Juicy, OK and it's just weird there. 

On to the food, we liked it better. When you pick a spice it's what your getting. The spice level is spot on how my waitress described it. The clams were so delicious, they may have been the best I have had. We also got lobster, yum, cooked perfectly! My daughter loved her shrimp and the sausage. Everything was perfect and our server was super helpful and attentive!

The only negative thing I can say is when I ordered my lobster, it would have been nice to have the server actually share this information with me before hand, my lobster was a nearly 4 pound monster!! So beware of ordering and be mistaken on the price. The lobsters are huge. Still it's too good to take away a star for this. Can't wait to go back and probably still order the lobster. My husband is also driving me crazy, every time I ask him what he wants to eat he says The Boiling Crab, it used to be Hot and Juicy Crawfish.
Great eatery with great food. Mst try this place if you haven't already. I much prefer it over H&J. No long wait and much better customer service. The sauce is better and your hands don't stink for two days after eating here like H&J. Price is also better.
Great food, everyone should try the gumbo with rice.  Lots of Tv's for the guys, which was perfect!
i absolutely love boiling crab.  growing up on the beach eating crabs, this is like my dream come true kind of place.  i love seafood and i don't mind getting my hands dirty tearing apart shrimp and crab legs.   it's also way better than hot and juicy imo
Imported from SoCal...this place is huge so there are plenty of tables. It's another place to hit up around lent or when you're simply craving for some good seafood (crab legs, blue crab, mussels, crawfish, lobster, shrimps, etc.).  The food is good and just like Hot n Juicy.  They have all sorts of shellfish in different sauces and spice levels.  Their spice level is a bit spicier than HnJ though. The garlic butter lobster is slightly better at HnJ.  You get a bib and rolls of paper towels.

The interior looks more inviting and kid-friendly compared to HnJ.  So, if screaming and obnoxious kids bother you, go to HnJ.  There's a shark on the ceiling, lighthouses, nets, etc.  Service is not so consistent.  These are reasons why they earned 1 star less than HnJ.
The food is okay but service can improve, A LOT.

FOOD (first order)
1) Catfish Basket with Fries (Med heat) $10:  Best thing! The basket comes with large pieces of fried catfish.  They taste amazing, tender, and extremely moist ^_^ The fries are crisp on the outside and soft on the inside (my fave way to eat it!).  The Med seasoning is a dry season and was pretty good as it had a teeny tiny kick but you can still taste the food.

2) Gumbo with rice $6: Dont get this item.  Totally not worth it!! The gumbo was pretty bland that I had to put in a ton of Tabasco to make it taste like anything.  They barely give you any rice (please see the Service note below). 

3) 2 lb. Crawfish (She-Bang seasoning and Med heat) $10/pound:  When the bag was first placed on the table, all you see are super large crawfish soaking in a bath of liquid yumminess.  Then you grab one and is let down that there isn't even a small kick to the Med heat.  And the more you dig in, the more you notice the crawfish are smaller and smaller.  Yes i understand that it is still by weight so its not like you're getting cheated... but I want big ones and that's that!!

FOOD (2nd round of orders): 
1) Chicken Tender with Fries (XXX heat) $7:  The chicken tenders aren't anything special and the pieces are not large (but at least they weren't small lol).  Same fries except the XXX seasoning was all heat and no taste.  

2) 2 lb. Crawfish (She-Bang seasoning and XXX heat) $10/pound: So i should have explain their heat level earlier - the XXX is suppose to be the hottest one as its stated on the menu "Cant feel my mouth" and the level right above that is the Med... They need to figure out something to go in between the Med and XXX.  The XXX was indeed spicier then the Med but if you're a restaurant you should know that a hot level should still mean you maintain the taste of your food! 

There was so much cayenne/chili pepper in the dry XXX heat that you couldn't taste any of the food.  All you get is a coating of dry power that overwhelm your taste buds.  

I would like to make a point that is probably not that important but for me I feel like its something worth noting... They only give you one corn when you purchase at least 2lb. bag of crawfish. Which is fine... but where is the potato!?!? Yes I know this isnt Hot n' Juicy... but where is it!?!?!

SERVICE:
Where should I start... So our server didnt introduce himself so i'm only assuming his name is Spencer since it was on our check which may not be correct since half way through another waiter assisted us. 

He wasnt really friendly as we had to ask about pricing for everything.  I'm sorry, if I'm inquiring about pricing, wouldn't you assume i would like to be inform and you should be nice to let me know instead of me having to pull teeth????

Our waiter talked my fiance out of ordering the XXX the first time around, which is 
fine and we took it as friendly advice.  However, when we got our Med heat orders we wanted something spicier, we asked if we can get a small side of the dry XXX seasoning so we can get more kick.  We were told he cant do that but if we wanted to order something else such a side order of corn, I can get the corn in a big soaked with liquid XXX sauce... great so if I want to season my food to my liking, you're going to make me buy more... right... This annoys me the most since he was the one convincing us not to order the XXX in the first place.  

Anyway moving on... I ordered the Gumbo with Rice and I didnt get gumbo with rice.  The whole reason for going to Boiling Crab was cause I was craving rice with lots of sauce!  And what could satisfy my craving for saucey rice?? Gumbo! but nope, didnt even hit the stop.  I had to stop another waiter and tell her that I didnt get my correct order.  Instead of just bringing me a cup of rice, she takes my whole cup back to the kitchen and comes back with it...when i get my cup back, it looked like someone took 1 spoonful of rice and dumped it in.  I didnt realize rice was such an expensive item that I cant even get more than 1 spoonful.  

So after all this interaction, our waiter comes by and ask us how we were doing.  My fiance being the nice guy that he is says everything is great where I said things werent so good.  I'm pretty sure our waiter thought I was being sarcastic since my comment came after my fiance and it assume it was though "oh its awful but i'm still stuffing my face that's its obviously amazing food"... nope, I didnt say it like that or mean it like that.  He just walks off like nothing happened.  

So i'm writing this review a few hours after my visit to Boiling Crab... and in our group only three of us had their "fresh" crawfish... and now all three of us arent feel so well.  

That sums up my extremely delight experience and will never stop back in that place and any of their other locations.  EVER.
I've been wanting to try the boiling crab for so long and finally did this week. I'm from New York, and we don't have one on the east coast. This past Tuesday, I was in Vegas with my bf and parents, and decided to take a cab from Cosmo to the Boiling Crab. It was quick, only 10 minutes away. 

Once we walked in, we were immediately greeted by a waiter and the smell of spicy goodness. We were seated in a booth near the window. We ordered 2 lb crawfish, 1 lb shrimp, 1 lb clams, 1 king crab, and 1 dungeoness crab all in the medium sha-bang flavor. It was so delicious and perfectly seasoned/spiced. We also ordered the catfish, which was so worth it for $10. All the food was washed down w/ bud lights. 

After coming back to NY, I'm still thinking about how good the food was and cannot wait to go back to the west coast to have it again. Well done, boiling crab!

The only thing weird was this is a family environment and the music they were playing wasn't the most appropriate (Rihanna-Pour it up, Kendrick Lamar, etc). I didn't mind because I wasn't with any kids, but there were many tables that included families with young children.
I've been to this place... 2 or 3 times and I can't get enough of their CRAB.. and SHRIMP....Great stuff... I love getting my hands all messy and licking my fingers with all the saucy liquid in the bags.  My server, Spencer was there... GREAT guy!!  I brought my friend Emelio and he was "blown Away"....  LOVED it... we cracked ate and devoured the delicious Dugeness crab and had 2 orders of white rice with it. YUM!!   Fantastic Meal...Wonderful Service.. Clean Place.....
Best seafood spot in Vegas,  hands down!!! I personally think that Boiling Crab is blowing hot n juicy completely out of the water.

High quality seafood in a super lay back atmosphere... whats not to love!!!

I have been here many, many times and the service was always great (unlike hot n juicy), I tried everything on the menu and there is not a single item that I didnt like!

The shrimps,  clams and crawfish are bigger than hot n juicy, you get more snow crab legs in your order and I think the sauce is better, more flavorfull and complex.
Ask for extra juicy!

You get a free corn on cob with 2ibs of crawfish, I cant get enough of those sweet, spicy, chunky little creatures and their creamy delicious brains!!!

I can never decide which is my favorite between, dunjunness crab, snow or king crab. They are all awesome.

The lobster is the bomb too. So much to eat in one order, huge!!! Easily feed two persons.

I am also a big fan of their fried items: catfish, cajun fries, sweet potatoes fries even the chicken tender is a great item. I always ask for a side of sugar to put on my sweet potatoe fries... yum yum yum!!!

I came here last sunday (easter) and didnt had to wait to be seated.
My niece learned how to peal her first shrimps, awwww I am so proud, she loves crustaceans as much as her auntie!

Also I never have to ask for an ice tea refill because the staff is always on top of their game. 

Yelping about this place makes me hungry... I cant wait to come back asap!!!

PS: If you are a girl and need to get your nails done,  wait after.
If you are from LA and love eating BC but hate the minimum two hr wait then I recommend coming to this one. This place is HUGE! and they have TVs everywhere! The servers were nice an friendly. Sharing with one other person we got:
1lb Shrimp - Mild whole sha-bang
1lb Clams - Mild whole sha-bang - I prefer this over the shrimp because its easier to eat and more flavorful. 
Corn- Lemon Pepper - Super buttery
Fried Catfish with french fries. - YUM and even if you don't order the fish you should order a side of fries.
Ive also had their gumbo which I wouldn't recommend. Has a kind of asian medicine taste to it.
Overall everything was good! beats having to wait in LA
The theme to our trip seemed to be nothing but crappy service, until we went here!

Our waiter was so nice and helpful.  I liked that they tied the bibs on you, it is the little things that make a difference. Kept our glasses full, and checked in on us regularly.

We got a pound of shrimp, two orders of corn and potatoes in the Whole She Bang sauce, mild spicy, which was the way to go. As well as a bowl of gumbo with rice.  The gumbo was SO good.  Packed full with okra, shrimp and sausage. 

I have been to that other place people compare this one too. And I will say, I liked this one more. I wasn't over loaded with TVs showing sports.  And it was as if they were playing my iPod, which I loved. 

I was disappointed that they don't open until 3. We pulled up at 2, found out they weren't open but were starving, so drove through and grabbed a taco at el pollo loco next door, then wasted some time at a store then returned.

I am very excited that there are several of these around where I live in CA, and will be going to one of them out here to get my fill before my next trip to Vegas.
Boiling Crab vs Hot & Juicy ... that seems to be the debate in Las Vegas ... I've been to both and I always choose boiling crab.  If you visit here anyday other than holidays they usually seat you within 10-15 minutes.  To me, waiting for a table is the worst and at H&J the place is sooo small you are guaranteed to have to wait easily over 30 min.  I know Hot & Juicy opened another location down the street, but I've never had a reason to check it out.  Disclaimer is that the service at BC is hit or miss ... sometimes it's great and other times you wonder if you paid already because you haven't seen your server in forever.  My advice if you want some good crabs crawfish and shrimp ... don't wait ... choose boiling crab and get the whole SHA-BANG
It was simply the most flavorful food I have ever had. I had King Crab, with shebang sauce, mild with rice. 

I cannot describe how delicious  the meal was. 

However, the service was BAD. LIke comically bad. I didn't get a spork with my rice. I asked the waitress for a spoon or a fork.  She kinda rolled her eyes at me and snapped, "for what?" 

I pointed to the rice and she tossed a spork in my direction. 

Did not offer refills on our drinks and she was just generally rude. She didn't bring out the food. The bill was $31.25. I wanted to pay for it myself so I could ask for all single. She saw the two twenties in my hand and said, "I can take that up for you. Do you need change back?"

WHAT? YES! I NEED CHANGE BACK!!!

This loony broad thought I was going to leave her a 29% tip???? 

I tipped her $4.53. Because that was 15%. 

But, the food was fantastic!
Call me crazye, but I like Hot N Juicy more than Boiling Crab! We ordered the clams, shrimp, and a whole lobster. We tried The Whole Shebang sauce and it had an overly excessive amount of garlic. HUGE chunks of garlic, which was really unappetizing. Also, we felt the lobster was a bit over cooked.

The restaurant is large with A LOT of flat screen TVs, so it's good if you want to come for the big game.

Also, the service was HORRIBLE. Not just from one person, but from everybody!! We got the saucy spicy, so any logical waiter would know that we would probably need a lot of water during our meal. There was probably a period during our meal when a waiter didn't come by for 15 minutes! We literally had to stop eating because we were so thirsty and didn't have anything to drink. You will probably see me at Hot N Juicy from now on.
I decided to eat here with my gf because we wanted to see what the alternative to Hot & Juicy had to offer. But we had to wait because they don't open until 3pm, which sucks if you're part of the lunch crowd. 

They've got a much bigger, better location here. It's spacious, with lots of booth and table seating spread out. We got a booth and they put down a large sheet of butcher paper to protect the table during the meal. 

I didn't want to overeat like I always do, so we ordered a pound of shrimp - with the "all of the above" seasoning with mild spice - along with an order of corn and 2 orders of red potatoes. Since we were starving, I broke tradition and got an appetizer of the gumbo with rice. 

Gumbo was good, nothing that blew me away. Definitely get it with the rice because it's pretty soupy even with it. Good flavors, a decent amount of shrimp and sausage, but I wouldn't necessarily order it again. 

The shrimp came out with all the goodies in the bag. Corn tastes amazing after it's been soaking in there for a while. Our shrimp were hot & tasty. I think I like Hot & Juicy's seasoning mix a little more - I recall it being a bit more flavorful and savory, but this is just as good. 

I like to cut my potatoes open at the art of the meal so they can cool off a bit, then I dunk the halves into the juices at the bottom of the bag. This is extremely delicious and I recommend you do the same. 

Our server was great, made sure we were well tended to since once you start eating your hands will likely be covered in tasty juices. Unless you bitch out and wear gloves while you eat. Please don't so that; it makes you look weird. Man (or woman) up and eat it like you're supposed to.
I haven't feasted at a boiling crab in so long, and Vegas happened to have one, might as well indulge, and the Vegas location did not miss a beat. It offers the same quality and flavors as the ones in SoCal minus the long waits......and I believe the reason for that is because this has to be the largest BC I have been to, I have heard the stories of Rowland Heights having a large location, but the one in LV is quite large with a bazillion LCD TVs plastered everywhere so you don't miss anything going on in the sports world. 
Service was good, but the food came out rather slow, hmmmm, but when it did, it was fantastic. I love the whole sha bang which in my opinion is the staple of this establishment that other restaurants try to copy but seem to fail because they all can't seem to figure out the measurements and probably some other stuff lol.
My shrimp was cooked pretty well, except for probably the last 2 or so but by then I was stuffed. Also I tried the Whole Shabang sauce on some white rice, pretty damn good, I recommend you try that.
Do it over and over again, so fun and sloppy and fun! Our girls love popping the heads off the shrimp and the food is always good(and did I say sloppy!!)! Enjoy!
OMG....everything was yummy.  We had king and snow crab legs, shrimp, crawfish and cajun fries.  We ordered everything as the "whole she bang".  Quite tasty just wish there was more heat.  All of the food was cooked to perfection but the service was not great.  It took me ten minutes to get a refill on my daughters drink.  

I will definitely go back for the food and hope the service improves.
**Confession: Hot & Juicy Crawfish literally blows Boiling Crab outta the water!!! No I don't work there or own any stock in the company.***

After all of the rave reviews that I've read & heard about from friends, I decided to give the Boiling Crab a try. My first visit to Hot & Juicy was literally 2 weeks ago, so despite my typical high alcohol intake, the experience was still fresh in my mind.

Like Hot & Juicy, a friend & I also visited Boiling Crab on a Friday night. The place is pretty big, with TVs all around. STRIKE 1: It wasn't crowded (or @ full capacity) and the wait was minimal (7-10 mins). That shoulda been a sign to get in our cars & drive up the street to Hot & Juicy, but it wouldn't have been fair to leave without even walking inside, right? 

STRIKE 2: The server was ok, but he definitely wasn't as fun or friendly as any other servers I had recently encountered. I ordered shrimp & crabs @ XXX spice level, with the whole shabang (Cajun, lemon pepper, & garlic sauce). My friend ordered fried calamari & crawfish @ medium spice level w/the whole shabang. 

Anyone who knows me (or has read any of my reviews) knows that alcohol is always an important part of my meals. As usual, I had already indulged in some vino before we arrived and was hoping to keep the party going by keeping the liquor flowing. STRIKE 3: This place only sells beer. No wine! I asked if we could bring in a bottle & have them uncork it for us, but that wasn't an option either.  I'm not a big beer drinker so I think I opted for raspberry ice tea instead. I was obviously already tipsy cuz I hate iced tea! What the heck was I thinking? The goal is to continue the buzz, not kill it! Why was I even still there after 3 strikes? 3 strikes & you're out, right? Blame it on the al-al-al-al-co-alcohol! 

Anyway, food finally comes out & in my opinion, it was just ok. The shrimp didn't seem as fresh (one should not have to fight w/the fishies @ the table) as those @ Hot & Juicy and the seasoning is nowhere near as savory! My friend said the calamari was dry & the crawfish was also just ok. Don't remember what kind of crab we got, so it was obviously forgettable.

Needless to say, I was pretty disappointed and haven't decided if I would even visit any of the other locations to make a comparison. Granted, I had an amazing time @ Hot & Juicy during my initial visit, so it would be difficult for any other place to add up in comparison.

My advice is to run like the wind to Hot & Juicy Crawfish where you can get fantastic food, fabulous service, & vino to go with your meal!
I have been to Hot n Juicy so many times that I wanted to expand my horizons and finally tried Boiling Crab.

I first thought this would be a rip off HnJ type of joint. But after reading the yelpers reviews, I knew I had to try it.

1.  Parking - A lot more parking selection compared to HnJ locations!

2. Seating - Hella lot more room at this place and therefore, they are able to handle many more people, size of parties.  This is an added plus.

3.  Service - Just like HnJ, very friendly staff. The only difference i notice is that here, it seems like low down fun and being part of the fun and at HnJ, it seems to be all about the "cult" of HnJ.  Both very cool, good staff, just had a good time here

4.  Food - We had the Shrimp, Crawfish, Filet of Fish, Sausage and Corn on the Cob, Sweet Potato Fries.  All I can say is WOW.  We had guests from Atlanta and from Rome, Italy with us and they absolutely loved it.  That is saying alot in the great seafood capital of Rome and how much our guests loved this place.

5.  So Casual - I love the low down shorts and flip flop style relaxation mode of this place!

6.  Ambiance - From the multitude of TV Screens showing plenty of sports, to the wood paneled walls where you can scribble on and do your graffiti, the place hits the spot when it comes to creating the perfect ambiance to get down and dirty with some serious shellfish.

GK says this place is pretty awesome and check it out.
I have become a Creole/Cajun food lover!  My friend and I conducted our own food competition between HnJ and BC.  HnJ took the cake, but I did enjoy my meal so much here!  I ordered crab legs here and they were very good.  Not as juicy as I like, but still good.  And they were a bit tougher to crack open.  I ordered mild and that cleared my sinus since my allergies were out of control that day.  I also ordered Cajun fries, which I couldn't stop eating.  The seasoning is just right and had a nice kick.  Pricing is market price, so it fluctuates often.  They do, however charge for everything, water is .25 cents and all the sides-potatoes, corn, sauces cost extra as well.

Something that I really look for when I'm out is customer service and that was one of the down falls.  I ordered 1lb of crab legs, and while I was eating I wanted more, so I ordered more.  A worker came by and asked how we were doing.  I asked for another pound and she said ok.  Time rolls by- no legs.  Our waitress came by and I told her I ordered more and she said they were ready, but no one tagged it to my table, so they sent it back.  So I had to wait even longer, and by the time they landed on my table, everyone was done eating.  They were super friendly, though.

The restaurant is fairly large and open, which is good considering the aromas floating around.  I love places laid back places.  Plus, you eat with your hands.  They have TV's around for entertainment and scribbles on the wood panels.  On the way to the restroom I passed a beam with people I knew which put a smile on my face.  

Totally worth smelling like garlic sauce the rest of the evening.
We had heard of Hot n Juicy and decided to give it a whirl. But on a Saturday night it was about a 45min wait. Deciding that we would save the experience for another night led us to try Blooming Spot Mini Pot around the corner - that's another story and a good find too!

Always having it in the back of my mind I got into a conversation with a fellow co-worker about this crawfish crazed place. I also noticed it had two locations on Spring Mountain Rd. so they must be doing something right. He convinced me to skip the hype and go straight for the Boiling Crab. I had already visited Crab Corner so I figured it was going to be similar in style.

I call our night at the Boiling Crab, "Crustaecean Annihilation". It was great! We had a pound of crawfish and shared a dungeoness Crab - he was massive!

The place is spacious. not like its counterpart. There are plenty of televisions around the room with lots of sports, news, etc. Something's on for everyone if that's your speed. There are different styles of seating, long bench or more intimate booths. Great place for groups!

The cajun flavoring was perfect and the spice level was exactly how it was promised. You choose from various sauces served and then you choose your spice level. The crustaceans are delivered to your table in a plastic bag with it seeped in the juices and flavors you chose. You eat straight out of the bag right on the table. No plates or cutlery at this place. Feast hardcore, hands in. Start cracking and sucking away. I almost licked the bag it came in. ALMOST!

Service was a little shotty, our waitress was all over the place. But this fact simply can be overlooked as she was sweet and had good intentions for the most part.

If you shy away from eating the shellfish suckers, they even offer seafood gumbo, fried fish choices and nice sides like sweet potato fries, corn etc. It's a fun experience for all age groups. And its super casual and fairly priced.

Don't wear your Sunday best here and let them tie that bib on cause you'll need it!!
So of course we are all entitled to our own opinions, but I personally feel that this location is the best when it comes to offering the freshest crab legs and crawfish! Never has there been a time that i have eaten here and not been completely satisfied! The staff is very friendly and attentive! Catfish basket here compared to the Hot & Juicy is like night and day! And the crab legs have always been a lot better here. I would suggest this place to anybody who is in love with FRESH seafood!
Time and time again, I've seen people post Facebook and Instagram photos of destroyed shrimp shells while wearing bibs and smiles. I've heard raving reviews and excited news for the first Boiling Crab location in Las Vegas.

This made me highly skeptical. I was 100% sure that this was one of the cases in which people brought my expectations up too high and I would be disappointed in the actual product.

I. Was. Wrong. Service was quick - employees were all young, energetic, and on point. Tables were lined with wax (?) paper to avoid any mess and allow for quick cleaning. Decor was unique and beachy with lots of wood features.

I got a pound of shrimp with potatoes in medium lemon garlic sauce. The sauce is so amazing...I just can't. Upon request, they give you salt, pepper, and lime, to make your seafood taste even better! I also tasted the whole shabang sauce and corn, which was just deliciously delicious deliciousness. The sweet potato fries were crispy and fresh as well.

Water came in plastic to-go cups, which is awesome because I reuse them for smoothies at home. The atmosphere is loud and lively in the restaurant, with many large parties.

Since I'm a big fan of crawfish, I'll probably go back and try it in the very near future.
Checked this place out after doing the Bubble Run. OMG! Why wasn't I informed before a week ago about this place?! You know a place is good when people are lined up BEFORE the place opens. We got there at about 1155am on a Saturday & there was already about a dozen other people lined up to get in. 
The staff was young & friendly from the get go & very informative about what everything was on the menu & it's description. The atmosphere is a mixture of picnic tables & sports bar tvs. A nice laid back environment where you can tag up the walls. Very cool atmosphere.
The food is just as good! We got a pound of shrimp in 'the works' sauce which is a combo of 3 of their sauces. The spice of the shrimp is your selection, but apparently from the med to XXX is QUITE the jump. In addition to the shrimp we got sweet potato fries, Cajun fries (which you get a whole basket of), & fried calamari. I'd pass on the calamari as it is typically made bar food which I was pretty bummed about. Everything else was great!
With all the food we ordered & a beer the total came out to $35. You def get your monies worth at this spot. Be prepared to make a mess, it's not for the light hearted that aren't into getting dirty.
Always a pleasure to eat here. Great service.
The food was delicious. We had raw oysters. Fresh and good but one was a but old. The Alaskan King Crab legs were awesome. Didn't get spicy because our 9 and 7 year olds were sharing with us. Waitress only left one shelling tool between 3 adults. While the food was excellent, the clientele reminded me of being at work. I'm a criminal defense attorney and people were loud, drunk and profane. It felt like I was eating crab in the middle of arraignment court. Unpleasant if you have a family with small kids. I would go back but just with my husbands or rowdy friends.
Living in LA, this Boiling Crab is severely lacking compared to its other chains. The main issue is how dry the shrimp is. They don't add enough sauce. When you ask for it to be 'juicy' (their word for more sauce), it's still heavily lacking. Given how butter sauce is the LEAST expensive thing in the bag, they should NEVER skimp on it.
Overall, I had a great time! I went on a Wednesday night, so the wait time wasn't too bad.. About 15 minutes. Prices are very reasonable. I got a fried catfish basket for $10 which comes with a big basket of fries, and you can choose the level of spiciness for the fries. The catfish was very tender. This place is much bigger than Hot N Juicy, which I personally like. Overall, very casual atmosphere. If you're a lover of good quality seafood, definitely a must go.
The first time I heard about Boiling Crab was when I saw Drake Instagram a photo of one of his friends here. I love Drake so I have been wanting to try this place forever lol. Plus, I love seafood ^_^ The vibe here is super laid back. They give you these cute disposable bibs that say Boiling Crab on it before your food comes out. The service was good and their prices are really reasonable. I had the fried catfish and fried shimp with mild fries. You can customize how hot you want your fries and which seasoning you want which is pretty cool, and they do give you a lot. I was able to try some oysters for the first time at the Boiling Crab. They were delish! Looking forward to coming back, maybe to try some crab next time. Yay!!!
Yummy!  Would go again!
This experience here with my sweetheart was truly fun and different. This was our first time eating at this type of joint as there are a few different brands in Las Vegas with the same concept.

Upon walking in the hostess draws a wax paper table cover from a giant spool of paper and walks us to our table and lays it down. That right there tells me we are in for a tasty mess of a meal! That is fun and in reviewing the menu I soon learn just how messy it could get!

We each decided on getting 1 pound of shrimp each with the whole sha-bang sauce  which is all three flavors, rajun Cajun, lemon pepper and garlic sauce! It was great and spicy as well on the complete shrimp that you clean the heads and tail away from. I was not sure if I would like the experience of cleaning the shrimp myself however it was different and not as bad as I had imagined.

We also ordered fried calamari rings and seasoned fries which were simply delicious!

I added on a side of corn and potatoes to my bag and wow that was the sweetest cob of corn I have sucked off in my life! That corn was amazing sweet and juicy, I will be adding that on again in future trips!

This was a fun and messy dining experience and I was laughing at my Fiance stating that I am glad we know each other and this is not a first date! (lol)

The prices are good for what you get, the service was fantastic as well and I enjoyed that our booth had our very own plasma screen TV to enjoy.

We live close and will be back for sure as we love shrimp a lot!

I attached a few photos to give you an idea of how much of a messy fun time we had!
Boiling Crab beats any other place like Hot N Juicy etc. I love the whole sha-bang with xxx :)

There's no place else like the Boiling Crab
I have been here twice now and both times were finger licking amazing. I have been with a large group both times, so I was able to sample a number of items from the menu. Everything I tried was delicious. I highly recommend the shrimp with garlic seasoning and the fried calamari. YUM!
Be prepared to wait to be seated as this place is popular!
Not a big cajun food fan (quite possibly since I don't eat a lot of cajun food), however, this establishment is not half bad. Been there twice in the past 13 months and I have enjoyed eating there both times. Seafood is good, spices were good and the staff there are very nice. 

A few tips? 1. Do not go there on a first date; you don't want your fingers smelling fishy, do you? 2. Do not wear really nice clothes, for you have a chance of ruining them. 3. Do not keep stuff on the table; table gets messy when eating. 4. ENJOY IT!
This place is awesome. There is always a line however, the wait time is not too bad. The prices are very reasonable. I get a 1/2 lb of shrimp w/ "the wholeshebang" and it is bahm. Whether taking it to go or dining in the services is exceptional.
Well it is boiling crab after all, lol. Parking is a good amount and of course dinner lines are usually long and busy. It is the only boiling crab in las vegas so even tourist are bound to visit. I usually stuff my self with a 2 pound shrimp and 1 pound clam, good $30.00. Usually get WHOLE SHA BANG!! And mild spicy! I love spicy but rather not have the morning runs LOL! Prices here are affordable so dont be scared! LOL! Restaurant was themed for a outdoor fisherman eatery kind, so you will feel that outdoorish type LOL! Oh please bring a marker so you can write your name in the wood around except the tables of course or bars! Just make sure you dont write your gf's name with yours because one year later lol you might still see it and it can cause drama. Hmmm!! Servers a bunch of cuties especially now summer is here so everyone needs to work and make money while college is out! Ill add one last thing, make sure you wash your hands and literally scrub it hard lol. Because the smell of the sauce will stay over night, so make sure you do not go clubbing or anywhere else. This is a last destination and surely will not get you laid if it your first thoughts of a first date!!!!
I don't often eat here since it's on the other side of town. Coming from Cali, I felt that seafood in Vegas just wasn't the same here. Hot n Juicy fulfilled the craving, but when I found out that Boiling Crab was going to open in Vegas, I was super excited!
From the time you walk in, you see all the names and messages on walls and booths of all the people that have eaten there before you. My name is written on a few different spots throughout the restaurant. The servers are super nice and don't get frustrated when you keep asking for extra limes. They also tie your bib which is a cute touch. 
You gotta get the whole shabang flavoring on all your seafood!!! It's pretty much all the seasonings put together. Mmmm my mouth is watering just thinking about it. There's a ton of juice in the bag so you can dunk your seafood or your fries into it. So good!!!! Also get a side of corn an potatoes and they'll throw it right in the bag so it'll be flavored as well!!! Mmmm
So I was a little concerned about seafood spots in the middle of the desert... But I took a chance with the boiling crab. Went to the boiling crab on a Sunday evening, was told the wait was 45 minutes ended up waiting an hour. Place seemed pretty cool, lots of TVs all around. The server was friendly, nothing over the top. He explained the already pretty simple menu to us I guess because it was our first time at the boiling crab. I ordered a pound of shrimp with the full shabang I believe its called. Honestly, I was expecting lots of Old bay seasoning all over my seafood bag of goodness with my corn and potatoes. But it was just some spicy juice sauce or something. I dont know. It wasnt very flavorful honestly. I am assuming its because the juice couldnt get in to the meat of the shrimp it just covered the shells. I didnt finish it all because I was full fast off of my 2 cups of sprite I had while I waited for my food. Would I go again? Maybe if I was craving seafood with no other options. But for all of the great ratings I dont think its all that people are making it seem to be. But then again we are dealing with people that are living in Vegas with no other seafood experiences to compare it to lol besides the hot and juicy. Theres nothing like East coast VA/MD seafood!
Don't come here if you're in a hurry because it wait time is usually 30-45 min. With that being said, they food is really good and comes out fast and fresh in their own individual bags or baskets. Their policy also is that you cannot mix sauces or order something and get half in 1 sauce and half in another. I tried and they said that this wasn't possible...not sure why. While there were no complaints about the food, I do have to say that some of the employees here are a little rude. I got some attitude from the hostess when trying to see how close my name was from being called on the list...she even yanked the book violently away from me and slammed it in my face. This was completely uncalled for and has never happened at any other restaurants. Because of this I am deducting stars from my review and am unsure if I'll return.
Absolutely love the food at this place.  Can't go wrong with the whole shabang mild mix.  We always end up ordering the shrimp and corn. The king crab is also awesome. It's a great place for the whole family!
This place was one of my favor place in Vegas! But today I found a hair inside my order! I was like: mmm...just a hair, seems normal! After I took a closer look at it, and ask my friends about that! We found out that is not the kind of hair on top of our head, that makes me wanna puke right away! Now I'm still feel sick of that!!!!!
Our second time at the boiling crab. Just can't get enough of it!

It's our first time to try the American lobster. The waiter told us that the lobster is from Maine, and unlike king crab, it's fresh and never frozen. I chose the rajun cajun sauce for it, because it's lighter than the whole sha-bang and I want to have a taste. However the whole sha-bang is still the best choice for us. The lobster meat is firm, juicy, a bit sweet and nutty. There is some roe in the head, which is pretty tasty as well.
So, I've been transplanted to the Grand Canyon from Houston, Texas, and I've been looking for some great, spicy crawfish. I'm spoiled by a place back home called Hanks's. My first attempt was Hot 'n Juicy. It was very so-so, giving a flavor similar to tobacco spit. Yes, I'm not kidding. In Houston, I was used to 5 to 7 dollars/lb. for restaurant crawfish, and here in Vegas it was $10/lb, so I was at least expecting passable. Now I've discovered The Boiling Crab, And it's GREAT!  Much better than HnJ, like everyone else seems to be saying. The only reason that I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that they have really high prices. 10 dollars per pound for crawfish is almost punitive!  They were happy to increase the garlic and spice, and it really paid off! Beer selection would have been better if they had a bock, Shiner or Ziegen, prefereably. I'm sure that if Double Down saloon can get Shiner, then so can BC, right? If you're from the south, it's the only game in town! Note, if you get the spiced and cooked crawfish from Smith's, it just doesn't get it.
Nearly everything about this place is perfection. Wide open space with plenty of seats, friendly wait staff, the freshest and most well seasoned seafood I have ever tasted, reasonably priced, and free limes!

I've been to a handful of cajun seafood places before, and this is by far my favorite establishment. The food came out shockingly quick, (5-10 minutes?) and everything tasted amazing. I also loved the fact that they give you free limes and salt and pepper seasonings on the side. I've never seen this at any other establishment.

The raw oysters are the freshest and most delicious raw oysters I have ever slurped up. I didn't taste any sediment, and the oyster went down so smooth with no excessive fishy smell/taste. The shrimp was very plump, fresh, and delectable. I got it in the spiciest whole shebang sauce and it surely satisfied my seafood cravings. I almost got a spicy level below, but I'm glad I got the spiciest XXX level. If you love spicy food, and can handle nearly thai hot, but not quite there yet, or even spicier, then trust me, go for the XXX level!

The crawfish was very succulent and fresh and the sweet potato fries are a must order! these are so addicting and perfectly fried and seasoned. I'll admit, I could probably eat a whole basket by myself!

The Fried shrimp basket was not bad, but could be seasoned a bit better and battered a bit differently to make it crispier, however still tasty. The cajun fries that accompanied the shrimp in this basket again, could have been seasoned a bit better but were still tasty.

This is definitely going to be my first stop whenever I visit the west coast again! I love this place! The waitress was also very easy going and friendly about splitting our checks between 6 people!
If you prefer less grease in your seafood, this place is hands down better than Hot n Juicy. Had snow crab in garlic plain, whole shebang mild, and lemon pepper mild. It was all good. Portions aren't as large, but the quality seems better and fresher than the competition. Another high five for cleanliness and great service. Ronald was excellent!
Yes! A boiling crab in vegas!

Came here on a trip to vegas, and stopped by boiling crab to go. Don't forget to ask for salt and pepper, limes, and a paper for your table (it really helps with clean up).

Service was excellent, and the staff was nice and acommadating. And the food was excellent as always.

Gotta get my crab leg fix, the whole -bang, medium, please!
Better then Hot n Juicy hands down! There is alot more parking, and it seems bigger inside. The shrimp and snow crab legs were yummy. The cajun fries and wings were surprisingly delicious as well. A must go :)
Always fresh, delicious seafood!! I cant stop telling everyone about this place, its too good!! I was so happy to find this location, since the first time I tried them was in California. Vegas location was just as great! I recommend the whole sha-bang medium!! perfect combo for anything! and don't forget your Cajun fries!! Mhhhmmm!
I love the waiter and waitress that we have had that last few times. 

The waiter has a handlebar mustache and the waitress has purple hair at the end of her ponytail. 

They are awesome! 

And the food is perfect. 

What more is there to say?
We had such a great experience at Boiling Crab in Las Vegas, we came back twice!

It's a huge, open establishment that requires you to "get down and dirty" when you eat -- which means no utensils (unless you've ordered the gumbo), no trash buckets, bibs around your neck and no gloves.  They have plastic "finger tips" to put over your fingers, but they didn't really work for us.

Both the crawfish and snow crab legs were amazing, succulent, AND fresh.  The whole shebang sauce makes it all worthwhile!  If you don't order more than 2 pounds, you have to buy your corn, potatoes, and sausages separately.  The cajun fries were also tasty and came in a large, made to share order.  Ask for limes and salt'n'pepper -- they give you a generous amount!

The service was quick, efficient, and friendly during both of the times we dined here.  Even though it was a madhouse on Saturday during dinner, our food came out within 10 minutes!

P.S. Don't wear nice clothes if you plan to come here!
P.P.S. Wash your hands with limes and let it soak for at least 1-2 minutes if you want to get the seafood/cajun smell out of your hands!
Boiling crab is a great place to go if your a seafood lover.  The environment and the people that work there are amazing, nice and friendly.  The price isnt really expensive depending on how much you order or you can consume in one sitting. They have a variety of sauces to chose from. From non spicy to spicy. There cajun fries are amazing and its a guarantee must get.
#1 in my book for food, oysters!! Oysters here at the boiling crab deserves 10 million stars. Lol. It's ginormous!! Not quite happy with the size od the shrimps tho. Hot n juicy shrimps are way bigger. Sauce is on point. They serve more rice than HNJ, the restaurant is cleaner and more space. And I like how they put the bib on for you. Good job guys.
This is the only place i like eating at in las vegas... The food was great, the service was great, and the price was decent.. however getting here is a bit of a pain because i didn't have a car and we had to take a taxi back and forth however after you finish eating you can ask them to call you a cab and the cab would be there in like 5 min!!! great place. i wish they had this place in boston or on the east coast.
Get there early cause its supper busy- also ask for the sides to come with dinner or else u eat them before your meal!
Mmmm.. Crab...mmmm.. Clams... In the Everything Sauce! Is BOMB! 
Yes I am a fan, service was a bit everywhere, but they were great! 
Love the Tv's that are Everywhere and have Everything on! 
My little one watched Sponge Bob~! So that helped entertain her for the meal. . .
IT IS MESSY!! prepare people! It's a Mess down there! Don't wear anything nice!
You will get sauce or lime, or something on you that day/night..
I first had Boiling Crab in California. Its one of those foods you will always crave once you have it, and i was stoked to know there was on in Vegas, and i was planning to visit. YAYEAH!!!....but sadly the Vegas location didn't live up to the California locations level. IT was a dead afternoon. About 5 servers for 4 or 5 tables, but it seemed like the servers seemed to be in a not-working mode, will take forever to check back. the food was OK but not superb or addicting like when i had it over there. Seasoning was lacking. It seemed like you were eating plain boiled seafood(clams & shrimp) the fries were still delicious as always...but skip this place and drive up to HOT N JUICY. You wont be disappointed there.

Sadly Boiling Crab is out of my cravings list. Maybe when i visit LA ill be back to it.
super bomb!!
feels like the one in cali!
really love the shrimp + whole shebang flavor!!
Yet again another place that wasn't a stand out like I was hoping it would be. Was it good? Yes.  Would I go back? Yes.  Would I tell everyone it's a "must try"? No. 

The menu is small and pretty straight forward.  All the items listed as market price are written on a dry erase board at the counter, which makes sense since the prices constantly changes. Either the claims or shrimp (cant remember which) price is now a $1 more per pound which they tell you right away as you sit down at the table since the menu hasn't been updated with the price change.  No biggie.

The only down fall is there isn't a kid's menu.  Most people this isn't an issue, but it was for us.  At first I was disappointed no kid items but saw a fried shrimp baskets...problem solved.  Well...not so much.  The batter it is fried in is seasoned and gives off a spicy flavor.  I tried one and I thought it was a little spicy, nothing too bad but it can be too much for a child.  Especially if they don't do spicy.  They basket was $10 so we basically paid $10 for a basket of fries.  

I ordered a 1lbs of claims in the whole-shabang mild, hubby got shrimp in the whole-shabang medium.  After a few bites I realized mild was a little more than mild.  It was delicious but my husband tried mine and he said he couldn't tell the difference between his medium and my mild.  Either mine was more than mild or his medium was a big disappointment in the seasoning area.  Overall I would say this place is okay and we would go back, but next time without the kiddo.
I'll keep it super short, simple and sweet.
his place is huge. Good for large parties. The food is meh, quality control definately isn't happening. Crawfish are small, dirty and overcooked bone dry! So disappointing since they probably get fresh crawfish everyday! 

Sauce is all over the place, spicy, not spicy all taste the same?! Not as good as in Cali. 
Service is careless. Servers are everywhere but they're not paying attention to guests. 

Never again will I go to Boiling Crab in LV. Off to Hot N Juicy now...
What a concept.... It's addictive to say the least great flavors, fun and clean atmosphere. I wish the clams where cheaper...lots of shell weight... But again, fantastic flavors
Hands down my favorite place to eat cajun shrimp.

I know it has competitors such as Hot n' Juicy and Cravin' Cajun, but this place takes it for me. Its very spacious with a lot of seating that includes tables and booths. They have tvs everywhere which is good especially during sports season. 

The food is amazing! Well, the shrimp is anyway. I've only had the King crab here once, but me and my boyfriend soon realized we can get crab other places and have stuck with getting shrimp from there on out. We always get the whole sha-bang (mild on mine). I find the medium a little too spicy for my liking. You also have to get the cajun fries. The meal just isn't complete without the fries. Don't forget salt/pepper with lime! It takes the shrimp to a whole other level.

I love this place and will continue coming back time and time again.
I LOVE THE BOILING CRAB! IT'S AS GOOD AS EVERYONE SAYS IT IS! And I love my Las Vegas crew the best! Vegas of course, always has its own kind of spark! Super friendly, the place was chill and awesome, and the best was shucking on crawfish. This place has too many good reviews already, so I'll just make mine short.

GO THERE AND TREAT YOUR HUNGER! Cause you will not regret it!
I've come back here several times and service is a lot better. Expectations are also set on certain food items. Food is still delicious and the size of the shrimp have gotten a lot better I like this place far better than Hot n Juicy.
Compared with the other Cajun seafood places in town: Cravin Cajun and Hot n Juicy, this place is mediocre. The sauce doesn't compare to Hot n Juicy, and the menu selection doesn't compare to Cravin Cajun. The place has an uncomfortable feel; it's like a big open warehouse but nicer. No paper towels in the bathroom; how are you supposed to clean up messes? The staff was friendly, but that doesn't make up for the fact they tell you they are charging you for a full pound of crab and that you will only get .9. They have an eclectic array of beer cans when you walk in, but don't be mislead, they don't have any of them. I won't be returning, and I would suggest Cravin Cajun or Hot n Juicy any day.
snow crab with the whole shabang extra spicy so yummy
I'm a huge boiling crab fan but this place really sucks. 

ALL shrimps & crawfish where old, the whole sha-bang sauce was awful. I only had one shrimp then I changed the older & got fresh shrimps but the sauce was still discussing couldn't eat it. 

The waiter brought the manager to us & he said "the sauce taste different than California" & they took back the food. Only paid for the sweet potatoes fries that where very good.
I love Boiling Crab. The family goes almost every week to location in Alhambra on Main St. This location is very large in comparison but also has more people. My problem with this visit was our server. The Boiling Crab work ethic from California has not trickled over to this location. The staff in Alhambra is always very attentive and your cup never stays empty for longer than 30 seconds. I had at least 8 people go by without asking. Plus each server seems to only care for their area instead everyone is for everyone. Also, our server did not ask if we wanted anything else. She just brought us the bill before we were even finished eating. I don't like the feeling of getting rushed through my meal. 

Like other BCs this location could have a line out the door with a 2 hour wait if they gave their customers a little more attention. 

Time for service training from corporate.
I love shrimp! If i have a good 10 - 15 bucks to spend I definitely would bring some friends and get a pound of shrimp. I love it either non spicy or mild depending on what I feel and I get the "whole shabang" flavoring which is a mix of Rajun Cajun, Lemon Pepper, and Garlic Sauce.

Today however, i wasn't feeling up to a pound of shrimp. As I am a fan of their Cajun fries as well, i decided to order their Fried Shrimp Basket. There was a basket of their tasty tasty cajun fries topped with fried shrimp, unfortunately 10, but perhaps you may request more by paying more? Will definitely ask next time. The Fried shrimp was just really good. I requested a mild spice on the shrimp and it was just perfect. I think i just found my favorite order here! lol

Once you walk in, you see a bunch of tables, to your left and right there's a waiting area, when you look further to the windows there are a nice amount of TV's and booths all along the windows about a step high. The furniture and the whole atmosphere kind of gives off a sense of what you think you may see inside a bar/lounge. Well that's how it would be for me at least.

Our waitress was nice, she checked up on us a couple of times, our group arrived at two different times and she came each time someone of our group arrived and got them their drinks. Unfortunately she left while we were just about to finish eating and we left the tip for him instead. But he was nice as well. But feel the tip should be the first waitress.

The shrimp is good, but a bit pricey. It's a place to go to hang out with friends, or to go out with friends one night to have some good shrimp. Good experience!
1.5 lbs of Shrimp + Whole Shebang Sauce = Mouth-watering orgasm goodness! I've probably only eaten here three times because all of the other times, I take my goodie foodie home with me so I can make a big mess at home instead lol :) Plus I don't want to pay extra for rice when I can make the ish at home.

I always get the mild whole shebang sauce for the shrimp, and there is not one time where I was disappointed. Flavor has always been consistent. Their service is not always consistent though. Yes, they bring out the food almost right away (probably within 10minutes after ordering). No, the servers are not always on top of things. Yes, I understand that they have a lot of other customers but on the days that they aren't busy I don't see why they would have to disappear on my family & I? Sometimes it would take awhile for them to refill our waters or whatever other drink we ordered. So that's the disappointing part. 

Bathrooms are clean, and the place is pretty clean :)

Definitely will take my out-of-state peeps who haven't experienced this seafood heaven here to rape their taste buds!
After going to Hot'n'spicy Crawfish, I wanted to give this other seafood chain a shot.  I ordered crawfish just like I did at Hot'n'Spicy.  I was flabbergasted to find these little pip-squeaks with tiny, itty-bitty tails with what appeared 1 or 1.5 cm of meat.  WTF?  The crawfish at Hot'n'spicy had at least 5 or 6 cm of meat.  The waiter said they were out-of-season.  Why sell them then?  I was blown away.  I thought I was in the twilight zone.  I would have given this place one star, but the waiter let me sub shrimp.  The shrimp was okay but there wasn't much sauce for dipping.  When I had the Hot'n'spicy Crawfish, the bag was filled with a thick, brothy sauce that I literally just ate like a soup, and it was mind-blowing.  The layout was better than Hot'n'spicy which is too cramped but there was a fly buzzing around which made it feel gross along with the stupid grafitti they allow you to put up all over the place.
Any boiling crab is great. Im from los angeles and i do see some differences between the boiling crab there and here..

1. in LA, you will wait a minimum of 1 hour to get a seat, i didn't wait at all for a seat here. that was refreshing

2. the sauce tastes different here then in does in la (the whole shebang) 

3. they do not have muscles here, just clams.. 


The boiling crab is an amazing restaurant if you want that Vietnamese/cajun infusion of seafood.. 

get ready to get messy, everything is eaten by hand, there are no utensils.. ladies put your rings and jewelry away.. expect to have a mess when your done.. your hands will also smell like seafood for the rest of the day.. some people choose to wear gloves.. not a bad idea..

try it, you wont be disappointed
Whatever location of Boiling Crab you go to just expect good quality food. This is one of the best locations they have because of how big the location is and they can seat more people at the same time. 

Whenever I come here I tend to order shrimp and sometimes clams with the whole shabang sauce ! THE WHOLE SHABANG is the best sause they have! The service here is excellent and they will not disappoint.
Always love coming to boiling crab!

I never get disappointed, the staff are always friendly, always helpful with the menu, and the food is always good.

Don't forget to ask for pepper/salt/like option with your order.
pretty good.  I got a couple things, but I can't remember because it wasn't that memorable.  I would give a higher rating, but everytime I come here they seem to be out of something that I'm craving for.  Other than that, a good place to get your hands dirty, I don't recommend it on a first date though.
Not sure if you want to eat here or that other place?  Eat here.  Not only do I think the quality is better but the sauces are like crack.  Only more addictive.  The whole shabang or the garlic is the way to go imo. And make sure you get some potatoes to soak up the sauce!  This was supposed to be just a "tip" but I wanted to give 5 stars.  Oh yes and our waitress was on it too. Great food great service What more can you ask for? Go
tried this place a few years back in garden grove OC california.  they had two locations in the same shopping center - a sit-in restaurant and a to-go.  even though my taste buds were kinda shot from having a cold, i was instantly hooked.  

i visited this location last september with my husband, child and a couple of friends who at the time just moved here.  we had to wait, but not very long.. less than half hr.  

restaurant was pretty clean.  server was nice and friendly.  

i ordered myself what i now consider my usual, which is a pound of shrimp seasoned with the whole shabang. so fricken delicious!  i got chicken strips and fries for my little one. i forgot what my friends and hubby ordered.  everyone left happy. 

the only thing i hate about the whole idea is having to peel the shrimp and getting dirty.  i always think long about it before suggesting we go there 'cause it's pretty hard with a toddler who wants to run around while it's time to eat and chasing him with dirty hands.  i love the boiling crab. it's so worth it.

*bring a sharpie if you want to write on their walls!
I really love crab so I was looking forward to eat a TON of it when some fellow Yelpers suggested The Boiling Crab for dinner. 
I like the casual set up of the restaurant. Very welcoming for large groups.
The staff was enthusiastic and helpful for those of us first timers. 
Prices were reasonable for all the food that was brought out. 
The crab in a bag idea seems like a good one, but for me it was too messy. My hands were so greasy and buttery that I could hardly crack my crab. I understand seafood requires a bit more work and possible mess, but having to reach into a bag of buttery/garlicy crab legs was too much. Even though others in my party were messy, it just made me feel awkward. 
I think a great place to try, but I would rather have my food served on a plate, than in a bag...
the food and service was exceptional, we came back twice! 

shrimp, clams, snow and king crab were delicious and fresh! calamari strips and Cajun French fries were also winners! we especially liked the whole sha-bang - combination of all the seasonings. 

it is MESSY but hands down, worth the wait for tables as they do not take reservations. great customer service and very attentive apologizing when a homeless person decided to 'entertain' us through the window. this is definitely on our 'must go' to places while in vegas.
Definitely a fun entertaining place and don't be afraid to throw shells on the table and get dirty! Glad I had the experience! 
That being said however the food was just average. Love Cajun shrimp! So we ordered Cajun shrimp and catfish to share. The shrimp was good but once take the shells off had to dip in the bag for more flavor. Need a bowl to soak the flavor in after you peel... Peeling was easy but rather enjoy my Cajun shrimp on a plate. The catfish was good but too greasy and mushy on the inside.... I think that's what made me sick!
Would have loved to try crab but it looked like way too much work! Oh and I even got shrimp guts squirted at me from across the table! Be sure to wear your bib! Maybe a raincoat!
I have become more popular, my hairline is better, my eyebrows thread themselves, women look at me in that.. "special way," butter spreads more evenly on my toast, the hole in the ozone was restored, a koala laid seven eggs in my backyard (three more than usual), Josh Peck got fat again. All this happened since my first meal at Boiling Crab. Coincidence? I think not!
I just don't like when it's a party of 6, two are my kids who are just 3 &  2 years old.  We get the bill and there's gratuity for a the large party!  Wtf?
Aww my first Yelp review posted straight from the app. Let me make it a good one, at least I'll try.

I know this is called Boiling Crab but I'm not a fan of any crab that's been boiled so I'm probably not gonna try them. Now if BC had them steamed or grilled? I'd be all for it, something to ask about next time.

So a pound of shrimp is what I went with, all sauced up in the whole shebang with a side of sweet potato fries to soak up whatever sauce not on the shrimp. They were nicely sized and very delicious, add lime,some extra salt and pepper, and while you're at it more hot sauce. My mouth is watering right now. I usually don't like it when food is hot to touch and in a plastic bag but what's wrong with a little hint of plastic in your food once in a while. You can also go with other item like oysters which are raw, snow or blue crab which are boiled, fried shrimp which BC won't soak in sauce for you, etc and they're all at market priced I believe. You can also add potatoes and corn on the cob, yum. It smelt so good too. 

One pound of seafood is plenty though I probably could've done another pound if I didn't drink so much, BC serves alcohol best thing to drink with spicy food. And it gets messy so don't wear nice clothes unless you're female, we like it when you dress nice but hate it when you complain about those sauce stains. Wear something nice that you wouldn't mind getting stains on.

The interior is pretty spacious and can easily accommodate larger parties. It has a beach, fishing, crabbing theme with many TV to watch a game, a large fan circling the ceiling, and if you really wanted to write on some of the walls and tables. Service is good but watch out for that auto-gratuity, I think it's on parties of 6 or more.

I am a big fan and want to go ASAP.

Aww damn it the app doesn't let you add reviews to lists.
If you like shrimp and crab and good vibes this is a place to go! The shrimp is awesome and their fries are really spicy in a good way!
The food is good. But the service is suck compare to before. We ordered for 8 people and they only give us 2 set of tools for two lobster 6 crabs! I relied to ask for more tools but they ignore us for 10 minutes! We finally has to go to the counter by ourselves. In the end when we pay. They made the bill wrong for twice ! Really need to improve their service.
I'm giving this place 2 stars because, I didn't like the mess.  The food was okay, but I didn't like how interactive it was.  Maybe I'm spoiled, but I would rather have my meal come out ready to eat.  I felt like a bomb tech trying to separate the peel and eat shrimp.  And, then having the juices all over your hand afterwards, ugh!  I was afraid I was going to touch my eyes for some reason.  The fried catfish was decent, I liked it, but Michele got sick from it.  So, that's another reason I'm giving it 2 stars.  Changed the whole night for us.

I figured that this was a good experience to have.  Trying something new is always a plus.  Would I go back? Maybe, but I think I would try something else from the menu.
I've not been back to one of these kinds of places for a couple years since getting heartburn from the combination sauce. Knowing the garlic gets to me, I knew what to stay away from. 

I ordered the shrimp (currently 11.99 lb) in Cajun medium. Don't let the medium fool you, it's spicy, and really good. IMO the crawfish is too much work for little meat. 

The gumbo without rice was tasty and filling. 

Chicken wings were straight forward and were pretty large in size. 

The oysters were from the gulf and they were the big ones... and is was fishy to me. Not a fan. 

I would definitely come back and like another Yelper tipped, it's awesome and convenient take out.
I like The Boiling Crab. In fact I like it a lot. I love the simplicity & the messiness of the restaurant. Paper/ plastic on the table, a plastic bib to go around your neck, your food brought out in a plastic bag! PERFECT!! 

The seasoning was just right. I ordered  2lbs of snow crab legs, at $16lb which is basically two clusters (arms on the crab).. A pound of shrimp at $11.99lb, an order of Calamari ($10), and an order of clams ($10).. 

This isn't your formal style of restaurant, this is a place to come in & get your hands dirty, no forks or spoons, just dig in & go for yours. Wasn't crowded the night I went but I could see this place drawing a nice crowd. I'd definitely recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for crab legs or shrimp. I'll return in a few days to try some other menu items.
I have had lunch there on more than one occasion...Love This Place!  Shrimp is ALWAYS fresh and large!  Sorry Hot n Juicy they have got it all over you!  Love the decor, writing on the walls!  Lots of TV's for sports viewing!  A must try and I will return!
A good restaurant that won't disappoint. You can never go wrong with a pound bag of shrimp with the whole shabang sauce!

The best part of this location? The wait, as in there is no wait! If you go to a location in sj or SoCal, the wait can get pretty long. I've had to wait up to 2 hours before! Come here and you'll most likely get a seat immediately! 

If you don't feel like getting your hands messy, definitely get the catfish with Cajun fries! Honestly, the fries are one of my favorite parts here :)
Having a Boiling Crab just down the way from my home in CA, I can definitely attest that this place blows Cali's completely out of the water!!!!! No pun intended on the water reference.

Stumbled upon B/C just a day or so ago while vacationing in Vegas and I darn near cut everyone on Flamingo off to swerve across lanes *(yes that was me guys - it was my stomach doing the driving - I'm sorry)...

I was completely taken back upon walking in and seeing that there was NO WAIT. Are you kidding me??? This would NEVER happen in Cali'!!!

The service and food were both amazing (although the restroom could've used a bit of attention). The cherry on top would be the fact that I didn't leave or wake up the following day w/ a stomach ache!

Yaaaz!!!

Las Vegas - Boiling Crab, you have OFFICIALLY exceeded my expectations!!!!!
Boooooomb! Great place to eat. Great experience and food is the whole shabang! Love the raw oysters, Cajun fries, fried oysters, Calamari, corn, potatoes, clams, crabs, shrimp, everything! I've never ordered anything that I haven't liked. I especially love that the raw oysters are fresh and compliment well with their special sauce. I most def go here at least 2-3 a month.
Bang Bang Bang!!!!! Shaaaaaaabang! LoL. This is how I like my boiling crab! The whole Sha-Bang with a medium spice level. Sweet baby Jesus. This is so addicting!

I am from Los Angeles and we have one on Wilshire Blvd. The wait is always 2 hours or more. Here in Vegas, "Would you like a table or booth" immediately! I eat here literally 3-4 times a month. This is some damn good stuff! The messiness, the flavors having a party on my beloved taste buds. Is this a dream????

The Good:
-Everything!
-Fast service unless you order crab (But who wants undercooked crab? )
-Originality 
-Great priced brews
-Lots and lots of TV's for the games

The Bad:
-Not one thing! 

I always order either the King Crab or Shrimp with half a pound of sausage, 2 corn on the cobs, a side of white rice, and Cajun fries (Medium). This place never fails! If you like spicy like I do, go for the XXX. I'll admit that the spice dominates the actual flavor of the food so it's better to go medium and actually enjoy your meal. This is my favorite restaurant and not too many people in Vegas know about it. I've turned numerous co-workers into lovers now! Trust me when I say you will not go wrong here. This place is EPIC!
You can't beat cheap spicy seafood in a bag! Always my GO-TO spot whenever I hit up SF and Vegas.


Location- Easy to find same area as food for less (cheap cheap food) and tons of parking out front. Love that this location never has a wait and there's always a table ready for us every time I come here...unlike San Jose's location where you always have an hour or more of a wait time.

Ambiance- It feels like a fisherman's wharf kinda feel to it where the ocean is right out on deck in front. Love the nets, fake crab and ocean decor they have going on all throughout the restaurant. I like that the bathroom never has that nasty feel to it nor does the restaurant have the fishy, ocean smell to it...which says a lot because the place is a seafood restaurant. And I love that the menu is so easy to read and self-explanable for 1st timers.

Food-It's all about the "XXX WHOLE SHA-BANG" Basically all the flavors they offer in one from lemon-pepper, Cajun, garlic and butter. You can also choose your spiciness level from xxx, medium, mild and non-spicy...I like the xxx the best because it's super spicy and perfect with all that high calorie goodness sauce...I always ask for extra lime to squeeze inside of my shrimp and corn bag and on top of my rice. The salt and pepper container should also be used for your dipping. I usually always get a pound of shrimp for $8.99/lb. I've also tried their craw fish and crab legs but the shrimp is still my favorite seafood of choice when eating here. Other yummy food items are their raw oysters with the sauce they give..and they are big oysters and it's fresh! The spicy Cajun wings are really juicy, spicy, full of flavor and has tons of meat in them...it's not overly fried nor is it too oily, everyone that has eaten that has loved it. My boyfriend and his friends loved their gumbo for it's flavor and fillingness it gave them.
First time here lets see how good it is.
Great food at a great price.
My mom personally loves their sauces, because at other places, mild is still to spicy for her, but here it's just right for her. And it's still great for spice lovers like myself.
The gumbo had no flavor and the Cajun fries were undercooked.
Ordered 4 pounds of shrimp for my family of four....ended up getting 3 pounds on the receipt but it was too late when I arrived home. WTF. Also had to repeat my order twice -___- .  Order#133354
Tasty king crab in VEGAS! woot! sha bang sauce is a must! mild if your not use to spice and sweat!
Love boiling crab!! I'm so blessed to have one here in Vegas..the whole shabang sauce is awesome on everything
This place is HUGE! I think they said its the biggest BC space ever. The ceiling fan is gigantic and a trip. Seriously.

The menus look very different than other locations but variety is the same.

Whole shebang at XXX spicy. Shrimp was good. Corn was good. Sweet potato fries were good. The dungeness crab we got was gigantic and slightly overcooked (but not as bad as other another time in another location).


Large lot, plenty of tables and space. Bathrooms could use some more stalls though.
In comparison to Hot N Juicy (which is right down the street..), I prefer Boiling Crab, but by just a fraction. Both have the same concept, which is totally genius! Who doesn't like to be able to make a mess and not having to clean it up?! They give you a bib to tie on, order your food by the pound all at market price, your food comes out in bags, then you just crack away! The whole table is covered by a large trash bag or scrap paper, so its a fairly easy clean up. I gotta tell ya.. when I go with my friends, it is on! When all is said and done, I look on the table and give a moment of silence to all the crawfishes and crabs that have fallen to serve us. I like the location and venue at Boiling Crab better, it's a way bigger space and gives me room and air to breathe. Don't get it wrong, your still going to be walking out smelling like garlic and fish. Lots of TVs spread out through the restaurant, perfect if you want to eat and watch a game for like MNF or something.

This is a normal order for me.. 2 pounds crawfish - whole shabang, medium (my tolerance for spicy food is pretty low..), 2 pounds snow crab legs - whole shabang medium, calamari & 1/2 pound of sausages. That is ALL for me! Ask your waiter or waitress for some lime to go with, mmm so good!

Oh.. don't forget to bring some bright colorful sharpies!! ;)
I love boiling crab. I really do. So when I heard they had a Vegas location I definitely had to hit it up. We got seated immediately on a Sunday night. Yes. Immediately. Such a change from the Cali locations and long waits. Our order was taken quickly and the staff was friendly. Whole shebang yet again. Quality seems pretty in line with Cali. It was great!! Nice to have one in Vegas as I do prefer tier sauce over hot n juicy. First timers just a heads up, their sauce (whole shebang)  is much more spicier than hot n juicy. Even if you order mild. There is still quite a kick so if I were you I would order the single flavorings instead. But I love me some spice!
Nice to be in Vegas and have a place to get great food and not be on the strip. I didn't know the BC was a chain. OMG!!  So good. Great place for dinner. Go and enjoy!
This is one of my favorite places to eat when I come to Vegas. Now that I live in Vegas this WILL be a weekly spot.
Delicious seafood. Server was attentive. They need to have claw crackers it was difficult for my party to open the seafood & they don't slice the legs open for uou
OC location is better but Vegas hits the spot.
First off, I love the iconic walls inside The Boiling Crab, where guests are invited to write and draw whatever they want during their visit. The food is also delicious... same concept as Hot n' Juicy, where you choose your flavor, spice level, then seafood of choice plus add-ons -- then feast on the table with cute plastic bibs and get messy! I usually get the whole shabang flavor with a pound of shrimp, with a few corn on the cobs (which is a must!) Never disappoints. We also ordered the king crabs... a little pricy, but a lot of meat.

I've been here a few times before, and usually I have no complaints. But my recent visit definitely left me with a few qualms. First of all, our waitress was just overall impatient. Yes, it was busy, but nonetheless, impatient. We made a few requests, such as an extra bottle of ketchup (which seemed to annoy her), for vinegar to eat with the crab legs (which seemed to annoy her more) that they didn't carry anyway... then when I received my drink, which I ordered an unsweetened ice tea, I had to ask for sweetener which took forever to arrive. I added two packets of sweet and low, only to find my tea was already a sweetened raspberry tea. When I brought this to her attention, her annoyance level went through the roof. No apology or anything. At this point, we were already getting uncomfortable. After that, her service became minimal -- to where she didn't check up on us or give us refills, unless we flagged her down. The food was amazing, but I haven't had service that bad in a while. Considering this was also my birthday dinner too, it was quite a disappointment. 

Like I said, the food is great... maybe you'll get lucky and not get the same server as we did. Wish I had caught her name, but I think I'll try going to Hot n' Juicy more just to get better service next time.
We were in Vegas last weekend and one of our local friends suggested we leave the Strip and head to The Boiling Crab...best decision we made all weekend! This place is so damn delicious AND affordable! Here's how it works:

1. Choose your protein. You can order in 1/2 or 1 pound increments. We ordered 2 pounds snow crab and 1/2 pound shrimp. They were out of sausage so unfortunately we didn't get to try any. 

2. Pick your flavor. We chose "The Whole Sha-bang!" which is a combination of their other three sauces, Rajun Cajun, Lemon Pepper, and Garlic. 

3. Choose spice level. We went with mild and it was still spicy for me. 

4. Choose extras. They serve a bunch of fried food but we didn't order any. We did add potatoes, corn, and a side of garlic sauce to our order though. 

5. Eat until you can eat no more. All of the food comes out in giant plastic bags filled with the sauce, garlic cloves, and any extras you added. The seafood is piping hot and fresh! The shrimp are whole and still have the heads on but they are oh so delicious.

6. Pay ridiculously low bill. I don't know how but this place is so affordable! Our bill came out to $41 (for the order listed above). Amazing. 

This place blows Joe's Crab Shack out of the water. Lucky for us we live in California and there are THREE Boiling Crab restaurants within 20 minutes of our house. We went again two days after getting back from Vegas.
I will come here again. The ones in Cali are usually over an hour wait. Sometimes 2 hours.
 This place was busy, but no wait. That's what makes this place the best around. Hopefully when I come back I won't have to wait an hour. 
Only default, needs more garlic. But no wait makes up for that.
The last time I went to Boiling Crab was in LA and the wait was over an hour long.  So, I was delighted when we got to sit at a table right away.  "The whole sha-bang" buttery garlic heaven.  The only flavor on the menu.  They list other flavors, but I don't think anyone with working taste buds and brain would order anything else.  Shrimp, snow crab, sausage, corn, cajun fries, and fried calamari.  All freaking delicous.  Yes, eating is messy.  All table manners goes out the window, once you bite into your first shrimp or crawfish.  Totally worth going outside of the strip here.  Just don't wear a white t shirt!!
Amazing food, fun atmosphere. I visit Vegas often and each visit I make sure to eat at Boiling  Crab. I enjoy their gumbo, shrimp, sausage, cajun fries, sweet potato fries, chicken wings, crab and shrimp.  Their sauces are tasty and always good quality.  I recommend Boiling Crab to anyone visiting California or Vegas. You will not be disappointed.
I went to the Boiling Crab on New Years Eve, Service was Great and the Food was Good!I
Great substitute to Hot & Juicy and just around the corner. Much larger building and hardly ever a wait. Basically the same menu but I feel the quality of their crab was better. Do not take someone that doesn't like seafood they will be miserable period. I go here at least one time on every visit to Vegas.
This place was really good everything I tried was tasty, great service, very friendly!!! A must go try.
I came here on Friday and holy!! What an experience!! It's the first time I've had anything like this.  

The place was huge and we had a ten minute wait.  It felt so lively. 
A friend of mine told me I was about to get messy with my food.  Which honestly, didn't seem fun....;  But little did I know...

Food - It was delicious. So I had to eat with my hands and get the sauce all over them.  A little weird at first but I got over it once I tasted the sauce.  The shrimp was wonderful.  I also had the fried catfish with fries which was scrumptious.  

Atmosphere - Very lively.  Also they had TVs everywhere so I may come by for the games every once in a while.

Service - Our server David was very sweet and attentive.  He knew it was my first time so he explained how the menu worked and guided me through out.  He's also very cute and charming.  You can say I have a little crush on him

Price - Seems very affordable.  I recently went to Hot N Juicy, which is pretty much the same style restaurant and their prices are a tad bit higher.  

If I had to pick between Boiling Crab and Hot N Juicy.  I'd pick Boiling Crab in a heart beat.  

5 Stars - Will be back!!!
I come here often and it gets so busy!! I always order the same thing which is rice. shrimp, and fries. All of their food is good!! Even if they're always busy, the workers pay attention to you and make sure you are doing okay. I will always come back in the future.
Been here a couple of times and it's about as authentic as a seafood house as I've been to.  The seasonsing for the food is on point and the atmosphere is pretty cool.  It's a lot more fun to eat here with a big group of people, but I guess it's pretty cool for date night too.  

The only downfall about this place is there is NO DESSERT!  Gotta have dessert in a place like this IMO.  But overall, the best place for cajun seafood in Vegas that's off the Strip.
Damn this place gets me every time the crab is so good that I had to order more the best part is that you can eat with your bare hands like a real cave man lol I recommend anyone who has not been to a boiling crab before you must try the have a lot to choose from on the menu it's not all About crab but for me it is can't wait to go back are waitress an busser mad me want to spend more money great costumer service! Try the lobster bomb aka La Bomba:)
its was good. the peeps were nice.
Very good service very helpful even with the huge selection !!
WOW came here on a fri night 2/14/14 and immediately upon arrival we were given a 15 min wait, with a no seat guarantee, because they close at 10. We arrive at 930. Plenty of open table and since our wait time was almost to closing, the hostess said we can wait 15 mins but if the clock hits 10 then we were not able to sit, who wants to take a gamble with a "seat" point is we got there at 930 and if we had to wait 15 mins so what if we are seated near your closing. Bad way to lose customers!
Do I ask for a bib, no I do not.

It's not truly a Cajun cookout without some butter in the cleavage. This place is closest I'll probably ever get to a seafood boil.
I love seafood and I don't mind gettin my hands filthy with spices and butter. And here they are generous with both.

The shrimp are my favorite, but you can get clams, oysters, crablegs, of course crawfish,  and whatever seasonal seafood they've got. You can pick a sauce. I like the whole shebang but the garlic and hot are also good.

Go here before you decide to go to Red Lobster or God forbid, Joe's Crap (that glorious typo stays) Shack. 

The food here is tasty and the atmosphere is chill. I like coming here.
my girlfriend and i always come here for shrimps, gumbo, and their cajun fries!!!!! yummmmmm yummmm! with SHABANG sauce!!! always get good service and the staff are always nice and alert!
Oh this one of my favorite places to get down and dirty! All I can say is try the "whole shabang" seasoning on everything! I love the clams and shrimp (had to get used to take the head off). But other than that no complaints. Also get a side of corn and the Cajun fries are soooo deelish.
Soggy corn and watery butter.  If I had to choose Red Lobster or The boiling Crab Id take Red Lobster any day.  (As ghetto as that may sound.)
The wait back in California, such as its Alhambra, Ktown, or Garden Grove locations can be expected to be about two hours. Over here, it seems like a little known gem since I only waited at most ten minutes! Plus, there were empty tables that I passed on the way to my table, meaning that they just purposely make you wait a little. Probably because everyone wants to be hipster and eat on the Strip. But that's expensive--why fork over your winnings from Vegas there when you can get more for your money here.

It is kind of hard to find this place since they don't even have their name on the main plaza sign. But it's not like they need it anyways due to the hype. Take the waitress's offer and have her tie on the bib for you, you're gonna need it. Definitely get Whole Shabang sauce with the cajun fries, which are perfectly crispy. I actually expected the sauce to be a thicker consistency, but it's actually watery but still garlicky spicy goodness. And remember, mild here is not that spicy so spicy-lovers, go to the next level! I would say skip the gumbo, it's not that great. It's better to stick to what they're best at--seafood!
We had a date night here. This is the greatest crab restaurant!!! EVER! I has the snow crab with rajun cajun seasoning and XXX spiciness. It wasn't as spicy as I would have liked but then it would have to be atomic for that haha. I love that everything is steamed in bags. Be prepared for the shrimp, they're not peeled. We had to wait 5 minutes to get a table. The sausage was perfect! Our waitress was the best. Always stopping by to make sure we're taken care of even though she had a rush of customers. I love that they put down paper and you just go at it. We went last week and we're going again next week for my birthday. This place is better than joe's crab shack and Cravin Cajun. It was truly amazing. We will go here from now on for our crab and shrimp. they also have catfish and calamari. There are tvs everywhere. Be prepared to use A LOT of napkins. Perfect place!
You just have to love this place. If u are looking for something fancy or have a problem eating with your hands this is not the place for you.

Everything comes ala carte. They serve seafood seafood and an occasional chicken wing or sausage. 

You just have to try it once to fall in love . If you come doing rush hours expect to wait.
This place was so cool. The have like 40 TVs all over the place and the biggest ceiling fan I have ever seen it was really cool! The crab was awesome but the sauce for it was so good and made it that much better. They have different seasoning for it I would definitely say do the "all in"! I had crawfish, sweet potato fries, snow crab, and shrimp. It was all so good! My kids loved it too and service was excellent. Prices are a little higher only cause its seafood of course but food was exceptional!!!
good but crawdaddy is better this is all oil good but long wait and not as good flavor its a hype thing that people are more into service is less than decent
All I can say is WOW. I was recommended by a friend and was blown away by how amazing the food was. We had the fried oysters so good we ordered another. The king crab was to die for! I had the garlic medium and my boyfriend had the Cajun medium the was by far some of the best king crab I've ever had. I've been dreaming of it ever since...and can't wait to go back. It's kinda pricey when ordering the king crab but that's the market value and well worth it! Staff is friendly quick and we never had to wait for a thing. Definitely a must if you love seafood.
Food is always good... Service was a little lacking this time. Our waitress went on a lunch break leaving us caught in the Bermuda Triangle between servers. 

My wife and I split an order of 6 medium spicy hot wings, one king crab bag with extra sausage, corn and potatoes. Seasoned with lemon pepper.. Yummy! 3 bud lite beers = $60 (without tip).

Get there early, as this place can have a wait the later it gets. The parking lot is kooky.. Lots of zombie walkers and cars zigzagging. It's a good test for new drivers.

I shall return!
Went during lunch on Saturday. Food came out in too many phases. Corn then rice then calamari then shrimp basket. Pretty simple menu but flavorful.
I would recommend for folks on a budget but still want decent seafood
This is a shellfish and crustacean glutton's paradise! 

No utensil unless requested. No plates. Just a wooden table with a sheet of wax paper on it, a bib on your belly, a pile of lemon wedges in the middle of the table (again, no plate) and that's it. Then they bring plastic bags of hot succulent, fresh, plump, perfect craws! Lobsters too! King Crab legs! Dungeness! Shrimp! The seasoning and spice levels can be mixed and matched. I recommend The Whole Shabang at a medium spice level. Although I've been going xxx spicy lately. 

You will use your hands and you will make a mess! You will feel like a big fat dirty animal. You will feel satisfied!

Many folks add potato, sausage and corn to the bags. It's not a bad idea since the flavors mesh so wonderfully. I however do not want any precious stomach space occupied by anything other than the fresh crawfish. I definitely do not understand why someone would come here and order wings (which are actually yummy) or anything for that matter other than those beautiful bags of happiness but I suppose sometimes kids come along. Stupid kids!

The crawfish are fresh (which is rare for these parts) so I recommend them as a must- have selection. Close second goes to the King Crab legs. Eve
Not too shabby for seafood in Vegas. Very affordable, fast service, great variety.  Good spot to get your quick seafood fix. I ordered snow crab and shrimp.  Pretty fresh and not "fishy" at all. However the crab legs were kind of small compared to normal snow crabs.  I wouldn't mind giving this place another shot.
Be prepared to bring a jacket/sweater.. It is FREEZING inside! Great big space for big parties! Friendly and attentive staff! 

I've recently decided that I like Boiling Crab over Hot N Juicy.. Although I HATE the lingering garlic, spices and butter smell in your hands and mouth equally!

This place is actually not that garlicky and the smell only last for three days tops! LOL

I always eat shrimp or crab here but this night I actually tried the crawfish-- weird little creatures-- all it's goodness is in the head, then the body has the smallest amount of meat! It was good first try but I prefer my shellfishes to be shrimp or crab!

Concept : Pick how many pounds of shrimp, crawfish, crab or lobster you want to eat. Pick a spice (Rajun Cajun, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Butter and the (recommended) Whole Sha-Bang). You also get a choice of if you want to add sausages (delicious!), corn (goes great with everything) or potatoes! They cook everything up in the spices and serve it in a bag, steamed and ready to serve to a table with nothing but napkins and your drinks!

They also have good sides like rice, fries, and sweet potatoes. 

Other items for the none Cajun peeps would be wings, chicken fingers, oysters, fried oysters, or fried shrimp!

This is not my choice of food personally, but Boiling Crab does the job when the better half is craving it!
Love the crawfish!!!!! It's so amazing! Service has been great every single time! Love how chill the vibe is and the writing on the wood just makes the restaurant relaxed and fun!

Thank you boiling crab for hitting the spot every time :))
Love it!!  The whole Shebang with sausages, corn and a pound of shrimp is my favorite!!  I recommend this to all seafood lovers that like to eat seafood the way you're supposed to,  with your hands! I also Love the to go pick up window. Fast and very convenient.
Oooh, this is it...and I'm letting you know! 

After having been somewhat disappointed by one of their competitors, The Boiling Crab really stood out for me. The restaurant itself is very open with plenty of seating and while you can obviously smell the seafood, it wasn't like a punch-you-in-the-face smell you might expect. As with similar restaurants, each table is pretty basic with a disposable cover and next to nothing else. I thought it was really cool they let you write on the walls too!

With places like this, I come generally for two things only...crawfish and shrimp. I was glad to see that Boiling Crab clearly differentiates between frozen and live crawfish. There's a huge difference and for those complaining about the work to reward ratio, you just ain't doing it right! :P 

I ended up ordering 1lb of each and loved every bite of it. The crawfish were perfectly cooked and I was in body cracking, head sucking heaven. Even the shrimp were cooked as close to perfect as you can get. They have a couple seasoning choices and if you can't decide what you want, they'll throw it all together for what they call the "Whole Shaw-bang". I opted for that on the crawfish and although I didn't taste much of the lemon pepper, it was delicious. For the shrimp, I ordered it with the "Cajun" seasoning, which is spectacular! Both were super flavorful and with the medium spice, it's the perfect heat level.

If you're not into shrimp or crawfish, they have several other options from oysters to lobster. My little man had some crab legs which they happily made plain for him and he devoured them. For those who don't eat seafood, about the only thing they offer is chicken wings, but the wifey ordered those and said they were pretty decent.

When it comes to the service, I had no complaints. Our waitress was great and made sure we were taken care of from start to finish. The prices are good too! And while I'm always wanting to check out new joints with crawfish, I'll definitely be back to The Boiling Crab when I want an amazing, messy meal!
Went here for lunch based on a friend recommendation. Easy to be seated, informed there was no blue crab or dungeness crab. I love dungeness so this greatly disappointed me. 
I ordered the snow crab with a side of corn on the cob, my friend ordered hot wings and crawfish. Somehow the hot wings were forgotten and delivered late, and they were dry and not to good. Rest of the food was good, if nothing special. Service was very good.

I went to one of these places, perhaps the parent place, in California a few years ago and that was a pretty good meal. This one, being similar, was not up to those standards.
boling crab how can you go wrong with this place man the best ever i will be back soon .
04/11/2014:
I guess a place this good is worth waiting for. Our party of 6 was seated in 45 mins on a Friday night. The host was very helpful. 

The shrimp was excellent. Better than the Cajun boiled shrimp I had in New Orleans the week prior. We each polished off 1.25 pounds of shrimp with "the whole shebang" seasoning. 

The wait staff was courteous even though it was busy. 

This was my 4th visit to this location. Will be back again when back in Vegas and get the craving for Cajun shrimp boil.
Great food and service. The whole shabang is best seasoning.  Well worth the price, would recommend it to anyone looking for great seafood.  Will definitely return.
Amazing food, Leanne was a terrific server...  I can't wait to go back.  Thank you Leanne!
The food is really fresh and the different sauces are fantastic. The service is upbeat and attentive. Just be prepared to wait, they get busy. A good place for large groups with a lot of TVs to watch the game!
Service is always great & every time I come I'm seated quickly (which I'm not use to, always use to waiting for 40+ mins in California). 

Dock two stars because...
They always give such little seasoning with a pound of shrimp, it's never enough. Seasoning never settles into the shrimp like it does in So Cal. I'm so use to getting so much flavor within the shrimp & lots of seasoning

Spice level is not always consistent. I'm a fan of spicy food so a few weeks ago when I ordered XXX my mouth was on fire, this week ordered XXX and felt like I was eating medium level.


Their seasoning is not always consistent either. Always get the whole shabang seasoning and it is normally bland or just right.

Cajun fries are to die for! 

Also, order rice, don't let that seasoning go to waste after you've finished the shrimp. Ha

Despite all that, I always come back when I want some delicious seafood.
I was there yesterday and I arrived after everyone's order was taken. I knew what I wanted as soon as I sat down but for some reason no one knew who our server was and wouldn't just take my order. I was sitting there for a while until someone finally came but not because they wanted to take my order but only for last call for kitchen orders.  Other than that the shrimp was good.
Seafooddd! I cannot tell you how much I adore seafood. Especially when it comes to seafood served in a bag and eating with your hands like a Filipino FOB (if you know what that means), the Boiling Crab is a best place of its kind! 

First, you choose your seafood. Second, how many pounds. Third, you choose the flavor. Lastly, you order some yummy cajun fries, squirt ketchup all over your newly papered table--then they tie a 'baby bib' around your neck and you are seriously READY to make a big big mess on your table! 

But usually, since I don't like to always look like some crazy food addict, I call in my order to-go and pick it up so that I can just eat like a lunatic in my own home. Or you call your family members and make the mess at their house ;)

My favorite thing to do is order a pound of shrimp or crab or crawfish (if you like it) in the Whole Shebang sauce and call it a night! Also, when I eat in the restaurant, me and my cousin like to order fresh oysters--which are super yummy and not dirty tasting here!

After you are done, your stomach will be thanking you. 

P.S. If you noticed that your breath has changed overnight, it might (a) make your coworkers jealous that you ate like a king/queen yesterday and/or (b) require several serious hours of eating mints, brushing your teeth, and using mouthwash!

Goood luck and happy eating :)
The food was excellent. The service was also excellent. The food came out to the table very fast. The menu prices are not outrageous like you would expect for a seafood restaurant. $15 for a dozen raw oysters. Not bad.

The spices on the Gulf shrimp and the clams were very good. It was not that hot for me though. I prefer spicy foods, so it may be hot for some people. The fried oysters were also very good. The raw oysters they serve are from the Gulf of Mexico. I prefer cold water oysters, but these were excellent. The fried shrimp were good, but small. The king crab and the fried calamari were good too.

The only complaints I have is that they do not have metal forks to shell the shrimp, so it is a tedious task with the sauce all over the shrimp. It makes it difficult to shell with your fingers or the plastic fork they give you. Next visit I will have to bring my own fork. They also have Green Mussels that are not on the menu. They were good, but they were not cooked long enough and the mussels did not open.

I will definitely be back. I look forward to trying the other items on the menu. I would recommend this place if you enjoy seafood.
Well to sum it up who are allergic to seafood would probably need to stay away but  then again they do have other items in the menu such as their chicken wings that are pretty good too for the non seafood lovers.  But enough with the constraints let's talk about why we go here in the first place.  

First up the service, this is probably the only Cajun style seafood restaurant in town that has the shortest wait time, probably due to the space, its twice as or close to three times bigger than the other similar restaurants in town.   Don't get me wrong, service is still fast, i like it that the servers are fairly organized.  

Next the food, the shrimp is a great start and probably the best bang for the buck, note 3lbs is plenty for a party of 4.  Throw in some sausages, corn and some rice you got a full meal.  The snow crabs & king crabs are great albeit +/-$18/lb market price at least here in Las Vegas. So the price of your meal can get up there.  Their oysters are the common pacific oyster variety, fresh and always a sure bet.  Their crawfish can vary depending if its season or not which the latter you will get the frozen kind, which to doesn't bother me the least.  All in all the foods flavor is based on their numerous sauces which goes with the garden variety Lemon Pepper sauce to the hodgepodge of Cajun flavor The Whole Sha-Bang.  In addition, you can choose from varying heat levels, I love choices.

Overall, its a flavorful experience that keeps me coming back for more.
It's a good place to go and eat with friends... The shrimp is juicy but I wish it would have just a bit more flavor...
They legitimately have the best seafood as far as the crab, lobster, and many others in town. They bring it in town fresh every day. And they are never small crab legs. My husband and I come here quit often, love it.
Save your time and money and head East to Joe's Crab Shack. A sloppy bag of sauce and crab legs (hardly any meat in them and not close to the 1 lb. I paid for) was disappointing! I have always wanted to try this place but won't be back ever! Service was mediocre. I also expected the rajun cajun to have more flavor.

They have signs all over that they prosecute "dine and dashers"  I dreaded paying for this meal and can understand why they need those signs.  What a waste of money $
Food was nasty, definitely not fresh and  service was horrible! Plus there was no reason why there should've been a wait time when there were a ton of tables available. We are definitely sticking to hot & juicy. Because this joint ain't nowhere near its level.
I love it I didn't like shrimp before and now at boiling crab it changed. I love the shrimp the favor is so good I can have a bucket of it. The chicken wings are delicious! And the fries and rice is so good! I love the Boiling Crab
I wish there was one here in Arizona! 

My husband and I came here with our family and friends for lunch while vacationing in Vegas. We arrived around 11:30am and there was already a whole bunch of people waiting to get in, mind you this place does not open til' 12pm. 

My husband and I ordered 2 pounds of shrimp, the whole sha-bang medium, 1 pound of crawfish, the whole sha-bang XXX spicy and an order of rice. 

It's never a disappointment when we come here!
I finally made it to The Boiling Crab.  I was in Viva last week and found myself sitting in the parking lot waiting for the place to open.  Turns out there were several other cars filled with people waiting for the doors to be opened.  LOL!!

I did carryout as I was solo and wanted to eat in my hotel room.  I ordered a pound of shrimp, a pound of mussels, corn and fries - all with "the whole shebang"  medium sauce.  

I gotta tell you - the service was great and everything tasted excellent!  I could have drank a glass of that sauce alone.    By the time I checked out of my hotel room three days later, it still reeked of "the whole shebang"!!  

I will return the next time I am in Viva in November.
So my hubby and I went here about 8ish on a Thursday night. We waited for about 15 minutes.
We were seated and the waiter came directly to us in no time. I ordered 2lbs. Of snow crab legs which came up to about 32.00 bucks. I also ordered the Cajun plain fries which were good but a tad but too salty for my taste.
This place is a nice size and everyone seems very friendly.
I would highly recommend this place.
We go this restaurant everytime we visit Vegas.
Waiting time of Boiling Crab in Las Vegas is much less than L.A.
No explain is needed. Just visit and try.
Loved it so good, was on vacation from California. So glad they had a boiling crab out here!
Hands down, the best crab place on the West coast. Leave the jewelry at home because you're eating with your hands. The seafood is served by the pound, but there are also dishes for the land lovers.  There are 4 kinds of sauce the food is served in.  Garlic butter is awesome for the less adventurous type but you ain't eating at the Boiling Crab if you ain't eating everything in the Whole shabang sauce. The only Vegas location is always busy but we're usually seated much quicker than the California locations I've been to.
I was first introduced to boiling crab in LA and I love it!! It's so satisfying to make a mess, crack some shells and enjoy your well deserved meal. I always go with the whole shebang sauce ...medium spicy is still pretty spicy. 
I usually order at least 3 lbs. of shrimp, a couple lbs. of crab, some corn and fries  (that's good for 5 people at least).
Sometimes we get clams or try something new.

The food is great...but the service could have been better. We asked for some tools to break the crab open with and by the time they had grabbed the tools for us, the crab got cold. My dad asked for a coke at the beginning of our meal, and asked a second time after our first round of good came...and never got his drink. The waiters just seem a bit disorganized.

Overall I still love this place and would definitely come back.
I first tried Boiling Crab when I was in Cali with my friends. I immediately fell in love with this place. Being Filipino I usually eat with my hands at times because that is just my culture, but here you get to as well! They line your table up with a huge "paper like" lining because it does get messy, but usually delicious foods are messy right? The way you order goes all the way down to what sauce you prefer and how spicy you want. Choices of food includes crab, shrimp, oysters, crawfish, hot wings, clams just to name a few populars. Boiling Crab is one of my favorite places to eat at. I have probably been here at least 10 times already with my friends and any time a family member or someone I know is visiting in town I would take them here. They are usually almost packed when I come here so that tells you a lot. I just love seafood and this place just satisfies me every single time I come here.
There's a lot of TV here and they are all in same channel and they got a huge ceiling fan too         

Great food thou.      

Awesome
Although the wait time ranged to about 45 minutes, the tremendous service and food completely made up for it.  
My sister and I shared a pound of shrimp, rice, and some corn. The food came out very fast and flavorful.
Following, a welcoming, friendly waiter supplied us with wonderful service.
We definitely recommend this place due to its cleanliness, delicious food, and outstanding service.
Decided to come here today instead of Hot N Juicy. I have been here before and thought I would try the "new item" BC Cajun Chowder described as "thick and hearty served with a scoop of white rice."  The server asked if I wanted it with rice. I asked if I could have the rice on the side because I didn't want too much rice. She said "no we can't make substitutions". An item that comes with rice and my only request is to put the scoop of rice in another cup instead of mixing together, can not be accommodated? Really BC? No thanks, keep it. Next time Hot N Juicy for sure!
So happy to discover a Boiling Crab in Vegas. Came around 7:30pm on a thursday and waited about 30 minutes which is pretty darn good compared to the 1 1/2 to 2 hour waits in LA. 3lbs of Snow crab legs with the whole shebang sauce and a few ears of corn thrown in were the bomb! The shebang sauce is to die for. Be prepared to make a mess. It's worth it.
Love this joint!

The line wasn't so bad. 20 mins for a party of 4. The waiting area is pretty decent and there are people waiting outside to be called. 

As soon we were seated, ordered food...and I was quite impressed how fast the food had came shortly after we ordered.

The spice level is spectacular, said my Wife. 
She's a spicy eater and the last place we gone to did not met her expectation. She was so pleased with their "XXX" Spice Level. 

The staff members are friendly and normally only certain waiter or waitress served an area, but here, however, everybody help one another. 

So getting helped was quick. 

The food price is a little more than others, then again, the crawfish had a couple of big ones. Which is a plus! 

Food was excellent , will be retuning.
Best. Shrimp. And. Cajun. Fries. In. Town.

I love love coming here whenever I'm super hungry or craving seafood. They have the best shrimp and cajun fries in town. I love the atmosphere and friendly workers. They all always look like they're having so much fun and most of the girls wear jean shorts and nike shoes. Just a little observation I took note of, lol. 

It can get pretty busy but definitely worth the wait! 
They have a lot of workers so expect to be helped fast and with a smile always!

I went with my boyfriend and his family and our server was Joey. He was super cool and really nice. He introduced himself to us right at the beginning and is very social and knows his menu for sure! Always checked up on us, made sure we were good, and got us taken care of quickly and efficiently. Our waters were constantly refilled and needs were fulfilled. I felt so needy but he never made us feel like it was too much to ask for. Excellent customer service! 

The whole shabang shrimp mild (half pound) with a side of rice and cajun fries is my usual. SUCH a delicious meal. I am craving it right now as we speak! Their prices are very reasonable for how good their food is. I love putting limes to season my shrimp. Their mild cajun fries are just the right amount of spicy! And the side of rice is a good portion. I share half and half with someone usually because it's too much for me!

If you're down to get dirty and have a good time, this is definitely the place.
The boiling crab isn't my favorite place for crawfish but it will do. It's not busy like hot n juicy, a quick in and out and perfect for groups. Moderately prices and ok service. I always get 1 lb of shrimp lemon pepper & Cajun fries!
Once you step into this establishment, you will be welcomed by a host or hostess who's friendly personality will make your day. When you and your party are settled, your server's charm will make you forget about that long waiting list that you were in. My server was excellent at his job. Whenever we would ask questions about the menu, he would answer it with no hesitation. He was not one of those servers who would disappear once we got our order. He always checked up on us and ask if we were satisfied with our food. As always, the food was was delicious. 

My favorite seafood is crab, so I had high expectations of this place. I got the whole shebang king crab legs with a side of white rice. If I had to describe my meal in one word, it would be "heavenly." Remember, this is not some fancy restaurant. To eat your food, you have to use your bare hands. So just a reminder, you are about to get down and dirty.   

The atmosphere of the place is amazing. Not only do they have welcoming employees, but the room makes you feel like you are on the boardwalk in California. Each and everyone that works here always seem to look like they are having fun. With their bubbly personalities, your server will try their best to make your experience outstanding.

Overall, this restaurant is incredible. You and your guests will have an enjoyable time. I recommend this to everyone, especially to all of the seafood lovers out there!
This place is awesome! I have usually gone to Hot & Juicy but decided to try something new. There is no difference aside from the fact that this restaurant is twice as big so it is far from crowded. Also, they have TVs everywhere, which makes it great for sports fans! I will definitely be returning here!
This place is prob one of favorite places to go in Vegas. Good food, great atmosphere and the service was pretty much awesome. I would most def bring all my friends and family here to enjoy the seafood! Shrimps !!!!!!
We recently got married here inside Mandalay Bay at the House of Blues (at the Crossroads Restaurant). It was a unique venue that allowed us to personalize our wedding and add extra details that made it unique and special to us and our guests. There is a stage on one end of the space and a bar on the other. We performed a few songs on the stage and our guests enjoyed the open bar, southern-style food and groovy atmosphere. The wedding coordinator for the HOB, Amber, was a dream to work with. She and she staff were very professional and they helped make our Big Day stress-free. Our guests said it was one of the most unforgettable weddings that they have ever been to and we have Amber and the HOB staff to thank for that.
Very disappointed. This was the first time sitting at the Crossroads of House of Blues.  The waitress ignored us.  We were there 30 minutes without water  or our order being taken.  You hate to complain or speak to a manager because you fear spit in your food but we had enough.  The waitress was very, very casual and there was so spark in her to get us taken care of which was frustrating.  The kids menu was awesome.  What I didn't like is they automatically charged us a Service Charge (tip) for 3 adults and 3 kids - they didn't tell us when we checked in and to be honest the waitress didn't deserve that much of a tip.  Very frustrating when you are bringing out of town guests and have a bad experience.
I've visited a couple of versions of this restaurant, specifically the locations in Anaheim and Orlando. While I was generally pleased, this incarnation of Crossroads at the House of Blues was worlds better than the others.  First off, I loved the ambiance--the muted lighting, the overhanging tree with rustic metal lanterns, etc. Second, the food was fresh and well-crafted. My husband and I ordered the street tacos and the lobster macaroni and cheese to share. The street tacos came with perfectly cooked carne asada, fresh tomatillo salsa, pico de gallo, and cotija cheese.  The lobster mac was served in an iron skillet--it was delightfully cheesy, topped with well-seasoned bread crumbs, and dotted with sweet pieces of lobster. The attention to detail, the flavor profiles--all worked together to create a wonderfully satisfying meal. It also wasn't horribly busy on a Saturday afternoon, which was definitely a pleasant surprise.
We came here last year for my husband's birthday. It was House of Blue then. The food was good and we loved the HUGE chicken wings! Not over fried and dry! We just went back last weekend. Menu has changed. The gumbo and the house salad were very good. But very disappointed with the TINY chicken wings. They were over fried and DRY!
All I've eaten are the meatball sliders, so this can't be a really full review.  But they are delicious and I've eaten here about 5 times in the last two weeks.  

The service is great, seems like everyone here has a pretty good attitude, casual, but still on top of things.

Also, on Friday nights, Rock And Roll Karaoke is not to be missed.  It's a great time, karaoke with a live band!  And the band is super good!   But they are also gracious enough to help out with people who, um, struggle a bit with musical matters like pitch, rhythm and lyrics.  And it's all done in the spirit of good-natured fun.

I would have given 5 stars, except I wasn't sure if it would be fair given that I've only had one time on the menu!  (I'm one of THOSE people)
This place has gone waaaaaaaaaay down.  Like WAY down!  It used to be my go-to breakfast spot when staying at Mandalay!  heck - I used to even walk over from the Luxor to get their eggs-b!  Not any more!!  I ate in the bar area of Crossroads one morning recently and the best I can say for the joint is that their service was on par.  The food is where it all went wrong...I ordered a breakfast burrito of sorts and the eggs were straight up COLD.  I asked if it was pre-made and kept in a warmer and the waiter did not deny it.  I won't go on and on...let me just say I'm no longer a fan.  Take a cue from me and head over to Red, White & Blue instead!
The food is OK, but service is terrible. 1. Our server didn't know the menu, 2. we had to wait 20 minutes for a soup that was precooked??? 3. Never brought to go box.
Wouldn't come back.
Four of us again - great atmosphere; when you are there make sure you find their mission statement and sign up. If you don't - go home and stay there. 

House of Blues! Live music has a variety of meanings. My definition is one that includes songs I can sing too and this gentleman met the bill. It wasn't spectacular, it was just enough to take your mind off the day and sing along. 

Our waitress was so much fun we almost forgot to order ... almost! No automatic gimme-mes to start the meal, but the drink order was filled quickly and I really like their definiation of a "shot" of Don Julio! Basic burger was made to order, fries were great and the Rosemary Chicken dinner was really good! Nice size portions too. Sharing a meal was graciously accommodated. Flatiron steak with a peppercorn sauce where one could actually taste the blending of spices. Could've used a litte more salt, but that's a very opinionated opinion. 

We had a birthday thing going on, so dessert was required. Key Lime Pie - and I mean true hand-made, not frozen key lime pie. I was looking for the key lime tree! Truly best we've ever had. The Boston Cream "pie" came in a very close second. In part because I have never seen a stacked pie. I've seen "stacked" (if you know me, you know what I mean)...l. but not in a pie! And the flavor was a blending of creamy, tart, etc. Very delicious. The final dessert was a basic chocolate cake. Huge, but basic. 

All in all - worth the money, a great time and we will go again.
Cannot comment on the food, but the music and liveliness of their "Swingin' Tuesdays" is a big hit! There is a regular crowd of lindy hop dancers who go there and it is always a treat to watch them. On my last trip, they seemed to changed the seating around the dance area. There used to be some high top tables/chairs where the dancers would congregate, but now they are all relegated to further away from the dance floor.

As for beverages, they are your typical prices for a casino venue. There is usually a special on Sailor Jerry rum, as they are the sponsor for the Tuesday event.
Who would have thought that a gem would exist in the overpriced world of Mandalay Bay.  I fully expected this place to be overpriced and more on the scale of Friday's in food quality.  I was wrong, mostly.  

We came here on Thursday to see a friend perform at local singer/songwriter night.  That part was awesome. The acoustics were great, our friend Eric Alesi performed great and even the next band sounded great.

As for the food, their jalepeno corn bread is excellent, not too spicy but with enough kick to keep you drinking :)  Their drinks come in a souvenier mug but are not outrageously priced.  The Peach drink was excellent.

We had the fried chicken which was well prepared and came with a thigh, drumstick, wing and breast with side of bacon mashed potatoes and coleslaw.  The coleslaw was the way I like it with very little if any liquid.

We also had the ahi salad.  The salad tasted great and we loved the dressing.  Only 4 pieces of Ahi though. A little disappointing for $16.99.

What keeps this place from the 5th star?  Despite the taste, the prices exceed the quality or quantity.

Also the service was just adequate.  The place wasn't that crowded but at time we went 10 - 15 minutes without seeing our waiter.  He did keep our drinks refreshed and my daughter was happy to get both fries and fruit with her sliders.
I have ALWAYS been a fan of House of Blues food.  Ever since my days at Disney.  This was a hidden treasure that people would pass by and not even give a chance but I am telling you that their food is so good.

We got a great deal through Restaurant.com so we were able to try a lot of stuff.  It's Vegas baby!  One thing you should know about Restaurant.com coupons is that it may look like a great deal but you need to spend a certain amount to use the coupon.  Our particular coupon was $4 for $50 but you have to spend $100.  Not really a great deal when you think about it.

Back to the yummy food.  The drinks are so yummy.  All of their signature drinks come in either a House of Blues souvenir glass or a souvenir mason jar.  I have both.  Buyer beware though, I think they are super expensive.  They don't list the prices on the menu and I actually have never thought to look but they are somewhere in the range of $20-$30.  Don't quote me on it but def. watch out for that.

Everything is spicy here!  Even their Jalapeno Maple bread.  It's delicious but spicy!  We ordered so many things.  The cesar salad with steak, side of mac and cheese with bacon, bacon wrapped meatloaf and the key lime pie.  All delicious!  Seriously, you can't wrong with their food.  Especially as a quick snack or lunch.  It's just a fun place to hang out when you've lost all your money.

The music is so fun and the staff is so great.  Especially Star.  She was so nice.  It's just a great place with a fun atmosphere.
Good breakfast, fast and courteous service. There are a variety of selections and the coffee is very good.
It was alright.  I had a gift card which made it free though, so that was nice.

For appetizers we had some shrimp on cornbread thing and some chicken wings.  Shrimp was okay, it tasted like shrimp.  I don't remember exactly how much but it seemed like the shrimp plate was way overpriced for the amount of food.  The chicken wings were really tasty...but then again, it's chicken wings and you can find good chicken wings anywhere.  They put the chicken wings on top of some cole slaw.  The cole slaw was warm because of the wings which made it pretty unappetizing.

We each had some steaks.  I had the NY Strip and my friend had the Rib Eye.  It was good.  Tasted like steak.

Table next to us had some plate that looked like they breaded and fried an entire chicken.  It was pretty huge.  I was impressed.

Anyways, I got what I payed for (at LV Strip casino rates) which leads to this 3 star review.  I don't exactly hang out at the Mandalay Bay anyways, but I doubt I'll be back to Crossroads.

Meh.
One of the worst HOB I have been to.  My wife and I went here on a weekday and it wasn't too crowded. Decent looking place. My waitress was nice, but she reminded me of the gal that was on Seinfeld, a low talker.  I could barely hear anything she was saying.  I hoped I didn't misunderstand anything she said and ended up with a meal I didn't order.
I ordered a shrimp po' boy.  The shrimp was just okay, no spiceyness to it, but the bread it travelled in was bad.  It literally fell apart when I tried to pick it up. For the price, not even remotely worth it.
My wife ordered a salad.  It was lettuce with a small chunk of blue cheese on the top and dressing on the side.  For nine bucks. And though this is no fault of HOB, my wife didn't like the lettuce offered and she asked for another kind.  They did not offer anything else.
Very disappointing meal.  Lots of waitresses and waiters standing around.  It seems like this place is going on it's rock and roll reputation. We will not be back, at least not this location.
I should have read some of the yelp reviews before falling into this place.  Maybe I'm watching too many of those reality restaurant and bar rescue shows, but a semi cold breakfast told me the kitchen was sub par.  To encounter bad food in Las Vegas is the death nil given all the good restaurants around.  Had an expensive and I mean expensive plate of eggs benedict and it came out cold, which means it was pre-cooked and sat there.  I was lucky not to get sick!  Even fail safe hash browns were warm and tasted slightly sour.  I don't know how it's like for dinner but don't come here for breakfast!
Food is terrible, ambiance New Orleans decor, but not quite the right feel, service terrible, didnt have silverware for our appetizers, food took 25 min,  Strip prices, not really worth all the inconviniences.
Antoinette at the House of Blues restaurant provided super excellent service for my mother, dining along. She made her feel welcome, comfortable and enhanced her experience greatly. My mother enjoyed her food, her champagne and the atmosphere. Thanks sooooooo much, Antoinette. Because of you, I will send all my family and friends to this location when we are in Vegas. The world needs more people like you. Cheers!!!!!
Ok, I went to Vegas for my 30th Birthday, which was this past weekend, February 7th thru the 10th. Everyday my cousin and myself ate someplace different.  However,  The House of Blues, was by far the best.  I mean everything was so delicious. Some places you eat at, only a few items are good.  Heck, no, not here, everything.  We order the tacos for a appetizer, OMFG, I swear it was orgasmic in my mouth.  I honestly almost cancelled my order to order more tacos. Lol.my main course was Aaron's Bolognese Pasta, simply delicious.  My cousin order a rack of ribs and the garlic mash and beans and coleslaw.  Omg, once again, perfection.  . && let's not talk about our waitress Susie Q. She was not only great with her customer service but genuinely a great help on recommending items on the menu telling us about different places to get drinks. Overall my experience at the Crossroads at The House of Blues was great.
It's an over-priced noisy chain restaurant - not at all uncommon in Las Vegas.

THE GOOD:

- Lots of seating
- Live music for those who like that sort of thing with dinner
- A decent menu (not too much, but enough variety to please all palettes)

THE BAD:

- The food is so-so...the steak in my steak salad was poor quality, my wife's burger and fries were average, yet the pickles that came with her sandwich were very tasty, as were the appetizers

- The prices were too high for what you got. This is a problem in all of Las Vegas really, but if you're going to over-pay, you should get something memorable in exchange. There was absolutely nothing memorable about this place.

- Our server (Mike was his name I think?) was sort of a d-bag. He lost all credibility when he told us that 3 dishes were "money," before rattling off half a dozen more that were also "money" or amazing. If you're going to tell me half the menu is amazing, you might as well keep your mouth shut.

He also acted very put out when we asked him to split up the check.

Summing up, this isn't a must-see place. It's not bad at all (it's just fine, actually), but you can do better.
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay. When I first saw the menu and the prices, I thought $16.99 for a sandwich was crazy expensive Las Vegas food and it was going to be overrated, but boy was I mistaken - my pulled pork sandwich was huge (about the size of my face) and it was absolutely phenomenal. It is now #2 best BBQ on my list (with #1 being Ocean City, MD's "Bull on the Beach").

The service was great and our waiter was courteous and was even open to questions about the HOB venue itself. He also advertised to us that a local blues band was coming back later that evening and we could come back, no purchase necessary, to listen to some great local blues music. The band was decent ("Nothing But The Blues" but spoiler alert...they play some songs that aren't blues) and even though we didn't have to buy anything, we still bought some drinks to pay for our entertainment.

Great restaurant/facility, highly recommend.
JP and the bartenders were awesome! They treated me like queen!  Tyler wasn't even our waiter and he checked on us!  Please make sure they are recognized!!!
Crowded and over priced for drinks. It was meh.
Really mixed experience for breakfast. Food was fine and coffee powerful.  Went twice, and second time kitchen was so backed up that oatmeal and yogurt took 45 minutes to arrive. Coffee was inelegantly sloshed into coffee cups and once splashed on table mate's arm. When manager asked how we were and we talked about the wait,  she explained that it was due to the convention in the hotel. Of course it was -- but it wasn't a surprise convention. I prefer to go somewhere that plans ahead.
For over a decade (like 14 yrs) we avoided this place both here in Vegas and Disneyland. I love spicy and Cajun, but the menu never quite appealed to me before. Hard to describe it, but too fancy?

Well, they switched it all up and I give it two thumbs up to their new menu. Decided to try them out and we just finished our lunch. I had to do something light: chicken cobb salad. Delic and huge!!! Husband went with server's suggestion of Buffalo Chicken Salad. Double delic! 
Excellent service by our waitress, Jasmine.
We have our breakfast spot picked out for tomorrow: Crossroads at House of Blues!
Been in town for 6 months and by far this was my best experience!! Suzie Q was our server and was outstanding! She was so informative about the menu and gave us great suggestions. Gave us a tour and was so gracias to help out with tickets for our stay. She defifinately went above and beyond to make our experience a great one!!! Great asset to your company!!
Love this place.  Great owners.  Delicious take on southern food.  Being from the South I take my biscuits and gravy seriously and these guys do not disappoint.  Their chicken is the truth.
First thing you should know about Old Dixie's: It is a food truck and thus you should visit their website to find where they actually will be located when you have a hankering for delicious food.

Second thing you should know about Old Dixie's: Jen, one of the co-owners, is amazing and will happily chat with you about the source of every ingredient featured on their menu, the methodology behind the various dishes, and anything else you desire. 

Third thing: The chicken, biscuit, and gravy sandwich is amazing. Everything is locally sourced as much as possible and cooked very well--the fried chicken was moist yet crispy, the biscuit flaky, and the country gravy was phenomenal. Can't wait to try the chorizo meatloaf and arugula sandwich next time!
5 stars as compared to other food trucks.

Best food truck breakfast (the only 'meal' I've had from them).  Biscuits and gravy, fried chicken biscuit with cheese, bacon and gravy (!!) and the breakfast biscuit (egg, cheese and bacon) all were top-notch.  Fried chicken breast was moist and well cooked.
Generous sized piece of white meat chicken, southern fried (with zesty spices) laid on top of a oversized biscuit covered in white gravy. Just like my grandma used to make. So full of flavor, so filling. I could only eat half before my belly expanded beyond the reach of my pants. Best $8 I've spent all day! I'm going to Facebook stalk them so I can partake in some more of their other southern goodness!
HOLY SHHHHHH......SMOKES Old Dixie, your one of my latest FAVORITE food truck to frequent.  I have even trekked out of my way after reading your post on Facebook of being set up at the Central Farmers Market one Saturday to satisfy a craving I had for your goodness. 

I am hooked on their SUPER SIZED Biscuits.  This is no Jimmy Dean Microwave Mini Biscuit Sandwich this is REAL and BIG.  I am sure they could put just about anything on or between these and it would be FABULOUS!  

As I daydream back to the first time I tried Old Dixie's it was a cool Autumn night in Downtown Phoenix, First Friday was in full effect and I had already planned to catch my dinner at one of the food trucks stationed at the Roosevelt Row Art Market .  I had tried each one there, some more than once....but this was new, uncharted territory for me and I was ready to experience it.    Reading the menu I didn't know what to expect  most if not all their sandwiches are $8.  Eight dollars for a biscuit sandwich I thought imagining some Pillsbury Grands Sized Biscuit or a KFC Biscuit.  But I thought what the heck, it is my goal to give every Truck a chance.  I ordered the Chicken, bacon cheddar and Gravy sandwich, and I was reassured by the young lady taking my order that I made a wise choice as that is one of their most popular.  

As I took a spot near the Pick-Up window,  I glance over to see another persons order....HOLY SH*T....is that the Sandwich?!   It was HUUUGE.  Shortly there after my name was called and I picked up my own piece of history.  Little did I know then that I would be quite taken with Old Dixie's.  

The biscuit , thick and the perfect balance between soft and sturdy enough to be a sandwich.  The chicken was a moist generous piece of crispy fried chicken breast.  This was then topped with a creamy authentic country gravy, thick smokey well cooked (not to much not too little) bacon and a slice of cheddar cheese.  LOVE....
I took on this sandwich with a Knife and Fork....and had to save half for later.

Since that day I have also tried their Carolina Pulled Pork Biscuit Sandwich.  A generous portion of  Pork  so smokey and tender  is topped with a mustard style bbq sauce and a red cabbage slaw.  

Ohhh  Old Dixie's I will be back and I will bring all my friends to come enjoy your down home goodness!
Seriously!?!?  How in the HEII am I the first person to write a review for Sandra Dee's Catering!?!?  Crazy!  But woohoo ~ First Review!!  :)

I had made an executive/birthday decision last night for dinner.  It was either drive down to Fudds in Tempe and use a birthday coupon or do something else.  I decided to check out the Phoenix Street Coalition's facebook page and see if there were any food trucks gathering.  Lo and behold - Sandra Dee's was going to be right around the corner from us in Old Town!  I inform J...let's skip getting stuck in traffic and check this place out.  I'm certainly glad we did!!

Sandra D is very friendly and when I asked if I should get the Shrimp or Catfish Po boy, she suggested the shrimp and trying a basket instead.  So I could try the shrimp on their own.  I decided to go with her suggestion.  

OMFG - The shrimp was AWESOME!!!  Lightly coated.  Not undercooked.  But not rubbery.  Awesome seasoning.  The sauce provided to dip, tasty too, but not needed.  The shrimp stood on their own.  :)  Seriously, these shrimp were so good that J enjoyed a few pieces too, and he's not a big fan of crustaceans!  

As we were getting ready to leave, Sandra comes out of the trailer and I inform her that my dinner was amazing!  J, SD, and I get to talking and she mentions her gumbo.  We end up getting a sample of it to try.  That too was flipping amazing!  

J's take on the Gumbo - "I'd describe the gumbo as sensational.  Well seasoned with a broth that puts others to shame.  The andouille was spectacular.  Firm and savory.  The shrimp perfectly cooked and every bite balanced"

We look forward to visiting Sandra Dee's Catering truck again!  :)
This food truck/trailer is a must visit. Creole Cooking that is Oh So Good! The gumbo was phenomenal as is the shrimp, and I am not a shrimp fan in the least. To say I'd order a Shrimp Basket for myself should speak volumes about the skill with which Sandra crafts her offerings.

From Shreveport, Louisiana, Sandra bring a wealth of Creole knowledge and you'll be glad you sought out her truck with every tasty, savory bite! Sandra, herself, is such a nice, personal, ebullient lady, serving up heaping helpings of friendly chitchat along with her catfish, shrimp and porkchop po' boys done the right way.

Be sure to follow her on Twitter (@SandraDeesFoods) to find out where she's parking the trailer and get yourself some Good Eats!
A welcome new addition to the ASU Food Truck Block Party.

Id heard about Sandra Dees southern fare for a while now. My hubby ordered their southern fried chicken (comes w/ fries) and I had the creole hot wings. They were out of water they day we went, so we drank the koolaid (ha ha).

My wings were....average. I didnt taste any creole seasoning, just hot buffalo sauce. My hubby, however, loved his fried chicken. The one taste he allowed me to have was very good. The chicken was moist and the breading had just that right crunchyness. Great seasoning too.

While I was disappointed in my meal, it wont stop me from going back to try something different.

See you next week Sandra Dees!
Great food and Southern charm - can't get any better than that.

Catfish done perfectly.  Cannot say good enough things about the fried fare; shrimp, catfish, chicken baskets all delicious and a must try especially for first timers.  Creole sauce and hot sauce are amazing accompaniments.  

Some of the best gumbo I've had in Phoenix and also a must try if it's on the menu.  Poboys are awesome - go for the catfish or shrimp.

If Sandra has crawfish available, give it a try.  Absolutely delicious and fun to eat!
UM Yum!!!! 

Sandra Dee's was parked outside of my office today. The advertisment sent by our complex via email was very unassuming. It simply stated Sandra Dee's Catering with a picture of a truck and a short list of menu items. Benigets, coffee, biscuits and gravey Chicken and waffles. I thought hmmm not everyone can do biscuits and gravy justice maybe I'll check it out. 

Then I looked them up on Yelp and found that Sandra Dee is from Louisianna! Jack pot! It's against the law to be from Louisianna and not know how to cook B N G! Well at least it should be. So now fueled with this new information I am on a mission to hit up this food truck!

Wow the flavor! A few bites of biscuit were dry however the generous serving of very flavorful gravy moistened it right up! I will definately keep my eye out for more goodies from Miss Sandra Dee! I think the Dee is for Deelish!

Might have to go back for a Beniget!
For me, Sandra Dees exemplifies the true essence of a small business / food truck. She is not trying to be anyone she is not, her food is genuine, and she takes pride in making sure her product is top notch.

Had the shrimp which was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly. It came with a little ramekin of some delicious sauce I would drink on its own.  Keep up the good work!!
Fantastic shrimp po-boy!  The ingredients were really fresh, the bread was soft and tasty, the shrimp crispy and the sauce was delicious.  It will be hard getting anything else.  I'll have to though since their other dishes look great as well!
I had heard good things about LFC for awhile, so I was looking forward to its opening of this new location. After several weeks of delays, it finally opened this past Saturday. I waited until Wednesday to stop by. Good news and bad news about this place. Lets start with the good. The chicken tastes great. It is very flavorful, with just a little amount of spice to it..And afterall, the chicken is why we go to a chicken place, right? The dirty rice and the fried okra were both pretty good as well. 

 Now the not so good news- The chicken pieces were on the small size. I ordered a 3 piece mixed combo. I got a small wing, a small drumstick and a small thigh. The menuboard says the combos come with your choice of two sides. I chose dirty rice and fried okra. After paying and getting my receipt, I noticed that I was charged $7.19 while the menu said $6.99. I mentioned the difference in price, and was told it was because the okra is a more expensive side. I completely understand that, but shouldn't it be mentioned on the menuboard that some sides may require an upcharge? The "bread" that comes with the combos is a pretty standard, premade roll, similar to a Kings Hawaiian sweet roll.  The fried okra was freshly fried after I ordered it, but is probably straight out of the freezer bag. It was good. The dirty rice also was good, but nothing great.

Bottom line--would I return or recommend this place to others--Yes.. The chicken is very flavorful. I would try some different sides next time to see if they are better. They also offer some desserts such as cobbler, lemon cake, etc which I will try at another time. My biggest suggestion to them, if possible, would be to try to get a slightly larger sized chicken.
Bad news. VERY bad news. A friend sent me a text last week that this location opened. When the only Louisiana Fried Chicken in town was on Baseline, it was far enough to avoid. I had to REALLY be craving fried chicken to get down there. But 40th St. and Thomas?  That's too close! I gained 5 pounds reading the damn text!

I went in today - got a 3 piece combo (comes with 2 small sides, a roll and a drink) for lunch at work today and an 8 piece combo (with 2 large sides and 6 rolls) for the house.

LOVE THIS CHICKEN!!  As the reviewer before me pointed out - these are not huge pieces of chicken. They are average, normal, what size chickens are supposed to be pieces of chicken. And the batter has AMAZING flavor!

The menu board lists all the available sides - some for slightly extra - but all quite tasty. Not just fried chicken! They are also grilling the chicken, and have shrimp and fish options as well.

It's not the cheapest in town, and there are some full service restaurants around that may do the chicken better (I would still choose LoLo's or Tuck Shop for chicken and waffle over LFC's chicken and waffle) - but as far as fast food fried chicken goes - LFC is worlds better than KFC, Popeye's or Church's.

It's fantastic that there's now a Louisiana Fried Chicken so close to my place - but now I have to learn will power - and FAST!

Aside - I am sure this will be changing - but right now, the place is still really new. All the equipment is clean and shiny - and the walls are still bare. Hoping they get some stuff up on the walls. Louisiana stuff, chicken stuff, paintings of fruit...whatever!
I saw the orange sign the other day while in the area and I thought it was worth checking out.  I'm a fan of Cane's down the street and the neighborhood can always use another fried chicken place that isn't KFC.  I would compare the menu to that of Popeye's but you can tell they take a lot more pride in what they are doing.  I didn't feel like messing with the bone so I ordered a 4 piece chicken strip combo that came with two sides and a roll.  I ordered the dirty rice and cole slaw as a side just because I didn't want two starches as my sides.  It only took a few minutes and when they called out my number I was greeted by a steaming order of  perfectly battered chicken strips and two decent size sides.  I'd bet my life on the roll being fresh from a pack of King's Hawaiian Rolls.  The gentleman preparing my meal was even thoughtful enough to put a side of hot sauce (like Louisiana Hot Sauce but maybe a touch thinner) on my tray and asked me if I wanted ranch and bbq.  Well done, I'll give these guys some credit and I hope it sticks around.  It's exactly what I thought it would be when I saw the sign and walked in the door.
I went back tonite for more LFC. 

This time, the chicken pieces seems to be a little bit bigger than last time. The menu now has a disclaimer saying that some sides may incur an additional charge.  That was two of my gripes on my first visit, so check and check.. 

This time, I ordered an 8pc with 2 large sides...As stated above, chicken was bigger, and it was hot and moist..perfectly seasoned. For sides, I ordered the sweet corn nuggets and mac and cheese. They had run out of mac and cheese and had to make more. It took about 10 minutes to make. Was it worth the wait? It was fresh, REAL macaroni and cheese, baked in the oven, not some "out of the box" variety. It was made with real cheese, as witnessed by the stringy cheese when eaten. My comment here is that I prefer a more creamy variety than what it was. But it definitely was better than Kraft mac & cheese in a box. 

The sweet corn nuggets were incredible. Not sure if they are something they make fresh or if it comes out of a freezer bag, but they were delicious little morsels. Nuggets of corn kernals, surrounded by a light crunchy coating and deep fried. 

I wanted to try out their fried shrimp, so I got an "add on" of 4 fried shrimp ($1.99). At first view, I was disappointed. What I got were 4 very small (think MAYBE 45-50 sized shrimp). They were not even butterflied, which would have made them appear bigger). But upon tasting them, I really enjoyed the flavor. They appeared to be freshly breaded (is it the same seasoned flour used for the chicken?) and were very tasty. My suggestion here would be to 1) butterfly the shrimp and 2) get a slightly larger shrimp (even if it means a price increase).
 
With my second trip to LFC, I am becoming an even bigger fan..Tasty chicken, good sides, a clean restaurant, and nice employees.
I work up the street from this new location and had been waiting for an chance to try it. Wow, what a pleasant change of pace. Delicious, spicy breading. The fish will become a weekly staple for me. Next week I will try the shrimp and the corn nuggets. If they are anywhere close to the greatness of the chicken and fish I will have a difficult time deciding without over-ordering. The best fried chicken around this area!
The sides are like KFC but a bit more homemade style.  Mac and cheese was good, cole slaw was actually better than KFC and the mashed potatoes and gravy was almost exactly the same.  I like the hawaiin roll that comes with the chicken.  The breading seemed good and the chicken was fried right.  However, I'd opt for more flavor in there.

All in all, definitely not bad, but can't wait to try the fish and shrimp.
Saw this on television, 50% off, all entrees. Got the 8PC with 2 sides. Got coleslaw and rice & gravy. Yum, yum, yum...the breaking a little too spicy for the roommate, but got the hot sauce and I'm in chicken heaven. Will have to go back for fish, shrimp & gumbo. Wish they had greens, but the Mac & cheese and corn nuggets will do also.
My disdain for KFC and Church's aside, this is officially the best fried chicken I've had in a REALLY long time! When it comes to homestyle fried chicken, I'm all about Stacy's Pit Stop. But when I need it fast and cheap, I'm a Popeye's girl all the way. Considering that the closest Popeye's is in Tempe, I wasn't left with many choices - until now. Louisiana Fried Chicken falls somewhere in between the two, but you shouldn't scoff because it is AMAZING! 

PROS: The batter is crisp and doesn't slide off the entire piece of chicken when you take your first bite (I'm guessing it's a wet batter?), the chicken is well seasoned all of the way through, and best of all, the chicken isn't swimming in grease when it hits the box. The corn nuggets are TO DIE FOR and the dirty rice is spicy, well-seasoned, and pretty decent (although I prefer my own, wallowing in bacon grease...) The hawaiian sweet rolls compliment the spicy/salty chicken and sides perfectly, and although I didn't get a single bite of mashed potatoes and gravy, the husband didn't seem to have any complaints. They also don't skimp on the Louisiana hot sauce; we had plenty of containers left over to go with the remaining chicken!

CONS: No mac and cheese. We hear it's made fresh daily from scratch with six different cheeses, but this dish somehow alludes us. I took away one star because I've read that other people have had this same issue, and my thing is - if you keep running out, KEEP MAKING MORE! I can't wait to try it someday. I will likely call in my takeout order 40 minutes ahead next time, so they have ample opportunity to bake more mac and cheese just for me. There wasn't any sweet tea offered on the menu, but when I peeked over by the beverages, I spotted a Golden Peak tea dispenser. I didn't try it, but from what I remember, Golden Peak sweet tea didn't strike my fancy the last time I tried it. I love that Stacy Phipps brews his sweet tea fresh, and I really, really wish LFC did too because that would just send me sailing over the edge.  

I can't wait to go back for more! I'm not quite sure about the people griping on prices. I've paid twice as much for chicken that wasn't half as good. At $20 for 12 pieces, 2 sides, and 6 rolls - this quality fried chicken is a STEAL. Next time, I'm hoping to get some of that fabled mac and cheese, and to try some of their desserts, but for the sake of my appetite, I hope LFC sticks around for a while!
An addendum to my previous review... 

After further examination of LFC upon my second visit, I have decided to increase my previous judgment of 4 stars to a total of 5 stars. Although they seem to always be running out of mac and cheese, and they do NOT have fresh brewed sweet tea, I'm convinced by the quality of their cheesy golden mac and cheese (and their excellent customer service) that they deserve the 5th and final star. The mac and cheese takes 35 minutes to make so CALL AHEAD! It is well worth the wait. The noodles are perfectly al dente, the cheese blend is unbelievable, and the entire dish was immaculately seasoned. I suggest eating it while it's HOT because that real cheese coagulates at room temperature (unlike the fake cheesy crap in the boxes) - but honestly, when I microwaved the second container the next day it still tasted great! Louisiana Fried Chicken, congratulations - you are the real thing.
Delicious. As the product of two Louisianians, the glee I felt when I saw the sign so close to my home can only be described as...gleeful. The aroma that hit me as I waltzed gleefully through their door made me swoon. I got so excited that I lost my mind while ordering. 

The following is what happened (even though I was only ordering for 2 people...yes, two actual full-grown people, not at all related to the snide euphemism of 'eating for two' that people seem to be throwing around these days when rudely implying that pregnant women shouldn't feel free to pig out every once in a while. Go on preggies, eat whatever you want. I won't judge.)

Anyway, what I heard coming out of my mouth was: #5 Value Pack, all white meat, rolls, 10 piece shrimp, dirty rice, fried okra, macaroni & cheese, lemon cake, and jeebus forgive me for my gluttony, peach cobbler. 

Other than the sides and dessert, everything else was made fresh (don't get me wrong, the sides and desserts were fresh, but they weren't made-to-order, per se), so I sat myself down, enjoyed whatever college game was playing on their TVs, and settled in for my takeout. 

Once I got it to the car, the smell overwhelmed me and I went...ever so slightly...bat guano crazy attacking the okra. It was perfection. None of those evil, weird, chewy pieces that sometimes show up when ordering from other not-to-be-named places that also serve fried okra with chicken. The shrimp was not my favorite (but to be fair, I'm a little weird about shrimp to where it needs to be cooked ever so slightly more than most places do...it's about the texture people...I know this about myself, so I'm not going to complain), but the chicken stole the show. The prices are reasonable, especially if you go in knowing that this is NOT drive-thru assembly line chicken, it's really really good and fresh.
One word can describe my last two visits (including last night) DISAPPOINTED. After many happy visits to LFC, I am now disappointed. On my visit a couple of weeks ago, I received very small pieces of chicken. Still flavorful and delicious, but tiny.. I thought maybe it was just a fluke. I went back again last nite and got an 8 piece dinner. I even told the person at the counter how last time the chicken was tiny and if it was good sized or not today. He said it was fine. Well, he was wrong. The leg was honestly smaller than the wing drummette you get at most places. The thigh had about three bites of meat on it. The wing looked like it came off a pigeon. 

And to make matters worse, the chicken was missing its flavor. It tasted like it either wasn't marinated long enough or else someone substituted plain flour in place of the seasoned flour.. 

Come on now guys. I have been singing your praises to anyone who will listen. But after last night, I wouldn't recommend you to anyone. What is going on here?
I'm no connoisseur to "southern" fried chicken but I can only compare it to LoLo's, the more popular chain here.  For me the difference was in the waffle.  If it was crispier, I would have given them 1 more star.  Now, chicken-to-chicken, LoLo is slightly crispier.  Overall, I enjoyed the chicken.  It had a light, thin batter with a fragrant of various spices and herbs.  The meat was not as juicy but was moist enough.  

I ordered their 4 piece (thigh, leg, wing, and breast) meal with waffle which came out to approx $10.  It came with 2 sides of syrup and liquid butter.  That's right, liquid butter.  

The menu is quite extensive, so one can't be bored with just fried chicken.  I would not mind making a return if I'm in the mood for chicken and waffles.
Honestly! Popeyes, is much better than what I had this evening.  The dirty rice was blah, and the chicken you don't have a choice between mild or spicy.  Needless to say the chicken left my pallet spiced out! 

The combo was suppose to include Leg with a thigh or wing.  I got a breast and a leg.  Now to some people that's bonus but I'm not a white meat person.  I love my chicken dark.......  The dinner roll, feels that it came out of the package of a Kings Hawaiian Rolls  compare that to Popeyes, buttermilk biscuits

I'm dissappointed that if you want mac and cheese as your side you have to buy  that side.  It's not an option available for combos.   

I'll have to try the mac and cheese next to see if it worth going there for that, but I would prefer my chicken from Popeyes....
Not impressed with the food overall. The breading for chicken had too much herb and not much spice. I enjoyed the fries the most-paprika-based seasoning. Cole slaw was ok. Roll was out of a package like they go to Fryes to get them. Sweet potato pie was ok, again pre-packaged. Restaurant appeared clean and taken care of. Small but steady lunch crowd when I was there. Friendly staff. Good value.  Will I go back? No but I'm glad I tried it.
Eh...it's ok. The chicken and okra were seasoned good, so that's a plus. My husband does not like the portions; he ordered catfish and he got two lil' flimsy pieces and a soggy roll. One thing I didn't like was that the guy at the register really looked like he didn't want to be there and we were bothering him by ordering food. He may have been upset about the car accident that he'd got in recently (heard his animated story while waiting). The guy that was putting our food together was really nice. I'd suggest larger portions (even if it adds a couple cents) and maybe crack a smile every now and then, geez!
Nice find. I ordered the two-piece with waffle and "upgraded" to white meat. The fried chicken was as good as I've ever eaten. Big, hot & juicy pieces. A nice level of heat & spice without going overboard. The waffle was just kind of "meh". My father-in-law chowed down his chicken and enjoyed his fried okra and mashed potatoes. It's a fast-food set-up, but probably took 10-15 minutes to get our food on a Sunday at 6:15. No worries, I'll assume that's because they were cooking to order. Very sweet & polite register operator who was very patient while my 75 year-old FIL tried to understand and navigate the menu. Some typical fast-food mis-steps -- no plastic knives out on the floor to cut the waffle, had to go back ask for that. Forgot to hand me butter & syrup for the waffle, had to go back & ask for that. All in all, though, well done. I'll be back.
I have eaten here several times and if I had written this review a few weeks ago it would have been a bit better. But we went for dinner last night it seems things are changing...and not for the better. The guys who used to work behind the counter were fun and friendly but they have been replaced by a new woman who looks, and acts, like she hates the world. While the food was a tasty as every the portions are getting much smaller. That really isn't that bad, it was still enough for a full dinner so I can't complain too much. But what truly topped it off was, as we were sitting there, this new woman behind the counter came out with paper signs proclaiming "No Refills" from the beverages (soda, tea, etc). I personally find that to be one of the most ridiculous things around. There is no way that refills are negatively impacting your sales as the cost of a soda is in the cup itself and not the drink. I feel like it gives the entire place a sense of "you're lucky to be here." as opposed to the fun, family style it had before. I'm seriously disappointed and will definitely be rethinking before I go back again.
I actually went here yesterday. I have eaten here several times and have loves it. Yesterday we left wondering WTF happened. I wasted $40 on crap.... Literal crap. It started when I ordered. Asked for wings, were out of wings. Ok we can deal w that. Moved on to the next order. I'd like a side of green beans, oh we're out of them, ok mixed veggies, oh we're out of those too. Oh wow!!! Ok so we improvised and ordered different sides. I got fried fish that was chewy and fatty, my sons chicken strips smelled funny and had a bit of a rotten taste, my guy friends fried chicken was raw in the middle. I was annoyed. We didn't eat our food and I wasn't gonna sit there and cause a stink. I let them know directly about our problems and was offered another piece of chicken. Really? What you gave me already was inedible, why would I want more?? And another piece of chicken??? I spent $40 on stuff that went in the garbage can and a empty stomach. I WILL NEVER IN MY LIFE GO BACK TO THIS PLACE. N E V E R ! ! ! I want to know what happened. I used to love this spot. Now it nauseates me. I'm sad and pissed at the same time.
Had 3 piece fish, French fries and cole slaw. Everything was ON POINT! Fish was fried and seasoned perfectly.  Fries were nice and crispy, thin cut. 

The price is right as well. It was about $8. Can't beat with any fish meal in the area
This is true comfort food, incredibly bad for you but tastes great. They need to consider adding something to the menu that won't clog the arteries before getting to the car. 

That being said it tastes super but if you spend your calories here you spent them all!!!!
So I was enjoying a rare shopping day without the kids last weekend and I decided to stop in here for a quick lunch to go, and I'm so glad I did.  The restaurant was spotless and orderly and I encountered the sweetest employee working the register; unfortunately I didn't get her name.  She went out of her way to make my experience pleasant and I really thought she was super cool.  

I ordered the 2 piece meal with a soft roll, two sides and a drink ($6.99 +tax).  I selected fried okra and corn nuggets as my sides.  I got a half and half mixture of strawberry and grape Fanta soda from the fountain drink dispenser.  (Don't judge.)

First off I'd like to know how it is that I've been on this Earth for 40 years yet I've never had corn nuggets before?  They were amazing deep fried, batter dipped nuggets of sweet corn...  Delicious!  I'd be back for those corn nuggets ALONE, but the fried chicken, the fried okra and the roll were also phenomenal too!  Fact: the soft roll didn't even make it home with me.  I'll add that my husband, who's a part time, half-assed vegetarian, scarfed down the extra piece of fried chicken that I saved for him too.  When I got home I discovered that *somehow* my two piece order magically morphed into a 3 piece order, allowing my husband an opportunity to taste this delicious chicken too... (Thank you! *wink*)  

This chicken is crunchy, spicy and perfectly cooked; it's so good it'll make a half-hearted vegetarian fall off the wagon.   Also, it's worth mentioning that they offer chicken and waffle combination plates, and some of their other sides include dirty rice, rice and gravy, macaroni and cheese and so much more.  And yeah, in case you were wondering they also have seafood gumbo, and fried fish and shrimp too.  And their desserts?  Oh Dear Sweet Lord, they have pecan pie, and sweet potato pie and banana pudding and peach cobbler and even Red Velvet Cake!  

Louisiana Fried Chicken, piping hot corn nuggets and banana pudding?!  Why are you even still sitting here reading this review??  Go!  Go now!!  So seriously folks, take a look at the other reviews for this place; you have at least 5 Yelp Elite accounts giving this place high reviews, that should speak for something right there.  If you love flavorful fried chicken and you haven't stopped here yet you really should.

Also, for the owners, if possible, I'd suggest considering adding a sign down on Thomas Road advertising your presence inside the strip mall.  The current over the door marquee sign isn't very easy to see from the main road unless you are heading westbound (you can't see it heading Eastbound) on Thomas and just happen to look up to your left at the *exact right* time.   

Good luck!  I'd sincerely love to see you guys succeed so I can continue to enjoy your delicious food!
My son and i got up Sunday and agreed we both wanted mac n cheese. We pulled up about 4 minutes before they opened at noon. When they opened we went in and were greeted by a young lady wearing a Chicago Bears shirt. She turned out to have all the hospitality and charm of a honey badger with a hang over. It honestly felt as though we were not wanted there. The food was fairly standard...nothing special. The mac n cheese we were craving was good at first but then just kinda became blah and gummy. The corner tv blaring way too loud was the only bright spot of the visit.
Yummo!   I'm in my happy place right now. This chicken is done right!!!  And granny better watch out cause these waffles put hers out of the running.  Great place. A lot of food for the price.  Would like some gravy to dip my strips in. Keep up the great work my new chicken friends. Almost forgot. The fried okra and mac and cheese are amazing!!!  :-)
It saddens me to give such a poor rating because I actually really like the food. It is the customer service, or I guess the lack thereof, that puts my review at one star. I always try to call to place my order which takes several times to get through...EVERY time. I figured out why. A lot of the front of the house staff are wearing ear buds. Back of the house fine; front is unacceptable. I have also been in a few times and my order has been wrong. Whether it is not the type of meat I requested or missing rolls from a dinner package...I don't like when my order is wrong or not ready. 

I placed an order another time and was asked if I could be there in 15 minutes when it was 8PM and the door said the place closed at 10PM. This time order wrong AGAIN and they wouldn't fix it because they were "closing" due to pest control. I have worked in many restaurants and when they are doing pest control the whole kitchen gets wrapped in plastic and this clearly was not the case. 

Finally, last night I placed my order from GrubHub as the restaurant has a stack of their business cards out to take, advertising $5 off your first online order. I go to the restaurant at the time the website said the order was to be ready. The girls behind the register gave me SO much attitude saying they didn't get my order. I told them I placed it 20 minutes ago and already paid online. One finally came back and said the prices online are out of date which I told her was not my problem. Don't advertise to order online then, in my opinion. They FINALLY got my order together and were at this point pretty much throwing things in the bag. 

It is such a shame that these people have been given jobs at what was once a great establishment. My very first experiences were so very positive and the owner/s and staff were always so friendly and upsold in a enticing way. I am guessing there has been a change in ownership and definitely management. So sad...
From New Orleans and I love this place.  I haven't had anything bad yet. Pretty sure I ordered everything on the menu already.
The food here is really good. I am from Georgia, so I was thrilled to find a good chicken and shrimp place in Phoenix. 

The problem is the customer service. The employees gather at a table near the soda machine and do not bother to assist in anything. There is so much attitude that it makes you wonder whether they want customers in their shop or not. The manager is nice - but clearly does not know how to control his staff. 

I want to like this place, I want to LOVE this place - we host dozens of events a year and I would love to trust them with catering orders, but for now - I will stick with the places that want me as a customer. 

Sorry - this is a missed opportunity, the food is great, but we will not be back
I love the food. It was one of my favorite spots. The location off Thomas, off 40th street. But now there is new people that work that work there, and their customer service is beyond horrible. Because of the one female that works there and the way she treat me and my family, I wont return there. They need to bring back the old crew
The Short:
Southern fried spicy chicken finds a home in the desert. 

The Pros:
- Quality ingredients.
- Just the right level of spice.
- Great variety of sides. 
- Waffles!
- You can't have waffles without warm syrup! 

The Cons:
- Lack of bargain meal deals.
- Service appears disengaged at times.

Spice Level:
The chicken's breading contains a subtlety warm paprika based flavor that hits its fiery peak during the aftertaste. Suitable for almost all spice affinities. 

____________________________________________

The Story:

I must admit, I have a soft spot for fried chicken. In a bucket resting on top my stomach (badum tish). 

All joking aside, I have been a fan of Louisiana Fried Chicken (LFC) since discovering its now closed location in southern Phoenix years ago. So, like the buffalo herd moving onto greener pastures, the other LFC junkies and I must now venture to the Thomas Road location. 

There are some advantages to this. While the new locale can be a bit of a drive for those scattered throughout the Phoenix area, it's an overall nicer venue. That being said, the interior doesn't standout that much from your average fast-food dining room. It's clean but uncomfortable seating is enough to get the job done. Much more than its now deceased Thomas Road brother. 

What makes LFC stand out is the food. Everything is expertly crafted in unison. The sweetness of the waffles and syrup complement the spice of the fired chicken and the salty-sweet fries accent the simple flavors of the green beans. Wash it all down with a soda pop and your addicted. 

The chicken's breading contains a subtlety warm paprika based flavor that hits its fiery peak during the aftertaste. Suitable for almost all spice affinities. In many ways, this is my favorite aspect of LFC. I often find myself at odds with friends over where to eat due to my love of spicy food. The smoothness of the ingredients in LFC's culinary ventures make this less of an issue.

This isn't a restaurant dedicated to forging an image that matches the connotations associated with the food it serves. It doesn't try to pander to any particular crowd. It's a simple restaurant with a simple goal and because of such can be off-putting to some. 

My largest complaint is placed largely with the customer service staff. While adequate a majority of time, they rarely aim to surpass expectations. This continued annoyance is what led to the 4-star rating as apposed to a five.

Overall, it's a quality friend chicken shack in a town that has a tendency to lack this loved American pastime. 

Check it out, write a review, and friend me on Yelp!!!
Tried this place for lunch with a co-worker.  Good fried chicken with nice flavor and crispness.  Would have rated 5 stars but the chicken portions were a little smallish.  I read the reviews about bad service but I can honestly say that our service experience was pretty good.  Definitely gong back!
I called in and placed an order. The lady was abrupt and unfriendly. 
the food was GOOD. The fish and chicken portions are small. Cook and the person bagging my food were friendly but the cashier lacked any customer service skills at all.
There's a reason why some places are on Check Please Arizona (Lo Lo's) and others are on Groupon.

The sad thing is that I think this place is not far off from being REALLY good.  The interior is nicely designed, but it could really use a good clean.

The girl at the counter was not exactly the friendliest.  I think she has lost her passion for the work.

The food was painfully average.  The chicken could have been crispier on the outside and juicier on the inside.  The waffle was pretty bad.  I think they just put pancake batter in a waffle iron (which is what I think Lo Lo's does too, and it drives me crazy).  The mac and cheese was pretty decent.

The other weird thing is that they have signs outside that mentions all sorts of dishes that they do not mention on the menu indoors.  WTH?

Really though - if they could do the chicken better (it's not rocket science - there are plenty of places across the country that manage to do a decent friend chicken) and tidy up the place a bit, they could be well on their way to having an outstanding place.
I tried out Louisiana Chicken after I saw a groupon deal and bought it.  I had passed the restaurant several times, but never made it in.  Much to my surprise to chicken is by far the best I have ever had.  It was crispy piping hot and juicy inside.  The service was very very good also.  I have been there twice and the same man took our order at the counter both times.  His name was "Q" and he was very friendly, knowledgeable and had some great suggestions.  Definitely an asset to the company. I would want him working for me, because he is so customer service oriented.  You just don't see that nowadays.  It is the exception and I appreciate it.  

Ok here is why I don't give them 5 stars and I mean this as constructive criticism because I really like the place.  I just don't know if I would bring a business associate with me or have a team lunch there.  Here goes.

Water glasses were way too small.  about 4 ounces.

plastic dinnerware was too cheap and flimsy.  the chicken was actually melting the fork.
stools and chairs were very uncomfortable.  Tables were cheap and wobbly.

Restaurant was too hot inside.  Turn up the AC.

The décor was nice enough but a little dingy.  Looks like they run the operation a person short so I can't fault the help.  They were very busy.  I did stop by after the lunch rush each day so that could be it too.  

To leave this on a positive note.  I would shore up some of these details and I believe the place would attract a lot more people or return business.  I would definitely use them to cater an event.  They offer discounts for volume..  One other thing.  The hot sauce is to die for.  Everyone else must think that because they are having trouble keep the plastic bottles in the store due to theft.

Thanks for the great food and service I will be back.
I happened to find this place on its opening night in Vegas. The staff are exceptionally friendly, from the host at the front door to the bartender and other waitstaff. Felt right at home for this Mississippi-born girl. I ordered a bowl of the gumbo and was greeted by a wide bowl with two perfect mounds of rice surrounded by delicious sausage and shrimp gumbo. Spicy, but not too much for me. I also had a Delta Sunset margarita, which has a bit of a raspberry taste. Tasty! The drink is mixed right in front of you if you sit at the bar. There's great decor from old license plates, film stills from the movie Forrest Gump, and other reminders of Southern culture. Also, a gift shop on the lower level with elevator access to the restaurant for those who cannot walk up the stairs. Smiles all around!
Go for the food and service...stay and drink looking at the incredible view.  Bubba's is a casual dinning experience with a Five Star view adding the feel of a very special experience.  My Cocount Shrimp could not have been better and my husband ate every piece of his Gumbo.  He said the spice kick was just the right amount.  When the dish came and he saw how much was there he thought he could never finish -- but kept playing the "just one more taste" until it was all gone!
First time at Bubba Gumps and it was quite an experience. I really enjoyed it, surprisingly. They have a ton of chachski on the walls.. You never know quite where to look but the staff is exceptional. We had a small wait and to keep the patrons from getting antsy they quiz you on Forrest Gump trivia. I'm a quiz/puzzle person so personally I had a bunch of fun. 
I felt their pricing was a bit over charged but its on the heart of the strip so its too be expected but otherwise.. all was good.. If they had a more convenient location I could see myself as a local going more. The food wasn't bad not was it exceptional so it isn't a restaurant I would go out of my way for but if im in the area again, i'd go back...
Went there on a Saturday @ 11:30 a.m or so. So it was good I beat the crowds.

The first thing I noticed was the smell and look of a new building, thats always a plus. They have plenty of space there and the design worked with the location hovering over the strip. The interior stayed true to the theme of the restaurant.

We had a great waitress, I forgot her name but it was evident she enjoyed her job and was truly happy to work there. 

The gumbo, EXCELLENT. Even the waitress said "Bet you wish you ordered the large". LOL. I had the cup. Beautiful arrangement and quite a bit of sausage and fish. I destroyed it in about 5 minutes. I recommend anyone reading this to try it. 

Had the seafood feast, The fish and shrimp, very tasty. Light and with flavor and not that heavy grease aftertaste as you would have in some places. Seasoned just right. Now some would say that it didn't have enough seasoning to the batter but I think it is just enough to where you don't overwhelm the taste of the actual fish and shrimp.  Try it. I would recommend trying every incarnation of shrimp they serve. I have my sites set on the Shrimpers feast next..

Cloe slaw- cut fresh as you order it, not drenched in mayo. +5

Only thing the jury is out on, and probably because of my own tastes...the hush puppies. I like the more flavorful ones,like at Long John Silvers...if you try both you'll know what I mean. But not work deducting a star, When your main course is good, who cares about the side piece. 


My biggest endorsement is that Gumbo, TRY it....You wont be disappointing. Well done Bubba!
Food was good. Service was good. But food was a bit pricey.
This restaurant is not open until 1am on Friday as shown here.  The manager said the kitchen closes at 12, so if you are looking for a late night place to eat, go elsewhere.  I told the employees at the front about it being advertised on the web site as being open until 1am and they said "We have a web site?"  Stupid is as stupid does!!!
I worked at the Bubba Gump in Kailua Kona, HI; so I have been in love ever since and was Extremely happy they opened one in Las Vegas, NV. So my husband and I went for dinner on Friday evening. 

Location:  Is perfect if you ask me, the outside balcony seating that over looks the strip is great. They have the same Forrest Gump memorabilia everywhere. Only thing I didn't like was the entrance to (well all the people), you get to the front where there is a booth and the hostess radios how many (fine) they direct you through the gift shop up the stair (OK) there is a guy that tells you to enjoy your meal at the bottom of the stairs (nice) then you get to the top of the stairs where a person then tells you to follow the yellow smiley faces to another set of hostess. (at that point too much) which from there you are finally seated. I think they should have the booth out front and then one at the top of the stairs. 

Food & Service: Our server was amazing and very nice, while we waited they did the traditional trivia of the movie Forrest Gump. The food we got the Crab Stuffed Mushrooms for an appetizer, they were good but the pan was hotter than the inside of my crab. It was tasty but could have been better, next time we'll get something different. I got the Jambalaya (which the server tells me its the spiciest thing on the menu) of course I'm like that's fine (thinking everyone has their own version of spicy) it was spicy but it wasn't too hot where I couldn't eat it; YUMMY! I wanted the Gumbo but didn't see it on the menu and over heard another waitress say they didn't have it. My husband got the Accidental Fish and Shrimp (the fish is Mahi Mahi) it was delicious as well, the fish was cooked perfectly. We ended up splitting each others dishes (half and half) that's how good both were.  

All in all very pleased with the experience and would come back, I only gave it three stars because I really wanted that Gumbo, the Entry felt like I was preparing to go on a ride, and I guess the food wasn't exactly how I remember from Hawaii.
This is my favorite theme restaurant everywhere- been to the Oahu (the most visited one), Maui, Anaheim, and San Francisco locations, and finally here! I was wondering when one of these would come to town- what took so long?! I'm a Landry Select Club member, so I can easily rack up more points for rewards (spend $250, get $25 in card credit). 

This one is located next to the Miracle Mile Shops, so here are your options: park at Valet at Todai or park at the Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops parking garage- enter the shopping center but exit out of the Todai side, and take the escalators or in our case, the elevator- we're parents now, so we're pushing a stroller. From here, a host will direct you. You will go through the store, into the elevator and up to the 3rd floor. From here, the host will seat you. It wasn't that busy, for lunch on a saturday, but then again, it's still new. 

New, clean, featuring memorabilia from the movie, seems a little smaller compared to the other locations, but the ambiance feature is this one is overlooking the popular Strip. There were some patrons outside, but it was too cold for us, plus, our two-month old baby. There were some tables  with chairs and booths (the booth was too small for us- we had a stroller). I can't comment on the bathrooms since I didn't leave the table. 

On to the food, the "Run Across America Sampler"- hush puppies, artichoke dip and chips, spicy chicken, fried shrimp, and peel 'n eat shrimp, is our absolute favorite. The price was $15.99, slightly higher than the last time but maybe the prices have gone up since then (last year- Oahu). This one never disappoints- we always split it. My husband really loves the hush puppies, it's his favorite. Mine is probably the chicken. I got the strawberry speckled lemonade at $5.99- refills are 99 cents. (Similar to Red Robin's lemonade.) The Ice Cream Caramel Spice Cake was phenomenal! This was $8.99, but well worth it. We've had the other ones in the past-  the bread pudding, strawberry shortcake, and the cookie sundae, but this one is specific to Las Vegas- it's new. I'm pretty sure we are getting this dessert again. It seems like a seasonal flavor combination, but really, you could have this all-year round. The server was really nice, and the service was pretty good, too. We got to ask the server questions about the movie. The manager stopped by to see how we were doing. He even changed out my wobbly chair. 

My husband thinks that this takes away from when we go out of town, because we always include this place in our must-haves/must-eats, but I really like that it is finally here, where we live. I hope that this place does well. Las Vegas and certain restaurants do not always mesh (except mexican restaurants seem to pop up when space opens up). And I intend on getting a shirt at some point, even though I live here. We were pretty stuffed and needed to walk around the mall to get a little more comfortable.
I stopped by this relatively new place on The Strip today after lunch because I had a business meeting nearby. I was shocked at how the interior space is utilized so well on The Strip in this location at the corner of Harmon Avenue. The entire place conveys a fun and engaging theme. 

The view of The Strip from the outdoor balcony is sufficiently impressive to warrant your dining or drinking here just for that experience.

I had New Orleans Shrimp and a dark beer I'd never heard of with a marketing nightmare of a name, Moose Drool Brown Ale. Turns out the beer is excellent in spite of the crazy name, and I will order it again. 

And oh yes, the New Orleans Shrimp was delicious and, to be honest, this dish exceeded my expectations because of the seasoning and presentation. This place comes across as well conceived and executed with smart management and an excellent staff.
Bubba Gump Shrimp has arrived in Vegas! Last Saturday, I arrived on the Strip to dine in Bubba Gump. 

     I have been to Bubba Gump Shrimp as a tourist in New Orleans and Chicago. I had been waiting for the grand opening of their Las Vegas vacation. Last Saturday the wait was over.

    Bubba Gump Shrimp is located in the new mall that opened up on the northeast corner of Las Vegas Boulevard at Harmon Avenue in the shadow of Planet Hollywood. It is a second level tenant with pedestrian traffic from  two strip pedestrian overpasses. Currently it is easy to find because a lady is advertising it to passersby. At the entrance is the menu. I appreciate it when restaurants have the menu at the entrance. I prefer to have an idea of what I want to order before I step inside a restaurant. Once we decided what to order,entered through the edge of the Bubba Gump Shrimp Gift Shop. The woman greeter nicely directed us upstairs. Once upstairs, we were directed to stand on a cue of circles in a waiting area of the restaurant proper. If you have waited to ride on Disney Land's Star Tour's ride, this is a similar arrangement. Inside the restaurant, there is a spectacular view of the Cosmopolitan. When the weather is nice, the balcony seats overlooking the Cosmopolitan is a prime dining spot. The weather was cool and we sat in the general Forest Gump themed dining area.

   If you have never been to Bubba Gump Shrimp, they have a neat gimmick. On the table is a sign that you flip. If you want service, I believe you set it to "Stop Forest" and if you don't need service, I believe you set it to "Run Forest Run." 

  If I was in vacation state of mind, I would of spent $21.99 on the Shrimper's Heaven. I was in a budget state of mind. Bubba Gump Shrimp is a reasonable option if you are on a budget on the Strip. I ordered the Shrimp Po' Boy sandwich with fries and bottomless Coke. After a tip, the dinner came to $22. Not bad!

   I have a minor complaint, which is the waitress up selling a restaurant card. When the waitress sat next to us, my instinct was that she was not a die hard Forest Gump fan that wanted to share with the world that Forest Gump played football and that he was from Alabama. When I am eating out, I do not care if Forest Gump was wearing no sneakers in a scene or that football was a sport he played. I want to relax! By the time I am eating I have passed enough people in the hotels trying to sell me time shares. Fast forward to when we were walking out, they were advertising sales at the gift shop. In other respects, the waitresses were friendly and served with an urgency.

   Most likely I will return to Bubba Gump. If I am in a tourist state of mind, I will relive my past vacations with Bubba Gump's Shrimper's Heaven.
Let me preface this by saying  I DON'T LIKE SEAFOOD. I wish i was so enamored with it that I could destroy a bucket of shrimp and be happy about it, but I cain't. 

I just cain't.

Okay -- now that that's done, I can confidently tell you that the solid 3 stars is only based on the service. The food left a bit to be desired. WIth all of the seafood buffet opportunities, I think that this BG cannot afford mediocrity. 

We were greeted on the first floor by the hostess, who ushered us into the store and up the stairs. There was a short wait, then we were seated. I can imagine this place when it's busy, and I definitely do NOT want to be waiting on the stairs, my man. 

Our waitress was entertaining and gregarious. She was also very attentive to our table and got us whatever we needed, which was nice. 


My friend had the fish and chips. The chips were good. Not many places can ruin fries - no worries there. But the "fish?" Boo. WAAAAAAAAAAAY too much breading, she could barely find the meat!

Fun fact: you tell the waitstaff that you need help by flipping over the license plate signs to the RED side. This lets your waiter know that you are ready for service or you have a concern/question. They'll tell you that, " you're in the drivers' seat." 

I see what they did there. 


I got the burger. It was really good, but nothing spectacular. It kept well, but I was not too happy about the price tag. I believe there was only one option for a burger, so I was sour that I felt overcharged to add cheese to the burger. 

And what is a burger without cheese? WHAT. IS IT?

The outside seating looked pretty appealing, but it was definitely chilly considering the temperature had dipped down into the 50s. and for the desert during midday, that was a little too CRISPin Glover for me. 


If you know you're about to get the chili's rate seafood experience, then you will not be dissapointed. As my friend pointed out, she would have liked more fish with her breading. From what I saw her pick off, it was an accurate assessment of the FISHuation. 


...that kind of worked.
My momma always said, "Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."

Well, no... actually Forrest Gump said that. MY momma always said, "For God's sake, Ryan, why can't you put down that Nintendo controller and play outside with the rest of the NORMAL kids? And what the hell are you wearing all that TINFOIL on your head for?"

No, Forrest Gump was the one who talked about chocolates, and Bubba always talked about shrimp, hence, we now have the chain of the Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. restaurants. They're all over in touristy spots, and the Seestur raves about the one in Anaheim in Gardenwalk. She even sports the sweatshirt proudly. This from a girl who would practically retch if she even got near seafood.

So boy, howdy, was I excited to see that there was going to be a Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. on the Las Vegas Strip. So excited, that I didn't even care it was located mere steps from the horrifying (to me) Goretorium. I was going to brave the danger and go to Bubba Gump, and if one of the evil scary monsters from Goretorium and/or one of the sleazy porno-card giver-outers on the corner of Harmon and the Strip came after me, well, by God I would buy fresh boxers from the Bubba Gump store.

If life is like a box of chocolates, I should have tried poking the bottom of the candies before coming here. I got stuck with that one everyone else dodges. You know, the one with the pink cream-ish center that's supposedly cherry or raspberry but tastes more like Pepto Bismol.

Las Vegans hardly need a reason to celebrate but we find them anyway, and as I had just been unceremoniously and hurriedly booted out the door by my former employer, ironically who stood across the street from Harmon Corner and rhymed with "Bosmopolitan," I decided to have a little "New Beginnings/I Got Fired" dinner at Bubba Gump's.

Figuring I was the last one there (as I usually am) and not wanting a demon to jump out of the Goretorium and eat my soul, I asked one of the store clerks, "So... I'm in the store... but where's the restaurant?" She smiled and directed me up the stairs toward the back of the store. A sign or something would have been nice.

I headed up the stairs, where I was actually first, gathered the party, and we were seated. They explained the license plates on the table that say "Run, Forrest, Run!" and "Stop, Forrest, Stop!" which I thought was a cute touch.

The crew was stellar. Our main waitress was super bubbly and thrilled when she heard we were all locals (like, apparently they had not been frequenting the place... what a shock no locals on the Strip). She was very attentive to our needs, to the point where we never really needed our "Run/Stop" plates on our table. She even regaled us with ghost stories in nearby mining towns. So despite whatever else I say in this review, the staff was great and should be commended.

And with that being said... well... 

We started with a round of drinks. Since it was my firing party, I was ready for something nice and strong, so I went with Bubba's Blue Hawaiian: vodka, rum, gin, Blue Curacao, pineapple juice and Sierra Mist, yes, please, come to DADDY! The menu says $8.99, but don't be fooled! That doesn't include your collectible Bubba Gump glass, so you're more looking at $13. You have to specifically ask to NOT get the collectible glass, whereas I think it should be the other way around. But the drink was pretty good. Not quite an AMF, so it won't belt you on your ass, but not a totally tame drink either.

Dinner came around, and I have to say I was gravely disappointed with my dinner.  I got the Shrimper's Heaven, which along with french fries came with Fried Shrimp, "Chilly Shrimp," Coconut Shrimp, and Shrimp Tempura, along with three sauces: Asian, cocktail, and a Cajun sauce that reminded me more of orange marmalade.

I started with the "Chilly Shrimp," which I thought was just going to be cold shrimp like you might find in a shrimp cocktail. No, in fact, that is wrong. "Chilly Shrimp" is Bubba Gump's version of "Peel-n-Eat Shrimp," which means the shrimp is cooked inside its shell. Yes, shrimp have shells, and shrimp have legs, which took that portion of the dinner from "tasty seafood morsel" to "creature that used to be alive, probably leaving behind a family he supported and a shrimp company job that will have to do some PR work to explain his disappearance and he was probably named Charles." I can't eat things that could probably be named Charles. So there's a quarter of the dinner shot down.

The rest was tolerable. The coconut shrimp and fried shrimp were kind of dry, but the shrimp tempura was fine.

What wasn't fine was the bill: for JUST that and the drink, after gratuity I was paying $55 BY MYSELF. People, I just got fired! Just because I was paid out my vacation pay doesn't mean I need to be spending it all on dinner! I'll stick with Lazy Joe's for some good, affordable shrimp from now on.

I guess stupid really is as stupid does.
Ok so! It was my brother in laws 30th birthday and I had never been to this restaurant and was so excited to try it! It was freezing cold outside and the strip was so so busy! It took us forever to find a parking spot which is fine we grew up here in Vegas so we are used to it but then walking through the entire casino/strip in the freezing cold it took us a good 45 minutes to locate the restaurant from the car. We were so incredibly excited when we saw the sign and realized that we were so close to some yummy shrimp and I was so excited to try this restaurant that everyone raves about, although it wasn't on a pier I was still super excited. The restaurant was due to close at 1am and we got there at 12:25, we had called earlier that day and asked if getting there by 12:30 would be okay because my husbands shift was not over until 11:30. We got there and the greeters immediately. with no smile at all, said we are closed. I actually laughed because I thought she was joking when she said that they were closed. Her face did not change so I know she was serious and we had just wasted all of our time, I asked her I thought you guys don't close until 1? and we even called and whoever we spoke with said it would be fine. She said "yeah we decided to close early tonight" She literally looked satisfied with disappointing me. I work in customer service and this is not okay. You are a business, and at that a BRAND NEW business on the strip! You cant just decided to close early unless an emergency and she said nothing of the sort. I really just couldn't believe that had just happened. Disappointed and doing everything possible to keep my mouth shut and keep my anger inside, we just walked away. There was also a gentlemen there too and he said "Come back and see us again soon" and again I laughed! I had such a ad experience that I honestly would rather drive 5 hours to the one in Santa Monica then go to this one!
Ok Ok, at first I was bummed about going to a "chain" restaurant in Vegas but I was wrong, it was pretty darn awesome!

I'm a tourist, I bought the Las Vegas Bubba Gump glass my drink came in, it came with a plastic cocktail shaker too!

Ok, onto the food

Fries were Awesome, with the sauces. The Calamari lil soggy.
Shrimp Gumbo, Yum!
Seafood Paella, Wow! Delicious! PACKED with seafood and packed quite a punch! Spicy! But not too spicy so you can't taste, but pretty close, Mmm! Loved it!

And that drink everyone talked about - Great! Bit sweet but that's to be expected, it's a fruity frozen cocktail. I don't know if I'd run back here given all the other choices in Vegas on and off strip, but i would definitely not be disappointed if this was the chosen dinner venue again.
Great location, glad this place is finally open.

As a single diner, I sat at the bar.  I ordered a shrimp po boy with the fries.  This sandwich was huge.  In fact, the sandwich was served open faced as it was so large. The shrimp is deep fried and good, though not great.  Could use some southern seasoning. The fries are just typical.  I figured, if I am going to get full eating this meal, I am taking down the sandwich and avoiding the fries. Glad I did, I was stuffed by the time I finished the sandwich.

My waiter/bartender was Korey. Very nice guy. Good service and friendly. After my meal, I took a walk around the restaurant.  Great decor of Forrest Gump memorabilia, as in all Bubba Gump restaurants.  Went out to the balcony and there is a nice view of the Strip.
I love Bubba Gump's! I'm originally from California so when I saw that they were opening a location here in Las Vegas, I was stoked. I finally visited over the weekend and my first visit to this location was great! At first we sat down at a table in the inside but we had been walking around prior to coming in so we felt too warm, we asked if we could be moved outside and without any hesitation, they said yes! The view is gorgeous from outside! All our food was delicious, I got Lt. Dan's Drunken Shrimp, it was seasoned just right! On the plus, I got a free Shaker with my drink purchase! I highly recommend them, our server was very attentive and everyone was friendly as well.
Nice to see this restaurant make its way to Vegas. I have never been to one so I ventured in here during lunch over the weekend. As expected, since it is located on the second/third floor of Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops, the location gets great foot traffic from people on the strip or those coming from the bridge from the Cosmopolitan or Crystals/Aria. The retail store has all sorts of neat shirts, accessories and souvenirs and you have to go up the stairs to access the restaurant section. My eye caught the Stupid is as Stupid Does Shirt!

Since I was on a lunch break I did not take long and went to the bar. 

The only TVs I saw were at the bar and I did not see any in the regular dining area so I for now, I do not believe this is a good spot to try to catch any game; only come for the fish and shrimp dining!

I asked the bartender's recommendation and went with a cup of Mama Blues Shrimp Gumbo. He explained the gumbo as having worchestire sauce in it with a little kick and I like that sauce in my marinades so I was sold.  Surely enough, there was a little spice but 

The main course I ordered was the accidental fish/shrimp. This was a broiled mahi mahi with jasmine rice, grilled shrimp that came with a side of lemon butter with roma tomatoes. I've had freshly caught mahi mahi in Hawaii so I have a high standard when it comes to this fish. The one they served came very close but not quite that standard. It was a generous portion and came with some shrimp which I thought could have been bigger. 

The price of the meal was kind of high as well but that's what's expected from restaurants on the Vegas strip. This was a great experience and hopefully I'll buddy up with one of the staff there to come back in and get a discounted hookup. lol.
Yay i'm a fan is true. We were delighted to try this place was little taken back by the name didn't think the food would be great but it was. I am glad I loss the coin toss and ended up here.
Get the spicy jambalaya! And shrimp Mac and Cheese! Melt in your mouth delish!
Loved this place.  Had dinner here before a show we were seeing at the Aria (which is right across the street).  They do NOT take reservations, do call ahead seating, etc., so I was slightly concerned about getting a table, but since we were willing to sit inside (the outside deck is very popular), we got a table after waiting in line about 10 minutes, so not bad at all for a Vegas night.  Drinks were awesome, service was very good and quick and the food was very tasty.  Was really glad to see a Bubba's in Vegas, and I highly recommend.
I love seafood but I'm usually not a fan of chained restaurants.  This place was good. I had the shrimp scampi.  It was a big portion so I saved some for breakfast.  We also had some type of soup with shrimp, very delicious also.
Glad they finally have one in Vegas!

So when you get to the hostess, they ask you "So what did Jenny tell forest to do? RUN FOREST RUN!" I thought they were going to make us run to our table..So that was uncomfortable, not expecting pop trivia. So after we get seated they explain the stop and go sign to us. Love it, because EVERYONE stops to help, not just waiting on your server..

So server comes back with food and before we get to eat, we have to answer 3 more questions about the movie.. I was a bit annoyed because if you don't know the answer you kinda feel stupid.. even with trick questions like "What was the name of Forest's dog?" He didn't have one..

I think next time, I am going to lie and say I never seen the movie.. Less questions. I am such a party pooper I know. 

Food is what I come for, which is always good. I walked out like I just ate a buffet, which only was the Shrimp mac and cheese lol.
Atmosphere is casual and laid back. The drinks are awesome. I had the New Orleans shrimp-slight metallic taste Andy rice was a bit dry. Also had the hush puppies--not traditional style hush puppies and slightly undercooked. My boyfriend had the jambalaya-it was great. Had the dessert sampler. None of them were up to par. My main detractor was that they wouldn't seat us until our entire party arrived-even though we were ordering drinks and appetizers. I still give them 3 stars for the atmosphere and drinks. But food left a little to be desired. Oh and the sun was in my eyes the entire time.
Ok... The shrimp and fries were ok but the fish was not cooked all the way. The batter that they used wasn't even done all the way. The hush puppies were rather Interesting because they had corn and shrimp in the middle of them. It's was new for me and it was great. The service was outstanding because they had a License plate on the table that indicated run forest run, for the waiter to know that we didn't need anything. The other plate indicated stop forest stop for the waiter to stop at the table to see what we wanted.  Overall, I should of found a chicken joint to go to in Vegas. I would of spent less and and been  more happier. That meal I got with two soft drink was 30 bucks. I  Took a financial hit going here.
Ok this place is ok, just ok. The food is fine and the servers are very friendly. So here is what happened, the last tin=me I was there, there was a table of people clearly from their corporate office. All the staff were falling all over each other to wait on them hand and foot. The problem was that it was at the expense of the paying customers! (Yes I know all about the Stop Forest Thing) know let me be clear, I put the blame on the corporate people for fostering a culture where the staff felt they had to act like that. If the corporate people were there to check out the restaurant they should have lifted their heads out of their plates for 2 seconds and view the sight of all of the servers at their table and nowhere else. So stop there if you must but if you see a large table full of people with the entire wait staff around them: Run Forest Run! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Greeted with a smile and seated immediately with no reservation. Good drinks, great good. Fun atmosphere.
Overall the food was really good, I was impressed with the food, even though it was pricey. But your in Vegas you have got to eat good food and that costs $$$. Waitress was friendly.
Good food. Horrible service.
I've experienced Bubba Gumps once before coming to this one. When I heard Planet Hollywood was opening one I couldn't contain myself. The first thing you have when you enter is a souvenir shop which makes sense since there are a ton of tourists wandering the streets. you have to go upstairs to go to the actual restaurant. The walls are covered in Forest Gump memorabilia which makes it dangerous as you're walking up the stairs if you can't multi task.

Once we made it to the top the host asked whether we wanted to be seated inside, outside or at the bar. We chose outside and glad we did the view is AWESOME! Fast forward to ordering our food; our waiter was very helpful with explaining anything we had questions about and even offered suggestions. Most of the best tasting drinks come with a souvenir cup.

 We ordered a bucket of shrimp, half Cajun half garlic & butter, they dumped it out on a giant platter so you can grub away. Be careful though it can get messy. We also ordered lobster stuffed shrimp on top of jasmine rice. It was very oily but when something is smothered in butter what can you expect. It mixed well with the rice. Couldn't finish everything so we took a to go box and our souvenir cups all for $75. A bit expensive but i'm sure it would have been cheaper without the cups. Overall great service, food and great time.
Food and service - 5/5 !
Overpriced !
Had this restaurant bookmarked for some time now so we finally tried it for dinner last night.

Location - great view, but horrible to get to.  It is quite a far walk no matter where you are coming from.  You can either park in the garage in Miracle Mile shops, park across the street at Harley Davidson cafe (for a small price), or park at the Cosmopolitan and walk across the bridge.  The views, if you are sitting outdoors, is awesome!  The location is overlooking right in the middle of Harmon and LV blvd. which has the views of City Center and The Cosmopolitan.

Restaurant - Forrest Gump themed.  If you are a fan of the movie, you will appreciate the memorabilia all over the walls.  First floor is the retail area, Second floor is the actual restaurant.

Food - Overly priced small portions type of meals (what one should expect of a strip restaurant).  My boyfriend ordered 2 of what our server recommended which was the Georgia Sweet Tea (alcoholic drink) and the Shrimp New Orleans.  I ordered Lt. Dan's Drunken Shrimp.  I loved the sweet tea drink (again, it was a steep price for a small drink).  I didn't care for the sauce on the Shrimp New Orleans dish (even though the server raved about it).  All that matters is my boyfriend liked it.  The Lt. Dan's Drunken Shrimp dish was nothing out of the ordinary.  It was shrimp, sausage, mashed potatoes which shoestring chips on top.  I probably could have made this myself if I made the effort to.

Staff - friendly and attentive, but then again the restaurant wasn't that busy yet.  We did get a free glass at the end of our meal.  I didn't really catch the reason why, but I think it's because of the drink we ordered.

Honestly, I don't know if I can recommend this place mainly because of the price.  But if you are like me who has to try it just to say you tried it, live the experience..!
The food, service, and drinks were great! I loved the dish, Jenny's catch- the lobster sauce was out of this world and tilapia didn't taste fishy at all! The dish was recommended by the waitress whom was really nice to us as well! Great place on the strip! Has outdoor eating as well.
Crab legs were terrible. Poor flavor, probably undercooked.

Server did three high pressure sales pitches on buying a BG club card for $25. Worse than buying a used car. Totally inappropriate. Obviously s cash reward for her on selling them.

Will definitely NEVER return.
Love the food and the sexy service, i will total be eatting here again when i come back to Vegas
We went here for dinner as the sun was setting. We sat outside against the rail and had a pretty decent view of the strip as the lights were just starting to come on. I got the delicious shrimp heaven dish and I must of gotten and 30 shrimp (coconut, fried, tempura battered, shrimp cocktail, and fries)  I especially loved the coconut shrimp. We ordered the lava flow drinks in fun light up glasses which made for some fun pictures. Very good drinks, but way overpriced. The waitress even asked us some Forest Gump Trivia which just added to the experience. It's right next to the balcony of the goretorium bar and we saw some zombies taking a smoke break! Great time!
From the outside it looks like is a great place to eat and dine at but in reality it was not all that great, overrated. Horrible customer service took about 20 minutes to get our table some drinks. Many employees walking around and was never asked if everything was ok or to take our order and took about another 30- 45 minutes to finally get our food. Definitely not going back to Bubbas when I go to Vegas again.

Oh and did I mention the forks were dirty?. had to ask for CLEAN set of utensils smh
I had the best experience at Bubba Gumps with some of my friends!!! The food was amazing and the drinks were great!!! It's not cheap but the experience makes up for it! 

We had an amazing server (Lexi PLEASE request her!!!) and she made us feel so welcomed!!! I'm living in Vegas and this place was very comforting!!! The view of you are by the window is great and the Forrest Gump trivia is hilarious!!! I loved it here and will definitely go here again!! Especially if Lexi is there!!! :-D
Had a terrible experience at this place.  Prices are expected for strip... not extremely high.   First of all, I am the Front Office Manager of a major hotel.  I know service.  Our server was pretty good although our water stayed empty once we consumed.  Our issue was that someone from the kitchen delivered our two appetizers to the wrong table.  40 minutes later we asked where they were and they put this information together.   The manager came over and apologized for the delay and said he would personally bring them out when they were ready.  Not sure what that was supposed to do for us but he didn't personally bring them out anyway.   We decided not to order entrees after that debacle.  Our total bill was $74 (had 3 drinks, no biggie).  Asked manager to comp part of the bill for having to wait so long.  He told me, "I really can't do much for you, maybe a buck or two."  A buck or two?   Good service, bud.  Why would I go back to Bubba Gump?
I was first introduced to this restaurant back in 2005 in Cali. Glad they finally made their way to Vegas. Bubba Gump Shrimp Co is located ON THE STRIP. Tourist central. Nothing wrong witth that. But just be warned of the strip traffic especially if you go during peak hours.

Everytime I go to Bubba Gump, I ALWAYS...and I repeat, ALWAYS get the SAME appetizer and the SAME entree. 
For the appetizer I get the Cajun Shrimp. Let me tell you, THAT stuff is delicious!!!!!! The spices, the dipping oil, the garlic bread that comes with it....ohhh man. Excuse my TMI but it's like an orgasm in the mouth!!!!!!! 
For my entree, I get the Shrimp Scampi pasta. The sauce is light yet flavorful. The bowl is big enough for me to have leftovers for the next day.

Welcome to Vegas, Bubba Gump!
I wish I could review the food but since we could not get anyone to wait on us ( not even water ) I cannot. I will say that when I told the hostess others had been visited by their wait staff two and three times since we were seated she was unable to get anyone to take our table. I think we were in the middle the wait staff squabble and we were the recipients. Can we give a restaurant a negative number?
We were shown to our table and after about 15 minutes without being waited on at all (and asking a nearby employee if they could find us our waiter or bring some water) we left.
Bubba gumps based on the movie Forest Gump, later the waiter quizzed me on how many Dr Peppers Forest drank, he said 15, theres also a Dr Pepper sign on the restaurant wall, prior to all that I asked for a Dr Pepper, waiter said they "dont have Dr Pepper"...  WHAT THE??  ...no Mr Pibb either...
Very fun and delicious place on the Vegas strip that will forever remind me of my wife and I's first day in Las Vegas.

The shrimp is the best I've ever had and they make it many different creative ways. You might think it's just a seafood place, but you're wrong. 

A fun family atmosphere for a casual price. They have surprise trivia mixed in and the staff is fun. Awesome vacation stop for a family or couple.
Incredible experience! I absolutely adore all the detailed decor!! The mason jars were the coolest souvenir ever in addition you can receive a new cup in exchange for your used one when exiting the resturant! The food was okay and the service was excellent! Highly recommend for a dining experience! Thanks Abby for all your recommendations and personalizing our experience! 8/20/13
Themed based on the movie Forrest Gump, this restaurant serves up delicious seafood and other entrees. Once discovered, my family must come to this place every time they visit Vegas. The employees are great and the food comes quick and always looks delicious. You can order shrimp by the pound and they also have specialty drinks. They also have some great non-seafood entrees if you're like me and are just along for the ride with friends and family. Overall we enjoyed ourselves and would definitely be coming back.
I was fooled to think that this place is just for tourists. I was so wrong! If my German cousin wasn't visiting Vegas with me I'd never step into a Bubba Gump. But man I missed out!

The restaurant is very themed and staff is friendly. Now their food - definitely exceeded my expectations!

Of course we have scampi - one of the best scampi dish I've tried in my life. And I've been to 12 counties in the world including Italy.

Jenny's Catch - the tilapia melts in your mouth! The butter sauce is so (fat) but good! With some spinach and mashed potato to top it off.

Gumbo - the only thing I didn't like at this dinner. Strangely this is one of their customer-favorites. Just isn't for me I guess.
Bubba Gumps is one of my favorite seafood restaurants in Vegas if I want something on the strip with friends.  I love, LOVE, love shrimp and can't get enough of it here.  

The casual environment is great for a lunch spot and I've even came here just for apps and drinks.  In addition to seafood, they have a great variety of salads, deserts, and awesome style baby back ribs.  


My favorite is just the traditional margarita and they will even hand-shake it right at your seat. Bonus :)
Welcome to Vegas Bubba! This now means 2 things, I can no longer eat you in Cali, because it's against the rules being that you're an official Vegas restaurant now. Second, you decorated well, but maybe you should have stayed in Cali. I liked you better there. 
I was super hyped up when I heard the news that my city was getting a Bubba Gump. I have dined at both the Santa Monica and Anaheim locations in the past and always loved it. Fried Chicken, shrimp bloody marys, and cajun shrimp. YUMMMMM!
My boyfriend and I waited to go with our friends Mario and Sonya. They were always who we went with in Cali so it just made sense that we check out the new location together. I am in there looking like a tourist. It is set up so you enter through a gift shop, go up stairs and wait for a hostess. It looks just like all the other locations with great Forrest Gump decor. Everyone was super welcoming and friendly. 5 stars for service all around. Again as a tourist I asked to sit on the patio. It was about 9:30pm so the heat was dying down. We ordered a sampler appetizer that came with seafood hush puppies, chicken, fried shrimp, and shrimp cocktail and a pound of cajun shrimp. To me, the cajun shrimp were the highlight of the entire night. 
Mario and I ordered the bucket of trash which is a little of everything. Crab, fish, shrimp. It was average. Not amazing but not bad. My boyfriend had fish and chips which he didn't like, and Sonya had fried chicken, which again was average. Disappointed in average fried chicken because I know its above average in Cali. 
Now I understand when going to a seafood restaurant you should expect to pay $20 a plate. Especially on the strip. But oh boy do they rape you on the drinks. $4 sodas and $9 lemonades!?! And they charge for refills?! $160 seemed a little rough for 4 people. But maybe I am just not use to paying attention to the price cuz I am usually on vacation while dining here. But unless its a special occasion or a friend in town, I don't think I will be returning.
What can I say about "Bubba Shrimp Co", we had a good time but the food was just okay, I had never eaten there before and wanted to try it out, it was just okay, nothing to write home about...

I know its a big chain restaurant but I was expecting a little more out of the food...
i am such a HUGE fan of forrest gump! it's one of my all time favorite movies! :]

so this was my first time eating at a bubba gump and i've got to say, i fell in love with the theme. it was so interesting! there were so many signs and there were pictures and newspapers. there were also these adorable little signs that said run forrest run, and stop forrest stop!

the prices are were high but i thought it was fun. my friends and i were sat at such a bright room, and it was spacious and white! i think it was meant to resemble forrest's home since it seemed like it was back in the day. it was decorated with plates and pictures which i thought was extremely cool!

the waitresses were the nicest people i've ever met. they came every time, just to check up on us, which means, drinks all day every day!

anyways, loved the place and i'll come back next time when i go back to vegas!
Delicious!!! Wow what an experience for a shrimp shack.  The food was awesome and fresh, had the shrimp spectacular and it was.  The waiter was super friendly and had a great personality made you feel welcome.  

Really like the idea of flipping sign to show you are ready for stop or go.  Really good cocktails and you get a fee glass with purchase, it is a new one from the store:) 

Atmosphere and noise level were perfect lots and lots if Forrest Gump memorabilia on the was and slogans.  

Recommend to everyone who loves shrimp.
This is my 3rd visit to a Bubba Gump, and my 1st visit to the Vegas location.

First of all, kudos to the servers. They were certainly on point! Everyone helped out each other and were very professional. Thank you for our awesome customer service!

The restaurant is located on the top floor of where the Miracle Mile shops are. Very easy to get to and accessible from the strip. 

Our table of 8 (gratuity already included) placed different orders, but I made out with the cup of gumbo and the Stuffed Shrimp (stuffed with crab). My gumbo was OK. I haven't had a gumbo as good as the gumbo from NOLA unfortunately. 

My shrimp entree ($20) was soooo rich and buttery. WOW, such great flavor! I also tried my Dad's jambalaya and it was spicy! Drink lots of beer!!! I also tried the coconut shrimp, which I enjoyed as well. I had a tempura shrimp and I didn't care for it. There was a weird taste that accompanied it. 

The drinks/cocktails are expensive so expect to pay an arm and a leg for them! I had a Corona and that went well with our savory entrees. We were all so stuffed for dessert. 

Fun place to catch a meal. I love all the Forrest Gump memorabilia!
I just have to say that I have been a big Bubba Gump Shrimp Co fan since the restaurant first started in Monterey, CA.  I have been to locations all over the country, including Hawaii and I have only had one tiny food complaint once in all of those visits

I am so glad they finally have a Las Vegas, NV location and right on the strip is perfect!  I wrote Bubba Gump on their corporate website once a year for five + years begging them to come to Las Vegas....right after they do, I move away LOL!  I guess I better get letter writing again to get them to come to the North West ;)

I just LOVE LOVE everything about the restaurant!!  The food is always great!  The only problem I had this time is that I ordered too much food!!

I will be back over and over!!!!
There are a ton of places to eat in Vegas, Bubba Gump happened to be on our list because they have an outside balcony patio that we could sit at and look over the strip and my sister has never been here before. When we first got here the customer service was fantastic, everyone is smiling as they greet you and show you the way to be seated. After hiking up some stairs and walking for a bit, alas the hostess to seat us! We were sat within 5 minutes and greeted by our waiter. The drinks here are WAY over priced and the food was bleh....... the drinks were very weak and cost us about $16 each for one regular mixed drink in a regular sized glass, a beer was $13...... ouch! The food was very bland and just...... well bleh. No taste, no flavor, no yummy to it at all. I remembered the Bubba Gump in SF being WAY BETTER! Definitely disappointed in this visit. Along with the cheap food and expensive drinks came panic at the end of our meal. I paid with a $100 bill and made sure I told the waitress it was a $100 bill, she brought be back change as if I paid with a $50, then disappeared. After talking to 2 other waiters, they finally found my original waitress and she pulled the rest of my change out of her coin purse, her actual personal coin purse and said "oh im sorry I must have counted that wrong, let me get you change from my tips" its ok to miscount money I understand, but why would you have put it in your personal bag and not in the cash register, and why would you be paying me back in your tips!??? I didn't say keep the change and leave you a large tip..... so why wasn't I given exact change? So that was weird and not fun, the whole dinner was just disappointing, time consuming (for service was super slow) and having to hunt for my money back is just a pain.

Spend your money and time somewhere else!
great service. if you're looking for shrimp this is the spot! Po boy is a solid solid sandwich! shrimp n grits or also excellent.
Great view overlooking the strip way overpriced got two non alcoholic drinks a shrimp cocktail and a side Caesar salad and the bill was $37
I ate there on Wednesday November 6, 2013. I GOT FOOD POISONING. I  had the Jambalya. It would appear the the mixture of food in the Jambalya was not properly stored or prepared. We did have a great server and view. Would never return given that this is the first time in 20 years that I have had food poisoning in a restaurant.
First time here, service was great as soon as we walked in the door. I had the Shrimp and Grits, very very good! Our server Rikki was very nice and attentive. I look forward to coming back.
I do not eat seafood, but my husband does. I'd seen the movie 20 years ago, but didn't really like it. But as a fan of themed restaurants I agreed to try it. 

We got seated right away. Our server was very pleasant.  The "stop and go" sign on the table is a great idea, we utilized it. 

Most of the menu items contain shrimp. But there are a few choices for us non-seafood people. I had the fried chicken. It was good, and plenty.  The total of our meal was a bit pricey, but then most food in Vegas is.
We went here to sit on the balcony over looking the strip. It has a great view!  The food is ok.. The hush puppies are the best I've had. Bubba Gumps is a fun experience but way over priced..We split an appetizer, meal, dessert and 2 beers for $75! It was worth it for the view. I wouldn't go there if you're on a tight budget.
I've been to this particular restaurant before, and enjoyed it. This time was no exception. The hosting staff quickly and easily sat us at a wheelchair accessible table.

Our server, Rafi, was an absolute delight and fun. She and her team were attentive without being obtrusive, and her playful banter just added to a very enjoyable late lunch. 

We look forward to coming again soon.
Hit and miss

First time (12/27) there we had Tabitha as our server. She is fantastic. If you go here, make sure you get in her section. She is attentive without being intrusive. Funny without being obnoxious. Tabitha is the person I would want managing the front of house operations. Tabitha is the server that I'd want to be training and managing the server staff. 

The food was fantastic. The bourbon cream sauce was heavenly. I mean I want to drown in this and then be embalmed in it. The rest of the food lived up to expectations and well worth the price tag. The mac-and-cheese was perfect in every sense of perfection. Creamy, well seasoned, cheesy but not overly so. In short, this was on track to be a five star review. 

Since the food was so good we went the next night (12/28). This is where is falls apart - a generous two stars. 
The bourbon cream sauce went from "to die in" to nasty - tasted like some one added water to a flour paste. The drinks watered down. The rest of the food was cold and not even worthy of being eaten. 

The staff...... downstairs the greeter acted like we were some sort of bother. Upstairs the host/hostess was too busy playing on their intercoms to acknowledge customers standing there waiting to be seated. When we were seated we were put in a vacant part of the restaurant and virtually ignored. We were later moved by one of the servers that thankfully acknowledged our existence. The servers were busy congregating in the back around a laptop or TV laughing and carrying on like there were no customers. The hosts/hostesses were congregated in the front ignoring customers. 

I did receive an e-mail survey about our visit because we have a Landry Card. I received a follow-up phone call from Deborah about my comments. This shows that they are willing to change and always improve the experience. Hence the final 3 star rating.

When we go back to Vegas we will eat here again when Tabitha is working.
On my most recent trip here, the food was good and the same as usual, but it was the service and management that really pissed us off and now I don't know if we will ever return...at least to this location. 

Our server was alright. There was a couple times where we couldn't find her but I'm thinking they were just understaffed that evening; it was during the holidays after all. When we were done with our meal, she seemed a little pushy on getting us to buy desserts even when we told her we were way too full and just wanted the check. She asked us to think about it and she'd come back. What the heck? Why can't you just bring the check? It seemed like she wanted us to give a definite answer of no before she was willing to print the check. Strike one.

When we finally received the check, we attempted to pay with an e-gift card that had $100 loaded on it and our meal was $91 including tax. When she brought the receipt for us to sign, she told us that we couldn't tip with the gift card and that we still had $8 or $9 remaining on the card, awesome...where's the gift card, could we have it back? The server refused and told us it was policy to keep our printed gift cards whether or not there was a remaining balance. WHAT? How does that even make sense? I will never be able to use the remaining balance then! We asked her to make a copy for us but she refused and told us to simply re-print one when we got home...problem is how do you do that when it was a gift and I already deleted the original e-mail?! No other business I've frequented has ever asked to keep a gift card, remaining balance or not without asking first if I wanted it back. She told me this is what her manager told her to do, which didn't really help the situation. I considered not leaving a tip since I just lost 9 bucks but ended up leaving a decent one and decided to take it up with management at a later date since it wasn't her fault and she was just doing what she was instructed to do.

I e-mailed the company about a week later and complained about my remaining balance that was lost because I was unable to get my gift card back and 2 days later received a phone call from one of the managers of the Vegas location. She stated that it was company policy to do this and the server indeed followed protocol. I was really angry and got in a heated argument with the manager about the policy since it doesn't really protect them from anything, while making it super inconvenient for customers and discourages them from buying and using gift cards. It wasn't the 9 bucks that I cared about, but the principle of what was going on that seemed fraudulent to me. I got nowhere with management and she continued to tell me that it was corporate policy. Ok, I guess I'll have to contact them to get more info then.

Then we contacted corporate customer service and was told that this was NOT corporate/company policy in any way, shape or form and that the store was mistaken and they weren't sure why. They ended up sending us a new link to re-print our gift card with the remaining balance and informed us that we would be receiving a phone call apology from the General Manager once they contacted him about the situation.

All in all, Bubba Gump Las Vegas is run by liars and they did nothing but inconvenience my family and then lie to me about it to back up their side of the story. It will take a lot for me to come back here in the furture, if I ever do. Just thinking about it gets me fired up and angry. I really hope they go out of business some day when this all catches up to them!

UPDATE (2/12/14): Well, it's been over a month and still haven't heard from the General Manager of Bubba Gump or received the apology I was promised. Worst customer service of any restaurant chain I've been to! Would never recommend this place to anyone
This place is disgusting! I ordered one of their most popular dishes (shrimp New Orleans)  gross! It had a taste of dirt! I took my family here for their first time in Vegas and honestly I think there are much better places at a  fraction of the price! I was so disappointed and I wasn't the one paying a nearly $200 Bill.
Get the shrimp basket! It is a bit pricey ~$21 but I think you get a good selection of shrimps that they offer. It comes with coconut shrimp, tempura shrimp, cooked cold shrimp, regular fried shrimp, and some French fries. Also, my favorite sauce is the pineapple sweet and sour sauce! Try to ask for more sauce because I felt that you need more. 

I also got the shrimp gumbo for ~$6. It was really spicy and had barely any shrimp. I honestly don't recommend it because it was spicy and hot. 

The place is also on the second floor because the first floor is their gift shop. 

Overall, I feel that most of their food was pricey for shrimp but if you want to taste good cooked shrimp the. Go here! Also, the gift shop is a good souvenir place for tourists!
The shrimp here was average. I went with a healthier option on the menu and did not get my shrimp fried, I got the kabobs. There was nothing special about the dish BUT the shrimp were cooked properly. I would go back here and try something different. Also great decor from Forest Gump!!!
I've been to this particular restaurant a few times and i always seat by the patio, the view is really really beautiful specially at night. I always order the BLT shrimp salad! OMG its soooo yummy!
Our first time at this location. Seated immediately on a Friday night. Very friendly server named Darius. Ask for him. He is fun, attentive & full of Forrest Gump trivia. I tried to stump him but couldn't. I had the jambalaya which was excellent & spicy & just the right size portion.
I loved the theme of this restaurant, as a big fan of the movie Forest Gump I marveled when I walked in and felt I was on the boat they used to capture all those shrimps. 

The service at this restaurant was great and everything we tried at this restaurant was of great quality. 

I'm a big fan of sea food and if you are too ten definitely try this restaurant and get their halibut. We will definitely go back to this place. They all so have a fried combo basket with shrimp and fries which was amazing. As always I added the pics, so try this place and enjoy the fresh sea food, you won't be disappointed.  Also it's not extremely pricey as some of the joint in Vegas can be.
Bubba Gump shrimp is great. They have delicious varities of shrimp. Ribs are delicious, good drinks, friendly staff, great environment. yea buddy.
I had the worst experience ever at this place!!!!!
Service was horrible and the food was not great to make up for it either.
I heard soooooo much about bubba gump shrimp and was always really excited to try it, and finally a group of friends and I did. Sadly the server we had was AWFUL!!!!!!!!! I had never in my life seen anyone hate his "life/job" more than our server, he was talking to us like we were "annoying him" for just being there it was ridicules. He would cut us off in the middle of ordering, and talk to the other waiters around him, and when we asked for recommendations he just simply told us "that it all depends on what you like" in the tone of voice saying (just pick darn it!). 
The food was not great and the portions were SMALLER than expected but the service did not help, it made us just want to get out of there, without even getting a dessert (this pretty much never happens in my book so its serious! lol) 
and when we finally got the bill he asked us to pick up everything off the table put it in the plates and pick it up and hand it to him, (if you ask me, he pretty much made us clear our own table for him! lol and we tipped him after! haha)
overall horrible experience but gave for conversation at dinner and after! lol
Had to send the food back because it was cold, however the manager was extremely helpful.  The Forrest Gump trivia was funny, so brush up on your Forrest Gump trivia.  I didn't realize I know so much about the movie.
Friendly service. Fresh salads. Reasonably priced also. The pear berry salad had awesome raspberry dressing and the coconut shrimp are really good.
Great location in the strip. Very nice food and drink menu. Fantastic dinner for both taste and size. They have a patio with a nice strip view. Well worth the wait and beats the heck out of a buffet  
   Wait staff was friendly, knowledgable  and  attentive. I would go back.
Really good Veggie burger...!! Has cheese on it and in it so it's not Vegan friendly. You get a cup each time you drink a special drink but not all waiters will tell you that. Be ware of the pointy sticks they put in the burgers- they can hurt you before you know it! 
The waiters are coming by a lot to see everything is ok and that's great- they surprise you with a Forset Gump pop quiz that can be nice but only when your not in a Middle of a conversation... Lol 
I invite all my tourist friend here and they love it...!! Highly recommended..!!
I had a great time here.  I took my dad here and it was a lot of fun and the food was excellent too.  The key is to this place, get drunk and eat!
Thank you for giving me and my wife a nice time out in town. I have nothing bad to say. The food was good and sitting on the balcony watching people get crazy in Las Vegas was awesome. Thank you.
Good food! I was visiting Las Vegas with my husband. We went to the place for shrimp. I barely eat shrimp outside, because normally the restaurants don't peel the shrimp shit out......I know the shit is a line on the shrimp back.....when I order their shrimp,surprised me, they cleaned them so well. I was happy about this point! The food is really tasty, the service was good! I would like to recommend this place to my friend;)
Lots of fun , everyone is Friendly, Stephen our server was great. Food is good, fast . Atmosphere lively and upbeat . Lots of young people. Definitely will come again .
For starters the welcoming staff was very  friendly! My server was friendly and attentive as well, the food had good taste nice and fresh, nice presentation. Strawberry lemonade best I've had. I gave it four stars for the friendly attentive service.   I was  also impressed by cleanliness of the restroom. This was the cleanest bathroom I have ever seen in any restaurant, BIG UPS HIGH-FIVES TO THE STAFF AT BUBBLE GUMPS LAS VEGAS STRIP LOCATION...
Giving this 4 stars because my family really enjoyed the food.  We followed the server's recommendations and none of us were disappointed.  My daughter had the fish and my wife shrimp while I had the Jambalaya.  No complaints from anyone.  Service was excellent - we were actually served by a guy named 'Bubba'  :-).  A little of the pricey side though.
My server....Tammy...she was awesome sauce!!!  Her demeanor was pleasant.  She had good recommendations.  The girl who sat us down was nice too.  She made suggestions and I tried it...(I can't remember the dish) but it was good & I was pleased.  I wanted shrimp and that's what I got.

It wasn't busy.  We were seated immediately.  I am pleased w/ my visit.  The manager was funny and kind and when I visit Vegas I'll be back!

I bought stuff from the gift shop downstairs...the tall chocolate guy downstairs....very pleasant as well....I'd buy sweatshirts from him any time...


Bad part - the nasty little greeter outside who was picking her nose and face when we came up and offered us a place to eat??  It made me nervous to go inside...and she needs to put that ponytail up in a net too!!
The Petron margarita was fantastic. Had the steamed shellfish bucket, the meat was a little overdone but the 'broth' was delicious and loved to dunk the garlic bread in it although there were only two small pieces of bread. The butter that was given for dunking purposes didn't really work for me either. Best idea that my wife had was to scoop the rice with an empty mussel shell then scoop some of the delicious steaming liquid.

Bubba Gump's is always an all around great time and I will continue to enjoy each and every visit that I make. Plus a free collectible glass at the end of your meal doesn't hurt.
I ordered the shrimp and grits very attentive staff. My wife had the mahi mahi very tasty
The food is bland, overpriced, and bad service (although our server was sweet) everyone else was rude. I ordered a chicken caesar salad, my husband ordered the shrimp scampi. I didn't taste his food after he said it tasted like the smell of Raid. The chicken in my salad was so bland I had to pour a bunch of salt in it. Not to mention it took them forever to bring out our food.
Bubba's is a decent place to go with decent, Vegas priced fish and burgers.

If you haven't been to one of these chains before, it's worth the visit. They're known not so much for their food but for their Forest Gump themed decor. Every inch of the walls, down to a separate room in the joint wallpapered to look like one in his famous house. They've got a license plate system on the tables, a blue Run Forest run plate for when you and yours are doing fine and a red Stop Forest Stop plate for when you need a napkin or a drink. Any waiter nearby will be there to help.

They've got a big menu that encompasses many different items that are sure to satisfy any picky eaters needs. There are a few Forest-themed drinks, but, being in Vegas it's really not much.

I've been to a few different Gumps in my days and the food is always pretty good. This place was no different. I devoured most of the hearty helping of fish and chips in front of me. Our waiter was friendly, joking with us and quizzing us on our Forest Gump knowledge.

This location is nice too, right off the walkway across from The Cosmopolitan. There's also a terrace to sit outside if it's not as chilly as it was when we were there. 

This is a nice family place to eat on the Strip with the slightly over priced grub you'll find all over Vegas. Yum.
So let me just start off by saying that we love Bubba Gumps. We've gone to different locations and have had great experiences every time...except for this one. The restaurant wasn't very crowded. There was no wait, but we got seated in the very back room all by ourselves. Felt a little out of place and ignored. That was strike one. 

Strike two was when we ordered. I wanted a dish that came with tilapia and just wanted a different fish like salmon or mahi mahi. Most places would say "sure no problem" but our waitress said "nope. We can't do that." Imagine my shock when a restaurant can't do a simple switch like that. It took several tries of me asking her to please go double check with the chef before she finally went to ask. She came back and what do you know..."oh okay we can switch that for you". It's just very irritating when a restaurant makes it seem like a hassle to do something simple for a paying customer. 

After that whole incident I had asked for a comment card...and guess what. They don't have any. Of course they don't have any. So that's why I'm writing this here.

All in all food wasn't anything special and service sucked. Our food was cold when it came out and they just dropped it off without a word. There are so many options on the strip and you can find something a lot better! Needless to say I will not be returning or recommending this location to anyone.
The patio was so nice on a beautiful day!
The service was great as were the drinks! They will have a couple on special each day.
We just had a snack of shrimp (half cajun, half regular (I think soaked in beer) 
DELICIOUS and not too busy for a late lunch.
Everything was clean, even the washroom.
Ya, it is a chain but an interesting one, I recommend it. You will know what amazing shrimp cookery smells like as you climb the stairs to the bar area!
This was my first time ever to this restaurant. The food was okay. I had the Shrimp Po Boy sandwich. I wasn't to keen on the fact the sandwich came with mayo (which I had withheld) and I couldn't replace that with a different sauce. The bread was kind of thick, which I didn't care too much for. I asked the server if I could just get popcorn shrimp with fries and he dryly replied "no". The drinks are good, but for $14 you would make out like a bandit at the Rock Bar or Evening Call size wise. The server never said his name, which was the first step to informing me the service wouldn't be superior or close to it. I saw him sitting in a booth with two of his other female customers as cozy as ever. Yeah, no bueno. If I try this place again, they'll have to drag me there.
My mother brought me here for my Mother's Day Dinner as I love Bubba Gump. I like to collect all their pilsner glasses every time I go to Bubba Gump in other cities. 

So, the one here in Las Vegas is situated almost in the center of the strip, right by Planet Hollywood. If you choose the patio seating then you will get a beautiful view of the strip and it's so worth it, especially at night when the weather outside is gorgeous.

To start off, we ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms which were piping hot when delivered to our table and oh so delicious. My mother ordered the Forrest's Seafood Feast which was really good. I am not a hush puppy fan but I definitely liked there's especially with the remoulade that comes with it. The coleslaw, I didn't care to much for it. it was bland. For my entrée, I ordered the Captain's Fish & Chips (the bigger portion). I liked it because you can actually see and taste the fish, it wasn't all batter like at some places but I would have preferred homemade potato chips rather than French fries. Lastly, for dessert we ordered the Chocolate Chip Cookie Sundae, which just melted in your mouth. The cookie was just so gooey and warm and definitely hit the spot after your meal.
The service was just terrible. Half the time we didn't even know who our server was. My friend ordered vegetables sautéed with NO butter and olive oil instead but got a bowl full of vegetables in a pool of butter. 

The view of the strip is amazing from here though.
Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. 

My friends and I went here on our first night in Vegas and were starved for just about anything. We got seated quickly, which was nice but that was probably the only pleasant part of this dining experience. 

My friend is on a pretty strict diet and asked if a certain dish could be made without butter, the server said she would go and ask and that was the last we saw of her. The next thing we know the runners were bringing us our food and the dish that she asked for without butter looked like it was drenched in it. We asked if we could ask the manager or anyone if there was butter on it and it took about 30 minutes before we got any kind of answer.  Finally, the manager came over and assured us it wasn't so she began to eat it. About 10 minutes later she came back and said it actually was made with butter.  By this time everyone else was done with their meals. All in all it was a headache of an experience and was handled terribly by the staff.
Best hush puppies I've ever had. High price for the food but the atmosphere is fun and the entire staff was very friendly. Had a large group 10+ and they got us in less that 10 min on a Friday afternoon.  Like that they treated the kids like a fun addition to the group rather than ignoring them and only speaking to the adults.
The food was good the service not really, why use a system with plates when the employes don't care at all, I switch to red plate and after over 10 minutes some show off to take care, draft beer in plastic glass no bueno
We went there with a party of 7 on our recent Vegas trip and were seated right away (it was a weekday). The service was really good. Our waiter played fun trivia games with us and the overall atmosphere for my "Forrest Gump" loving family was fantastic. We loved all of the little details that made the restaurant so nostalgic to the movie, including the "run forrest run"/"stop forrest stop" license plates on the table to use to get the waiter's attention. Perhaps it is a tourist attraction but overall we loved the place, loved the food, and enjoyed the service.
I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews on here. I think people sometimes make the time to leave that good ones out. Our server Chad #1 was awesome! The coconut shrimp was amazing! And so was the french fries, ranch, and mango strawberry chillers!
My friends and I came here on a wimp and ordered based on the pictures. The strawberry chicken pecan salad was extremely delicious and I'm not a vegetable type of person. Server was very kind and helpful as well. Definitely a must go if you're on the strip!
Came her on my fist visit to Vegas in February and I gotta say I expected waaaay better. I got the salmon and it was he worst. My fiance at the time now my husband, got the something (i cant remember) that was just as bad. Bad choice and wont visit again.
the food is good, & the service is EXCELLENT! our server stephen went above and beyond his job!! HE kept us entertain while waiting for our food to arrive...(which didn't take that long) 

it's my mom's birthday.. aside from the desert we ordered, they gave us something on the house too as well!! 

the manager checked in on us if we are having  a good time. I'm telling you guys, if you want a good food, and service matters to you. check this place out! it's awesome!
Food was alright and very very very overpriced. It was ridiculous. I am still shocked that I paid $6 for a non alcoholic beverage, their strawberry lemonade! Its a nice atmosphere and our server was very nice and attentive but the taste of the food and the prices just don't add up. I will go back though to try their shrimp po boy which I saw someone else get. It was pretty big and only cost $13. Other than that they wouldn't see me there for awhile.
Stopped in for lunch today. Tried the Shrimp New Orleans dish. The food was very tasty, but it was our server, Keisha, that made the experience a step above great. She was very patient with us while we were trying to decide what to order for our drinks and entrees. She made some suggestions that were really helpful. Keisha, keep up the good work !
In the words of the Terminator,  I'LL BE BACK !!
Outstanding, friendly and fast service. My wife and I had the Cajun shrimp appetizer. For dinner we had the shrimp pasta with capers. It was outstanding. We ate every bite. We also had a few beers.  Our server even offered us to go cups for our beer. Gotta love Vegas.
I had higher expectations but it wasn't that bad. If you're looking for something affordable that's along the lines of an Applebee's or TGIF's then this is the place, especially in it's prime location in planet Hollywood. The view is great. And the servers are enthusiastically perky. 

Clam chowder: not the usual creamy version but more of a thin stew. It was okay but just wasn't expected.

Forrest's Seafood Feast: A good amount as a sampler. Fries are decent, fish and chips were overly battered, fried shrimp was okay but the hush pups were good. Not the usual corn breaded hush puppies.
We were at Bubba Gump on July 3, 2014.  I thought it was pricey.  I think I paid $17 for a Creole shrimp dish but it was yummy!!  The service was excellent  and they were very nice.  If I go back to Vegas I would go there again.
Summary: Every time we visit Vegas we always walk by Bubba Gump but never stop in so for this trip my SO decided to drag me in. I like the setting, kind of remind me of Boiling Crab (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-boiling-crab-garden-grove-2?osq=boiling+crab+restaurant) minus the sharpies on the wall.

Food: Base on yelp review, we decide to try their Hush Puppies first to see how it is before heading in to the main course. Luckily that is all we tried. The hush puppies was bland and very oily. 

Service: 5 STARS for the staff members, from entrance to exit, the whole staff was cheerful and friendly.

Overall: We should have kept walking. We should have stick to, "hmm maybe one day we should try this place" and just never try it so it could stay mysterious. But we tried it. We didn't like it. End of story.
This truly is AS GOOD AS IT GETS! The bread pudding is properly entitled "Slap Your Momma"...it is DELICOUS :-) The seafood gumbo is delightful and the fried catfish is perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection. To top it off the customer service you receive is outstanding! Please take the time to try this place it out...it is definitely worth the time and consideration #bestLousianastylefoodinVegas!
wet Sauce was extremely nice & generous. She served us seafood & chicken gumbo(a little salty), appetizer sampler: okra, hush puppy, fried corn cobb, catfish and a very delicious shrimp po boy sandwich. I am definitely going back for the food that has a lot of heart & soul. i went back 2 more times and it seems that the food wasnt salty, but the flavor of the foods  tasted bland. I dont understand why they dont offer even for a fee TARTAR sauce for the fish anymore?
Walking into the Charleston Campus Commons food court you would not believe me if I told you that there was lobster served there but it's true ... and it is found in Weeziana's gumbo along with shrimp, craw fish, crab, sausage... So delicious and affordable! I went there last night for a CMYE and was fortunate enough to sample some delicious food items on their menu. In addition to the gumbo I also had deep fried corn on the cob.. what??? haha yes what a unique spin on a classic favorite! The deep fried catfish with Weeziana sauce was also delicious and had that same sweet breading as the the corn on the cob. For dessert we had their famous "Slap Yo Mama" bread pudding. OMG I suggest asking for a corner piece which gives a nice bite to it. Everything on the menu comes from the owner's family cook book and some recipes are super top secret so you know that it has got to be good. 

My favorite thing about 'Weeziana Gumbo & More' was the wonderful service from the owner, Espy! Such a genuinely sweet SWEET woman. Make sure to stop by to try her yummy food and don't forget to say hi to Espy and ask her about Lil Wayne ;]]]

HOT TIP: You can preorder your bread pudding and buy them in batches. They also don't just come in peach/pecan but in many delicious flavors!
Someone call the Five-O cause I just made out with a heaping bowl of the best seafood gumbo for less than $10!  

Speaking from someone who grew up from the South, this gumbo is as good as it gets.  The gumbo is Nawlins-esque bursting with flavor with chicken, sausage, shrimp, crawfish, and crab.   I've had all the other gumbo's (Lola's, M&M, you name it - none come even close to Weeziana's)

I also had their cornbread which was delicious and Espy gave us a fried corn on the cob sampler which was the sh@t!  The cornmeal breading was perfect.

Everything here is so cheap and you get gigantic portions.   The service is so South friendly you have to check this place out at the Charleston Campus Commons.
I was raised in the south and have I have lived in Las Vegas for over 20 years ,.
I have always looked for a place that reminds me of home. and now I am truly home and it is all thanks to Weeziana Gumbo and More !!!! when you place the food into your mouth you will feel like you are down in the south and you are 12 years old all over again. The food will transport you back into time were the cornbread is hand made, the smells of Gumbo warms your heart and soul, and where the fresh catch of the day was fried to perfection with all the spices that will light up your smile but all of this delicious food doesn't hold a candle to the most wonderful lady that I have had the pleasure of meeting  and that is Espe  the owner, she is the biggest sweetheart !!! She makes you feel like you just walked right into her home with open arm. A true lady with a big heart and a passion for  delicious food from her grand mothers recipes that were handed down to her . and what I tasted tonight I wish that I could had been around growing up with Espe.  Everything is handmade and made with love. you truly feel like family by the time you leave. So POPCORN TRAVEL IS TELLING YOU TO GO AND POP ON OVER !!!!!!! your taste buds   will thank you , and don't forget to spread the word tell everyone you know and trust me after you get this delicious food into your mouth you will thank me for it .
Whoa mama! I haven't yelped in awhile because frankly nothing has excited me much, until tonight.

I had high expectations after reading other reviews, but those were far exceeded upon first bite. Everything is made from scratch from family recipes, and this is a family that must eat VERY well. I literally got back from N'awlins on Saturday, where I had gumbo at the prestigious Commander's Palace. Weeziana's gumbo smoked their's out of the swamp water. 

I give five stars, however, because everything else was just as good as the gumbo, and the owner/chef couldn't have been more hospitable and lovely. She had cornbread fresh out of the oven that she brought to the table, and it was the best I'd ever had. We also ordered the cornmeal coated corn on the cob, and she comped us some of her delicately fried fish served with a fantastic spicy aioli and Crystal hot sauce. This lady can fry to perfection!

I wanted the bread pudding, but I guess even after 6 weeks the dessert is becoming so popular that she was sold out. I 'settled' for the pound cake. Another item that fit in the category of 'best ever.' 

Don't expect much in terms of the atmosphere, but expect tons in terms of everything else. The food, service, and value make this a MUST in my book. I'm grateful it's only ten minutes from home, but even if it weren't I'd drive distances to go here. 

Despite the filling meal costing less than $20 for two people, I would give Weeziana's five stars even if it cost twice as much (maybe even three times). 

Oh, and her son is super cute, too. He's sweet and happy with just the right amount of shy. He's lucky to have a mama that can cook like she does!
Saw some recent reviews of Weezie's and i was stoked to see another placee for me to try GUMBO.  I luv gumbo !

I was in the vicinity yesterday so stopped by for lunch.  From what i can tell, they ust opened for the day ( 11:00 am ) - one guy working there and i saw about 5 order tickets he was working on so i was a little worried about how long the order would take.  I went with the seafood gumbo ( large - $7.95) and a shrimp po boy ( either $7 or $8)

It did take a while to get my food but not a big deal - it gave me a chance to look at the other food places in the court ( my first visit ) 

The gumbo was great !  Nice roux base.  I like that the onions and peppers were diced in small pieces.  Really liked that the bones and shells were in the soup - working class gumbo !!  I'm kicking myself for not getting a chunk of cornbread - it would have been the perfect lunch.  

The po' boy was decent.  The shrimp might have been slightly undercooked but i liked the coating and a it was good sized for the price.

Definitely will return.
After our hike at Potato Knoll, we stopped by this Charleston Campus Commons to try out some food.  It's rare that we are on this side of town, so we just had to maximize the trip.  We were sold immediately on the seafood gumbo after hearing the ingredients that go into a bowl of gumbo.  

OMG, I haven't tasted such delicious meaty gumbo for quite some time.  The flavor was bold, there were shrimps, crab meat, crawfish meat, drumstick, sausages...um um um...definitely took me back to Louisiana.

This bowl of gumbo is as good as it gets.  There is no competition, Weeziana Gumbo & More is the place for some delicious, decent-priced cajun food.
I ate the gumbo so quickly that I didn't have time to snap a pic. Chef Congo did not skimp on the shrimp. It was sooo... delicious; the okra was crunchy; the flavor was "right-on" the money and the rice was perfectly cooked - can't wait to go back.
The SEAFOOD GUMBO r the only words I can utter right now!!!! And yes, I'll be back to pick up my order to go at 5:00pm. So generous w/the crab and lobster! LOVIN' IT!
I had the good fortune to try some of Weeziana's gumbo when I was at Campus Commons for our CMYE Reverse Spring Break.  At that time, I got a container of chicken gumbo to take home (my wife won't do seafood).  

Yesterday, in a funk about what to do for dinner, I thought it was time to go back to the Commons and get some more gumbo.  I got a container of chicken (for my wife) and a container of seafood gumbo (for me).  

Their gumbo has a rich flavor with just enough of a spice to give it some good taste.  I don't use hot sauce with their gumbo because I want to taste the great gumbo flavor.  The seafood gumbo had a fair amount of seafood and it was a great meal that I brought home.

This is now a fast food place to go when I want something different and tasty.  Service was excellent!  I am a fan!
Really, really good cajun food.  I had a small order of the seafood gumbo (amazing) and some hushpuppies, but the owner also gave me a sample of the chicken gumbo (amazing), a free piece of fried corn on the cob (really good, never seen this before), and a sample of the Slap Yo Mama bread pudding which had pineapple and coconut (super amazing).  The owner was incredibly nice and gave free samples to a few other people that were waiting for food.  I will definitely be back.
Though it can sound like a cliche at first, a really good gumbo does require some heart and soul. It takes time and patience to make a proper roux, and to know how to balance the ingredients in a way that makes the flavor and texture of each one shine. And of course that special spice kick to bring it all to life. When you taste this gumbo you can sense all of that. And when you meet "Weezy", you can feel the heart and soul behind it all. Real.
This place is so awsome! The Gumbo is so amazing, I love this place.
It been long overdue trip back for some Weeziana Gumbo since CMYE months ago. I was in the mood for some gumbo and some slap yo mama bread pudding. Two things that really stood out for me and wanting too come back for more. Some reason maybe cause I order the chicken gumbo rather then the seafood gumbo. It feel short of my last experience. I thought it was bit on the salty side. I should have order regular size instead of large. Not that you can never get enough of A good thing in life. I felt with the large between the gumbo and the rice plus everything is so condense or packed in. No way you can enjoy best of both worlds. Or just could have been bitter that should have ordered seafood gumbo. 

Still its good gumbo especially the seafood and even though not fan of the chicken nothing skimpy comes too the andouille sausage, chicken, and get your money worth of gumbo. Not just gumbo everything on the menu is nice size portion!! I also ordered the pound cake since there famous slap yo mama bread pudding was sold out. I was surprise not just fact that nice full piece not thin slice piece. It so moist and delicious!! All the desserts here are made fresh daily just like the rest of the menu. I am fan of Brain desserts at Wing Kings. Between both restaurants amazing bakery of cakes or pies that puts chain restaurants desserts too shame. 

The staff or this night just the cook great guy, friendly, and talking stories about famous slap yo mama bread pudding dessert. It crazy too think that people call in on the phone everyday asking about it. They place order over the phone non left for non phone orders. If ever get chance that one dessert that AMAZING.
Go by mama's and n'em and ask Espy for her bucket sized bowl of gumbo, which comes in 2 varieties: chicken or seafood.  Don't forget to get a side of the fried corn on the cob, which is ridiculously slap yo mama & yo uncle good.  If you're curious about something, they are more than happy to hook it up with a sample.

They are still in soft opening mode, trying to gauge the market and streamline their business processes.  She is fixin to do an official grand opening in a couple months.  Espy, the owner is a lil sweetie with a big ole personality and some mean cooking chops.  All of her recipes came from her family.  

They make a unique bread pudding daily, which was sold out when we stopped by for dinner.  I tried their sweet potato pie, but it wasn't to my palate, buuuuut then again I'm biased & spoiled because I grew up eating my North Carolina granny's recipe. 

The only down side is the location & the fact that they close at 8pm.  They are in a small food court near CSN.  They are going to be mega-successful; it's just a matter of time before they expand to a bigger location.   

The food is better than what you'd find in N'awlins.
Took a while...took a long while for Weeziana to open but it finally did...then it took a much MUCH longer while for me to stop by and try it out. No secret to anyone that i'm pretty close to the owners of Wing King, Kaba Curry, and Tacos el Jefe's. 

So today i just wasnt feeling Wing King or Kaba and Jefe's was closing. So...why not try some Gumbo? This experience really does remind me of the first time i had uni and the first time i had GOOD uni. So here's the story of my experience with Uni. First of all it's sea urchin. Whole sea urchin looks totally alien if you're not used to it. The soft flesh inside looks like what comes out of said alien's ass. 

Now lets turn toward gumbo. First time i had gumbo was i think on the south side messing facility of Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni. I've never had gumbo before and it looked interesting with the crab legs and seafood and sausages. yeah...tasted like something that came outta an alien's ass. So every time gumbo was served i would get a small bowl and give it a shot just to be disappointed and it just settled: Gumbo = Crap. 

Back to Uni, recently we found a sushi spot that offered fresh FRESH uni and holy that looks like an alien's ass batman the stuff was absolutely amazing. 

Back to Gumbo, Went on a limb and ordered a seafood in a small size and a bread pudding on the side. first bite...absolutely friggin amazing it's like opening your eyes from being blind for your entire natural life until that one day. I havent had enough gumbo to full explain what i was tasting and how everything was balanced together. This meal totally made my day. 

Bread pudding was quite amazing as well. Not overly sweet as i was expecting but balanced. The pineapple and coconut give a lot of flavor without adding to richness. 

I came hungry and curious and I left one happy smiling ass motherfucker. What more could you ask for?


Yelp 100 - 028 of 100
Best gumbo in town and many other towns.!!
I had the steamin hot Seafood Gumbo on a mildly warm Saturday afternoon.  As I slurped on some gumbo rue, I found hidden treasures of smoked sausage, crawfish, real crab meat (none of that imitation shit), and shrimp. They also added some chicken in there, too.  Needless to say, it was a flavor-party in a Styrofoam cup.  They were not stingy with the meat at all.  The soup was not too watery but not too thick either.  I loved every spoonful.  What was missing though was some okra.  I think it would've made the dish even more complete.  I don't know if it usually comes with it, though.  Maybe they were out?  

I really wanted to try out the Slap Yo' Mama Bread Pudding, but they had sold out : (.  Apparently, Circus Circus bought the whole batch earlier in the day, which is good for business I guess.  I'm still a little bitter about that - well, not really.   When I went, around 2pm, the fryer wasn't up and running yet, so I couldn't try out anything deep fried.  However, besides the lack of choices available that time, my experience here was pretty great.  The owner also stopped by to converse with us as well, so I found that as a nice gesture.  I will definitely be back to try out the other dishes, so hopefully everything will be up and running, and available. 

The place is located in a food court, right in the same corner of Walgreens, which is across CSN Charleston, on the southwest side.
The broth of the gumbo is the best I've ever tasted anywhere, but I'm afraid that's about the only good thing I can say about this restaurant. For staters, don't set your expectations too high. The restaurant is located in a small food court. You sit at community tables shared by the entire food court. Not a particularly good part of town. I wouldn't go there after dark. Your gumbo is served to you in a styrofoam cup. Tall and narrow. Hard to navigate. You eat with plastic utensils. The gumbo cup is filled with a lot of crab shell pieces which you need to crack open with the provided metal cracker utensil, but the pieces are too small to be opened. I tried to order a side of fried okra. They were out. Changed my side order to corn bread. Was told I've have to wait 30 min. for the bread to be prepared. Ordered red beans and rice instead. The beans were way overcooked.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! the food took me back to being in my mom's kitchen learning how to cook. I was fortunate enough to meet the owner and she is just as nice as her food is good...and that's saying a lot! 
I can't wait to bring my friends here, they are gonna love me even more!
We were told the gumbo here was amazing . . . . best in town.  And to Weeziana's credit, it is delicious, but it's super hot (as in spice!) and too hot to be enjoyable, in my opinion.  

I've never been to a place that was out of so many things that seem to be a staple to their business/menu -- we're talking out of cornbread, hushpuppies and fries!!  No fries with my po'boy??  Seriously.

The fried okra we had in place of hush puppies was ok - it was a little bland and tasted fried with batter, but needed some ooomph!   My mind (and my belly) were excited about the ice cream and caramel pecans for dessert . . . . but as luck would have it . . . "we're out of ice cream".  Really??

The atmosphere lacks, so I thought the food would make up for it.  It's in a food court type setting with 4 or 5 other food eateries and tables in the center for all.  It's just not worth the time.  The owner is pleasant and very friendly - she came by to see if we were "ok" a few times.  I guess that's why I gave it 2 stars - I like customer service.  But I also like to be fed when I go out to eat. :)
We were greeted by the owner who was very nice and answered our questions. She was surprised that a pair of non locals had heard of this restaurant located in a fast food court. We each ordered a small cup of the Classic Creole Seafood Gumbo that is served in a styrofoam cup along with a spoon of rice. It included a few skinny snow crab legs that were not worth the bother plus chicken on the bone, sausage, fresh okra, shrimp, tomatoes and more. This proved to be the best tasting gumbo we have ever including while on visits to NOLA and Biloxi.

Our visit would have been incomplete if we had skipped the Slap Yo Mama bread pudding. Ann prefers a more custard-like bread pudding, so I was "forced" to eat a little more than her.
I stumbled upon Weeziana while reading Desert Companion while getting coffee. I told my wife that there is a place that has excellently reviewed gumbo. Cajun based food is rare here in Vegas so we had to try. My wife and I along with our daughter went today and we are not disappointed. The gumbo was spicy and filled with lots of wonderful cajun style meats. I love spicy food so this was right up my alley. My wife had the Shrimp Po' Boy which was delicious as well. We talked with the owner and she was very nice lady. We told her we would write a review and invite friends so that is what  we are doing. Go check out this excellent food for a super affordable price! Next time I am getting a Po' Boy for myself along with some Slap Yo Mama Bread Pudding. I'll be back!
so, was just taking the son to a soccer game and noticed we were way early so decided to just drive around and saw internet café with all these little eateries.  My first thought was the Kabba Curry sign, but once inside I saw weeziana..then I saw bread pudding...that's all it took.  I ate most of it at the counter talking to the owners ...so very personable.  Then I ended up getting some redbeans and rice and sweet tea, which both were great.  I had the cherry and pecan bread pudding  and since my momma wasn't around I ended up slapping my son who was standing by me....it was that good.  I wanted to try more but had to get the youngin to his game, but you can bet I will be going back for more!!!!!
This is the best food in Vegas
Found this place on YELP and drove 20 miles to try it for lunch. Their page
says they open at 11 AM. We arrived at 11:20 and went inside the food court.
All the restaurants in the court were open except, of course, the one we wanted
to eat at, Weeziana Gumbo. We could see that there were employees inside
but no one would open the serving window. I saw a way in and went inside
asking when they would open. The cook says they open at noon. Well you need
to change the hours on your webpage then because it says 11 AM.

Now this guy might be the best cook in the world but I'll never find out because
he's probably the worst businessman in the world. Instead of apologizing
he demanded I get out of his kitchen or he'd call the police.

I have never heard of a restaurant that serves lunch opening at noon.
I think this clown opens whenever he makes it to work. If you want to have
lunch here I suggest you call first to see if they're open.
Received a call from the owner, Lillian, to thank my fiancé and I for ordering so frequently. The food is delicious and you can tell it's made with genuine love. We order the seafood gumbo, fish po boy, and cornbread. The food always arrives hot (we order through RoadRunnerFood.com) and fresh. We wish they were open more often but other than that, this in our new go-to spot when I don't have time to cook.
This place is truly amazing. I had the red beans and rice with a slice of cornbread and it was so good that it made me feel like I was in my grandmother's kitchen!!!! The service was as warm and wonderful as the food!!!!
Its use to be great but has since taken a step backwards. Tastes a lot like zatarains seasoning.  A lot of rice and very little gumbo.
So, read the reviews and stopped in three weeks ago. Excellent seafood gumbo. Came back to Vegas again and I had to get my gumbo fix again. This time I had the chicken gumbo. Excellent again!!!!! The people are friendly and the food is great and inexpensive for soul food. So, whenever I visit Vegas I'll be sure to visit Weezianas. Next time I'm going to get the small gumbo so I can try some dessert. I heard the bread pudding is really good. Oh, don't forget to get the sweet tea, free refills. Espie even offered to rerefill my sweet tea before I left. It's in a food court and it says food court on the outside of the building to help you find it. Cross streets are Torrey Pines and Charleston.
My father in law is from Louisiana and I've been fortunate enough to know what true soul foods taste like.  I've searched high and low in Vegas trying to find a place similar to my dad's cooking with no success. Tonight, my search is over!  We had Gumbo, shrimp Po Boy, fried and blackened pan seared cat fish, corn and the bomb Weezie sauce.  My taste bud was revitalized and craving has been satisfied.  The foods were seasoned to perfection as the way it should. This is true southern home cooking and hospitality!  Furthermore, they know the true meaning of customer service.  Keep up the great work. I will be your customer for life!
Fantastic, authentic seafood gumbo.  Chock full of shrimp, crawfish meat and, the best part, crablegs.  Corn bread was moist and amazing.  Their house sauce is perfect mix of sweet and spicy.  Get the fried corn.  I had never had this kind before and it was really good with the sauce.
5 STARS***** for the GUMBO! DELICIOUS!!!

3.5 STARS for the Fried Catfish & fries. It was good but I've had better. The portion was a little small for big appetites but I was satisfied. No leftovers though.

I'll definitely be back.
this place is awesome!! dee dee can throw down.......the best gumbo i've had in years and the fish is seasoned and fried to perfection. the staff is super friendly and helpful they make you feel right at home. i would suggest to try the seafood gumbo, fried fish crispy, also ask dee dee to hook you up with her secret cornbread salad with a glass of sweet tea. i traveled from los angeles to las vegas for the food at weeziana gumbo. can't wait to return so i can eat again lol. this restaurant catered a play i was in called: midnight cry and the whole cast raved over the food. please please please don't sleep on this place. lord knows once you have it you will keep coming back.
Shared the classic creole seafood gumbo, shrimp basket, fried okra and pecan pie with a friend. Hands down best gumbo i've had, great service too. Everything was fried fresh, shrimp and okra were delicious. Gumbo was super hearty, finished every last drop. 

Good food, dont miss it if you're I'm the area!
Homemade food using top notch ingredients and recipes passed down from great grandma. Fabulous gumbo with complex layers of flavor. Chicken gumbo without shellfish is available for those with preferences or shellfish allergies. The fried okra was the best I've ever had. The fried fish was stellar. And the owner also fixed us up some off-menu corn bread salad that I wish I could have finished but I was sooo full! 
I can't wait to return!
This place absolutely rocks.
Holy shit, you guys. This place is the real deal.
I usually don't use profanity, but this gumbo? Polite words don't cover how amazing it is.

I took my BF on a foodie roadtrip to Louisiana last summer- the food is amazing, seafood and gumbo and boudin and crawfish, oh my! It's all phenomenal. But when we moved so far away, I gave up hope of having cajun food that good any time soon- but this place came up with a near-perfect score on the Yelp app, and I came within a week of moving to Vegas. From the outside, it's unimpressive and a bit odd- but don't let that stop you. You're here for FOOD, not ambiance.

All I can say is, this gumbo is damn amazing. I ordered a large seafood gumbo to go, got home, and have barely made a dent in the order and am blown away. The portion is huge, and it's chock full of okra, sausage, shrimp, crawfish, and crab- I'm pretty sure there's an ENTIRE crab in my container. I've counted two legs so far, and I'm only halfway through the entire order... Which probably isn't meant for one person, but they'll have to fight me for more than just a taste of this stuff!

On top of the amazing food is amazing service- I believe I was helped by the owner herself, who made a minor mistake running my card manually, and then went above and beyond to fix the issue. Totally unnecessary, but thoroughly appreciated!

Stellar food, spectacular service. Gonna be coming here pretty regularly- gonna have to grab some sweet potato pie next time! Maybe I'll make Sundays my unofficial Louisiana appreciation days- they're open noon to 4PM!
Impressive! Don't let the location detour you. The food was exceptional and the customer service is even better. I was welcomed by the owner like I was an old friend. The gumbo was satisfying and the corn bread was better than my Mom's cornbread! The owner brought out a sample of her fried shrimp and corn. I know what I'll be ordering next time.
OMG! All I have to say is move over M&M, Miss DeeDee is in the house!!  The seafood gumbo is AMAZING and each bite is packed with a punch.  Fried Okra is the best I've ever had, fried catfish just melts in your mouth and the SLAP YO MOMMA Bread pudding makes you say 'dayyyuum this sh** is good". Miss DeeDee made us feel like family with her southern hospitality.  Miss DeeDee, please don't  change your recipes or substitute the ingredients, everything is PERFECT!  Comfort food at it's finest!!
a friend first brought me here, been coming back since then!! that gumbo was just amazing!!!
Best catfish EVER in Vegas. They also offer a couple of unique appetizers. A fried mini bread stick and fried corn on the cob. The corn used the same breading as the catfish so was spectacular. Sweet tea was good with free refills. Oh and the seafood gumbo - amazing! A slight spice and great pieces of crab leg inside.

To top it off, the main cook is such a delightful lady! 10 star service to my girlfriend and I! Will be back again for more catfish...
Great Louisiana food. Catfish was tasty and well prepared.  The seafood gumbo (with real crab legs) was also excellent.
Preface:  my mother is from Louisiana and I spent much time all over the state growing up and later as an adult.  I LOVE and actively seek out Cajun cuisine where ever I go.
I visited this establishment while in the area for business.  I looked up some reviews and decided to give it a try.

I ordered catfish and red beans w rice.  The fish looked great but was very tough and chewy.   Had a good taste but weird texture.
I did not care for the red beans as they were watery and had little spice.
I may come again to try the gumbo but not anytime soon.
It was all hype!  As with most African American owned restaurants overpriced and short on substance.  The fried okra had great flavor but was undercooked and left it greasy.  The fries were horrible soggy and greasy!  The fish had good seasoning but was very chewy almost like fish jerky!  And the Seafood Gumbo was good but I'm still searching for some seafood!   PLEASE GIVE YOUR CUSTOMERS WHAT THEY ARE WILLING TO PAY FOR!  I will be trying your competitor Mamas Boy Cafe next time.  I'm a native Las Vegan looking for consistency in southern cuisine.
Sooo they jumbo supper bomb ...prices are just right but ...I've been a fan for a year now the owner is really sweet n nice. The fish yum yum yum the sweet tea always a buy plus free refills ...when I want fish instead of going to marios this is the place ;*)
I'm not sure what happened to this place. Did you guys get New management or new cook? The last couple of times the place wasn't opened. Then when I went up there again I got the gumbo and it just wasn't the same. That's why I wanted to know if you guys got a new cook. Then I went there today and it's closed once again. No sign or nothing saying why. I really love this place, but your going to lose a lot of business if you don't get business in order. There were other customers along with myself who were waiting around after 11am and no one showed up. I ended up going to Lola's and it was great!!!
This was the first time I have ever tried Gumbo and it was delicious!! And the fish was awesome as well. And not only that, the staff was very very nice and accomodating.
Finally found a place for fish & chips!!! I've enjoyed the burgers & fries as well. I'm putting this place on the map!
I finally found my Friday night fish fry! Hush puppies are great not over cooked. The burgers & fries are good too.
We thought we were going to Tom's BBQ, but recently this changed over to Bourbon Street and since Mr. M and I were starving, we thought what the heck.  I have mixed feelings about this review so I'm just going to break it down.  The location still has BBQ and added a Cajun/Creole aspect to the menu.

We were greeted right away by a friendly young man who pointed us towards the newly remodeled bar.  It looks great!  It used to be kind of a short bar along one wall.  Now they've extended it out and added some sexy lights that I heard change colors, but were green this afternoon, and added a foot rest and hooks for ladies to hang their purses on.  Very nice improvement over the old layout.

The bar seating was almost full so we sat at a 4-top nearby and were completely ignored for 10 minutes or so.  What looked to be manager or owner types (couple - she with blonde hair, he with bald head and thick black glasses) were standing just outside the kitchen surveying the restaurant and didn't notice us at all.   They did notice those near them playing cards.  Also the bartender and a server just walked on by, even though I gave them my best German penetrating stare.  

Finally a nice gal came by and asked if we'd been helped yet.  We said, "No" and she chewed the bartender out a bit for not telling her there was someone new.  She took our drink order right away.  They have added to the tap selection, a few more Four Peaks brews and Corona Light.  Nothing that gets me too excited.  I had a Dos Equis Amber and Mr. M had the Four Peaks IPA.

I ordered the shrimp dinner with mac and cheese, instead of cole slaw, and fries.  Mr. M had the 3 meat BBQ platter (pulled pork, pork ribs, and brisket) with fries and red beans and rice.  Here's where I really need to break it down.

The ribs were tender, moist, smoky, and had a very nice flavor.  PERFECT.  Our server said they are using a mojo rub.   I dunno...but that's what I want when I go back.  Ridiculously good. 5/5
The brisket was dry and only slightly smoky, but the burnt ends of two pieces were really good.  I would probably not order the brisket again. 2/5
The pulled pork was delicious.  Seems to me that pork is probably the specialty here. 4/5
The red beans and rice were fantastic.  It's hard to find good red beans and rice outside the bayou and these were smoky and very good with what I think was pieces of shredded pork mixed in.  Delicious.  5/5
My mac and cheese was okay, but could have been a little cheesier.  3/5
The shrimp were very good with their light batter-dipped breading.  Loved those too, just didn't get enough of them.  5/5

The fries.  

The fries.  Tasted like catfish.  And it's really too bad.  They look like fresh cut potatoes, and were cooked to a perfect, crisp golden brown.  They tasted like a fish tank.   When I mentioned to our server that really everything was cooked perfectly, but the fries taste like catfish, she said, "I know.  I know.  I hear it all the time, and on fish fry Fridays they all taste like fish."  Damn.  Separate your freakin' fryers.  Not doing so is either lazy, OR if you fry a lot of taters in the fish grease, it will make the grease last longer, but it will make your fries taste like fish.  Especially catfish.  Separate your fryers.  Fries: 1/5.  I wouldn't order them again.  Sad too, because they looked good.  Tasted bad.

Then for desert he had some Dewars & water and I had some Jameson & water.  Drinks were delivered promptly and reasonably priced.  I would come back again for the ribs, red beans & rice, shrimp, and possibly the mac & cheese.  Not the fries.

*UPDATE I got a msg from Chef Terry on 4/3/13 that now they have a fryer dedicated to fries only.  Yahoo!  Can't wait to go back!
Was greeted and seated right away and then the wait was on.  The waitress wasn't very friendly and you could see that she recognized regular Customers and found that potentially new customers were a bother. BBQ is fair, the fries were fresh cut but still had the taste of a raw potato even though they were cooked .  Seems to be a restaurant in transition (formerly Tom's BBQ) this is the third business in the same store front maybe they'll have a better run but they already need to start working on the staff and really need to find their self as a restaurant is it Cajun or is it BBQ or a hamburger place. Anyway I wish them luck.
This place has one of the best tasting burgers I have ever eatin. Bottom bun is a little soggy but the fact that they know how to cook the meat a true medium rare makes up for it. Mushroom Swiss or the Zydeco burger are what I recommend.
Decided to try out the new restaurant in the neighborhood as we would really like to find a good place close to home. The only good thing I can say about this place is the service was friendly and the food came out quickly. That's where the good ends. The food was horrible? I ordered the gumbo, which generally has shrimp and uses veggies like celery! Bell peppers and onions. Theirs has none of this, instead what I got was a brown goo with what appeared to be canned chicken and beef. I also ordered the boudin balls, again not good. The outside was nice and crisp, but the inside was nothing but rice and raw breading "paste". Where was the boudin? My husband had the andouille sausage, he said it was ok, but it was literally a sausage with mustard on what looked like an uncooked bun (it was white!). Our friends had the oyster po boy and the shrimp étouffée. I had a bite of he po boy and thought it was awful...maybe I just don't like oysters, but my friend said it was just so so. The shrimp étouffée got an ok review by my other friend, however it he menu said it came with rice...you had to look really hard for the rice under what looked like the same brown goo they called gumbo. One of the sides that was ordered was the Mac and cheese...it had no cheese flavor, needed salt and all the macaroni noodles were broken up and scooped into a glob.

The extended bar is nice and they could really turn that place into a great neighborhood bar, the food just needs some major tweaking. We were there on a Saturday night and they had karaoke which is always fun, however the ladies that were running it brought their young kids and had them singing too...weird and not the place for kids.

I dont think we will be back and sadly if the food doesn't drastically improve, I give this place 3 months before it meets the same fate as the other restaurants that have been in the same location. They need to decide if they want to be a Cajun place or a BBQ and burger place....I say drop the Cajun food and stick with burgers.
What a great neighborhood hangout!  I'm so glad I found Bourbon Street.  I have an affinity towards all things Louisiana, especially NOLA.  I'm always in search of a good shrimp Po Boy and theirs was absolutely delicious, they use a good quality shrimp and it makes a big difference.  

I was determined to have a few cocktails and the bartender did right by me.  He was fast, friendly and did a great job of keeping everyone's drinks bottomless.  They also have $1 jello shots which were hard to resist so I had a few.  The bar was clean and so were the restrooms.  A few of the chairs could stand to be recovered but other than that, I have no complaints.  

While I sat there I talked to a few of the regulars and everyone was super friendly.  After I had been there I while, I realized that one of the people sitting at the bar was the owner and I was shocked, he was really nice and down to Earth and even paid his own tab.  We only found out he was the owner because we were commenting on this really awesome lion head that hangs over the bar and he gave us the background story.  I've worked in plenty of bars in college.  It's always easy to spot the owner because he's a giant asshole to his staff, never leaves his spot, orders the most expensive things on the menu and doesn't pay or tip - but this guy was the total opposite.  I really hope this place makes it!
Just tried this yesterday and it was delicious!  

We ordered the Boudin Balls which were not to our taste, the sauce they came with though was delicious.  The Jambalya was really good.  I had the 2 meat platter with Ribs, Sausage, French Fries and Macaroni and cheese.  I loved it all.  The BBQ sauce is phenemonal! We also got the Peach Cobbler for dessert because it's one of my favorites and it did not dissapoint.  The peaches were firm and sweet. It was amazing!

I can't wait to go back again and try other new things like the fish and chips and fried pickles.
Went for dinner tonight with my hubby.  We made the haul out of Maricopa just to go to this place - so our expectations were rather high - maybe if it was just around the corner I wouldn't have been so disappointed.

The good - pulled pork, potato salad & ribs - sauce was good, catfish fingers were liked by hubby. 
The mediocre - red beans & rice, macaroni & cheese, dirty rice
The bad - rolls that came with dinner - just a cold floury out of  a package roll.  The brisket - dry and not very flavorful.  The boudin balls - they were out - but didn't tell us till well after we'd ordered our main meal - got catfish fingers instead, but due to timing those came out after our food.  They were also out of their Voodoo Magic Cake - which sounded delish and I was hoping would have brought this place back up into my graces.  

Ok looking place, ok food, ok service - if we were in the neighborhood we might go again for the pork - but for sure not making an out of the way trip here again.
This is a local hangout for us and has been before it changed from Tom's BBQ to  Bourbon Street Bar & BBQ. We go there because of its location, the friendly bar staff (Sarah), and reasonably priced drinks.The food has improved since changing management and Friday nights they have live music.
Went on a Saturday night for live music for a friend's birthday.  First time there, and I was impressed by the decor and ambiance.  Got a seat in the restaurant section because the bar was packed.  

Waitress looked too young to serve alcohol and was pretty slow, but friendly enough.  Vodka sodas were heavy on price and light on vodka, not a great combo.  We tried ordering food and they were out of everything we tried to order.  The food we did end up getting was OK, nothing spectacular but not bad (I'm guessing all their "good" stuff was gone??).  I might be back to try their shrimp etouffe only because I don't know of any other places in the southeast Valley that have it, but I won't be rushing to go back.
First time here for my husband and I.  The service was excellent.  Food was average.  I had fried seafood platter.  The fried cat fish was excellent,  fried oysters had to sent back because it was undercooked.  Fries were average so was the mac and cheese.  My husband had sausage sandwich which was average.  I might come back and try again.
Been here a few times now, okay place for happy hour and reasonable drinks. The food on the other hand, don't get excited. The shrimp appetizer even at half off for happy hour is sketchy. Plain shrimp with pretty much thousand island dressing. wow. I've been to New Orleans, this is a far cry. I tried the gumbo once, like the other reviews, mostly a brown goo. Kind of disappointing, since it would be awesome to have good cajun food here in Chandler. Staff seems friendly, but owners uninvolved, at least I've never had an experience that was great, and even when I told the waitress the shrimp was just so-so, it was like "oh well". It's a shame, I live within walking distance, so I was hoping for more.
This place used to be Tom's BBQ, and when it changed into Bourbon St we thought we would try it. We got there right at dinner time, and only 1 table had customers. Our waiter had TERRIBLE body odor- off to a bad start. The menu looked fairly extensive. However, the waiter then began to list off about 10 items they did not have from that menu that day.  It turned out that the few items that appealed to me were not available that night. We decided not to even eat there and left. We won't be back.
Kinda scared our first time...Wednesday night at 8pm, only 2 people when we walked in.  Great fish, chips and hush puppies. Onion rings too.  Fries were the bomb,  fresh cut,  great seasoning! We sat at the bar; the bartender was great.  Felt like high school with the 80's music playing.  Reasonable prices. Not sure about the guy/employee/mgr at hostess station wearing gym shorts. I recommend some sort of uniform for the staff...even just matching tshirt...oh and no gym shorts. :-/  However,  we will go back for Friday night fish fry... all you can eat.  Worth a try.
This is a place that I really want to like. It used to be.  Tom's BBQ and we loved it then. Bourbon Street took over and expanded the bar we thought "ok it'll be a happening happy hour spot with good food".  First time there I had the fish fry and was disappointed, it was more like the frozen fish in the blue box than fresh filets dipped in batter and fried on the spot.  Next time I went I had gumbo which was brought to the table luke-warm. Children's menu Mac and cheese was the stuff from the box as well not a "from scratch" version I'd expect from a BBQ / Cajun menu restaurant. Floors looked like they needed a good sweep and mop and broken chairs were pushed against the wall.  This is an awesome neighborhood location and I'd really like to see it improve so it can survive.  We're not ready to give up on it yet, but were choosing it less.
Sorry. 3 day old rice. Food was cold and the wings were stale.  I won't be back.
The ribs might have been the worst ribs I've ever had.  Service was bad, I was a little surprised by how busy it was.  Maybe I missed something the first time and should give it another try
Was greeted and seated right away and then the wait was on.  The waitress wasn't very friendly and you could see that she recognized regular Customers and found that potentially new customers were a bother. BBQ is fair, the fries were fresh cut but still had the taste of a raw potato even though they were cooked .  Seems to be a restaurant in transition (formerly Tom's BBQ) this is the third business in the same store front maybe they'll have a better run but they already need to start working on the staff and really need to find their self as a restaurant is it Cajun or is it BBQ or a hamburger place. Anyway I wish them luck. Visited a second time with the Wife, Sister and Nephew and have decided that we will not be going back - I wish them well.
NOW CLOSED
Pretty good compared to the other two in Las Vegas. I like that this one seems more for locals and not crowded with tourist.

 The shrimp were cooked perfectly, I find that the other locations tend to over cook them. I like the lay out of this one a lot more then the others. 

I was impressed overall considering they have only been opened for only 2 hours! 

My only complaint is that the sauces didn't really seem the same which is why I took a star off. However that star will work its way back up since its only their first night open!!
There's a reason why there are 3 Hot N Juicy locations in Vegas. 

Hot N Juicy is BETTER than Boiling Crab. 

I was impressed with their opening weekend. I had a flawless dining experience tonight for the following reasons:

- SHORT WAIT - Don't let the 10-15 hungry diners in the waiting area fool you.  This place has FAST table turnover.
- Greeted by server right away and drinks came by a minute later.
- Orders were taken promptly
- Food came out quick and hot (C'mon it's seafood & fried stuff...there is no reason why it should take long anyway)
- Food was flavorful and cooked right!
- Convenient sinks in the back for dirty hands.
- Less than $20 for dinner for two :)

We ordered the lemon pepper shrimp (medium spice level) 1 lb. $12
and two side orders of rice (generous portions) $2 each

The layout and interior is nicer here compared to other locations.

Be prepared to leave smelling like the aromas of the restaurant & having a seafood or spicy taste in your mouth. Also, no desserts on the menu.

The new location on Eastern is surrounded by many places to satisfy your sweet tooth that it is pretty much a gimme after eating at Hot N Juicy. Frozen yogurt, frozen custard, boba, crepes and waffles. You name it.

Can't wait to get my hands dirty again!
I am excited that they opened a location in Henderson. It's not only closer to me, but parking is much easier than the ones on Spring Mtn. 

The quality of food and sauces are still the same as the other locations. It's a little smaller than the second location but the wait wasn't too bad. 

My husband and I shared a laugh that they installed two sinks outside the bathrooms just for hand washing, so you don't have to go inside the bathrooms unless you need to. :)

Overall, this new location is just as good as the others!
I love hot n juicy. It beats boiling crab here in Vegas.  Would go 5 stars because I love it so much but there were a few bumps today with service and food

wait time Was a bit long today for food. My belly was rumbling watching food go out to guests that came in 20 minutes after us. 

I'm not a fan of the system where one person takes your order, another runs the food and a random fills your drink. Our server never came back and I felt bad asking just anyone who passed for lemons and my bill. I'm assuming they split tips because it's the only reason I left one after being ditched by our server. They were all polite however.

Today we got 

2lbs crawfish . Hot n juicy medium with a dozen sausages. I would say a 1/2 lb was just random claws with no body. Which is no good since they have no meat. I can't wait til spring when they get big! Otherwise they were fresh n tasty.

1 lb of shrimp hot n juicy spicy. Way too mushy. Yuck. This is a problem I have run into at the other location too on spring mtn. You can't even peel them, they just mush up. I actually found myself researching that texture, I thought over cooking makes shrimp tough, I would take hard over mushy any day. It's the reason I switched to crawfish, but when I bring new people shrimp is always a go to. Fix this please! 

Plus a side of sauce for dipping... Yum

1 lb of snow crab hot n juicy spicy. Good enough. Fresh. But next time I will spring for the king crab

Chicken nugget plate for the kid. Cajun fries were too spicy for him though. Oops my bad. 

Looking forward to bringing my sister in law in a few weeks.
I'm gonna write a review even though I haven't tried this location yet. I already know it's great. I will be your regular so watch out haha :)
We were really excited for a new Hot N Juicy closer to our house.  We've been to the other 2 locations in Vegas and loved them.  So, we had high hopes for the new one on Eastern.

The décor looks fantastic, they basically gutted the whole space and it's very modern looking.  Comfortable seating and lots of it.  Quite an upgrade from the previous tenant.  We had dinner around 7:15 on a Tuesday and it was about 3/4 full.  We were seated immediately and a server greeted us within 3 minutes.  Our drinks came out very quickly.  So far so good.......

After this, the wheels kind of fell off.  My wife ordered a half pound of the steamed shrimp with garlic butter.  I decided I didn't want to get super messy, so I got fried shrimp with French fries.  I've had Hot N Juicy's fried shrimp before and loved it, so I didn't think it was going to be an issue.  Well, after about 7 minutes my wife's shrimp was at the table.  I then waited............and waited.  My wife was put in the position of eating her shrimp alone or waiting until my food arrived and then eating a cold dinner.  During this period, while we waited, the waitress basically ignored us.  I think she could tell how angry I was.  25 minutes after my wife's food arrived, I spoke with a supervisor.  She was nice about it, apologized that they were short staffed.  The fries then came out after about 30 minutes.  My shrimp didn't come out until nearly 35 minutes after my wife's food arrived.  This was approximately 40-45 minutes after I ordered.  So, that kind of turned us off to the whole meal.  It may be that my opinion was colored by the experience, but I also thought the food wasn't as good as the Spring Mountain locations.  The breading on the fried shrimp was thicker than last time I had it.  The Cajun fries were good however.  

They handled it well, we were only charged for the steamed shrimp in the bag.  The supervisor and our server were apologetic, but like I said, the meal was pretty much ruined.  I think we'll probably give this location another shot, but so far they seem to be having some issues.
I ordered 2lbs shrimp, medium, extra juicy and a side of rice. The shrimp was extremely over cooked, to the point where it was mushy. I ate less than a pound before I told my bf I was done. It was just too mushy for me. The rice was also mushy, they used way too much water. Service was alright... We didn't get our limes and salt/pepper until I asked for it. The food took a while to come out. I prefer the Chinatown location, but the fact that this location is literally 2 mins away from me I can't complain. This venue is nicer, I love the open concept. They also have two sinks outside the bathroom, if you just needa wash your hands! 

I gave 4 stars because it's still very new, and I have no doubts that they will improve!
As with any new restaurant location, there are going to be a few kinks. If you are ordering from the fried menu, be prepared to wait a while longer for your meal, even if other people in your party are ordering from the boiled menu. Apparently, even just after opening, there is an all-out run on the fryer. My meal did not arrive until well after the other people in my party. They had ordered the shrimp, which was overcooked but basked in the most delicious sauce I had ever tasted. I would give this location a few months to iron out the kinks.  I am returning, as the catfish was delicious, but not when I am under a time crunch. Maybe they need to invest in an additional fryer or prepare themselves more for when the doors open by having the fryers ready to go.
Hot N Juicy and MESSY Good!  They're one week into opening over here at Sansone Park Place right next to East Ocean to be exact. 

For virgin HNJ Crawfish diners here's the drill:

1. Pick Your Cravings...Market Prices per pound. Shrimp is the only one you can order 1/2 pound of. Make note of the list of current prices posted as you enter.

2. Pick Your Spice Level. ..Mild-Extra Spicy

3. Pick Your Seasoning. ..Cajun, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Butter, and their house blends from what I remember. 

4. Roll up your sleeves, tie the bib, and put on the plastic gloves provided for you. There's no dishes or utensils so just dig in!

Since it was my first time here my server guided me thru the menu. My pick: Steamed Shrimp ..Seasoning: Garlic Butter...Spice Level ..mild ..thats all my palate can take. My server read off the sides and Corn Fritter aka Hush Puppies is what I picked. .I don't remember nor did I really didn't pay attention to what else or how much everything was ..my bad. 

My order of shrimp came out in a plastic bag nice and HOT. 

The shrimp is pretty meaty and when you sink your teeth into it's JUICY!

The MESSY part of is that you get to eat with your hands and do the work  peeling the skin off the shrimp. It's messy but  buttery garlicky good!

The staff did a good job tag teaming. Host greeted and seated everyone in line pretty quick. The servers did great.  I was constantly checked up on. It was a fairly short wait for the main entrée to come out. Docked star though because side order came out midway through my meal. I had noted that fried items were a problem after reading some of the reviews here. Looks like the back house  still short a fryer. 

The dining area is pretty big. Seating wise it's great for groups.  You have your choice of sitting in either booth or table that's covered in sheet of plastic. 

Good thing for laid back atmosphere. Cause using no utensils can get messy. NOTE: There's a sink located just outside the restroom so you can clean . Spent just under twenty bucks for lunch. Super  deal for my meal!
Best service out of the three locations.  Super attentive! Got all orders and requests correct the first time. Food was great as always, particularly good here.  =)
Service is a big deal to me. Having worked in all aspects of the service industry since I was 15, I consider myself more patient and considerate in regards to the efforts of other service industry people. 

My family came into Hot n' Juicy early on Tuesday evening November 12th. We were greeted at the door by a waitress. She sat us in a booth, and as we were just starting to crawl up into it, she asked us what we would like to drink. We hadn't even had a chance to sit down, or even look at the menu - so, of course we didn't know what we wanted yet. She said she'd be back to take our order...but didn't come back for quite a long time. We sat and did our best to make eye contact with her, my husband becoming more and more visibly annoyed as the wait endured. He finally got up and walked to the counter to ask if anyone could come over to the table. Considering it was 5:00 in the evening, and the restaurant was only half full, we were confused as to why we were being ignored. Just as we were getting ready to get up an leave, the girl came back over to take our order. 

And after all the waiting, the food finally staggered out. We enjoyed all the items we ordered. My husband tried the corn fritters for the first time and thought they were great. I loved the king crab legs with the Hot n' Juicy special sauce. We ordered everything mild, as my husband dislikes spicy food. I found even the mild sauce to have a bit of a kick. It was so garlicky and amazing. We will be back to give Hot n' Juicy on Eastern another chance, as this location is closer to our house. My 3 star rating is mainly due to service being sub-average, the food itself was good.
It was once upon when I visited the other Hot n' Juicy location on Spring Mountain and Decatur. If my memory serves me right I had no complaints with the food, the service was fine, and the concept of eating shellfish out of a bag was kind of cool. One thing that I remember vividly of the time was the shower I took that night I ate the meal and how much my hair smelled like garlic and how my clothes were marinated with the smell of the restaurant. Although the food and experience was mediocre, I felt like all the work to get rid of the stench was too much.

Like I said, though, that was once upon a time. The other night, I was in the mood to eat some shrimp; some really spicy shrimp. I was out in the Henderson area visiting the in-laws and I searched Yelp for Hot n' Juicy with the intention of visiting the same location I had gone long ago, knowing full well that I should to gear up for the occasion and what would be required after. To my surprise, however, a location that was much closer to where I was popped up in the GUI and I decided to try it out.

What a great decision! This location has recently opened up I have learned. The inside of the place looks modern and contemporary, they have nice big booths for dining and quite a bit of seating. We arrived right around 8:30 to 9:00 pm and there was about a 15 minute wait, which I was expecting for a Sunday night. There was plenty of open seating at the bar where I would have sat had my wife and I not brought our little niece along to enjoy the experience. There were 3 to 4 flat-screen TV's on each wall meaning if you every wanted to eat spicy seafood while you catch a game, there wouldn't be a bad seat in the house. 

Part of the experience was identical to that of the other location on Spring Mountain and Decatur; the tables are wrapped in plastic for you to discard the shells of the fish, gloves are given upon request, no lids for the drinks (although, you may be able to request one), and a little plastic bib to remind you that you hardly need to be careful while you eat.

Another part of the experience, which I thoroughly enjoyed, that I couldn't recall (or perhaps didn't exist) from my previous visit to the other location; there was a nice ventilation system in this place. The air was only mildly filled with the flavorful aromas simmering from their savory sauces.

Ok, now the reason I really wanted to write this review: THE FOOD. I got was I was coming for; I got my shrimp. However, I don't remember the food being this good! I ordered two pounds of shrimp. In one bag we went with the Louisiana sauce "spicy" and in the other we got the"Hot n' Juicy special sauce "spicy". Although they were both good, the house sauce was exceptionally good. I found myself dipping the Louisiana flavored shrimp in the remnants of what was once a pound of of Hot n' Juicy Special flavored shrimp. I probably looked like a rabid dog while I sucking out whatever was contained in the heads of the shrimps just to enjoy every last drop of the sauce. I was going to the empty out the bag as a drink, but by that time my wife was already giving me the look that meant I needed to take it down a notch; so I complied.

I walked out of that place a happy man. I didn't smell like I spent a couple hours in a garlic-steamed sauna and I had just enjoyed some of the best tasting shrimp I had ever tasted. Needless to say, I'll be back, and most likely to this location.
Awesome service, great food. It's nice to finally have H&J on my side of town. I got 1lb of shrimp in the special sauce and it was delicious as ever. My only complaint is that I was told you can no longer order a side of extra sauce- but I wound up not needing it and nommed on some corn instead- which was a lovely addition and helped balance out the meal. Very happy about this new location! Wait staff were very friendly, prompt, and attentive.
This is the best seafood restaurant. The extra spicy hot n juicy special sauce is bomb, add a blue moon with that, to balance the heat. I love it.
So happy they opened one on my side of town!

When we got there, there were still tables open. We had a party of 8, but the guy server refused to seat us until at least half of our party was present. Which the eighth was a four month old baby that wasn't even going to eat. It was understandable until the tables started filling up and the only table left was ours that a girl server purposely left reserved for us. Instead of the guy server out of courtesy asking us if the rest of the party was here, which they were, but were trying to find parking, (the parking isn't that great in this plaza by the way) he was pretty darn close to just seating the next party that arrived. I felt that was rude in and inconsiderate as we were patiently waiting. The least he could have done was ask if they were here or not. They could have been walking to the door and he probably would have just seated the other party if it weren't for my husband telling the girl server that our party was parking. That was frustrating.

We finally sat down and ordered. When it came to us waiting for the food, it was taking a lot longer than I had experienced at the other two Hot N Juicy's on Spring Mountain. We were probably waiting about 45 minutes to an hour. We only ordered shrimp and the rest were chicken baskets. The other two would have the food out a lot quicker.  Definitely no more than a 20 minute wait after ordering.

Every time we needed something we had to keep looking for our server as he never really came to check up on us. 

At this location, I felt the service was about a 1 1/2 stars. I love the food and the location which bumped my rating to 3 stars. I love how they have a sink in the hall to avoid the clutter in the bathrooms. I would choose this location as my least favorite out of the three, but since it's less than 10 minutes away from where I stay, I will be returning for that reason.
I'm being very generous right now with a 2 star rating and this is only because it was only 10 days since they opened this location so I'm giving them the benefit.

There service was very unorganized.  It seemed that the staff was running around with there head cut off. 

Let's start with drinks.  They failed to refill my drinks numerous times.  There were a few people responsible to refill drinks throughout the entire restaurant and they had no clue who to service.

The food.  The Pro: tasted the same as the other locations.  The Con: they messed up my order.  Forgot to add my sausage and corn.  In one of my bags they put the wrong spice and mix.  Overall I had to wait at least 15 mins for them to fix the order.

Our waitress couldn't handle the tables she was assigned to.  She was a nice lady but she was very flustered and couldn't handle the pressure.  

This location is very nice compared to the rest.  They invested a good amount of money to make it look that way.  There were many TV's all around so it was great to catch the game during dinner.

I will definitely give them another shot after a month to see if they have improved there service.

My suggestion:  perhaps they need to have all the employees play Diner Dash so they understand how to improve there flow lol
now that I've been here a couple times I'm pretty content. it's a lot bigger than the other locations. service is on point. (our server I thought he was kinda cute) food of course was hot n juicy! I'm definitely  a returning customer! :)
Usually go to the one in Chinatown. Was pretty excited to have one closer to home. I don't think they've gotten the hang of things yet here having only been open a few weeks. Service is slow and inattentive. Had to ask for refills and flag anyone down when we wanted to order more food. We came early and there were only three other tables here yet it still took over 29 minutes to get each order. Not exaggerating. I timed it. Mussels were slightly over cooked but still good. We would have ordered more but this was  just taking too long and we didn't want to keep waiting. We will come back and give this location another chance in a few months after they have more practice. Uris ended up taking great care of us in the end and I appreciate him trying to recover our dinner service.
Love the place
Love the food
Love the servers
Friendly and a fun place 
Would return again and again
Thoroughly Enjoyed this Place!

I am sooooo excited there is a HNJ here in Henderson, so it makes for a small commute!  Yes!

a.  The cuisine - For those of you who are no regulars of the two in Chinatown, this is your seafood all you can eat place where garlic is supreme and vampires are non-existent!  This time, with a smaller team, we had 3 lbs of Shrimp and 3 lbs of Crawfish.  I like that they told you that the crawfish was frozen compared to fresh, but we ordered it anyway.  The good news is that we had it, the bad news is that all the class do fall off and while that is not significant as I don't eat the small claws, it seems just odd having a bag remaining of CLAWS!

b.  The sauces - We had the Hot N Juicy and also the Lemon pepper at a Mild Heat level.  Both were very good and the Hot N Juicy sauce had a  slight kick to it.

c.  The service - Everyone was top notch and very helpful.  I really like the team atmosphere of how they work there.  Everyone pitches in to help.  I also met Katie, the assistant manager and had a nice chat with her.  Everyone here is awesomely friendly.

d.  The ambiance - Clean spacious and roomy!  They also have a hand washing station rather than just using the bathroom sink.  That is perfect as this food is messy!

e.  Busy - We came at 12:45 on a Saturday, so it was only about 70% full.  I heard that they are swamped from 6:05 - 7:45 pm when everyone comes to eat dinner and otherwise, the crowds have yet to arrive.

They will be having a grand opening on Dec 7, so I expect it will get very busy soon!

GK says, this place is worth checking out!
Delicious!!! Get the snow crab with garlic butter and the shrimp with spicy Cajun sauce...soooo good..don't wear long sleeves..or fancy clothes..because your gonna get messy!!! But great atmosphere, good food, ok service.
I came here for the UYE last night and loved it!  The staff was simply the best and the food was good.  It was my first time at one of these seafood places and the staff talked me through the entire process.  

I ordered a pound of shrimp, medium spice, with the sauce being the Hot N Juicy which is a combination of all their sauces.  you put on your bib and some plastic gloves and when your bag of goodness arrives, you dig in and start taking off the shells.

After awhile, I got really frustrated with the slowness at which I was removing shells.  I took off the gloves and then the process became easier--messier fingers but faster work.

Robin was our main server and she was a GEM!  What a pleasant woman and what a help!

I will be back.  This is one of the things I do by myself unless my wife wants to have fried chicken fingers.  How you limit yourself if you don't do seafood!
Came here for a UYE that Teri W had put together!  So off the bat, we were a larger group.  Some insight for larger groups, they will divide the check into 3 different checks.  Were were not told this in the beginning so our server was kind enough to split the checks for each party.  Also they auto grat larger parties so watch out for that as it usually not mentioned.

This was the first time dining at a place like HnJ.  There were no prices on the menu for the main courses but they were posted at the register and different places around the restaurant.  I would think a daily printing of the menu with the prices would alleviate squinting to see the price posted across the way and table mates not thinking that your staring at them when your actually reading the menu.  :)

Our server suggested that if it was your first time here to order spice level that is one level lower than you are normal used too!  I myself am a medium level gal all around and decided to just go for it!

I ordered the snow crab legs, medium spice with butter and garlic. After putting on a bib and choosing to dig in with bare hands, the fun begins!  Plastic gloves are available if you choose not to get dirty!  The crab legs were good.  They were fresh! and fun to eat!  

I would come back here another time to check out other options!  Give them a try and decide for yourself!
Man, what a delicious menu! The entire experience was great. Multiple servers, and the sweet asst manager, checked on us. My drink never went empty. Nice to be spoiled by the staff!

I highly recommend making friends with your server. They recommended the freshest catch, good deals and sauce/spice combos that were to die for. I ate 1 lb of lemon pepper shrimp and 2 lbs of the very reasonably prized crawfish. Delicious!!!!

Fun, messy, delicious. You can't go wrong at Hot N' Juicy. Great service, great prices, epic seafood. Don't second guess yourself, Do It! 

...Now to figure out the special sauce recipe...
Service was on point tonight, and food came out quickly. Much happier this time around!! I'm addicted to the crab legs with the hot n' juicy special sauce, so we'll be back soon.
Garlic shrimp.... yummy! This new location of Hot N Juicy, impressed the shrimp outta me. I was very impressed with the cleanliness and customer service. compared to the other Hot N Juicy i would say this is the best location they have. They have television for you sports fanatics. My best friend and I had dinner here one evening, we ordered the garlic shrimp and lobster legs. It was delicious and had no complaints at all. Service was phenomenal they checked on you and refilled your waters all the time. I will definitely go back to this place, had a great experience!
Great selection, great service, great food.
This was my second time to Hot & Juicy. I was NOT disappointed at all!

Since I live in Henderson I was extremely excited to try this location out. This location was not nearly as crowded as the other 2 locations (although soon I'm sure it will be). 

I took a coworker with me, it was a first for him and I'm sure this will be a new lunch spot for us...here's why:

Close to work...'nuff said.

I went with my usual...1lb of Snow Crab, 1lb of Shrimp (with Corn and Andouille)

I usually do the Hot & Juicy sauce and get this XXTRA Spicy...I got the Shrimp this way  but the AMAZING waitress, Molly recommended the Lemon Pepper for the Snow Crab. I'm glad that I took her advice!! We also got a side of lemon and pepper on the side. 

The food was good as usual but the service here was key!! We were not rushed, beers refilled quickly and she even held a Shrimp seminar for my Hot & Juicy first timer friend which was really cool!! I will definitely be back!!

I will probably try some new things every time I go back but the one thing that I WILL NOT change is where I sat. Molly is the best!!

Seafood, beer, Molly, Seafood, beer, Molly....LOVE THIS PLAY!!

SERVED BY MOLLY AND I'M SWEATIN' ...WHOOOO!!
Ahh Hot N Juicy... I'm glad to see you finally expanding to somewhere more than 2 miles away...lol.  This one has the same feel as the others and still leaves you and your clothes smelling like it for the next couple days.

The layout is great... lots of tables with plenty of space; not as cramped as the first one...just as packed though.

Food is the same, nothing changed on the menu.  We did have a little delay with getting our food but that happens with 12 people.  

If you are on the south side and was too lazy to drive; now you can get in on what all the talk was about.
Love this place but I am only giving it 3 stars because of an incident that happened here my friend took us out to dinner .They served our food in plastic pouches but they broke splashing us with the sauce. We didn't say anything but while they were cleaning up they accidentally poured sauce again in 2 jackets narrowly missing my friends very expensive  purse. We talked to her and she apologized and then she pretended like nothing happened.  After wanting to talk to the manager and waiting for a long time. They gave us a minimal discount and offered to pay for the dry cleaning. WE NEVER BOTHERED TO CALL THEM ABOUT THE JACKETS (.
I usually hang in Chinatown, but the sinks outside! the bathroom! Brilliant! Be sure to ask for Robin, she's one of the friendliest servers in the world, and was very gentle with the first timers I brought along. Also had the fried catfish for the first time, and was amazed how good it was.
The most accommodating server ever! We loved Robin!! 

I was a hot and juicy virgin - Robin eased me into my first experience like a true pro. I didn't come prepared but Robin anticipated my needs and took care of me. I have a lot to learn but I'm hungry for more!  

We had a little bit of everything and it was goooood!
I love Hot n Juicy, first time I had it this past summer my girlfriend took me to the location on Spring Mountain.

Just recently moved to Las Vegas and found that there was a new opened location close by to where we had moved!   Excited my boyfriend and I decided to order some for take out. 

Flavors were great and the crawfish was yummy! Loved everything about it, but knocking off one star because we didn't get any gloves to eat it with! 

It might have been my boyfriends fault for not checking the bag and asking If there were gloves, I mean I know anyone wouldn't really want to get that messy with their hands while eating hot n juicy.  I also called and asked if they provide gloves when ordering take out, the girl over the phone said that you have to ask for gloves when you order over the phone, so make sure you ask for gloves!  

If you forget some gloves, just drive down to Walgreens and get your own box, that's what we did lol
Compared to the other locations this one is the nicest and biggest.  Although as nice  as the location is the customer service is lacking.  We have never had an issue ordering Garlic & Butter clams (simply garlic & butter) At this location we got it with the Cajun spices . When we asked the server about the order she stated they do not have a Garlic & Butter selection. My boyfriend didn't want to make a fuss so he was just going to eat it. The manager came over to explain the spices and was slightly condescending but she agreed to fix it and give him the the g&b sauce. OK problem solved...when the clams arrived the manager handed them to him and spoke to him like he was a child and again explained if  you don't specify that you only want g&b you will get the Cajun as well.  He bit his tongue because he was about to lose it.  I was kind of taken back by her tone as well.  When he started eating there was so much garlic that it as difficult to eat.  He was so over it and angry he  just did not want to talk to anyone. He felt it was done on purpose because it had to be remade.  I'm still not sure we will visit this location again as the Spring Mountain Locations have never given us any issues.  We hope they get it together and learn how to talk to customers in a respectful manner.
Given just a 1 star for this particular location is for the sake of it's name. Other than that, I would gladly had given a zero if I could. The other two locations on Spring Mountain are well rated because staff that actually acknowledged their customers. Unlike this location. 

Was the very first time for my family and I to come here because of distance, so we decided to come here. Came inside, no wait at all, no one greeted us, waited at the door for a good 7 mins, then sat us. Took our order after 10 mins, waiter didn't give us any specials, what they didn't have, what wasn't in season etc... Ordered 3lbs of Hot n Juicy seasoned shrimp mild and 1lbs of Crawfish with same seasoning. Order didn't come out till 30 mins later, without any lemons or butter, not even the salt and pepper. We basically had to ask for everything that was already supposed to be with our orders. Orders of food that wasn't ours kept coming to our table, waiters were confused and didn't know which orders belonged to what table. 

Ripped into the bag of shrimp, which was over cooked, but was tasty and little spicy. Ripped into the crawfish and the bag only had 2 big pieces and the rest were about a size of a quarter some even smaller believe it or not. Then asked the server if they had bigger ones they can change for me or exchange it with shrimp instead. She then said "oh they're not in season" which she was supposed to mention before we ordered (pass visits in other location) also with Boiling Crab. If she had mentioned that the crawfish was out of season, then obviously we wouldn't have gotten that. 

Waiter then asked a fellow co worker (man waiter) on what to do. He came to our table
And told us, there's nothing we can do, you can order what you want with the same charges that's on the menu or take it off the bill (very rude). So not only did we wait a while for our food, being the fact that my kids were hungry, they didn't acknowledge or take care of their customer needs by exchanging what we wanted since it was wrong on their end. 

At this point I was already furious and wanted to leave, I then asked for the check right away, ruined our whole dinner, and they even forgot to get my check, so I went up to the register waited for them to print out my check, and they also charged me for extra butter and rice that I didn't ask for, but I still paid it, money wasn't the problem on my end. While I was waiting at the register, two customers got up from their seats and asked for hot sauce, forks and spoons. That shows lack of customer service. Something has to be done. Perhaps a more thorough customer service education? I would rather drive the miles than to come back to this place. I WILL NEVER COME BACK HERE. I will stick to Boiling Crab. Happy New Year!
Food quality is there..
Service / waitresses could be a little bit more happier about their job..
The garlicky, buttery, Hot n Juicy smell in your breath and fingers need to go..
Love this place and love, love, love SEAFOOD!  You must like seafood to like this restaurant!  Make sure you ask for some plastic gloves when you eat the food or your hands will smell like HNJ for at least a day.  

I love the food!  A little pricey but good for an occasional outing!
I love love loved the garlic butter crab legs!!!!!! The oyster shooters were to die for. Our server, Angela, was such a sweetheart. She was consistent in making sure that we were enjoying our first time at hot n juicy. Great restaurant experience overall. We'll be coming back soon!
When my friend told me a "Hot N Juicy Crawfish" opened up on Eastern Avenue, I was thrilled!  I've always wanted to go but the other locations were a bit far for me.  So, me, my boyfriend and a friend of mine decided to have lunch here after church yesterday. I'm very happy we chose this place!  We were greeted and seated right away.  The staff was very friendly and attentive, always making sure we were being taken care of and had everything we needed.  Being that it was our first time, the waitress kindly explained the menu to us and told us all about the sauces and their intensity.  We ordered 2 dozen oysters and each had 2 pounds of crawfish as well.  The oysters were very clean and a good size.  With a little lemon juice and cocktail sauce, they were pretty tasty.  I ordered the crawfish with the Hot n Juicy "mild" sauce.  I was told that if I liked spicy that I should "kick it down a notch" because their sauces are one step up.  They weren't kidding.  The mild sauce had a nice bite to it.  I suggest if you don't like anything spicy, order "less than mild" sauce.  The bag of crawfish also comes with a potato and small corn cobb.  We didn't wait long for our food and began our crawfish adventure.  Before digging into my bag of hot n juicy goodness, I made sure to put on the recommended gloves and my plastic bib.  Once suited up, I opened the bag, pulled out one of the spicy crustaceans and went to town.  The crawfish were just like the name says, hot n juicy!  The mild sauce was a bit spicy, but nothing I couldn't handle. I actually like a little fire to my meals.  The crawfish were easy to peel,but very messy.  Thank goodness for the gloves and paper towels!  I devoured most of the bag, leaving just  a small amount on the bottom.  I liked the Hot N Juicy sauce, which is a mixture of all of the sauces on the menu, but I would like to try some of the other sauces on their own. All in all, I was not disappointed.  My friends and I really enjoyed our lunch at Hot N Juicy Crawfish and will definitely be back again real soon!
Love the garlic butter  snow crab. The food quality is excellent. They could work on the service but the food makes up for it.
I am updating my review because I lowered their score from 5 stars to 3 stars. I've dined at all three locations. Every time I order rice they neglect to bring it. I have to ask twice for my rice. Everything else is delivered. What is so hard about remembering to give me my rice ???? It's so annoying. If it weren't for the snow crabs I would not return.
I have been to this location twice now. My first experience was great but this time wasn't.  I was seated right away and a waitress got our drinks out pretty quickly.  We ordered two lbs of spicy hot n' juicy shrimp.  The waitress asked if we would like it in two bags I said "yes please, and some corn in both bags." We also ordered some rice.  Our rice came out first and it was SERIOUSLY over cooked.  To the point where it had a weird taste.  A different waitress then came to our table and dropped one bag of 2 lbs of shrimp on the table with no corn.  I then got the attention of a different waitress and asked if we had the right food. I explained to her that the waitress we ordered from said we could have 2 bags of shrimp with 1 lb each and that we ordered corn.  She then took the bag back and came back with 2 bags of shrimp and no corn.  A different lady then brought out two things of corn soaked in sauce. Which was nice even though it wasn't in the bag.  Service was pretty terrible especially when I made it known exactly what I wanted from my initial food order to ensure the waitress would not have to run back and forth with different requests.  The shrimp tasted okay but was kind of mushy.  The rice was gross and super over cooked like I said before.  I will most likely try this location again only because my boyfriend enjoys the atmosphere.
This is one delayed review.  Better late than never, right? 

Teri W put together a UYE and of course, we weren't going to say no.  First of all, I've been to the Spring Mountain locations before.  The food is the same, but the ambiance is totally different.  This Hot N Juicy is bigger, cleaner, and has enough TV screens to keep you occupied while you wait for your food.  If you felt cramped at the other locations, then give this H&N a shot. 

I dig this H&J and as for their food, it's messy good.  Present during our dinner was Teri W, Terri R, Tracy P & Hubby, Khatherine & Boypren, Michael K, and Norm K.  We had a great time during dinner and our waitresses were efficient with handling such a big group.  Like I stated before, the food is messy good.  You can't eat here without getting food all over the place. Terri and I shared the 2 lbs of their Garlic Butter Shrimp and White Rice.  My strategy was to peel the shrimp, mix it with my white rice, and try to stay clean.  Peeling the shrimp was a slippery mess and it's a good thing I had gloves.  As for trying to be proper and eating with a fork, that didn't happen.  The garlic butter shrimp with rice was so good that I ate it Pinoy style (with my hands).  The shrimp was seasoned just right and I can't wait to give them a shot again.  

TIP:  Don't wear white and use their bib.  

PS:   The spice levels can be high by choice.  Ask Michael K.  He went for their hottest flavor.  I can't even imagine peeling that shrimp with no gloves and a paper cut.  Hah!
The seafood was very high quality. We had shrimp, crawfish and crab legs. Never eaten here before so "Dixie" our server was helpful in explaining the menu to us and even showing us how to open the crawfish. The crab legs were my favorite. Very large and flavorful. The service is what stood out to me. Dixie was always stopping by to see if we needed drink refills, more gloves, items cleared. She really did a great job! I'm not a huge fan of cajun spices so I can't say I will go here a lot, but it was a fun and new experience and the seafood was cooked perfectly!
Ate Hot nJuicy last night for the first time. Went with the whole fam-bam. Nine deep and a high chair.  None of us were familiar with the differences in crab. The wait staff was very helpful guiding us through our menu selections.  The food is delicious and the options for seasoning and spice are right on. The only bummer was paying 44$ for one Dungeness crab. It was tasty, though.  Overall a great experience and will be back. Hopefully soon!
Messy and delicious! We got a pound of Louisiana style spicy crawfish and a pound of the hot n juicy special medium shrimp. Our waitress told us that the "spicy" level was really really spicy, but it was still an enjoyable spice in my opinion. The service was great and the food came out fast. Definitely a fun and unique dining experience getting messy and peeling the shrimp/crawfish all over the table. My hands still smell like the sauces from all the peeling, but I don't care because the sauce was so good!
Been to other 2 locations in town multiple times before first visit of this location. HUGE, BRIGHT sign. really hard to miss =X located next to East Ocean Dim Sum. 

Clean and doesn't smell (yet) XD still new. 

Service wise. Good and Bad. Their service for seating is bad. Before i had arrived, 2 other parties waited a decent amount of time, to be sitting, instead of standing and waiting. I'm not sure how long they waited but i waited at least 5-10 minutes before they asked, and they didnt ask until a 4th party showed up and stood there before anyone asked. The service in terms of at table, was great. My water cup was never empty (almost usually full, which is surprising for a Hot n Juicy), food came out pretty fast as well. 

Food wise, since the last time i had Hot n Juicy (Spring Mtn & Valley View location), had ordered spicy. It was great but a little too much spicy, covering the natural seafood flavor, and my friend's stomach didnt like it too much XD. This time, decided to order medium instead. This locations medium, felt like a mild, if not a little lower. The sauce in the bag, seemed a little watery/diluted as well. 

My mistake, i had ordered 3 lb of shrimp, medium, hot n juicy special, in 1 bag. Therefore, we couldnt really reach the sauce. Had asked the waitress for a side of sauce, which she told us they charge extra for sauce, and recommended to get like a potato or something for $0.60 and comes with the same amount of sauce. The sauce that came with the potato, seemed thicker and tastier (to me anyway) so that sauce disappeared quite fast XD. 

Overall, good experience. Aside from maybe the spice level difference, it matches the other locations (always worrisome for me, that quality would be different between locations sometimes) 

For those who like watching sports, TV's everywhere, doesnt matter which direction you sit. I sat facing the front of the store, and i still had maybe 3 tv's in my view.
We like crawfish, so we have enjoyed coming to the original Hot n Juicy in Chinatown, but it was just a little far. Pretty exciting to have one right by the house now! 
I love that they serve you the food in a bag, right on the table, and that you can pick your own custom spice. The shrimp and crab legs are awesome, but the namesake crawfish are tiny - just ok. Prices are pretty reasonable and you get a ton of food.
Don't wear your best shirt - it's messy!
My husband and I have been Hot N Juicy Crawfish fans since moving to Las Vegas eight years ago. This new opening was a wonderful surprise! The food is amazing and the service is impeccable, as always. We ordered the Hot N Juicy (medium spicy) seasoned crawfish, which were small and frozen to start with, but had an amazing flavor and texture. The perfect crawfish season is Fat Tuesday (2014 = March 4) thru July 4th - so we are eating these delictable critters at an unseasonable time of year. BUT still quite yummy!

We love restaurants where all of the staff helps all of the patrons, and you don't have to wait for "your server" to be notified of your request. This is the perfect example of this customer service philosophy. Not only are you not waiting for anything, the entire staff stops by your table frequently to ask if you need anything. The assistant manager, Katie (totally adorable girl), even stopped by our table to make sure we had everything we needed - PERFECT! 

This wonderful addition to the Hot N Juicy chain will not disappoint. If you love Cajun food, you must give your taste buds a treat, and check out this new addition to the Hot N Juicy chain, just south of the 215 on Eastern. Yummy!!!
Great atmosphere. Lemon pepper is delicious. The only bad is that we came on a night where the crawfish wasn't fresh. They only had frozen ones. The staff is super friendly and actually looks like they enjoy what they do. Will definitely be back.
This place is so cool! I have never been to Hot N Juicy or Boiling Crab, so it was definitely a different experience. We weren't greeted right away when we walked in, but it wasn't a big deal, plus the restaurant was packed and we barely had to wait because of our timing.

You aren't assigned a specific waiter/waitress.  Someone seats you/takes your order and basically if you need anything or want to order more, you flag down whoever is walking by.  This is both positive and negative; you never need anything until you realize no one is around, haha.  They have bibs and gloves available, but we didn't need the bibs, really.  I started my meal with gloves on, but they made it hard to peel the shrimp.

We ordered one pound of shrimp with medium hot-n-juicy and one pound with medium lemon pepper. We also ordered one order of Cajun fries.  Everything really is hot and juicy!  All of the prices for their seafood are based on the market price, so if you check out their menu online looking for prices, you won't find anything.  The cheapest seafood item was $10.99 (crawfish) and our shrimp cost $11.99/lb.  

It was delicious and we will certainly return!

***Beware if you have a sensitive stomach like me, you will be on the toilet shortly after. Take care to order spices according to what your body can handle!***
So went back and they've improved a lot. Everyone seems to work as a team and someone was always watching over our table. I'm glad cause it's delicious and conveniently located!
Decided to give this place a try and I honestly left without the most important thing.. a full stomach. This was my first time going here and I ordered 3 pounds of crawfish which were 10.99/pound. I ordered two of the Hot N Juicy flavors and 1 pound of Louisiana. The crawfish were large and it was messy and everything I thought when it came to eating them. Only one of my bags had a piece of corn while the other two pounds just had crawfish. I ate them the traditional way where I ate the tail meat and sucked the heads. I ordered butter which was 1 dollar extra. The problem I guess I have is the amount of meat that come from crawfish and the amount of money that will be spent on the amount it takes at least me to get "full" is not worth the price of admission. Other than that the main thing the crawfish were actually good and you come for those.. so give it a try .. but make sure you get those bags filled with more corn.
Ate at spring mnt locafion 6months ago.filthylittle place. Poorly lit food about average service below average. Very smelly like sewage. Ridin dirty restaurants this is one of the dirtiest in Vegas. Heard good things about the eastern location. Went there to eat horrible spice is inconsistent the waitress forgot our food like 3 different times they didn't get the order right at all not by the end of the night. My king crab which I paid $27 a pound for was cold inside on some and overl cook and mushy on others.
anybody you write a good review about these places is not a qualified diner. They probably don't eat out much money do they probably eat somewhere like Long John Silvers. This is a horrible place at both locations completely rotten service with super poor quality food
Love this place! The food is always great and it hits the spot. The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you are served. The staff is always very friendly as well. I've been to another location, but this one always works best for me and there's pleanty of parking space.
I had a great experience at this restaurant. The food was great and the service was even better. I think her name was Shelby. Can't wait to go back.
A fun and unique dining experience, you get to be as messy as you like (would not recommend for a first date, if you're shy! Lol). 

You wait up front to be seated, but at this location the wait is never longer than 3 minutes. After you are seated, they start you off with your drinks, bibs, and if you request for them, gloves. 

At this location, they have a new spice level! "Baby Spice," right before "Mild." I always take my order mild, which is only at about a 'hot cheetohs' level of spice, so I'm guessing baby spice would not be spicy at all.

My usual order is a pound of mild, garlic butter shrimp with a side of cajun fries and deep fried calamari. If your skin is sensitive like mine, I wouldn't suggest ordering spice levels higher than mild, otherwise your lips will swell!

The service here is average on somedays, good on most. They once gave me a basket of cajun fries with half of the fries being cold. I usually wouldn't mind, but that order was for my boyfriend's mom, so I asked for them to heat it up for us and the waitress seriously rolled her eyes at me! Lol. Which reminds me they gave us those fries when we were almost done with our meal, so you would probably expect them to be fresh in the first place.

Despite all this, I love Hot n Juicy, and will continue to be a regular.
I would have to say my favorite place in all of Henderson/Vegas area.  The Hot and Juicy special sauce is like crack. I love seafood and the sauce just makes it that much better.  I've been a regular at this place for the last year.  I've become friendly with the management and all the staff. I have not had a bad experience yet. 

The oysters with their special red sauce are some of the best I have ever had. I've had expensive oysters at fancy steakhouses not as good. I've pretty much tried everything in the restaurant at this point but my favorites are the oysters, clams, snow crab and occasionally i will get crawfish if I am in the mood.  

It will be hard for me to ever leave Henderson/Vegas and move somewhere else that does not have one of these restaurants.  In fact I just ate their last night and I still crave it again today.  

I first tried the place after seeing Man vs Food on TV. Noemy who was featured on the show still works there. She is super cool, very friendly manager.  I just tried it by chance to say I went there. I had no idea how addicting it would become. The management is great. They always treat us good at all 3 locations in Vegas area. 

The only advice I can give you is to wear a bib, wear gloves because you will get messy.  You will smell like the sauce the rest of the night even still so don't plan on leaving your house without showering like 7x.  

I usually take all my friends/family that visit me to this place when they are in town when they just want to kick back and have a few beers and eat some good food.
Love the shrimp and crab. Great place to eat and get dirty.  I recommend wearing your bib and gloves.  Hot and Juicy medium is my favorite choice.  Service is great!
This location is fantastic.  The service is great and the seafood is delicious.  Fun atmosphere and an all around messy good time.
Super yummy! Friendly service and delicious food!!!! If you are not a fan of spice go for the lowest level (not so spicy)! Be warned the mild version is still a bit spicy. 

The hot N juicy special is so tasty you won't regret it (unless you loath spice).  An order of rice is so necessary because the sauce is too good to waste!  

The service at the eastern location is on point! I went in for lunch at 12pm and it was not busy (WARNING this place is usually jammed pack) I would recommend coming when the doors open to skip the long wait.  Don't get me wrong eating here is totally worth the wait! 

The shrimp was cooked perfectly. The crab is succulent and sweet!  The crawfish is cleaned well and sweet to the taste.  The staff makes eye contact and constantly runs checks throughout the restaurant. Very cohesive team working here.  

The atmosphere is nice too. The eastern location has an open feel to it compared to the original location. I Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a fun and delicious dining experience.
This place is amazing!!! The food was delicious and the service was great. Hats off to our server Brooke. We will be back tomorrow.
This location is much nicer and cleaner than the other places on Spring Mountain in China Town.
Came here for my birthday yesterday, i was not impressed AT ALL.The staff at the Spring Mtn locations are more personable and perky than these ppl, i just didnt get the awesome vibe that i usually get at the othr locations
Always awesome but the benefit of this location is it is far enough from the strip to keep the weekenders away.
After living in the Las Vegas valley for several years and have never gone to Hot and Juicy Crawfish. Now I can say that I went. But I won't be back. The food was good  the atmosphere great, the service is what is lacking. We were seated and then asked if we wanted anything to drink, I said no because I would like to see the menu. Well no one came .  We waited and waited.  I said we would wait 2 more mintues and then we would leave.  Finally were served.  Food took forever even though tables that were seated after us received their dinner before us. I never knew who my server was. They all asked or stopped by the table. But never when I needed them. It's too bad.
We live in Henderson so we wre so excited when this location opened up. We tried it a few months ago when it first opened. The food (sauce) was not the same and neither was the service. We chalked it up to just opening. 

Tried it again last night. Service is BAD. Several people did come to check on us. however after asking for my husband's rice THREE times we finally got it at almost the end of the meal. The sauce for some reason is absolutely not the same. We both ordered snow crab, one with garlic butter mild, one with hot-n-juicy mild. Very little sauce in the bag and the taste is just different. The crab was not as fresh it seemed either. We both became sick last night. 

It was so different that when we left I called the location on Spring Mtn to see if it was the same owner. The girl on the phone was very nice and said yes. She advised me to place a YELP review and then someone would contact me. We will only be going to this location from now on, but I do hope they fix this one. If this is the first location someone tries I doubt they will be back!
Been to the spring mountain location many times && I have to say This Henderson location is awesome!!! If you like Crawfish look no further, Not only is the crawfish/crabs phenomenal the staff is Amazing. Valerie greeted us at the door super sweet girl, Myra our server was great as always she did very well of juggling both a few tables && Togo. Kelsey was also great she checked on us from time to time. All the girls was very friendly && personable. I love the fact that they work as a team && each staff member ensures your enjoying your meal! Customer service is a big thing to me && this location gets 5 stars :) Thanks Myra, Valerie && Kelsey for the laughs & good convo && thank you hot n juicy once more for not letting me down! See ya next week for lunch.
This is the second location of Hot'n'Juicy I've been too (the other one being in Chinatown off Spring Mountain Rd) and it remains off-the-chain. This time we had a wonderful server who's name escapes me (Brooke?) but she was very helpful. My wife had never been before and opted for a pound of Crawfish. I went with the shrimp (more meat), we shared a dozen pieces of sausage tossed in the hot'n'juicy sauce in her bag, and we also had an order of the corn fritters (a MUST have with your meal). The biggest thing for me was the recommendation from our server to toss my shrimp in the lemon-pepper sauce. It. Was. Awesome. 

My wife's only complaint was that the crawfish was a lot of work for little reward, but that's not the restaurant's fault. If you want more meat, get the shrimp. If you want to try new things, get the crawfish or lobster or any of the other delicious things they have. You can either have your fish tossed in a bag with the sauce of your choice, or order the sauce on the side. You also eat with your hands but they do have a washing station near the restrooms if you decide to go gloveless. 

All in all another great experience at Hot'n'Juicy. DEFINITELY go here.
Warning: Do not wear White.  Wear something you don't mind getting messy.  Oh... and if you have any little cuts or pick your cuticles... you'll feel the sting from the hot sauce.


So... as you walk in, you notice that all the tables are covered with white plastic and everyone is wearing bibs and most are wearing gloves.  Right off the bat, you know this is going to be an culinary adventure in some messy eating.  And oh man is it.

The menu is pretty simple... mostly shellfish... so if you are allergic I suggest you stay FAR away from this place.

They don't have salads on the menu... or really any type of veggie other than corn and potatoes... nothing green anyways.  So, don't go expecting to get a side salad with your shrimp.

You can get rice, french fries, sweet potato fries, hush puppy-like dish and bread to help soak up all the yummy sauce.

We got 1 lb each of shrimp and king crab legs with the Hot and Juicy sauce, Mild.  Their Mild is like most other places Medium.  It's got a nice kick to it and after eating a couple pounds of shellfish... your mouth is "warm".  (Good thing that Nielsens Frozen Custard is in the same shopping center.)

So you eat the shellfish with your hands... Peel and Eat right from the bag.
They serve it to you in big plastic bags.... no platters... no plates.  
They do have plastic spoons for the rice tho.

The sauce is Great!  And I want to go back and try the Lemon Pepper which I hear is really great too!

The shrimp and crab legs were meaty and had good texture... but it's all about the sauce and the experience.

We had fun playing with our dinner... and because you eat slower... you get full faster.  So, I think that's a good thing, right?  :)

Service was super friendly. 

This would be fun with a group of people.
I love this location. The building is always neat and clean.

Service 5 stars:
Our primary server lazar was a rockstar. He greeted and seated us immediately when we walked in. Of course when someone asks me "have you eaten here before?" my answer is "no, this is my first time." 

He gave a complete, simple and friendly explanation of how to order, engaged with our group asking what we liked, our level of spice tolerance and his recommendations. We actually added some additional items, we would not normally order off of his recommendation. 
Lazar continually maintained our drinks while we were waiting on our food. We were thirsty and we never had a chance to ask for refills he was there.

Food was delivered timely and in the correct sequence. 
From that point they maintained an excellent wait time check on our needs and kept our beverages full. 

I stopped and asked one of the female wait staff what the name of our server was? She replied honestly "we are are all your servers here sir, is there anything I can assist you with." 

First thought: Damn the wait staff here got game. 

Food:  4stars
Ordered 
2 lb crab ordered different flavors and spice levels. 
1.5. Shrimp, diff flavor and spice levels.
Full oysters on a half shell. Oysters were clean tasting but were disappointingly small.
Corn tots, didn't care for them but other members of my party raved about it.

The service put this visit over the top at 5 stars. I will come back here again. Sorry BC.
WOW this place. Easily one of the most delicious places on earth. If you don't like it here I feel so sorry for you. 
We get the hot shrimp and crab. Wow wow. I don't even want to write this review because I'm thinking about it and it's making me so hungry. 
It's seriously heavenly. There's no other way to describe it. So so so so sooooo good. Pretty much the best shrimp "dish" on earth. 
It's expensive that's why I don't go often, sadly. 
This place deserves more than 5 starts. I'd give it 10/5 
I adore the sauce on the white rice. 
My mouth is watering just thinking of the food. 
This is the place to eat.
And now sadly down to 2 stars. I'll likely not come back either. 

We came in this evening to get my king crab leg fix, and for $26 we were given two whole legs. TWO!!!! $13 a leg, basically. Such crap. The shrimp we ordered was a better value for the money, however half the shrimp was mushy and there were a lot of heads without bodies in the bag. 

Our server offered to let us talk to the manager, but the manager should have been brought over as soon as I complained the first time.
Hey Yelpers, this place is awesome. So awesome I signed up for yelp just to give a damn review. My group had the Hot n Juicy spicy crawfish. Don't be scared of the spicy, not like you're drinking the juice. Also had the snow crabs and shrimp. All of it was delicious. A BIG thank you to our awesome server Brooke. Ask for her, she did a great job showing us how things worked here. Great. Valeria also stopped by the table to see how things were going. She gave us all the scoop on what to do in Vegas. Big ups to her. As a matter of fact, bigs ups to everyone here. Even me.
Food was pretty good, but our server Leila was what made our experience worth it, she was great and resourceful about the menu, because my husband and I did not know anything about the place and she was so helpful with the lobster. If you can get over the smell and the heads on the food, you'll love it!
Four of us dropped by for dinner on a Saturday night and were happy to find them not too busy. We were quickly seated and the servers were very prompt about providing us with beverages.

We started with a pound of black mussels and two pounds of shrimp in various sauces. After scarfing that down we ordered two more pounds of shrimp and an order of green mussels in various sauces. Along with the seafood we had some potatoes, sausages and rice.

It's super messy, but the food is delicious and the service is very good. They are exceedingly attentive. Eating here is a delicious and fun experience.
My bf and I wanted to try something different so we decided on hot and juicy. So glad we did, service was fast and super friendly! Our server Aubree ROCKED! Super sweet and very knowledgable of the menu. Some of the most flavorable shellfish we've had anywhere.
I am kind of shocked a manager did not contact us after our Yelp review. I guess maybe they truly do not value customer service. Too bad , it truly was a favorite at one time...
First of all, our server Lazar made an amazing experience even better! Great service excellent food!! Snow crab & shrimp was the best
Love!! The service is great, everyone helps out! The shrimps are my favorite thing to order, the sauces are all amazing, the only downside is you'll taste nothing but garlic for days!!! So worth it.
Really delicious. The hot and juicy sauces are awesome. Great service. Our drinks never went empty. Aubrey our server was on too of it.
The food was awesome and we received very attentive service from the entire staff, especially Jessica!  Coming back everytime we're in town.
If you are a glutton for bad service, this is the place for you.  They may even add to your bill a couple of items that you did not order - as was the case with the two tables on either side of us. The manager was in charge of dropping off our orders and she did it with the grace of a cave man. She had a scowl on her face as she shouted out the orders.  She didn't even bother to place the items in front of the appropriate person.  She just dropped, literally dropped, everything off at the corner of our table.  Apparently, she thought our four year old son was capable of distributing the food. We had to ask multiple times for our side orders and for drink refills.  Seriously...what is the point of placing our orders if we need to keep reminding the server to give us our stuff.  How would the server feel if I forgot to tip him? The shrimp we ordered were tasty, but there were so many shrimp heads without bodies. I finally asked the server if I ordered a pound of Hot n Juicy shrimp heads. Poor fuc#er looked like a deer in the head lights. Don't waste your money or your time here.
I finally got to check this place out for my birthday. I'm from New Orleans so I've been craving some good crawfish and peel n eat shrimp. If I rated this just on food I'd give it 4 stars. I ordered a pond of shrimp, crawfish and blue crab with cajun spice at the spicey level. Spicy wasn't too hot, I could have gone to the top level. The shrimp and crawfish were excellent, fresh, a good amount. Crab wasn't the best deal, just two in a pound but I figured that.

What could have been better... ambiance is just OK. Maybe a few more booths and a little more space between tables. Needed some baskets for discards so we didn't have to dig through our old stuff in the bags. Service was a bit slow but it was a busy Mother's day Sunday.

I'll go back again just for the shrimp and crawfish and try the extra spicy.
This place is comparable to boiling crab. I prefer BC's sauces, but if there isn't a BC around, this place still satisfies your craving. Prices are ok, service is very friendly and fast. I got the shrimp in hot and juicy medium with corn...pretty great, crawfish in garlic butter mild with corn...pretty good, catfish basket-  don't get the fish basket, didn't taste right.
Great seafood.  Order the seafood in the bag, by the pound.  The fried options in baskets are not as good.  You cannot go wrong with the food.

Though place was not busy (only 3 tables occupied), still took a good 5 minutes before we got seated during lunch.  Once you get seated, they are prompt and right at your elbows for the refills.
Just ate there today and I think their sausage gave me some food borne illness.  I say this because the group we ate with didn't seem to be affected except those who ate more of the sausages.  Usually me and my fiance have iron stomaches, but this is not the case.  It's ruining my Vegas trip.  Me angry.  So is my stomach.  Never visiting any of their establishments again.
I like this hot and juicy location. I feel that it's new and everything is clean inside and the seating is much better than the spring mountain location. The food is great which is pretty much the same as boiling crab. Just be prepared to get messy when you come here and you might want to wear something you don't care getting dirty.
The food is soo good!!!
And the service is great! Especially when you have Leila as ur waitress! She's so cute and charming! I'll be back soon!(X
Not a fan. I've only been here once, but I know enough to know I'd rather go to Boiling Crab. I decided to get their crawfish since it's in the namesake. The food is similar to Boiling Crab, but Boiling Crab has better flavor. The crawfish that day was not fresh, so that made the meal less satisfying. I only come here when friends drag me.
We had a great dinner at the new Eastern location! We had an amazing server Aubree who had a spunky and upbeat personality! We ordered the peel shrimp and she assisted us by personally showing us the best way to do so. Fun and delicious experience. Definitely recommend and ask for Aubree!!!!!
Haven't need to this location since they opened. However came back to get a good fixin of Shrimp and Crawfish. 

Love the place, the food, the location. 

On this occasion we were served by Jessica A.  and she is like the very best server in all of their restaurants.  Come here and ask to be seated at Jessica A's table!
Awsome food!  Not a spicy kind of guy and our server, Jessica, was awesome!  She let me know what to order and my beer was always replaced at the right time!  Incredible service, good vibe, and amazing sea food!
One of my favorite places to eat. It's not too expensive it's pretty quick and the service is good !
My favorite place for seafood in Vegas PERIOD! 
Like it spicy? Get their Hot n Juicy Extra Spicy. Add corn, sausage and potato to your crab or shrimp. 
The shrimp is peel and eat. So don't order it if you don't want to work for it. 
I love their clams in the lemon pepper flavor. 
They have chicken nuggets & wings, mozzarella sticks for your non seafood eaters. 
If you don't want sauce all over your hands ask for gloves. They have them :)
The overall experience was well-received. The waitress, Jessica, answered my questions and responded quickly to my requests. It was delightful to have such an amazing customer experience with her. The menu comes with the usual assorts of seafood creatures. I ended up with 2 lbs. of crawfish seasoned with Hot n' Juicy and extra spicy. It was good but I expected more of a kick. The Cajun spice was there but I didn't get the effect of volcano eruption from my mouth. I don't think the extra spicy even register on my Richter scale. If you're accustomed to Boiling Crab and comparing it to here, I would say Boiling Crab is spicier. The decor is quite different as well where Hot n' Juicy resembles an America bar and Boiling Crab looks like you got into a shipwreck. I will revisit this place and recommend it to anyone who has an appetite for Cajun seafood.

TL,DR: Good customer service, flavorful but not spicy, ambiance is more modern, recommended for seafood lovers.
Food was on Point! Customer service was great too. Love this place!!!
Crab is amazing! Hot and Juicy Special Medium is amazing on everything. It is my nephew's favorite place in Vegas.
Pretty good, very messy...interesting experience to eat out of a bag like that.
The freshest seafood in the desert. Plenty of bang for your buck. The staff was super.
What a unique place with the best crawfish and the biggest shrimp.  Get ready to eat with your hands and enjoy every bite.  The spices give the food a nice taste from mild to spicy. Our server Jessica was excellent and provided top notch service.  We will be back when we return to Las Vegas.
Great idea for a restaurant. Bags of steamed seafood with excellent seasoning. Great seafood in Vegas. Go figure. And Jessica, our server, made it a great evening all around. Attentive, sweet and with a delightful personality.
Had the bbq pork and hot pastrami po-boy sandwich... It was soooo good!!! Seasoned potato chips came with it and you get to choose a side.  I had the fried okra and mac n cheese bites... yum...  They gave us some really good bread pudding... OMG... the sauce and the bread pudding was perfect not too soft or hard.  This place has recently opened.  There is plentiful seating inside and its mardi gras themed with new orleans music playing.  The waitress is very courteous and the chef was great!!!  Thank you for a great first time experience... I will definitely recommend this joint!!!  I will be coming back for beignets!!!
Went here last night and got oysters, fried okra, fries, and onion rings. I cannot complain. The portions were great and tasty!!! I will definitely be back for more. I cannot wait to try the crawfish boudin and soft shell crab.
Amazing Food!! Excellent service!  The owners are warm and welcoming.. Try the Raging Cajun it's awesome!!  Desserts are to die for!! Highly recommended for a casual lunch or breakfast as they are open early!!
Laissez les bons temps rouler!  

To the non-native New Orleans peeps, "Let the good times roll!"  That is exactly what Streetcar Po'boys is doing with their new restaurant here in Vegas.  I actually grew up in New Orleans, the West Bank if you are interested, so I consider myself an expert in NOLA food.  I remember eating po'boys at least once a week when we lived there because they are just what everyone eats.  Why, because NOLA po'boys are AWESOME!  So when I heard about Streetcar Po'boys I had to get down there and check it out ASAP.  I found some great things happening as well.  

Here's whats up:

This little hole in the wall joint is totally legit when it comes to New Orleans style po'boys.  They have all of the NOLA po'boy norms like shrimp, catfish, oyster, muffaletta, and boudin options on the menu for those who want an authentic NOLA meal.  They also have non-NOLA options like grilled cheese, BBQ pork, chicken parm, and tuna salad, just to name a few.  This is great because no matter who you are with, the will definitely find something they will like to try.  

The ingredients are super fresh and many are flown in from Louisiana.  The french bread is from Leidenheimer Baking Company in New Orleans, which is THE bread that made po'boys famous.  It is delicious french bread that has a fantastically flaky crust and fluffy soft insides.  The boudin sausage is from Lafayette, LA, which is right in the middle of Cajun Country and where the best boudin is made.  The shrimp they use are the wonderfully gorgeous Gulf shrimp.  Yum!

The sandwiches all come "dressed" unless otherwise stated.  This is straight out of NOLA and how you order sandwiches everywhere you go.  Dressed means to have lettuce, tomatoes, and mayo on your sandwich.  Very nice touch to thrown in that saying.

They also have tasty sides to go with your sandwich.  Each po'boy comes with Cajun Chips, which are house made potato chips with a yummy Cajun seasoning coating them.  They are really quite good, if I say so myself.  You also get to pick an additional side like french fries, hush puppies, mac n' cheese, beer battered onion rings, to name a few.

Oh, the desserts!  Again, Streetcar is doing it right with their dessert menu.  They have all of the NOLA favorites I loved growing up as a kid like bananas foster, bread pudding, cheesecake, and KING CAKE.  I think this is the only place in Vegas I have ever seen King cake on the menu.  And drumroll please......They make Beignets in house!  Fresh Beignets any time of day is a dream come true right there!  Drool.....

This is a family run place as well.  Gwen, the owner, is almost always there.  She is a true delight!  She came up to us before we were even seated.  As soon as she opened her mouth, we all knew that accent!  She's from NOLA and proud of it!  She is a lovely Southern belle that knows her po'boys!  She was so friendly and went out of her way to make us feel welcome.  We talked to her on and off the entire meal and just had a blast.  She deserves a star all unto herself!

The only "Eh" issue I had was the sweet tea cups.  They use really small cups for their tea.  2 sips and your cup was empty.  Bigger tea cups would be great improvement.  Other than that, this place ROCKS MY SOCKS OFF!

I was so happy after my first visit.  I can't wait to go back and try a dozen more po'boys! 

Really, if you like po'boys or just want to try something new, get down to Streetcar Po'boys because your belly will love you for it!
Years ago I went to New Orleans for Mardi Gras and while there fell in love with Louisiana cuisine. Po' boys, beignets, cafe au lait, gumbo, jambalaya and the many other dishes that originatedin the region. 

Having said that I visited  Streetcar Po' Boys today and was very pleased. From the moment we entered we were immediately greeted by the hostess (D'nis but pronounced Denise) and sat in our booth. We quickly made our selection starting with a nice cup of cafe au lait and some beignets. Both were very good and it reminded me of the ones I had at Cafe Du Mond in the French Quarter in downtown Orleans. 

My friend ordered the shrimp po boy and I had the catfish. According to the kitchen staff everything they make is made in house and the bread is ordered directly from New Orleans. And you definitely could taste it. 

My Catfish filet was very tasty. The breading was the right amount of crispy and flaky. On top of that they offered us a very tasty banana bread muffin - on the house for dessert. Can't go wrong with that! 

I'll definitely be back.
I've had this place bookmarked for a few weeks now, so when my friend suggested we go eat this was my first choice. Normally my choices are, from what he says, not good; but Streetcar Po' Boys was a great one!

If you are coming from the Westside,  Summerlin,  Spring Valley, or any location West of the 15 my suggestion would be to take any side street, Rainbow, Decatur, Jones, Durango, or what have you and go straight down Oakey. GPS is lame and takes you all these crazy routes. Basically,  its next to Little Darlings off Western and Oakey right under the 15.

Upon entering we were greeted by the hostess and D'nis let us choose where we wanted to sit. We chose a spot next to the kitchen and it was a great choice because we got to speak to the cook and workers throughout our visit.  We checked out the menu and being that I'm a lame and don't eat any seafood besides shrimp I opted for The Big Easy (9.25$) my friend was going with the same alas their shipment of goodies was delayed so I got the last remaining shrimp, yay me, sorry breh! He is more adventurous and got The Gulf (8.95$) fully dressed. With your Po' Boy you get cajun chips, and coleslaw.  You can opt to add sides which start at 1.99 $ more. He also ordered a Cafe Au Late which I had a sip of and it was sweet and delicious! 

Whilst waiting for our food we chatted with the cook, who was extremely informative and super nice! He told us how all of their seafood and bread is flown in from Louisiana, and that granny wouldn't have it any other way, awesome! We ordered beignets (3 for 3.50 $) and they were brought out to us hot and fresh! They were delectable,  but beware of that pesky powdered sugar! These are definitely a great accompaniment to the cafe!

Our Po' boys were brought out and we were super impressed.  I ordered mine sans tomatoes, and it was perfect!  The shrimp was not overcooked or overly/underly breaded and the mayo they use is a great compliment to the bread and all the fixins. The catfish used in my friends sandwich is different from their normal strips, granny opted for large filets which were flaky and delicious my friend said. The cajun chips are also delicious with a zing added with those yummy Creole spices! Coleslaw was also yummy, not too acidic like some other places. 

During our grubfest the cook came out to assure we were satisfied and also offered us samples of either fried or grilled alligator. I didn't wimp out and actually tried a piece of the fried, which was not bad. A sweet little cooks helper came out and offered us some banana bread muffins she was experimenting with and wanted our honest opinions on them, they were sensational but I suggested possibly adding walnuts to half the batch as D'nis is not kosher with them dudes. 

All in all this was an excellent choice on my behalf, haha. The food is tasty and customer service is just amazing! The food is reason to go back, but customer service is what's going to get you to stay and be regulars.  

We will definitely be back! I only see this place relishing, support your local businesses!  

As an added note, they are no longer open for breakfast! Hours are from 11am til close.

Yay!
Streetcar Po' Boys is located in a small center on the corner of Western & Oakey. This is a family owned joint with no shortage of friendly and helpful staff. They've got the placed decorated like it's 24/7 mardi gras too! Purple walls, red booths and beads hanging from the lights...it's great! 

When it comes to the po' boys, you got tons to choose from. There's a few seafood options including one that comes packed with shrimp, oysters & catfish...they call it the Streetcar. And if you or your foodie partner in crime aren't into seafood, no biggie! They have a huge selection of po' boys with all kinds of stuff from hamburger to chicken parm. All the po' boys come with a side of Cajun chips and coleslaw. They've also got a few other sides you can order as add-ons. 

I ordered The Gulf (catfish) and my wife had the Treme (BLT). First off, the bread is just so dang good! It's the perfect balance of a crisp, flaky exterior and a super soft interior. While the BLT was slightly lacking due to the amount of bacon, it had great flavor and could easily be a hit po' boy if they would pack it with meat. My catfish on the other hand was just right. The catfish filet was a great size, it had a light, flavorful crust and was nice and flaky on the inside. I had mine dressed which includes fresh lettuce, tomato, pickles and a killer cajun mayo. We also ordered up some fried okra and fried mac 'n cheese. The sides and the chips included with the po' boy are seasoned with their very own cajun blend and it Is ahh-mazing! It's full of great flavor and the perfect amount of heat without being overpowering. 

When I heard about this place, I couldn't get here fast enough! I found it on the new section of Yelp and came in the very next day. I've been looking for a good po' boy ever since my favorite spot, Seafood Station, closed a while back. With Streetcar, I've found it! With their amazing food at great prices and awesome service to top it off, I can't even wait to go back!
I'm in!  Recently got tipped off to this place and decided to go and get some take-out for lunch.  Before coming in, I thought it was a food truck (note: "streetcar") but it's actually a location in a building that offers dine-in service.  Located in an uneventful parking lot, it definitely didn't do much to stand out. However, once I walked inside, I was warmly greeted and helped right away.  Decided to opt for the RIVERBOAT, which is like a chicken parmesan-like po-boy, and had decided to have it "dressed" with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and other garnishes.  Opted for the regular size lunch and it ran me a little over $11 and it came with a MONSTER po-boy, fried chips, and a side of 'slaw.  It took me 2 days to finish!!  Seriously, that's how much food I got.  I mean, I could have probably smashed it all in one day but I would be tapped out and fighting off nap time if I was to even try. The 'slaw was a little plain I must admit, but everything else was grubbin'.

Good service, good food, great sized portion for a big guy like me.  They say this is New Orleans style food and although I've never been, I could hang with that.  Will be back for the shrimp and oyster po-boy on the next go!!
Awesome. The only time I have had a Muffelata outside of New Orleans this good. The chicken parm was awesome also.
My wife ordered the oyster po'boy, ave she loved it. The kitchen is exposed, there were no TV's and there was some amazing brass band jazz playing. I can not wait to come back. They make King cakes, so we are going to get a big a group and order one a day in advance. Loved it.
Michael U. had the idea that after our Doughnut Crawl Part - II, we'd go to this new Po-Boy sandwich shop near downtown Las Vegas.  A caravan of five or six cars went form the northwest to Streetcar.

The owner helped move two extra tables to a booth and we had enough room for the 15 or so of us who descended on the place.

Four of us decided to get one sandwich each and split the sandwiches into quarters so that we could each try a little bit of several sandwiches.  It was a super idea.  We ordered a Streetcar which has shrimp, oysters, and catfish.  Sandwich two was the Bourbon Street--roast beef with gravy.  The third sandwich was the Crescent City, a muffuletta.  The fourth was a Marie Laveau which is boudin sausage.  We also had a Pirogue, a crawfish boudin because an error was made and they brought the wrong sandwich, but left it with us to enjoy while they made the correct one.  Most of the sandwiches came with chips and a small side of cole slaw.

With our sandwiches, we ordered three sides--deep fried macaroni and cheese, hush puppies, and corn fritters.  

Everything was simply great!!  The bread is from the Leidenheimer Baking Company in New Orleans and is flown here for Streetcar.  The fillings in the sandwiches were excellent.  My favorite was Marie Laveua, the boudin sausage Po-boy.  The deep freind mac and cheese was excellent as were the corn fritters.

For dessert, they brought us some praline King Cake they were trying out.  It was very flavorful.  Michael U. had pre-ordered a King Cake and they were waiting for us to come before they dressed the cake so the icing and other things on top were fresh.  I have not yet tried my King Cake because I'm still in a food coma.

Service was very, very good.  Gwen, the owner, was a wonderful, welcoming person who made us feel at home at her piece of NOLA in Las Vegas.  Our main server D'nis was very good and a friendly person.  Gwen gave the three young ones in the group a small stuffed animal.  That was very kind of her.

In the piece of praline King Cake I got was the baby that's baked into the cake.  That means I have to buy the next King Cake or host the next Mardi Gras gathering.  OK, Mel C., Terri R., and Michael U., put this on your calendar for next year.  We return, get four sandwiches and some sides again, and I'm buying.  

I can't wait to come back here for the alligator Po-boy.  It's been awhile since I had alligator!
Whether a result of my Midwestern upbringing or my career choice I've always been a bit of a perfectionist and someone who craves authenticity, thus when I heard about a new New Orleans themed Po-Boy shop so dedicated to their craft that breads and proteins were being imported from NOLA I could not wait to go...all I needed was a group, something thankfully facilitated by a cronut-tasting with several like-minded diners earlier that day.  A surprisingly expansive space with festive décor replete with shiny red vinyl booths and a truly splendid paisley carpet it was just prior to 11:30am that our large group arrived but having contacted the restaurant in advance the small team couldn't have been more accommodating, tables rearranged and service perfect throughout our 90 minute stay.  Focused on diversity with an eye towards capacity and thus ordering in groups it was a total of five sandwiches, seven sides, and four desserts that I personally experienced and although I cannot pretend to be a Po-boy 'expert' every single item I tasted was a delight.  Beginning first with all thing fried it was snappy pickles, creamy macaroni, sweet corn, okra, and softly spiced hushpuppies that first landed on our table and with low prices and big flavors there was more than enough to share...or even to make a meal in itself alongside the ample portions of slaw and house-made chips accompanying the sandwiches.  Moving next to the Po-boys, it was with the eponymous "Streetcar" that we started and with surprisingly plump shrimp and oysters full of brine the trend of superlative ingredients spanned right through two soft, spicy takes on boudin plus excellent 'debris-style' roast beef all served "dressed without mayo" on crunchy, lightly yeasted French bread on par or better than any I've found in Las Vegas to date.  Equally impressed by a thickly stacked muffaletta served on its traditional roll with house-made olive spread a bit less briny than I recall down south it was here that we moved from savory to desserts and with many already feeling plenty sweet from the pre-meal cronuts it can only be said that a surprise praline-style King Cake in addition to the fresh made cream cheese standard that we ordered in advance was a gluttonous gift, both cakes every bit as good as I recall from Haydel's and the freshness paying dividends as bright yeasty notes tempered the slowly melting glaze.  Never one to skimp on experience, especially as the owner stopped by to talk shop and express her thanks for our visit, it was with beignets and bread pudding that the afternoon concluded and with the former far less dense and oily than those at Café de Monde, though not quite as rich in flavor, the latter simply stole the show as rich, eggy bread melded with boozy caramel and raisins in a simple coffee cup served still-bubbling hot...homey, authentic, and in my opinion "perfect."
Alligator, anyone?  I didn't think I'd ever try it, either, but that's what happened when I had lunch here with a large group of friends recently.  A fairly new place, this New Orleans-theme restaurant is full of friendly people, Mardi Gras beads, and jazzy music, just like in NOLA.  
We did mostly family-style eating, ordering appetizers, po-boys, and desserts so we could share and get a taste of a lot of stuff.  
My most favorite thing?  FRIED MAC N CHEESE:  oh em gee.  That stuff is like crack.  I could have eaten a whole plate.  The corn fritters were a close second.  Thanks to my seatmate Vicky Q. for giving me a taste of her alligator po-boy.  It was like chewy chicken and not bad at all.  I tried three other po-boys:  the crawfish, roast beef, and muffuletta ones, which each have formal names that I don't remember.  I'm actually not a big fan of po-boys in general, but I'd have to say that I enjoyed the roast beef the most of that trio.  The bread is really excellent.  I'd like to try the meatball po-boy the next time just to see what that's like.  We ended the meal with beignets and a special praline king cake that Michael U. had arranged for us to have, plus the traditional cream cheese king cake that we also shared.  Can you say food baby, because that was what I had, especially since we had a breakfast of croissant doughnuts before we even got to Streetcar.  Everyone there is so nice and our large group had a wonderful meal from start to finish.  I'll definitely be back for more of their Southern hospitality and food.  Who dat!
Once you find the place, you'll be happy because the wait staff and sandwiches are good. Decor is simple as is the menu. Very good desserts. Muffuletta is so good. Will try andouille or boudin sandwich. Only problem is that the shop is in a rundown mini mall, just east of I15 on Oakey Blvd.
Po' Boys Galore!!!

Short Review:
Not just hype, Streetcar Po' Boys is pretty close to what you expect to get in NOLA.  My opinion...I've had some better Po' Boys here than I did in NOLA.  Give them a shot. The service is excellent and the food is as good as what you expect to find in NOLA itself.

Long Review:
Every restaurant visit starts off with service.  The service starts the tone and I have to say, Streetcar started off with great hospitality.  At least 8 employees personally greeted me and once we were all seated, the 5 star service didn't stop.  Great job so far, great job.  

But it's all about the food, right?  So here we go...

1)  Fried Mac N Cheese, Hush Puppies, and Corn Fritters:  The hush puppies were good, the corn fritters were great, and the fried mac was awesome.  My only complaint...other Yelpers on our table loved the fried mac too, which meant less for me. 

2)  Fried Pickles & Okras:  This was actually Victoria Q's dish and she was willing to share.  Not a huge fan of pickles, but became one after trying their fried version.  As for the okras, sorry but just okay. 

3)  Pirogue (Crawfish & Sausage):  This was our first Po'Boy to try.  I admit that this was my first crawfish and sausage Po'Boy.  So, I didn't expect this one to be a mushy one.  Considering that I'm not the biggest fan of crawfish and sausage, I still thought it was pretty good.  

4)  The Streetcar (Shrimp, Oysters, and Catfish):  This was my favorite out of all the Po'Boys that I tried during my visit.  Crunchy catfish mixed with shrimp & oyster.  You would think that your taste buds would get confused, but they don't.  I loved how this Po'Boy was seasoned/spiced. 

5)  Crescent City (Muffuletta):  5 different meats all inside a great tasting, fresh muffuletta.  This one was a beast to eat and perfect for all you meat-lovers out there. 

6)  Marie Laveau (Boudin Sausage):  If you like spiced, pulverized, and mushy sausage, then you'll love this.  

7)  Bourbon Street (Roast Beef):  I only got a small taste of this one since I was already stuffed from the other Po' Boys.  This was a little messy and flavorful.  This Po' Boy reminds me of Mother's infamous Debris Po' Boy. 

8)  Desserts:  I tried the bread pudding, beignets, and praline King Cake.  I thought that both the King Cake and the bread pudding were phenomenal.  As for their beignets, they look good, but I thought it was too airy and bland. 

All Po'Boys have two sizes, a regular and a large.  Like what you'll find in New Orleans, there's a big difference in size, but not in price (about a $2 difference between a regular and a large).  The Streetcar was my favorite, followed by the Crescent City.  However, depending on your taste or mood at the time, you can't go wrong any any of their Po'Boy's.  All were packed with flavor, huge servings, and really inexpensive.  But the highlight in all these Po'Boys had to be the bread itself.  The breads are so fresh, which only made each Po'Boy that much more tastier.  

Trust me...Streetcar has to be on your list if you're craving authentic Po'Boys.


PS:  Norm K, I accept your offer for a free meal.



YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (051/366)
That bread, though. Every time I think back to my exceptional meal at Streetcar Po-Boys, all I can think about is their amazing bread. Perfectly crusty and doughy, I would come back for that bread alone. Luckily, Streetcar has a lot more to offer than just mind-blowing bread. 

After hearing the recent rave reviews for this very new restaurant, I could not wait to give them a try. The decision to drive so far out of my way for lunch was made even easier with Yelp Deal they are currently offering.

The moment we walked in we were greeted warmly by every server in the place. I was already impressed. The restaurant is larger than expected and very cute. Lots of booths with plenty plenty New Orleans flavor gracing the walls and sound system. Service was extremely attentive and friendly.

My mom and I decided to each get a sandwich and share an order of corn fritters. I went with The Bourbon Street and my mom ordered the Da Saints. Our food took a little while coming out since there was a very large takeout order being prepared, but our waitress kept us in the loop so we happily chatted and took in the ambiance while waiting.

The food finally came out and I was floored. We had both ordered the regular size po-boys and we were sure glad we did. These sandwiches were enormous and smelled so good. We dug right in and all the flavors were just perfect. Perfectly crunchy bread that complemented the very juicy and messy nature of my sandwich. I'm usually not a fan of food that is that messy to eat with my hands, but it was so tasty I didn't mind. The corn fritters were delectable as well. My mom's favorite were the homemade chips, perfectly cooked and seasoned. 

Refills were plentiful and we each enjoyed our meals quite a bit. Try as we might, my mom and I both had an entire half of a sandwich to take home with us for later. I had been looking forward to trying some of their desserts, but we were just too stuffed. Next time my plan of action will be to share a sandwich, since portions are so generous.

I will be back, and soon!
I'm going to New Orleans next month and as I drove by their location I instantly made a beeline for it. I wasn't disappointed. I had a fried shrimp po'boy. Soft bread, perfectly cooked shrimp and a tasty sauce are a deadly combination. Initially, I was going to stop there, until a plate of fresh beignets passed by my table. I impulsively ordered my own batch. They are large, fresh and generously sprinkled with powdered sugar. So, so, SO GOOD! I even had one with my coffee the next morning. It was still delicious. Good service, a friendly atmosphere and delicious food makes me returning a matter of when, not if.
I was reading some threads about Streetcar and wanted to check it out. We walked in and and the fort thing we noticed was the bright colors of the place and then the smell of deep fried food. With the kitchen in the middle of the dinning area this was definitely the  culprit. Not sure if the ventilation wasn't working well but it was pretty bad. 

The best part of my visit was the the service from all of the staff. We had just about every employee checking on us or bringing out our numerous selections of food. The owner herself stopped at the table and had a minute to speak with us as well. Definitely 5 stars on customer service!
Started with the Beneits. The kitchen made extra so the owner brought us an order. That was a pleasant treat for sure and my favorite part of the meal.

We ordered hush puppies, fried mac n cheese and onion rings as appetizers. The hush puppies were the best of the trio. The hush puppies and mac were dusted with some Cajun seasoning. Both were tasty but just average IMO.

The Steetcar was my Po-boy choice. I love all the components so it was a no brainer for me. The bread and the catfish were the hit of this Po-boy. The oysters and shrimp were just ok, nothing wow about them . Overall an decent sandwich.
Would have tried this restaurant based on reviews - but with the coupon we were able to try more items!!! Sweet deal!  The servers & everyone are polite , attentive, friendly & HAPPY!!!! 

Their bread has a crunch, the muffuletta feeds two and tasty! Freshly fried beignets to order - 4 per order!!!!

OMG run, don't walk to try the food!!! Prices are reasonable. Wish they had red beans & rice.
Fried alligator?! FRIED ALLIGATOR?! I'm feeling adventurous! I love trying new things that I've never had before! So I got the Yelp deal: $10 for $20 worth and I went with my boyfriend for lunch. 

When we walked in, I was a little surprised that it was a diner style establishment. I guess I was expecting it to be like one of the modern sandwich places, which is typically a "food court" type of process when ordering food and finding a place to sit. Aside from that, they had some decorations with some New Orleans flavor. 

I've never had a po-boy and aside from Hot n Juicy, I've never really been to a place that specializes in Cajun/Creole. I know, I'm deprived and limited in my food categories. But on the flip side, I don't know if this place is traditional or close to what you call traditional. I can only say if it's good or not!!!  

What did we order? Of course I went with the alligator po-boy. I believe it was called "The Swamp" and my boyfriend went with the 5 in. Muffuletta called "Crescent City." They both came with cajun chips and coleslaw but we replaced them with the fried mac & cheese balls for the muffuletta order.

Fried Alligator Po-Boy? I APPROVE. The alligator meat looks to be deep fried. The meat is very chewy and it takes a while to chew. My boyfriend typically eats pretty fast and he rarely chews his food for a long time but with the alligator, he was chewing!! I also heard a lot of people say it tastes like chicken. It does in a way but not quite completely chicken. I know, my description is so helpful!  But their sauce for this po-boy is delicious. It had enough spices in it to keep it interesting. 

As for the muffuletta, I was not too interested in it. It was good yes but I ate this after my half of the alligator po-boy and in comparison, it was quite bland. And when I say bland, I mean boring. The flavors of the muffuletta ran a flat line for me. It was maybe 10% cheese, 10% salami, and 80% ham. The flavor of the ham got old and tiring FAST. Not to mention, half of the sandwich was HUGE. I could barely finish 1/4th of this. 

The cajun chips looked homemade. It was a little hard. The coleslaw was good -- a little sweet :) Fried mac & cheese balls were what they were...deep fried regular kraft mac & cheese. 

We also tried the beignets. I was really forward to trying these but I gotta say, I wasn't impressed. The first time I had these were in Disneyland and from my personal opinion, I prefer Disneyland's version. The ones served here were too hallow, too huge, and too oily. The oil that they used to deep fry this was literally dripping off of the plate, dripping onto the plate, and later it kind of pooled. It was good but nothing I would get again.

The service here was really good. They were attentive. The server that we had, I forgot her name, but she was wonderful. We talked and we laughed. Awesome.

Would definitely come back here again to try some other stuff. Only thing i didn't like is that I walked out smelling like oil ... boo.
I decided to try this place because I was visiting Vegas and found them on yelp. The reviews seemed good so I gave it a try. Streetcar did not disappoint me! The shrimp po boy sandwich was so good. Perfectly cooked and the bread was fresh. Service was very friendly and efficient. I will definitely visit again and recommend Streetcar to all my friends.
Really REALLY wanted to love this place as much as fellow Yelpers have, but in the end, I gotta keep it real...

We jumped on this 5-star bandwagon one Friday evening, and eager with excitement, I already had the Beignets and Bread Pudding picked out for dessert. Owner Gwen came out to greet us, and expressed how very happy she was to bring a taste of the bayou to the desert, and even happier about the Yelp love that SPB has been getting.

Perusing the menu, they have MANY Po-Boys to choose from, and Wifey's favorite is called The Rich Boy from Gritz Cafe so when she saw The Gulf(SBP's version of a Shrimp Po Boy) She ordered that. I had originally planned on ordering The Swamp(Fried Aligator), but I asked our waitress what were the popular ones, she suggested the Bourbon Street(Roast Beef) so we went with a meat and a seafood option instead.

We both went with regular sized po-boys and thank goodness we did because I think they were sufficient enough for me and Wifey to swap halves with each other. You could also pay a couple more bucks and get double the portion if you're VERY hungry, or take the other half home, etc. The bread as everyone else mentions, is delicious and so is my  Bourbon Street po-boy. Kinda messy, but in a good way.
So I bite into the Gulf, and not only was this piece of shrimp not deveined as it should've been, but it had been in the fryer a tad bit too long, almost borderline rubber, not plump and juicy. The chips that came with our po-boys were stale instead of crispy, and it didn't end there. Although I enjoyed the piping  hot Beignets, the barely warm Cafe Au Lait was another letdown, as was the Bread Pudding. There was little to no custard evident. It tasted pretty dry, and all I tasted was bread and whatever brown sugar sauce covered it and after a couple of bites, I was done.

Although service was great,  some of our food fell short of  delicious.
Maybe I needed to come in for lunch instead? Seems like most of the raves came from lunch service, but for now, its just an A-OK from me...ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/   3

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(54/365) "So-So at Streetcar"
I was excited to have a new niche cuisine come to Vegas as we definitely do not have enough quality southern food, and don't have po boys yet. They try to keep it legit as the bread and proteins are shipped from Louisiana. 

My go to po boy is fried shrimp so I wanted to see how it stacked up to my favorite in LA. Theirs was pretty good, big shrimp with a nice crunch. The seasoned chips and coleslaw that come with every sandwich was solid ; good kettle chips and the coleslaw was seasoned just right for my taste. The BF got andouille sausage and that was just OK. I'm partial to fried items in my po boys. 

The service was very, very friendly. We were attended to pretty well. We were greeted at the door by 2 people right away. Since it wasn't busy in there I appreciated when we were walking in, people were cleaning than just being idle as that means there is pride in the details.

I thought the po boys were well made, and would please anyone having a hankering for one. The BF never had a po boy and while he said it was good wasn't sure a protein +mayo + lettuce + tomato sandwich was worth the price. It was $28 for 2 sandwiches and sweet tea. There is a Yelp Deal currently, so take advantage as that most definitely makes it worth it.
The wife and I went in with high expectations. Looking to be wowed by an authentic Po-Boy, no such luck. Service was friendly and attentive. Sandwich looked good, but very thin on the meat. At $10 a sandwich I'm looking for a bit of meat in every bite. Nope. Ordered the fries with gravy as a side. Gravy arrived gelatinous, like pouring Jello on my fries. We were there at noon, they should be ready for the lunch rush. Beignets were good, but you really can't screw up fried dough with powdered sugar. Area is a bit sketchy. I will go anywhere for good food, but if you go after dark you may want to bring a shank.
Mardi gras slaps you in the face as you walk in, beads are everywhere.... The decor isn't the prettiest but it definitely tells you what food they are serving.  After talking to D'Nise, our server, this place is as legit as it gets.  All their ingredients come straight from New Orleans, the bread, the gator, the catfish...all of it!  For all the fried food addicts out there, this is a safe haven.  We ordered the fried mac and cheese and the fried corn fritters for starters, and they also have fried pickles even though it's not on the menu.  Holy grease bomb!  The fried corn fritters are even better than the ones at Rollin Smoke.  They are even creamier balls of fried deliciousness!  The fried mac and cheese was also rich and creamy and perfect with the crunchy batter exterior.  I would say mac and cheese greater than or equal to corn fritters but it was a close call!   I came with every intention of getting the Streetcar (fried oysters, shrimp, and catfish), but they were out of catfish!! This is why I can't give them five stars....how can you run out of catfish?  But I will give them credit, the catfish just arrived in morning, and they didn't have time to prep it yet.  So at least you know they are getting shipments daily and not serving ingredients that have been sitting around.   So no catfish, I went with a close substitute, the Big Easy (fried shrimp) and added oysters.  My only one complaint was the fact that the one oyster in the po boy cost me $3.50 extra...definitely not worth it.  So if they don't have the Streetcar available that day, I would just pick the Big Easy.  The shrimp were fried to a golden perfection, as well as the oyster.   There was no unnecessary chewiness to be had in this po boy.  The regular po boy is about 8 inches long and dressed perfectly with mayo/ketchup combo, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles. Generally, I'm not a big fan of bread, but I do recognize a good one when I taste it.  The bread here has a perfect crispy crust with a soft, airy interior.   Definitely memorable.  The fiance decided to venture out and order The Swamp (fried alligator).  It seemed to be a popular option since we heard quite a few orders being called into the kitchen for this po boy.  So looks like chicken...tastes like chicken....not quite ha!  The alligator was fried well, but when I went to go take a bite...I had a difficult time separating my teeth from his po boy.  Too chewy for my liking, but I'm guessing it's an acquired taste. All the po boys are served with cajun chips and cole slaw.  I opted out of the cole slaw for a double portion of chips.  These chips are seasoned to addictive perfection.  I ended up taking my chips home with me to snack on them later.  I'm definitely going to come back so I can get me some catfish and try some of their desserts!  This place is a steal especially with their yelp deal going on right now.
Excellent sandwiches and love the deep fried pickles Yum! I finally got to make into the shop today and was not disappointed, the people were as friendly as I remembered from meeting them at the vender show and auction 2 weeks ago and the food, even better. I got the Bourbon Street po'boy (roast beef & gravy), thick tender slices of real roast with gravy and the works, so good. Warning napkins are a must with these
As soon as you are done reading this review and are planning on going here, get the 10 for 20 dollar Groupon deal while it is still available. 

So what is a Po-Boy sandwich? According the Webster's Dictionary: A po' boy (also po-boy, po boy, or poor boy) is a traditional submarine sandwich from Louisiana. It almost always consists of meat, usually roast beef, or fried seafood. The meat is served on baguette-like New Orleans French bread, known for its crisp crust and fluffy center.

Off we went looking for this place. I gotta admit, they are nestled in the corner of questionable plaza. The parking lot itself is kind of ghetto because there are speed bumps that not clearly marked and the lines for the parking spaces are faded. Now I would never not check a place out just because of the area its in but to keep it real, I would not recommend coming here at night.

As we enter, we are warmly greeted by D'nis, who was also our assigned server. Right away I can tell the service was gonna be good. She got our drink orders while we went over the menu. Before we ordered, a lady by the name of Gwen introduced herself to us as the owner and thanked us for coming in before she went out the front door. The menu is simple. They had an extensive assortment of po-boy sandwiches to choose from. You have two size options to choose from. Regular, which is a 9 inch, or Large, which is a foot long. All sandwiches come with cole slaw and home made cajun potato chips. 

We decided to go with the Large Catfish Po-Boy, a side of Fried Okra, and for dessert, Beignet. At first we were gonna order two different regular sandwiches so we can try more than one flavor. Im kind of glad we didn't because we barely finished the large size. From the pic I took that was only half the sandwich. For sure I can verify what every review here is in agreement with. The bread itself is very good. 

The Catfish was breaded in cornmeal mixed with cajun spices accompanied with mayo, pickles, and lettuce. The cajun chips were really good. I love how the spices they threw on the chips gives you that flavor kick with every crunchy bite. The Fried Okra was good. The Beignet was just average. Im not sure if its because of beignets I have had in the past was different, but the ones here did not strike my fancy.

Honorable mention goes out to Alligator Po-Boy. For you adventure seekers that have that inner Andrew Zimmern in you, go for it. I have tried alligator several times and I know for sure that its not my thing. If you have never tried it, find out for yourself if your taste buds like it.

The only negative I observed was that if you order soda, they bring it out as 12 oz cans. So basically, there are no free refills. You would have to pay for each individual drink. I can easily go through 3 cans. Of course water is always free.

Overall, the food and the service are pretty good in my book. The area and no refills not so much. 

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #65
Great food. Definitely going back for more. 
*love that they give the kids a stuffed animal of their choice*.
Best fried pickles in town
We went in on a Saturday evening, about 7:30.  Just a couple who were about to leave and myself and my husband.  I was very excited to see they had Gulf Shrimp poboys so we both ordered whole ones.  Price I think was 14.95 each.  The shrimp were delicious and I especially liked the homemade chips.  They called the chips cajun chips, I would describe them as the best tasting BBQ flavor chips I ever ate.  The poboy also came with a side of slaw that was nothing to write home about.  Overall, the owner was delightful to speak with, as she came over to our table and introduced herself to use, and the girl who served us was very knowledgeable about the menu and ingredients.  I think based on their location, Saturday evening business is very slow, but I would imagine during the week, at lunch they are slammed.  Overall I loved my poboy and having no problem paying the 14.95 because of the quality of the shrimp.
I love New Orleans. I love the food in New Orleans. I hate it that Rachel B. posted about this place because I'm plenty fat already, thank you! But, it was actually a place I didn't have to drive 20 miles to get to, so I scooped up Rosebud and a pal and we went to try it out. It's in the location of the old Poppa Gar's, but changed mightily inside, with a décor of deep purple walls, Mardi Gras beads, and metallic red booths, which somehow works and is pretty darn comfortable

. Great service. All the staff were friendly and sweet, and no one was judging us for ordering the big sized sandwiches ($2 more for twice as much- how can you not?) The only problem was, we were all so worried that one of us would get something better than the others, that we all went with the fried shrimp. So, we didn't get to sample any other flavors. We all agreed that they were good but the shrimp was on the tough, overcooked side. Nothing a little extra mayo couldn't fix, and it might be an isolated incident.
 In addition to the Cajun chips and cole slaw that came with our po'boys, we also got sides to share of sweet potato fries (OK), fried mac and cheese bites (tasty but probably frozen from a restaurant supply), and our favorite, the corn fritters (yummy no matter where they came from).

Even after this deep-fried gorge fest, we would have ordered dessert (did I mention we were fat?), but were going elsewhere later. Next time for sure.
Mortadella is a large Italian sausage or cold cut made of finely hashed or ground, heat-cured pork sausage, which incorporates at least 15% small cubes of pork fat (principally the hard fat from the neck of the pig). -- from wikipedia 

The fried mortadella in the Muffaletta sandwich was my favorite bite. I never had a fried bologna sandwich and the Oscar Meyer version makes my stomach turn. Mortadella is a tastier version of the well-loved cold cut.  I really liked it. 

As for the other po'boys, I thought they were alright. I've been to New Orleans once. There, I ate at a little, well-known place called Drago's. I ordered a oyster po'boy (because someone on Yelp told me to do it) and had an epiphany. I didn't have the same epiphany here. 

The homemade chips with BBQ seasoning was a nice touch. Their portions are huge but it's reflected in their prices. 

Dessert was just a-ok.
OK - I am from New Orleans, so I will probably be more harsh than most. First, I must say that the bread is real, authentic New Orleans Po Boy bread.

So, my wife and couldn't wait to try their po boys, since I only get back to NO once a year. Yes, po boy withdrawals!

I had the oyster po boy - oysters were a little over cooked, which in NO that is a deadly sin. They also over seasoned the breading on the oysters. They are using good oysters, then let the oysters speak for themselves. To much cajon seasoning, which is what most places do that are not from NO. Also, not enough oysters on the sandwich. 

My wife had the roast beef po boy. Now, if you have ever been to NO, this is not a po boy from Parkway Tavern in NO. If you go to NO, Parkway is a must go to place.

The roast beef was tasty but it should have been cooked a little longer so it would fall apart. Chunks on the po boy were to big and chewy, but flavorful. Not enough gravy to make it a real wet po boy!!

Onion rings were good. Cole slaw is awesome. 

Give the place a try if you have never had a real po boy, or if you are having NO withdrawals!
First and foremost...DO NOT TRUST YOUR GPS!!!mi got lost finding this place, but I'm glad I persevered!

The inside reminds me a of Louisiana (The bit I can remember) open and spacious, mardi gras beads.... The hostess was very polite and friendly even though she had to inform me they were all sold out of alligator! Grrr... Ended up ordering the Streetcar and the Bourbon Street. Streetcar was nice, even though I HATE CATFISH!!! The shrimpies were so delicious and big, the oysters nice and crispy... The bread is wonderful!! The Bourbon street was good. I inhaled it, so I don't remember much... The meat wasn't chewy and grisly, that was nice. There was an interesting taste of peanut in the gravy sauce... I bought 2 larges, expecting leftovers. Oh man, large is humongous!! WOW!!! Nice for leftovers. Oh, and then you get some nice cajun seasoned chips. Amazing deal. 
Also got a side of fried okra so I could nibble on the drive home. I don't think I like okra. The outside of the little bites were nice and crispy and cajun seasoned. Good, for being okra. =)

I'm returning, this time not following my GPS and I'll call to make sure they have alligator!
The service here is Fantastic, the best that I've had in a very long time. The food is just WoW where do I begin... The chips that came with my food are made fresh and the seasoning was so tasty. My Ragin Cajun Po-Boy was Delicious it comes with Turkey that's cooked to perfection, gravy, French Fries,lettuce,tomatoes & pickles. It is very messy which usually I'm not a fan of but for food this good I'll be more than happy to make the exception.  Our server (I can't remember her name it starts with K unique name) was so helpful & immediately began to explain the menu and give us suggestions. Needless to say I will defiantly be back!!!
A little bit of heaven in sin city!  The spirit and flavor of authentic Louisiana.  The owner, Gwen is a gem who goes above and beyond for each customer.  All Cajuns know- the po-boy is all about the bread :). Streetcar po-boys won't disappoint!!!
I am always on the hunt for a potentially new lunch spot to add to the rotation. Having been to the last three renditions of restaurants in this location it was only natural to check the new guys on the block. The interior has gotten a splash of paint to give it that Mardi Gras look and feel, meanwhile the 1950's diner booths are still in pretty good shape after all these years.  
The menu offers a good variety of options. I choose the "Big Easy" dressed. The French bread was light and delicious. The fried shrimp were done well, but could have used a couple more in the sandwich. The dressing was quite good and had a slight kick. The side of Cajun chips was tasty but nothing special; meanwhile the cole slaw was pretty tasty.  Just wish they had a blackened shrimp option in addition to that of the fried. I give the po-boy a 4/5 and the service was friendly and attentive. 
All said and done, I will be back for another round and more than likely will get the large po-boy versus the regular size.
I'm glad more people don't know about this place yet and kind of dread when everyone finds out how great it is.

Went for lunch w/ some friends and the place was empty except for one other person (who I actually knew).  The food was excellent, service was good and our food came out rather quickly.

The owner stopped by our table to introduce herself and is a charmer. 

Looking forward to going back and trying the next item on the menu!
This is now one of my go - to places anytime I visit Vegas. I had the Who Dat and I have to say it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. We were lucky enough to run into the owner, Gwen, who is the perfect Louisiana Mama. What a pleasure.  Food is fresh and brought in from New Orleans daily. You've got to give it a try. Don't let the location worry you. It's industrial/business area but in a good area. They have early hours, so no late night snacks. But make sure you go and tell your friends. It would be a shame for this place not to make it.
I've always loved Po'boys but one thing I have experienced is that every place has a different concept for Po'boys.  I have never eaten one in New Orleans so I can only compare it to others I have had, however I have to say I was very impressed.

We entered what reminded me of the 60's diners back home.  Booths and tables and sparse decorations set the stage for our meal.  We were greeted by a friendly hostess who turned out to be the owner's granddaughter.  Gave it a nice family restaurant feel in a city severely lacking in that area.  We were escorted to a booth where another friendly waitress took our order.  She was eager to explain the menu.  We were disappointed to find out they were out of Mac n Cheese, Alligator, and oysters.  I settled on a crawfish boudin sausage po'boy and a corn fritter appetizer.

The fritters were actually light and full of corn flavor.  The side of a ranch like sauce was not even necessary as these fritters had just the right mix of flavor and spice.  

The po'boy was really good, the sausage was in casing like a good sausage should be.  I was hoping for a little more kick but it was definitely a good tasting sandwich.  They don't drown their po'boys in sauce either which is a positive.  The cajun chips were very good as well.  

I will be back to try the mac n cheese and alligator but I was definitely impressed on this visit.  The owner is from New Orleans and clearly takes pride in her work.  It was just like I pictured eating at someone's home in the Big Easy would be.

Streetcar is a welcome addition to the downtown area.
This place is nothing like eating back home in Louisiana. I read the reviews thinking that this place would have some great poboys and that wasn't the case. The items that they proclaim to be known for such as the cajun chips and corn fritters they didn't even have any and it was only 2pm when I went there. The waiter stated they had a rush but she only closed out 11 tickets and there was only 1 other server in the restaurant. My wife said the bread was the only good thing she could say was good but not me. Il pass on this one!
The only reason it gets one star is because the server was nice. I have no clue where all the great reviews came from. They been open 3 months and I don't see it being much longer before they close down. The signature streetcar poy Boy was horrible. The seafood was cooked in old grease and they were out of most the foods we heard were good from the reviews. Please don't waste your time. It doesn't even compare to Louisiana. Go to Popeye's it'll be better.
Being that po-boys are one of my favorite sandwiches I had to try this place out. What can I say its a really good sandwich. It has all the toppings of a true po-boy and the bread is the only bread a po-boy should be on. It comes direct from New Orleans. The only thing that could make this po-boy better if I was having it in New Orleans. Also the hush puppies are tasty as well. Go check this place out you won't be disappointed.
I've been wanting to try Streetcar Po-boys for a while now.   I've read a ton of good reviews, and see all kinds of pictures, so when a friend asked where I wanted to go for my birthday lunch, I picked Streetcar!

I walked into a little diner, with purple walls, and Mardi Gras beads on the light fixtures.  Louis Armstrong was playing, which really got me in the mood.  I was seated while I waited for a friend, and ordered a sweet tea while I perused the menu.  So many choices!  They even have a fried alligator poboy!  I'll have to try that one next. 

When my friend arrived, we decided to get the large sandwiches and split them, so we could each taste something different.  We ordered the Streetcar (shrimp, oysters and catfish) and the Crescent City (Muffuletta:  salami, ham, olive spread, etc.).  We also had the fried okra and fried pickles. 

The appetizers were amazing.  We couldn't stop eating the pickles!  I was impressed at how the breading wasn't falling off at all, most places you go, the breading falls off the pickles.  

The owner, Gwen, stopped over and introduced herself, which I thought was a nice touch.  When our food came, I was surprised...there was SO MUCH!  

The sandwiches come with homemade chips, and coleslaw...I really hate coleslaw, but I wanted to at least try it so that I could write a full review.  Let's just say that by the end of the meal, as full as I was, I was shoveling it into my mouth.  It had a sweet taste, and was really delicious.  

The sandwiches themselves were great.  Gwen told us that they bring the bread in from New Orleans, and that the rest of the food they do in house.  She even told me the secret to keeping the breading on the pickles!

For dessert, we ordered the bread pudding to go...let me tell you, for the price, I was not expecting such a huge portion...and it is DELICIOUS!

I will definitely go back again.  Service was incredible, I wish I could remember our server's name, he was awesome.  The food was great.  

Thanks for a great birthday lunch, Streetcar!
Great Sandwiches. The corn fritters are amazing.
Oh mmm Gee this place totally took me by surprise. The dressed Da Saints, dressed  Ragin Cajun and the cheese fries with brown gravy totally was delicious. Our waitress was VERY nice and Friendly. We being new at trying po-boys I can honestly say we will be back again for more.!!
Aaaah, what  class act this joint is.  The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is that I was genuinely concerned for my health after gorging myself silly here.  

Everything on the menu I tried was delicious and I don't know what they put in the french-fried pickle batter but there is something highly addictive about it!  *Drool*  I wish I was still eating them right now.  Must. Go. Back.  Get. More.  Yum.  

One of the best parts was how the staff and management roam from table to table chatting with the clientele and making everyone feel like a VIP from the guest list.  I can't wait to lost 10 pounds so I can go back and eat it all back.
I really just came here for the beignets lol. BUT the people here are very nice... Cashier had a smile, and I really treasure customer service... Maybe some other day I'll try some sandwiches but 5 stars just for the service and the beignets are AWESOME!!!
I  LOVE Cajun food so I always jump at the chance of getting it in Las Vegas. Went there today with co-workers after seeing the article in the RJ this moring. We all enjoyed it very much! The food is delicious and the service was as good as it gets! Very friendly staff and the owner was so nice and welcoming as if you are family. The crusty bread just makes the sandwich and the sauce is amazing. I ordered the fried okra, fried mac and corn fritters so amazing I don't know which one I liked more. The bread pudding is a must! Can't wait to go back!
Tucked away a little off the strip is a small slice of Louisiana. Authentic po boy sandwiches and muffaletta with bread from the New Orleans bakeries. Sweet tea that tastes like you should be drinking it on a wide front porch down South. I had the muffaletta and it was the best taste of New Orleans I have had outside of the city itself. Well worth finding and very reasonably priced.
Very good, down home cooking. The bread was perfect and flakey. The fried mac n cheese bites were freaking amazing. The gravy on the real cajun was also delicious. 

The service was very friendly. Prices were extremely reasonable. Only downside is that its far! But worth the drive!
If I could give zero stars I would. Our server Gordon was doing a good job in fact he was the only one working while the other 5 people including the owner, stood around laughing and joking and one of the girls was on Facebook the whole time. We left after waiting over 23 minutes for our sandwich..
Had the shrimp po-boy and loved it. The chips were crisp and not greasy. Coleslaw was yummy too! Plan on going back to try more...
My husband wanted a shrimp po boy, so like any couple would do, we consulted Yelp. We found this place and saw all of the great reviews and we decided to try it out. 

It was so delicious! We arrived about thirty minutes before closing. My husband had the shrimp po boy and I had a beef and gravy po boy. Holy moly, talk about delicious. Their chips were awesome and their coleslaw was amazing! All the food was fresh.

I can't wait to go back!
Reasonably priced, customer service awesome, and like everyone says the bread is great. I went with the "Streetcar" which was supposed to be shrimp, oysters and catfish...they were out of oysters but since I wanted the sandwich anyway they threw on a couple extra shrimp. Great Cajun eating in LV!
Oh so delicious! The catfish sandwich is awesome! The fried pickles.. great, only wish I had double order!  fried okra really good and the staff was super friendly. I will go there whenever I'm in the area.
First, let me start off by saying I was born and raised in New Orleans so of course my expectations would be high. I grew up eating these type of food, and I also work in the business growing up. 

I ordered the Bourbon, which is the roast beef poboy with gravy. I expected the roast beef to be sliced, not pulled like a pulled pork sandwich. It was okay in my opinion. I've definitely had better back home. 
My bf had his mind and heart set on ordering the oysters but they ran out of that so he ordered the Swamp instead, which is the fried alligator. That was very very disappointing. The gator itself was chewy, and it was heavily salted, like someone pretty much poured the entire container of salt on it and called it a day. He ate maybe 1/3 of his poboy and pretty much threw the rest away. 
My friend had the Who Dat, which is the hot sausage patty poboy. You can't really go wrong with that, I mean I get the Patton's patties frozen from New Orleans and bring it back to Vegas and make my own poboy. All of the poboys come with some Cajun chips and cole slaw. 
Now the sides on the other hand are pretty good. This is the reason why they get the third star. They ran out of the fried Mac n cheese, which again was disappointing but there's nothing we can do about it but order something else. We ended up ordering the fried okras, beer battered onion rings, and fried pickles which was all pretty good. 
Would I come back and give this place another try? Perhaps. They just opened, so there's always room for improvements.  My suggestions?
Offer seafood plates (it usually comes with fries/house salad.) Not everyone wants to order a poboy. 
Add some gumbo, étouffée, jambalaya, red beans, some more southern dishes to your menu. 
Definitely need some fleur de lis decor in the restaurant! I mean, you misspelled N'awlins on the menu! 
Whenever I get the craving for an oyster poboy, I will probably try calling and see if it's available first before taking a drive out here. I hope this place improves. Will update on this review next time.
The place is located where the old PaPa Garrs once stood, great old diner.  It's kinda nice inside with a New Orleans tone. We were there for lunch (1:30) and the place was near empty with only one other couple. My wife ordered the oyster po'boy to which our server (Gordon) said the delivery was not made that day. So she settled for the small catfish po'boy and was told that it rivaled Mario's Market. I ordered the muffuletta and sweet tea. 

It took a while to get our food and a little annoying as the place was near empty. The Mrs. sandwich arrived and looked great, except there were two (one on each half) thin strips of catfish (1.5" x 4" ). Plenty of lettuce and the roll looked good. She was not impressed. The coleslaw was very good. It comes with the sandwich along with some very tasty chips.

My sandwich arrives at the same time and I was not impressed either. The meat was grilled and the cheese melted over it like a grilled ham an cheese sandwich. I've had this 
this sandwich many times in New Orleans and made it myself at home. No where does the meat get grilled on a flat top. The muffuletta is the quintessential New Orleans sandwich of cured meats, cheese and tangy olive salad piled onto a sturdy Italian loaf.
No lettuce, tomato etc.....just olive tempanade/giardiniera. 
Both sandwich's were below par. The sweet tea, chips and coleslaw were very good.....but the happiness ends there. Sorry.
Stop by for brunch at 10:30 AM. No one was there which was nice. The staff was very friendly. I was greeted with a smile and hello as soon as I walked in. I had the place to myself so I sat in the booth. I came in on a mission to order a shrimp Po boy. The French bread was good. And the shrimp wasn't over Fried. This sandwich was not overdressed so that's good because I don't like it very messy. I went with the Cajun fries on the side which was also very good. I would definitely come back here again and try the other items on the menu.
Feels like a lil piece of NOLA in da desert! People are friendly and welcoming. Food is good!
Best meal I had in Las Vegas. I recently went to New Orleans and ate at two different poboy shops and they don't even compare to Streetcar Poboys.
The food was great, the bengiets were absolutely fantastic and made to order! And the service was fast and very friendly. This place was so good that I went twice in one week.
Had oyster and a combo (catfish, oyster, shrimp) po-boys. Both were delicious! Fries and sweet tea were good too.

Neighborhood looks a little rough, and restaurant decor is a little skimpy. We were one of two groups there when we entered, but the restaurant was filled when we left. Service was fast and friendly. Will come back again.
Excellent muffuletta.  Olive salad was PERFECT.  Service a bit slow.
Catfish po boy - 5 stars.
Shrimp po boy - 4.5 stars.
Gator po boy - 1 star. 

As a big alligator fan I was horribly disappointed with the gator PoBoy.   The gator meat was soggy and possibly undercooked.  The catfish and shrimp were excellent and I'll be ordering the catfish PoBoy from now on.

Wait staff was very friendly!
On a recent trip to Vegas, I tried to find eateries that were off of the strip. I wanted less touristy spots and more tasty food. Streetcar Po-poys did not disappoint. Everything was delicious and the staff was incredibly friendly.
What a great sandwich, ordered the Streetcar without the catfish and it was amazing!! Our waiter was great and the food came out quickly! Will be coming back again and again! We were told that because of the I-15 freeway expansion that they will be relocating and we were sure to leave them our emails so we know where to find them when they do move. Definitely recommend this place for their sandwiches!!
Yummy shrimp po-boy! A tasty downtown option where there are few!
Streetcar Po Boys suffers from a condition that is slightly schizophrenic.  On one hand the have the fun festive atmosphere of a great restaurant. But they serve sandwiches in baskets. 

They have delicious items flown in from the Big Easy daily but you're handed plastic forks and knives. It's not charming it's confusing. 

The menu has a fine selection of wonderful unique options and coke is served in a can with a cup of ice.

Yes Streetcar Po Boys is half gourmet treasure, half sandwich shop. The prices and taste say high end, the presentation says "great place to grab a bite. ". Please decide which you want to be before your customer decides in their heads and chooses to return or not. 

The staff are pleasant and try real hard to make the place a positive experience. I feel bad about 3 stars cause I want the place to succeed. But picky diners will feel like they are not getting something special when their expensive gourmet food comes in a plastic basket.
Very disappointing. They were too chincey with the meats on the sandwiches. They oyster po'boy was to dry and too much breading. The roast beef and gravy po'boy had nearly no meat and gravy. 
Side dishes ( fried okra and hushpuppies) were very good. Service was good. Too bad the food was so disappointing.
The fried ochre and pickles were good, but the roast beef poboy wasn't our favorite. Also they were out of a few things, like catfish, but the shrimp poboy I got instead was decent. All in all it wasn't the worst experience, but it also could have been a lot better
AWESOME Nawlins fare!!! Great po'boys & sides & desserts!!! I would give 5 stars, but service is terribly slow. Everyone was very nice & authentic Cajun food, just really slow... But worth the wait!!!
First time here. Located on the NW corner of Oakey and Western. Almost has a diner decor on the inside. Completely not what i expected when i saw the outside. 

Was greeted by the cashier that took my order (to-go). Very nice lady. I've been told about the Fried Alligator so i decided to try it. It is listed under Po-Boy's as "The Swamp" with all the toppings and the sauce in the sandwich. They have two sizes. Regular and Large. Regular being 7" and Large being 10". Opt'ed for the 7". Still pricey but i guess thats the premium for alligator. XD 

A guy walked in before me so their order was ahead of mine. During the ... approx 25 minutes ... i waited for my order, i saw a table have their order filled (3-4 people?) as well as the guy that was ahead of me (he had 2 items?). A little slow but i wasn't in a rush and i occupied myself with a video on my phone. 

When i got my order, i had left and decided to eat in my car (not much of a fan of sitting in a restaurant to eat alone XD) and i can watch my video with car's sound system instead of the bluetooth in my ear. 

Fresh fried fries with cajun seasoning dusted on top. Little under seasoned but nice and crispy. Cole slaw was decent but not much of a fan of cole claw anyway. 

The sandwich itself was wrapped in foil to keep it warm. Not sure how long the sandwich was sitting there prior to me getting the sandwich but if the alligator was fried (looked like it), it wasnt crispy anymore. I guess thats why they gave the option of having the sauce in the sandwich or on the side. Alligator,....  to be honest im not sure how to describe it. Its not as tender as chicken. It has a chewy aspect but not like rubber chewy... Doesn't really have a texture like i guessed (like frog)... almost looked like fried boneless chicken but not o.O Sandwich was pretty good. I think id like to try the alligator by itself, freshly fried and not drenched in sauce to get a real feel of the texture and what not. 

Overall, not bad. Would like to come back to try other things if im in the area.
Like Nelson Q, I really wanted to love this place. But after reading so many positive reviews, I finally made it in for a meal- and was quite underwhelmed. Service was very friendly but the product was lackluster.

Opted for their signature sando, the Streetcar Poboy, served with a side of coleslaw and Cajun chips. The bread that Emily R praises as craveworthy did not even taste fresh, which really brought down my impression of the overall sandwich. Topped with shrimp, oysters, and catfish, it was a hearty portion and didn't have anything wrong with it, but it didn't live up to the praise. I felt that Gritz Cafe better executed a poboy and it's not even their main menu item.

Cajun chips served alongside my sandwich were bland, underseasoned, and seemed borderline stale. Service will keep this place on my radar to try their piroque and alligator on another visit, but I'm hoping I just caught them on an off night.
Super friendly. The food is pretty good. The hush puppies were amazing. I felt as though I was in their home. With that being said, I did not enjoy seeing the costomers socializing over the food that was being served, or watching our order come up and sit while people converesed around it, until someone notices and brings us the order. Also, the sweet waitress kept twirling her ponytail and redoing her ponytail. I'm sure that these things are done without thinking, but they have you watch those movies and take the test, at the health dep. for a reason. That's just nasty. Please stop touching your hair, or any part of yourself, while serving food. Please!?!? And please pay better attention to your customers, rather than duscussing your car problems, before entering our order, with other customers. Thanks.
This service was okay, but it took about 30minuets longer than it should have. Especially since we were the only two people in the place. The idea is great but the execution was not there and after reading all the reviews I was stoke to try it. Food was just not the quality I expected. Shrimp was good and the Streetcar was not what I've experienced in the South. The only thing truly worth the price is the Beignets, which I may have to pick some up for coffee soon. Thanx to the Yelp Deal I was not to upset by the overcharge.
I was really looking forward to trying out Streetcar Po-boys and bugged my co-workers to go in with me for well over a month.  Unfortunately it did not live up to the hype. Our order from three of us consisted of a Zulu (eggpland and zucchini marinara), a Viex Carre (BBQ beef), and a French Quarter (meatball marinara).  Each sandwich came with a side of coleslaw (very good and creamy, BTW) and some fries.  There weren't many fries to be had.  Just a small handfull.  What there was of them was very seasoned to the point that my co-workers claimed they were too spicy.  I disagree but that is not the point of my story today.  My boss ordered the viex carre and said the BBQ sauce was too spicy.  She was only able to eat a small portion of her rather pricey sandwich.  My co-worker ordered the French Quarter.  She did care for it due to small meatballs cut in half and the lettuce, pickles, mayo, etc.  That I take the blame for.  When I ordered I was asked if I wanted the sandwiches dressed.  I said yes.  My bad.  On hot sandwiches like any of the marinara style or a BBQ beef sandwich, cold toppings just really don't belong.  On my Zulu I would not mind the tomato or the pickles.  Soggy shredded lettuce is where I draw the line.  Amazingly enough this is exactly what I received on the side in a small cup.  A small styrofoam cup of shredded lettuce and marinara.  I don't know if it was meant as a side dish or as extra for the sandwich itself.  I don't like when I am confused by food.  Setting that aside, I actually kind of liked my Zulu sandwich.  There was a good amount of eggplant and zucchini and sauce and the flavor was good.  It was not especially filling but I was not starving afterwards either.  I would have been happier had I been able to order the corn fritters I have seen pictures of.  Unfortunately, Streetcar's provider/distributor of such delights no longer has the fritters available.  And so it was that no sides were to be ordered.  Nor were desserts which is too bad because some of them look really good.  I may just have to make a special dessert visit some day but when it comes to sandwiches, I'll pass.
Two stars only because there was a hair in my coleslaw. The waitress has her hair loose and down, which is probably why I found a hair. She should have her hair tied back or in a bun, since she's constantly touching her hair. 

The food was good, even though they had run out of some of what we asked for. 

My father-in-law had to ask for a refill, but was content with his food. 

Hopefully, if we return, there will be a new rule set that hair must be tied back.
My wife and I went here for lunch, I had a Muffuletta sandwich and my wife had a Roast beef, mine was very big and also very tasty, the only bad thing I can say is the lack of French fries they gave you with the sandwich, you got a cup of coleslew and about 10-12 french fries, I would not normally count them, but their were too few on the plate not to
Drove by and saw the sign on the building and couldn't be happier to have this Authentic Cajun restaurant in my neighborhood after hearing it had closed in Phoenix.  We stopped for Lunch and had the Baby Kay's combo which was totally awesome nice and spicy.  Plus the Catfish dinner with Crawfish sauce which was melt in your mouth delicious.  If your an diehard Cajun cooking lover than this place is for you.  Super friendly staff told us about there plan to take over the next door store as well and a patio.   Nice to have another awesome food place in the area and nice to be the first on here to highly recommend it to everyone.
My wife and I are long time patrons of Baby Kay's.

We were happy to see that they had reopened at last and had to visit.

We had Po'boy sandwiches (pork, half shrimp and half catfish), a crab cake and some gumbo.

The chicken and andouille sausage gumbo was as wonderful as ever.

The crab cakes was delightfully spicy.

The sandwiches wonderful with the same crunchy chips.

We also took home some Bread Pudding which was splendid as usual.  

All in all a fantastic visit.
I'M UPSET! Baby Kay's: WHERE do you get off serving gumbo that damn good?? How dare you. And the green olive cole slaw? You're just showing off. And then you have the nerve to play classic New Orleans music while I stuff my face, coming up for air strictly for survival purposes.

And the bread pudding with the whiskey sauce?? My granny made bread pudding that I thought was the best in the world. Now I'm mad as hell at her. And she can't even defend herself, because she's dead.

My whole world is shaken right now. In the best way possible. Kudos, Baby Kay. I love you.
A few of my boyfriends friends swears by this place. They say it's the best Cajun food they've ever had! Unfortunately my experience was a little different. 

Walking into the restaurant, I figured they would have change the decor from the previous restaurant/owner. I was wrong. Everything looked the same!

The meal itself was not hitting the spot (I'm usually easy to please when it comes to food). We started with their crab cakes - green onions were overwhelming, salty, over seasoned, and too fried. I think crabs have a great natural taste that doesn't need to be masked by all the seasonings. We then decided to share the half fried oyster po boy and half seafood gumbo. The seafood gumbo wasn't anything special; a little too salty for my liking. The fried oyster in the po boy must have been old because it had a stench after biting into it and the texture was off. To be honest, we weren't feeling too good afterwards. 

Sad to say, but this place is one and done on our list.
Was not impressed with the food, We've ate at the one that use to be on Camelback and it was better. Our waiter/bartender spilled a glass of Ice tea all over me and I was not offered or given any discount for my meal. It was very uncomfortable eat with wet clothes on. Very unhappy and will not recommend this place. :(
I used to go to the old location where they had a rockin etouffee. 
Unfortunately, I either walked into the wrong place or they are not making the same quality stuff anymore. 
The "étouffée" I ordered was very much like a watered-down version of the filling in a Stouffers chicken pot pie - no pepper or spice of any kind and certainly no roux.  Then there were like 6-7 really puny shrimp buried in this mysterious liquid and the whole thing had this nasty old restaurant smell. It seemed really old. 
I felt really ripped off by the $16.95 price & kept wondering if I had stumbled into an episode of Kitchen Nighmares! 
I hope the rest of their food is better, but I would never go near that pseudo-etoufee again.
I haven't been exposed to too much Cajun dining but I was thoroughly impressed with my meal. I had the gumbo and the jambalaya, both chicken and sausage, and both tasted great. I like my food spicy and rarely do I have a meal I don't think about adding hot sauce and this was one, and not because of the heat but because of the flavor and heat!
This is the closest thing to NOLA you will find in this city.

Everything they serve is good, the catfish, the etoufee, gumbo, jambalaya, you name it.

The lunch specials are fantastic, try the seafood enchiladas on Tuesday.

I can't believe I'm going to post this here because I don't like competition when it comes ot getting my order (they run out), but they have a crawfish boil on Wednesday night, it is AWESOME.

I have friends who are from LA and they swear by this place.  I am new but a dedicated fan.

If you don't like this place, you probably don't like this kind of food or you are just a weirdo.  Anyone who gave it less than 4 stars must be from the 70s because they are on ludes.
Great food, great bar, great server Kori. Keep it up Baby Kay's. The gumbo is delicious, the red beans and rice rock, the wings are to die for, and the fried chicken is second to none! Do yourself a favor and go get ya some!
New (second or temporary location) for this Cajun restaurant. Came to Mesa to try it out, we ordered the catfish dinner with crawfish sauce and a half poboy & cup of seafood gumbo. (All seafood due to Ash Wednesday, wish I made it here last night )  The crawfish étouffée atop the catfish was amazing, perfect texture and flavor, I then took a bite, crispy and spicy on the outside, moist and delicious on the inside.  I don't think i have had better (except blackened, blackened is better heh) .  The gumbo was great as well, the right amount of spice, i was so missing the andouille sausage, but lent.
Been a Baby Kays fan since the first one on Shoeman Lane in Snottsdale.  Any review less than 4 stars is either a competitor or needs to put down the pipe.

Green olive slaw is simply fantastic.  Love the Cajun Combination and recommend it for newbies.  Their Friday night Smothered Southern Pork Chops have a huge fan base.  But I'll always be a sucker for the crawfish étouffée.....sprinkled with a little extra cayenne.

Thanks to Kay for bringing her authentic recipes from Louisiana, and to the girls that are carrying on the legacy of great food and friendly service.
Their catfish dinner with crawfish sauce is bomb! But we always come in large parties and that is always a problem for them to handle with the food and bills when we need them split.
What a great little place. The food and atmosphere were awesome (really enjoyed the music, made me feel like we were in New Orleans, or watching one of my favorite shows...miss you Treme). Our waiter was great and the serving portions were just right (the chicken and sausage gumbo was soooo tasty, and really digged the homemade chips). The only reason I did not give 5-stars is that I felt it was just a wee-bit pricy for lunch (but you will have to forgive me, as I am a bit of a bargain hunter).  We enjoyed our visit when they were located in Phoenix, and were very pleased to see that they relocated closer to home (our home of course). I am looking forward to their future expansion, which should allow for more seating as well as a more attractive bar area. (also thank you so much for cleansing my mind and body of our earlier horrible Coco's experience).
What can I say, I am a sucker for spicy Cajun food and Baby Kay's fits the bill.  It is great to have this in our hood.   Not five star dining, but the food is good and the Key Lime Pie is the bomb.
Great food and really good service, thank you Molly! Plus, you're allowed to bring in your own food if someone with you doesn't like delicious spicy seafood.
The shrimp was very large, juicy, and fresh!  We also go the crawfish, both hot  n juicy style spicy.  I liked the tasty sauce, it was nice and thick so the seafood was well coated.  The sausages were better than any of the other seafood boil places I have been to.  I just wish the hot n juicy style was more lemony but that's an easy fix- just squeeze more fresh lemon to your taste.  Great service for the soft opening.  Can't wait to come again!
If you come here you're in for a treat. Ordering may take a while because you're trying to decide what to have. 

I ended up trying the snow crab, shrimp, and calamari. They were all very good. If you want something spicy then you've come to the right place. 

If you have no problem peeling your food and getting your hands a little dirty then you wouldn't mind eating here. I had to clean my shrimp down from head to tail. It'll take some time to get use to but you'll get the hang of it. 

The service was excellent, but it would've been nice if they picked up some of the things off of the table. Another thing that bothered me was how many flies or gnats were around our table. It was pretty disgusting having to guard my friends food while he went to the bathroom. 

Overall food was good and so was the service.
I was so excited when I heard they were opening a Phoenix location. I absolutely love crawfish & would intentionally make a trip just to visit boiling crab. Hated the long trip there but food made up for it lol then I tried Angry crab shack in Mesa thinking it would be a replacement for BC but was utterly disappointed. Then came this place :)

First off, the crawfish at Hot & Juicy was delicious! Very comparable to BC, maybe even better. I had 2lbs of crawfish (hot& juicy flavor, spicy hot level), it was perfect. The menu is very easy to read. It pretty much comes in steps where you picked your seafood, pick which flavor, and how hot you want it. Couldn't have been easier right? Two thumbs up for food! 

Service.....was FABULOUS. We had Jasmine, who was very friendly, attentive, and there soon as something was needed. All the staff regularly dropped by to ask if we were ok or needed anything. Service was wonderful. 

The place itself is spacious so there's plenty of room. Atmosphere was relaxing. Overall, I loved the food & service. Definitely will be back!
This Southern girl was good and satistifed when she left Hot and Juicy Crawfish!  

When I saw this restaurant flash on the Yelp front page,  I thought I would give it a try eventually.  As I looked over their website, I realized, this is the same resto/company that I have had on my Vegas bookmarks for years.  The second I realized that, I bumped up my visit to "today".  

Going on a weekday at 4:30p has its bonuses - parking on Mill is much easier and Mill is not as crowded. So, I park and walk toward the restaurant.  The one thing I want to warn the Yelp community about is that the address says 740 S Mill Ave, the restaurant is actually facing 7th street and is west of Mill Ave (west/around the corner from Mellow Mushroom).  

So I went alone as this was decided an hour before I arrived.  I am so disappointed that you can't order a combo boil.  So I made up one.  I ordered 1lb of crawfish with the Hot and Juicy sauce served Spicy Hot.  I also ordered a half pound of shrimp (the only thing that can be ordered by the half lb) with the Lousiana Style sauce served Spicy Hot with sausage and a corn.  Each order comes in a plastic bag with enough seasoning to cover, but not drawn your crustaceans.   I couldn't eat it all, so I saved the shrimp order and ate the crawdaddies.  In general, if you like southern food that is spicy and full of flavors, my advice is to completely bypass the any other sauce option and go straight to the Hot and Juicy - trust me on this. (Order a different flavor as a side, thank me later)

So, I pull my first crawfish tail off and put that head to my mouth and sucked the head and out flowed the the hottest and juiciest crawfish deliciousness I had ever had in my life.  Sucking dem heads and pulling dem tails is how you eat crawfish.  But what I LOVED about these crawfish the most is how juicy they were!  So much seasoning and juice flows into your mouth out of those heads!  And the tails were tender and not overcooked.  So many places muck up crawfish by overcooking them!  They were also so tender and just right because they had not been frozen.  Yes, fresh, ALIVE when they cook them fresh!  Someone help me, I could have slapped someone it was so good!  I have eaten crawfish my entire life and I am pretty sure these were definitely seasoned the best because the Hot and Juicy sauce is so much thicker than the typical crawfish boil juice.  So the flavor just coats your mouth really good.

Thats it folks.  Get yo' self on over there and enjoy it.  Get over there, roll up your sleeves,  put on a bib (very important!) and get a beer! For Pete's sake, don't look like an amateur and wear the gloves they offer!  And always  remember to Suck dem Heads and Pull dem tails.
I am so happy that Hot N Juicy came to Phoenix!

I've never been to it in Vegas but while I was at work, one of the trainers came in and told me about it (she was getting lunch for her team.)
I'm not going to write a lengthy review, I'm just going to touch on the important parts

-We waited for about 10 minutes before we were seated, which isn't bad considering it's a small place.
-The customer service is wonderful! Our waitress (it was her first day but she did well) helped us pick out our food while a manager and other server hovered over her, which made me kind of nervous.

-The food. The food. The food. We all got shrimp but I will definitely the crawfish later. They were fat shrimp, the Hot N Juicy sauce and I thoroughly enjoyed eating them.

-I actually received the wrong order (I think I received Garlic Butter?) but they were happy to bring other 1/2 of what I wanted while I ate the other order. They never ended up bringing it (I did received a tub of Hot N Juicy Sauce to dip with) but we told them it was no big deal. We couldn't spend any more time peeling shrimp anyway!

-I used lemons in my water and later noticed little flies in my water... so that was disturbing.

The grand opening isn't for a few weeks, so I understand that there are issues. 
I will definitely be going back then and writing another review!
I often visit Hot N Juicy when I am in Vegas. I was ecstatic to see that they opened a location right by my school! so I came here with a bunch of my friends, about ten of us.

The restaurant wasn't too packed but had a decent amount of people. 

So the french fries came out in about fifteen minutes after ordering.. We all patiently waited for our crawfish/fish/lobster.. but it never came out minutes after the fries..):

It took about a range of an hour and half for our big orders.. Not only did we wait that long, everything came out in the wrong order. I got my shrimp way before my rice came out. Half my friends got their food and half of them didn't get it until thirty-fourty minutes later. Oh and they forgot about three of my friends orders, as a result, my friends had to reorder and wait even more! The manager apologized after seeing our annoyed faces and promised a "discount." Well she forgot to include our discount in our checks.. Oh and checks can't be split more than three ways so bring cash.. 

Anyway, the food was good but we all had a sour feeling because of all this mishaps. 


Yes, we did have a large table but this is very unacceptable and did not set a great impression. This review may change depending on my next visit. I hope front and kitchen service will be better.
So excited to hear HnJ opened a location in AZ! Of course we had to try it out! We've been to one in Vegas and it was good (sorry we still prefer BC, but we'll take what we can get in AZ). We've been going to Angry Crab in Mesa since it opened a few months ago to get our seafood fix but their crawfish are so tiny that it's just not worth it (however, their shrimp is fantastic though). 

Okay, back to the HnJ review. We waited over an hour for a party of 5 on FRIDAY NIGHT. Another party waiting for a table even went and got Jack in the Box to snack during their wait, hilarious! So be prepared for a long wait because the place is not very big, plus they haven't even had their grand opening yet. I'm sure it'll get even busier so just know it's going to be a while to get a table. 

Food was AWESOME! At our table we got crawfish, shrimp, clams, snow crab, corn, sausage, and fries. All of them HnJ style and a variety of mild, spicy, and extra spicy. Crawfish were nice and juicy as well as the shrimp. They don't serve headless shrimp so be aware if you aren't accustomed to shrimp with heads on them. Snow crab was decent but the clams were a disappointment. Definitely add sausage and corn though and you'll be wanting more. 

Service was pretty bad but we kept an open mind that they had just opened so I'm sure they're still working out the kinks and trying to keep up with the crowd. The table next to us (that was seated after us) was greeted, waited on, and ordered before anyone even came to take our drink order. When a server finally asked if we'd been helped we put in our drink order and food order altogether. It took forever to get our drinks and all of the food. The food came out staggered so not everyone in our party had their food at the same time. The clams took forever to come out and we had to ask the server about them 5-6 times. Finally we were done eating everything else and I decided to just cancel the clams because we were ready to go... Well that's when the clams magically appeared. The clams were definitely not worth the wait. 

Overall it was really tasty and we'll be back for sure. Hopefully the service will be more on point next time. Just make sure you don't have any other plans because it'll take a long time! Oh and it's really loud in there and mostly Asian diners. 

Timeline: 
7:05pm - Put in our name for table of 5, was told it'd be about 30-35min wait. (We walked over to Slickables for pre-dinner dessert to kill some time)
8:30pm - Seated at a table 
10:05pm - Paid the check (we didn't sit around chatting or anything either, we pretty much ate and paid. It's because service was so slow and the clams took forever).
Its great that there's finally a Hot n Juicy here. We came on a Saturday before the lines hit. Service was good, food took forever! However they did just open an the cooks are getting familiar. I will probably re-rate this in a month but for now I don't think waiting 1 1/2hrs for 2 Dungeness crabs is acceptable. Even if your an inexperience cook! The sauce was a little different from the Hot n Juicy's we go to when we are in Vegas, 
At the end they did take care of us ( Thank you Nickyjo! ) and apologized a lot. And because of that we will definitely try again in a month.  Overall food was fresh and good.
All I have to say is: It's about...damnnn time! My friends and I always, always make a stop here when we visit Las Vegas.  But to finally open here is pretty much a dream come true.  

They are the best in the business of crawfish and other cajun style seafood.  I can finally say there's a great place in town I can take visitors to if they never had Cajun food or even a seafood boil for that matter.

Let's start off by talking about their crawfish! They are consistently fresh.  They pretty much perfected their secret recipe to a science.  The temperature and sauce is spot on.  I love my seafood HOT and SAUCY.  The garlic and Cajun spices truly pack a punch.  

If you are new to this, I highly suggest starting off with the crawfish since that is what they are known for.  If you just hate digging your nails into hard shells, then shrimp might be your next best option.  The beauty of eating this type of seafood is to taste the freshness from the sea.

I always, almost order 2lbs worth of crawfish.  Why? You get free corn, potato, and sausages fused with heavenly Cajun flavors. 

 A trick I love doing is to order a side of rice and making a poor man style gumbo.  As you are peeling your seafood, take the juices, like guts or brains from your seafood and dump it into you rice and let it build.  At the end, tear up some sausages and pour in your left over Cajun juice from your boil onto the rice.  Voila! Enjoy!

Since they just recently opened, now is probably a good time to get your crawfish fix before the word is out.  There is a bit of wait during dinner time.  First come first serve.  Don't worry its worth the wait.  I hope they will open more around the valley.  I will probably eat here atleast once a month.
I was finally able to visit this place after all of my friends have been talking about the location in Vegas. This was my first time and it was pretty good. We ordered a pound of the king crab legs, pound of crawfish and half a pound of shrimp. My bf love the crab and crawfish and the shrimp was cooked to perfection. I got the Hot N Juicy sauce with my shrimp and it was okay, nothing too special but I enjoyed it. We also ordered a side of cajun and sweet potato frieds. OMG, so good! The place was clean and the service was good. It was a little bit of a long wait for the food but I was with family so it didn't matter. They even gave us complimentary calenders for HnJ. Really nice! I will come here again but because I live in Chandler it won't be as often and the parking sucks but that is understandable because it is on Mill Ave.
When I first heard that the place was opening in AZ, I wasnt as excited as my fellow foodies since the Vegas location was not so impressive. 

However, that all changed after I took my first bite into their "Hot and Juicy" seasoned seafood. I shared a lb of clams, sausage, shrimp, and corn. This place is DEFINITELY better than the Vegas location and will happily refer anyone here. 

After all is said and done, I still have to give a 3. I hate to give 3 stars if the food was perfect but you must understand that service is just as important as the food itself. We were told that it was a 30 minute wait but it turned out to be a 2 hour wait. I dont mind the waiting but setting realistic time frames are important. 

Another issue we had was getting the incorrect order... 3 times... each 15 minutes apart... all 3 times with 3 different servers. With the 30+ staff members on board that night, it might be a good idea to designate servers to specific areas so we dont have to repeat our order so many times... Felt like a bad game of telephone and was surprised that we werent served a purple monkey dishwasher. 

I can tell the servers were just as frustrated and without direction when someone dumped sprite into my water cup. I politely told her I didnt want sprite in my water cup but she smiled and walked off. 

Although I dont plan on eating here anytime soon, thats not to say that I wont call in for carry out. I will give them a few more months to work out the kinks before I go again but great job for getting the flavor right the first time around and beating out your Vegas counterparts
Service improved greatly! Kitchen also kept up with our table and the food came out at a decent pace/time. FOOD WAS FRESH AND WAS GOOD.
This will definitely be my go-to alternative for Cajun seafood until time permits me to make a trip out to Cali for Boiling Crab. There IS a distinct difference between BC's and HJ's sauce - BC's is more buttery and garlicky which I like (but I just love butter and garlic in general).  HJ is definitely less greasy and I can tell there are some big differences in the spice/seasonings they use.  

The overall flavor was pretty good, as I killed a whole lb of shrimp in the 'Hot N Juicy' Medium sauce by myself and wanted more, still. The shrimp were big and succulent.  The clams were not so hot... I felt like we paid for all shell and no meat, and what meat there was at the bottom of the bag were very small and unappetizing.  Of the two lbs of clams I ordered, the second which was supposed to be a garlic butter seasoning finally came out after 3 different servers asked if I had gotten my order yet and if it's correct. And when it finally came, it looked and tasted exactly the same as the traditional 'Hot n Juicy' seasoning, not garlic-butter.

The service was not so hot either, but I understand they are still going through their soft opening and their servers probably didn't expect all of Arizona's Asian population to show up at the door, and some.  With that being said, I was pretty annoyed at the 9 different servers we had.  Though most were nice and polite, we only really needed 1 server.  They should work on re-organizing table assignments.....

Overall, I would definitely come back, in hopes that they are better organized and that they have non-anorexic clams.
Glad I didn't have to drive to cali or Vegas for some hand dirty crawfishes. Love the head on shrimps and their spicy Cajun fries. However some crawfishes were not as fresh
Great spot for peel-n-eat seafood. Be sure to get their classic "Hot n Juicy" seasoning! It's messy but a blast with friends! 

Pros: Great cajun (rare in AZ), fresh seafood, not too crowded

Cons: Blarring rap music makes it feel like a club (said they couldn't change the volume)
When our friend posted a pic on instagram, we thought he was in Vegas.  Read the comments and was excited to see that the location was in Phoenix!  After reading that, my wife and I looked at each other and said "LET'S GO!!"

We went a couple of days after they did their soft opening.  It was nice to see that there was no lines to wait in since we know it won't be like that for long.  The staff had high energy and very welcoming.  The service was on point with regular check ups and water refills. 

The food was delicious like always.  We (party of 3) ordered  2 lbs of shrimp, garlic butter, mild (spicier that usual) with bowls of rice.  My wife and I usually share 1 lbs of shrimp and we leave full.  I'm looking forward to trying new item on the menu now that we have a location here.
Came here twice and both experiences were not so good. 

First time trying it out, our order we continuously being messed up.  Second time, our rice was not throughly cooked.  

Customer service is not the best, there ate a few workers who actually know how to be genuinely kind.  They are also quite forgetful, so get there attention if what you asked for has not been brought out in 10 minutes!!  

I gave three stars due to the shrimp I had that was "okay," and the bathrooms are nice.
Love the food, hate the service.

Today was my second time coming here, the first time was over the weekend at night and it was bad.  Orders were messed up left and right.  I was dying to give it a second chance.  

The shrimp came in a timely manner along with the rice.   I went for the rice and it was hard, like uncooked.  I'm usually understanding but.... ANYONE scooping that rice from the cooker to the container must've struggled enough to realize this should not have been served.  I called the server over and they took it back.  She came back and said that something was wrong with the rice cooker and that it may take 15 minutes for the next batch to come out.  I didn't really have a choice.

Then some lady came and offered us hawaiian rolls.  Keep in mind that while waiting for that, we did not touch the shrimp.  We're asians so rice is really important, lol.  15 minutes passed = no rice and no rolls.  I was starting to get irritated and I was hungry so we just ate again, without any of what was promised.

What you'll notice about the servers:
1) They hover by the kitchen... trying to avoid or delay the bad news they have to deliver

2) They'll ask how you're doing but very few genuinely care

3) They'll say they'll check on it and will only remember to tell you their findings WHEN you call them over again.  Aren't you supposed to return from your mission?  Lol.

The rolls finally came - only three by the way for two people (which was supposed to make up for the uncooked rice we both bit into??  And have been missing since??). This was on the house so that was generous *sarcasm*.  Rice was 1.99 each and we ordered two.  That's $4.  Rolls are $1.75 for three.  Whatever.  They were just like the kind you buy at the store, except warmed up.  I don't know why it took that long.

By the time we were told the rice was on its way, we already finished the shrimp.  So the rice would have been useless.

IMO:  Food is good.  Customer service sucks.
Been to: Boiling crab in OC
Kickin crab in OC
Angry crab in Mesa

I'll compare this to Angry crab because let's be honest we really can't compare food from Az to Cali. 
Seasoning: in comparison to Angry Crab, it has more of a Cajun flavor. Less butter and garlic. 
Spice level: it's ONE step higher in spicy level. For example: angry crabs 5 is a 4 at hot and spicy. 
Sides-
Sausage: angry crab = 4 large pieces for 75CENTS!! (Steal) 
Hot and spicy = 6 small pieces for $2.75!! (Def not worth it) 

Crawfish- 
Angry crab: small
Hot and spicy: prob double the size and juicier. (Def worth it) 

Shrimp- 
Same size. 

Service- 
I understand Hot and Spicy has been open for less than a month and they're still working out their kinks... But there's no reason every single employee needs to rotate every 5 minutes to ask if everything is okay. 
Never asked us if we wanted lemons/limes and salt/pepper like most other places. Didn't offer to place the bibs on like other places as well (not that I need it but hey, it's a nice gesture) :) 

I'm giving it 3 stars and hope to give it more once they figure out the kinks. Will def come back because the flavor is there. A bit pricier than most, but still worth going.
My friend got a bad batch of oysters and became ill about 20 min after eating them. the service was really disorganized but I understand they're still new and getting new servers trained but we had several servers come try to explain the menu and multiple people constantly stopping by to ask if everything was ok. it got a little annoying but whatever. my friend didn't get sausage in her bag and one of the servers acted as if we were lying about it saying "I saw sausage in your bag, it's in there, let me check again". sir... I'm looking in the effing bag and there is no freakin sausage. I ordered a pound of mussels and they were tiny! but their Cajun fries were pretty bomb, crispy and really well seasoned and the seasoning was spicy and had a nice kick! overall, nice place but I prefer Angry Crab in Mesa.
Finally HnJ in AZ, the food was good like always, the shrimp is bigger as well as the crawfish! But what really sets this place apart from the rest is the SAUCE (hot n juicy special); its really good.

The place is cozy and clean...forget about the horrible parking (you'll need to walk a lil bit after dining here anyway  )
I LOVE HNJ as I always have since the original location in Las Vegas many years ago. I came here with my fiance for the "soft" grand opening while visiting this dessert state as I call it. LOL. And I still prefer HNJ over BC.  Glad to see them expanding to other states, so others can experience the great taste of seafood. OH, and make sure to say hello to my favorite person who works there, Jesse Sanders!  Give him a big hug for me! ^^  This guy works his butt off! 
 
Though, I am always skeptical of new locations because sometimes the flavors are not consistent as what I remember from the original spot.  They were pretty spot on for the most part.  It all comes down to the sauces.   All their sauces are really really good. By far, I like it much better than Boiling Crab (too buttery if you ask me) .....:/   But,  I felt the extra spicy HnJ sauce could be an little spicier.(hint hint ;))  The medium HnJ that I usually get was very good, and garlicky.  

Food: What did we eat?...We had the king crab legs of course as it is my favorite, shrimp, and clams with the HnJ medium, and crawfish etouffee.  Very good and well cooked and seasoned.  This stew of yuminess and butteriness of a lot of crawfish and veggies over white rice is soooooo good!   Also, the raw oysters on the half shell were deliciously sweet and fresh! :) 

Service: OK, so here is where I have to admit they do need some brushing up on.  Understand that opening up a new joint and mind you, this place gets PACKED and I am sure the servers had no idea of the kind madness this restaurant can bring, b/c of its POPULARITY, so give them a break if they messed up on your order. I do think they need to organize better on who is serving who and assign them to sections of the restaurant, so they know what designated area they are to service, and have them memorize tables and such. Only 1 or at most 2 servers should be assigned to a table, instead of having random servers b/c everyone gets confused. I am a high believer in service, as I am in the service industry myself, in other ways and customers should be a little more understanding on newbees b/c this place causes extremely HIGH traffic for a good reason-for the damn FOOD!  Service will definitely follow in place as time passes, and for those of you who bashed them on the food, let's be real...these guys are still in training and getting to know the product more and more each and every day.  Obviously, they are doing something right..b/c YOU are eating here, have already ate here, have thought of eating here, wish you were eating here, and wanting to eat here. So EFF the reviews and see for yourself why this company is EXPANDING. :) Yummy!!!

Definitely, one of my favorite grub and grind kinda place.  Love how they give you a bib to wear and they have gloves if you need. But, we always bring our own surgical gloves because they fit better on my tiny fingers. Xp
And do not wear your finest threads as you may get sauce spashes on you and stink like garlic.  I don't even bring in my purse for that matter.  Otherwise, enjoy the silence while I grub.
Better than the Vegas location! Servers are very friendly and they all help each other out
I came back the 2nd time craving for some shrimps and I didn't get any!!! Horrible horrible service. I ordered one pound shrimp along with crawfishes. The crawfishes came out but not the shrimps. Our server seem to be avoiding eye contacts. I told her the shrimp never came, she said they back up in the kitchen, alright then. Then I notice they bring out shrimps for this couple that show up after us. I asked three servers and they all said they'll check on it, yet avoiding my eyes when am waiting for them to come back. We done with our crawfishes and still no shrimps!! The check came out and I told the girl I still have not get my shrimp, she can cancel it, her response was "ill see what I can do". Came back and says that she was able to remove it from the check, well shit! Of course  am not paying for something I didn't get! As if it was trouble to ask her to not charge me. One more things, they decide to pull out a bin of trashes and instead of going thru the front door, they made my friend get off from her seat so they can pull the bin across, how rude!!!
was told wait for 20 mins for to go , but finally it took 50mins to be ready....tastes fine.
Came in on a Monday afternoon,  no wait and almost empty restaurant.  Yesss. Good came out quickly and was sooo good. Great place to get down and dirty with your family.
This place is right there off of Mill Ave. Let me say....If it lasts 1 year....wow. This place sucked. The service was lame....for example....The manager talking on some stupid headset to her employee who was 10 feet away. 

All I had was calamari, it was flat out gross. Lots of fried stuff except for crawfish. I dunno.....As of today I have no plan on ever returning.....

Sad.....I wanted a nice seafood type place in that area....lunch at PF Changs can be crazy sometimes.
I've been searching for a good crawfish place for a year now. I'm from California and I absolutely LOVE the BOILING CRAB!!!! It's even difficult to find a place here in az as good as that one. Based on the reviews I saw I tried this place. It took forever for my grandmother fried catfish to get to the table about 20 mins after my crawfish did. The seasoning was watery( I like my seasoning thick) lol. It was ok. Idk if I'd recommend it for those who enjoy the boiling crab.
The crawfish here lives up to the hype!  The waitress warned us that their spice level is one level hotter than other places.  I don't know if I'd agree with that.  I ordered the medium spice level (which I usually order at other places) and it was about as hot as expected.  Definitely not too hot.  What I really liked about their crawfish was that they were HUGE.  the crawfish were so big that we even decided to crack open their claws bc there was actually meat in there too.

What did not meet my expectations was the oysters.  We ordered a half dozen of the raw oysters and they just weren't tasty.  The flavor was weak and tasted watered down for some reason.  The only way to salvage the oysters was to pile on horseradish and cocktail sauce, which was a shame.  I usually love to eat oysters raw with nothing else to take away from the great oyster flavor.

I also tried a pound of the green mussels.  They were good, but not great.  I was disappointed that in my bag of about 15 mussels there were 4 empty shells.  Also they were slightly overcooked and ended up being a bit more rubbery than I would have liked.

Overall, I would still come here again, but I'd stick to the crawfish!
This place is amazing! Prepare to get messy (don't worry they will give you a bib and gloves)!  The food was awesome and cooked to perfection! I was shocked at the size of the shrimp! 

Thank you for taking care of us, Jesse! Can't wait to go back!
First off, food is good.  Table of 5, we all ordered an assortment of crawfish, crab, mussels, and shrimp.  The shrimp here are probably the best you'll have in Az.  Seasoned well, great flavor.  Also, all pint beers are $3 (even for 4 Peaks beers!)

Why only 2 stars?  To say the service was disorganized is a compliment.  First off, when we were sat we told them we would have a party of 5.  The two of us who arrived first were led to a table and were asked if it was ok if they added a chair to the end of the small table we were led to. No, its not ok.  I don't want to be eating on top of each other.

Next, after our party arrived, we ordered some drinks.  Nothing was wrong other than we were asked by THREE other servers if we would like something to drink while our? waiter was getting us drinks.

Then, after looking at the menu, all crab, shrimp, mussels, etc. say "Market Price" for the price.  I get it, this is how most local seafood places work.  HOWEVER, the prices aren't posted anywhere in the restaurant.  When we asked one of the servers how we would go about finding this out, he said to just ask.  So you're telling me I need to ask the price of the 15+ items that say market price? What?  A chalkboard would be fine!  The Salt Cellar and Angry Crab seem to be able to handle this.

Also, god forbid you drink two drops out of your water because you will then be swarmed by three kids with water pitchers.  I get it, the food is spicy, but if my water is more than half full it doesn't need to be refilled.

Then, our server told us he was leaving for the night.  Ok, fine.  But after he left, nobody came and told us who our new server would be.  We had to ask.  Of course the first kid didn't divide up the check like we asked.

Let me be clear.  I'm not blaming the servers.  They are on a captain-less ship.  I highly doubt they were trained at all.  A manager is on duty, but what is he doing?  I won't return or recommend.
This place is fantastic! The food was delicious and I thought the service was great.  Yes the servers rotate through but they are on top of everything.  They initially screwed up our order of crab but they felt so badly they discounted our bill.  I would go back in a heart beat.  I thought the crawfish and crab was delicious.  Highly recommend!
Pretty awesome spot for crawfish, shrimp and sausage.  As other reviewers have suggested, you are going to get dirty, as will your sleeves if you're wearing a long sleeve shirt.  The crawfish at this place are huge.  I got a couple pounds of crawfish with half pound of sausage added in- that was just the right amount of food. I ordered it medium hot with the hot n juicy sauce (would like to try the Louisiana seasoning another time).  It wasn't overpoweringly hot and the corn/sausage helped cool it off.  I would put it between 2-3, closer to 2.  I also ate a few of my buddy's shrimp cooked in the same sauce.  Honestly they were kind of bland after peeling them, so I just ended up dipping them in the crawfish sauce which helped a lot with flavor. We sat at the bar and got great service from Jasmine.  Highly recommended if you love crawfish and don't mind getting dirty!
The service was rocky at first, because our initial server was leaving after we were seated. It took a while for someone else to finally come, but we finally got Tiffany and she was was great! Can't go wrong with garlic butter shrimp and crab! Keep in mind they just opened, so they have to work out all the kinks! We'll be back!
Came here before the grand opening and everything was great! I think Greg was our server and he did a fabulous job. (The receipt had the wrong server name) My boyfriend had crawfish and I had fried shrimp. We shared corn fritters and cajun fries. You could taste how fresh the seafood was. We will be back!
I've been here a few times for the soft opening and it was really good. Staff was nice and courteous and the atmosphere had that vibe like I was in Vegas. So, this past weekend a group of us attended their grand opening. They had this buy one get one with their crawfish so I'd figured, you can't go wrong with that. Spoke too soon.

The other times have been great, food was on point, but the grand opening, it was lacking. Sauce for the crawfish I ordered was very watery, not thick as it was before. On top of that, my friend was waiting on his free crawfish for like an hour. They kept telling us it should be coming out, but never did. 

So, then it was the very next day group of us decided to eat here again and this time, it was on point. My pound of crawfish came out really good!! I mean for the most part it has been consistent. I'm going to always come here when I get that craving for it because it is still better than driving to Cali for Vegas for it. Overall, food has been good and staff has always been helpful and courteous. So, if you have a bad experience one time, give it just another try. 

Side note: The fried fish and soft shell crab basket has been great every time I've ordered it or when my friends ordered it, lol.
As a long time fan of Boiling Crab and Kickin' Crab in Northern California I was very excited to try Hot N Juicy Crawfish here at the AZ location!

After my party was seated, orders were made. I, of course, wanted to try their crawfish in the Hot N Juicy style (their signature sauce), Medium, 2 pounds of it since it comes with corn and potatoes.

Lemons, salt and pepper was provided along with bibs and gloves, the latter if needed (but where's the fun in that?) The crawfish came out and looked very generous for two pounds. Yummy sauce, I would say very similar to Boiling Crab but sweeter, more buttery and the spiciness was just right. The crawfish were good in size, not too many dead ones, but I could tell were frozen by the texture and flavor of their tail meat. The potatoes and corn were good dipped in the sauce however. I tried some shrimp which tasted fresh in the Garlic Butter sauce which was good and the calamari was kind of lack luster.

The service is a bit strange, they do attempt to refill waters almost every 2 minutes and each order comes out one at a time which is awkward for large groups. What do I do with this large bag of food while everyone else is waiting on theirs? Of course, wait ... but still it's awkward.

Same pricing as back home, but definitely isn't a crawfish place that can hold a candle to any of the previously stated two.
Here's a tip: While perusing the menu, order a side-sized sausage or 1/2 lb. shrimp with the sauce and heat you think you'll like to try it out. That's what we did, getting the medium-hot Hot 'n Juicy. The sausage was very good and the sauce spot-on what we wanted. Then we ordered crawfish, shrimp, a soft-shell crab basket, a catfish basket, and a side of corn fritters. The crawfish and shrimp were fun--you dump them sauce-and-all on the table and have at it--but what I'll order again for sure are the baskets and corn fritters, which were all lightly battered and cooked to perfection, and the sausage. There's a nice selection of beers at $3 (happy hour, I presume), service was really good and friendly, music was loud but complemented the ambiance, and there's a parking garage within a short walk. (I forgot to ask if they validate parking, but I should have: parking was $8.)
Sooo pumped H N J is in AZ!  Same great food as Vegas! We loved the outdoor seating option'. Trent was awesome and made our dinner even better.  

HNJ medium shrimp is the way to go!
**Update 5/23**
We went back only 6 days later and you can tell the world has gotten out about this new location. It was a lot of people, and we were quoted a 30 minute wait, but we were seated much sooner than that. All the servers were hustling to get people seated, fed, and tables cleaned. They were all still polite, even though it was clearly packed wall to wall. I forgot our waitresses name, but she was from the Vegas location and she was great. We saw our server Tiffany from last week and see remember us! Good service and good food!
My husband and I went for the first time today!!!!!!!!!!!! I had the snow crab w/ Hot N Juicy Mild and my husband had the shrimp (huge shrimp), same sauce.....My o My were we in heaven!!!!!!!!!!!!!. The service was phenomenal and the food was even better. We are definitely returning .......
I will not be going back. Angry crab shack is by far & no question about it SO SO SO much better!!! The service and quality of food is below average. The server took forever to do anything, just to close out the check was over 20 minutes. The music was way to loud!! I couldn't even talk to my family members I had to yell. The ambiance was awful and not somewhere I would recommended to anyone. If you want awful service and bad heartburn because of the over seasoned low quality food then this is your place.
Finally another crawfish place in AZ! I've had boiling crab from Cali and angry crab in AZ so I was excited to try this place because I never had the chance to while in Vegas! It has pros and cons
Pros: the hot n juicy sauce is so good! The shrimp and black mussels are good as well! Only had a few mussels that were not opened which was good!
Cons: service - sometimes it's good, sometimes it's not. Having different servers help can be good and bad.. Nice for extra help when u don't see your waiter, but sometimes it's a nightmare to and takes forever to get the bill and pay.  Also location, it's nice it's in Tempe, but the locations is horrible and the space is SMALL . Parking is a nightmare as well. 

Overall I will go back again because it's all we have in Az.. But I will not go on a weekend or night! Only for lunch when it is not as busy and parking is a little easier..
I went twice in one week, so I figured it deserved a review.  I'll start by saying it is simple ordering. You can customize eats with different flavored spices as well as intensity level.  

I recommend shrimp or muscles for a first timer.  I enjoyed the shrimp with garlic butter flavor and baby spice level.  Don't let baby spice fool you it wAs pretty flavorful.  I couldn't even taste the garlic, however my husband could tell I had eaten it for the next few days.  The muscles I had were hot and juicy style again with baby spice and was pretty intense.  The corn that I ordered on the side was great.  

My second round that week I figured I was ready for crawfish.  I was pretty disappointed-I hardly got any meat out of them and especially for all the work that needed to be done.  That was my first time ever having crawfish so it's not like the selection was bad it's just more for the people who enjoy the tearing of the head and sucking the intense wonderful flavor that comes out of the little guys.  

If that's not your thing they have wings,fried calamari who my 10 year old loved, fried soft shell crab as well as catfish.  Every thing was really great however my daughter said the wings were really greasy.  

My family enjoyed the experience of eating with our hands getting messy and sharing all the different options.  Well for sure go back  soon.

Remember shrimp with garlic butter as well as clams with baby spice are really amazing and what I will be going back for!

Enjoy
Although Hot N Juicy has been opened for a few weeks now, yesterday was their official grand opening!  Hearing that there's an amazing "buy 1lb of crawfish and get 1lb free," we decided to put off our visit until yesterday.  Being patrons of their Las Vegas location for years already, we were pretty excited to have our very own location here in Phoenix.  Too bad metered parking on Mill Ave sucks butt but oh well!

For their grand opening, there were balloons, a red carpet, a cheesy Hot N Juicy backdrop, and people giving away swanky Corona Extra t-shirts and necklaces.  We arrived exactly at noon and was told there was a 30min wait that ended up being an hour wait.  Oh well!  We got to stand around inside enjoying some sparkling cider, A/C, and being photographed by this sweet gentleman.  After being seated, everything just flew by!  We each ordered 2lbs of crawfish [Hot N Juicy seasoning, medium spice] with an extra pound free and 1lb of shrimp [Lemon Pepper, medium spice].  I never felt so full after eating 2lbs of crawfish in my life!  I barely even touch the shrimp and it had to be taken togo with my extra pound of crawfish.  

The Hot N Juicy seasoning has always been my go-to even after all these years of going to Hot N Juicy.  It's the perfect combination of spices, garlic chunks, and herbs.  I like being able to see it coating my crawfishes.  Lemon Pepper is my second favorite because it's a bright sauce with a nice bite of black pepper.  This stuff coats the shrimp well too.

I'm not sure if it's the gratification of not having to drive five-hours to get to Vegas but the crawfish seemed to be even better in this Arizona location.  The service was great, the wait staff and managers were really friendly and checked-up on our table frequently despite how busy it was, and we even got to see the owner!  It was like being on Man v. Food!

I will DEFINITELY be back again.  No more having to drive to Las Vegas for crawfish.  Cheers!
Great crawfish, best in Phoenix! Great service too, felt welcome as soon as we entered. Ashley (waitress) was amazing! Will definitely be going back!!
Solid, but could have been better. Service was great, and their hot n juicy sauce is quite possibly better than angry crab, but there were issues. While the wings were hot and crispy, they won't put sauce on them, and make you pay for a side of sauce. The shrimp I had were inconsistent. Some were very mushy and some had large veins of shrimp poo in them. While the service and sauce were excellent, overall I still feel angry crab is superior.
I personally did not like their "signature" sauce which is their hot n juicy, ummm yuck, it was alright if you have nothing to compare it to but I did and seriously if you're craving this style of food, go to Angry Crab Shack in mesa and get the trifecta sauce, now THAT'S amazing! On top of the sauce being just alright, I asked for mild and it was way too spicy to be considered mild, like nose leaking, mouth on fire, had to wipe off the sauce from crab legs spicy, and I grew up in Asia eating spicy foods so I'm not a whimp. What a waste of 2 lbs of crab legs and $40. Ugh needless to say I'll never get food from here again, I'm willing to make the extra miles to go to mesa to get the real deal!
Overall,  good experience.  We went there on Saturday around 1 pm and the hostess told us eta wait time of 15 minutes. The place was full and there was only one other party waiting before us.  We waited for about 20 minutes and our table was ready. I've been to boiling crab in cali several times,  so I was familiar with the drill but my party wasn't.  Our server Jazzmin right away asked us if this was our first time and kindly explained the drill and thoroughly went over each item on the menu and how much we should order.  We ordered half dozen oysters,  assorted shrimp (half lb Louisiana spicy,  pound hot and juicy mild,  and lemon pepper baby spice), corn,  and a catfish basket in case my girl doesn't like the spices on shrimp.  I'm not a huge fan of crawfish, so we skipped that.  When I visit my family in cali,  we always go to boiling crab and one of my favorite things is to order raw oysters as an appetizer before I start devouring my shrimp, so naturally I was looking forward to getting my Oyster first. I even asked the server if they could bring out the oysters before anything else and after she went to check with the kitchen and told us that it couldn't be done. I could've sworn oysters were on appetizer menu.... Anyway,  The first thing they brought out was the lemon pepper shrimp.  My daughter who can't eat spicy seasoning started digging in. Shortly after,  they started  bringing out other shrimp but still no oysters.  I asked the server if we could have our oysters asap as we ordered them for appetizer and she said she'd go check with the kitchen. She came back and told us oysters were still not ready.  By the time we were almost done with our shrimp,  they brought out the catfish basket.  The fish was hot, fresh,  and juicy and the side of sweet potato fries were also fresh.  My girl really like the lemon pepper shrimp,  so we ordered another pound and it came out reasonably quickly.  We were getting too full to finish the extra order of shrimp,  so we asked for a box.  By the time our server brought the box,  we were totally stuffed.  By this time, STILL no oysters.  It's not like our server forgot to put in my order,  she kept on checking with the kitchen every 5 minutes and I don't even know what the hold up was.  We ended up canceling our oysters but of course by the time another server brought our check,  we were still charged for the oysters. So additional 10 minutes or so spent unnecessarily to have the oysters taken out of my check.  

Anyway overall everyone in my party was satisfied with the flavor and the amount of food ordered. I was bummed out about not getting my oysters and that's why I give 4 stars but by the time we were done,  I was so satisfactorily full,  it didn't bother me that much that I didn't get my appetizer.

People started pouring in by the time we were leaving  (around 2:30 pm on Saturday) so I think we made it just in time.  Shrimp was plump, seasoning was flavorful (except the Louisiana one.  I mean it was ok but wasn't the best), plenty of drink refill,  our server Jazzmin was attentive,  friendly,  fast,  and knowledgeable,  so overall,  a good experience for us.
Been to Hot and juicy a couple of times. Service is very good they always make sure you are having and good experience.  Each time I have the Catfish basket and A pound of shrimp and its been great each time. Love this location and I think Tiffany gives the service in the whole place.
Hot N Juicy is a really cool idea.  I love that there are no plates, silverware, or f*cks given.  You order the seafood you want, the sauce on it, and the spice level.  They bring it to you in a bag and each table gets its own roll of paper towels.  You just dig into the bag, eat your food, and toss the leftover shells on the table, again very cool and fun.  However, the sauce I got, Hot N Juicy flavor, was EXTREMELY salty.  Think Ramen Noodle flavor packet salt....  And I got Spicy, and it was barely spicy.  Had the crawfish, mussels, lobster, and crab.  All the seafood was very good.  Wait staff was hit or miss, they did not come around much.  Also they are just starting a full bar, so if you have a margarita, and it tastes good, you're welcome I told the bartender what to do different.  Atmosphere was all over the place.  The music is loud and all over the place, not that it's a bad thing.  Also there was no soap left in the bathroom...  After getting my hands completely covered in sauce basically up to my elbows, I was hoping for some soap to help clean off.  Anyway, I would saw give it a go because their seafood was tasty,  but just be weary of the sauces.
I'm becoming a regular here, lol. There was a lot of people for Saturday night and I expected it. So, me and my friend went to the bar across the street (Zipps) for a few beers. I think they told us the wait was 45 min. to an hour so we thought we came back in time, but we didn't and our spot got taken. It wasn't a big deal because 5 min. later we got seated. 

Ordered the usual crawfish, hot n juicy mix/spicy and then also got the half pound shrimp with the same seasoning mix with a side of rice. Everything tasted very good!!  Also, our server was Tiffany and she was awesome! Her customer service was very exceptional and wouldn't mind having her as my server next time I eat here!
I had 2 lbs of clams, 2 lbs of shrimps, 2 lbs of crawfish, 1/2 dozen of oysters, a dozen of sausages, 4 sodas, and a sweet potato fries. The bill was about $100. The food was good, meter parking sure was not worth the trouble. I had garlic butter seasoning and I thought they were a tad salty. Oysters were fresh and yummy! The sausages were definitely very salty. The service was ok. There were only 2 tables when we got there, around 4 pm. The whole time we were there, there were 4 tables with customers. Nobody bother to come by to ask how did we like the food or refill our drinks or if we needed anything else. They never brought gloves over when we asked for them. Such a bummer!
I'm not a huge crawfish person but this place is good.  I got the 1 pound of shrimp and that's seriously enough for one person because I couldn't finish it.  The service was good I was just confused to why their trash cans are located right outside of their entry way.  I think that's pretty gross considering they having people sitting outside and walking in.  I understand you have to dispose of everything for the guests seated out on the patio but don't place it directly in the front where everyone can see it.  Also, the beer on tap was warm which is not too pleasant so hopefully they figure it out soon since they only have been open for a few months.  Other than that, the food was bomb. Greg is a dope server.  He's personable, polite and has a positive attitude which I value in a business.  I'll be back again!
They charged us more than market listed price by a few dollars food was average tasted like everything had too much celery salt on it ... Not a good experience ... I would rather eat at angry crab any day way better food and this place only gives you one wet nap for real lets not be cheap now ..
Did not expect to like this place.  No plates or silverware, everything covered in plastic, bib on the table, offered plastic gloves to wear to eat dinner.  The whole concept just seemed off putting.  

I was wrong.

It was great!  I enjoyed every messy bit. 

We had clams, crab, shrimp, potatoes and corn all served to our table in plastic bags fresh out of the boil.  

The service was excellent as they made us feel like we were their only customers.  

The only downside is that parking on Mill is a challenge so we parked in one of the pay garages and it cost $8.
The crawfish wasn't very fresh.  Half of the crawfish in both of my orders were very mushy as if they were previously frozen or precooked the previous day or something.  The sauce in both orders were too sweet, lacking the Cajun flavor that I'm used to eating.  Our waiter recommended the Cajun calamari, but when it came out, there was no Cajun spice added to the dish at all. We informed our waiter that perhaps he placed the wrong order and he told us he would check with the kitchen staff.  We never saw him after that, and we were still charged for the dish.  Overall, I feel that the crawfish was not up to standard, and the staff didn't seem to care.  I'm not sure why the Food Network featured this restaurant.
This place is VERY good. I went there for the very first time today and overall I had a great experience. The staff was super friendly, the food was actually very good, when I was on the website to see what they had it did not seem appealing; but the food said it all. It was interesting the fact that the food comes in a bag but there is a reason why that is; the food is super messy ! But VERY GOOD!  

The only complaint I have about this is the fact that they open up at 12:00pm which I wish they open up earlier for lunch.

Overall, if you have not been here, you must go !
This place is delicious!! The only regret I have is I should have gotten the hot instead of medium. The service was excellent and a great location! Can't wait to go back.
Great food but terrible parking. I called in a To-go order and spent 20minutes circling attempting to find parking. I love the food and will go back but if you think you're going to quickly get in and out you might be disappointed.
Don't head over for an early business lunch since they don't open till noon. Here is a hint for a restaurant owner in Arizona. It's hot outside. We start work early. We eat lunch early. You are losing a lot of business if you don't open by 11. 11:30 at the latest.
Been there 4 times already and Hot n Juicy has not disappoint our family!!!! Awesome service by Myra and Trent and great seafood. We will definitely be back. Great job !!!'
I like the place but since it's still new the service still needs work.  Always ordering at least 2 lb crawfish and mussel (green) fries are always good.  I tried the etoufee was cold.  So that wasn't good.. But slightly satisfying the cravings
(Lyrics - Katy Perry - Hot N Cold)

You serve your food
In a bag, while it's warm
Yeah your, crawfish spice (stings!)
Like a bitch, I would know

And I over think
Always order the dungeness
I should know
That you're so good for me.....

Cause you're HotNJuicy
I'm Yum then I'm Ohh
I'm in then I'm out
I'm up then I'm down

A well respected establishment that has a reputation from Vegas to LA and now PHX!

I came with a couple of my gal pals since one of us attended Angry Crab about a month ago and was delighted. We ordered pretty much the simple things, 1lb of crawfish with the Hot N Juicy sauce at medium, oysters, dungeness crab, and some wings and cajun fries.

First off, I went for the oyster; definitely not the freshest, but hey we live in a desert! Then the crawfish; much larger than I'm used to so kudos on that.  The sauce is what makes the crawfish boil here.  I thought it grainy and thick and probably could be a little more watery.  The wings, well I had better else where since they were quite soggy. The cajun fries were good and crunchy and finally based on my friends take, the dungeness crab was pretty good. I'd say the sauce was okay at best, but nothing too WOW!

In the end, I guess I don't get the rave about these crawfish eateries, but can appreciate them. My overall service was excellent. The ambiance was tacky as most crawfish joints, but I would recommend a hand cleaning station outside the restrooms. - Enjoy!
Food was excellent. Not as good as the Boiling Crab wholeshebang but seafood was just as fresh! I'd recommend it for all seafood lovers!
Hot N Juicy should be renamed Slow N Sorry!!!!

They can't remember orders, they make excuses for their incompetence and worst of all, they over cook the seafood, which makes it come out slowly. How do you forget bringing 2 lbs of Crawfish when that is the main thing you advertise in your name? 

They need to really re-think their business model and consider some professional leadership and server training.   Don't be surprised when you walk away disappointed, insulted and confused on why something so good can go so wrong.
I have been here 4 times always get the shrimp lemon pepper w/ Cajun fries which comes out great! Service is a hit and miss so don't be surprise on a busy night things are missing. Can't beat the Vegas location