We kept driving by Uncorked and curiosity finally got the better of us so we decided to stop in. The bartenders and owner Ali (who is adorable) were really cool and the whole place is really laid back.  It was like a neighborhood bar except with wine instead. (But they do have some beers on tap.)  They have a great selection of flights and all of the wines contained within are available by the glass.  (The prices for the flights are quite reasonable.)  My husband always asks for suggestions from the servers (honestly, they know best!) and the male bartender was right on with his red wine suggestion. They are also so friendly that if you don't know what you want they will let you try a bunch of different wines to taste them first.  The best part was we were watching sports the whole time. I feel as if I could go there and ask them to put on the Sox or something and they happily would.   It really lives up to its name as the "unpretentious wine bar."

The food was good, but not outstanding.  The goat cheese and roasted red pepper flat bread was fantastic but the cheese plate paled in comparison to the cheese plate at Postino.  However, they let us linger and drink...and eat....and drink...and linger.  There are comfy couches, tables, and a patio to choose from.  

Uncorked is located in the Promenade in Scottsdale.  It's actually located within the office park portion and I would imagine gets busy on weekday nights.   They also host private parties if you are looking for a nice small space.
Really neat place to chill and get a drink. Sort of an odd location (as Kristin said, it's in the office park location of the Scottsdale Promenade - it's sort of tricky to find)....at the same time, the parking is really easy and accessible.

The interior is cozy and welcoming - there are couches, chairs, bar seats and tables. Honestly, it is just as easy to come here and hang out for 3 hours as it is to stop in for a quick glass of wine. We sat on the patio, which was really pleasant. The group of people out there at the same time as us were playing a game, which should give you an idea of the atmosphere. It truly is a relaxed, unpretentious and go-with-the-flow kind of place.

The bartender offered his choice for his favorite glass of white wine (a sauvignon blanc), and both of us truly enjoyed it. It was about the same as restaurant prices - $23 for 2 glasses of wine all in. Not too bad for a nice glass of wine and pleasant atmosphere.

We didn't eat or even peek at a menu for that matter, but I am sure we'll be back. They were also playing a baseball game when we were there, so it's a neat mix of wine bar and sports bar - minus the screaming fans in jerseys.
Had I not promised myself that I wasn't going to stay out late, and that I was going to spend a night at home for once I think I would have spent hours more here. I't's just too damn easy to. 

I will say that upon first arriving, I was a bit confused. Thanks to Kristin S. who had given me some good directions, I had figured out where it was but it's still in a different area. I didn't expect to find a cute wine bar tucked into a corporate office park. 

Stepping inside though felt like stepping into your best friend's house. The staff is very friendly and the decor is very comfortable. Apparently they have games here as well but I didn't check that out. 

As for wine and food, I was pleasantly surprised. As much as I love wine, there are times that it can be overwhelming at some places. It truly lives up to the unpretentious nature. It's well organized, the selection is good, and the staff are definitely helpful. I settled in with a glass of Malbec (I'm on this South American wine kick now). I got the crostini app which was okay, but wasn't great. I'd like to come back and try the flatbreads and sandwiches, so until then I'm reserving the fifth star.
Thankfully Kristin S. gave me directions on where Uncorked was because it is hidden...heck, if she hadn't told me where to go, I might still be trying to find it.  The decor is very nice and the seating is really comfy.  Our waitress was very friendly and helpful and after we were done eating and drinking, she didn't rush our group out which was nice.  However, I did feel that she could have come over a bit sooner to see if we wanted our bill, but perhaps I was just restless as I was starting to feel a cold coming on.

My Riesling flight was really good (OK, two of the three were really good) and it was reasonably priced.  I'm kinda glad I ate a late snack at work so that I wasn't super hungry because my cheese plate was just OK.  I ordered the white wine cheese plate, and two of the cheeses were good, but one of them (the name is escaping me currently) was disgusting. I love cheese so it makes me sad when I find a cheese I can't stomach.  I did appreciate the amount of bread, nuts and apples that came with the cheese.

Thankfully the company I was with made my trip to Uncorked well worth it.  I will definitely go back for a glass of wine or two, but not sure how eager I am to eat the food.
i had thought this was going to be great really!!  had this on my TO DO list 4ever.  Finally went, on a monday. Menu indicates "MONDAY MADNESS 1/2 glasses of wine". (see rvws below - monDAY - not for an hour or so). so i ended up ordering 3 glasses of wine - bill: all full price!! Was told only after 3:30. is it just me? A Happy Hr is usually 4-6 (or there-about) but monDAY is "DAY", as in during the DAY.  not a happy hr (or 2) special.  (rudely told: the web indicates this - {I never looked}, the inside blackboard says - {i was OUTside!} & inside the bill  folder- {umm, it was under a survey & AFTER my bill arrived???})

FLATbread was THICK, like reg. pizza, & had 1/2 cup of canned parm. cheese all over = can u say: dry, boring, mundane?

bread STICKS were huge, thick, doughy things  - my kids make ones from pillsbery dough which tasted same.  These were size of croissants, certainly not sticks - never seen any breadsticks that remotely resemble these in my life.  Should be called Pilsbery Dough Plate Special - i swear that's exactly what it was.

I seriously hate to provide a review like this, not to mention a confrontation which ensued when my bill arrived, but it was awful.  I could write many more upsetting details which occurred, but i won't - it would be petty.  Suffice to say I couldn't seriously think on going back.
(i should  point out that eventually i did recieve the 3 glasses at 1/2 off, but the bill did not reflect any break on the 'flatbread' not 'breadsticks')
This is my favorite wine bar around.  The wine selection is amazing and easy to navigate, even for a beginner.  There are just the perfect amount of choices.  Glasses and bottles are reasonably priced and they have great flights if you want to try out a few kinds.  They change it up enough that its never boring.  

The food is fantastic too.  Great things to share.  My faves include the savory cheesecake, sliders, and all the flat breads.  They have salads too, but i never get those because the other stuff is too good.  The desserts are delicious as well.  

The atmosphere is perfect!  Lights are dimmed just right, comfy seating, high top tables, bar or patio, its all just right.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  They have great specials mon-wed.  If you're in north scottsdale, you have to come here!
I really wanted to like Uncorked as it is close to where I live and work and it is very cute! However, with the exception of the owner Ali, the service is not good. 

I have visited Uncorked 2 times in less than a month and had less than acceptable service by the staff. The last time, the waitress was down right rude to my guest and although the waitress comped our wine, it didn't make up for her terrible attitude. 

I think if the staff turned over, that this could be a great little local spot, but until then, I'm not heading back.
Since the Phoenix area is better known for sunshine and golf than wine culture, I was trying to keep my expectations reasonable. They graciously gave us an extra slice of cheese on the appetizer plate, which we appreciated. However, despite my wish to support any wine-related business, I feel obligated to note a few things that were disappointing in a wine bar regardless of location--because as a former tasting room employee myself, my hope would be that all such hospitality establishments would be prepared to serve all types of customers, even if true cork dorks are rare in Scottsdale. 

The first was that the guy behind the bar didn't know the appellation of the German riesling that I ordered; he kindly brought the bottle out to show me (Rhienhessen, as it turned out, and the wine was excellent!), but then made the disconcertingly vague remark that "Well it's printed in German, but I just sorta know what a wine from Germany will taste like." For $18 a flight--comparable to, and even more expensive than some Bay Area wine bars I've visited--I'd hoped for some education on a wine region that I'm not an expert on, because the learning process is one of the things that makes wine so great as distinguished from other drinks. 

The second one, and this was perhaps more serious, was that the sauterne we had with the dessert flight was corked . . . or at least it had that very distinctive aroma of wet cardboard. Whether the staff member hadn't bothered to test the bottle himself, or didn't recognize the corked bottle, either way it was less than ideal.
So, just to provide an update one month later...

After writing my review of Uncorked, I was promptly contacted by Ali, the owner of the wine bar. As a good business owner would do, she politely inquired about what had happened and indicated that she wanted to rectify the situation so that I would return.

Within a week, I responded with a lengthy description of my two prior visits. Since then....crickets....nada...no response indicating that my concerns have unfortunately fallen on deaf ears.

As I said in my original review, I really wanted to like this little neighborhood wine bar, but clearly they just don't get the importance of customer service and word of mouth. Bummer....
Uncorked is a great place to be - its local, small and intimate, comfortable, and surprisingly "unpretentious" as it claims to be.  Ali is nice and a good owner - she remembered exactly what i was drinking the last time i was there and made further recommendations.  The prices arent too bad either at all, with flights for around 15 bucks.  The decor is adorable, a great atmosphere to enjoy a good glass of wine.

Unfortunately, there are a few setbacks about this place that forced me to go with 3 stars not 4.  First, the cheese platter was small, unimpressive, and overpriced majorly.  A little cup of almonds, hard store bought mini toast crackers, less than a handful of grapes, pears, and three measly slices of cheese is simply unsatisfying for 17 dollars.  On a good note, the salami is good but again small portioned. We also had the mushroom caps; they were good but the cheese was overpowering and greasy, and you couldnt even taste the crab!  

I will be going back, simply because I enjoy the intimate atmosphere with a good glass of wine so close to home.  I'll be skipping the food next time though and heading to Postino for a real cheese plate.
"So how did you find Uncorked?" 

This was the first question asked to me by Ali (the owner) as we sat down on a plush victorian sofa.

"My girl found it", I confidently said, as she gave a sweet smile to the two of us.

We were then presented with, dare to say it "cute" menus along with a wine list which she noted offered half off flights on Mondays, SCORE! 

I had a Sauvignon Blanc  flight which believe it or not, was probably one of the better Blanc selections I've ever come across for 7 bucks and change, impressive.

What lacked was the food, the cheese plate (which is your wine bar staple) had an astounding 17 dollar price tag that we fell for, what we got however wasn't a 17 dollar plate though, you don't serve mini toasts with exotic cheeses - that's just not right. 

Next up were the stuffed mushrooms with crab and what tasted like bleu cheese, again, good concept however the damn fromage was so strong one really couldn't taste what the idea was really meant to offer. 

To wrap it up I'll go back for sure but only for vino as like the claim states, it really is unpretentious, uncommon for Fakesdale.
Happened to walk by Uncorked last night, and decided to stop in for a glass of wine.  Man, I'm sure glad that I did.

A fantastic and unpretentious wine bar.  Decor is totally comforting.  Staff is so friendly. Has a great menu.  Has a great wine list.  What else is there to say?  

Thanks for the wonderful evening.  We've found our local!
Im always on the search here in AZ for a great wine bar..AND I feel bad for my friend who tried to impress me and lure me away from my norm.. (Postino & Kaz).. SO  I want to love it.. I just dont.(I didnt tell him that though...he came up with the end result on his own)... Decor is cute... wine flights are good..& decently priced... . food is blech... Staff is friendly and knowledgable.... 
Do I like its location?? No.. 
Nothing interested either my friend or I on the apps.. 
Keep searching??. guess so...
Solid wine bar, solid food, unpretentious as advertised and my wife and I need to get there a lot more often.   Even though we don't go as much as we should, we're always greeted by everyone as regulars.  Great Zinfandel selection and attractively priced.  They know what they're doing! ;)
It would be a real kindness if someone would come along and put Uncorked, "the unpretentious wine bar"  out of its misery. I think despondent would be a better word for it these days rather than unpretentious. It opened in the heyday of rising real estate values and hasn't changed a bit since. The prices are still high and the furnishings - untouched - are hitting a new low. But what has really bottomed out is the kitchen.

Four of us arrived for lunch at 12:30. The place was empty, and stayed so except for one other party of two. When we sat down, Ralph started to disappear under the table. The banquette had become unsprung. The laminate tabletop was peeling off in chunks. There was a sign on our table advertising summer specials. I'm wondering now why we stayed.

Ken and Ralph ordered the soup of the day ($ 5), which our waitress said was chicken and corn chowder. I asked for a pulled pork sandwich ($10) and mac & cheese($9), which I was going to share with Ken. Ralph also wanted the pulled pork, and Sandy ordered a chicken salad sandwich ($9). The sandwiches are served with a side of 5 grapes?!?!. A bag of chips cost an extra dollar. A side salad is an additional $2.50.
Sandy asked for a salad with a sesame dressing. The dressing that was served was an unidentifiable oil mixed with a touch of sesame oil - no vinegar or seasoning. It was awful. When she asked to exchange it for honey vinaigrette, she was served something orange flavored instead. The chowder contained no milk or cream. The bread on
Sandy's sandwich was inedibly stale. But the biggest gaffe of all was the pulled pork. Both sandwiches arrived at the table stone cold. Like just out of the refrigerator cold. The person in the kitchen, I wouldn't call him chef, couldn't even bring himself to put them in the microwave (which is a sin anyway). Ken, who is a bit of a conspiracy theorist, thinks that the kitchen staff is trying to sabotage the operation. Could be, except for letting a good mac & cheese slip out of the kitchen undetected, they're certainly succeeding.
A friend of mine had a coupon for Uncorked, so we decided to go there for some wine and dinner.  First, really hard to find but it was a nice setting.  Secondly, guests just sit and wait for the waitress to come around who was really nice, bartneder probably should have said hello or welcome when we entered but didn't .  We ordered flights, which I had the fizzy bubbley and loved it, the white flight was ok;  usually the waiter tells alitte bit more about the wines but didn't.  The food was good, can't really screw up macroni and cheese which really went well with the wines!  If you want a pretty quiet place to have wine and some food and good company it's nice...worth it? only maybe if you had a coupon,not really sure I would've spent $75 again..
I really want to give you more stars, because:

1. Ambiance. Such an inspiring interior of varied antique low coffee tables and crushed velvet ottomans and candles. Dim atmosphere with old music that screamed speakeasy.

2. Wine selection. I'm pregnant and underage, I know. But I'm pretty vino-savvy, and I was impressed. I relayed the menu to a [legal] friend who knows his wine, and he was impressed too. Wide variety of flights.

3. Friendly staff. Service with a smile, helpful on the cheese selection.

4. Food. So delicious.. the cheese tray satiated my craving and then some, served up with salame, grapes, apple slices, prosciutto, nuts, and crisp bread. I also had a Roaring 40s salad, served with smaller versions of the bread on the cheese tray but baked with bleu cheese. YUM. They also offer a Happy Hour where they serve smaller versions of their appetizers for $3.50. 

Two stars deducted for the very very very slow delivery of food and the faulty faucet in the ladies' restroom. Also, it's kind of hard to find in the complex.
My girlfriend and I were really happy with this place. Good food, good wine, good service all adds up to a great evening!
Im still giving the Uncorked... a 3. Starting on a positive note.. wine flights.. great idea.. always love flights.. samples of alcohol.. love that! Friendly joan on the spot service.. helpful about the menu selection and wines to pair.. Good happy hour. Can be slow.. I personally feel they need more staff during the happy hour.. because it got busy.. mostly the cougar set. Minus the trout set. Ambience is great.. bathroom.. eh.. not so much. Postino still numero uno to me.. Sorry Uncorked!
Great sliders especially when they're $5.99 for the Monday lunch special. Other food is good but not great. Service was friendly and attentive but slow.

I'm not a drinker so I can't comment on the wine.
This is a great little find for a wine bar. It's small and tucked away from the pretentious chain type bars so often found in AZ. They have an outside seating area and it occasionally has live music. The wait staff is down to earth and will do whatever they can to make you happy. 

The bottom line:  If your looking for a quiet little retreat to take a date or just hang out one night, than this is your spot!  It's a new favorite of mine!  

...oh yeah, they also have a really nice yet simple wine list!! LOL.
Just a nice little place to relax with a glass of wine.  Have not had the food.  Very casual, laid-back.
Uncorked is in a nice courtyard and allowed our yorkie on the patio-service was just right and the waitress even remember my emailing to see if Cricket was allowed!  Nice daily specials but the waitress did not mention them (found online later). Excellent selection of cheese platters, sandwiches, soups and salads. Fun wine selections including some excellent flights -we will go again one more time for lunch for sure. Beautiful shopping area also!
We stopped in here because my husband works just across the way and said he has always wanted to try it. We were heading to Art Walk so we wanted a little snack and a little happy hour drink to start our evening. The happy hour prices were very good and we enjoyed their Dauphinoise Flatbread. It was ok. It has a lot of potential, though! Firstly, I love caramelized onions. Thusly, if the menu says caramelized, they had better have some colour to them! Sauteed onion are not the same. It needed more Gruyere, some white pepper, maybe a little arugula, too, but the potatoes were cooked well and the pancetta added a nice, salty touch.

I had their sangria which was on happy hour special and it was very good! Very fresh and a great drink for the beginning of spring. Their patio is very enjoyable and the staff are very low-key. However, I echo others that the service is painfully slow. I would come back, though, and try some other menu items and enjoy their happy hour again.
I'm giving a 4 star because I hvent had what I would call a full experience. I went for happy hour with my co-workers. I love the wine selection and the wait staff is well educated on the wine as well. I has a Souvenig Blanc called Selene that wa amazing and is now my new favorite wine. Suggest giving this wine a taste. They had a yummy goat cheese and red pepper flat bread. It felt light enough to eat a whole one by myself but it was big enough to share. Definitely a great place to relax out on the patio and enjoy yourself and some good wine and treats.
This is such a cute place! I love the decor and the wine selection is outstanding! The food isn't bad either. The only reason I gave it four stars is because I ordered 2 flights of wine and 3 of glasses had lipstick on them! Ew!
It's really difficult finding an unpretentious place to hang out in Scottsdale, but this place certainly does it.  Went there with a date and had a great time.  You know how you feel like you're annoying some servers?  It didn't feel like it there.  It's not a pick-up bar and the staff was very customer-service oriented.  BTW, it says it's a wine bar, but yes they serve beer for us Irish as well.
What a great little find!  Uncorked, "The Unpretentious Wine Bar," is nestled in the Scottsdale Promenade.  It's a bit hidden, but I like that about it as it makes it a little more exclusive.  Uncorked is is just what their slogan says though, unpretentious.  The decor is great - couches and love seats in addition to traditional seating as well as a small outdoor patio.  Very intimate setting - a great after dinner date spot.  The by the glass prices are a little higher than I would expect for an "unpretentious" wine bar though, so that's why I'm giving it four starts only.  Excited to go again!
Cool little place, very quaint, intimate and relaxing. Perfect place for that glass of wine after work. Nothing fancy or over-the top. I recommend this place for lunch if you work in the area. They have 5.95 lunch specials. The buffalo chicken sandwich is finger-lickin-good  Wine is also half off Monday's- check out the website for other daily specials. I think they also have live music too sometimes.
Favorite wine bar in Scottsdale! The hazelnut encrusted Camembert cheese platter is delicious and the St. Clair Zinfandel from New Mexico is such a find! It's my favorite spot to meet my bff and get a glass of wine, in my scrubs, after my 12 hour shift.
I haven't been able to go here as much as I used to, but I love this place!  The food is great, and its a homie atmosphere.  The pulled pork is southern style and spicy, smoked and made in-house by Ali the owner.  Their wine prices are average to slightly below average on the wine, and their changing wine lists are always full of things I've never heard of.  I come here to be educated and fed and I always leave smarter and fuller.
First of all I LOVE the name, so clever. 

I loved several things about this wine bar- the great wine options, the wonderful appetizers and the unpretentiousness of the whole place!

I will say its a little pricey, but based on the location, the service and the quality of the wine it was accurately priced. I loved meeting the owner and chatting with her a bit, another other employees that worked there chatted with us as well and was very friendly. Glasses of wine average about $12, appetizers start at $9-ish.

We got the Cab Flight, the Pinot Noir Flight, and the Crostini flight....LOVED all of them. Additionally we ordered two other glasses of red wine that were equally as delightful. It was very reassuring to be able to order several things and not feel slighted.

The place is a little tough to find as I was shocked to hear it has been there for 6 years! I had never seen nor heard of it before I bought a coupon on localdines.

I highly recommend this place to wine lovers!
I consider myself some what so a wine Connoisseur and found uncorked wine selection to be very good.  You can't go wrong with most of the selections.  We had the pulled pork and lamb meat balls, which were both good.  Mike was our server and he was very helpful with suggestions and the over all service was good.
Cozy, classy, casual and couches! Cheese and champagne! (Ok the last two are also Cs, but they didn't really fit the alliteration scheme.)

Uncorked really has everything I like. Great place to bring friends or a date. I can wear jeans and a t-shirt or a dress with heels and don't feel out of place either way.

I love the wine ($5 off glasses and flights on Monday? Yes, thank you!). And the cheese plates, while seemingly pricey at $17, are loaded with enough tasty treats to feed two people as a meal.

Not only is it not snobby, but it's not a hassle like many places in Scottsdale are. It's tucked away in the back of a shopping complex. There is plenty of parking and even when the place is full it's not loud and crowded.

I've been coming here since the grand opening and will continue to as long as they keep the wine flowing and the cheese... doing whatever cheese does. Great place to relax, hang out, and get your food and drink on.
I really like Uncorked.  The atmosphere is cozy, classy, casual - I agree with the other folks here, it's just a nice place to relax and enjoy some wine and cheese.

The flights they offer are terrific  - a real bargain, the pour is generous and the wines are always an interesting selection.  We have tried a few of the various cheese apps, parmesan cheesecake, glazed figs and stilton, cheese plate - I've enjoyed them all.  Friendly and helpful service but it can be a little slow (or very slow depending upon your tolerance level).

The wine and the atmosphere are the stars here and they have good happy hour deals.
This is not a recent update, but I was reminded.  Only reason we haven't gone back is the drive and a baby. As a European, I love wine and evenmore cheese. Now, American cheese is.NOT. Cheese. Just so you know.
We ordered this scrumptious plate with bread , fruit and seveal cheese and had great wines (in the right type of glass). Very nice place. Great atmosphere and nice, friendly service.
We stopped here a few weeks ago for a happy hour drink. I had been here once before several years ago, and it was nice then. First, our service was fabulous, everyone was very friendly. I liked the ambience. While we didn't eat, the menu looked very appetizing, and next time I will plan on trying some things. The wine selection was good; could have been a bit more for a wine bar, but definitely ample. They don't really have 'happy hour prices.' so our stop wasn't exactly cheap; but our wine was worth the money. 

What I really liked - they support a lot of charities. They had 2-3 charity events occurring over the next month. The local support really impressed me.

I look forward to visiting more often and supporting this local business and some of their charity events.
The cheapest, most relaxed wine bar is my living room futon. That said, Uncorked is the next best thing, and it is a lot classier than my futon, plus I cannot cook like these people, so you should probably go to Uncorked rather than coming over to my place. 

Hmm, let's see. Favorites? The pinot noir flight or the whites you've never tried are both well worth your money. Follow the server's suggestions for pairings with the food and you'll be on your way to sheer deliciousness, BUT personally I love the Fig and Pig salad (that would be a great restaurant name on its own) and the crostini plate.
Oh Yes! Had some yummy yummy samples of wine and wonderful service from our server!  The food went perfectly with the wine pairings because the dishes weren't overdone.  This way the wine remained "the standout".  The ambience is very "grown & sexy".  REPEAT!
Would you believe that this little independent wine bar has been tucked away in this location for something like 7 years? It's true! But they're so hidden and unadvertised that they go completely unremarked. 

The space is very small and a bit awkwardly designed. There are three areas; the outdoor patio, the first sitting area by the bar, and the second area with couches and different sized tables. I came here on... another first date (this is getting exhausting) on a weekday and there was another couple in the space. They were sitting dead center of the second room which made it weird for us to sit there. The music was also so low that you could hear every word that was said. Awkwaaarrrddd...

So we sat on the couch in the front room, it's pretty comfy for sure. The menu is extensive, with a good variety of wines to choose from. You can go by the bottle or do different flights of three wines each. We went for the bottle, since it was half off that night. 

We also ordered the cheese plate. You can choose three of your own cheeses, out of about  8 options. This thing is huge! With only two people, there was no hope of finishing it. Especially since I was being all lady-like and didnt want to stuff my face with cheese and olives like a fatty. 

Pretty much right at 9:35, the waitress comes over and asks us if we're done. I hate that. Seriously. You close at 10. Don't advertise that you close that late if you don't want to. I asked her if we needed to close out and leave and with hesitancy she responded "well... no". Ok then. We'll stay until close!

Overall, it was a pleasant enouch experience. The atmosphere is probably much better on the weekends when there are more people and they stay open later.
I love this place.  It's about a mile from my office so we do after work get-togethers there occasionally.  They have great happy hour wine specials, and Ali (the owner) has always steered me right with her wine recommendations.  She's always got something interesting on hand.  The ambiance is cute and cozy - like a living room with couches and comfy chairs.  

The food is excellent.  One of my favorites is huge, yummy cheese plate with various breads, nuts, meats, olives, oh, and cheese.  This thing can feed quite a few people.  The crostini flight has always been wonderful, and I've tried every single one of the flat breads.  They are all good, and it's hard to pick just one.  

The service can be slow, but it is what it says - an unpretentious wine bar tucked in in with a bunch of corporate offices.  Give it a try.  It's a fun, quirky local business with good food, good wine, and an owner who really seems to enjoy what she does.
A group of friends and I went to Uncorked recently for drinks and appetizers.  The wine selection was good but my cabernet was served warm which was a little disappointing.  Overall the ambiance was good and we all liked how quiet it was.  Overall its a decent place but I'm not sure how anyone ever finds it as it's tucked away inside the office complex.
I love this wine bar!
It can be difficult to find, but if you park in the covered parking at the Promenade you'll be right there AND your car stays cool...bonus!
My favorite spot is at the bar, but there are very cute tables that would be perfect for a romantic evening or girls night out.
They have a great happy hour and always have a good $5 glass of wine (red & white) on special. The staff is great! They are easy going and say it like it is...and I love that! This is nowhere near your typical snooty Scottsdale wine bar crowd and that's why I like it.
The food is also really good. I've only had a few things, but the wine lovers mac & cheese and the Parmesan cheesecake are two of my favorites!
After a full day of shopping with my wife, which really means a full day ; ) we just wanted to relax and enjoy a meal with some wine. Checked out this spot on Yelp of course and decided to try it and ended up meeting a couple friends here as well. Uncorked is run by a husband and wife who were very knowledgeable about wine in general and great at pairing with the food they offered! They have a list of flights to try, wine by the glass and bottle, and also a list of wine closeouts. Setting is a small little venue that has an old world feel with some outdoor seating. It never got over crowded so feel free to keep talking and enjoy the menu!
We finally tried this wine bar last week and I'm so glad. It definitely lives up to it's name: The unpretentious Wine bar. The atmosphere was cozy and comfortable. I feel like I could go here any night of the week order an appetizer,  enjoy a glass of wine and just hang out. Their food menu has good variety. I had the Heirloom Tomato sandwich and it was unreal in deliciousness. I wish the sandwich never ended.The servers here are laid back, and really knowledgeable about the products that they carry. I had a divine glass of Zinfandel that I wish I tried at the beginning of the night so I could have another glass...or two. So good. Would I come back to this wine bar? Absolutely!
Service was horrible! Had to ask for my glass of Chardonnay after 20 minutes. Waited a long time for all of the food (we ordered 2 appetizers and a salad.) The salad also took 20-30 minutes to be delivered. Food was ok, nothing spectacular. It was about 1/2 full when we were there. Not sure why yelp has 4 stars for this place!
Very comfortable wine bar with fun vintages and interresting food items to enjoy. Wine flights are great as well incudling compositions for all tastes including desert wines in the red and white categories. We enjoy the place with my wife for cocktail hours.
What an awesome place... Great wine!!!  The owner is fantastic and brings in some great wines.
This is a great wine bar.  I love hanging out in the patio during our awesome fall/winter/spring.   My moms group has organized several Moms Night out at this place.  I love the monday 1/2 price deal on the wine flights and glasses, and also the Monthly 10 for $10 tasting.  Ali is very welcoming and I have always enjoyed my time chatting and catching up with friends.
I am kind of neutral about this place, the location is good, the set up is nice and relaxed, but thought it was kind of pricey for what I got, especially at happy hour.  Ordered a port flight, and a red flight and one appetizer, and it came to almost $50 with tip/tax.  Service was fine, appetizer was a bit small.

There is nothing really wrong or bad about the place, but just thought the value received was not worth the price.  But others may feel that a classy, quiet upscale wine bar is worth that price point.
We recently went tomUncorked on vacation and loved it. We sat outside on a beautiful evening, enjoyed some good and interesting wines. The wine list is creative and unpretentious. We also enjoyed some great food.  The menu has great things to share, flatbreads, gourmet sandwiches, salads. Would definitely go back again.
My friend introduced me to Uncorked some time ago. Before then, I had driven by a thousand times but never had a clue what a hidden Scottsdale gem this place was. 

Really great happy hour, lunch and wine specials. One of those local "joints" that will always have a familiar face in the house time and time again. 

Enjoy!
Went here for a date night with my husband and it was a wonderful night out! We split the Winelover's Mac & Cheese and the Roasted Pepper & Goat Cheese flatbread. Both were delicious. They had an awesome slection of wine and lots of specials so we felt free to sample a few different things without breaking the bank. We also split a chocolate ganache for dessert, which was warm, rich, chocolatey goodness. Service was awesome, too. We'll definitely be back!
This wine bar had a fantastic atmosphere, friendly staff, great wine, and great food. We tried a port flight and all of the wines were amazing. The person that waited on us was attentive and friendly. We are definitely coming back!
My friends and I went there on Monday where their wines are all half off.  It's a very cute place, very intimate.  The food and drinks were great.  Such a hidden gem!  Can't wait to go back again!
We had planned to attend a wine class at another place but it canceled so we decided to have our own wine tasting at Uncorked.  

Service was very good initially.  Our waitress was fun, engaging and gave good recommendations.  Towards the end of our evening, she all but disappeared and we had to track her down to get the checks.  

The have a great selection of wines and the flights are fun to do.  My flatbread was lacking in flavor but my husband's mac n' cheese was good.  

We will return but probably only for the vino.
This place definitely lives up to its claim of being an unpretentious winebar.  It is hidden away from the main parking lot which I actually like because it's not slammed all the time like Postino.  Inside is warm and comfortable.  A few people were camped out with their laptops.  Good happy hour deals.  Wine lover's mac and cheese is a must.  We were served personally by one of the owners, which is always a nice touch.  The flatbreads are ok, a little on the bland side and the flatbread itself was a little too crunchy/stale.  That said, I would definitely come back more often with a group of my friends to hang out!
Perfect finish to a long day. Great atmosphere and great wine. The food is fantastic. Happy New Year.
I went in for happy hour on a Friday, the place was BUSY...... I always account for that when it comes to service.  I realize the servers can't be in 50 places at once and I'm definitely not one of those obnoxious idiots who doesn't take that into consideration.....

With that said... the service was not great, and the girl was not friendly.  Perhaps she was just overwhelmed, who knows.  The food was meh, the wine was good.

I would go again and give it another shot....
Great ambiance....even better food! The mac and cheese is to die for and the club sandwich is refreshingly unique and tasty. Flatbread is also yummy. As for the wine...tried a flight and liked one of the three. I am looking forward to going back and tasting more!!! I would recommend this place in a heartbeat.
Uncorked was a nice looking wine bar, but server seemed like she did not want to be there. I have been to many places in and around Arizona and think this place may have a hard time making it with that kind of service attitude. Food was only  ok, and not many happy hour choices. I would give it a second try.
Food was good, but, the service was horrid. Staff was more interested in spending time socializing with their friends who were also there.
We had a nice time here! Sat out on the patio and enjoyed a lovely evening. Food is good, especially the BBQ chicken pizza. The mac and cheese is delicious and I loved the extra little crunch they add on top. The crostinis were a tad salty, but I would still order them again. Can't beat the $5 cab either. Yay, I'm a fan :)
We have been coming here for over a year and it just keeps getting better. They switch up the wines and the menu, have great specials, and the owners and staff are fantastic. Try the Wine Lover's Mac & Cheese, the flatbreads, the poached pear salad, the Parmesan Cheesecake or just know that whatever is on special will be amazing!
I really enjoy the atmosphere at this place and the service is always great. The wines seem to rotate rather frequent which is nice. Now I know it's a wine bar but I really wish they had a better craft beer selection, this is the only think that keeps the girlfriend and I away sometimes. She loves wine and I love craft beer so it's not the best place for us. But if you are looking for wine and a fun place to hang out then this is it!!
I heard about Uncorked on public television and when I looked up wine bars in the area. What a great find!  It was very welcoming, like being in someone's home. Everything is reasonably priced with lots of options. The Parmesan cheesecake is outstanding!  I had the potato flatbread; a little too soft for me but I will be back to try more options and also be part of many more happy hours. Great find!
Let me begin by saying that the bartender was fabulous - attentive, kind, fashionable, and a real heart for customer service. 

For what we paid, I want the total package...

The ambiance here really blows. It's like you've stepped into one of those faux French "paintings" you buy at Marshall's that's anything but tres chic. Boxes of crap laying around, things tucked behind curtains or just sitting out. 

I never met a flight I didn't love - who doesn't love a change of scenery after deplaning, or the variety that comes with sampling many wines. Flights will run you $18ish.  Isn't that a lot?  We did a sparkling and then a red option. My $5 glass of red during happy hour was just fine. 

The food is sort of an afterthought here. It definitely wouldn't bring me back.  We had the savory cheesecake which continues to sit in my stomach the morning after, and a chopped salad which was overdressed and what I consider a lunch-sized portion. 

With so few days in Scottsdale, I wish we would have skipped this and gone elsewhere. I guess that regret means 2*s.
Excellent food and reasonable prices, especially when apps are half off during happy hour.  The mac and cheese app was fantastic! The place is a little difficult to find (get good directions) but definitely worth it.
I have an opinion about d'Vine. The problem is that it's all over the place. I think the restaurant is very pretty, traditional wine bar decorations. Candle light, wood furniture, shades of ruby, green, gold and bronze.

The food is typical wine bar. Cheese plates, a few protein choices and nightly specials.

The wine is expensive. For a late afternoon wine get together with friends, you can each expect to spend between $40-$60 dollars if you want a snack and two glasses of wine. Or that's been my going rate the last two times I've been. And that's just ordering middle of the road wine. Not too cheap...not too expensive.
Never have I been so disappointed in a place that I couldn't wait to check out.  This is one restaurant that I will never go back to.

Sarah G and I went there for a late lunch...we walked in and was told to sit anywhere we wanted to. I guess they just had a big party and there were many tables that were not cleaned up.  But I also noticed that the waiter was by himself, so I didn't make a deal about it. I also noticed that the decor was a little bit on the cheap side and definitely didn't have that "wine" bar appeal.

We decided to order 2 appetizers and our entrees. (When we ordered our food, the waiter gave us a strange look, knowing that we were out of our minds for ordering so much food.  He could have warned us that my sandwich was going to be huge) For the appetizers we got calamari and spinach and artichoke dip.  Calamari was chewy and greasy, but the tomato basil sauce was actually very good.  Spinach dip was good, loved the cripsy bread.

Then came our entrees.

I won't go into Sarah G's food, but my chicken club sandwich was on the verge of horrible.  They had this chipolte sauce was way too sweet for this type of sandwich and even though I asked for no onion, I could still taste onion.  The sandwich was also a pool of grease. I could barely take 2 bites of it.  The funny thing was that the french fries were the only thing that wasn't greasy.

The waiter must have had an idea of our dissatisfaction because he never once asked us how our food was.  When we finally came by, we complained.  He took off our lunches from the bill.  By then, though, my stomach was reeling from all of that grease that i had just consumed.  

Not happy at all.
d'Vine is a great place to eat and drink! While some folks seem to think that the wine is overpriced, now is the time to hit up d'Vine! This summer, they are running many specials on their wines and almost every day there is a different special.

As always, d'Vine's food is always great. I have not had a bad dish at the place in many visits! 

The only complaint I have is if you sit toward the front of the restaurant in the 'bar' area, the evening entertainment is too loud and not conducive to having a conversation with your tablemates. Would it really change the music if the musicians were acoustic instead?
We had a really good experience here!  We wanted to try a new, local place and because we drive by here frequently, it was time to give it a try.  

After checking out the website and menu ahead of time, we decided there that were lots of food we wanted to try with prices not being so cheap.  Therefore, happy hour on a Saturday from 2-6pm seemed like a great idea.  And it was.  

Tapas were 2 dollars off, so we tried the Spinach Artichoke and Caprese.  Caprese was definitely above average for me, and the dip was good as well.  Alrighty.  On to main courses.  I had to order the Mac and Cheese with a side salad, if only because the boyfriend wanted to try it.  Side salad again was more than I expected with dark lettuce, cucumbers, and tomatoes.  The Mac and Cheese was crispy on the top, yum, but we had to ask for salt and pepper to flavor it.  The boyfriend had the Grilled Chicken sandwich, which he says was very tasty.  I had to sneak a couple fries from his plate....they were crispy deliciousness.  

Wow, we had a lot of food!  Plenty to take home!  But for all that plus 2 glasses of wine and a big beer it was only $51.00 with tax!  We'll be back for happy hour, and this time will stick to the tapas and drinks.
In regards to the D'Vine Bistro of Chandler, I've been here twice and can assure you, I'll not be returning for a third. 

The first time a girlfriend of mine and I just sat at the bar and had a glass of wine. All was fine. You really can't go wrong just pouring a glass of wine.

The second time we got a table and ordered dinner. Initially I sat at the bar to wait for a table. I ordered from an unfriendly bar tender yet they were out of All labels of Shiraz and Syrah ( How does a wine bar run out of wine?). The food was mediocre at best. The service was horrific. Our server asked for our drink orders and excused himself before we could get our drink order out of our mouths. He did not return for another 15 minutes. Once we ordered our entrees we didn't see him for another 45 minutes. We waited an additional 20 minutes after that just to order a 2nd glass of wine. He then asked us if we'd like to see a desert menu, we said yes and of course that took another 20 minutes until he returned with the menu. Following desert, another 20 minute wait for the bill. We were there for 3 hours with no exaggeration, just eating Cheese & Fruit, a salad and two glasses of wine. 

Because they ran out of wine, because the bar tender was unfriendly, because the food took very long to receive, and because the server was incompetent and neglectful... I'll not be returning here.
Ok Ok Ok...I said in my last review that I would never go back.  I lied.  

Met some friends there that actually frequent the place.  They knew the servers, which made the experience a little bit better.  While waiting for my friend's husband to show up, we shared the calamari.  Yes folks, this was not fresh calamari...but you know what? Who cares!  First off, I am in AZ...second, wherever it came from....it was was good!

We were going to order the spinach and artichoke dip, but our server informed us that ladies get $$$ off the brushetta.  I wasn't thrilled with the Traditional Brushetta....felt like it was was missing something.  The Caprese was excellent, but the Artichoke was by far the best.  I could have ordered more if I had to.  

The wine list is extensive, and I promise the next time I go I will get some.  (I saw the prices, and they weren't that bad) The wine pairings is something that I would also love to try out.....5 courses for $65 is not a bad deal at all.  Can't wait to go back.
I have been to this place four times. The first time, my husband and I went there on a date. We loved sharing the bruschetta appetizer and calamari. That was the night I fell in love with the Pink Puppy - a wonderful combo of sweet grapefruit juice and vodka. The food and service were just ok. 

Another time, I met a group of girlfriends there, and we tried some nice glasses of wine, and shared appetizers. It was a busy night, and the service was pretty bad. My friends were not impressed.

The third time, I took my friend that's a foodie, and she hated it - the hot food came out luke warm, some things over cooked, others had bland sauces. All in all, very disappointing.

The final time, we met our friends there who love the place and know all the staff and chef. This was a completely different and pleasant experience. Food was amazing and service was perfect.

Be prepared to either love or hate this place. I have seen both. I gave it a three because that Pink Puppy was so so good, the wine list is great. Food is hit and miss, and service can be terrible.
I love the happy hour here! 
This is a cute wine bar in Chandler. It is on the smaller side, but cozy. We sat at the bar and ordered our drinks. They have great drink deals during happy hour that starts at 2pm! 
The food options are $2.00 of all Tapas and 1/2 off the bruschetta menu. I love their bruschetta. There are like 6 different flavors to choose from. You get to pick three different kinds and you get two of each. One order is huge and its only $4.50. I do suggest that you stay away from the salmon bruschetta, not very good. My favs are the brie with apples and almonds, and the artichoke hearts with goat cheese and red pepper pesto. Yummo! 
I have had dinner here once awhile ago and it was good, but I have not been recently. I stick to their happy hour, it is a ton of food! 
Enjoy!
My first but not last visit.   I highly recommend the salmon cakes, they were just lovely!  My sister  visiting from San Jose was not going to eat anything. That didn't last, she can vouch for the salmon cakes. I changed my second order of salmon cakes to calamari. Calamari strips are not my favorite, I prefer the little squid with the tentacles, I should have asked. My niece ordered fried chicken with mac and cheese. The mac was made with a mild cheese,  a bit too suddle for my palette.  My niece wasn't impressed with the chicken, said it wasn't bad just not seasoned very well. Later she said anyone can fry chicken it's the seasoning that sets it apart.  Yes she is a fried chicken expert, just like I'm a fried catfish expert.  Back to my review.... Our waitress Kendra was attentive without being overbearing. Overall good food made better with good company and good service... I will visit the one on Power if  next time I have a visitor....

I'll be back!
So this place is like 3min away from our place and we did hear some nice things about it so we decided to give it a try.  It was a Saturday night so parking was hard to find and the restaurant was very lively.  It's kinda weird to see several people exercising at the next door gym when you are about to go into the restaurant but I digress.  Our wait was not too bad, just 15min or so.  

We tried the presciutto and smoked salmon bruschetta first.  They were very nicely done.  The presciutto and pine nuts were a good combination.  For our entrees, I tried the rib eye and my bf tried the bistro burger.  The rib eye was huge and the sauce was very nice but honestly, the rib eye was over done.  Overall, it was.....average.  The bistro burger had potential.  The burger came with artichoke/spinach spread on focaccia bread.  The idea is nice but I was more impressed with the presentation over taste.  The moment you bite into it, you can't help but to say to yourself "...oh...."  The bread was very fluffy and soft.  I think it would have been better if the bread was served alone.

Would we go back?.....b/c it is so close, MAYBE for lunch.

*Service = our waiter was probably new....he was going crazy serving all the tables.
*Food = ok.  It was nothing special really.
*Price = a little too much for the quality of food they serve
*Ambiance/decor = you know, at first glance, it looks like it is an upscale restaurant but it isn't.
This was the location for a Bridal Shower I attended. The service was great! Our waiter even split the check...what? 25 different ways - that was awesome! The space they put us in was cozy and well lit. My food tasted great! I had their Brie, Marinated Artichoke, and Smoked Salmon (yes, I actually ordered fish!) Bruschetta; each had it's own flavor and textures and I liked them all, although I liked the Brie best.

It was an interesting venue for a Bridal Shower, at times I think our group was a little too loud for the surrounding tables, and when the bride-to-be started opening her gifts...well, it's a family restaurant so I think everyone was a little embarrassed bystanders and invitees/gift-givers alike.

Next time I come I will order an entire meal, this place was great.
This entry is about D'Vine Bistro and Wine Bar in Chandler. I wish I was more competent with my word processor, because I'd like to divide the review into three columns: Very Successful, Adequate, and Giant Flop. I think it would mean more if you could see side-by-side comparisons, but you'll just have to try and visualize it.

I'll be nice and start with the Very Successful column.  (1)The menu: it's full of innovative selections. There are a number of Tapas, such as fried plantain cakes topped with grilled mango poke, seared pork belly, and a habanero vinaigrette ($8) and salmon cakes with chipotle molasses ($7). Many of the entrees come with interesting sides and sauces, for instance grilled pork tenderloin with a pan seared goat cheese polenta cake and roasted peppers, finished with a chipotle, espresso and raspberry BBQ sauce ($18). Which leads me to the Most Very Successful item of the evening. (2) Ken ordered one of the specials, a New Zealand farm-raised venison 2 rib chop with a juniper berry marinade, accompanied by spinach and roasted potato hash and the raspberry espresso BBQ sauce. Given how far the deer had to travel, the $32 price tag didn't seem too unreasonable. The chop was truly superb, moist and flavorful but not gamey. The sauce suited it perfectly. (3): portion sizes were quite generous. And (4): White anchovies were featured in several of the dishes.  That's it for the Very Successful.

 On to Adequate. (1) The ambience is pleasant, if somewhat noisy. There's a bar, with a television above it, high top tables, and those of regular height. The paintings on the wall are for-sale originals, some good, some not-so. There is a patio (this will also appear in the Giant Flop column). (2); Our dessert selection of chocolate mousse cake was "corporate food", not made in-house, and nothing special, but certainly both edible and size-able. The coffee fell in this column, too. (3) The nicoise salad ($12) ordered by our friend Sena came with seared Ahi tuna rather than the canned variety packed in olive oil. This would have put it in the Very Successful category for me, but Sena likes the more traditional canned tuna. 

OK. Here's the column you've probably been waiting for: Giant Flops. I'll start with (1) the above mentioned patio. The misters were on and it felt like London on a foggy morning. When we asked that they be turned off, nobody warned us that we would get dripped on, and our drinks would get dripped in. We soggily moved inside. (2) Sangria shouldn't be offered unless the proper ingredients are available. The white sangria ($5 at happy hour) given to us had a few slices of lemon in a poor quality wine. When we told our waitress that it was unacceptable she brought us a little carafe of "berry juice" to add to it. This made it even worse. (3) Nobody should ever put slices of cucumber in drinking water. While it may look stylish, after about 5 minutes it tastes really strange, and after 15 it's horrible. Imagine drinking it while eating chocolate mousse cake!! (4) My entree. I ordered one of the specials - fried chicken marinated in buttermilk, served with gouda mac & cheese, sauteed vegetables and a rainbow peppercorn gravy ($18).
I asked for all dark meat, and my plate arrived with two huge chicken legs. I thought the coating was good, although the crispness of the coating was quickly lost to the gravy. The first few bites were quite good, the chicken was moist, with a pleasant taste. But then I noticed how pink the chicken meat was getting as I got closer to the bone, and it was actually almost raw in the center. The second leg, which I had given to Ken was somewhat smaller, and he said it was adequately cooked. The mac & cheese, if it had a flavor, was drowned out by the gravy which was cough-inducingly peppery. The sauteed vegetables consisted of a few strands of bell peppers. 

When our bill arrived, $6 had been deducted from the price of my entree, and we had not been charged for the sangria (which we had not drunk).  As we were leaving the restaurant a woman whom I assume is the manager asked how our meal was. I politely listed some of our complaints and she seemed genuinely upset and was quite apologetic. While we were getting into the car she came out to the parking lot and gave us a gift certificate to use if we'd give D'Vine a second chance. Because of the items in the Very Successful column, I think we will. It's not every place that has pork belly, white anchovies and venison.
1/14/10
Met Violeta H. and new Yelper friend Aly (D.?) here today for happy hour (HH).  As soon as I walked into the resto, I noticed that the noise level was high, even though there were only 6 or less patrons (including me), plus 3 or 4 employees present.  Ambience was OK- portraits of past actors and actresses (era of Grant, Monroe, and Gardner) and black or dark furniture, etc.
Since Violeta had arrived earlier, she already had a glass of wine in front of her.  After a few minutes, our server came and asked if I would like to order a drink- I asked if I could sample a couple of red wines.  I had sensed that he might not have liked this request, but he said sure.  After I'd made my decision and let him know which, he dropped off the selection shortly, but took awhile to bring me a glass of water despite my asking for one earlier.  Again, it wasn't busy at all as it was only around 430p.  
Aly D. arrived, and after chatting it up a bit, and waiting for our server to come back (maybe 10 to 15 minutes of lag time), I placed my order of bruschetta of brie, marinated artichoke, and smoked salmon (brie, apple and slivered almonds; artichokes, roasted red pepper pesto and goat cheese; salmon, mascarpone, olives, and capers) and Violeta asked for sweet potato fries.  We continued to chat and sip our wines (Aly D. only drank wine; she didn't have anything to eat), and after about 10 or 15 more minutes, the bruschetta arrived.  After taking a few photos of the dish and offering the two women some of the pieces (Aly refused and V. opted to wait for her fries, which hadn't arrived yet), I chose to start w/ one of the roasted red pepper pieces, and after attempting to knife into a corner, and not succeeding, I picked it up and took a bite.  The bread they chose to serve me was stale!  I spat that out, and, wanting to ask V. or Aly to confirm that the bread was indeed stale, I tried to slice off a piece of bread, and pieces flew across the table.  Finally, I was able to hand a sample to V., who agreed that the bread was stale.  After a few attempts to flag our server down, at last he came back to ask how I was enjoying the app (Violeta's fries still hadn't arrived).  When I told him that the bread was stale, he vehemently denied that the bread could be stale, as their bread is made in-house.  He then just left it at that, panning over the three of us, and after a few uneasy seconds, he asked if I'd like to order something else.  I was taken aback by his reaction to my observation and decided that I didn't want to order anything else, so I just told him to take the app back.  Before he left, Violeta kindly reminded him that she still didn't have her sweet potato fries, so he went back to the kitchen to check on that.  I don't know what the other two were thinking, but I was still reeling from our server's remark and how he had handled the exchange.  A woman came by to drop off the fries, which were tasty and very crispy, just the way I liked it (thanks V. for sharing!), and soon after, our original server arrived back to say that the chef had sampled the returned bruschetta, had agreed that the bread was not up to standards and would like to know if I would like to have another prepared.  I said yes, I'd love to try again.  Finally, a solution was offered!  But why did it take all those many minutes?  The second plate arrived, the obligatory picture-taking done, and I took a bite of the salmon, and all was well again in the universe!  This time the bread was NOT stale, and while I liked all of the selections, I wouldn't order this dish again.  
We continued to chat and enjoy our wines, but I still wanted to try something else, so I asked for the Cuban sandwich, which arrived after a few minutes.  (Strange, but I couldn't find a photo of it,nor the fries, in my collection, so perhaps V. or Aly took pics for me?  Please send them over!)  This tasty halved sandwich was quite petite- about three bites, four at the most, and one half had the two kinds of meat- ham and smoked pork (?) and some sort of cheese and the other half only cheese.  My lack of concentration w/ my selection is testimony that I did not enjoy my experience here at D'Vine...  
Because of 1.) the many failed attempts to flag our server down, 2.) the long waiting times in between server visits, 3) the lag time of the sweet potato fries, 4.) our server's reaction to the stale bread, 5.) the miniscule sandwich which only had meat in one-half of it, and 6.) the resto's noise when it wasn't even busy (the noise grew as the afternoon turned into night), I will never go back again, not even to try their lunch menu, which is a pity as the eight selections featured, each at $7.49, look promising.  In retrospect, I wished that we had  stood up after the initial reaction to the stale bread and gone with V.'s suggestion to go to Cork and finish happy hour there.  Sorry, but I do not agree that life is divine at D'Vine!
I can not stand this restaurant. Every time I go the food is inconsistent.  I've had the "Dave's Special" (not on menu but my co-worker goes so much there is a dish named after him) with salmon, sauteed spinach, pasta, and tomatoes tossed in olive oil.  I've given this dish a try a couple of  times and each was different. Once the fish portion was slight but the spinach was perfectly sauteed and wilted. Second time, the fish portion was large but we had a BIG bowl of spinach, little bit of pasta and hardly any tomatoes and the spinach was raw - never touched the skillet.  
So I give another dish on the menu a try - the appetizer of bruschetta with prosciutto, brie, apple, 3 different types. The brie was all rind and the prosciutto is like the kind you get at the Albertson's deli.  Really!?
I no longer frequent this restaurant and boycott it if its an option for an office birthday lunch.
All I can say is fabulous everything!  My favorite place to go with the hubby and our children.  Great musicians and ambiance.  The wine list is unparalleled.
I love this place.  All of my coworkers and I love it here.  We all agree it's the best food around, and we agree it's the best bang for our buck.  We go to far lesser or respectful places to eat, even fast food type places, spend more, get less, and get FAR LESS quality in the food and cooking.  For both work and personal we take out of town people here every time.  The first time I took my girlfriend here she fell in love with it.  The staff is friendly, normal, knowledgeable, actually will talk and hold good conversation.  The atmosphere is great, though it can be a little loud for some people but it doesn't bother me at all.  I highly recommend going here to get away from the norm and to have great food every single time you go.  I've never been disappointed here once.
d'Vine has the potential to be a better restaurant. I ended up here because my date suggested it. I was going to give it 3 stars but there were a few things that kept me from doing even that.

Let me start off by saying that the restaurant is in a very nice, if not a little off the beaten path, of south, south Chandler. The inside has a nice, cozy feel to it, albeit a little on the dark side. Our table, in particular, was lacking in basic lighting. Anyway, that's just a tiny complaint compared to the service and the food. 

Ah, the service! At first it seemed as though things might go pretty well in this area. We were promptly seated, asked about our drinks and even managed to put in an order for an appetizer, all within 10 minutes of sitting down. Not bad. The food came out pretty fast but I don't think it was anything to write home about. It wasn't spectacular, just ok. I received my drink, called the Pink Puppy, and I had read in a couple of other reviews on here how "wonderful" it was. I wasn't impressed. I guess this place just shoots for mediocrity because that's all it was--mediocre. 

Luckily, I was so distracted by my charming date that I didn't realize until my stomach started grumbling again, that I was still hungry. A few strips of calimari split between two people isn't very filling. At that point, I realized we had probably been chatting for a full half hour or more and our waitress was nowhere to be seen (it was later on when I got up to go to the bathroom that I understood why she was MIA. I'll get to that in a minute.) Finally, she must have noticed my date doing his head-bob to get her over to the table. We were able to get our order in for the main entree. I ordered the salmon dish over risotto. It was, again, just okay. Tasty, but I don't think I would rush back to order it again. The center was a tad underdone, but I eat sushi on a regular basis so I didn't complain. The risotto was a bit mushy but still had some flavor to it. The real disappointment was in the dessert.  We ordered the chocolate mousse pie/cake--not quite sure which one it was trying to be. The texture was so bad I couldn't eat but a few bites. There was nothing "mousse-y" about it. It had the consistency of dried out Play-doh. Yuck! And I am a dessert person, 't boot! I love my sweets and can eat just about anything with sugar in it. This was inedible. I'm not sure why we didn't send it back and our waitress never questioned why 3/4 of a supposedly decadent dessert was still on the plate. 

After dessert I got up to go to the bathroom and saw why our waitress was so slow in coming to our table: She was too busy chatting it up with the other customers to pay attention to her tables. 

So, in summing it up here is my take on this restaurant:

Good atmosphere
Mediocre food
Bad service

Not a winning combination if you are a small business trying to make strides in today's economy. This establishment needs to really take a look at itself (and these reviews!) and improve where improvements need to be made. I find it very interesting that this place is owned by the same folks who have a d'Vine location in Mesa. That restaurant fairs much better in the Yelp ratings. I wonder why two places owend by the same people have such different ratings.
Had a couple beers here.
Nice server.
Five reasons I gave d'Vine Wine five stars:

1. Sixto, our waiter. Cute, charming and patient.
2. Parmesan truffle fries. Yummy.
3. Beef & Gouda Melt. To die for.
4. Relaxed, but sophisticated vibe. I felt comfortable and cool.
5. The wine. Hello. Lots to choose from, and the Sauvignon Blanc I had was fantastic!

Only downfall? It is waaaaay the heck out there, especially from north central Phoenix. But... if I'm ever in that area again, I'll definitely make a point to stop by. It was certainly d-vine.
My husband and I love this place!!  The staff is so friendly, the wine selection is good and the food, especially the happy hour appetizers, are really tasty. We love to go here and chat with the bartenders and have a nice relaxing time.
I've been a fan of D'Vine in Chandler for some time now and I had the pleasure of attending their Wine 101 class recently.    

The class was presented by David Newton, D'Vine's Sommelier.  The topics discussed during class included: serving wine, different regions and the best regions for certain grapes, and a little history of wine.  David has a great passion for wine and is an engaging speaker, so it made for a great afternoon.  The wines chosen for the class were excellent, and offered something for every palate.  This particular class was not designed specifically for tasting, although there will be a class devoted to how to taste wine in the future, this was about wine in general, which I found to be a great place to start.

There will be a different class each month through March on a variety of topics and are being held at both Mesa and Chandler locations. 

This is an excellent opportunity for anyone interested in wine and meeting people with the same interest.  Can't wait for the next class!
NW corner, if you couldn't eyeball it very well from the Google map.  Our lunch group of 12 came, and not one bad review.  The girl sitting next to me could not stop helping herself to my fries, they were seriously that good.  These were no normal McD good quality fries... this was gourmet fries... if they had a drive thru, I'd come here for the fries alone.  

Ok but seriously, 12 of us had a large variety of menu offerings and everyone was gobbling it up.  The waitress completely surprised us by being willing to split our checks, how cool is she?!
Very disappointed in the food and service. First time having a meal there since new owner(s) took over. The food was very bland had to ask for refills on our water. If you want a glass of wine for happy hour great just don't expect much from the food.
This was my second time at D Vine and it was a pleasant evening. I'm not a big wine drinker so I didn't try any but the food that I ordered was very nicely done and tasty. My date gobbled his up, so he must've been happy. The service was a little on the slow side. Our food took a little while to come out but our waiter was nice and kept us filled with water. I recommend going on a Monday night since there was no live music. I've been to this place when there is live music and if you are looking to hold a conversation while loud music is playing, you will be asking your date to repeat things twice. Other than that, I love the atmosphere of the place. I find it to be very cozy.

In conclusion, I think the service and food have improved since my last visit there. The first review I gave it two stars. This time I give it four and would happily go back again.
When Mom picked me up from the airport around 8 the pickins were a little slim. However, Mom knew of this good little wine bar that she thought I might like. Might like? Me? Wine? Bar? Needless to say, I LOVED it! And I was surprised that my mom had found such a cool place - sorry Mom :x. 

Their selection of wines was good and their food selections ... we couldn't decide! We did tapas - beer battered calamari (it was okay ... some were a little chewy), fondue (OMG!! Let's just say that if I were to find a Cheese and Wine Bar I might start crying), and their tapas special - crab filled portabelo (really, really good!!). 

Unfortunately, I don't remember what wine I chose but it was good - apparently not memorable. 

I liked the live jazzy music but would have enjoyed my time here a little more if it wasn't so loud - and we were in the back. But the guy singing was good and that's what they do - jazz and wine - so I can't really complain. 

I'll be dragging mom back here next time I'm in town!
Service was sub-par for the evening, it was not even that busy.  Food was good, but not amazing, price was reasonable but with the poor service...a bit high.  I have tried here 4-5 times and its showed its true colors as being an average place with good food and a good selection of wine.
I always love this place. It's been where I've spent new years,valentine's day & anniversaries. But last night I was disappointed. The pizza we had for an app was over cooked and undercooked at the same time. boo. Then the skirt steak I had for dinner was alright but the horse radish potato cake that it came with had the consistency of Elmer's glue. It ruined the meal. I want to know who tasted that and thought it was good enough to serve. Gross gross.
Made a  purchase on livingsocial for this place.. $25 for $50 worth of wine tasting for two with fruit & cheese plate which is a pretty good deal. Date got the Mango stilton with ginger cheese with the cabernet flight  (3 types) & I got the Manchego cheese with the riesling flight (3 types) which had the kabinett, spatlese, auslee. Both types of cheese were very yummy & not too strong. We both loved the Mango stiltion though, it was our favorite and definitely a must try!!! As for the wine...kabinett was my favorite!! it wasn't too sweet nor too strong and it was really refreshing, the spatlese was alright & the auslee was good but a bit too sweet for my taste. The date ordered red wine only because we were gonna order the lamp pops from their appetizer menu but it turns out they were out of lamb? So we ordered the ahi tuna tostado & ceviche which we both enjoyed. 

Overall the wine tasting experience here wasn't that bad and the food we ordered was pretty good. The only real problem we had with this place was that the service just sucked. I mean our waiter brought out our fruit & cheese plate and forgot our wine. And we're seated in the corner with this small itty bitty table and our waiter was never around to pick up the dishes. Then we asked for the desert menu & he went missing for like 10 mins and then comes back and says "ohhh ill get your desert menu.." and by that time we didn't want to order dessert anymore. Sooo with that said i would have to give this place a 3 star...I wouldn't mind going back though.
Over rated, over priced, service is sub par, dirty bathroom, food doesn't make up for all the negatives. Been there 3 times, won't go again.
Been here twice and enjoyed it.  A bit to pricey but the quality and uniqueness of the food is great.  Good place to take a date, casual and comfy.
Nice place, good music (later), and overall enjoyed the ambience.  Unfortunately some of the review are true, the food could be improved.  Wanted to try something just to see if something like a special or app would be good, hot, and tasty.  We tried the mussels along with wine of course.  Enjoyed thew wine but the mussels were cold, they should have been hot.  They weren't that busy on a Saturday night.  They were also chewy much of the way thru. The wines by the glass are pretty good but I will say that several selections are overpriced.  Go the the valley's other million wine bars and you'll see what I'm talking about.  i will go along with some of the other review.  Go there and drink, enjoy the music, and don't expect too much from the food.  If the mussels were good we would have ordered a meal but that wasn't the case.  Left and ate elsewhere.
Let me pre-empt this by saying the ONLY reason Im giving 1 stars is because the waiter was honest with me. If there were a way to give zero, I would.  Now on to the cockroaches. Yes, I said cockroaches.

Ive been here once before, and rather enjoyed it. I try to experience a place at least twice or more though before I write a review because sometimes things arent always as they seem on first impressions. So it seems was this place. The first time I went here, everything was outstanding. It would have been at least a 4 if not 5. But this time, my wife and I sat down and ordered 2 glasses of Malbec and 2 appetizers, still trying to decide on main courses. The wine and appetizers came, and we ordered our main course. As we are eating our first appetizer I notice a bug coming from the kitchen out into the main dining area. Curious, I stood up to investigate, and yep, its a cockroach. I wave my waiter over to show him, and he kills it and I go sit back down. He comes to our table and apologizes and says he knows about them and that they have a cockroach problem. WHAT???? He says the place is under new ownership and that there are several problems that the wait staff are trying to fix on their own. DOUBLE WHAT??? What other problems are there that I dont know about??? Omg. Check please. So he cancels our order, delivers me a bill and tells me that he didnt charge us for the main dishes, but has to charge us for the one appetizer we already ate. OMG!!! Welcome to the age of the internet Divine Wine. I hope everyone reading this stays the heck away, and now I need to go call the health department.

Update: Maricopa Health Dept notified. Complaint number 1105179.
I have been here  a few times. The first time was about 3 years ago and then twice in the past couple of months. My wife bought a "wine club" membership which offers two bottles of wine per month. Pretty good  deal really.  I have to say that I hadn't come back since the first visit as I can't recall being overly impressed. Soooo...3 years later the 2nd visit was enjoyable. For apps: We had the shrimp with spicy chili sauce, sweet potato fries and the pork belly sliders. The shrimp app was good, the pork sliders came out on rocks pretending to be buns. I'm normally not a fan of sweet potato fries but they and the chipotle aoli they were served with were good. I can't recall what main dish I had unfortunately. I guess that speaks for itself!

We visited D'vine again last night. The first month of the club we had a Chard and a Pinot Noir. Both were good. This time we had an Italian Pinot Gris. Perfect for a summer quencher.  We ordered the shrimp and fries again. Then added some green salads and fish tacos.  The fish tacos caught our eye as the menu stated a sriracha mayo/sauce.  Turned out to be the perfect kick for the breaded fish.

We'll be back to exhaust the wine membership over the next couple of months, I'm hoping the experience gets better and we try other dishes that attempt to assure my return.
My initial thoughts about this place were very positive.... We bought the livingsocial coupon. My boyfriend started off with one flight of the cabernet wines and one of the Riesling. Both wines were really good in my opinion. The cheese plate was pretty standard we had the cheddar and havarti. However the more time we spent there the less I was enjoying the place.... Service was starting to get slow....  I ordered the hand made pasta dish with Cajun alfredo sauce. The pasta was completely over cooked an the sauce was bland. Not worth the $18 I paid for it. The bf got the braised beef melt (not sure if thats the name) which was raved a out in an other review. Let's just say it wasn't very big and very greasy.... Nothing impressive about this place.... While we were waiting (forever) to pay our tab we over heard some staff members yelling at each other. Probably won't come up on my radar to return...
Checked out this place over the weekend since I bought the living social deal & it was about to expire! It was definitely worth the $25 we spent on the voucher. We had a flight of 3 cabernet wines & a flight of 3 chardonnay wines. We received a plate EACH of 2 cheeses with grapes, apples & nuts. Surprisingly we had a bit more cheese than we did of the fruit & nuts. Could have used a piece of bread on each plate to finish it off.  The bistro wasn't busy at all but the vibe felt a bit stuffy even though they did have baseball on the TV. The staff was just a couple of bartenders who seemed friendly & our server. The server was a tad odd & he mumbled when he spoke. All in all the food was just decent. We did only have the sweet potato fries & 2 teeny street tacos (2) for $5 on HH.  The prices were reasonable since we stuck to the Happy Hour menu. I think I have a couple of other wine places in the East Valley that would be my choice before I go back to D'Vine. I'd say 2.5 stars if there was a half to give.
Friday night at D'Vine's was just that: divine.  There were four different wines and 3 entrees bought to our table that evening and everybody was very impressed with every one of the wonderful flavors.  Neil Staub was entertaining, and was a perfect compliment to the atmosphere at D'Vine's.  You could still have conversation when you chose to, but Staub's music brought about a very enjoyable balance of fun and romance that kept us engaged most of the time.  It was my first time there but it just became a new favorite.
Hmmm... Just read a review from July 2011 that mentions there is new ownership. That would explain some things. My husband and I come to Chandler every winter and have always looked forward to a couple nights a week at Divine throughout our vacation. I'm a huge fan of independents, come from a city known for it's food and always thought Divine was on par with some of the best. Joke that even though i could catch salmon in my backyard the best salmon i ever ate was at this wine bar in AZ! Not anymore. This time I was really disappointed in both the food and the service and felt a change in the atmosphere. A year ago I'd have gone four stars. I grudgingly gave a 3 based on the good wine and Blake the consistent good bartender.
We've been here several times and we've never had a bad meal. The drinks are wonderful - my favorite is the French martini (I don't remember the full name but that is close).

We've tried quite a few items on the menu and the only one that was just ok is the fish tacos - they were strange because the piece of fish they used was so big.  The stuffed portabello is good, the street tacos are good, the beef & mushroom risotto was ok, the Krisi flatbread is AWESOME, and the bruschetta was good as well.  

We will be going back for sure!
We decided to try this place for dinner with another couple. Probably the only complaint I have about this place is that it is hard to find. We had a very helpful and courteous waiter. Live music was good. It was a beautiful Arizona night to sit on the pation.

 Our friends, who joined us, dine out regularly and have high expectations for what they would consider a nice meal. They commented several times how everything they ordered was really good and would definitely go back. My husband and I shared an appetizer and the chicken parmesan, one of their staples. The only dissapointment there was that we decided to share the plate. The garlic, vegetables and pesto sauce created some delicious flavoring. Although, the plate did have a lot of extra olive. Every dish that I saw served made me want to go back and try it. The chocolate cake was devoured in minutes by my friend.  He nodded 'yes' in between bites when I asked if it was good. Tiramisu was good but not the best I have had.
Excellent meal and a very nice wine selection.  Our service was quite good as well. We went on a Monday night and the place was packed. I'd definitely would go again
I don't drink alcohol, so I cannot comment on the "wine" part, but the food (salmon steak) was absolutely amazing. The service was prompt, and the atmosphere very relaxing. To top it all, the live music (one dude, playing Bill Withers on a guitar) really clicked for me.
Amazing French fries! Is that weird for me to say? We tried the brushetta with apple and Brie, smoked salmon, and the caprese.  My favorite of the 3? Tough choice, I'd say it's a tie between the salmon and the caprese. It seems like everything I kind of liked, something on it I didn't care for. The caprese was the only one I didn't pick anything off of.  I severely wanted to try the peach cobbler but next time I will try it. I personally do not like the blueberry beer but my boyfriend liked it surprisingly. My friend works here so I will be back more so for her not so much the food. Our waiter was beyond on point I wish I would have got his name for this review but I will edit this when I get it. :)
Wow! I used to live in Las Sendas and have been to the Mesa location several times and it has always been mediocre to just ok. Having moved to Chandler recently and seeing online that Dvine Chandler is starting a lot of specials this summer, I decided to check it out.

What brought me in was their summer backyard BBQ menu that they are doing on Sundays. We arrived at 12:30 and we were the only ones there (except for one older guy sitting at the bar).

We were seated right away and waters were brought out quickly. I was very impressed with the service. Our waitress was very warm, friendly and attentive. I was also impressed by the fact that when she forgot what I ordered (ok servers, just write it down and stop trying to impress us because it's super irritating when you forget or get something incorrect), she came back right away to confirm instead of guessing and screwing up. Good move, but just write it down at the beginning.

We had a party of 8 and I have to say I felt that we were really taken care of. Granted, there was no one else in the restaurant. I'll have to see what the service is like on a busy night. Our server brought my mom a sample of vodka to taste because she was ordering a new martini. I thought that was very thoughtful.

Our food was delicious. Everything was plated beautifully and the portion sizes were generous. The only exception was the calamari. It was tough and rubbery and the sauce was too sweet and greasy. Don't get that one. But seriously everything else was excellent. My husband said the pork relleno was the best thing he has ever eaten (and we have eaten at a lot of fine restaurants).

I liked the atmosphere too. It's much bigger than the Mesa location. I think it was about 2pm when the live music started, which was very nice.

Not a good spot for kids (which I guess goes without saying). I did bring my 3 and 5 year old since it was lunch time but there really aren't any menu options for them.

I had a great experience here, a couple hiccups, but the food to the service to the atmosphere was pretty good overall. Can't wait to come back!
Used to be a lot of fun, but prices went up and service went down.
Finding new place to hang out with friends!
Ordered a grilled chicken salad and sangria.  The dressing on the salad was very tasty.  Shared some tapas with my sister- the brie/apple/almond combo was delicious. Great ambiance -- dim lighting, friendly wait staff, and a wall dedicated to wines alone.  Live musician playing cover songs on acoustic guitar - phenomenal.  In addition, they held a wine tasting and I got a little lesson on wines! Hope to come back again the next time I am in town
Do not go there for the food.  It is an overpriced disappointment.  Ambience is okay.  If you sit in the bar area, the music is too loud for conversation.
Some friends and I came in for a wine tasting, but ended up being in time for happy hour. Wine tasting was $5 for four samples. We didn't end up doing it, so can't comment on that. 
You know it's fancy when there's cucumbers in the water! They're very on top of refills, despite leaving a bottle of water on your table.  Delivery of the wine was extremely slow, very odd. 
Happy hour included $5 glasses of wine and some random munchies. My only complaint would be the portion size of the happy hour food. Small! One slider (BBQ beef) and a small handful of fries ($6). Tasty, but small. We also tried the mac n cheese balls. Nice presentation, but again, small portion. Normal food prices seemed a little steep as well. 
Wine was decent, ambiance is nice, service was good, and live music started at 7pm.
The ambience was very nice with a pretty cool band was playing, the salmon panini we was pretty good but why it only received two stars?

We ordered which perhaps is the worst pizza I've ever had! I'm not a picky eater by any means but they should seriously take it off the menu, I've had better frozen pizzas!
Stopped in on a Saturday night, quite the hot spot!  Waited a while for a table.  The food was great, the wine selection nice.  We had a great time.
I've written two prior reviews on Divine as we've been regulars on and off for years. We moved here full time a year ago and that's the last time I reviewed it. 

MUCH has improved since then. Last year I wrote how dissapointed I was in them. But not anymore! The atmosphere is fun again, the service is consistent again and better than that... the food is really good again! They had a down swing for awhile. 

These days I'm addicted to a stuffed portobello mushroom they serve that's so good its hard to describe. I'm not a vegetarian and it's a meal for me. As well, my husband orders off the daily special menu a lot and says you "can't go wrong". 

It's not a five star dining experience, but once again, it's a really solid four stars. 

And their wine list is great. they have a variety of really good and interesting wines by the glass and a fabulous by the bottle list.
This was our first time at this wine bar. We were celebrating my moms birthday with a girls night out. The server was great at helping us pick a wine for the table as well as with the food. We are all pretty picky about food, we like simple, and they had some simple with a twist of, "what in the world is that'. I'm sure most people know but like I said, we like simple :) I did not care for my meal so I was eating off my sisters plate, our server noticed and apologized right away and asked if I wanted something else. I explained that it was no big deal, its my taste buds and that I was fine. She insisted that I at least get a dessert, and hey who can pass up dessert. The cheesecake was AMAZING!! The bartender was also really great. He found out it was my moms birthday and insisted we have shots on him. We bought a few bottles of wine and in my opinion tipped well. We were very satisfied with our experience and will defiantly return!
We went out for my moms b-day on Cinco De Mayo and really didn't want to deal with crowds. So we chose a wine place hoping all the Cinco De Mayo party goers were somewhere else! We picked correct, because when we arrived for lunch no one was in the restaurant. It was nice to have the place to ourselves for about an hour. Our waitress was very lovely and helpful. She was able to find a wine the whole table liked and gave each of us different options off the menu. I ordered the hand made pasta with chicken and basil pesto! It was absolutely delicious!!!! Once she set my plate down I dove right in! It was full of flavor, the chicken was nice and juicy and the pasta was cooked perfectly! My sister has more bland taste buds and ordered the artichoke dip. She was thinking along the lines of a regular plain artichoke dip and what she got was a surprise. The artichoke dip included chorizo, goat cheese and corn relish, definitely something my sister wasn't expecting. I thought it was awesome! They have their own little recipe to give plain artichoke dip a bigger bang! My mom enjoyed every bit of her brushetta and my sister spiced up her mac n chesses with the waiters recommendations! 3 out of 4 happy in our family never really happens, so my hats off to you D'Vine! Since my one sisters taste buds are so bland the waiter insisted she have dessert on the house. I thought that was very nice of her, for it wasn't the cooks fault that she didn't enjoy her meal. Not a lot of places are like that, so it was a nice treat for the table. A big thank you for that!

We spent quite some time here eating, drinking and visiting. The staff was so friendly and kind the whole time we were there, which is always enjoyable and the food was absolutely delicious! It was a great start to celebrating my moms birthday!
Good salads and sandwiches. I like the Fish n Chips too. Attentive staff. Good selection of wines.
We went in yesterday for the regrand opening and it was great. I loved that they had gluten free options as I have celiac. The street tacos were very good with a little kick which I love!  What I like about the place was the atmosphere, great music, attentive staff and overall a fun place to be.
Loved happy hour - $2.50 microbrews, $5 appetizers (WAY better appetizers than your average place, though they could do to expand the options...sizes are a bit small but they're forgiven b/c the appetizers are unique and taste SO good...oh and the size of the appetizer salads ARE generous).  Friendly staff!  My friend LOVES the generous pour on their wines (especially during happy hour).
I have been to D'Vine on many occasions, and have nothing but good things to say.  I have tried lunch and dinner on different days, and the service has always been consistent and impeccable.  The food each time has always been impeccable as well.  I love that this is a local eatery in the neighborhood, and has great ambiance and great food and of course wine.  Everything I've ever tried here is delicious.  My favorites are the edamame (always add the chili sauce), cheese/nut plate, pizzas, steak dishes, salmon and steak salad or salad with scallops.  The wine selection is fantastic, and I usually try something different each time I go.  We even had my 40th birthday party here, and the server there was awesome and treated me like a queen, even though you could tell it was a very busy night for him.  I haven't been for happy hour, but here the specials are great during that time. We also love the live music on the weekends.  Great place to keep your dollars in Arizona instead of going to national chain restaurant. My profile picture is a picture of me and my husband at my 40th birthday party at D-vine.  :)
Nothing exceptional about this place.
Negatives:  
*Seating and Narrow 10ft wide room w tables too close to each other, can't hear your conversation over others. Not an intimate place. 
*The nut they chose to put on the cheese platter are cheap peanuts! Disgusting and very faux pas, does not pair w the cheeses and olives or any wine. Very weird that they would do that. 
*Bruschetta had this burnt taste -I think it may have been because they grill the bread.  Would be better if they just browned it under the broiler. 
Positives: 
*Cute artwork of pop culture icons like Marilyn Monroe, and The Godfather, etc..
*Clean restrooms
*Nice waitress
My Fiance and I went in for lunch, Joey the bartender immediately introduced herself. She was very upbeat and friendly. It was my first time there and she was very knowledgeable about the food and wine. She suggested the Salmon Entre for myself and the Scallop salad for my girl. She paired this with a bottle of the Duckhorn Sauvignon Blanc.The food and service was amazing and  I would definitely say this was an experience to remember in Phoenix!
This was our 3rd visit here and we find the entire venue handy, comfortable and we normally try their daily specials and were not disappointed this time around.
Had the lamb tenderloin which came cut up into pieces but it was tasty and had a very mild lamb taste, the vegetables and gravy were incredibly salty but this was a minor concern given the overall meal.  My wife had a filet mignon and it was as good as expected.  All washed down with a 2007 Franciscan "Magnificat" meritage, mmmmmm... superb, after it had  time to breath.
It is a nice venue for relaxing and being with friends.
Went here for the first time tonight with my husband. We enjoyed our dinner and the atmosphere was good. Our waitress was very attentive and responsive. We both ordered the fish and chips and a side salad and both thought everything tasted very good. There was so much food we could've ordered one entree and split it. My husband's only complaints had to do with his drinks. He originally ordered a glass of red wine before deciding on dinner and he thought it tasted like it had been opened too long. So he then ordered beer but they didn't have either of his favorites, Sam Adams or Fat Tire, My wine tasted fne, but I'm no wine connoisseur so you can't really go by me. We came early and left early so we didn't hear much of the live music but what we heard was good and not too loud. It's not a place we'll go often just because of the cost, but I think we'll probably come back here and try some other entrees.
It's a keeper!
Been here a handful of times now: some for drinks and snacks, some for full meals, and once for a wine dinner. The food was uniformly excellent on all occasions. The calamari is not your typical fried blobs with dipping sauce; it is actually plated with a sweet chili sauce and there are some assorted veggies in there, too. It's a good size for two people to split as an appetizer, or you could make a solo meal of it. The chipotle hummus is excellent (and pretty jazzy). There are daily specials, although the website is not always kept up to date with the info. Very good small pizzas. Friendly service, but the kitchen can be a little slow (it's worth the wait, however). Reasonable selection of wines, but not spectacular. One handy feature: if you plan to make a heavy night of it, there's a hotel across the parking lot, so no need to risk becoming a DUI statistic.
Very Surprised!

We recently moved to the area from Scottsdale where we were used to amazing restaurants with nice atmosphere and top notch food. We see this wine bar every day when we drive by. Some friends recommend it so we decided to try it. We were pleasantly surprised with the nice cozy atmosphere and friendly staff. We ordered some happy hour wines which were very good and reasonably priced at $5 each. We also had the fish tacos and street tacos which were very good and had amazing flavors. Jason took good care of us and was very helpful with all our wine questions. The second time we went, same thing, and Jason remembered us! We noticed the second time they were hosting a NYE 5 course dinner for $65 per person so we booked a table for us and some friends as it seemed reasonable and nearby.

We returned for NYE and the place was packed but we were seated on time. Even though it was very busy, the staff was spot on with everything. As usual we were tended to in a timely manner and even the busser "Jackie" would bring clean silverware if we left ours on one of the five course plates without us asking. I was a little hesitant to see such amazing food on the menu for the price, wondering if it would live up to it. 

OMG I had the crab stuffed mushrooms (flavorful, large, with amazing coleslaw presentation), tomato bisque soup (perfect spicy kick with roasted tomato flavors), walnut romaine salad (grilled stock with grilled onions and some sort of amazing drizzled dressing), Chilean sea bass (Ok, I only eat fresh Hong Kong steamed sea bass and knew this wouldn't be up to par, but it was really well prepared with spices and sauce which didn't overpower the fish and it was cooked perfectly) and apple crisp for dessert (perfect combo of baked granola and baked apples ala mode, and it wasn't too sweet or sugary which was PERFECT! So many chefs make dissert too sweet) with some yummy champagne. My other guests had nothing but good to say about their dinners as well (NY steak and lamb shank) and they gave the black eyed pea soup thumbs up!

This is definitely our new fav that we will be dropping in to from now on. Give it a try if you like a posh but laid-back atmosphere with good food and good prices!
We love to come here on date night away from the kids. The flights are always interesting and I haven't disliked any of the food we have ever ordered. They are also really great about altering dishes for me since I have food allergies. The only thing I would wish would be a little more expansive dessert menu.
Super friendly waiter & Thursday night is ladies night, so $2 off glass of wine, etc. We got a few different types of bruschetta that we really good! The Brie/Apple was my favorite. I'd definitely go again.
I hope I got this location right because I didn't drive and wasn't exactly sure where we were but I had my birthday dinner here with two of my oldest and dearest friends.
They had live music playing, and we were seated right away even though it looked like a decent full crowd. Service was excellent and cocktails and appetizers served right up. My friend has stuffed mushrooms which were very good, and I had edaname which was a little greasy but flavorful.
Main course for me was the Salmon over Butternut Squash risotto and it was delicious. A little heavy on black pepper for me but the rest of the flavors were phenomenal. My friend has the Wild Boar which he enjoyed but was a little unimpressed with the portion size. My other friend had the salmon on special which she enjoyed as well. 
A round of fireball shots, a round of Jaeger shots and we had a great night out. Only negative was the music stopped at 11pm and the place basically shut down then....early for a Friday night.
We were ignored by the servers, received the wrong wine on a re-order and the food was disappointing. I will not come back.
We were a party of 8 taking our grandparents out for a special celebration. Even though we didn't make a reservation we were seated promptly. They have a great wine selection. Their food menu has a wide selection as well. We each ordered something different off the menu and everything was just scrumptious!! I had the seated Ahi tuna and my husband had the pork tenderloin. Both were phenomenal. Service was impeccable and friendly. It was a bit dark but over all it was a great lil find!
Music too loud to have a normal conversation. Food poor in quality. Bartender not interested in being a good host. Just pass this place by.
Went here to celebrate an event with a group of about 15 people.  I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised!  For some reason. I thought this place would have an atmosphere that was a bit on the hoity toity side (not sure that's a real word..lol). Anyway, I was wrong.  While the restaurant itself is very nice, but the atmosphere felt very casual..which I really like.  

The service was excellent - especially given the large group I was with.  We asked to split bills and the waitress was so pleasant about everything. I ordered and appetizer, which was the sliders with fries.  My only slight complaint is that while the price was good, the "sliders" was a slider....it was more funny than anything but it was tasty.  I will definitely be going back...nice place for a girls night out or dinner with my husband!
I'm visiting from LA and used to nice wine bars...this one was pretty good. Nice ambiance, live soft music, great wine and cheese platter. Decent beet salad.
Great service, delicious food and a very nice outdoor patio to enjoy dinner. As the evening progressed live music was a great attraction. We had the Mac n Cheese (written up in Phoenix Magazine and well-deserved) and the Salmon over Butternut Squash Risotto. Delicious food all-around, served with a light white wine, recommended by the staff. We enjoyed a wonderful dinner and were happy to know that is was right around the corner from our new home in Chandler. We will definitely be back!
This is one of my favorite happy hour spots in Chandler- and trust me, I've tried a lot of places since moving here a year ago. They feature $5 small plates during happy hour and they are GOOD! They also have a great cheese plate. Prices are reasonable, portions are good, and service is excellent.  Happy hour lasts until 6:00pm and is Mon through Sat.
This was our second visit. Everything we've had here has been nothing short of amazing!  Tonight I had the salmon over a butternut squash that was rich and brimming with flavor.  My wife had the salmon cake salad that was light, delicious with a bit of kick.  The french fries are perhaps best I've ever had. And the wine selection is huge. had a bottle of Evolution, a blend from Oregon that was crisp, fruity and smooth.  Definitely recommend the wine flights ; last visit had a fantastic red flight.  Honestly best restaurant we've found in 7 years of living in Chandler.
We visited D'Vine Bistro for the first time last Friday night, the hostess was very sweet but our server was just plain rude. I told her we were going to switch to the patio (in hopes of ditching her and getting another server, plus it was freezing inside) but we had no such luck, apparently she was handling the patio as well... 

I ordered a white sangria - which wasn't on the menu but according to the server was an option. When it came it was undrinkable - very bitter. I apologetically told her that I couldn't drink it and would instead like to order a bottle of wine (which was great for D'Vine since they make a ton more money off of a bottle than one glass of sangria). When she brought the bottle, it was warm. I told her that the wine was warm, so she came back with a glass of ice... So we were stuck with a bottle of warm, white wine and some ice cubes. 

The food was ok - my fish tacos were good and the burger that my fiance ordered was mediocre. Nothing to write home about. 

The kicker came when she brought us our bill ($130 for two - which is fine) but under the sub total - in the section that said "name" she had named us "POOP" and then half scribbled it out so that we could still read it. When I asked her why she would name us "POOP"  her answer was that the owner doesn't like comping anything and since I sent back the bitter sangria he put "POOP" under our name... 

So, moral of the story - if you want to get terrible service, mediocre food, and warm wine, then get insulted on top of that, D'Vine Bistro and Wine Bar is the place to go. We will certainly never be back.
Decent food but rushed service. Even at  about $25pp, the wait staff was unwilling to talk long enough to explain menu options!
I love this place.  The patio is my favorite.  I recommend the appetizers.  They are all very amazing.  The hummus is my personal fave.  Get the Creme Brulee for dessert..  Wine tastings are fun here, too.
We had a guest from out of town and went for dinner.  What a delight.  We decided to share all dishes order on the table instead of each ordering an individual meal.  Great food and service.
Started with Bruschetta: (Brie, artichoke, salmon), Tapas: Salmon, Calamari, Tomato and Chorizo and shared the black and blue salad.  PERFECT evening.

Cant wait to go back!
I got to eat at this place for the first time for Valentines day.  A complete surprise and it was great!  First off, when you walked into the door they handed every female a rose.  
Due to it being a "special event" they had a limited meal selection (that sounded super delicious) that you got to select one appetizer, one salad, a main course and a desert per person for one price (which was around $60 a person for special occasion).  I selected the sausage appetizer, greek salad, steak meal and cheese cake.  Literally EVERYTHING was delicious!  I would definitely recommend for the future.  The wine choices were grand as well.  They had so many selections, I was very happy. 

I was told by many people that the pricing for normally eating there is not as expensive but it was worth it to me.
I love love love this little wine bar.  It is tucked away in Chandler and it is more than just wine.  

I went there for New Year's Eve and the menu was great.  Total side note...whoever compiled the music list for that night did a great job.  You never get to hear old school R&B and we were singing the whole night.  

There were so many different things to try and taste on the menu.   The wine is top notch and they go out of their way to help you pick downton you'd like if you are not sure.
We just picked this place out of an Entertainment coupon book. Yes, we just went to some place because we had a coupon. Trashy, I know. But something good came of it. 

(I also found a Siena Bistro coupon on restaurantdotcom: http://www.restaurant.com/microsite.asp?rid=317919&mcn=00013609) 

So we had trouble finding this place because I'm a retard and I didn't know it was on a golf course in a residential area. And the building is kind of inconspicuous. I mean its not camo'ed or anything, but there's no obvious signage. Anyways its part of the clubhouse. 

When we got in, some guy was just like, "you can sit where ever" so we sat by the windows. We got a nice view of part of the golf course and some waterscaping. Yo man, it was like the National Geographic up in that place. We saw humming birds, ducks, and a heron. A motherf'ing heron! Our waitress said there used to be wild horses, too. My ass. 

The dinner menu we ordered from was surprisingly short. But looking at the menu online there's more of a selection. Did all four of us miss two whole pages of items? wtf, mate? 

Our waitress was really effervescent. She said she worked there because the food was so good. But I dunno if I belee dat because she was super skinny. 

Anyways, my mom asked for some recommendations on a wine. After she ordered, the waitress brought her a taste of something else before giving her the wine she ordered. Nice hard sell, lady. 

She dropped a basket of dinner rolls. They were really tastey, but hello ghetto. They were covered with what looked like a slice of melted parmesan cheese. Yeah ... But they were good. Shoot, I had two. Apparently they only serve bread on Wednesday and Thursday nights because those are the only night they're open late, 9p (psh). Otherwise they stay open to 7p. They open at 530a. 

Hard-sell waitress also convinced me to get the Toasted Pecan Salmon Steak Salad ($10) over the scallop salad and she told my aunty to get the pesto because its "swear to God, the best" she's had. I don't know if she was convincing or if we're easy. 

I asked her to ask the kitchen to undercook my salmon and the temperature was actually perfect. 

Mom got the Chicken Angelo ($15), a really good dish. It looks like spaghetti but its spaghetti squash with other veggies. I would've got that dish, sans the chicken, but its a big honkin' chunk a chicken. 

My aunty got the Chicken Pesto Orecchiette ($12) which was pretty good. It was a creamy pesto. I don't know. Pesto is pretty hard to eff up. Saying you have the best pesto is like saying you have the best rice. Yay. 

My cousin got the Surf and Turf ($25). One of the other waiters was like, really excited for him. Are these people new? Or does their employer just take really good care of them? I do need a new job ... Anyways. My cousin said it was alright. The surf part was prawns (looked like scrimp to me). 

For dinner my cousin got the ecalir. According to the menu, "The Best Eclair Ever." If its says in print its the best, you better bring it. Cousin said it was a'ight. Maybe it was the biggest eclair ever ... 

My aunty got the Bananas Foster, which was made "traditionally" where they light it on fire and let the flame cook off some of the rum. Presentation was nice. A scoop of butter pecan ice cream sits in a Florentine cup made of caramel and almonds. All in a rum caramel sauce (really rummy! Hello, DUI) with sliced bananas and candied pecans. 

Mom got Cajun Fire-Flashed Strawberries. Whole strawberries in a lightly spiced caramel sauce, with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. Okay, this was weird to me. The spice was just enough to make me think I was allergic to strawberries. Weird. 

We got there at 6 and didn't leave til 8. Service or the kitchen was slow and we were only one of two parties there. There was another server working, meaning we were our server's only party. There must've been something fun going on in the kitchen. 

But we got to watch the sun go down and we could almost see the whole strip. 

The whole vibe I got was we were paying more for ambiance than the value of the food. But the portions were perfect for me. And with three glasses of wine, three drinks, four entrrees, and three desserts, the whole bill was only $124 before discount and the tip. Really reasonable. 

I would totally bring my grandma, aunty, and mom here again. I would never bring my friends here. 

* off the strip, non-casino
It's almost the end of the month and we're trying to use up those Entertainment Book coupons.  The 2008 version has three coupons for Siena Bistro and we've been meaning to check out their menu.  Last night provided the perfect opportunity.

It's a bit tricky getting there, thank goodness for the Magellan!  But when you do finally drive up to this place, you'll feel so far away from the busy lifestyle of Las Vegas because after all, it is located on a golf course.

We did a quick check of the menu to make sure there was something we both liked and immediately found a few choices that stood out.  The waiter told us to sit wherever we liked, and the Big F was immediately drawn outside to the fireplace.  After initially seating at one of the inside tables, the waitress asked if we wanted to sit outside since she noticed the Big F had taken a peek.  

As we chose our table closest to the fireplace, the waitress quickly set up our table and brought a candle out.  We almost had the outside seating all to ourselves this evening, which was nice.  (The other couple that did sit outside were so engrossed in themselves that it still felt like it was just us!)

The menu had  a nice variety of choices, without being overly expensive either.  After we made our choices, the waitress asked if we wanted any bread and butter, which we immediately said yes to.

The bread took awhile, and we were starving.  But it came out warm - crusty cheese bread rolls with melted Parmesan that were pretty grub.  We each had two and asked for more!

Our entrees were soon to arrive.  We shared: 

* Peppered New York Steak ($19) "12 oz 5 blended peppercorn marinated bone-in New York steak, caramelized onions,  melted bleu cheese crumble, Garlic whipped potatoes, chef's vegetables, and drizzled with a delicate demi-glace."  This dish not only looked great, but had so many complementing flavors going on.  The crispiness of the fried onions, the sweetness from the caramelized red onions, the bold taste of the melted bleu cheese, the creaminess of the mashed potatoes, and a pretty tasty piece of beef with peppercorns hidden throughout the meal.  The asparagus and carrots also added to this dish.  I was pretty impressed with this order.

* T-Bone Lamb Chops ($18) "2 pan seared 4 oz T-bone lamb chops served with an herb roasted tomato, and white beans."  I think I was so focused on the lamb chops part that I missed the 't-bone' part on the menu.  (They also have Lollipop Lamb Chops on the menu too.)  So, I was a bit more surprised when my order came out.  Two chops sat on a bed of white beans with two herb-stuffed Roma tomatoes resting alongside.  The chops were good, but missed something.  It helped with the sweetness of the tomatoes, but I think the white bean concoction drowned out the dish.  It reminded me more of a cassoulet because of the white beans.  I thought the beans were going to be more of a side dish than resting on the whole plate. 

Service was decent, considering they were quite busy and we sat outside.  A lot of older people dine here, perhaps because of its location?  We wondered what it would be like during the day so you could check out the view which I'm sure would be gorgeous.

Overall, we were surprisingly pleased.  We saw a few other dishes on our way out and it looked pretty good.  We're still trying to find a way to squeeze in another meal there before our coupon expires.

3.5 stars.

(Pics of our dinner are posted!)
Discovered Siena Bistro last spring. It's been a favorite for breakfast ever since. It's lovely to sit outside and enjoy the view and peacefulness.

The frittata and eggs carbonara are great. Service has always been attentive. 

It's really a great value.
This restaurant is located in the Tuscan-styled club house and overlooks the beautiful golf course.  We both ordered a short stack of strawberry filled pancakes which were very light and delicious.  I used a 50% off a second entre coupon from the citycoops website.
My mother lives in this community, so I've eaten here a bunch of times.  This time was no different.  The food is solid, not spectacular, and the service is predictably bad.  

Details of this last Sunday lunch:  
Ambiance:  Beautiful views of water, ducks, golf course and mountains.  Nice, bright interior.  Comfortable chairs.  A good place for breakfast, lunch or brunch.  

Service:  Server showed little/no personality, but that's not her job.  She was quick on the water (my glass was soapy) at first, but never stopped by to refill a single drink during the entire meal.  She really fell apart as the meal went along.  Before I discuss the food, it took 40 minutes after we ordered to receive our food.  (This is typical of every time I've been here.  DO NOT COME HERE IN A RUSH.)  This is acceptable for a fine dining restaurant, but not a cafe-style eatery.  

Food:  My salmon/blackberry salad was perfectly prepared and delicious.  My kids grilled chicken caesar was overcooked and completely dried out.  My gf's fish/chips seemed ok.  My other kid got the angus sliders (ordered without cheese).  The homemade potato chips were, and are always excellent. 

Service again:  However, I could see something yellow on my daughter's burgers from across the table and got a closer look.  The chef/cook had prepared them with cheese but someone noticed his mistake.  Instead of remaking them, they tried to pull the melted cheese off the meat and grilled onions (obviously failing).  When I pointed this out to the server and chef, I was asked "you're already getting a discount, what do you want me to do about it?"  This is a direct quote from yesterday.  I had purchased a coupon from restaurant.com (work perk - which rhymes, lol) and she was giving me crap for the coupon.  In the end, the sliders were taken off the ticket.  

This experience is no different than every other time I've been here.  I keep trying because my mother lives in the community and it's convenient and beautiful.  However, nothing has improved here in the three years I've been here (5-7 visits).  Food is 3-star, service is 2-star.  Prices are low, but not low enough for the frustration of every single visit.
I've been to this restaurant 4 times now; all four times for dinner. It's a small, cozy, unimposing place. Service is relatively fast and very friendly - although all the times that I've been, the restaurant was not busy. 

They have a good selection of fish dishes which I'm a huge fan of. Their burgers are mediocre, but then again, I'm not really a burger person. Their stir-fry is pretty good, be-it on the sweet side, but they definitely don't skimp on veggies or toppings. 

I highly recommend getting something off their specials board. It's usually full of creative foods that have lots of season ingredients and this, from my experience, usually means a more flavorful meal. 

Marbles is a solid choice if you're looking for a casual meal with good service under 20/pp.
I don't know why people say this place has good service. The food always takes ages to come, e.g. waiting upwards of an hour for a lunchtime salad and soup. The last time I was there I had a salad adorned with recently thawed pre-shredded cheese. Um, no thanks.
I ordered pasta and was very disappointed. The cream sauce was lumpy and very heavy; the salad tasted as if it had been sitting in a poorly cooled fridge all day. Considering the place was only half full and I was at  a table by myself, my food took a very long time to arrive.
Potato chip pickerel = YUM!!
Good service - fast
The atmosphere is great, the food is too great and the servers are so nice. Super recommended.
Just returned from a work lunch here and had a lovely time.  There was a good variety of lunches available and a the portions were generous.   The service was excellent - there were quite a few work parties at the same time as ours and we were treated to speedy and friendly service.    
I had a salad with goat cheese and an incredible apple/raspberry crisp for dessert.
Would definitiely go back there.
I've been to Marbles a few times now. Their food on the menu is decent. They also have specials listed on the chalkboard which I appreciate since sometimes you want to try something new. What I really like coming to Marbles for is the dessert. Every time I've been here they have had apple crisp prepared with a seasonal twist. I have had the apple strawberry crisp a few times and it is very good. The size is pretty large and perfect for sharing. Not your cup of tea? They also have other tasty looking desserts on the specials board.
Remember in the movie Hook when Toodles kept babbling about how he'd lost his marbles? Well this is where they ended up and no unfortunately it's not Never Never Land. Marbles is hidden away just off of King Street in uptown Waterloo in lovely building. It's definitely a place that peaks a person's interest as you drive bay with its old industrial brick architecture and quaint patio out front. Unfortunately the exterior is a lot more appealing than the interior. The interior is nice but could benefit from a few aesthetic improvements but it does feature a plexiglas top bar with, you guessed it, marbles underneath. Service was good with attentive wait-staff that were knowledgeable about both the food and drink menu.

Anyways onto the food! The menu offers a nice selection without suffering from being too expensive and includes a decent gluten-free section if that's a concern for you. That being said if you plan on ordering a main expect to pay a little bit above your average restaurant price at around $18. Myself being poor and decided to go with the sandwich/burger part of the menu and as a fan of lamb had the lamb burger which was quite good complimented by goats cheese and a cranberry or raspberry sauce. My companion enjoyed some ratatouille which was not spectacular but had a home cooked feel to it and was still enjoyable. 

My over-all opinion of the restaurant is that it's a visually appealing place with a cozy vibe and a decent menu. Personally I feel like I'd only come back here for lunch or for a few drinks with a special lady or my mates. Going forward I will try to make use of the patio as much as possible.
I remember growing up when this place was called the Phoenix and was a roller blading rink.  Though it's a nightclub now, it also has a restaurant which serves pretty decent food.  I was with a group with one guy who comes by frequently for dinner.  Given that it is normally a nightclub it was unexpectedly good.  

The meal came to $22 including tip for myself.  I had the pad thai with the serving size of about almost 2 baseballs which was pretty good.  I liked the level of spice but from experience I know that a lot of people might find it a bit too spicy.  It was decent and I liked their take on it - with just chicken and tofu. The entrees in general range from $15-30 and others ordered and were pretty pleased with tempura halibut with an accompanying sweet and sour sauce and pizzas that appeared reasonably large.   

The ambiance was pretty good with the music getting louder though not too loud as the night went on.  The nice thing about this location is that the parking lot is massive if you're coming for dinner and you don't have to worry about parking.  I'd definitely feel comfortable in recommending it.
I have to say the food at the Flying dog was incredible however the atmosphere was a little off...but I am considering the fact that this place is considered a night club and we arrived for dinner at 7:00pm so I suppose that was a little early. We were not overly thrilled with the seating as we had called in advance to reserve a booth and it was a velvet wrapped cushion that seemed to have pillow soft filling so your bottom simply sinks right down the the wood. I can honestly say it was the most uncomfortable I've ever been in a restaurant but when the food came out it was Amazing, I forgot about the painful seating entirely. They had a special meal offered when we were there for Perogies and they were quite possibly the best thing I have ever eaten. We also had French Onion Soup to start which was delicious and someone at the table had a Tempura Halibut which was also amazing. The server was extremely nice and efficient. All in All I would recommend The Flying Dog and I will definitely go back again.
I have been a regular at The Dog for a few years; since I moved to the neighbourhood.  It is pretty much the closest restaurant to where I live.  The other night is the first time I have been there since joining Yelp, so I thought I better do a review.

We went with another couple and sat in a large booth in the front section, which was quite comfortable and the atmosphere was nice.  I must admit that my visitations are in a bit of a rut ... Wednesday is half-price pasta night!  And as usual, the four of us had pasta.  I have been there on other nights and tried other dishes, but I keep coming back for the pasta, which I think makes me a cheapskate.  (but I do tip based on the full price.)  The place is huge so I never need a reservation for an early arrival (6:00ish).

The pastas come in two sizes - appetizer and entree for $9 and $17, respectively. There are 5 pastas to choose from. I had the pepper steak fusilli, and my 3 companions all had the chicken bonconcinni. Offerings change occasionally, but there is also usually a sea-food,  a PadThai and another.

The portions are generous and I have never been disappointed.  The drinks are a bit expensive (wine $9 a glass, beer $8) but factor in the complementary  bread (always 4 different styles, all wonderful) and the half-price pasta, and Wednesday is a very economical evening out.

Desserts, should you have room, are somewhat of a disappointment, with cheesecake being over-represented.  But for a special occasion, they have a chocolate souffle for 2, made to order that is spectacular.  (Ordering it requires 30 minutes, so plan well in advance.)
I had been wanting to try out Two Thin Laddies for a while. I used to pass this cafe bistro every day, and I would glance at their appealing looking cafe (bright attractive yellow on the outside, warm timbered interior) along with its entertaining menu.

Eventually I persuaded myself to stop and go inside. Unfortunately I was a little let down. In a nutshell the coffee and cake were neither very nice, and I wasn't very happy with the price I paid for them.

Having said that, the atmosphere of the place lived up to my expectations. All wood furniture and natural materials give this place an arboreous atmosphere. The natural browns couple with the decorative fairy lights give the place a cosy atmosphere. Furthermore I was happy with the friendly smiley staff.

Of course everywhere has its bad days and reviewers and critics often don't keep this mind. Perhaps I should give this place another try.
It took me a while to find this place, but I am pleased that I finally have as it is definitely worth a visit.  Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Two Thin Laddies is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is convenient place to reach.

The Two Thin Laddies is a sophisticated bistro which serves breakfasts, as well as lunch and dinner. Their menu is fairly traditional serving meals such as baked potatoes, sandwiches and fish and chips.

I came here for afternoon tea and they offer a very tempting and mouth watering selection of home made cakes and short breads. I had their fruit scone which was really delicious - it had lots of fruit pieces in it and it was very moist - yum!

The staff are really friendly and welcoming, although the service can be quite slow when it gets busy. The Two Thin Laddies also have a children's menu available and there is a good selection of vegetarian meals on the menu. The meals are really well priced and the portion sizes are huge so you definitely get the most for your money.
Located on Tollcross, Two Thin Laddies is a bit of a disappointment. Maybe my experience of it was like when you go see a film that's been ranted and raved about so much that you're expecting cordon bleu and you get a glorified greasy spoon, or in cinema terms, you're expecting Scorsese and you get Love, Actually. That's not to mean it's not satisfying, but I came out with a very disappointing taste in my mouth.

I went out of my way to go there for breakfast because I had to wait a couple of hours before being attended at the GUM clinic. My main disappointment was that if you go somewhere for breakfast and order a poached egg, you kind of expect it to actually be poached and not just cracked and boiled and overdone in water. But my egg was definitely the latter. On a redeeming note, the person I went there with said the sausages were actually quite good, and I'm guessing, not overdone. 

This isn't to say that Two Thin Laddies is terrible. It does decent food, but when somewhere's been talked up so much, it'll almost inevitably be a disappoint. I may as well have paid less and gone to Snax that morning.
I really have to stop and think why I give this cafe four stars and not five...and it's damned hard to put my finger on it!

The cafe reeks of "local" - the serving area is small but open and reveals fresh preparation; the cafe area is larger and has an almost ethnic hippy vibe.  The food has caught the same feel, with an always-tasty combination of Scottish favourites and Spanish imports, but also the possibility of a perfectly respectable salad.

The portions are always quite large and good value, the atmosphere somewhere between student, art crowd, grassroots and ...business lunch?  It's indefinable until.... until I realise that it's got what so many other places lack:  true character.  Not painted onto the walls, not franchised culture, but true, locals-eat-and-meet here comfortableness.

And a cafe that knows what is, is proud of what it is, and that does it so well, should get five stars, shouldn't it?
Two Thin Laddies keeps it simple. Not sure what the range is for lunch as I visited at breakfast, so assuming the plates of cheese out in the cabinet are not the only items on offer. Not even a veggie sausage on their breakfast menu. They keep it real. 

But, what I did like about TTL is the bagel I had for breakfast this morning. Oddly, they allow you to pick your own roll of choice. That did confuse me a little. The bagel I chose was seeded, and felt nothing like a bagel. It was light and turned out to be much lighter a bite than the bagels you find at your local supermarket, or other cafes for that matter. It's expanded my bagel mind, man. I've had boiled bagels from Brick Lane, and New York style bagels, but these bready versions were entirely new to me, and I liked it. Still fills you up, but with a less stodgy consistency. A bit like an armadillo when toasted (geddit? Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside!)

I liked the portion control here as well - cream cheese not oozing out in gargantuan proportions, with a reasonable amount of salmon. So many times, you get a ration of 75% cheese to 25% salmon - too much for my liking, so TTL gets a tick from me here. Closing out with a brownie (still to try), I left feeling satisfied. Next time I have a hospital trip, I'll be factoring in a wee breakfast visit to TTL again.
I can't work out if the name is ironic, or just a cute play on 'two fat ladies' (of which there is a restaurant in Glasgow coincidentally). Ironic due to the fact that if I were a regular here I certainly wouldn't be a thin lassie.

Not that the food is unhealthy per se. It all just looks too delicious, and I have heard that they do have some amazing comfort food type dishes such as the mac & cheese.

Situated at the actual cross part of Tollcross, it's tucked up a wee bit from the main streets but you can't miss the bright yellow shop front sitting on the corner. With a few chairs outside, and more room than you'd first think inside it'd be great for a summer's afternoon or a cold winter's morning.

The cheese scones are legendary. They even proudly proclaim it on a wee note. But when Caitlin N invited me for coffee here, she also happened to mention the cheese scone. The muffin flavours sounded very tempting too - cranberry and seeds I think? A small but impressive deli counter looks like it could whip up any sandwich filling you could so wish, and with some home-made dishes like the aforementioned mac and cheese there's something here to please everyone, from teas and coffees,cakes and pastries, to sandwiches and full on lunch-time meals.

I only got to try a tea but plan to come back soon to try one of their sandwiches, and maybe a muffin (Greg D sounds very impressed by it and I trust his judgement of sweet stuffs!) The staff behind the counter were also really friendly when I went in, always a plus.

Next time I'm in I'll need to ask what inspired the name too...but whether they're thin or not, they're definitely two happy laddies.
I could write two reviews for this caf. I went there loads of times, living next door for all those years...

My first review would be on a school day: light breakfast menu during the week, it's more a place where you'd go for a long lunch break. Nice specials always on the menu. I has a mighty beef lasagne there once. There's always a selection of homemade muffins and cakes to accompany the lot, too.

My other review would talk about the weekends. The cooked breakfast is absolutely awesome. The bacon and sausages are excellent quality, and it comes with tomato, beans, eggs, mushrooms and toast... no black pudding, with is definitely a brownie point for me as I hate the thing ;-)

If you live in Tollcross, this is definitely the place to be on a Sunday morning after partying hard for a solid breakfast, and definitely the place to be on a Sunday afternoon for a nice cuppa before heading home. Maybe after a smoothie at Hula's?
This place used to be right near my first place in Edinburgh. So naturally, I used to hang out here loads. Only until I moved away I stopped frequenting the place, plus, I noticed the service was starting to go downhill. 

I went back for old times sake last week and noticed that the service was very poor. I felt like I was waiting forever for a cup of tea, and our breakfasts took ages. We only ordered yogurt w/fruit and a toasted bagel. Normally, that shouldn't take a really long time, we must have waited a 20 minutes for our tea alone.

 Plus, it was extremely drafty. The front door was WIDE open and everyone in the cafe had their coats left on. You would think that the staff would keep the heat in for their customers? 

Besides that, the food is quite good! There's all day breakfast on weekends, and there's always newspapers to pick up and read. :)
The excellent roasted vegetable soup was the highlight of our visit to Two Thin Laddies. It really was profoundly satisfying. The place is quirky, too, so I can see myself popping back, from time to time.

Overall, we said: "Two Thin Laddies served us pretty nicely. The soup was really good, while the main courses were decent. I'd happily come back, though I may favour it as a soup stop, solely. For generously portioned, healthy fare, it seemed like a reliable place, to me."
I seem to have had mixed experiences at Two Thin Laddies.  
My past experiences were pretty good, although the service was a bit sloppy I found.  I particularly enjoyed their shared tapa-style platters.
I went again yesterday for coffee and I have to say that I didn't have the best customer experience.  My coffee was one of the worst coffees I've had in a long time and the waitress was really annoying.  She wouldn't let my friend get up to go and see the selection of cakes and pastries and ended up coming back with the wrong item!
Hit or miss it seems.  Sort it out Two Thin Laddies, you have a fab location!
Not bad but nothing special. Very friendly staff.
Had bacon and eggs.
Only food I have eaten here has been the "all day breakfast" at the weekend but that has been excellent! The only negative is the toast, it's a little but underdone for my taste but it does come buttered so you are not faffing about with butter/spread portions lol.
The service can be a bit slow at times but all the food is freshly prepared to order so it's not too big an issue...however, the staff are polite and friendly and do bother to come back and ask if everything is okay after you have started (without leaving it too late).
Unfortunately I have not had good experiences at Two Thin Laddies. I have been here several times for both food and coffee. Just the other day I stopped in for a mocha for takeaway and it was the worst coffee I've had in a long time. The service wasn't good (I was standing at the counter without any acknowledgement from the staff and then he didn't know how to make the mocha once I'd ordered). The food is basic and has no presentation to it at all. Even though it is handily open early in the morning I'll be skipping it from now on. Its a shame because I had heard good things about it in the past.
I recently went back to Two Thin Laddies and discovered they had changed owners.  Unfortunately not for the best.  The coffee, which was already bad, is even worse than before; the food is bland, of poor quality, and the service slow and rude.  I don't understand how they can expect to run a successful business with such low standards.  In any case, I sure won't go back.  There are plenty better cafes in the area!
Average. Spurred on by all the trip advisor reviews on the wall I opted for the all day breakfast. It was 6.50 so wasn't expecting the best ever but was a bit disappointed by the quality of the sausages and bacon. Good toast and scrambled eggs balanced it out a bit.

Still, it was ok. Nothing special. Service was nice and the place itself is a good size and in a handy location. I'd give it another go but probably opt for something out with the breakfast options.
As with other branches of the chain I've patronised this does what it says on the tin  large portions for a decent price along with a fairly sensibly priced bar. The service was very good too.
Where it seems to be missing a trick though, given it's location & the views to Fife, is not having a beer garden. Given its location there could be concerns about the clientele it might attract with that but it still seems worth a try.
If rock hard burned yet miraculously Undercooked potatoes, end cuts of a roast and ice cold veg is your thing then by all means waste your money and time sitting waiting 15 mins for your drink, and standing in queues for 20 mins when there's no servers at the hotplate. Honestly it'd take less effort and money to cook your own meal and you have more chance of it being hot too.
Lucky my friend had a car and decided to eat here before our Cramond Beach walk.  This is my first time in a Toby Carvery ever.  

The location near the beach and the fact that it is a huge family gathering style eatery makes it perfect for a family gathering and a nice walk at the beach to let the children run wild and burn some fat.  

I have the barbecue chicken wings to start off.  Smothered in barbecue sauce, the wings were average and accompanied by a yogurt style dip.  We then proceeded to get the main roasts.  There was a queue but soon it was our turn.  I was a bit disappointed with the portion of the meat.  You get 4 to choose from - gammon, pork, beef & turkey.  You can either choose all 4 or choose a selection.  I chose everything except turkey.  The pork was dry but the other 2 were just OK.  

Funnily enough I wasn't given extra of another since I opted out of the turkey.  My friend chose 2 so she got 2 miserable thin slices only.  You can take as much of the other extra as you want.  They consist of yorkshire pudding, pork crackling, stuffing, brocolli and cheese, mash, potatoes, peas, parsnips, carrots and a few more others.  They looked like they have been mass prepared so lack of quality.  Gravy station consists of beef, vegetarian option and another.  Horseradish sauce was the best amongst the sauces.

Waitresses were very friendly and helpful though.  Everyone working there were always smiling and no attitude.  

Unfortunately, food is just average and just enough to make my stomach happy.  Nothing special to be honest.  Off to the beach to burn some fat!
If the food wasn't so cheesy (i mean literally) I would rate it 4.5 but then again, i don't really have the option anyways, ;-) 

Great little town next to Madison - my boyfriend n I were on road trip and didn't wanna eat @ any chains - so we took the map of Madison area and threw a dart @ it. It landed on Middleton and so did we... 

Bavaria Cafe is nicely decorated and have some yummy cakes and pastries you must try to believe. We got chicken quesdillas and it was more cheese then chicken/vegs. Not a fan of that - I stuck to the carrot cake and let my bf finish the quesadilla. He has no complaints. 

Corona for $3.25! Also try the spotted cow. ;-)
Went to the Bavaria this morning for breakfast...it's pretty much your local family restaurant...complete with flowery booths and more than a handful of "regulars". The only thing I didn't like was the fact that my waitress seemed in a rush to get my order. She asked me if I wanted coffee before I even got my butt in the chair(I DID look tired...), and came back with a cup in 30 seconds...and wanted my order. I asked for a minute, and that's what she gave me. Feeling rushed(I was torn between the blintzes and the eggs Benedict), I went for the blintzes. They were quite good(better than the coffee which was nothing better than tolerable). Really, two could have split one order. 

I'd go again, but I guess I should have my order on-hand.
Sofra offers a mix of American and Mediterranean cuisine. I visited around 1pm on a Tuesday. The place was nearly full, and we were seated promptly. The interior is comfortable--and interesting mix of cusual and upscale decor. The waitservice was very professional. I ordered a Turkey Avocado Sandwich. It arrived promptly and tasted good. The menu is quite extensive and there is a good selection of daily specials.
2's little harsh, it's more like 2.5.

I smelled bleach as soon as I sat down at a booth near restroom. But that was only a warning sign.
While my friends seemed to enjoy their omelet and benedict for brunch, my so-called Belgian Waffle suffered from a serious identity crisis. I want to know what was Belgian Waffle about it. 

What I got was a pale colored, flavorless slab with out-of can syrup/juice immersed soggy mess. Wow, really. How could you do that to a plate of waffle?

The service was ok. Pleasant, but without a charm.
The place gets busier with after-church crowd on Sunday. So timing is a key.
It was soooo much better before they changed the name! Way to pricey now for what you get. Menu turned more upscale. The old Bavarian was a much better place.
Really good for lunch! The tortilla soup was good, and I had a delicious salad with lamb and beef sausage. Quick, friendly service too!
Could have been one of the worst meals we have had in ten years. I got the baked cod with roasted potatoes. The fish was a perfectly shaped rectangle that tasted like cardboard.  Had to have been from a box.  Also, still wondering how to make roasted potatoes tasteless, but they did it.  
My mom didn't even finish her bowl of soup, and it was all she ordered.  It was my second visit, and deinitely my last.  Don't waste your money here.
If you want to get away from the chain store restaurants that dominate in this area and try some excellent Mediterranean food for dinner, this is the place. As long as you aren't looking for fine dining. 

Run by an Albanian native, Sofra has an eclectic menu. We went all Mediterranean, and loved it. 

First the wine list: Three or four dozen wines, good choices from all over the world, with only one priced over $30. Great start. Once we understood the owner's background, we decided to go all appetizers. We had calamari, hummus, olives, and dolma for a light dinner. The servings were all large, accompanied by plenty of pita bread. The olives were good, the calamari was predictable, the hummus was delightful. 

The dolma: Absolutely delicious. The best I've ever had. They were cooked well so the grape leaves were nice and tender. The rice and feta combination inside was just right. Then the yoghurt/dill/oil sauce made them outstanding, with a hint of tartness and a burst of flavor with each bite. Nothing dull about them. They were memorable, enough so that I'll make an effort to go to Sofra's when in the area just to have the dolma again. 

The decor matches the menu - a bit of everything. Service was good. This isn't a white table cloth restaurant. It's a fun place with some outstanding Mediterranean food.
I had brunch there last weekend and was in food heaven. I have a rule that I never order any dish that I can make myself, so I immediately gravitated to the Albanian sausage dishes. After all, where else in Dane County can you get Albanian sausage. I asked if the could add it to the Mediterranean Scrambler since my husband was getting the skillet and the waitress was very accommodating. It was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! If you love sausage, this stuff will blow your mind. The copious amounts of fresh veggies didn't hurt either. With the included toast, it was really filling and a great value.

Filling or not - this brunch so we had to have dessert:) We topped our already glorious meal off with their Black Cherry Crepes. They have this soft cream cheese filling in them that is just amazing. I ate as slowly as I could because I didn't want it to end.

I know others have complained about some of the other dishes, but reviews I read on other sites talked about how great it was. I guess it's all about your personal taste. I just wish the ENTIRE menu was Albanian so that there was more unique stuff to choose from. My husband and I were both thrilled and can't wait to try some of their Albanian dinners. 

For anyone interested in their brunch, it's served Saturday and Sunday and was pretty busy, but the place is big, so I didn't see anyone wait for a table longer than a few minutes.
Sofra isn't awful but it isn't fantastic either. I got a sub-par breakfast but would like to try some of their lunch or dinner options before completely writing it off.
Delicious food and friendly service! The vegetarian platter is delicious with fresh pita, roasted veggies, home made hummus, vegetarian Dolmades and goat cheese! 2nd time here and love it!
The vegetable plate, albeit kind of expensive, is absolutely delicious and highly recommended.

I can't speak much for the rest of the menu. I ordered the Salad Nicoise and thought, hmm, I can make a much better salad dressing at home, with olive oil and lemon juice - so I took the rest home with me. With thoughts like that, why bother to go out and eat?
You have to try this place!  I am a fan!  The food is terrific and service is outstanding!! 

Driving around after some plans fell through I let my stomach be my guide and wound up here.  As I sat down a woman who I assume is the owner greeted me and made me feel very welcome which was nice because I felt a little out of place going to a restaurant on a friday night alone.  My waitress was also very nice and very genuine.  

I ordered the Mediterranean White fish which came in a tomato based sauce that I can not stop thinking about!  Forgot to mention that I started off with a tortilla soup which was surprisingly good for a restaurant that wasnt a Mexican restaurant.  I went for the gusto and ordered a coconut pie for desert with a dessert wine which was a mix of 3 reds and some cocoa.  No complaints!! Everything was amazing!  

I went back a couple of days later and tried the rotisserie chicken with rice and grilled veggies.  Again no complaints.  Amazing!!  That meal started with Albanian soup that was great.  

I love this place and cant wait to take the man.  The portions are huge and the plates are filling.
Stopped by for Balkan Night a few weeks ago, which was a special event, so I can't really comment on the everyday Sofra experience-- but Balkan Night was really a blast. Live music, dancing, and everyone from the owners to the waitstaff to the customers all were having a fantastic time.
I was on vacation in Middleton this week  and my friend that lives there and I were looking for something different to have for lunch. Sofra looked nice from the outside so we tried it.

I believe the place was recently redecorated because another customer remarked on the removal of some tables and placement of some booths making the place look spacious. I really liked the decor--bright and modern with a fresh look. We were a little late so missed a lunch crowd if they did have one. The place had three senior citizens eating alone reading the paper. It seemed like the type of place they frequent. I mentioned to my friend these three seniors should have sat together and made a party of it...

My friend and I both had the Gyro ~ Savory gyros meat, sliced thin and served with onions, tomatoes, cucumber sauce and feta cheese on a grilled pita. Mine with french fries (hey, i'm on vacation and calories don't count!) and she had the chicken noodle soup. Sandwich was very good and very filling. I especially liked the cucumber sauce that was on the side for us to put as much on as we liked. My fries were really good but my guess is that they were frozen--the type that are dipped in something to make them crispier. I liked them but they weren't like fresh cut fries. My friends soup looked OK--she really liked it. The soup had large chunks of carrot and celery in a clear broth. it reminded me of something you might find at a cafeteria. Not out of this world but good and hearty.

All in all, I would recommend Sofra but not highly recommend. Staff was very friendly and efficient, prices were reasonable and food was good. Not the sort of place you would go to if you are looking for a special place to eat but yes, it was good and filling.
The atmosphere and food were fantastic.  The red pepper dip was out of this world.  The presentation and flavor were exceptional.  

You're not getting a chain restaurant dining experience when you come here.  You're getting a home cooking family flavor in a modern bistro dining experience.  

The price also can't be beat.
Albanian Qebap with wedding soup (fridays for the soup) and a Capital Amber...

At almost every place we go, i will try something different each time (*if we go back) to round out my experience and try to find something i really like... I don't think i can move past this one the menu; it's really that good.

It was also great to see our server really enjoying that we were loving the food too
This was our first time trying Sofra and I have to say it was a huge hit. We were seated immediately, even on a busy Friday night, and our server was prompt and attentive. The menu was short but tantalizing; I wanted to try nearly every item and our server's descriptions of the few we had narrowed it down to made it even more difficult to choose!

My husband had the Albanian Qebap platter and he thought it was out of this world delicious. Fantastic especially for meatlovers. I had the chicken medeira plate and it was mouthwateringly delicious. 

We had the best service we have had in a long time -- even though our server was new (only been there a week) and was quite busy, he took the time to make conversation with us, check in regularly, and go above and beyond our expectations. 

The only reason I am giving this a 4 instead of 5 is because the atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired. Kind of bland ambiance with an awkward host station that had no seating for waiting patrons. Other than that, it was fantastic. We will definitely be back.
This is one place I really miss since moving away from Middleton.  A great variety of Albanian/Greek food. I ate there at least once a week and never had a meal I was disappointed with. They  always had  great, homemade soup choices and interesting specials.
Great customer service and delicious food. Quiet and relaxing atmosphere, friendly staff. Very reasonable prices. Perfect place for a family dinner.
Albanian food -- who knew it was so simple and delicious? 
I was at the Middleton Library and in search of something that was good and would not make me sorry I decided to eat out. 
Albanian sausages.... signs all over saying they were available by the pound..
The best part is their sausages they make by hand and sell for people's tailgating parties wedding etc... 
At first I was going to order a Gyro but then I needed to try a hamburger made form this Albanian suage . So light and delicate lamb/beef mixture but so light and the price was very reasonable for the QUALITY of food.. That is what I was looking for quality. They changed the name and appearance from a German restaurant a few years back and the food was awesome then !  Little did I know they are the same owners who decided to go back to their Albanian roots ! Jazzed up the place as well..  
comfortable contemporary very warm and cozy still. 

THEY MAKE THEIR OWN BAKLAVA!! Delicious coffee I had with it as well...
Delightful little restaurant with amazing service and pretty fantastic French fries. I'd give a higher rating but I only ordered a blt. I'll have to try again.
Just ate at Sofra for the first time in a couple years, I think. It was delicious and the service was as good as I remember. In years past I cannot say the food was more than just average, but the dish I had today was something I will definitely go back for.

At my dining companion's recommendation, I ordered the Albanian Qebap (Sausages) - All-natural, homemade lamb and beef sausages, grilled and served with scrambled eggs and homemade potatoes, skillet style. The sausages had a sweet taste with a hint of something familiar that I could not identify (old age). Normally they are served with fries and Shephard's salad, which my friend had (his usual when he eats here). Great value for the portion. Cost us $15 for lunch after tax/before tip.

Service was very friendly and attentive. It was great sitting out on the sidewalk. We interacted with many neighbors and friendly faces walking by. Cannot wait to go back
We love this place for breakfasts and dinner.  Best item on the menu is the Albanian quebabs, which are huge! They are a beef / lamb mix, so if you are like me and can't enjoy half of what is on a breakfast menu usually it is a great choice,  for dinner, You get six sausages and a ton of fries. You also get soup or salad. We usually order the salad, which isn't too special, but is good. Wednesdays are free sangria nights when you order from the dinner menu.

The only reason I don't give it five stars is because sometimes the service is hit or miss. When it is the owner, they are fantastic, but the past couple of times it has been general waitstaff, one girl was dressed so inappropriately that my husband couldn't even look at her. 

The two outdoor tables do get busy in the summer, and I do find myself wishing there are more.

One thing to mention is don't go in late. We once went at 8:30 and they wouldn't seat us. Annoying, but as we have been back so many other times and enjoyed it, not worries.
The food was good, (I had the gyro). But the reason why it is A-OK was because the waitress abandoned us midway and she just talked to her friends for the last half of our meal.
A wonderful homey aroma as we entered this intimate, casual bistro for a Sat night dinner. I was thrilled at the prices for the large plates offered! We went for the Albanian entrees: Chicken appolonia and Qebap (lamb/beef sauages). The chicken kebabs were so juicy and served with dolmades and a little spinach pie.  The sauages were light if a little salty and came with delicious, crispy french fries sprinkled with feta cheese and  a shepherd's salad - which is vinegar marinated tomatoes/peppers/onions/cucs.  I liked this salad a lot, reminded my of my Mom's cooking.  They have a wide selection of desserts, but I felt like these were not homemade nor traditionally Albanian.  So skip dessert and have an appetizer instead.  They know how to cook their traditional foods for sure.  I will be recommending this delightful little cafe.
My husband and I were looking for something different after shopping in Middleton and stumbled upon Sofra Bistro. We are glad we did. The atmosphere is sweet and the service is good. The menu is interesting; it was nice to have choices that we don't get everywhere else. On the other hand, I am only moderate in my food adventuresomeness, and I was not scared off by the menu choices. Meals come with freshly baked olive bread, which is delicious, and an Albanian-style chicken noodle soup that is a little creamy and has a touch of lemon. I had the beef skewer dinner, and that brought the only negative of the meal: my beef was so tough I couldn't eat it. After spitting three pieces into my napkin and attempting to cut into several more, I gave up. The server was accommodating and offered to bring me something else, but I chose to eat the vegetables, rice, and hummus on my plate and leave it at that. As a result, my meal price was reduced by over half. My husband's lamb chop was delicious. I think I just ordered the wrong thing. We will go back and I will expect to have a delicious meal!
Friends recommended dinner here and we came on Friday night.  It was wonderful!  We had the Mixed Grill Platter for Two.  It had Lamb Chops, Chicken Skewers, Albanian Sausages, Dolma, Hummus, Red potatoes & Fresh zucchini.  The Albanian Sausages are lamb and hamburger made from the family recipe without casings and very tasty. The lamb was excellent.  The zucchini and petite sweet peppers were grilled and wonderful.  All in all, it was a great evening!
Your typical American family diner with all-American food items on the menu, which is just average tasting. Great service and very friendly staff. Booth and table seating available, suitable space for larger groups.
Cute clean and authentic.  Any place with a great breakfast AND mimosas gets 5 stars automatically, but these guys deserve it. The Armenian sausage is wonderful!! (Just hope I don't have to breathe near anyone the rest of the day). The chicken skillet was really good but menu says pulled chicken and it was just nice hearty chunks. If you like spicy, ask for their crushed red pepper, I almost stole the jar! It has to be home made as it was better than any I've had. 

Worth a visit for sure.
Quaint place to meet for coffee or a meal.  I had the Clam Chowder with my Mediterranean Panini.  The soup had chunks of potato, vegetables and some hearty sized clam.  I really enjoyed the panini, it's refreshing to have just a roasted vegetable sandwich.  I did fight the idea of eating it like a normal sandwich(the veges fell out ..all over the place) versus cutting it up..  I did ask for some mayonnaise in case the goat cheese wasn't making the sandwich, uh...wet enough.  I can't explain how I like me sandwiches any better than that.  The server suggested the Roasted Red Pepper Mayonnaise and it was fabulous.  I really didn't need it that much, in fact, it became a dip for the veges that kept falling out- even when cutting it with a knife.  All in all, I'd come back and order these two items again, but I'm ready to try the breakfast!
Fantastic!

I went here on 4/5/14 for lunch with my husband. We had coffee to start, which was delicious. They use their own blend that's locally roasted. It was just what we needed  for a mid-morning pick me up. 

My husband ordered eggs, toast, and their own (delicious) Albanian sausage. He liked his meal a lot, but my meal stole the show. I ordered the Beef Skewers entree which consisted of steak tenderloin medallions seasoned with Mediterranean spices and served on steel skewers. The steak was served with grilled zucchini slices, homemade yogurt-dill sauce, a delicious veggie-rice pilaf, and a side of homemade hummus.

 Where do I begin with my praise? 

First of all, the beef was **tender**, which was my biggest concern when I ordered. They asked me how I wanted the beef cooked (medium rare), and then delivered me perfectly seasoned beef with a perfectly pink medium rare center. The yogurt-dill sauce was great, and I used it as a dip for my meat. The zucchini was not mushy and had cute grill marks on it. I don't love zucchini, but I was able to eat a few pieces of it, which is a true testament to how well it was prepared. The hummus was awesome too...except  that the hummus was sort of on its own, so I ordered a side of pita to dip in it. The pita was warm and crunchy around the edges when it was served, and it was the perfect complement to the rich and garlicky hummus.

On top of the excellent food, service was extremely friendly, prompt, and the waitress tasked with refilling water and coffee was on her game. Our glasses never went empty for more than 10 seconds before she was back with a refill. This was on a Saturday morning after we waited for 5 minutes for a seat. The place was pretty much at capacity, but the service was still top-notch.

The only negative in my eyes was that the menu is a bit pricey, and the portions are a little on the small side. I've never been the type of diner to equate large portions with a good restaurant experience, and I have a normal to small appetite anyway, so it wasn't a problem with me. However, a big burly man might have an issue with portion size. I also feel the price reflects the quality of the food, and the old addage "you get what you pay for" holds true. Finally, it's only a couple dollars more expensive than going to someplace like Perkins, and it is 100000000 times better in every way!

Next time you want to go out for lunch or dinner, give Sofra a try. It's awesome and I guarantee you'll have a great experience there.
My husband and I ate here on Saturday night.  It was the night before Easter so there were not many customers which meant our service was fantastic and we were served super quick!  I had the mojito which they made less sweet for me...nailed it!  We started with the dolmas, which were good but kind of spendy for 4 small stuffed grape leaves.  It also came with this amazing olive bread that was grilled.  Then we both had soup.  My husband had the tomato bisque which was super delicious and I had the Albanian wedding soup.  It had great flavor but the noodles were so over cooked they turned to complete mush when they kit your mouth, that was a slight disappointment. I would like to try it again to see if the noodles were less cooked if it would be better.  My husband ordered the beef tenderloin skewers, which were over cooked and had a funny taste to me, but he thought they were fine.  I ordered the rotisserie chicken, it came with roasted vegetables, and lemon oregano potatoes and this was amazing.  It was a huge portion for under $13.00 and worth every penny.  We want to give this place another try and next time we might split this dish so we can try a few more appetizers and perhaps a dessert. So overall it was good but there is room for improvement.
WONDERFUL! I've never knowingly had Albanian food and ohhhh do I like it! When I eat something that is new to me I tend to go a bit overboard on the ordering. As per usual, I dined here by myself (Actually I got takeout.), and ordered enough food for dinner as well as lunch the next day. Gotta love having a corporate expense account. 

I ordered the beef stroganoff, Albanian wedding soup, dolma, Albanian sausage, and had a free sangria. Yea, entirely too much food. The beef stroganoff was great. Sauce was well balanced for a restaurant stroganoff; however, a little saltier than I would have made it at home. Nearly perfect ratio of sauce to noodles as well. I appreciate that. 

The soup was... different. Different than any soup I've ever had before. Thick, creamy, lemony, with tender chicken, and noodles that I thought were a tad soft. I should have asked how it was spiced. The flavor is lingering in my mouth as I write this and it's a lilttle woody, a little earthy, a little bitter, and pretty damn delicious! 

I love dolma. My wife doesn't like dolma like I do so when I have an opportunity to charge an order of dolma to the Fortune 500, I jump on it! This is one of the better dolmas that I have had, and I've had all sorts from many cultures, both homemade and restaurant made. I consider myself to be a good judge of dolma, and I consider this to be pretty good. Texture was perfect: soft, but stayed together for dipping. Lemony flavors from the slices it came served with (I didn't squeeze any on).

Albanian sausage, this is what everyone on this Yelp page is talking about. Awesome! I love sausage in general, so I may not be the best judge of this as I am easily impressed, but I can say with certainty that no one would walk away disappointed in their decision to order it. 

On top of all of this, one of tonight's specials was a free sangria with entree purchase. I enjoyed the sangria very much while waiting for my takeout order, which made the wait time (about 15 mins) pass by very quickly! 

If giving half stars were possible, I would rate this place a 4.5. I'm rounding up rather than down because of how great the people working there are. Friendly, generous with that free sangria on a takeout order, helped guide me through the order, etc.
I've only been here once while in Edinburgh. Not because it wasn't good, but because it's a wee bit over my price range. And I guess it wasn't so good that it ever occurred to me to go back there again. You can blame this on my state of mind during my first year of university, though.

The occasion was a post-exam meal with a friend of mine who also studied Social Anthropology. We wanted to treat ourselves and they were doing 2 courses for 10 pounds. For what my memory does serve me, I had risotto and that was the moment I became a risotto lover. I think it was risotto with asparagus and chives. I could be wrong about the latter two ingredients. 

The atmosphere in the restaurant is really warm. Maybe because the inside's cozy, but not too cramped. 

As far as memory serves, I recommend it, though not passionately--that might very possibly just be an effect of time.
We received a coupon to go hear during a short trip to Edinburgh. The maitre d' was vaguely rude to us and extremely rude to the waitresses. The restaurant was very busy, so we were excited to get our food, but it lacked flavor. Both of us are huge seafood fans, and we felt a little let down by our meal. During the lovely walk home, we both began to notice our noisy stomachs around the same time. Although it wasn't full-blown food poisoning, we definitely had something off from the restaurant. We're both very adventurous eaters and neither of us have weak stomachs, and from the nature of the illness it was pretty easy to tell that we'd gotten a poorly handled piece of fish or an unfresh mussel. It definitely wasn't a horrible dining experience, but I wouldn't recommend the restaurant and we won't be in any hurry to dine there again.
We tried this place recently, by way of a celebration for my Parisienne girlfriend's birthday. The food was nice- but you'd think we were in France from the service we got! I understand they have the 'Fawlty Towers' experience here, but you don't expect it all year round.

On arrival we were greeted- or rather not greeted - by the man who seemed to be the proprietor. He was rude in the extreme- only deigning to acknowledge our presence after a couple of minutes, and then making us stand around some more while he fiddled with something behind the till- even though our table was sitting ready for us. Waitress service was fast, but they never once asked how things were, or offered a smile.

Despite the above, however, the food was good, if not amazing. I had a starter of grilled goats cheese with chutney which was nice- but would have been better if it was warmed through. My main of a crepe stuffed with creamy spinach and mushroom filling was excellent, a lovely and rich with a well-made crepe. My girlfriend started with a seafood gratin and had braised lamb as main, both of which she reported were very good indeed. We finished with profiteroles, which were nice, but ordinary.

I understand the place does some good deals on lunches, and if the food is all you're concerned with I can happily recommend B'est. But the service, combined with a slightly too bright/open atmosphere that makes things very slightly too cafeteria-like, make it hard to suggest as a relaxing night out.
We came here recently with a groupon voucher.  Now here's the thing with vouchers: they cost the business a lot of money but the point is to get people to come back in.  Repeat customers is the name of the game. As someone who doesn't have a disposable income I like vouchers, I use them quite a bit, and I've had both good and bad experiences. And oh man, I am so glad this was a good experience.

The space inside is lovely.  Large, good atmosphere, cool things on the wall.  There was quite a mix when we were in: families with children, couples on dates, bro/sis combos.  The service was good: friendly, fast, what you expect.  

But the food!  Oh hello tasty food.  For my starter I had the mussels and it was a huge portion!  Tasty as well.  My partner had the goats cheese and sweet onion and I had serious order envy, it was absolutely delicious.  For mains I had the pork loin which was so tender, so moist, the spices were perfect.  Partner had the mushroom strudel and claimed it was as delicious as it looked (I absolutely hate mushrooms and didn't even try it).  For desert: creme brule.  Perfection.

My partner and I had such an enjoyable evening at B'est because the food was exactly what we needed and the atmosphere was excellent.  We will definitely return (there was a cod with lemon mash on the menu that sounded so good I can't wait to try it).  So in conclusion, groupon vouchers sometimes give you a hole in one, sometimes not, and in this case groupon gave me a lovely, enjoyable night out with a plate of food I honestly didn't want to see end.  Huzzah!
Groupon voucher. 3 course French meal before a night out. B'est? Why not! And so it went. 

It was a Friday night and we had booked weeks in advance. The place was busy when we arrived at 8 pm. The dcor quite basic but open with clean lines. I'm trying to think of distinguishing features that would set it apart but can't really.

The wait staff were courteous. Not exactly warm but very polite. 

We all ordered the Haggis Tower with Neeps and Tatties with a Whiskey sauce for our starter which was delicious. 

I asked the server if they would consider doing that as a main course if one ordered it. I was told that they were still trying to maintain their identity as a French restaurant and despite its popularity, the dish was not French.

I refrained from questioning the presence of Penne Pasta and Lasagne on the menu. 

I had a Chicken cassoulet with Toulouse sausage for my main which was simply cooked but pretty good. The chicken had crispy skin, the sauce was flavoursome and fortunately not greasy as cassoulets I have had before. The others ordered the grilled Cod and the pasta which I was told was good too. 

We had desserts that we shared between us. The Champagne sorbet, Toffee crepe and profiteroles. They were all nice. 

And that about sums up the experience. NICE. The fact that the meal cost me 9 for 3 courses made it excellent. Would I have been happy paying 11.95 for the chicken cassoulet? Absolutely not!

Would I go back? Hmmm... Probably. If they had another deal on and I didn't fancy cooking at home... yeah maybe.
Mmmm. Someone recommended this bistro to me, and as an intense admirer of french food, I was thrilled to find it a) close to campus and b) damn tasty. I went hans solo for lunch and though a raised eyebrow greeted my request for a table for uno, I was positively doted on by my french server. I got a lunch special for $8 (no pound sign on my comp) and they also brought a bread starter. I had my salmon starter and pasta main course, but as I am a lady, and as you know ladies are figure conscious, I could not eat even half of my food. I was asked several times if I didn't like it, and i assured them I loved it but could not possibly eat this quantity. 
I do not think they entirely believed me, based on the evidence that they asked me three times. 
But I will definitely return here, maybe alone, maybe with friends, but whenever I am craving creamy and intensely flavored food.
What a delight! A great new place in the West End. Being friend's with the chef I have to promote this place but I must admit it's a great place. The food is fresh and tasty and quite Scandinavian in style.

Staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the food we ordered was beautifully presented. 

I went for a Fennel salad to start with (which is unusual for me!) and the Skirt Steak for mains, followed by a delicious chocolate tart. My companion went for Stornoway black pudding, with duck egg and piccalilli which worked very well. The seasonal mixed vegetables is presented as a frittata which is quite different too.

I saw other people having the cheese board which did look delicious and small enough to not be overpowering!

Have a look at their website and give it a go.

It looks tiny when you walk in but through the back is a lovely, bright conservatory area which is very nice indeed! 

It's a nice wee haven in the city from all the hustle and bustle of town! I hope it does well and gets a lot more visitors :)
Pork pie.

That's all you need to know for this review: pork pie.

Ok, well maybe a little more description. Most of which will revolve around the description of the pie, the taste of the pie, the scraped clean plate / board that the pie rested on, and the picture of the pie (see my uploaded photo!)

The interesting thing is, it wasn't really a pie - not the traditional one-person pie, or even a slice of a larger pie. It must have been more like a long terrine-shaped log of pie, cut into square slices.

The inside of the pie had no gravy, but also no gellatine. Instead, it was pure pulled pork. Big chunks of pork, tender and moist.

The pastry was quite thick and buttery and crumbly but substantial. I like it, the lovely Leila A commented it wasn't like normal pastry. I agree, but I liked it.

It came presented on a wooden board with some winter chutney (like the filling on a mincemeat pie), coleslaw, salad, and beautiful home-made oatcakes. The oatcakes were a bit confusing - the pie was perfect as it was, and there was nothing to put on the oatcakes. So of course Leila and I asked to take them away, tucked up in napkins, for supper that evening.

The Edinburgh Larder Bistro is tucked in basement level on a street that is itself tucked into the West End. It may not get much footfall. But I'd urge anyone to seek it out. The menu is traditional Scottish, cooked beautifully, with some interesting twists.

I was here for lunch and it was cosy. There are booths, bigger tables, the staff are very friendly and I would happily come back here weekly for a special lunch or dinner.
Edinburgh Larder Bistro menu is about to change.. but before that happens, me and my husband decided to pay a visit to sample the current menu. It was especially tempting after the fantastic Yelp blindfold tasting event last week.

I was hesitating between two options on the menu: venison and pheasant. I wasn't too keen on the pearl barley risotto which accompanied the venison but fancied the pheasant's side veg instead. So I explained my dilemma to the waitress and she kindly offered to swap the side dishes. 

I didn't go for a starter, but my husband had the pigeon, which was melt-in-the-mouth stuff. 

Mains arrived. Venison was plated prettily and I could already see it was perfectly cooked. I took a bite.. 'Oh my god'  It was so good indeed. So soft and tender, and well seasoned and the vegetables and potatoes all went well together.

Now how about a dessert? Yes please! I chose the chocolate tart which came with sea buck thorn and ice cream. The waitress bought two spoons (just in case). I'm afraid I ate most of the tart (apart from one spoonful for husband) - well I did offer..
The tart was both light and rich at the same time - and it really needs to be shared.
I ate too much of it, but that is a lesson for me to learn :)

So friendly service again from the Edinburgh Larder Bistro. This is soon turning out to be one of my favourite places to dine in this city!
Excellent Scottish bistro located just off Queensferry Street at the West End. I came for the pre-theatre menu and left a seriously happy chappy. Three courses down the hatch and every one delicious. 

Relaxed ambience with candle-lit tables and wooden surrounds. The restaurant itself is spacious and has a pleasant and accommodating staff that were only too happy to recommend dishes and give us some culinary pointers. 

I had the pate starter, fish main and apple & custard pudding. My only negative would be the brandy custard on the pudding; it was a bit too overpowering for me, but then I'm not a big fan of booze in food. Other than that an absolutely lovely dinner and I've already booked a return pre-theatre meal! 

It's the perfect place to fill up on really good quality grub before winging your way to Filmhouse, Usher Hall, Traverse or Lyceum. Cannot recommend more.
That was some breakfast - lovely black pudding, scrambled eggs done to a T and the juiciest of sausages. The toast was a little dry when unaccompanied, and the bacon mainly fat (but not to worry about that on a one-off basis). This was my first trip here and it's a delightful spot, tucked away under some of Edinburgh's finest stone facades between the West End and the diplomatic quarter. They looked after us well, accommodated 20 as easily as they did the couples that peppered the rest of the space and the whole place felt relaxed and airy. Much of this is down to the courtyard area, which only seats about a dozen but opens up the whole restaurant. I may well be back, though I'm not often in this part of town to eat - great to know it's there though.
Was under impressed...
Hmmm... Toast or a hockey puck? 
The decor was nice!
No no What is going on?! - A prospected lovely brunch was an underwhelming experience. 
Granted we were a big group and yes we had expectations - well I visited 2x before and it was lovely. This time (when I get round to write a full review - they really disappointed me. 

The place is lovely and it is good that they set bigger groups in the back. However the ceiling is a little low and the sound levels get a little loud. 

As my friend pointed out - their offerings on the website include Gluten Free products (Granola for one) - but those were not available at time of ordering. Fail. But they did their best to compensate with alternatives like a salad.  

I ordered the Poached Eggs (x2) on a toasted scone. The eggs were perfect. The scone was a sweet crumbled affair and didn't really fit... and that was it  7.95 for this is a little steep - I do hope the chickens that laid these eggs were massaged daily and offered intercontinental flights to warrant that kind of price. 

Don't get me wrong - I like the place, decor and service. But they seem a little overpriced on the produce offered (if at all available) 

3 stars as former visits were a lot better.
Went to the Edinburgh Larder Bistro a couple of times, first time for brunch, second time for lunch.  On both occasions, I had a voucher deal, which is always great to try somewhere new.
The brunch was OK, mine was actually really good, I had the smoked salmon on home made bread, the only downside was it was actually a very small portion and that I was still famished afterwards. My brunch buddy had the veggie full breakfast, which was fine apart for a lump of potatoes and carrots that didn't have their place on the plate, and would have been better replaced by a home-made tomato relish or something else.
The lunch was OK, but not exciting.  We had leek and ham soup, which was delicious, with some crispy bacon. Thumbs up for the soup!  However, the choice of mains was fairly limited, so we opted for the coley.  The fish itself came perfectly cooked, the chips were OK, but the steamed broccoli and cauliflower were a bit sad and bland.  That dish could have really done with a bit of a 'wow' factor!  Oh and last but not least, they forgot to bring the two glasses of wine we had ordered.  I had to ask for them, which means that they arrived after we had finished the starter.
Overall, not a bad experience, but the place doesn't live up to its expectations, which is a real shame.  I do like the wooden decor though.
After returning for a second try, I feel even more underwhelmed by my experience. The soup was lacking depth in flavour to match what was a good texture. Salt and pepper didn't help the cause. Bread with the soup would have been nice too. We weren't even offered  and since we were sat alone in the back, it wasn't until we finished our meal and others seated around us ordered soup, did we realise that bead was supposed to come with the meal. 

My main course was alright. Visually pleasing. I had the chicken dish which was good. I was confused by the addition of olive oil that was drizzled on the gravy. Just seemed to make the dish oily without adding to the flavour. 

As for my partner's dish, she had the fish which seemed well presented and cooked until I found a long hair in the vegetable side.  

The only positive that I can take away from our second visit was the presentation on the plate was visually appealing but, much to my displeasure again, that's about where it ends.

All in all, after visiting a couple of times I've become less impressed every time I have tried the Larder. This is unfortunate because I was quite impressed with the couple of times the Edinburgh Larder help events in conjunction with Yelp (the winter  event and the blind tasting). I hate to think that they only try to put their best foot forward when trying to impress reviews and not when its the random customer off the street.
I've only so far been to the Edinburgh Larder Bistro once, but I like the cut of its various locally sourced food items.

I was here for the first Yelp Elite event of the year, so was lucky in that I got to try a variety of dishes (and attempt to guess what they were) from my first encounter with pigs trotters (I would NEVER ever have guessed that's what they were) to really delicious stovies. There's a definite creativity to the dishes here, and it doesn't at all seem run-of-the-mill, and they have lots of brilliant Scottish suppliers which is always an awesome thing to support. Everything is seasonally fresh and the menu changes in accordance, so you know you're getting the best of what's out there in Scotland.

As a spot in the west end to pop into for a cosy, relaxed meal with friends I would definitely recommend it, and in fact, I need to be making a booking along those lines very soon.
After having the Edinburgh Larder Bistro's most amazing sample of chocolate ganache at the amazing Yelp Winterfall Wonderland event, my interest was piqued and I couldn't wait to try the restaurant itself. I was sorely disappointed. First, during Yelp's Brunchy Munchy, I thought my pancakes with bacon tasted ok but were quite overpriced for two itsy bitsy pancakes and a lack of friendliness on the part of the staff. The restaurant was attractively decorated and they did accommodate our large group, but without much grace as many others really didn't like what they were served.

Although I really wanted to like the Edinburgh Larder Bistro because of their mission to serve good quality food made from locally-sourced ingredients, I was on the fence after the brunch about whether I liked this place. I wanted to give it a second try, so my boyfriend and I purchased a groupon for a two-course lunch here. Since I work from home and his work is also flexible, we had brought our backpacks with our computers with us so we could work from New Town in the afernoon. When we showed up at our appointed time for our reservation, the staff looked us up and down and led us to the back room (they obviously wanted to hide us in the back!). At our table, the woman looked us up and down again and, after a long pause and looking disdainingly at our bags, said that other customers would be coming in and sitting next to us so could she take our bags to the other room since they would need the space? She could have framed this much more tactfully and asked if she could help us by relieving us of our bags by taking them out of our way!

Although things had a rocky start, I liked the simple menu of just a few items that were the fresh specialties of the day made from in-season, local ingredients. We both had the mushroom soup to start. The soup was good and better than a run-of-the-mill cream of mushroom soup but it wasn't too special or memorable. Since we had heard about the Larder Bistro's great bread and thought that bread would be the perfect addition to our starter, we were a bit sad that we weren't served any. Later, during our main course, we were frustrated to see other customers were served bread with their soup while we had not been!

For my main, I had the fish. While I was expecting a flavourful, locally-caught fish, I was underwhelmed by the dish. Although it scored high on presentation and looked quite pretty, it's taste wasn't on the same calibre. To make things worse, when I was over half-way through my meal I found a hair in my dish. I didn't think it was mine but then again I wasn't quite sure. I ate a bit more from other parts of my plate but that was the not-so-perfect end to our lunch.

Even though the Larder Bistro might had wanted more posh customers and we didn't seem to meet their expectations, they should have treated us just as well as the other customers (the two older ladies sitting a few tables away, or the couple sitting behind us -- and, no, there was still no one actually sitting at either of the tables next to us!). The other customers were welcomed warmly, had their coats kindly taken out of their way and received bread with their soup. We aren't slobs and we were a bit taken aback by the poor service and underwhelming lunch after hearing such lovely reviews prior to our visits here. In the future, I hope that the staff become more friendly and caring and that the quality of the food matches the prices they are charging for it.
This is the 4th time we visited. 

Please note that I think the place is lovely, the service is super friendly and the ingredients are sourced local and where available organic. 
However we have yet to have an outstanding meal. 
I can't see how such an array of wonderful source of ingredients can produce just OK ish food. 
Is it the chef? Is it the quality of ingredients? I don't know. 

This visit we have been on a Living Social voucher set meal. 
Offered was a prosecco and a choice of 2 coursed out of 3 starters , 3 mains and 3 desserts.

The prosecco was a little too dry and not very pleasant to drink - happens sometimes - personal taste and not their doing of course. I may have benefitted from a splash of Crme de cassis to sweeten it up a bit?  

We got a complimentary bread and herb (& garlic?) butter. Standard.
For starter I had the wild mushroom soup and which was tasty. The bread served was the same as the basket. 

For main we both took the Rump of Lamb, with stem broccoli, spring onions, sliced cream potato and a jus. As advised the lamb was served pink. 
The portion was adequate, I personally would have loved more of the potato as that was very well prepared and just a 2' square didn't do it justice. The bottom part of the broccoli was a little tough (el dente?). 
The lamb was well cooked and indeed pinkish as promised, taste wise however it lacked seasoning, which was offset by the jus. I did decided to ask for some additional jus as there just wasn't enough to mop up. It wasn't the juiciest of meats, but I had much worse served in other places. So OK. 
The spring onions were for some strange reason not easy to digest or chew, I spent a good deal masticating, but had to admit defeat. 

The dessert was a selection of ice cream and cookies supplied by Affagato Ice Cream parlour from across the road. It was again ok, but it was just that tiny bit crystallised, it was a bit grainy - the spoon did not slice through, but was glaciered and skirting on the surface of the scoop. Weird.   

In conclusion: again I was underwhelmed and dissapointed. I so wanted to have a great experience and after giving them several opportunities the Edinburgh Larder Bistro just fails to deliver for me.
Freshly opened on Eyre Place, The Roamin' Nose is beginning its journey as a new cafe/bistro. The Italian-influenced menu is quite varied, with a good selection of sandwiches, sharing platters, pasta dishes, and a couple of main courses. It's an eclectic mix in terms of decor, too. It was nicely busy on my visit, and I know they're looking to raise their profile, so it's a place worth keeping an eye on, as it has the potential to become a real favourite.

Overall, we said: "I'd happily recommend that you pay The Roamin' Nose a visit. I have no doubt that they'll iron out the service kinks, soon, so will have things running beautifully. As with many new places, I'm not sure they've quite nailed where to pitch themselves, yet. I'd suggest that they're not really a place for lunchtime takeaway, but more the kind of location where you'd sit with friends, nibbling at fresh bread dipped in good olive oil, maybe adding a little slice of cheese, a sliver of prosciutto, or a slice of roasted aubergine, as you while away an afternoon or evening. I can imagine many return visit to do just that, in the future."
A tremendous addition to the eateries opening up around the Canonmills area. There is an Italian theme to the bistro but it isn't just the usual fare that would be expected. Starting with a fantastic breakfast until 11am (the sausages on thick white toast are tremendous) through to lunchtime snacking and evening meals, there are options for every type of eating.

The coffee is fantastic quality and challenges many of the leading coffee houses in Edinburgh for quality and there is also a small but impressive selection of beers including Innis & Gunn.

Highly recommended and hopefully a long-term addition to New Town eating.
I was in two minds as to how to rate The Roamin' Nose. There are a number of elements I look for when going for a bite to eat in the evening with a couple of friends. Ambience, service, price, menu and most importantly the food! 

So rather than waffle aimlessly I'll break into the elements outlined above.

Ambience - Chilled, relaxed and definitely a quaint place to go for a gossip over vino with the girls.

Service - Average unfortunately. The staff are really quite nice but not the quickest off the block. It sounds fussy but we ordered a couple of bottles of nice fizz and we had to pour it ourselves (obviously not a massive issue but it made me unsure of what kind of place they wanted to be).

Price - Excellent. 3 girls, 3 course and 2 bottles of wine 27 each...not too bad in my book.

Menu - Limited and a number of things weren't available which is disappointing on a board that already offers so little. 

Food - Good in places. The taster board that they offer was excellent. Lots of bread and tasty dips, meats, cheese to go with. A must have at The Roamin' Nose I would say. I ordered the Carbonara for main and I have to say the salt and pepper pots were used quite heavily as it really did lack flavour and the pasta was a little too al dente. For dessert I had the Chocolate Mousse which was lovely and smooth and the perfect end to an evening. 

Overall I've marked this a 4 as it has the potential to be an Edinburgh staple but it really needs to sort out a few of the basics....
I really rather torn writing this review, as i feel like 3.5 would have been a better rating and i can't force myself to give this place 4 stars.  however this past friday night saw me wandering through the doors to The Roamin' Nose to meet some friends for a girly dinner.  it was a warm day outside and having power walked the whole way i was fairly warm as well.  what immediately put me off this place was the fact that they had the heat on high!  i literally felt like i walked into a sauna on arrival and seeing my friend sat across the dining room against the heater, she felt the same.  after the third of our party arrived we contemplated menus.

now, what i do like about this place is that the menu is short.  they clearly know what they do well and they keep the menu restricted to that.  they also have a daily specials board to help bring some variety in.  after ordering a bottle of prosecco to share we decided to try the small bites tray, i ordered the fetticuini vegetable galore, and finished off with a slice of victoria sponge.

the small bites tray was excellent!  loads of tasty dips, chutneys, cured meats, my request artichokes, olives, and a fresh basket of bread.  the pesto was absolutely lovely and clearly freshly made!  there was also a nice tasting fig chutney and the olive tapenade had a good olive-y taste to it.  the artichokes that i'd made a bit of a fuss to include were tasty but i found them a bit harder than i would have expected.  

mains arrived shortly after the tray was cleared away and i have to say while i did enjoy my main, i was a bit underwhelmed.  it was a fairly basic dish, fetticuini noodles mixed with carrots, courgettes, and aubergines, some parsley and olive oil then topped with parmesan cheese.  the dish was tasty and done well but something i could have made at home, so it was hard to be overly wowed by it.  my friend felt the same of the penne carbanora which she said was rather bland.

after clearing away the dishes and topping up the prosecco we went for dessert.  as said above i had a slice of victoria sponge.  it was ok, a bit dry and the cream and jam in the centre were a mix of too sugary and very tart.  i left half of it over as i felt like i was wasting calories by continuing to eat it which should never happen with a dessert.

now the food was A-OK the small bites platter really being the best!  had i only had that alone my review might have been slightly higher.  however, the like the other dishes i had the service lacked a bit.  we ordered prosecco and ended up pouring it for ourselves the whole night which is not what i would expect.  it took ages for a waitress to notice we were trying to ask for the bill and one of the waitresses seemed to be a bit confused about it all, but maybe she was new.

that said though, i would probably come back here to get the small bites board.  the prices are quite reasonable, only paying 27 for three courses and splitting two bottles of prosecco.  so all in all not too bad, but not great either.
I really love the Roamin Nose - granted I've only been here for breakfast but the breakfast menu is brilliant and really cheap especially compared to others in the area.  My husband ordered the full breakfast which was really a good size for the price and my scrambled eggs are always divine with chunky toast.  

Whenever I've been in - and its been a number of times I've always ordered the same thing cause i cant fault it but the staff are always really helpful although ok sometimes they have been a little slow but that's the only fault i can pick up here.  

The breakfast menu at least has brilliant choices they are always happy to accomodate young children and they even have books for them at the sofas in the front window which is a nice touch.

I love this cafe, I've yet to go on a Sunday afternoon when they have live music but i will be popping down soon.  Not too cramped, plenty of room, great menu and especially compared to other cafes in the area the prices are really good!

Kind of quirky - you must check out the Bill Murray portraits for sale all over the place i don't know the artist but they must really love bill murray brilliant!  

Personally, I love the Roamin Nose, the menu is fab, the location and decor, the food is always perfect and the price is excellent .....
Although this place is adorable and the long list of specials indeed special, I don't think you should offer food that doesn't play to your strong suits and thus I can't recommend this place. Their specials were all over the place from a seabass salad to steak. Should have stuck with the italian theme and ordered ravioli. I ordered a chili bean dish which ended up being a sad pass as a burrito complete with salsa with no flavor and creme fraiche instead of sour cream. Come on! Google Mexican and get it right, man. My sisters pulled pork sandwich was awesome but even on her plate there was some disappointment like the potato chips that were cut too thick. I will say, the chocolate Nutella peanut butter cake was nice but when I ordered a flat white I was served a latte. Ugh. Give it a miss.
This has become my favourite place to eat and enjoy an evening in New Town over the last six months. It's relaxed, cosy, welcoming, simple and scrumptious, and is the place we are always sure to recommend or take our visiting guests to.

We recommend approaching it in the following way to get the absolute best out of your visit:

1. Get a treat and have a bottle of prosecco (same price as a bottle of white and even more fun)

2. Get a sharing platter and maybe some of their special crostini to start - YUM!

3. Ask them very very nicely if you can share all your main dishes... 

The sharing platters are so delicious that we've got into the habit of having one and then sharing their main course dishes in a 'tapas' style - it makes for a really fun evening and means that you get to taste a little of every delicious, Italian inspired dish. They put the food, some salad and their lovely homemade 'chips' in the centre of the table and you have little plates and simple explore it all!

4. Go eye up the homemade desserts at the counter and order the tirimasu or chocolate mousse (my favourites), or basically anything else as it's all good :-)

5. Have a hot chocolate with locally made marshmallows

6. Fall into a happy food-coma

7. Come back on the last Sunday of the month and enjoy it all again whilst listening to their acoustic music night (5ish to 8ish).

You don't have to do it this way, you can also pop by for a full dinner or just a lovely glass of wine/piece of cake, either way you'll enjoy it - but we've carefully honed this to be our favourite way to dine there! 

Overall, their ingredients are really interesting and the dishes taste fresh and comforting. The atmosphere is lovely, relaxed but stylish, with considerate staff, and last but not least, they're welcoming to all ages (including babies and dogs!). 

Lovely stuff and thumbs up all round.
This casual cafe serves British breakfasts and Italian pastas. We stumbled in the other night looking for an early dinner, and were told the kitchen didn't open till 6pm (it was around 5:30, I think), but our friendly waitress suggested we could start with drinks and get our food orders in so that they could be prepared as soon as the kitchen was open. We started with some cocktails (a negroni and a caipirinha) and the pesto and tapenade with bread. The drinks were on the small side, but priced appropriately to their size. As a main I had the pappardelle with mushrooms. The pasta was nicely-cooked and the sauce was tasty. I wish we could have given the desserts a try, but we had to leave to get to another engagement. 

Overall the Roamin' Nose was a nice spot for a casual dinner. The breakfast menu looked pretty good - I think we'll return for brunch sometime soon, too.
I took my parents here for lunch and was super impressed by this place. It is cosy, has a really friendly atmosphere and is the perfect place to take people for a relaxed weekend lunch. 

We came at the 'awkward lull' between breakfast and lunch (starts at 1pm), and had to sit with only hot drinks for 20 minutes. However, once we ordered our meals, they arrived promptly and were certainly worth the wait. I had the special salad (v) and a side of chips - which were amazingly thin and crisp-like. My parents both had steak sandwiches.  

The staff were lovely, chatty and very attentive.

 I'm excited to try out the evening and breakfast menus too!
What's this that has popped up on Morrison Street out of nowhere? Another Shebeen! For those of you who don't know, the original Shebeen is located next to Mithas down at the Shore, Leith. So this new addition was a very welcome surprise.

We decided to pop in for a drink at the weekend to see what it's all about. I think it is easiest if I just split my experience into pros and cons.

The pros:
- Great central location.
- Fun South African themed interior.
- We didn't eat this time but we saw food being served and the the traditional South African menu looks amazing.
- Friendly staff.

The cons:
- I had to change my drink order 3 times before they actually had the drink in stock.
- It is pretty small and chilly inside.
- The staff seemed a little nervous and unsure of what they were doing.

I shall forgive the cons. They are very newly opened and it is only natural to have teething problems, as long as they get them ironed out. For now, I wouldn't return for a drink (as it is just a small restaurant area) but i will go to their Leith bar for a drink, and I will return to Morrison Street to sample their exciting menu. After that I will update my review with the outcome :)
this review will be rather short and sweet, similar to my visit to shebeen.  see it was friday night, i'd already been out and was meeting the boyfriend for a quick nightcap before heading back to his flat.  i was in old town, he was on lothian, we needed to go to slateford, hence the newly opened Shebeen.

i remember this place being an OK japanese noodle bar we'd been to once, so i was pleasantly surprised to find it had been re-opened as something more promising with less greasy noodles.  the restaurant is just a short flight of stairs from the street and when you open the door it's all south african music and wood furnishings and comfy leather benches.  i have to say it was a marked improvement over the old decor of the noodle bar.

we were only planning to grab a quick drink, but i sort of feel like this place isn't set up to be a drinks only location.  the waitress was happy to show us to a seat, but i felt a bit like had the place been busy with diners i would have felt out of place with my single beer.  my beer was good, of south african heritage but i can't say much more than that.  i'd be interested to see their food options which may be cause for a repeat visit, but i find it unlikely i would just visit here for a drink again as it definitely feels this place is much more a restaurant than a bar.
Do you like meat? Do you like a lot of meat? Say no more, head to Shebeen. It's a South African restaurant and apparently it is very authentic. It's located on the second floor near Lothian Road. 

My partner and I shared 'fanagalo' which was such a large portion. It included:
- meatballs
- a half rack of spare ribs
- homemade boerewors sausage
- pork belly and beef sosaties'

OMG the ribs were AMAZING! I want to come back already for the ribs alone. The pork belly was really good too. Actually, everything in this sharing platter was so tasty - everything was very well seasoned. 

For mains, I had the 'cheetah size' sirloin while my partner had the 'lion size' rib-eye. My boyfriend's steak was the size of a chopping board!! So unbelievable that I started laughing uncontrollably when the server brought it over. My steak was also quite large but manageable (mind you I did not finish it). The steaks were great. They weren't perhaps the best steak I have had but the price, we both agreed it was good value. 
My boyfriend brought half of his uneaten steak home in a doggy bag. 

I thought the service was good but there were some hiccups when our bill came - a beer that we hadn't ordered and the wrong wine was charged.

Overall, if you fancy some meat sweats venture over to this establishment. You'll definitely have a giggle when your steak arrives!
I think I ate most of Africa here.

Brotwurst sausages. Surf n Turf. Meatballs stuffed with mozzarella. Deep fried pork belly (yes, that's right, deep fried pork belly).

Shebeen is a newly opened African restaurant that serves up massive amounts of delicious meat at very affordable prices. I believe they used to have a bar down in Leith, that was more a bar than a restaurant; but this is definitely a restaurant. I've seen a few other reviews rate it on "coming in for a drink". That'd be like judging any restaurant on "coming in for a drink". Come here for the MEAT, and I think you'll like it far more.

As Shona F has said, if you like meat and a lot of meat, you'll like Shebeen. I came at lunch time and had the Fanagalo to share, with a burger on the side. For 5.95 each the Fanagalao - a sharing bucket, rather than platter - came with two deliciously juicy deep-fried pork belly pieces; 3 steak and veg skewers; 2 meatballs (one beef, one pork and mozzarella); 3 giant boerwors sausages; and a rack of ribs but they had run out that day so we had 2 lamb samosas instead.

Needless to say it was a huge amount of meat. THe boerwors were delicious and peppery, the steak skewers still pink inside, the deep fried pork belly.... Well, let's just say my arteries cried at the sound of it and I planned on only having one bite, but then I had one bite and the rest I just inhaled. It was soft, melt-in-the-mouth, and a very generous serving of meat too.

The staff were very friendly, it's a nice space. It's an upstairs restaurant, kitted out in dark wood with South African music and some decorations (I liked the painting of the buffalo head).

I am already planning on coming back here, and soon. I'd really highly recommend this platter to try a bit of everything that they offer - just don't make dinner plans (or eat a light lunch).
"Welkom to Meat Heaven" is the bold claim, as you enter Shebeen's new premises, at the top of Morrison Street. Their South African delights, prepared on the braai, are a considerable treat, so I'd heartily recommend you pay it a visit. Definitely more a restaurant than a bar, this is the place to go next time you need a good dose of meaty goodness. The lunchtime fanagalo (a big bucket of meat, to share) is excellent value, so definitely the one to try on your first visit :-)

Overall, we said: "I was well impressed by the meat heaven available at Shebeen. For the meat lover in your life, this is the place to book for your next lunch or evening out. I'm going to go back, soon, to try their steaks, as I have a feeling they'll be good, based on the care and attention shown in the preparation of the items we had, today. Veggies...well, this one's not for you."
Simply put....Outstanding! Food was incredible, the bunny chow being a must try. Great weekday lunchtime specials to boot! The proprietor was both personable and knowledgeable and spent a quality among of time discussing everything from food selection, preparation to pairings. Highly recommended for anyone interested in a truly authentic South African experience.
All I had heard before having dinner here was that they served "a bucket of meat"... I was equal parts intrigued and excited...

I am happy to report that it did not disappoint and at 6.50/person (minimum 2 to share - although there's talk of the boys going back and eating a 2'fer on their own), it is really just a ridiculous amount of meat! The bucket comes with ribs, South African game sausages, kebabs, giant meatballs and the piece de resistance is surely the DEEP FRIED PORK BELLY... ON A STICK!! Yup huh... slow cooked pork belly on a skewer, coated in crispy batter & fried...  It's as amazingly tasty as it is bad for your health! (Luckily you only get one portion of each item per person).

I also ordered a starter size surf n turf for my main course, but I really didn't need any more food after the meat bucket... especially since we had cake for dessert... but I managed to find room in my belly for it anyways.

The thing about a restaurant that serves mainly meat is that they really have to know what they're doing in the kitchen.. it's so easy to under/over cook meat rendering it inedible or just a bit disgusting..  That was my only hesitation going in but I need not have worried. 

Everything was cooked to perfection.  It was tasty tasty murder even if my stomach didn't quite agree with the sheer amount of meat I fed it... 

Loses stars because the service was a bit ad hoc and hectic..  the space is quite small and there was another large party which meant we were rather squished and the servers had no way to get around.. passing plates up and down the table is never great.. there was manic arm waving in order to get more drinks etc.

It was a good meal and I can't fault it too much but I'm not sure I'm in a hurry to go back...
Si te gusta la carne y ests en Edimburgo no te pierdas este local.

Si tu idea es ir durante el fin de semana os recomiendo reservar, ya que el local suele estar bastante concurrido.
Como bien se puede ver en su pgina web, tienen buena oferta de entrantes,hamburguesas, platos principales y postres.

Yo personalmente escog carne (obvio) y puedo opinar sobre el Sirloin (Buensimo), acompaado con patatas fritas caseras (perfectas), salsa, aros de cebolla y un poco de ensalada. Tambin probamos como entrantes los "Sosaties" (pinchos de carne con salsa africana) y "surf&turf" (lonchas de carne con gambas enormes).

Si tu opcin es la de comer carne, te dan a elegir entre dos tamaos: si tu apetito es tan voraz cul len africano, tu opcin es "Lion size" (la pieza supera los 500gr), si por el contrario no tienes tanta hambre y te conformas con menos de 500gr, te ofrecen la opcin "Cheetah size" (por menor precio, claro).
La oferta de vinos no era muy amplia, pero hay oferta suficiente para cada tipo de bolsillo.

El local es idneo para llenarte bien el buche y despus tomarte alguna copa en los alrededores de Lothian Road.
We only stopped here for drinks, but its lovely inside for an authentic south african atmostphere. The wine that we had was not to be questioned and the staff were new but service we fabby!! The food menu looked great for all those hardy meat eaters out there!!

Its on my to do list !!
For some time now the name Shebeen has been bouncing around the city as the spiritual home of carnivores! A place where meat is the main event.
 
Under the banner of being a South African restaurant the guys here have built up a reputation for serving up big plates of well cooked, well seasoned meat. It's a reputation which is very well deserved!
 
On reading the menu you quickly get a sense that this unapologetic reverence for beef had been taken to new levels.
 

On the starters you'll find samosas filled with either beef or veg, 'mini' boerewors with they homemade tomato relish, frikadelle - a meatball stuffed with various things including cheese and a number of the other main courses in start portions! I opted for the calamari however, crunchy, soft and delicious with a lovely dipping sauce! 


If it was hard to choose a starter selecting a main was well nigh impossible, steaks of varying sizes, traditional South African dishes and some straight up meat challenges! Amongst these challenges you will find the Jo Burger, 1.2kg of beef or a custom baked bun WOW!! This would have to wait for a another day however, I was after some steak!
 

My friend Scott went for the Lion ribeye you see up on the board, that was sensational, cooked to a beautiful rare the flavour was superb! I went surf and turf, rare steak and prawns covered in garlic and chilli with double cooked fries!! This lead to coining of the phrase #meatgasm!


What really stands out for me in Shebeen is the care they give to the meat! From doing their butchery, to their seasonings, to the way in which they perfectly rest the meat before serving. These guys are the kings of grilled meat as far as I am concerned!


To top it all off the service and the welcome you receive is first class! The chefs are all more than happy to chat steak and the front of house staff are welcoming, funny and efficient! They really do have it all!
Roll out the meat! 

This place is a real meat fest for people that want meat meat meat. (no pescetarians or vegetarians allowed!) 
In a place that looks like a converted Boers Farmstead they offer buckets and lion shares of ribs, fillets, T-Bone, Oxtail and Boerwors. 

What more is there that you need? Oh yes beer, Amstel, Castle and Corona or a good Savannah Dry cider to wash it all down with. 

I like the atmosphere and a birthday meal for 6 people needs a big table - which they have. The zebra skin on the ceiling beams do authenticate the feel of this place, and the springbok skin oval shield with spears on the wall creates an idea that they catch and butcher their meat them selves - well the butcher part is correct! 

The service is totally appropriate - always asking is all is fine or if you need more, MORE?! Are you kidding me? I am bursting after all this delicious meat. Just bring me a finger bowl to was off what didn't manage to lick of my digits. 

Few things though - some drinks are not available anymore and still on the menu. - just black 'm out? 

I have to say to them "Ek dankjie veel" !!
Popped in for a quick lunch yesterday and wow really impressed had the small lunch time burger fantastic value as it was huge and really great quick service. Will definitely return soon to try some of the other dishes.
so i finally made it back here for dinner!  and oh my, what a meaty delicious dinner it was!!  seriously the steaks here are enormous!!!  no joke, my boyfriend's steak was the size of my face if not bigger and my 'smaller' steak was of an equally large size.  the sides that came with the steak were quite good, especially the garlic mushroom and also my grilled prawn starter was super tasty!!  definitely will be heading back here for another dinner!!
YABBADABBA DOO!! Finally went to this place after waiting and waiting to go I finally got to ! Awesome awesome place! Hidden little place, as in you could walk right by it and not even know it was there. Went in, the waitress greeted us and I asked for a table. She said most of the tables were booked but checked anyways to see if she could squeeze us in which she did and I was very thankful. She came and got us a pitcher of water and asked what we would like to drink. I had a cheap S. African beer which was ok ( it was a cheap beer what can I complain about) . We then ordered the appetizer which was recommend to me. The Fandalango, which was a bucket of meats. It was a meal unto itself. Seriously guys and gals thats all you need it was filling enough. But since I was feeling like Fred Flintstone and I am a Leo I went and ordered my steak to , but let me finish with the appetizer first. The fried pork belly was strangely good! I thought it would be a bit sweeter in terms of the meat but it was still really moist and yummy. The fat on it was the best part I think, it had that pork flavour with something else I cant put my finger on. The ribs were also amazing I think I started sucking the bone marrow out of them. Then my T-Rex steak arrived. WOW, um waitress, ma'am, sorry but theres half a cow here I think your butcher messed something up. The steak was huge!!! ( you can all see from the pictures obviously but I still had to tell you and one more time) The steak was huge!!! Perfectly cooked as well, I love my steaks pretty rare, and seasoned lightly. Thats my only bit of criticism I wish it had a little bit more seasoning on it, just a bit to enhance the flavour . I didnt even get into the little bit of chips on the side. I had one of the onion rings and it was good, not burnt , not greasy, slightly sweet from the onion and otherwise perfect. The salad on the side is to clean the palate so I had some of that as well when I threw in the towel. Great place I will be back again for the ribs. Sadly this lion couldnt finnish his lion sized meal and had to take it home in his doggy- bag.
This was so awesome. Meaty perfection followed by wonderfully comforting milk tart. Proper south african food at its best and obviously made with love.
Fantastic evening at Shebeen! A meat lovers paradise!!!

Can I first of all say this restaurant is extremenly good value for money!! As a groupe we ordered ribs to start - finger licking good ! fall off the bone goodness...I ordered the steak for main ( id heard soo many good things about these juicy steaks ) and so had one! I ordered the LION size and my goodness I was given a steak bigger that the average head !!! It was juicy , full of flavour and lovely !!! 
Because it was a birthday meal for one of my friends we were allowed to bring a couple of bottles of fizz and the girls that served us were attentive and friendly. 

At the end my friend ordered a mint milkshake desert and the wrote on the plate Happy birthday and gave her for free a chomp ( s. african chocolate) and to us all a free spingbok shot each!!

I am sooo pleased that Sheebeen seems to be doing so well and i cannot fault it - Please please go!!