DISGUSTING !! I had lunch there yesterday. Half way through there was a hair in my sub. It looked like a pubic hair. I took up to the manager and he offered to make me a new one. Since he was the one who made it in the first place I respectfully declined. How about you guys where hair nets or beard nets. I will not go back to this place again.
Great cousins!  The subs are always good and they have a grill!  If you want Cousins, GO TO THIS ONE!
This has been my favorite location to get pizza in Madison since I was a child. It used to be such a treat to get those pizza twins and argue over the toppings with my sister and I always remember being thankful when i had it. Not much has changed since, other than the fact that I can afford it eat it when I want now! I probably order from there 5 to 7 times a month on average and I can't forget their slices which they have available from (11 to 2). I'm a fan of the inferno wings, hell all of the chicken there is above satisfactory in my estimation. The Zesty Djion BBQ sauce is one of a kind and I've never seen it replicated in any other restaurant. It's perfect for the crust  and chicken alike. I'll admit at times it's greasier than I like but overall it's one of my favorite pizzas in the city from the cheese to the sauce.
Just can't get decent pizza in Wisconsin... sorry... but someone needs to head down to Chicago and learn how to make a pizza.

This place piles sauce and toppings on a crust that can't support it.  you end up with a slide off mess.  Flimsy crap.
Grease running down my hand. That's a first. Maybe that's appealing to some people, but definitely not me.

Sorry, Pizza Pit staff. 

[Cue the Tim & Eric "Ya blew it!" .gif.]
The pizza here is OK, the staff here is friendly, and they have good daily deals.
OK people. Let's face it. If it was called Cleveland Market, nobody would go. But throw in a trendy city's name and "Oh, it must be fantastic." After all Boston does have the Celtics. And they gave us Kristin and Jared. But can they pull off fast food. Yea, kinda sorta. It's nice to have a fast food option that is a "square meal." No burgers or fries. Roasted chicken, that holiday green bean casserole everyone loves but is too afraid to admit they eat it, mashed taters (gravy sucks ass though)...all pretty descent. We even tried the sirloin there, cooked medium rare, but WOW, it was like $12! So, I'm sure it's not even a Boston based company. And we all know it's nothing like a market. But three stars for dependable, un-bunned food! Oh. The cornbread? Seriously, it's "crack" good. I'd knock over school children just to get an extra one. As they say in Boston, "cheers." I know. Lame. Now, go get some cornbread!
Turkey dinner for 3 review

Pros:  The corn bread, green beans, and creamed spinach were delicious.  

Cons:  The turkey was dry, the gravy was uninspired, and the apple pie is almost unedible.  I will definitely try something else next time.
Comfort food... Basic down-home dinner. :-) sometimes ya just gotta.
I work just up the street and we always eat here for lunch, every time i go in they are always super nice and friendly, the food is fresh and I'm always in and out. Most of the time I'm picking up food for the whole office so one of the employees told me that i can call and order over the phone to make it easier on me which was great! I love going here, i always get GREAT service :)!
Got take out from here the other night and I enjoyed it :) I got the chicken breast with Mac and cheese as well as mashed potatoes. It came with a yummy piece of corn bread too. 

They have Sriracha by the bottle which every restaurant should have ;) 

The price was great and id recommend it to families or anyone just wanting a decent meal, either on the go or sitting down
So I have been there TWICE in the past week now im hooked! lol fresh clean ! Tasty! I love there Coke cups maket he soda taste just better! Service is great Chefs are friendly New fav place! lol = ] Enjoy guys!
Nice area and very public service friendly. The restaurant is clean, the staff are very kind and polite, and the sandwiches are rocking! Definitely a home cooked alternative to the fast food competitors. Service with a can do attitude and smile. This is one place that truly appreciates their customers.
I love my comfort food and Boston Market always fits the bill.  I have always loved the rotisserie chicken but on this trip I decided to try the Ribs.  Flavorful and tender they were good but were not served hot as expected.  It was almost like they were prepared, then chilled, then re-warmed up again.  One Quarter Rib plus One Quarter chicken plus two sides $12.99.
When I moved here 8 months ago, I was overwhelmed by the amount of places to eat.  I ended up trying numerous "trendy" offerings around the area, but always came back to Boston Market. It is now my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  So consistent in food quality and serving size and the employees are always outstanding. 

I never leave this place disappointed and I am always full!
Let's be real. Its Boston Market. They aren't reinventing the wheel.  But the food came out hot and fresh tasting. And the service was super friendly.  Theresa anticipated my needs and the line worked fast.  If anything, I'd come back here for the service and its clean. Those two things alone make it 4 stars when compared to other fast casuals.
I love Boston Market. I do not know how to cook and so the food there is always better than mine. The best part is if you buy a meal during the week they give you a coupon for one half off on Saturday.  Great value and it heats up well.
A good location. Everything here is always fresh, the line moves quickly, and the staff is always pleasant.
Have been craving boston market a lot lately. They have stellar originator chicken. Go here once evrey couple weeks. Staff is friendly, place is clean, food is tasty. Dont know what more I could ask for? Oh wait. Bring back the sirloin tips!!!!
I can't help it that I'm addicted to sweet potatoes. So that's why I have been gravitating toward Boston Market lately. My two sides are always sweet potatoes, or should I say my main course is the sweet potatoes and the chicken is my side. The food is excellent, although sometimes the chicken can get a little scrawny looking.

My only complaint about this place is that I'm constantly approached by employees to either sign up with my email address or being asked how's my meal. Last time I was in there I was asked how's my meal twice by the same guy and then a manager came by and asked the same thing. I get the touchy feely customer service thing. But PLEASE, dial it down a bit.
Get the honey habanero sauce with your chicken. Free, good mix of spicy and sweet and probably the best sauce for chicken ever.
I love your open-faced Signature Turkey sandwich, Turkey Sausage & Cheddar Egg Sandwich, and Strawberries & Creme Smoothie, but why oh why are you sssooo expensive? You wonder why you rarely have people in here- it's because you charge $8 for a bagel sandwich with meat and some veggies inside. And you have Jack in the Box, KFC, Taco Bell and Starbucks all within the same shopping area as you for breakfast/lunch competition. 

Note: This place is identical to Noah's (a overpriced sandwich place) that is in California (where I'm from). You will see a lot of similar (if not the same things) at both places.
First reviewer was correct about the pricing. A little overpriced. But by far the best bagels I have ever had. The plain, honey wheat, onion, asiago, and potato bagels are awesome and I love the Onion and chive cream cheese. I have never had a bagel so soft anywhere else. Their tasty turkey sammich is good too along with their potato salad.
Totally agree with the other reviewers about Einstein's being overpriced. A small coffee alone costs $1.91 after tax and adding cream cheese to a bagel costs more than the bagel itself. Sure, the bagels are pretty good, but this is Mesa, not New York City.

My real beef with this place, though, is the customer service. Although there are always plenty of people behind the counter, I have waited numerous times in a line that reaches the door. On my visit this morning, I saw a customer walk in, see the line, and turn right back around. Also on my visit today, I tried using a coupon for a "free bagel thin with light shmear." The picture in-store advertised the bagel thin with pink cream cheese and my kids were excited to get their bagel with strawberry cream cheese (which is also listed as one of their reduced-fat options, which means "light," right?) When I ordered this, however, I was told that this was not possible because corporate is only allowing them to use ONE kind of light shmear for this promotion. Even the general manager refused to make a substitution, while watching my 3-year-old cry with disappointment (I know, it's a little thing, but come on, he's 3.) So congratulations, Einstein's at Gilbert & Baseline. You've just made a customer never want to return over your refusal to substitute 2 tablespoons of cream cheese. Do you think that's what corporate had in mind?
Tried the 6 cheese bagel. My gawd it was cheesy! Also tried the BLTA on bagel thin and it was pretty good. I love the sauce on it. What I really wanted to update everyone on is that they have a good deal on soup. You can get a cup of soup that is pretty large for 3.95 and it comes with a bagel of your choice. I think thats a pretty good deal. Soups vary day to day... The cheesy broccoli was what I tried and although I wasn't a big fan of it, its still a a great value if you can find a good soup.
I so want to like this place. It's in a perfect location, prices are reasonable, food quality is good; but the customer service is bad beyond belief. The people are friendly, but don't seem to understand that servicing the customer is job one. I've waited for 3 or 4 minutes at the counter waiting for someone to take my order. Likewise, I've waited the same time for someone to show up to take my money. Come on guys, it isn't that tough to cross train your employees and have them flex into work stations as people come and go.
This place disappoints.  One time I came in and they stuffed my bagel and lox with so many capers that it inedible, I had to flick them all off.  The last time I came in (and I do mean last) there were a group of teens working... well not actually working but standing around talking and playing tricks on each other.  When they finished making my bagel they just let it sit there and didn't bother calling my name.  I had to interrupt them and ask them if I could have my bagel.  It's disappointing because I use to come in this place often and the service was quick and friendly but they must be under new management now.
Nice neighborhood location with an adequate seating area. The menu is the standard Einstein menu however I had a Thintastic egg sandwich and it was prepared very well (looked like the picture on the menu board). Restaurant was clean but he men's room could have used a good scrubbing. Good coffee is an Einstein plus.
Thank God, it wasn't busy because the service was so slow.  Manager was not impressive, she ignored that I was standing in front of the register and helped the next person in line then when that customer insisted I go first she acted like it was such a big deal to delete part of the previous customers order.  She actually glared at me?!  

Bagels were stale and blah as usual.  I hate coming here and I only come here to satisfy my kids.  

This store also doesn't deliver the bagels to your table.  They acted like I was self entitled when I raised hand at my table after my name was called.  Another glare from the manager followed by a "there is no way in hell l'm delivering these to your table look".  

Awesome!
NO! Do you want a bagel? Do you really want one? Ok, since you insist, there is a trader joes, a fry's and a Walmart nearby.
Pick one of those places and buy yourself some bagels. 
Just don't come here, they don't deserve you.

The service will be horrible. They will take a long time to take your order, even longer to make your food, and you will stand there waiting for your food wondering how there can be 6 employees behind the line with no other orders ahead of you and it's been 15 minutes and you still have no food.

Once you finally receive your food, you will leave ASAP because you can't stand the incompetence and also you want to eat in a place that does not look like a high school cafeteria after a food fight.

When you get home, your order will be wrong. You have been warned.
Customer service is nonexistent here.  Employees are not friendly at all.  Bagels were good, but not worth the lack I found personality from the employees.  Second visit w/ my family of 4.  Not a difficult order and not a busy time.  Next time we'll drive further to go to Bagel Nosh, Brueggers, or another Einstein on Val Vista where hopefully the employees will be less robotic.
There are few things in life that make me truly happy. Babies being born, sunny afternoon trips to hang out with a few buddies and maybe the most important one of them all, really good food! The problem with most BBQ places is that there are those who have come to believe that throwing a few pieces of meat on the grill followed by a massive coating of sickly sweet sauce is real BBQ. 

Why then would people spend long hours tending smoke filled pits that sometimes look like they came off the back of a old tractor or the family car? Simple because it is NOT REAL BBQ UNLESS IT IS COOKED LOW AND SLOW!!! The smoke is as important as the meat itself when it comes to making lip smacking Q. It not only adds flavor it also adds a nice smoke ring that lets you know that the meat you are stuffing in your face is real BBQ and not some baked in the oven, made at someones mom's house, under flavored mess. I should have known better than go to a place that claimed to be masters of what they call Chicago style BBQ. 

First off there is no such thing as anybody with a real taste for BBQ knows there are five main areas or styles. Memphis, Texas, St. Louis, Kansas City, and South Carolina style. Chicago does not even come close to making this list. Each region offers a different take or variation on BBQ and those variations are almost like a calling card that informs others as to the origin of the food they are eating. The food from this place did none of those things. This was my first time visiting this chain restaurant so I went in with eyes and nose open to all they had to offer. 

It is no secret that when I walk in to your business that three things must happen in a matter of seconds or I am gone. First off the place should be clean not just look it  (clean floors but disgusting bathrooms). The staff must welcome you or at least acknowledge your presence, and finally the prices should be clearly marked along with the items being offered. As I said this was my first time in this place so I walked in and took a look around. They seem to have really put a little time and effort into creating what they believe is the ideal Q eating establishment. Clippings of newspaper write ups on the company founder, the food and even local charities they help (nice). They even have what I like to call a BBQ battle station. 

This consisted of three bottles of their sauce in various stages of flavor and heat levels, malt vinegar for those who enjoy a more vinegar based sauce, and even ketchup for little kids who do not like the BBQ sauce.  Note: the lack of wet naps that are often handed out at BBQ places should have tipped me off to the lack of sauce issue they have. They do offer free drink refills which is nice given that the cups are on the small side for what they charge, I believe it was $1.59 for a small or $1.99 for a large unless you get a combo meal then it comes with your meal. 

The prices range from $2.79 for a Vienna Beef Hot Dog to $14.99 for one of their three meat dinner combos. They also serve Italian beef sandwiches ( the reason I ate there in the first place) which tasted OK but the jar peppers they used over powered the meat and made the bread soggy. I also tried the beans and rice which seemed to be just that and nothing more! No salt, pepper, not even a little shot of onion or any flavor enhancer to be found. Their potato salad was on the sweet side as if it had been made with miracle whip or sugar was added either way yuck. I also had a few bites of their pulled pork sandwich which did have a nice amount of meat but REALLY lacked in flavor. 

The meat was almost mushy and only had a small splash of sauce. Now normally some places drown their sandwiches in sauce resulting in everything being overpowered with it but any real BBQ master knows that the sauce should only be added to enhance already well prepared meat. It can not make up for over/under cooked, under seasoned meat period!! But this is one of those times I think it could have made the food better. So to sum it all up I would recommend this place to those who are looking for a OK Italian beef place in the Mesa area but as for the BBQ I would suggest you let this little piggy go otherwise you will be the one crying whaa all the way home LOL.
I've been here a few times and all the times I've been here the place is always well kept and clean. The food is pretty good. The bbq sauce they offer is delicisous but they only have two types of sauces. The prices are a bit pricey but would recommend to try this place at least once.
I used to eat at Tom's years back, and coming back here for lunch, everything's pretty much the same.  They do have the new addition of sugar free bbq sauce, which is very nice.  The burgers are decently sized and satisfying, and the fries are a perfect addition to eat with it.  The Italian beef sandwich, compared to others I've had in Arizona, is a good value, but I don't think it's necessarily the best Italian beef here.  The sandwich automatically comes with peppers which is nice, and is full dipped for you.  The broth was a little saltier than say, Lobby's, and there wasn't as much beef in the sandwich, although the beef itself seemed more tender.

The last time I ate their bbq sandwiches was years back, so I'll have to come here again to try out their bbq items.
The proprietors are trying really hard to have excellent service in a clean, well organized restaurant, so I'm giving them three stars, even though the food probably doesn't merit it.

I had their ribs yesterday. I took them naked with mild sauce on the side (hot is also available). The sauce was thick and sweet, but I didn't care too much for the flavor. It had too much tomato flavor and didn't seem particularly well-balanced. The meat was plentiful but not so tasty. It was tough and stringy, without much taste even though it had been seasoned. I really wanted to like their ribs because they were so nice when I ordered, but I just didn't care for them.

I also ordered a side of mashed potatoes without gravy. They were sort of bland, but silky smooth. In fact, they were so smooth that I wonder if they were from a mix, but I couldn't tell so I'll give them credit for blending them well. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have cornbread.
I like Tom's.  It's good, serviceable BBQ.  The portions are reasonably generous, the sides are good (I particularly like their potato salad, though I'm not sure they make it themselves.. whatever it is, it's good).  But I can only give Tom's 3 stars because their BBQ sauce is utterly uninspired.  Not bad, mind you, just not... inspired.  The brisket, pulled pork, and hot links are my usual fare.  Lots of potential for improvement here, but not bad as is.  I'll keep coming back because the place is clean, friendly, and not a franchise operation.  3 stars on the Brak-o-Meter, but it's a solid 3+.
I'm no expert when it comes to food, or BBQ for that matter. I've heard some people argue that this is not real BBQ. Honestly though, even a hint of my hometown food is good enough for me. This place is just enough for me to eat and be happy.

My wife and I love Vienna hot dogs, and until recently, I thought we'd never have them again unless we took a trip back to Chi-town. I was wrong, as they have brought a bit of home to us. This isn't the only place to do so, but they sure do it the way we like it and with a pleasant atmosphere. We also enjoy a nice Italian beef with au jus. I tend to get the hot giardiniera and sport peppers. The taste of these with their respective food is otherworldly in my book. This location in particular has never done me wrong and I doubt they could. They still have plenty of dishes I need to try and regardless of how it's cooked, as long as it's fresh, hot, and tasty, it will be devoured by yours truly.

It's just too bad they don't have jumbo dogs...
Not bad. Not bad at all. Everythiing I have had here has been great. Ribs could be a little meater. But other then that. Great Place. Priced well as well.
The BF and I went here last night for dinner and it was pretty good. The place is really close to our house, so I'm surprised we hadn't been here before, but we had a living social deal that was on the brink of expiration so we had to go use it! This restaurant is fairly cute inside with adequate seating and a neat looking phone booth thing in the back. I ordered Tom's favorite sandwich or something like that. It had pulled pork with onions, hot peppers, some sauce, amongst other unidentifiable foods. I thought the sandwich was tasty, but the bread was really wet and the whole thing was falling apart. The BF got a bbq pork sandwich and it was good, not the most flavorful sandwich in the universe, but not bad. Despite this not being the most exciting place to eat, I will definitely be back because it is close to my house and they have vienna beef hotdogs (which is what I'm totally getting next time....yum!).
I personally love Toms BBQ while they are a small hole in the wall place (which I personally think the best foods come from) they serve an amazing array of BBQ options. The pulled pork sandwich is a never fail option of for me, served with a tablespoon of coleslaw and just the right amount of bbq sauce( be sure ask for their hot sauce if you like a little kick). My Fiance loves their fried fish(fried perfectly and has just the right amount of breading) and ribs(which are always juicy and full of meat). Overall this is one of my favorite lunch spots.
It looked from the outside like a small place,  so when my buddy and I went in, we really weren't expecting much --- but let me tell you --- this is an incredible BBQ joint.  Honestly probably the best BBQ I've ever had.  I find myself craving their BBQ pulled pork sandwiches on practically a daily basis.  It's juicy, and so tender.  I've never had pork this tender before.  They serve it with some cole slaw, and if you want, a side.  I always get their AMAZING potato salad.  I thought my mother made the best potato salad on the planet, but I'm now convinced (Sorry, Mom) that Tom's is the best.  

If you haven't had a chance to make it to this gem of a BBQ place, I suggest you do.  My buddy that was with me is from Chicago so he had high expectations on the hot beef sandwich, and couldn't stop raving about it.  

Tom's BBQ --- if you love good homemade smoked and grilled goodness you'd be insane to not eat here!
Totally agree with another reviewer.  I've lived in Memphis which has sweet BBQ sauce or dry rub, Kansas City which has spicy sauce with a little kick, and Texas which serves savory BBQ and savory sauce.  I've eaten Carolina BBQ in the Carolinas for their vinegar and mustardy sauces.  I went to Chicago for their dogs and pizza, but Chicago doesn't have it's own BBQ.  

Believe it or not though, this was not the worst BBQ I've ever had, but far from the best.  

The sauce did have its own unique flavor, just not sure if I liked it or not.  It was different, had almost an Asian taste to it.  So, I probably wouldn't go back.  I'll keep searching for good BBQ in the valley.
Ordered a combo platter to go--rib tips and tri-tip.

The rib tips are different in that there's no "rack" of bones... they seem to cut off the ends through the cartilage area.  Upside is no bones and a good amount of meat.  Downside is gotta proceed with a bit of caution as there are bits of cartilage in what looks like a chunk of meat.

Sauce and flavour is pretty good--I have no idea whether it's authentic Chicago style or not.  But the ribs definitely did not have that slow cooked BBQ taste.

But the prices are pretty affordable and the menu is big with pulled pork, sausages/links, chicken, fried fish, and fried catfish and some sandwiches, too.  I don't think I'll get more ribs here but the other things look like they're worth trying.

Ambience is casual (at this site) but place is clean enough.
I only get out here a few times a year and am always delighted at how good this place is. The Italian beef rules!
I work pretty close so I go to Tom's all the time. Pulled pork sandwich and the No Bones About It platter are awesome. Not a fan of the rib tips though... Quick service and a decent price.
I'm from TX so I know good bbq and I thought this place was good but not to die for.  I don't think I would come back if we are ever in the area.  You order up front and the lady at the counter was nice enough.  Their restroom is kind of "hidden" which was a neat quirk.  

If you live in the area or are in the area and want some bbq, definitely give it a try for yourself but don't come out here just for the food.  THat's my take.
Here's my take.  The BBQ is good.  I sampled the ribs, rib tips and the brisket.  The sauce, however, is average.  For me personally, it could use a little more acid (vinegar).  The hot sauce (not BBQ) is pretty good.

The Italian beef is very tasty and the fried mushrooms and pickles are great.  My brother had the fish and chips, which seem odd at a BBQ joint, but he enjoyed them.  I saw a sign that said they have all you can eat fish and chips on Fridays.

There's also some food challenge which includes 3 sandwiches and 2 fried sides.  Finish it and you get $32.  It doesn't seem that daunting to me, but it looks like there are only a handful of winners.
I have been at quite a few BBQ restaurants (originally from the south.) I found it be pretty decent! I have the pulled pork; it wasn't dry, the BBQ sauce was really good! It reminded me of the BBQ place I would go to back home. I would recommend this place!
When I was here two years ago I remember really liking the potato salad and the pie, especially the really good pie crust, but not being highly impressed with the BBQ sauce and rib. Today the whole thing meal wowed me. I got the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich with potato salad on the side and all were delicious. The pulled pork was melt-in-your-mouth tender and there was a generous portion on the $5.99 sandwich. It was mild in flavor and not over salted. The BBQ sauce was not overly spicy nor overly sweet and was perfect on the pork. Even the pickle slice, while not very big, was delicious and top quality. I'll have to come back to try the Italian Beef and Catfish.
Ridiculously good barbecue. I ordered the two meat meal with brisket and rib tips with macaroni salad and bbq beans for sides. The Brisket and rib tips were excellent. Perfect smoke flavor, nice crisp "bark," and tangy sweet bbq perfectly coating the meat. The macaroni salad is amazing and the baked beans are good too.  I'm stuffed right now, yet craving more. Tom's is awesome. This is one great bbq joint, "no butts about it!"
Great BBQ, excellent service. Had a half rack of ribs and could barely finish it. Sauce is a little sweeter than I like, but no real complaints. I left full and happy.
Love it!  Now a new fave. 

Only complaint was that there seemed to be only one chick working the front, and it could have been more efficient/productive if she had some help.

But the food is delicious, well worth the money.  Their BBQ is to die for, can't wait to go back!
I tried Tom's for the first time today in my qwest for tasty barbecue close to home.  I had a brisket sandwich with fries.  The brisket was tender and smokey.  I just happen to not be a fan of sweet BBQ sauce and Tom's sauce almost bowled me over with the smell and flavor of cinnamon or nutmeg in the sauce.  The only other sauce option appeared to be hot.  I would have scored this place better if there was another sauce option.  Other than that the establishment was clean and the staff friendly.  I would definitely recommend this to people who enjoy the sweet BBQ sauce.
The food was overpriced and not very good. The staff is rude, I ordered a sandwich with no peppers and it was smothered in peppers. I had been to the one on McKellips and was happy. The Country Club is somewhere I will never go again.
Excellent cafeteria tray style bbq with cool combos, good sauces, beer, and quality food. Can't go wrong with this authentic bbq
Have been going here for 4-5 years now and never had a meal that was not excellent. I used to have the BBQ but lately have been having the Italian Beef sandwich, which is also very good. Only issue is that sometimes they put too much sauce on it and the bread falls apart so I get it dry and dip it in the sauce myself.

Curly fries are great but the serving is too big for me (wish they would sell a 1/2 serving which is still enough for 2 people. Their regular fries are also very good. 

Michele does an excellent job here and you will be happy with just about anything!
Sorry Tom. But this ones for you. It's all about the food and service for me. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with onions strings. Very friendly service at the register. I got my food very quickly. It was a Tuesday and kids eat free on Tuesdays! Love that. But when I got my food my pulled pork sandwich was super soggy, when you bite into the pulled pork sandwich it's a mixture of water juices and soggy bread with a load of BBQ sauce on 1 side of the sandwich. So I got myself some extra BBQ sauce and tried picking this thing up to eat it and it just falls apart everywhere. This is a sandwich you will most likely need a fork for. If you like licking your fingers and making a mess, go for it! The onion strings were good, really greasy and I would prefer needing to be a little crispier...but they were good. All in all the service is great very nice staff, very nice place.i will need to test out the brisket next.... And then the ribs. This is strike one, maybe they can make a home run with me next time.
I always enjoy trying new styles of bbq, this is Chicago style bbq! Being from Texas you get used just one style TEXAS! The location is in a strip mall a decent but not very desirable area. When I first walked in the place had interesting decor from the bathroom doors being a Pepsi machine! The wait was a little long to order at the counter but I'm a patient man. I ordered up the brisket sand which basket came w one side and a pickle for about $10. Little over priced but it did come w a drink. The brisket was served w a little fat which I like and the sauce was good. The  potato salad tasted pre made from a tub. I'd recommend trying the place once but not sure I'll be back as there are certainly better bbq in phx.
In impressed! 6/3/14 The staff were less than happy to see me. The sandwich was small and there is too much cinnamon in there sauce. The pulled pork was lacking flavor. Fries were ok.
BBQ is one of my favorite past times. The food here is pretty good but nothing to write home about. Maybe the menu is just too big or they have spread themselves a little too thin.

Inside is decorated with all sorts of items from the Chicago area. The walls are covered with plenty to look at and they even have an old timey phone booth in the back section. Ring ring!

Been here a few times and usually get some of the Brisket and possible a Hot Link. The meat is always tender and not dry like other places. The BBQ sauce is just a little too sweet for this bad boy. Would like to see a sauce with less stickiness per square inch. Maybe there is just too much molasses or corn syrup in there.

They also offer a large variety of many of the Chicago favorites. Chicago Dogs, Italian Beefs, so forth and so on. Maybe I'll take the Dog for a walk around the block next time.

Service is always friendly. Maybe too friendly. I'm usually in a hurry and sometimes do not feel like chatting about life's particulars. You do have to give them credit for trying. Some places just give you the stink eye and expect you to be happy.

Going with an average score of A-OK on this puppy. Give them a try and see what you think. I'll probably be back again for one of their lunch specials. Maybe I'll bring my own sauce. WUZ UP!

3.25 STARS
Everything is great except for the fried wings. The wings are very bland and have no flavor. The BBQ WAS Incredible, the beans, mashed potatoes, gravy, and oh the onion strings are incredible.
I was in the area when this little cafe caught my eye.

It was early so they  were only serving breakfast.

Great menu selections at very affordable prices. Super friendly waitress, Fresh made salsa bar.....YUM!

I got the Huevos Rancheros I think it was $5.50 (see pics)
It was totally Delicious!! Loves that sauce with chunks of jalapenos, it had such a good flavor without being too spicy.

Guest had a breakfast Burrito Enchilada style with eggs, bacon, potato and cheese...$3.50 (see pics)

This location is only open for breakfast and lunch, but they also do alot of catering if your in need. 
I was told they bought another restaurant around the corner that will be open for dinner...coming soon.

I'll be back next time I'm in the area.
Great place for breakfast. Not your typical bacon and eggs. They the borderline special. Dammm good.
They've moved to a new location on 2nd street.  We met a out-of-state friend here, half way between PHX & TUS. I figured to give her a good taste of the southwest. Since I don't live in Casa Grande, I thought I'd check user reviews from multiple internet sites.  Wrong!

The food was just so so.  The wait staff don't have a clue on how the food is prepared.  Apparently the food is prepared differently by different cooks (chefs?).  It's a crap shoot. 

I expect guacamole to be made with avocados, not green sour cream with undefinable lumps in it. As for the award winning green chili pork, I can't for the life of me understand what competition they won. 

It's a nice place to eat if you like so-so food and a unknowledgable wait staff.
"I don't know I just work here" should sum up the service given at border line. This was the answer I got to a question from the one and only employee we could find in the restaurant. She was impatient with taking our order.
Often the little hole in the wall restaurants have some of the best food.  That is not the case here.  And it smells funny.  Not funny ha-ha, funny raw meat, slaughter house funny.

The tamales were nothing special and they too smelled funny.  I'm sure there is better Mexican food to be found in Casa Grande.  That doesn't smell funny.  Ha-ha or strange.
I never get tired of this place! I am originally from Casa Grande and WHENEVER I get down there to visit I ALWAYS get my Lil Sombrero!! This is a small family owned business that has been around over 50 years and is just classic. Don't let the old look fool you. I guarantee you will not be disappointed!!
Little Som B is a Casa Grande staple.  Yes, it looks like an old gas station.  Yes, you have to sit outside when it is 115 degrees.   Yes, the misters are terrible and will only soak your shirt.  Yes, I will keep coming back.  I often order the taco with shredded beef and extra cheese and a cheese crisp.  It is fantastic.  It is the real deal Mexican food not a stripped down American version.

Bring your appetite and cash, no debit or credit cards allowed, and make sure to leave your "why am I buying this through a small window it must be terrible" mentality behind.
I lived in Casa Grande from 1972 thru 1978, and I had been a regular customer throughout those years, eating there at least once or twice weekly.  Everything I've ever ordered was never a disappointment.  Little Sombrero has its distinctive taste.  When I traveled back to Casa Grande in October 2009 for a class reunion, a mandatory stop as far as I was concerned was Little Sombrero.  I can honestly say that in the 30+ years since I was a regular, the only thing that changed was the obvious/expected price increases, but the quality and atmosphere was as if I had stepped back in time to the 70s!  Excellent!  Excellent!  Excellent!  They even had the same tables, same taco sauce containers, same great taste, and same friendly personalities.  This is one of those places that you definitely need to pull off Interstate 10 and drive to even if you have no other business in Casa Grande.  Outstanding!
40+ years in business at the same location can give you an idea how consistently fresh and delicious the food is. You won't be disappointed so go and try the whole menu!
Been eating here since before I was old enough to pronounce "cheese crisp"!  Whenever I visit family in Arizona I always have to stop at this gem of Casa Grande.  Call ahead and go through the "drive through".  There are tables to eat out front, but most people get take out.
This place has been at the same location for maybe 40 plus years... That has to account for something and it does. The food is delicious and inexpensive. Try everything on the menu and find what tickles your fancy. The American side of the menu can give any burger joint a run for there money. Just plain awesomeness!!! Viva bean burrito enchilada style!!
My husband and I decided to try Little Sombrero for lunch a few days ago, because both of us love Mexican food (burritos are probably my husby's favorite meal). We were not expecting anything much, and sadly, we got even less than we were expecting. I should have known something was wrong when they didn't have carne asada or pico de gallo, but we were hungry, so we gave it a chance.

Both of us ordered burritos. I ordered mine with a lot of extra stuff on it, because I love taste and spice (I had a chicken burrito with green chile sauce, tomatoes, cheese, beans, lettuce, and sour cream). I asked for pico de gallo, but they didn't have it. My husband got a regular chicken burrito. He asked for guacamole, but they forgot it. Everything was BLAND, BLAND, BLAND! Although I could see the green chile sauce, it didn't taste like anything. The chicken was tasteless, the tortilla was soggy. All of the ingredients tasted like someone went to Walmart, bought a bunch of bulk canned food off the bottom shelf, and then slapped it into a factory tortilla without adding any kind of flavoring, not even salt. Absolutely disgusting. I've eaten better hospital food.

We paid $13 for a plate I took home and fed to the dog. We will definitely not be back.
I think Jim W. is too interested in getting a "funny" rating and not so much rating the establishment itself.  

What everyone ELSE is saying is true.  It IS like finding a Honus Wagner in a vintage cigar box.   Once the box is opened and the treasure is found...you WILL keep coming back no matter how splintery the benches are...how hot it is...or how informal it is.  

The Bean Burro Enchilada Style is INSAAAAAANE!!  :)
Oh Little Some B!!!!! The first love of my life! 
Nothing has changed, since I was 4 years old. The grey trash cans, the brown plastic trays....the green awning....
LSB is a CG staple. I always get the ground beef taco (crisp) with extra cheese, side of beans, and a cheese crisp. It will rock your world! Take it from a CG native. You can't go wrong. The best Mexican food that ever was!
My first job as a teenager was at Little Sombrero working in the back, washing dishes, doing some food prep and cleaning.  The best part of working there was the free food during my break.  Their food is amazing in my opinion and will always be my favorite restaraunt.  It is also probably one of the cleanest I have been exposed to.  The inside of the restaraunt is meticulously cleaned by a nifty system of doing one corner every hour or so.  I hope when Bob and Stella retire one of their children carry on the tradition.  I do not want to think of a CG without  "Little Hat."
Love the owners. Excellent food and fast.   Great prices
I have been coming here since High School love the food
Lobe the food I always get a deep fried bean burrito enchilada style. I also love the crunchy tacos and chicken enchiladas. The guy is so nice when I go. Always cutting up.
One of the best Dives in CG. Food is amazing, one of our favorites!
Very authentic mexican food! Great smothered buritto and friendly staff. We always take it home to eat because the outside seating is not that nice.
Visitors looking for authentic Mexican food should visit Little Sombrero with outdoor picnic tables or Ricardo's with indoor seating. Both are fantastic!
The best green chili burrito on this planet.  Went to the old Casa Grande Union High School - graduated in 1979, and ate at this place at least 3-4 times per week. I live in Vegas now, but when I'm in Casa Grande, I have to stop by and get my green chili burrito and cherry sprite fix. Pure heaven. 

Now for the non-initiated. The place is a dive. You can order from the walk-up window or drive up. Since there are cattle feed yards all over Pinal County - there are lots of flies. I don't care where you are in this county - there are tons of flies. So be warned. If you eat at the picnic tables, the flies will find you. Plus, at times, transients from the nearby park wander around, asking for handouts. So, if flies and transients bother you, use the drive up window. But, by all means, if you're in the area - you definitely need to try their green chili burrito's. You will not be disappointed.
I Took the Yelper advice and ordered green chile burro enchilada style. It was good!
I was craving some Mexican food last night and looked up yelp for some places. That's when I looked arund for Little Sombrero and followed fellow yelper's advice and ordered the green chile burrito.
    The service was pretty fast, I think they might have precooked the burrito because I didn't see anyone making anything and BAM, my burrito showed up at the window. It costed 5 something for a fairly sloppy burrito that was wrapped very loosely and had what I think was cheese ooze out from every angle so I had to use a fork and knife.

    The burrito itself was just OK. I'm not sure what constitutes as "green chile" but it was plain enough to warrant more salsa than I was given. Maybe I have been spoiled by San Diego's plethora of Mexican food and giant carne asada and shrimp burritos. And where was the guac?
While you'd think sitting just off the main road - as in 10 feet - would detract, it somehow added to the allure of Little Sombrero.  The tamale was a top five ever.
Well first of all when you offer a chili verde burro of any color I'd hope it would at least have flavor I even tryed to spice it up a bit with the salsa they have to offer lets just say this is the second worst place I've ever had a burrito this bad first being a hole in the wall place located in marfa tx. That being said I noticed a Filibertos on my way to the little sombrero, next time ill be sure not to pass it up
Pretty decent fare. I ordered their special which includes a beef taco, cheese enchilada, tamale, and refried beans for about $7, pretty good deal, however soft drinks are extra and extremely overpriced so I paid about $10. The meal was decent, I'd come back if a friend wanted to eat here, but I really wish I would have shelled the extra $5 and went to the Macayo's down the road.
I was weaned on this place & every time I visit CG I come straight. here! Green chili cheeses crisp, bean burrito enchilada style SO GOOD!!! Green & red chili burritos are also super super delish.
Me & two colleagues were starving as we were driving from Phoenix to Tucson. One of them was not going to make it so we stopped off in the town of Casa Grande. 
We drove around about 15 minutes before we found a restaurant. One of my colleagues was in the mood for authentic Mexican so this place caught his eye. 

Its a takeout joint that has a window that separates you and the kitchen that has the old school benches in the front to heat on a hot ass Arizona day. they have sprinklers up above that cool you off which is nice as it was 100 degrees out. They gave us a sample plate of all their meats and they all were delicious. I decided to go with the shredded chicken burrito as I figured it would be the safe route to go. The burrito was juicy and delicious and hit the spot. They had a really nice fruit punch to go with it as well. 

The man and woman (I presume to be owners) were very nice and accommodating to us. They seemed very happy to be serving a couple of out of towners. Good people, good service and good food
Price is right. Food tastes bland though. Nothing special for us anyways. We live in PNW & we have better Mexican food restaurants.
pretty good food descent for Casa grande!! Haven't had too much luck finding good Mexican food like they have in California ! But this place was descent !! We ordered to go and they gave us s food in a card board box thought it was pretty funny! Hate that they only take cad but other than that it's a good place....
Have been to this place several times for lunch while working in Casa Grande. The food is probably the best in town! Don't expect the quality you'll get in Phoenix or Tucson. However you will get a quality meal that taste good.  They have excellent lunch specials! If your looking for a good place to eat at  while visiting Casa Grade or Driving down I-10, this place is good stop for a good Mexican meal.
Okay, so this won't win any awards for curb appeal, atmosphere, or even friendly service....BUT the food is some of the best Mexican cuisine I've had in this state.  It has a very authentic southwestern flavor.  Cheese Chicken Enchaladas, two eggs over easy, with a little  of the home made salsa and you'll be set!  So Keep your eyes off the floor, chin up, fork in hand, and indulge....I won't tell anyone I saw you there ;-)
Good food! The beans are made by the owners mother! And she refuses to give her secret recipe... :-)
Mi Amigo Ricardo is a Casa Grande staple. True, the food is not 5-star gourmet Mexican food, but it offers a tremendous value. It is great food, served fresh and fast. The prices are very reasonable. I have always found the staff to be friendly, and the owners are usually hanging around the front register to greet people and send them off after their meal. Regulars are noted and greeted as such.

The pizza-sized cheese crisp is a must! However, I'm not crazy about the salsa. It's on the tables in ketchup bottles, and is too runny for my taste. To each his own, though. The combos are the best -- a huge plate of good food for a price you can't beat unless you go to Taco Bell, whose food is inedible.
I live in Chicago and my father in law took me to Mi Amigo Ricardo when we were on vacation in Arizona. This place feels like home and I hope to go back every time with visit the Phoenix area. I was introduced to the owner and his sister. My father in law told the owner that I like to make tamales so the owner came to our table and talked to me for 45 minutes about tamales. He brought over their tamales and let me try them. Also he gave me some of their chile powder for free for me to take home. This was so nice of him and I will never forget how great they were here and can't wait to go back.
Very Good Service, I can't take the smell in here, maybe they need to re vamp the place a bit, its a little out dated but, very good food. 
I have to admit., Im a sucker for good atmosphere, I believe it adds to the experience of eating out. 
I would come back to this place because the food is very authenthic, however I will get my mind ready for the scent.
What really matters: beans, tortillas, hot sauce.  They've got them and they're really good!  Get the bean burro enchilada style and sprinkle with salt!
I love love love love this place! Since I'm born and raised in this small town, this family owned resturant is my favorite place to eat at. No matter how many times I eat here, it never gets old. The service is great! Right when you sit down someone comes to give you water as well as chips and salsa. There's no need to ask or wait long because it comes right away. Mexican music is playing in the background, so it really does give off a cozy feel to the whole place.

The cheese crisps are delicious!! I've been trying to make them and let me tell you they don't even come close. I always order the bean burrito enchilada style. Get it! Ever since someone recommended it to me I haven't been able to try anything else.
I wasn't impressed by the food here, had much better. The beans were ok, rice bland, meat (beef/chicken) not that well seasoned. The salsa was ok. We got the fiesta meal to try a little of everything. The food was not bad at all, just not that great.
Ricardos is my favorite sit-down restaraunt in CG. The food is consistently great and the staff is also great.
Mi Amigo Ricardo's is our favorite Mexican Restaurant in Casa Grande.  We eat there a couple of times each month.  Our favorite entree is #14.  Chicken Fajitas.  Tasty grilled chicken with peppers and onions, refried beans and rice, flour torilllas, with chunky salsa and guacamole!  The BEST!  Reasonably priced and more than you can eat.  We usually take half home.
I finally got to Mi Amigo Ricardo's, last night. I had been looking forward to going after a friend recommended it and after noticing the full parking lot on many occasions.  But as it sometimes goes with anticipation and high expectations, I was disappointed.

Chips and salsa to start...I've honestly had better salsa from Target. My four year old daughter ate it, and she can't eat anything with even a hint of spice. My friend ordered the guacamole and it was ok, needed a little salt and a squeeze of lime.

I ordered the Fiesta Plate which starts with a cheese crisp.  There was so much cheese that there was no 'crisp', but the kids sure liked it.  The highlight of the Fiesta Plate was the enchilada, which was actually quite good.  The beef Flauta wasn't bad either, just on the tough side.  The taco is where this rating went from an edible 3 to a 2.  The shell was a commercial hard taco from Old El Paso or some other such brand! Seriously, that's the best they could do?!  Every taco my Irish mother has ever made was better than this one.  They could have at least added some Old el Paso taco seasoning to the bland ground beef (yep you heard me right).  Head o Xavier's Casa Reynoso in Mesa if you want a good taco.  Order the Machaca Taco and tell them Tara sent you.

Thank goodness for the good company!

Sorry Ricardo's you're a 'no-go'.
This is the first restaurant I ate at in Casa Grande when I moved to Arizona 4 years ago and it's a favorite of mine the food / service is very good and friendly! The prices are reasonable and you get big portions. It's just hard to decide what to get because it's all good!
Although this restaurant is constantly being praised by the people of this city, I see nothing worthy of such praise. The salsa is the saltiest I've ever encountered and accompanied by stale chips. When you order a chicken burrito, thats really all you get. It's a rolled up tortilla with subpar chicken in it. Where's the sour cream? Oh thats extra. Where's the beans? Extra. Where's the rice? Extra. Where's the guacamole? extra. By the time you build it into a great burrito, it has grown to double the price. 

If you like bare bones and bland food...go for it. At least it'll be cheap.
Surprisingly bland and tasteless, but must be popular, as it was very crowded on a Saturday lunch.  Beans are delish, tho.
Any amigo of Ricardo's is an amigo of mine.

I stopped here for a late lunch because the place looked local and authentic, unlike the bright-and-shiny Macayo's down the street. The hot-tortilla scent wafting through the door was so enticing that I was not off-put by the "Cash Only -- Sorry" sign but did another loop around town to find a bank and get cash.

Ricardo and his amigos had me at "free chips and salsa." It is rare in Phoenix to get fresh, hot chips. The salsa is salsa: it's the taco sauce-esque kind. The chips are so delightfully hot and crisp and salty that this scarcely matters.

Beef fajitas were excellent: the beef was juicy, the onions were caramelized, the guacamole was splendid with avocados, the tortillas tasted fresh. Heck, the beans tasted fresh. And I ate the rice. I ordinarily abhor the rice. 

All this, with friendly and cheerful service, was only $9.95, when it would have been $14.95 in Phoenix and probably delivered blandly and sullenly as well. This is "comfort Mexican" food -- and by that standard, it's better than the vast majority of what I've tried in Arizona.
The food is really not good.
This Close To The Border I Expected Good Mexican Food

The restaurant was full and everyone looked happy.  We were told 15 minutes for a table and were thrilled when it was just under that.  Forty-five minutes later - yes FORTY-FIVE - we received our bean tostada (which had to be sent back) and beef fajita - neither of which had any flavor.  

Don't bother.

On our way out we saw a tent across the street for "Fry Bread" and went to investigate Big Bertha.  SO sorry we didn't have this instead!
I don't know about all those negative reviews but we stopped at Mi Amigo's on the way to Tucson coming from Ca. We were greeted by Ricardo at the front door. He led us to our table and proceeded to tell us the history of "MiAmigo" and introduced us to our waitress, Ricardo's sister.(Barbara ) She was very attentive and made several suggestions to order. Ricardo had told that everything is made fresh from his mothers recipe's. The restaurant had just celebrated their 30th anniversary. Barbara brought several of their salsa's and chilies to taste along with chips. Cutting to the quick I ordered the Chimichanga Burrito with enchilada sauce. I ordered because you can order it with the ingredients that you want in it. Best I ever had! I was with 3 other family members and they enjoyed what they had ordered. Service was excellent. After we ate Ricardo came back with a plethora of tourist attractions to do in Tucson. Enjoy your meal at "Mi Amigo Ricardo .I would definately recommend this fine restaurant and plan to stop by again when we are in the area.
I used to go to Mi Amigo every time I was in Casa Grande on my trips, and it was always good. I had not been there lately. Yesterday, I went with my family and it was a big disappointment. You get red sauce with 
chips no salsa. The cheese crisp came cold. The taco,enchilada,
tamale,flauta was sub par. Very disappointed.
So far, this is my favorite mexican restaurant in Casa Grande.  I don't know why it has two $$... it was super affordable to eat here, especially for what we got!  I appreciated the 70's ranch-style vintage layout of the restaurant and the booths. I'm a stickler about comfort and interior design--to be honest it's almost as important to me as the food.  This restaurant has good personality.  It's not a boring chain like so many other places.  The booths are super comfy.  Their food was affordable and delicious, the servings were big, our server was really nice, and (unlike the experience of some other reviewers) we didn't have to wait at all.  It wasn't too busy.  Definitely support this place!
We were told that this was a great restaurant by friends, and indeed, the service is amazing.  They welcome you, they bring you everything you need. 

I ordered the meatball soup, and it was wonderful.  Spicy, nearly playing in my mouth.  I got so excited!  I thought, this is going to be our new mexican place!

Then the food came.  It was not terrible, but it just had no spices, no kick, no flavor...it was bland.  I had a chimichanga and my husband had a burrito.  He layered the salsa for the dip (obviously canned, by the way, no chunks...boring) on top of the burrito to spice it up.

I wish it had
Mi Amigo Ricardo is a local favorite.  Evenings find the parking lot  filled to capacity  so, I was excited when my husband surprised me with an early dinner.
Entering I was impressed with the friendly staff, lovely hand painted murals and overall cleanliness.  We were seated immediately (early Sunday supper), chips and salsa also delivered pronto.    If you ever had Mexican food in the Midwest c. 1968, or your mother attempted Mexican from the Time Life cookbooks this is the fare served at Ricardo's.  Absolutely nothing wrong with this, it is Mexican cuisine  for the timid palate with portions verging on those of most American restaurants.  The salsa (served in little carafes) tasted tenuously spicy (definitely not homemade) and the chips were served in something akin to a child's salad bowl.  We asked for a hotter salsa and were given a delicious jalapeo sauce similar to a cooked pico de gallo: yum!   My husband ordered the Chihuahua plate; shredded beef flautas, rice and beans and I ordered a simple bean and guacamole tostada.  Both plates reminded me of something my mother cooked at home when we lived in Minnesota (c.1968) with no access to authentic Mexican comestibles other than copious amounts of Iceberg lettuce.  I'm not by any means dismissing Ricardo's food. Sometimes a bit of zeitgeist is good for the soul. Also, you cannot discount the friendly, warm and welcoming atmosphere.
Mi Amigo Ricardo is an authentic Mexican restaurant in Casa Grande that any local will tell is worth a go at least once, and being a resident of Eloy I will tell you no different.

One of the few restaurants in town still  family owned and operated, entering Ricardo's you feel a sense of hominess. The employees are very  friendly, and the service is very quick and  accommodating. I have been to this restaurant during its lunch and dinner rushes, and while it does get packed often, I still found my order arriving in the same amount of time that it would had I come when it was empty.  While the food may not be the best Mexican food you'll ever have, it has a home cooked look and taste that you simply cannot get from, say, Macayo's. Prices are very affordable when compared to other restaurants, and the average price of a plate of food and a drink can be as low as about 10 dollars, and if their combination plates don't appeal to you, they also have variety of foods that you can order a le cart. But be warned, ordering in this fashion is where it can become a bit pricey. Each meal comes with a glass of water, nasty tasting tap, never ending bowl of chips, and salsa, more of a semi spicy tomato sauce. This is great if you don't make the mistake of filling up on chips before your order has arrived. 

It is for these reasons that Ricardo's remains a local favorite. It may not be the absolute perfect restaurant, but it is one that I have been coming to for many years, and one I will continue going to for many more
Amidst a sea of chain restaurants along a seemingly endless row of strip malls, I expected this little Mom & Pop to at least try to compete. We should have stopped at the complimentary chips and salsa because everything we actually paid for was bland... even the service!
This little Mexican restaurant is a favorite of the locals. Service is always friendly fast and professional. The food is always consistent and priced right. Great place for a large group.
I love their bean burritos. I guess I'm pretty boring, because it's all I ever get. However, strangely enough, their burger is super good. Great staff and pretty good price.
Pleasantly surprised.

Some family drove up from Tucson to meet me and my fiancee in Casa Grande - this is halfway for us, as I travel from Scottsdale.  The waitress was really good this time, but we have had terrible service previously from a guy.  We just knew this time not to sit in his section.

I ordered chicken fajitas, and my fiancee ordered a chimichanga.  Mine was pretty good - a slight bit greasy on the chicken, even though I asked them not to cook any of my food in oil.  The beans are really good, and corn tortillas were excellent.
Love this place everything is usually always great. Its in my home town so when I am home visiting I make sure I eat here at least once. 
My only complaint is the decor is tacky and outdated. But then again who cares the foods great.
Upon a recent visit to Casa Grande, we were told by our hosts that we would be going to the best Mexican restaurant they have ever been to.  Pretty bold statement.  Should have read the Yelp reviews first.  As others have pointed out, the place was quite busy, but we only had to wait about a minute for a table.

The salsa is nothing more than tomato juice with pepper flakes.  Might make a good bloody Mary base.  There is nothing exotic on their menu.  Typical culinarily deficient food described as Mexican, burritos, chimichangas, tostadas and enchiladas.  Upon a recommendation from our hosts, my wife tried a burrito with shredded beef.  I ordered the green chile.

As far as the burrito goes, all you get is meat and a tortilla shell.  If you want cheese, you must order and pay for it.  If you want sour cream, you must order and pay for it.  Basically, anything beyond the meat and shell, you will pay for.  The shredded beef had no flavor.  Quite a bit like the meat in Dinty Moore stew.

I love green chile.  I know what green chile should be like.  I have trouble describing this green chile.This was the oddest food substance disguised as green chile I have ever experienced.  It was like someone put green chiles and cubed meat (perhaps armadillo?) in a white gravy base.  It was pudding thick.  It had no flavor.  I have no idea where they have ever had green chile.  Another diner at our table had the red chile, which was the same as the green only with a red gravy base.  I was at a loss for words while trying to figure out this dish.

On the good side, they really are quite friendly and the rice was palatable.  Judging by the demographic that frequents this restaurant, salt is the only seasoning they know.  I can't stress this enough, just because the place is busy does not translate into good food.  It translates into a demographic that has given up on life and will eat anything put in front of them as long as there is salt.

Taco Bell is a four-star restaurant compared to this place.
Goundbeef in a taco is not authentic. I tried it once and chuckle every time I drive by. This place is a joke for Mexican food. 

If you consider Taco Bell Mexican, this is the place for you.
I've come here a few times for happy hour and also with group of friends for a birthday party. The food is pretty good. I've tried steak fajitas and quasedillas among other things and they were both commendable. They have really good margaritas as well.
I've eaten at this Garduno's as well as a couple in Albuquerque. The food is consistently good, if not a tad overpriced for the quantity you receive. Service is usually decent, although a few times I had to ask for refills on my beverage, which is a no-no with me if you want a really good tip. The decor at all of them is very nice with a very comfortable atmosphere. The Chandler location used to have a roaming female mariachi band who were superb, but I haven't seen them for awhile.
I'd recommend this restuarant, but beware the carne adobada. That was the hottest stuff I've ever tasted.
Aaahhh, nothing much, especially for the prices.  Eaten here twice, don't anymore because the food isn't that good for the price.
This place is a little over the top and the building itself is certainly impressive. Sadly the food is pretty much your average Mexican fare. Maybe they should consider investing some of the millions they have in architecture into top chefs producing amazing recipes?

Good service, good food, a little overpriced.
I went here for the 1st time for Happy Hour with some friends from work.  $4 house margaritas are pretty good.  Happy Hour included a Mexican buffet.  Enchiladas, rice, beans, nachos, salsa.  Pretty much dinner...all very good, particularly for a free buffet!

So, dinner and a couple margaritas: $8.  That works.

Our waitress Shannon was great.  She was super attentive and had a great sense of humor.

The atmosphere here is interesting without being fancy-schmancy.
Garduno's is spicy. Yeah, yeah, yeah... I know. I'm a white guy, what do I know about spicy food.  Well, I'll tell you a little secret.  I'm 1/8 Hispanic and 1/8 Native American.  That makes me an expert!

I always get the Carne Adobada Burrito when I go here.  Its that one dish that stops you from venturing deeper into the menu.  You know the one.  You go to a place and say "I'm gonna try something different this time" but when you arrive, you lose all sense of bearings and before you know it you are ordering the same dish again and again.
This burrito is one hot little firecracker, but don't underestimate it's punch.  It will seduce you, enter your mouth, and surprise you with a juicy slap.  Much like Big Mama's hand across your face after doing a load of dishes! Be warned!

The food is great.  They finish you off with the Sopapillas with honey and it makes you all sticky with pleasure.  They are like warm, soft, billowy clouds of fluffy dough melting in your mouth.

The service is meaty okra (Thanks Ron!) but it gets the job done despite its careless, and dilly-dally approach to serving.

The Food: 5
The Service: 3
Average: 4

The spiciness of the Carne Adobada is exponentially proportional to the number of times you reheat your leftovers.
Okay, so I have been here more than a handful of times.  This is not authentic Mexican food, but with that being said there are some good things to be eaten here, like the chicken tacos.  Just don't order the beans and rice, not that good.

This place is really about a mind blowing brunch buffet!!!  it is pricey but if you are with a group, celebrating, or with your loved one it is a great place to go!  The options are a plenty, with regular breakfast items to enchiladas, fajitas, posole, menudo, made to order omelets, eggs benedict, biscuits and gravy, chicken fried steak, and it just goes on!  Also, the sweets- yum!  They have belgian waffles with all the fruit topping and extras, dessert fondue that is to die for!

Chips and salsa here are great, and they have good sopapillas too!

It is a wonderful Mother's Day treat or once in a while Sunday brunch outing.
Went here yesterday for lunch before seeing Transformers. Guess it's now called Camarones. Either way, the decor is still the same, which is great, because it's an absolutely stunning restaurant. Just beautiful!
We ordered a 5-item combo ($15!!!) - who lets you do that?!
We tried the chicken tacos, cheese enchiladas (with their own red/cream cheese sauce) and a chicken stuffed sopapilla. Holy hell, it was so good! 
The service was great - our gal was really on top of things. 
But really. Try the chicken sopapilla stuff. AMAZING.
OH! And no split plate charge! YAY!
While on a business trip to Florence, and friend recommended 2 Mexican food restaurants in Florence. I've tried the other place (L & B Inn), so I thought I try this one. Bad choice. I had the red chili burrito with a side of rice. The red chili sauce was awful, and the rice was mushy and wet. I would definitely recommend L & B over Old Pueblo, at least for red chili burritos. There was a pretty good crowd in the place, so they must be doing something right. But not right by me.
The food here is pretty good, and it is a welcome departure from the bland Mexican chain restaurants in the phoenix area. Old Pueblo is pretty small, and it is always quite crowded, but it has a nice small town feel to it.
The place is small with a diner feel to it. The waitress Mayra was very friendly and recommended the enchiladas. I am not usually a fan of the enchilada - but she was so enthusiastic I ordered them. I was not disappointed!  The shredded beef was very favorable, tasted like pot roast. The cheese enchilada was delicious!  The sauce was good, salsa is homemade and very good with a little bit of a kick. We are glad we stopped here!
Had the enchiladas - cheese and shredded beef - and some mini chimichangas which were both good. Salsa is fresh and tasty. Friendly service. Will be back next time I'm in Florence!
We went to the Renaissance Festival and didn't want to stop and get fast food so we googled local restaurants and there weren't many choices.  We stopped here and that was a huge mistake.  The place wasn't very busy but it took almost an hour to get our food.  When it finally arrived, one plate was wrong and my son never received his.  The waitress blamed the slow service on the diabetic cook.  The lady who rung us up said the ktichen wasn't slow and proceeded to tell us our waitress didn't even put our entire order in after all.  We heard other tables complaining about the service too, many of them appeared to be locals.  Sad that in a local, small place like this the team cannot even get along and shifts the blame back and forth.  Besides the service, I tasted nothing special about the food and would never return.
Good mexican food. Busy place. Reasonable prices. I recommend it.
We go for the fresh tortillas, and sometimes just buy those and nothing else.  The place is a hole in the wall with charm, and the food is good - but the tortillas are AWESOME.
We went with a large group of people.  I called ahead and they had a table set up for us - service is very, very good.  We were promptly served our drinks, along with chips and salsa.  I liked the chips and salsa a lot.  I ordered a chile relleno and enchilada plate.  It was enough to feed at least two people.  The chile relleno was kind of weird ... like chile strips and cheese mixed together and fried up in a batter - it was OK but way too much cheese for me.  Same with the enchiladas - great sauce and tortillas, but very heavy on the cheese.  Next time I will order the enchiladas and ask for onion and light on the cheese.
I agree with several other reviews that the food could use a lot more seasoning but it was A-ok. The server was very friendly and the food was reasonably fast. The portions were good and the prices fair. The place looked clean and since I am stuck in Florence for work, it is a good little mexican food place to have nearby. I had the sredded beef burrito with green enchilada sauce. My two coworkers had the taco salads and said they were good as well. The chips and salsa were good as well!
Torture, as defined by Webster is the act of deliberately inflicting pain, which is exactly what I did Saturday.
With #19 molar in need of an immediate extraction, I came here anyway, throbbing tooth and all. Big mistake. 

The pre-meal tortilla chips were difficult to resist, igniting nothing short of a masochistic dining event. 
The menudo was white and bland as hell, but the tripe was perfectly cooked. 
My wife's flauta's were crunchy enough to send me through the rafters with each torturous, but delicious bite. 

The only thing I could wolf handily was her refried beans and some handmade flour tortillas which were too, too good. 

I looked like Senator McCain after eating here, but it was worth it.
Had breakfast this morning with 3 adults and a small child. Food was very good, good waitress, but the kitchen was quite slow. Would definitely go back again and try lunch and dinner.
Made a mistake...thought this was the place I had been before several years back. It was not. The food was poor, they added on for sour cream, sauce on my burrito, beans, etc. the bill doubled. No mention of any additional costs by the waitress. The service was equally lacking. They simply didn't seem to care or be happy to be working there. Upon leaving...realized the place I meant to go was only two blocks farther up the street.
Came to Florence for business. Had already been given suggestions by co-workers to go to L&B or Jalapeo but the person at our destination recommended Pueblo. Thinking that they would know best we decided to give it a try. However, I am now thinking we should have gone to her highest recommendation which was the Greek place.  

The restaurant was packed and we were given three options of where to sit.  We shared a long table with four other guests.  Immediately we overheard them complaining to the waitress about their wait time for the food.  The server responded, "The meat is raw and it takes time to cook."  Then two minutes later she walked out with a cheese crisp with some severely shredded meat so I was slightly confused. Then the waitress told one of the patrons there was no chicken.  I thought, why didn't she tell him when he ordered not when his table was getting their food.

We ended up with the same waitress.  She said, "What would you like? Anything but chicken."  I ordered carne asada and my co-worker ordered machaca.  We were told prior to ordering by the hostess that it takes a while to cook those two meals. We weren't in a hurry. After we placed out order we thought maybe we should've said we wanted chicken and leave.

To the food: rice was mush (as other yelpers stated).  The machaca meat I think was shredded beef jerky, extra salty.  Kind of tasted "funny." My co-worker only took a few bites then threw in the napkin.  My bad for thinking the carne asada was a steak plate like it said in the menu description because it was fajitas.  Over cooked vegetables and really confused on what the meat was.  I had a few more bites and then had enough.

The wait staff obviously has a lack of pride for their employer and showed it in their faces especially when two parties of six came in when we were paying our bill and the person who was setting up the tables made a face right in front of everyone.  

Bottom line is I would definitely bypass Pueblo and try some where else....Greek anyone?
Service was a little slow but everybody was super nice and the food was delicious. Homemade tortillas, really greasy and yummy homemade chips. I had the eggschilada with hash browns. Cheesy gooey eggy goodness
No thanks.  There is only one game in town in Florence, and it's called Jalapeos.  No doubt about it.
Small place located in a strip mall.  There are tables and they take  your order but it is nothing fancy.

the food is great, fresh ingredients, good portions at excellent prices.

If you like east coast egg fu young, this is the place for you.  The pork fried rice more like the east coast as well.

Lunch special prices start at $2.99.   3 of us had dinner and were stuffed with some left over for $30.
If you like a good "hole in the wall," and really excellent high quality food, you will love the China Pearl. The food there is very well made and they use very high quality ingredients. If you go, be sure to ask for the salt and pepper shrimp (not on the menu) and be ready for a real treat.
Very good egg flower soup! And authentic dishes... Staff is awesome.
China Pearl is the closest takeout place to my house so I've eaten their food numerous times. It's really pretty good. The egg rolls are decent, not the best I've ever had but fairly tasty. The dumplings are good. The egg foo young is good. The tangerine and orange chicken is good. The fried rice is good. I usually get veggie fried rice and I wish it had water chestnuts and really just more vegetables - the diced carrots and peas seem so "frozen food." Load it up with mushrooms, pea pods, bok choy, broccoli, etc. 

On the plus side, I recently ordered shrimp fried rice - and it was really loaded with tasty shrimp. So, kudos!

I had been a big fan of their lo mein soft noodles but the last time I ordered the noodles, they came with long pieces of essentially raw carrot mixed in that got stuck in my teeth and made it hard to swallow the noodles. It was a bit strange. I couldn't get a nice forkful of noodle deliciousness without crunching or being stabbed by the raw carrot slices. Even though the noodle taste was delicious I ended up tossing my takeout container because the texture made it inedible. 

I do like their service, always very friendly, courteous and fast. It's a pretty good neighborhood "divey" Chinese takeout place. It does have tables and you can eat in but it's usually deserted. Most people get takeout or delivery.

They close at 9 so this is not a late night place.
We went there for the lunch special.  I had broccoli chicken and my mom had vegetarian.  Both were drowned in a salty sauce.  I recommend getting the sauce on the side.  Otherwise, the food was ok.   Mine came in a smallish bowel.  If you don't want to get full at lunch time, it's perfect.

Service was very friendly and fast.  Prices were ok for the amount served.  It's pretty quiet in there, so people can hear your conversation if anyone pays attention at all.
Mmmm...this place is good. I love their orange chicken. Good prices and the people are super friendly. Anything with shrimp in it is great.
We've had 3 good lunches at China Pearl--smaller portions and reasonable prices. Then we made the mistake of taking six of our friends there for dinner.  There were two other people there while we were there.  Since we knew their dinners were bigger portions, my husband and I wanted to split dinner.  The waitress/owner insisted that the portions would be too small and wouldn't allow us to split.  We tried to convince her we were not that hungry, to no avail.  We all ordered individual portions and received our meals at least 5-10 minutes apart. The man who served the food was rude to everyone and got the orders all confused.  The food was warm but not hot.  They must have been microwaved.  We were so embarrassed because we had recommended the restaurant to our friends.  We will not be going back.
This is my favorite chinese restaurant and I have tried MANY in the area. They have a great menu. My personal favorites are the Twice Cook Chicken and the Yu Shan Shrimp. They are affordable and the owners are very personable. I've been there about half a dozen times between dine in and carry out and they know my order. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves chinese food!
Awesome Chinese Food! If you live close like I do they deliver.
Got it deliver. Sesame chicken was great! Little cold because of having it delivered but good! Will defiantly order from them again!
Gave it my usual 3 tries. First time had delivery and was really impressed, fast, great food. 2nd time we called for delivery, no deliveries that day. Started our order and they were out of most of the order. Third time we went to the restaurant. The staff had a loud, rude argument with the only other customers there.  We asked for straws for our drinks, they had run out.  The portions were so small we left hungry.  Not going back there ever again.  How do you run out of food or supplies with a Frys 2 doors down from you????
Good: The food is almost always great, and the other times it's good. I've never had a plate that I said, "meh" to yet. When I call for delivery they always answer the phone within seconds. All of the staff I've had the pleasure to talk to are friendly enough for it being so busy. Their website is easy enough to navigate and to put an order together before calling.

Bad: It can be a little pricey if you are ordering for more than two people. If the prices were down just a little bit I'd give them 5 stars.

Other Thoughts: The driver for their deliveries is the man! He's always very friendly and indulges me when I want to chit-chat with him.
This is one of my favs in Mesa.
Ok, was craving Chinese food, and being new to the area decided to yelp a couple places near us. UGH. Wish i tried a different place.

At first I was excited because I thought I had found THE place to go to for my Chinese food cravings. When i walked into the restaurant it was totally empty. The cook was eating soup and three other dishes at one of the tables and the hostess was sitting down reading a magazine. She totally jumped up and pretended to wipe a table as soon as she saw me but the cook seemed lost in his own world. She handed me a menu and it looked good so I ordered. The hostess had to yell something to the cook which woke him up, and he ran to the kitchen and started cooking. After 10 mins my order which consists of 4 dishes was hot ready and packed to go. I was happy until we got home and dug in. The dishes were greasy, tasted like a metal wok and soaked in soy sauce. I lost my appetite. The only thing I ended up eating was the egg rolls. Even the fortune cookie was stale.

If you want good chinese food, you can do better than here.
Great delivery times and the staff all speak English very well, which can be frustrating to place a phone order when they can't. The food is always fresh and delicious, sometimes can be a bit oily though, but it's peanut oil so, meh. 
If you want Chinese in the Val vista/US 60 area of Mesa, they'll have what you want, guaranteed. And special requests are filled, without a problem.
I used to go here all the time when I lived in Tempe. Always open seating, consistently good food and the price is right. Can't wait to visit again when I am back in town this winter!
Everything I have tried from this place is amazing! The walnut shrimp, lemon chicken... I always have a hard time deciding what to try next. My favorite Chinese food in all of the Phoenix area!!! A must try.
There was a piece of tin foil in my food. Would have rather ate Panda Express and I don't like Panda Express. Food came out in 5 secs, how could it be fresh. Guess I should have not wasted my 20 dollars, didn't leave a tip, which I never do. Sorry but you shouldn't have tin in your food... Ewww
Came back to this establishment because they are fast, accommodating and appreciative. Foods good too, thanks guys.
Excellent food, friendly service.  I had the Cashew Chicken and it had the most flavor of any Chinese restaurant I've had in the east valley.
We had the broccoli beef, chicken fried rice, and orange chicken. The broccoli beef was great, crisp veggies and tender beef in a not too salty sauce. Chicken fried rice was awesome, chunks of tender chicken with crisp bean sprouts and some veggies. Hubby was not a fan of the orange chicken because the breading was the soft style, but it tasted really good. Delivery was fast, and food was fairly priced. Looking forward to trying out more dished!
I love you guys!!! Amazing fried rice. Wonderful place because it is well maintained and friendly service. Most Chinese places in AZ have sub par food and less than sanitary conditions. China Pearl exceeds those expectations.
I fully agree with Bil Z. --- the food is a little overpriced and not worthy of 5 stars, but the concept of this restaurant / movie theater makes up for it many times over.  It's surprising there aren't more of these places around.  The food is on par with typical 4 star hotel (Hilton, Hyatt, etc.) restaurants both in terms of quality and price.  The decor is reminiscent of art deco style theaters.  Sound and projection quality doesn't compare to a large chain, but the intimate atmosphere makes up for it.  Here's a tip -- go to restaurant.com and you can usually find coupons for $25 off which can be purchased for $5-$10.  Enjoy!
Okay, I have to admit... I did not want to go here.  The mere thought of eating dinner while watching a film among other diners... I have enough trouble getting idiots to shut up when I'm at a normal theater...
But was I pleasantly surprised.  The menu is varied, and the food is good, but not great.  I've had the teriyaki steak and the shrimp fettucine, and both really hit the spot.  The films are not first run, but are what you would expect from ppv or out on video, but you get to see it on the big screen.  And all in all, it was quieter than when I go Harkins or Loews or any of the other theaters.
My brothers friend's family owns this place so of course I think it's great. I have been here with my family and we had a fun time. The concept of Farrelli's is to enjoy a movie while eating dinner. As a person who plans out everything I really like the idea. Farrelli's has a awesome atmosphere that looks like an old fashioned movie theater with a fancy dining room instead of seats. The reason I give Farelli's four stars is because the OK food was a bit over my price range. Still a fun place to go from time to time!
I went to see the 5 p.m. showing of "Evan Almighty" recently and had a fun experience. The theatre is unlike any movie theatre I've ever been to and I love that you can order dinner and cocktails during the screening. The menu is large and diverse and there's even a children's menu. This is a good place for families and couples. It's not ideal for a night out with the girls.
Farrelli's Cinema Supper Club is exactly what the name would imply... a place to have dinner/drinks while eating dinner. The unspoken part is that it is FUN.

Management requests that you make reservations and it helps to secure a good seat. You place your order before the movie starts and receive your food during the previews. The staff is helpful, and operates very quietly throughout the film. 

The movies are second-run. During a recent newsletter, ownership explained that the market power of the multiplex (Harkin's) prevents them from getting the first run movies. The selection is good. They generally show 4-6 movies and I have seen Casino Royale, Blades of Glory, POTC: Black Pearl and Spiderman III there. 

The food is good, but a little pricey. I always order the Chicken Farrelli (chicken, artichokes, potatoes) which is phenomenal. The menu includes appewtizers, salads, burgers, sandwiches and entrees.

For something a little different and BETTER than the multiplex, try Farrelli's.
This place has it all...

1) Drinks - A wonderful bar area to relax with a cocktail and chat before dinner.

2) Dinner - A great menu from affordable sandwiches, to fish and steak, and even desert. You get cute little buzzers to summon the waiter during the movie.

3) Movie - A great view of the screen from wherever you dine, and comfortable tables. Plus, the movies are relatively new releases.

Two thumbs up!!!

http://www.farrellis.com
You can't spell Fun without an F. And in this case, the F stands for Farrelli's. Talk about a great way to spend an evening! 

I ain't gonna lie. You can easily rack up a pretty lofty bill, especially when you're ordering wine by the glass and $9.50 appetizers that taste too good to be true. My fave has to be the Garlic Shrimp Pizza, though it was a tad too greasy. Also good: Baked Brie L' Orange and the Fruit/Cheese plate. 

Farrelli's offers a large drink selection, including featured cocktails and seasonal beers. But, for the wine lover, you'll be happily pleased to see their expansive wine list. You can buy by the glass or the bottle. Prices start at 7 and go up to 9.50 for their suggested Earthquake Cab. I had a glass of that (very good), as well as the Round Hill Cab, which I preferred. 

A movie will cost ya $8.50. But seriously, it's not the price that matters. It's the experience. 

Picture this: You place a simple phone call into Farrelli's and tell them you want to make a reservation for (insert time here) for (this many people here). They put your name on the list, then advise you to arrive 30 minutes before showing so they can seat you and take your order. You are welcome to arrive even sooner and take a seat in their bar, which boasts pictures of Hollywood stars, including the timeless Marilyn Monroe. 

The theater itself feels more like a larger lounge area, with a movie screen. You sit in comfortable leather chairs at a round table. 

Best thing of all? You can simply push a button during the movie and your server will answer. What is it that you needed? No worries. 

At the end of the movie, you get a bill, much like at a restaurant. You can split it up however you feel like it. My close friend said, "Don't be alarmed by the bill." Thanks for the warning, for between the three of us, it was $125 w/o tip. I guess every once in a while you just need to spoil yourself, right? 

If you go with someone (or a few someones) and you all can agree on a wine to order, I suggest ordering a bottle. It's the one piece of advice I'd bestow on anyone going here. Also, no need to dress to the 9's. This place will welcome you in jeans and chucks! 

Farrelli's is a great experience. I recommend it for everyone - friends, family, a date. The movies they offer here aren't new releases, but they manage. (Be forewarned: Their "advertisements" at the start of the film are hideous. We're talking center alignment with ugly font and sentences that never end... Oy vey.)

I will definitely be back!
I'm really torn about Farrelli's. The concept is fabulous: lunch or dinner at the movies. And their Fall movie festival is fantastic, with classics like Breakfast at Tiffany's (which I had never seen before today), and the upcoming Beetlejuice, The Unforgiven, Forrest Gump, and the Wizard of Oz. I just wish their food was as good as their menu made it sound.

We settled on the Baked Brie al'orange, and at first we thought the waitress had brought us out something quite other than what the menu described. Turns out the orange marmalade and candied pecans were a fine sprinkling on top of the cheese, under the layer of so-called puff pastry. The puff pastry was "dead," so to speak, as if it had been out and in the fridge for days. The brie was not very high quality, and the bread was stale. My burger was overcooked, and Hubby's veggie wrap was just ok, but we agree that the fries were really good and super crispy. The iced tea was good and strong, and the waitress kept our glasses filled. I wished we had gotten the popcorn, as we had when we came here before. God, I dream about that popcorn. Like what you would make at home on the stove, with salt and real butter- if you had the energy, that is.

The seats were comfy, and the audience full of women kept pretty quiet, except the times when Holly's cat was in danger and nearly abused. We're headed back for "The Unforgiven", another classic I have never seen, but plan to choose other menu items. Maybe just the popcorn....
What a fun place in Scottsdale. Dinner and a movie you cant beat that. Plus drinks. On the plus side the food was very good. If you stay with sandwiches you can get away with a dinner for 10 bucks and under for one person plus drink. They have about 8 sandwiches. And don't get me wrong this isn't your moms turkey and wheat toast . Mine was a Fillet Mi non with Blue Cheese crumble sandwich on a roll. It was oh so tasty and the meat was tender and juicy. 

The service is excellent they leave a little flashing square thingy for the waiter if you need anything during the show. The drinks are about average for Scottsdale I got a 20 oz blue moon for 5.50 and my woman got a glass of wine for about 8 bucks. Both our dinners came with a choice of Salad or Fries. We had salads. They were very good too and fresh! 

The average price for an entree here that isn't a salad and sandwich is about 18-35 bucks. Desserts range from 4-9 bucks and appetizers 5-15 depending on the specials and such. You can get fresh popcorn as an appetizer and they bring it out fancy style in a black dish. 

Overall I say this is a very fun place to take a date or try once in a while. Its pretty expensive if you go all out but you can also do well if you pick the lesser items. Total for dinner and movie for us was 77 bucks plus tip. That included an appetizer (burchetta) 2 beers 2 glasses of wine 2 dinner sandwiches with salad and 2 movie tickets Enjoy!
If it wasn't for the bad food I would go here more than once or twice a year.  The meat was dry and tough in my first entree and not edible in my second. Now when my wife drags me here to watch a movie, I order a salad only. Because they do catering, I have a suspicion that they serve up left over food from catered events to their restaurant customers.  

The service is OK. They have a couple of generic draft beers. Everything is overpriced.  Caveat Emptor if you order an entree.
If AMC, the $1 cinema and Denny's were able to birth a baby from a menage a trois, it'd be this. 

Farrelli's shows not so new yet not too old movies while serving mediocre food. It was very distracting to watch a movie while servers walked throughout the area serving Denny's quality food. I took a few bites of my food and left it. I've managed to repress the memory of what I ate so I'm sorry I can't warn you all about it. 

The concept of dinner & a movie, at the same time, is awesome, but unfortunately, they failed to deliver.
love this place - especially when they are showing older flicks - went for a girls night out to see The Big Chill - we all dressed "disco", ordered drinks, apps, and desserts and just noshed and giggled all thru the film! The service is pretty much spot on - don't find it distracting at all - of course, we heeded the mgmt's recommendation on when to get there and be seated - this way, all ordering, drink delivery and service was pretty much done by the time the movie started.  

I've also taken my daughter to see Wizard of  Oz - great experience - seeing it on a big screen, with the opportunity for her to be "grown up" and sit at a table in a comfortable chair and eat during the movie.
I love this place. Had a great lunch and watch Sex in the City here. It was a really good experience. I look forward to going back!
I had been wanting to try this place for awhile. Last night we finally went to see 2012. A movie where it's best to eat at the beginning, because you probably won't want to later. At least I didn't. 

Everyone has covered the basics of what and how this place operates so I won't reiterate. I love the concept, and feel like they've done a really good job with one or two exceptions. The place looks great and is very comfortable. Service is largely unobtrusive, but hard to flag without the buzzer. And the ladies room wastebasket was overflowing with paper towels all on the floor - before the movie started.

I liked the music videos / live REM concert video before the movie started. I was hoping this meant no ads beforehand but I was wrong. 

What I found lacking was the food. We ordered the crab dip and grilled chicken bruschetta. The bread served with the dip was dry and stale. Didn't taste particularly real, which I thought given the ($10.95?) price, should have been a given. The bruschetta was ok, but again, the cheese tasted a little bit weird. It wasn't bad, really, just not good. 

Oh and MHA also asked me to mention that his popcorn (a must have for him) didn't seem like "movie" popcorn and the real butter was cold and congealed. With all this, I also thought the food was overpriced. If it was better, I wouldn't so much mind the $60+ total for 2 tickets, 2 appetizers, 1 popcorn and 2 beers, but ...

I am torn, though - I really love the concept and would like to go again. I want to support such establishments because I reallt think they're fun and a good idea. Maybe if it's a movie I missed and really really want to see.
I took my daughter here for a special night out and it was so much fun. She wanted to stay and watch the movie another time. I had hesitated about going in the past because I thought the movie sound and quality would not be very good. I was wrong, it was excellent.
For families like ours who love watching movies together and eating great food, this place is perfect. The ambience is fantastic, the screen and sound are wonderful and the food is great. From the greeter to the servers to the folks behind the bar (yes, folks, there's a great bar if you want to hang out and discuss the movie afterwards), everyone is eager to say hello and make you feel welcome. Congratulations to Tom & Wendy for making such a great place.
For a movie place, the food is pretty good, even for vegetarians! They even mix a decent drink. Now, if I could only remember what I had and liked... 

Ironically, it's the popcorn that we're always tempted to order but never end up too fond of.
I like that the movies are somewhat current (i.e. you can still find them in the "regular" theaters) and the concept is fun for a unique family outing or date-night. I love that I can sip on a cocktail while watching a movie and not have to be home on my couch. 

Why not more stars? The food does NOT measure up to the prices for me. Think hotel food. :(

I totally suggest going but stay away from the entrees to avoid disappointment.
I love movies.  I love dinner dates.  Farrelli's combines the two, making it the perfect spot for a fun date night!

What an awesome idea!  I've been here a few times, most recently to see Iron Man 2.  (My boyfriend wanted to see it, and we missed it while it was still at the major theaters.  So I decided to take him out on a surprise date!)  The tiered levels of seating are great, the seats are comfy, and everyone always has a good view of the screen.  The sound system is also very good, even for an action movie like Iron Man 2. 

The staff runs this place like a well-oiled machine.  Seating begins a half hour before the movie, so you have plenty of time to peruse the menu and order drinks, appetizers, and your main course before the show begins.  If you arrive earlier, you can sit in the bar/lounge area and have a drink or two (or head across the parking lot to Sapporo for some happy hour sushi).  The servers quietly and unobtrusively move about the theater, bringing food, taking orders, and clearing plates.  Each table also has a light-up coaster that can be used to summon a server at any time.  

Their drinks are tasty (not at all watered down), and the food is good, though not exceptional.  The sandwiches are a great deal at under $10, and they come with a side salad or fries - very filling!  I really like the idea of eating a real meal and having a few drinks while enjoying a movie.  Don't get me wrong, I love the popcorn at Harkins, but there's something different and a little romantic about enjoying a cocktail and sharing some baked brie with someone special.  

I highly recommend Farrelli's for anyone looking for a different "date" atmosphere or an evening out with a group of friends.
This is the perfect spot for a date night. 

For about the same price as seeing a movie in regular theaters, you can check out a second-run in a very cozy setting. It kind of feels like you're watching a movie in a very nice theater room at a friend's house (only the movie is still off a film projector, and the sound system is better). The seats are very comfortable and are easy to transition from the table (when you're eating) to facing the screen better when you're not. The staff is also very good about being almost transparent while serving you in the middle of the movie. 

The food is not spectacular, but it's definitely not bad. They also have a decent beer and wine selection, along with a bar in the lobby. 

If you've never tried a cinema supper club, Farrelli's is worth checking out just for the experience alone.
Or if you're just planning to do dinner and a movie on a random night, why not just do them both together?
Against the advice of my 21 year old the family ventured out to see "Killers" at Farrelli's Cinema and Supper Club in Scottsdale. 

Farrelli's is a place I frequent on a special night for a movie that I wished I would have caught at the theatre. 

The unique twist with Farrelli's is the dining and drinking you can do while you are watching the show. The movies range throughout the day from great family movies and the heavier stuff at night when the kids should be in bed.

The wine list  and other beverages along with the food are above average quality and price. Anywhere I can find a glass of Row 11 Pinot is alright with me.

My family usually shy's away from the high dollar menu and stick to the salads appi's and the tenderloin sandwich. My 12 year old decided the pizza has been too mushy in the past so he opted for the tenderloin sandwich as well this time.

I had a cold crispy lettuce wedge that was drowned in dressing but oh so good. My fault for not getting the dressing on the side. I do not understand why 99% of the restaurants I go to insist on drowning the lettuce!

My daughter had the chicken ceasar and a Blue Moon and actually laughed at the silly movie. Just goes to show how much the environment weighs in on forming an opinion.

Farrelli's is a family run business and seems to be hanging in there in this economy. I wish they had a few less expensive options but we always order the same thing.

There is a nice bar to wait in until seating time and very comfortable rolling chairs to actually view the movie. Plus great music videos before the show.

The bartender is always happy and friendly, but our waiter Kieth seemed a bit put off that we already had drinks when we got to the table and never has as nice  table side manor. Everyone else at Farrelli's has always been very nice and "happy".

Make sure you get the popcorn!!!! It is just like Grandma used to make in the popcorn popper. Only the best ingredients.

I am getting a group of ladies together next week to go in and catch Sex and the City 2 with a donation of a pair of shoes you get a $2 martini!

Farrelli's is a great place for gatherings of all ages and occasions. 

I tell all my friends to go there when they want to do something different.

Farrelli's is a go!
Have been seeing movies and having dinner/lunch here for about six years. I have never had a bad meal here. The food and menu are always excellent! The service is great, it's the best way to see a movie ever; from a comfortable leather chair with a friendly waiter/waitress. Great prices to top if off.
I love this place ! the service was top notch, merlot was great, prices I was very happy with . 

I think I'm gonna be a regular .
The concept is amazing, and I probably set my hopes too high for this little joint. Watching a movie and enjoying full service food and drink at the push of a button? What's not to love?

Turns out, just about everything. The execution was totally off. We were the only people in the theater but somehow the service still sucked. The food was mediocre. The second run movies were mediocre, but plenty entertaining after a couple glasses of wine, which were offered at a decent price.

I guess it's the cheap bastard gene in me that has a problem with this place. I nearly bust a nut when I have to pay full price at a regular theater and shell out for their snacks, let alone drop double the amount on a crappier second run version of the same theater fare. 

I'll stick to catching the drive-in double feature with my own bottle o' wine and snacks, rather than return to this place and shell out obscene amounts of money on freezer-burned puff pastry and vino.
I love this little spot in Scottsdale. For the past few years, we've been catching 'It's A Wonderful Life' on Christmas Eve. Service was the same as always - great. Waiters were always on top of things. After the movie, we enjoyed drinks by the lounge. It was nice to enjoy this with a group of new friends and each left amazed at this experience. We'll definitely have to return more often. Cheers!
I love this place. What a fun night out.
This place is one of my absolute favorite places to eat, drink and watch movies in Scottsdale. The owners are incredibly friendly, my drinks always full and the food is delish! It sure beats the smelly, stale experience at traditional movie theaters. Here you can sit down at a table, order a nice bottle of vino and snack on savory treats like fresh hummus, cheese plates, sandwiches, salads and entrees. NOTE: Dessert is a must, so save room! This is a great place for kids, dates and friendly outings. I am waiting for the owners to open a dinner theater in Maryland so I do not have to fly all the way to AZ to go to Farrelli's!
Went for the first time with a girlfriend on New Year's Eve.  We had a wonderful time, the food was good, the service was good and I was happy with the sound system of the theater.  (really what can I say about a movie theater?)  I don't go to movies much but I would like to only go here from now on.  It's a movie experience for grown-ups.  No kids running around or crying during the film and I get to drink alcohol during the film!  Prices are fair and my only complaint would be that the movies are not first-run so you have to be patient if there is a film that you are looking forward to seeing.
I spent the evening here with friends last Saturday. We waited in the bar until our table for 8 was ready. My first impression after entering the dinner-theater room was that the room was full, stuffy and it smelled like a locker room.  When I told the waiter that it felt stuffy, his first response was that it's normal for a room to heat up with 60 warm bodies in it.... Wrong answer!  The AC kicked in and actually got chilly a few times after that, but you certainly didn't hear me complain about that. I put the black cloth dinner napkin on my bare legs. Hey- It matched my zebra print skirt and black shirt so I was stylin' while watchin'.

I had already eaten so I ordered the previously Yelped reviews and highly recommended real buttered popcorn. I paid $5 for a bowl of grease flavored, unbuttered popcorn (I had ordered real butter). It was horrible and I hardly ate any of it. The cheesecake was good and the raspberry topping delicious, but $6 is pretty steep for a small slice of heaven.

Regardless of all that, I still rate Farrelli's a 4. I won't let a few negative experiences cloud my overall impression of the place. 

My friend and I both decided that Farrelli's would be a good double date night out idea. Now all me need are two willing and available men...... Okay, so the line forms here...now.
I've been to Farrelli's a handful of times now. I've come to conclude that the concept is fanciful, but the execution is mediocre. 

5 Pros: 
-the art deco doors, gorgeous! 
-Hollywood glam posters on the wall 
-you push a button on your coaster, it lights up, then over pops the waiter with your refill 
-you can have a drink at the lounge while you wait for your film 
-there's an email listserv and you can get hooked up with deals 

5 Cons: 
-the food isn't great, (IT'S AWFUL) tastes mass produced and bland 
-too expensive 
-slow service in the theater, rude service upfront 
-you get graced with "smoooooth jazz" before the film starts, yeah no really. 
-if you're not on a date here, you'll feel like you should be
Group of girls celebrating a birthday were being way 2 loud and ruined the movie for everyone :(
Farrelli's is a family favorite. Birthday and anniversary dinners as well as the occasional Mother's Day brunch. I love the Art Deco environment. The bar is great for small networking events but can be quite difficult to navigate for large events.
If iPic were a swanky Scottsdale nightclub, Ferelli's would be Applebees. Affordable, comfortable, and fun.  The place does smell like it's been there forever, but I felt like it was clean and decent quality. Our server was really nice, even when I told him we weren't ordering entrees. We had two appetizers- crab dip and chicken nachos. Both were good. Also ordered dessert but it never came. It was just a miscommunication between servers. No biggie. I would definitely go back with a group of friends or my family.  

The movie screen was big, picture quality was good, and the sound LOUD (which was good for the action movie we saw).

I bought a coupon off Deal Chicken which made the evening super affordable (less than $50 for 3 people's tickets, sodas, appetizers, and tip).  

Side note: There are three levels of seating. It seemed like the front section would've been too close.
Tonight was our first night visiting Farrelli's - we had purchased a DealChicken coupon and used it as an opportunity for a "date night".

The atmosphere was awesome - chairs were incredibly comfortable and it was truly like watching a movie in the comfort of our home. Thankfully, the place wasn't too busy and it was an older crowd, so no interruptions or rude folks. 

We had the queso as an appetizer - definitely not the best. The chips were reminiscent of a Costco-type bulk chip, not the most fresh. For some reason the queso tasted like cigarette smoke - a little strange. But not completely horrible.

I had the house salad for dinner and it was fresh and quite tasty. My husband had the burger which he said was good, but lacked any type of seasoning or flavoring. We did have the popcorn, which was ok, not great. As far as the prices, we found them appropriate. 

Service was friendly but definitely not speedy. We hit the light on our table indicator but it took awhile for the waiter to come back. I have a feeling that since it was a slow night there was only a few people working both theaters.

If it were for food alone, it would probably be a 2 - 3 star deal, but the environment and the treat of having a glass of wine while being comfortable and watching a movie bumped it up to 4. We would definitely go back again.
Though the decor in this place is a bit old school, I love it. I especially love the Phil Collins music that is ALWAYS playing before the movies. The chairs are comfortable and I've never had a bad view of the movie screen. I've been here MANY times and often take out of town guests here for a unique experience. My Husband and I also like to come on weeknight date nights. 

The food is ok. We've had things we love and things we don't. Time and time again, I love their salads. Something about that cabernet vinaigrette that gets me every time. They also put cranberries and feta cheese in it, which I love. The tenderloin sandwich is another item we get regularly and each time it is made well and tastes good. The piece to resistance however is the popcorn. My god, the popcorn. Something about it being popped fresh and having real butter is just magical. Get it, trust me, I wouldn't steer you wrong. 

Go to Farrell's! It is a great concept, they play good movies, and it's a cool local spot to hit up. PLEASE keep this place alive, I would be sad to see it go!
We loved it. The prices range from average burger prices to about $20. The creme brulee was awesome.
I have been going to Farrelli's for years, since they first opened. I love the idea of this place.

Remember people, 3 stars isn't bad it means A-OK. 

I would give the concept 5 stars. The atmosphere is cool. I love the old movie posters in the hallway. Most of the seating is comfortable. I would much rather watch a movie like this instead of being crammed like a sardine in a typical theater. 

Service is almost always good. 4 stars. On their busier nights the service has been a little rushed and impersonal. However they are always quick when you page them for something during a movie.

Now we come to the food... When they first opened their food was 4 stars. Tasty and simple. I also had their catered food at a couple weddings and it was 4 star food as well. I am sad to say that in the last few years the quality of the food has gone down drastically. My husband and I went a few nights ago and it hit rock bottom. My sandwich was dry and tasteless. My husband liked his burger but he was horrified when he bit into a still frozen french fry. Yuck. 

Drink prices are steep. $7 for a draft beer. Really? The food prices would be fair if the food quality was a little better. 

I hope the owners take the criticisms to heart. I still love Farrelli's and always have a good time when I go.
I was there with my parents to see Larry Crowne.  Movie was fine, food and service were good.  I always enjoy my time at Farrelli's.
My friend and I came here per her suggestion (her having been there a few years back and my first time) and we had a blast! We arrived early for the antipasto appetizer and drinks in the bar. The owner was the bartender and was very nice and friendly. We saw Bridesmaid, which was hysterical and the food was not bad at all. You could tell it was all made fresh there. I ordered the steak, although a little overcooked, still perfectly edible. We ordered the popcorn at the end, air popped with REAL butter! It was delicious. A little dated decor (but still great!), but it was clean and comfortable. We had such a wonderful time and will absolutely go back!!!
This is a solid four stars. You can sit at a bar with a great view of the movie or you can sit at a table. Either way you can't go wrong. I've never had a bad meal here in approx ten visits. I recommend the lasagna, new york strip, Wine or a cocktail, and of course popcorn. If you haven't been and you like movies you gotta add farrelli's to your rotation. A great place for a date. And if the clock is running on the babysitter this place is a must!
So sad to report that Farrelli's has CLOSED.  I received an email indicating it was due to a problem with the property owners.  You can read more on their website, http://www.farrellis.com/.  This is a big loss for the community.  Thanks for the memories, Farrelli's.
Don't make the mistake of setting your GPS to this location in hopes of coffee or confections - not a store, just the corporate office of a great company.
Love the food!  Flavorful and healthy.
I picked up a small catering order at Wildflower today.  I have been going to the restaurant for years.  They have done a terrific job of reinventing themselves time and again.  The meal I picked up went to friends who were waiting for their father to come out of surgery.  The salad was perfect!  They cut up the sandwiches into 4ths.  It tasted great, and the service was even better.  @quinterogolf.com
Ate here for lunch the other day. Was quite impressed with clean decor, friendly/helpful staff, and great sandwiches!

Tried the Almond Tuna sandwich with sprouts - soo good! If you love lots of sprouts, you'll be pleased with how generous they serve them. Tried the Brie sandwich and it was tasty as well.

They may consider ramping up their staff for lunchtime rush. Also, pleased that it's in such a nice location.
Pleasantly surprised.  After some bad experiences at a North Phoenix Manuel's, I hadn't tried another one in years.  But today it was close and well... I'm glad I went.  

I was able to get a table at 1pm - and there was only other one couple in eye shot. Part of that is because there are lots of little alcoves for eating, and part of it is because they serve the food so quickly that if you got there at noon you're out the door by 1pm easily.  I'm willing to give it that excuse because both the service and the food were quite good.  Their rice and beans aren't anything to write home about, but they weren't so bad that it took away from the meal.  

My only negative, and this could be why there were fewer folks, is that not only do they have a pretty limited lunch menu, with much smaller portions, but they aren't really "lunch special" prices.  Their lunch menu ran from $7-10 with most things $8-9.  Considering the full sized meals with more options were available for just $1-$2 more, why not get the larger size and a doggie bag for dinner?  

Not a bad spot, but didn't exactly rock my world either.  Ideally - 3 1/2 stars.
pretty average mexican food, with a large cantina area atttached that becomes a club of sorts on the weekend.

to be honest, i've been here three times in as many years. with casa reynosa and rosita's so close, i tend to opt for them over this place.
I happened to visit Manuel's yesterday for some lunch with some friends. I had never gone before, but thought I would give it a try.  Here's a very quick assessment of the place:

atmosphere: very 70s/80s - clearly the place has been here a while.
service: fair. nothing stellar, but not terrible either.
food: also fair, not great but not bad.
price: perhaps a bit overpriced for the quality, but not by much.
overall experience: ok.
Manuel's used to be awesome.  Definitely would have been a four star Mexican restaurant.  However, something changed.  Ownership, menu, service.  It's bordering Garcia's territory, except the albondigas and the ribeye steak with norteno sauce are still pretty good.
This place is consistently very good.  It isn't the cheapest Mexican restaurant around, but it's also of a higher quality than many.  My favorite dishes are the cheese & onion enchiladas and the spinach enchiladas.  I have never tried anything there I didn't enjoy.  

I am really amused by the retro, deep leather booths they have.  They are really comfortable, but sort of strange looking and not necessarily what you would expect to see in a Mexican restaurant.  

I am still looking forward to the visit where I save room for dessert!
I have been going to this Manuel's since 1983! My baby ate cheese crisp & green corn tamales in the high chair there. Guess what, still goes there for the same! The green corn tamales haven't changed in all these years, still great. The sampler platter is awesome. The margaritas are good, not watered down like some places! I love the chicken chimis, seasoned wonderfully, not just meat in a tortilla, like many places! The flan is YUMMY! So are the sopapillas!! The decor is "vintage mexican restaurant" with thick leather booths and hanging plants. There is a bar in the restaurant area with sports on the tvs and a full separate bar called Tiajuana Tilly's.he parking can be touch on Friday & Sat night. Monday night in the restuarant they have 1/2 price margaritas and Tuesday is kids eat FREE night- I think? Mine are grown. They had this busboy 20 years ago that we dubbed "The World's Greatest Busboy" because he could work the whole dining room and you never wanted for anything! He ws AMAZING! I hear he is a maitre d' in Phoenix now. But, never fear they have a fantastic waiter- Luis. We only go when he is working, so if you go, tell him Desertdoll sent you! He will take good care of you! and live a little, get the green corn tamale!
OK...I just walked back into my hotel room after a meal at this place. I think I'm being overly generous by even giving them one star.  Fact of the matter is I had no choice but to give them one because there was nothing lower.

I had the #5 combination which consisted of one cheese enchilada (which was 1/100th of a percent decent), one shredded beef hard shell taco (which was perhaps the best thing on the plate), and one bean tostada (stale tostada).  I also ordered an overpriced ($7.95) chile relleno a la carte that tasted more like an "effen" omelette.  C'mon now!!! The consistency of the egg covering the chile relleno should be fluffy and quickly fried.  This thing looked like and tasted as if they first made an Omelette and then wrapped it around a steamed chile....the chile wasn't even fire roasted!!!! 

Friends, I know real Mexican food....FINE Mexican food for that matter and this place IS NOT IT!  With all due respect to those of you who have written rave reviews about this place and of course to the proprietors, BUT I think I would have had a much better meal at the nearest taco bell, gladly paying the $25 bucks I laid down for a less than mediocre meal.  My recommendation to you all is .....DON'T BOTHER.  They should really consider dropping the "FINE" from the name of this establishment.

On a good note - The lady tending bar that evening was very very nice and attentive.... unfortunately the service alone can't hold this place up.
The other day my coworker and I attempted to hit up El Buen Sabor for their $0.99 taco tuesday special (seeing a theme here yet?), and much to our dismay, their doors were locked, their menu board was down, and it appears as though they have shut down. Since we didn't want to drive much further, he recommended we give Manuel's a try, and as I didn't have much of a choice, I agreed. I ordered two tacos, the shredded beef was ok, however the chicken was the absolute WORST I've had in as long as I can remember. I was starving, and I couldn't even bring myself to eat more than two bites. Very disappointing...it takes some serious hard work and effort to completely f-up something as simple as chicken! I filled up on chips and salsa, which were decent, but I just can't get over the whole chicken ordeal. Not to mention, at $15 after tip, this was no bargain. I will not be making a return appearance.
Really great little Breakfast/Lunch place tucked into one of the most industrial parts of Tempe.  You might not even know it was there were it not for a few covered tables on a make shift patio.  Really great food, super prices and almost disgustingly nice people who work there!  

The place is so cute.  Black and white checkered tiles.  White bead board up to a chair rail.  Very homey without being overly kitschy.  

While they do all the basics, and do them well, this isn't just your basic fare.  How about their Muffelatta for $5.15?  Or their Hot Sweet Italian sandwich - with sausage, onion, peppers and mushrooms w/ melted provolone cheese ($5.85)?  And their Spinach salad with egg and bacon for $5.05?  All good.  They even have a Monte Cristo ($5.15) on their menu! And their basics are great.  I had the Tuna melt ($5.05) on an employee's recommendation and it's one of the best one's I've had in a long time.  I haven't had their breakfasts yet, but I've got my eye on their Egg, Chorizo and roasted green chile wrap for $3.25.  

And then there are their drinks.  Sure - when I saw I could get Hires Root Beer or Squirt with my lunch, I was stoked.  But then I saw their coffee menu.  How about a large (32oz) Iced Coffee for $2.25? Or a large Iced Chai for $2.05???  They also Cappuccino, Espresso and Lattes for similarly great prices.  

But in the end, it's the folks who work there that have knocked me out. My first time there, the girl who took my order remembered my name and checked on me twice at my table - by name.  She wasn't a waitress, just worked behind the counter.  But when she came to clear a table, she just wanted to check on things.  

I almost hate to give the place up, but the more folks who come by, the more likely I am to be able to keep this place around.  So I definitely encourage you to come by.  Even if it's to just grab a coffee and a baked good.  Yes - they bake things fresh on site every day.  Just one more layer of their oh so goodness.  If only they were open on Saturday...

Hours: M-F, 6am-3pm
I used to work next door to MS.  It is a family owned and operated establishment in a location that has seen it's share of owners.  Due to the location nothing else has seemed to work there.  The owners however take great care to learn their regular customers names and give it that homey feel.  

The food is a little pricey, however, it is well worth the price.  A typical sandwich is about 3 inches thick.  There is nothing that I have eaten there that I did not like.  The deserts are all made on site and they are to die for, true comfort food.  They also do breakfast all day.

My favorite ... their coffee.  Peter, the owner, I believe gets it from Mexico.  It has a caramelized roast so it is strong but never bitter.

I am no longer working in an area that affords me the opportunity to stop in, but when i drive by the Priest exit on 60 I so want to just get off and run in to get some coffee.
I frequent this place for lunch since it is close to my work.  Extremely glad I found it since there are not many decent and quick places to eat in the area. I have to comment on how nice everyone is and they definitely make it a point to remember you.  I even forgot my wallet once and they just gave me the sandwich anyway, the owner said he didn't want me to waste my lunch hour driving back to the office to get it- I made it a point to go back the next day and pay for it. 

They have the best wheat bread; thick and soft slices.  I am a turkey sandwich kind of girl and they never disappoint. Their bakery selections are just like grandma used to make.  The soups seem to be pretty healthy because they are all homemade.  Their hot sandwiches seem to be pretty yummy too- my bf always goes for them.
I stopped in here for Lunch today and met my girl Andrea K.

It's a cute little Christian themed cafe with an extremely friendly staff.

They offer breakfast all day, sandwiches and soups.

At first I wasn't in the mood for a "sandwich" and just settled for a turkey, I asked what came on it and was told "Anything, we customize them however you like" 
SO I was a bit perturbed when I asked for cucumber and avocado and they didn't have any......I ended up with turkey, sprouts, tomato, swiss and deli mustard on wheat (see pics)

 It actually was a really good sandwich but for almost $9 including a drink, I think it was a bit much.

Why 4 stars? 
~Service went along way, staff was personable and seemed to really care about the customers and I enjoyed the sandwich even though it was pricey.
Excellent food. Topped only by the service, which is the friendliest you'll find in Phoenix. 

I had the 1/2 sammie and soup. I chose their 3-cheese grilled cheese, which was great, along with their chicken tortilla soup. It cost me $3.10.

I had a huge (generous portion) of 2% milk for $1.75 and a cup of coffee, which I heard was some pretty great coffee. I liked it, yes, but I wouldn't rave that it was the best ever. 

My colleagues loved this place. They said they can't wait to come back. Good! 

I was able to talk to the owner about Yelp and how we all heard of this place. I'm glad I was able to do a lunch search in the area of Eba Cafe. This place is the perfect lunch spot, followed by a quick drive over for boba tea afterwards. 

They serve breakfast all day. The prices are reasonable. And, like I said, it's super friendly. So, what are you waiting for? Go!
Dropped in for breakfast at around 8:45 and the place was empty.  Good for me, bad for them I suppose.  When you walk in the the first thing you are struck by is how unlike the inside is the to the outside.  From the outside Morning Star looks like any old breakfast/lunch shack jammed into an industrial park mainly to cater to the employees of the various surrounding businesses, but the inside actually reminds me of an old time breakfast joint replete with funny old time signs strewn about declaring how wonderful their fresh brewed coffee is.

I ordered the Italian omelet with an iced tea.  The first thing to point out is that Morning Star does not accept credit or debit cards.  They do, however, have an ATM conveniently located next to the register.  Luckily I had cash so this wasn't an issue, but I can imagine that first timers who hold up the line during the lunch rush could be on the wrong end of some dirty looks.  The omelet was fantastic, it was absolutely bursting with with tomatoes, marinara sauce, cheese, and Italian spices.  The wheat toast was thick sliced and the bread was made that morning, though not on site.

The owners, a married couple, were extremely pleasant to chat with and while I write this I regret not learning their names.

Overall I have to say that I'm sold on this place.  If I wasn't moving out of state in the next few weeks this would definitely be my short-drive breakfast place of choice.
I don't make it here as much as I would like too. They have the best Turrkey Club sandwich. My mouth is watering right now just thinking of it. 
The owners can't be beat. They are the nicest people. They remember me everytime I come in. Since I am not there that often it is good to feel welcome. 
I recommend the Morning Star Cafe to everyone.
The food is outstanding. Recommend the Reuben, Tuna or BLT for lunch and just about anything with their coffee for breakfast.
Wonderful service, great cup of coffee.  Family owned small business.
Love this place. Been here several times and never had something I didn't love. Anything for breakfast is great, but their breakfast sandwiches and coffee are incredible. For lunch, get the Reuben or the special.

One of the best breakfast places around, the coffee is SPECTACULAR and their egg sandwiches are to die for. There is nothing else in the area that rivals their food.
We were traveling in the Tempe area and instead of paying $20 for a breakfast buffet at our hotel, we decided to check this place out.  We were VERY glad that we did.  The food was great, affordable, and the owners were wonderful to visit with.  

I would definitely recommend this place!
This has got to be the best kept secret in Tempe, Total Gem!!!  Great folks, serving great food.  I had a great omelet (spinach and swiss) awesome cup of joe (in a real cup) and absolute killer (just made fresh) Muffin.
The food is actually pretty decent but the customer server is nil
We were on our last day of our vacation and looking for a last meal before heading to the airport. I checked yelp for restaurants that were currently open nearby and thankfully discovered the Morning Star Cafe. It is in a mostly industrial location that you would never just "stumble upon".  We walked in to a very cute cafe and were immediately greeted by the owner, offered coffee and given a menu. It was about 10 am, but neither one of us really wanted breakfast and asked if we could get one of the sandwiches offered. No problem at all, order anything you want! So, I ordered a turkey on rye, my husband got a muffaletta. 

While we were waiting, the owner chatted us up a bit, asked a few questions, discovered that we were from out of town. She told us about her favorite places in AZ and even brought over some of her favorite magazines outlining things to do in the area (we are already planning our next trip back!). Very friendly! I can't even comprehend the complaints about the service being nil. There were a couple of other tables and each was treated with the same warm service that we were.

Our food came, and it was delicious. It is kind of hard to make something fantastic out of the common turkey sandwich, but they pull it off. The bread is about an inch thick, perfectly fresh and soft (delivered nightly by a company just a couple buildings down as told to us by the owner), lots of fresh veggies are offered with the turkey (to order, of course). My husband's muffaletta was perfect. Just the right about of olive salad. The coffee was fantastic too (as others have mentioned). As we were paying our bill (which was very reasonable), the owner gave us a little bag with a couple of their fresh muffins to enjoy on the plane since she knew we were headed out! One blueberry and one cinnamon, they were a perfect mid-flight snack. 

So, I would hands down recommend Morning Star Cafe. This is the sort of place that I would visit on the regular if I lived locally. I am sure that I would be greeted by name and be handed a warm cup of coffee as I came in the door, it is that type of place. I love the fact that it is family owned, they have a guest book which starts with an entry detailing that this cafe has been a long time dream of theirs and describing all of the work putting the place together.  The cute decor was done by their friends and family, rewarded by home cooked meals . There is an obvious pride and love for their work that is often missing from your typical corporate chain that is so common in the Phoenix area (and any other city for that matter). If you are in the area, plug the address into your GPS and stop by, you won't regret it!
MUST GO!!  Ok, where do I start.  Today was our first visit to the Morning Star Cafe but it won't be our last!  The quality, freshness, and flavor of the ingredients makes this restaurant get it's 5 star rating!  The homemade cheese danishes are the best ones we've ever had!  

We each had a variation on eggs and bacon for our breakfast.  My husband had a 2 egg breakfast, I had an egg, cheese and bacon breakfast sandwich, and my sister-in-law had an egg and cheese wrap.  The eggs were cooked perfectly in all 3 variations.  The sourdough bread was delicous.  The roll on the breakfast sandwich ......  YUM.  My sister-in-law was raving about the salsa that came with her breakfast wrap.  

We are very excited to go back and try their lunch menu now.  (although I'm going to be craving those cheese danishes for a while!!).  Mouthwatering!!!

The last two things worth mentioning are the exceptional service and warm atmosphere.  The husband and wife owners both talked to us and made us feel so welcome.  We're new to the area and they gave us some great information.  It was like we were talking to friends we'd known for a while!  It really made the meal special.

Thank you, Morning Star Cafe for doing what you do, the way you do it!!  
See you for lunch VERY soon!
This place has great coffee. We actually bought some to take home. 
The food was good and we could order anything off the menu (except soup that was not ready until 11:30am). 
I ordered the Ruben and it was delicious. The cheese and bread really made it stand out. 
The Monte Cristo was good too. 
The owner brought us a sample of the soup when it was ready. It was spicy and definitely homemade. 
This place is a little difficult to find but worth the search... 
I suggest bringing cash, but they do have an ATM if needed....
Food is good, if not great.  The owners are very friendly.  Portion sizes are large.  They were very accommodating of our children.
Looked up some breakfast places in Tempe, surprisingly there are not that many. This little Cafe is so charming you would never think it rest in the industrial park. 

Walked in and immediately greeted by the owner with a huge smile! The menu has a variation of creative dishes as well as common favorites. The owner suggested a white tea with my breakfast sandwich and I was sold. 

The wait was not long at all and the food was served within a few minutes. I had the breakfast sandwich and it was a good helping of food. My friend got an omlete and it looked delicious as well. 

Overall great experience and a great way to start the day!
If you are a driver for Safeway, you already know about this place. Otherwise, unless you bike to AZ Mills Mall or REI regularly, you will probably NEVER see this place. Without Google maps you'd never find it, with Google maps you might have a little trouble. Hell, I lived in Tempe for over a decade and did regularly bike to REI and AZ Mills, I never saw it!

This little cafe on the north side of Alameda is just east of Priest drive on the north side of the street, across from the Safeway distribution center. There are a lot of trucks around so if you are riding a bike, be careful!

Once you find it in the unremarkable office park that it is part of (look for the tables and wind mills) park in one of  the ample spots. There is a menu above the counter but the better menu is the one on the counter. It tells you what is in the awesome sandwiches. Or just get the special. The specials are excellent. 

They also make a seriously good breakfast and have some great coffee, pies, pastries...etc. Their food is just good, it comes from a kitchen that cares about making food!
Peggy & Peter are wonderful! Great quality, great tasting & great service. Always enjoy eating at Morning Star.
I was really craving a tuna melt, hadn't had one in a long time, and we found this place recommended for that. WOW, it was awesome!  It was by far the best tuna melt I've ever had.  Great little place that is off the beaten path in an industrial area, not easy to find, but well worth the trip. 
I can't stop thinking about how good that sandwich was!  It's like going to your grandma's house and having her make you a really really good sandwich using Texas toast style sourdough, buttery toasted, and fresh tuna salad. Nothing like anything I've had before at a restaurant!  Loved it that much!  We will go back soon for sure to try their breakfast and infamous coffee.
We were on the hunt for some lunch... My lovely wife says that she wants a tuna melt. I punch it into Yelp and Morning Star Cafe' pops up number one.

I really have only one thing to say about this place...

BEST F'N'TUNA MELT I HAVE EVER HAD!

That is all.
I've been working 1 mile east on Alameda for 6 years and only found this place a few months ago (a brochure @ Gene's Auto Worx guided me).

My wife and I try to go once a week for breakfast, which is usually filling enough for breakfast and lunch. The breakfast sandwiches are very hearty! Multiple bread options, and all are fresh daily.

The coffee is good and served in mugs.  There are also some tasty muffins to choose from.

Only negative to say is that they are not open on weekends (makes sense, based on location), and that you have to pull cash from an ATM if you do not carry cash with you.
This place is great!!

Tucked away in Tempe, I actually found this place w/ the Yelp app on my phone. My boyfriend and I went here for breakfast and LOVED it!

The place is quaint... the food is EXCELLENT. 
BEST. COFFEE. EVER. We drink it black, so we are partial to good coffee :)

We got a chance to speak to the owners, and they were as nice as can be! Helpful and made our breakfast very pleasant. 

All in all - Above expectations. We have already begun recommending it to guests at the hotel we work at. And we will be back.
The coffee is AMAZING! In my humble opinion, that is not an overstatement by any means! Now that I got that got of the way, on with my full review! 

 My husband works nearby and always talked about this place, but I hadn't had the pleasure until recently. The moment you walk in the door you are greeted by the warm smells of yummy food and fantastic coffee! After searching the menu I decided on a Monte Cristo. Best one I've had! No, seriously, best ever! My husband had the French toast, which he devoured before I could get a bite! He assures me that it was above par. The owners make you feel so welcome, It's like you're family the minute you cross the threshold. I love, love, love this place and you will too! Now, I think I need to stop by for a visit today. All this talk of Morning Star has my mouth watering!
The owner may claim to be simply 'politically incorrect' however that is a statement that I have heard from many a racist before. Its the same as saying, "I'm not a racist, I just believe in genetic purity." 

I was unhappy to be at the receiving end of a rant that wandered from how he threw his wife's food out because she'd put salt on it. Which apparently offended him as a chef...or something. In my opinion that is abusive, controlling, misogynist behavior that is reprehensible. It at least points to an inability to communicate and a sharp need to be correct, perhaps a dangerous need.

Furthermore, his referencing 'Lousy-anna' referring to Lousiana, the Shreveport area if I remember correct, became tiresome immediately. He called the population of the area he used to live, please forgive me, niggers! His claim that he was referencing the white and black population fell short when he told a story of catching a young black child he caught stealing. He apparently asked the child why he was stealing and was offended that the answer as that "You whites have been stealing from us for years."  I had to leave to get to work, I would have left just as quickly had I not had to be at work 5 minutes later. My only regret was that I had to leave my poor girlfriend there...

Sir, if you wish to be a racist (excuse me: Politically Incorrect) you can do it without my dollars lining your pocket. I am sad to no longer have a place on my way to work that I could stop to grab a bite. I am truly discomfited riding my bike past the cafe and seeing that you are still in business. 

If you like your breakfast with a side of racism and misogyny, eat here. If you are a Russell Pearce, Joe Arpaio, or SB1070 supporter, here is your place. 

If you feel that people should not be judged, eat somewhere else. Somewhere that doesn't just dress up in bible verse, perhaps somewhere that embraces christian values, not just trite statements everywhere you look.
Amazing breakfast meeting place! Food and atmosphere are very comforting. A bunch of us guys meet every Friday morning at 6:00 am, join us.
Grilled turkey club is one of the best in the valley! Service excellent, as well.
The food was good and prepared with care. The atmosphere was a little odd and while I didn't see any of the behavior talked about in other comments, it did seem like the owner would offer his opinion on anything if you wanted to listen, we didn't so it wasn't a problem. Coffee was great, my wife and I will be back.
Best cream of Mushroom soup. Ever. All the soups are homemade and everyday it's a different soup! Mmmm
Good little spot in an interesting location.  Sort of a business park/industrial area and it's tucked away.  They seem to have a good local following. 

I had the half soup/sandwich but no coffee this time.  Based on other coffee review comments, I'm going to have to stop by for a cappucino.

Good prices, GREAT soup (chicken corn chowder).
Great service, owners make you feel like family. Good coffee, great food (get the monte Cristo!!) and great company. Can't go wrong.
This quaint restaurant is located in an industrial park.  It is a little hard to find but worth your search.  I had the two egg breakfast with wheat toast and sausage.  The wheat bread is homemade and sliced thick. It was absolutely delicious. The owners were very friendly and greeted everyone with a smile as they walked through the door.  The only drawback to this place is they only take cash but they have an ATM on-site.  I will definitely be back when I return to the area.
I came here for breakfast after reading good things and ended up driving to the other side of Tempe to try it out one morning before class.  I ordered the Monte Cristo with a side of bacon.

The food is probably closer to 3.5-4 stars.  The Monte Cristo was actually really, really good - probably one of the best I've ever had.  It was perfectly sweet and just a bit savory and very fresh.  The bacon was good too, though just a hair under how I like mine cooked.

They brag about having some of the best coffee in town.  Nope.  It's crap.  I mean, we're not talking about drive-thru coffee, but it's at best standard diner coffee.  Two stars on the Joe.

Prices were average.

The ambiance, at least for me, is a one star.  Maybe 1.5 if I'm feeling generous.  I can't decide if it felt like I was eating at an old lady's house or a church waiting room.  The place is Jesused-out.  I'm not religious, but I don't really mind religion either - I just don't like sitting down to Coffee with Christ.  The whole meal felt like it was served in the green room for the 700 Club.  I guess that shouldn't have surprised me since the restaurant's website links to RBC Ministries.  The whole thing was just way too overbearing to be cozy at all.  Even my super-religious friends would probably wonder where the restaurant was.  Between that and the constant interruptions from the staff, my working breakfast was thoroughly thwarted.

Basically, really good food, meh-to-blah coffee, and a very uncomfortable dining room.
One of the things Boyfriend and I try to do when we're on vacation is to find local restaurants to try out. I mean, what's the point of hitting up a chain restaurant we could easily find in our own town when there are usually awesome places to explore and local economies to support? We usually start by using Yelp to find places nearby that have good ratings, and this one came up first on the list.

We had some trouble finding the restaurant, which was really more down to Boyfriend's mistyping of the address into his GPS than the location of the building. It is in a bit of a strange place for a cafe, tucked in a fairly industrial neighborhood with very little other commercial property around, but I'm sure they make good money from the officefolk coming in for lunch breaks. Not a bad strategy, really.

All the non-vegetarians (meaning the three people there who weren't me) ordered Monte Cristos. If a restaurant serves one of those, you can pretty much bank on Boyfriend trying it at least once. I ordered an egg sandwich, myself, and when the owner heard I was a vegetarian he offered to add some extra vegetables to the sandwich so it wouldn't be boring.

The Montes were a big hit with everyone else, and based on the other reviews here, I'd say ordering one is a pretty safe bet. My egg sandwich was also delicious, and more than filling enough for breakfast. We liked the place so much that we came back two days later.

Two more Monte Cristos made their way into the bellies of my cohorts, including Boyfriend again. My sister's husband got a breakfast burrito, and I opted for a plate of French toast. When they say the French toast is big, they MEAN it. Three huge slices of Texas toast, dipped in batter and fried to golden perfection. It makes my mouth water just thinking about it. Again, everyone was pleased with their meals.

I was the only person who had coffee while we were there, and while I don't necessarily agree with the people who rave about it being the best in town, it was definitely not bad. I ordered it both days, which I wouldn't have done if I'd hated it.

As for the atmosphere, it's definitely a little more Team Jesus than I'd like. I'm not a huge fan of people using their businesses to promote their spiritual beliefs, no matter what religious text they choose to read, so being surrounded by Bible verses and crosses was a little bit uncomfortable for me. However, the good food balanced that out, and the owners were both super friendly and talkative, engaging us in conversation the first day and welcoming us warmly the second day. For good, veg-friendly food and nice people, I could probably put up with just about any decor.
Watered down milk... nasty pancakes, and way over prized. It was not like this 5 years ago though,  makes me sad.
great food great service enough said .
Stopped in after reading some reviews and am i glad we did.  Monte Cristo was delish! Very nice proprietors, place was clean and prices were great!
Love this place. I stick to the specials on the board... U can't go wrong.
Never tried the coffee because I am too much of a coffee snob and rarely do I enjoy a coffee outside of my own kitchen. As for the sandwiches, they do it right. Homemade bread all around. Top picks: patty melt,  ruben, monte cristo, chicken w/ green chilies.
Nice quaint local place. Feel like we were visiting family and being served from there kitchen. Had the veggie omelette added spinach and zucchini. Very fresh veggies and local fresh baked toast served with it.
Yelp brought me to this place when I was looking for a locally owned breakfast joint.  It did not disappoint, and I have turned into a repeat customer every since.  The owners are always so friendly and willing to chat if it is slow.  

Favorites: Coffee is brewed slightly sweet and is a great price!  BLT tastes better than I could make at home, big plus that the bacon is amazing and cooked correctly!  

I will definitely return here many more times!
This place is a hidden gem.   From its baked goods to their filling sandwiches you cant go wrong.
The best Texas Toast Grilled Cheese sandwich!!!!
we don't go out to restaurants to get a spiritual experience. in fact, we don't go anywhere for that. so when we go see our (crazy) mormon friends at the morning star cafe (which we refer to as 'mormon star cafe'), it isn't to discuss jesus, or the gospels (we make jokes about the 'wall of scripture').  i read the review previous that mentioned that these people may be racist, but actually it didn't go very far in proving that (just because someone uses a derogatory name for a group of people doesn't prove it. but it does make it seem more likely....hah!).  in any event, the food is fantastic. they just take such special care with every aspect of the food preperation and service that only a fool would not return. do NOT miss out on the freshly baked wheat bread! that mormon baker is some kind of genius!! decent pricing for the quality of food as well. this little cafe is an absolute gem, and we have made it a regular thing. if the owners happen to believe in the single most ridiculous religion ever made up, well....so be it.
I love this little place. The food is always delicious and the portions are huge! The service is always prompt and ultra friendly. Their bread is fantastic, definately some of the best I've ever had. I will keep coming back to this place, over and over again.
Really a nice menu and good food, a true ma and pa place. They run the counter and the Grill
I love places that serve breakfast all day!
The staff is so very friendly.They will even customize your order if your calorie counting. The muffins are great as the cookies are! Down home cooking to the max. I have had the monte cristo which was good,just a bit much for my system. I hear the Reuben is really good. Next time.
Bring cash as cards are only accepted in the ATM in the cafe.
This was my first time at the Morning Star Cafe, a friend told me about it or I might not have discovered this hidden slice of heaven  that serves breakfast, lunch and homemade desserts located in an unlikely area tucked in between business offices in Tempe. We both ordered the Tuesday special, the Turkey Relleno sandwich, made with their fresh sourdough bread, tasty turkey and melted cheese! It was not just the best Turkey sandwich but the best sandwich I ever had! The bread was so good she placed an order for pick up on Friday for 2 loaves to share and enjoy over the weekend. We also ordered their fresh baked oatmeal apple square to split but  both of us were so full from our sandwiches that it had to wait. Lucky for me I took it back to the office and later, yes I ate the whole gosh dang thing myself. The owner brought our food to the table and it was obvious that he valued good service as much a the greatness of the food he served. I took a menu with me and on Friday called to order a Chicken Chili sandwich to go,  which did not disappoint! I have already made plans to go again with a coworker next week, if I can wait that long, their 5 cheese grilled sandwhich is calling my name! 
The only down side is that they're only open Monday through Friday 6am until 3pm, but I'm hoping to make it for breakfast and coffee soon. If you're in the area or even if your not it's worth the drive and a definite must try, again and again and again.
PS Bring cash, they don't take cards but they do have an ATM machine inside to accomodate you in case you forget.
I just tried this place today after scoping it out on yelp and seeing all of the good reviews.  Morning star is actually just down the street from my house, so it is incredibly convenient to get to and easy to find.  The place wasn't PACKED but certainly had a good amount of customers coming in and out; a good sign that this place is know for good lunch time fare.  I decided on the green chili chicken sandwich and boy was I not disappointed.  If you love green chilies like I do, this is your dish!  Just the right amount of spiciness, certainly not overwhelming.  The quality of ingredients were high, fresh bread and juicy chicken.  Best of all, the prices are really reasonable!  

I believe I met the owner and found him to be really sincere and excited about his business.  I loved the mom and pops feel of this place, and I can't wait to come back and try out breakfast sometime.  

My only "dislike" was the coffee; it wasn't bad by any means, but it certainly was nothing exceptional.  It was really nice for the owner to give me a free cup so that I could try it out.  

This place just gave me a good feeling all around.  It's a place I'm happy to support.
Good homemade soup and sandwhiches and a perfect amount of food for the price. Very welcoming and comforting as a first time customer. Would eat here again.
I love this place. I've been there several times and the food/service is always awesome. The bread they serve is the best I've ever tasted, the portions are huge considering their modest pricing, and the couple that runs it are always pleasant. They obviously take pride in what they do, and rightfully so. They're my favorite breakfast/ brunch spot.
First, the service was great and secondly I Like My eggs over medium & most places still bring them out over easy, not here they were cooked perfectly and the toast is made with homemade bread daily and it was outstanding. Now for the bad news, NO HASH BROWNS......They said they don't have time to cook them because they primarily service a business community where customers need to come and go quickly, interesting to me especially since there appeared to be some sort of a mens group 6 or so guys meeting there maybe a bible study and the cook (I'm assuming the owner) even came out and sat at their table for a few minutes between customers and other patrons didn't seem to be in any more of a hurry than your typical american, therefore I call BS on their no hash brown excuse. The ham they serve is of the very thin sliced variety like you would get on a sandwich, not the kind of ham you usually get when ordered at breakfast. Finally with the large milk I ordered (very good and cold by the way) my bill was almost $9.00 & for that I got to use the cheapest plastic utensils money can buy and of course the fork broke while cutting my eggs, if your going to use plastic utensils at least get a medium grade please!  Personally there are much better options in Tempe.
The owners are super friendly, food is great, and the homemade muffins are addicting (and I usually don't really like muffins haha).  I've been coming here for years.  Bring cash as cards are only accepted in the ATM in the cafe.
Amazing breakfast!! The omelet was delicious and it was the best bacon I have ever had! The coffee was better then Starbucks!! I would come back and I would recommend it to friends!
First time in and it's all thanks to YELP reviewers. The friendly mom and pop shop has been here for 10 years. We tried the green chili chicken soup, which had a great spicy kick to it. I had a veggie omelette and asked for tomatoes and cheddar cheese added to it. Got to choose a side of white, wheat, or sourdough toast (usually not a big toast fan ill have maybe 1-2 slices) but this, I had 3 of 4 since the bread was just TOO good! The omelette tasted completely homemade- none of that fake eggs subway uses. The Cheese steak sandwich is also one to try! Friendly service, great big portions, fresh bread, and not bad prices, definitely need to go again!
Awesome omelets, made to order, all day long. We shared a veggie, and the ingredients were fresh, home cooked, tasty, and probably organic. Coffee was piping hot and sported that dark and deep roasted ambiance which perfectly complemented the omelet. And all for under $10!
The first thing you need to know is that this is a "place your order and sit down" cafe. Second thing to know is that everyone is very friendly here and wants to make sure you enjoy your food. I had the 2 egg breakfast with bacon and wheat toast. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted great! The only strange thing was plastic silverware, but it worked just fine and not a big deal. I wasn't a fan of the coffee, but my wife really enjoyed it and her breakfast as well. 

I would definitely recommend this place as a casual "off the beaten path" cafe.
One of the best omelets I have had in a long time. The Italian was felled with goodness. Owner was really friendly. If you call ahead they will have your order ready.
when I moved here from san diego I knew I would miss my fav breakfast spot as they had the best monte Christo sandwich around.  so I googled monte Christo and found the Morning Star caf.  good sandwich and the prices are great cant wait to try the other items on the menu.  Oh, they take credit cards and cash.
The BEST! Not only is the food delicious but the family that owns and operates this business are as kind, courteous, and caring as it gets! Good food and loving on people is their thing.
So I have been hearing about Morning Star Caf for a while now and since I was in the area I decided to give them a try. I was already prewarned to call my order ahead, which I did,  I have to be honest I really didn't look at a menu, I just asked my besty what her favorite thing was and that's what I tried. 

What did I try you asked?? Well I ordered the Green Chile Chicken sandwich and it was delsih!  It had chunks of chicken breast, diced green chilies and melted mozzarella cheese, this sandwich was amazing!!! Loved it, the flavors of everything was so fresh, it reminded me of homemade green chili for burritos, but instead severed on a sandwich, which worked, I would have never thought of doing that, but that's because in my house we use tortillas more than bread .

I also grabbed a brownie/cookie because it looked too good to pass up, and man was I glad I did! Deliciously sweet! 

Glad I gave Morning Star a try, I do have to admit I did past the place up when 1st looking for it, didn't know it was in a industrial area, but now that I have found it I will be back more often, and calling in my order ahead worked out perfectly for me too!
So, I have come here several times, mostly for breakfast, and it has always been good. The food is good, and so is the coffee. Its not your regular dinner coffee, its actually better than I have had at several local coffee shops. The food is always good, and filling, but I don't leave feeling like I've had too much grease. Its nice and quiet in here and the service is great too. :)
We stopped by Morning Star Cafe for a quick lunch.  It is in an unassuming location but the sandwiches are AWESOME!  The sandwiches were big and I got to try the patty melt, tuna melt and Reuben.  They were all super good.
Morning Star Cafe is a quaint Mom & Pop sandwich shop that is very close to my place of employment. I only noticed it recently after seeing my fellow Yelp Elite friend Cheryl S. frequenting.  I figured with over 40 check -ins the food must be good. She and I met here for lunch on a Tuesday and had the Tuesday Special which is the turkey rellano, which I enjoyed and will return to have again. This is a gem tucked in a business park area. If you're in Tempe during the weekday lunch hour go check it out it's worth it.
Customer service was great. I made it clear it was my first time here and the lady taking my order explained the menu to me. Food was excellent I ordered the Monte Cristo, it was delicious.  The location is a little strange and yelp made it easy to get too.
One word... Reuben!  I have tried many, but this is the best ever.  There are many great choices here, though.  The proprietors are awesome.
Stopped here on our way back to Phoenix from a short vacation out of town. I was looking for a good sandwich place that was locally owned and a new experience for me and my husband. The yelp reviews led here. I ordered the Monte Cristo and it was as amazing as everyone said it was in the reviews. I will come back for sure to try more off the menu and anytime I have a Monte Cristo craving. The owners were super friendly and you can tell this restaurant is a labor of love.
Stopped on our way out to the airport. Cute, unassuming place in an industrial park.  Super friendly, easy, great service, good breakfast.  We'll be back-
Best Reuben I've ever had. Not exaggerating. We didn't see the restaurant at first, because of its location, but after we got inside, there was quick service and great food. 
It's run by some down to earth people, give it a try.
I'm always working when this place is open so I was excited to try it on a day I was off.  My sandwich was ok I got a turkey cranberry and the bread was just ok. Not enough meat for my taste, but fresh and flavorful.
Excellent monte cristo. And Peter, the owner, greeted me, rang up my order, and while my sandwich cooked he chatted with me at the counter like an old buddy. He told me how all his food is fresh daily and local. And his cook has been with him for 9 years. 

Quaint little place with great food and great mom-and-pop service.
Wow is this just a hidden jem. Back on an industrial street. You wouldn't even know it was there unless you worked in the area but do they have really good sandwiches. Sure I have only been twice and not 70 plus times like some people. Lol. My really good friend Cheryl B, the 70 plus timer, has been raving about this place for a while now but it was just a little too far away from my work to go there for lunch. Now that I have more time I was finally able to give it a try. She was right. It is really good. The Tuesday special is a Turkey Relleno sandwich, my fav so far. It is a cross between a turkey sandwich and a chilli relleno, which I didn't realize at first, but wow it is so good. Just the right amount of spice.
The owner, Peter, is either behind the couner or sitting at a table with his wife, who is also part owner, having some of their great food. They are both very nice. The place is not that big. Just a few tables inside and only a couple outside. It is a very nice and clean place. Simple. Nothing too fancy. The food says enough. The prices are very resonable. Especially for how good the food is. Everything was cooked just right and very fresh. Even the bread was amazing. The Patty Melt they have on special on Thursday was also very good. 
If you are in the area definitely stop by and have a sandwich. My recommendation is to go on a Tuesday. Then go a bunch more after that. Why not finish out the week there. I will definitely be back. I want to try the Monte Cristo sandwich next plus all of the rest. A nice little Mom and Pop breakfast and lunch spot. Give it a try. You will not be disappointed.
I am a fan.  Bread is fresh baked.  Breakfast sandwich rocked my socks off.  Small place in industrial area.  Well worth a visit.
I ordered the Denver Omelette and my boyfriend ordered the Monte Cristo. My omelette was a little dry but his Monte Cristo served with strawberry jam was delicious! For both meals and a cup of coffee cost about $16, which is very affordable. If I lived in the area I would definitely go back. The staff is super friendly as well.
4 stars for the food, people and ambiance, plus one more for the sweet memories this tiny cafe holds in my heart.  I became based out of Phoenix for a Seattle based company back in 2006.  My new coworker introduced me to this cafe when I first started and their egg sandwich with green chiles.  Wonderful Mom and Pop cafe with wholesome couple owners.  Food is heart-felt, the digs small but comfortable, clean and homey.  Dave loves the stuffed tomato, too.  

The office moved not long after I moved here from Tempe to Chandler which virtually eliminated our visits but I've never forgotten them.  A short several years later, I got moved back to Seattle.  I felt I owed them this review which is an uncommon five stars.  Such a wonderful time of my life that is permanently associated with Morning Star.  Thank you so much.
I decided to try this place out because my new job is nearby and the reviews were all positive. I will say you have to keep your eyes peeled because I accidentally drove right past it.

I walked in and it's a nice little restaurant with maybe 10 tables at most. I asked the owner what he recommended being that it was my first time there- he was super nice and went through the rundown. I ended up having the special which was Roast Beef and a HUGE iced coffee. The sandwich was amazing- I ate the whole thing in one sitting. 

If you're looking for a good sandwich and want to try something new try this place - it will not be a let down!
Love this place! The owners are always awesome and friendly and the food is always homemade and amazing! Get the stuffed tomato!
Used to work right next door and was able to go every morning. Ahhh it was bliss. They have the greatest sandwiches in town. I used to drive across town when I wasn't working to get their monte cristo. Come here if you want to be blown away.
I used yelp to find this place and I'm glad I did. We went here for breakfast and it was a great experience for my entire family. We all loved the food, I had the Monte Christo, wife had the scrambled egg sandwich, son had French toast, and daughter had eggs and sausage. The coffee was very good, freshly roasted from a place down the street. The coffee is a light breakfast blend, so don't criticize it if you are expecting burnt Starbucks (like some reviews). All the bread is also made nearby. Everything tasted very fresh and was prepared very well. The restaurant had a very homey feel to it. The owners took the orders, prepared the food, interacted with us and even gave us some ideas on what to do during our vacation. I highly recommend this place.
A bunch of folks I know really like this place.  Only being open M-F it is not someplace I could normally get to.  Last week I had a free day on my vacation and drove over. Glad I did!  The place was hopping about 11 with the early lunch crowd.  It was clear most of the customers were regulars as they were being addressed by name.  I had the grilled cheese on sourdough and a cup of cream of broccoli soup. At first I thought there was something wrong with the soup until I realized it was not loaded with salt and the main taste was the broccoli, what a concept! It is really a nice friendly place with great food.
I am ashamed at myself for not putting a review up for Deno's till now! Deno's is a hidden gem of Surprise. Nestled across the street from Del Web hospital and next door to a Hallmark store and a Safeway, one might not expect to come across some of the best pizza Surprise has to offer, but trust me- just try it. Deno's serves up thin flaky crust pizza cut into squares, the kind of pizza I fell in love with in Illinois and what I consider to be true Chicago style pizza. The toppings are under a blanket of cheese and there is never a dull bite. Deno's is reasonably price and BYOB. It is not unusual to see patrons in there with mini coolers enjoying a variety of beverages with their dinner. Please don't let the bare space and strip mall location deter you from trying it.
This is without a doubt my Favorite pizza place in the Surprise area, they serve Chicago Style thin crust pizza reminiscent to the pizza of my youth growing up in the suburbs south of Chicago, I've had pizza from the "THE BEST" Chicago pizzeria's in my life and I can safely say this pizza is an accurate representation of that region.  The pizza is loaded with cheese and in typical chicago fashion some of the toppings are under the cheese and some are on top. prices are affordable and in many cases cheaper than the generic triad (pizza hut,dominos, papa johns) this is also a BYOB establishment so we like to show up with a bottle of wine or two. though I've seen families bring in entire coolers, I also recently heard they started offering delivery but the last time we went we dined in and have yet to try this service.

My "best in class" top pick for pizza in surprise.
Sorry, folks...this is another Peoria/Surprise/Glendale pizza place I can take off my list.  Went there tonight - eat in - ordered a pepperoni & onion pizza.  I should have been concerned when it arrived and the pieces wouldn't break apart - with a kitchen knife and fork we were just barely able to cut them apart.  First bite...the crust was doughy and chewy and tasted strongly of flour.
Long story short, the girl asked how things were, as she saw us eating the toppings and leaving the crust.  We told her of the crust and her response was "Sorry."  I can't explain the 5 stars vs my one star, all I know is what the pizza was tonight.  Never, ever, again.
I'm from Chicago and I have to say Deno's has a very good thin crust pizza. Their sausage also has the seasonings I am accustomed to from back home. I order Deno's when I'm in the mood for a crispier (cracker like) crust. Lastly, how can you eat pizza without Hot Giardinera peppers? Their peppers are GREAT!
Yummy pizza and I usually don't like the thin crust. My husband and his family love the Chicago style beef sandwiches. We ate there last year and could wait to go back this year since we are out of state.
We ordered a large with spinach, mushroom and anchovies. And all I can say is bland cracker crust, bland sauce, bland spinach and mushrooms. the only good thing about it were the anchovies ( not super salty like a lot other places). I wont be ordering from Deno's again.
My first try at Denos.  Friday evening for a walk-in take out order.  Counter person said it would be ready in 15 minutes, but had to wait for 40 minutes.  I think they misplaced my order because other walk-ins placed orders after me and were served first.  Fortunately, when the order was ready, it was piping hot.  Pepperoni and sausage pizza with wings.  Wings were OK, tasty, but nothing special.  Deep fried, not baked.  The pizza however, was VERY good.  Crust was crisp, with just the right amount of sauce.  Pepperoni was flavorful.  The best part was the plentiful sausage, which was meaty, and not greasy like many places.  Overall, the pizza was great, but the service lacking.  Counter clerk was indifferent.  Might consider using them for phone-in orders only.
This is another Surprise pizza joint that I haven't been to in many years. Unlike Lucky's, the last time I had gone here I don't recall disliking the pizza. Today I was thinking I wanted a pizza that wasn't from one of the "Papa Jominos" chains. I first thought of hitting up Little Sicily. But that place, stupidly, is closed on Sundays. I remembered that Deno's was around the corner, and hooray, they were open.

Went inside, and was initially blown away by how expensive the pizzas were (a jumbo thin crust with four toppings was $28 after tax - come on!), and the wife got the shits with me when I decided to order anyway. Counter girl quoted a 20-25 minute wait, but it was only about 10-15 before the pizza arrived. Very large box, containing a pizza with a wafer thin crust. I live five minutes away. The pizza was placed at a VERY slight angle on the back seat. Here's what the pizza looked like when I got it inside (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/denos-pizza-surprise?select=iJ3lhOR7kKsDfVbDgrXtLA#iJ3lhOR7kKsDfVbDgrXtLA). They've gone and done the square cut on it. Hooray for incredibly uneven slices. I wrestled a few pieces on to my paper plate, since a paper plate seemed fairly fitting for the meal. Here's a picture (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/denos-pizza-surprise?select=M8UY7SRc1Ej3Oan6pEG7Gg). Finally, I took a bite. It actually didn't taste that bad. Not nearly as horrible as Lucky's, although about 1/10th the actual amount of food. Quality over quantity, I was thinking to myself, until I saw something that guarantees I won't be returning (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/denos-pizza-surprise?select=onJJk_sYQ4L7NlU_P0iLMg). Canned f-king champignon mushrooms. AGAIN! What the hell do places like this and Lucky's think they're playing at serving tinned mushrooms on a supposedly fresh pizza? My god.

Summary? A ten buck pizza for almost thirty. I KNEW I should have gone with Ray's, or even got a cold Costco deal to heat up at home. Canned mushrooms, my codpiece. (throws pizza box in air furiously, and watches it land on the garage roof)
The people who say "just another...", stay away and go to Pizza Hut!
The best that reminds me of back home Chicago thin crust. I come here once a week to get my fix. 
They don't serve alcohol but you sure can bring in a cooler, I've seen it.
Best pizza! My absolute favorite. This is a family owned place!! Wish there were more, but I will drive to surprise in a heartbeat for this pizza.
By far the best Chicago style thin crust in the west valley. Just like your local Chicago pizza joint and if we are going to splurge on pizza, we call Denos. The sauce is great and they've nailed the crust. The cheese sticks are also great. Definitely a hidden gem of a place.
I've gone to quite a few Chicago style pizzeria's since moving out here in search of the perfect pizza and the search is over this place had the best pizza of them all! The sausage was just like what l remember from pizzas back home in Chicago, the crust was thin and very tasty John made the pizza and did an excellent job plus we had a great conversation. The whole experience was awesome and it's worth the drive to Surprise, plus they have coke products...  having R.C. cola would've been real nostalgic though!
I expect the same call on the 23rd of December every year, and this is how it goes:

*ring ring*
Me: Hello
Frantic, frazzled, harried mom: Hi honey, how are you?
Me: Oh, hi Mom.  I'm good, how's it going?
FFHM: Oh, good, except...Oh, I forgot the ham.
Me: Of course you did.
FFHM: Could you go down to the Honey Baked Ham Store and get me their biggest* ham?
Me: *sighing* Sure, Mom.
FFHM: Ok, just remember, I want their BIGGEST* ham!  Thank you!  I love you!
Me: You're welcome!  I love you too!

*Note that the greatest number of adults we've had at Christmas dinner in the past few years has been something like, oh, 7.  And there's a turkey.  And all the sides.  And a few pies.  And a roast leg of beast, or somejunk.  We really, REALLY don't need the BIGGEST ham.

Anyway, I pack myself up and get myself to the Honey Baked Ham Store.  

And I get in line.  

Oh yeah, I'm totally standing outside.  Because it's December 23, and everyone and their mom (except mine!) is picking up their ham.  But look, the line, it MOVES.  It moves QUICKLY.  It moves so fast it's line Disneyland on crack.  I finally get in and my eyes can hardly believe what they are seeing.  The hams are flying so fast they're almost being launched from the arms of the employees into the still-chapped hands of the ham-needers.  I get to the counter with the speed of a cheetah on Dexatrim, and I blurt out, "Ineedyourbiggestham,please!" but my request goes unheeded.  Only hearing "ham" the, by now, automaton of an employee just hands me a ham as one behind me asks if I'd like chutney - which I get every year and which no one eats.

And hey, that ham is tasty.  That is the best ham out there, and I don't like ham.  Their turkey is some kind of glazed gift from a benevolent God it was easier to pretend didn't exist anymore.  The wait in the line is worth it, although their efficiency invariably leads to lack of hearing.

It's a holiday plight no one's thought of.

(Kudos to my mom for doubtlessly laughing at this although I tease her.  She knows she the best.)
Spiral cut honey baked ham. DELICIOUS!!!!!! I could eat this ham all year long. Why wait until the holidays.
I had a ham from here once.  It was a good ham.
Today I came in for a ham. So I ask the clerk at the counter for a boneless ham he brings me one with a bone. I point out it has a bone the clerk says oh and wraps in back up and brings me a boneless ham like I asked. So then I asked if they can slice the ham for me,  the clerk says we sell it by the slice, so again I ask can you slice this ham, and again I get the same answer.  So I just said thanks bought my ham and went home.  I come to find out, the ham was already sliced I just couldn't tell because of the sugar or honey or whatever you call it glazed on the ham. I gave 4 stars because the hams are so good and the clerk was new.
Love Honeybaked Hams... and their Turkey is excellent too!  
You can even get sides for a complete and delicious meal!
OR... you can go for lunch and order a tasty sandwich and side.

Suggestion... call ahead and order the size ham you want.... especially if you are ordering during holiday times.
One slow morning at Honeybaked Ham Henderson, I went in for a ham sandwich to go. They reached into their refrigerator and grabbed a premade sandwich on a roll that was wrapped in cellophane and bagged it. I got home and it had a rotten tomato.

At the time I could not find a place to post a review, so I called Honeybaked' home office to find where to review. They apologized and said they would like to send me a coupon for a free sandwich. It did not come in 2 months. I called them back and they said it takes more time. It's been a year.

This branch and corporate office get 2 thumbs down. Will never visit this franchisee again!

Franchisee is supposed to custom make every sandwich fresh!
I'm a new fan!  I haven't been here in years!  My co-workers use to go here all the time and get a platter of sandwiches!  They were dry, no pop to them.  Just lettuce, tomatoes, mayo and mustard packets!  So I didn't care for them.
My son got a gift certificate from his job and gave it to me.  So We go and wait in the line.  (X-mas eve)  Let me tell ya'll  When I took that first bite!  WOW!  That was amazing, it was sweet and crunchy on the edges!  I'm a fan!  I will be getting a honey baked ham every holiday from here on out!
Great Ham! The turkey (when it's on special, it's $19.99), and the ham bone soup mix @ $3.99 (you use the ham bone- takes hours to make, but it is sooooo good) is really delicious too. This place is crazy busy during the holidays- the line loops inside and is out the door! But if you've had the ham and the turkey, you understand why. It's one of  those great holiday traditions- to have a Honeybaked Ham. It's not cheap, but it's worth every penny. There is a full ham, a mini-ham, or a miscut (I think that this one tends to be a little cheaper, out of the three). If you want leftovers, buy a big one. So, if you are planning to come here, and it's around the holidays, better get here early or you will be waiting a while. Then again, it's worth the wait.

The sandwiches are really good too. Sometimes there are coupons in the weekly circulars (Red Plum) with specials for the sandwich combos @ $5.99. If you get a stamp card, you will get a free sandwich after 6 sandwiches are purchased. We went once over the weekend and we were the only ones here. 

If you want really good ham, come here. This is a well-known brand that people have come to love, year after year. One taste and you will want more.
Excellent ham! There are several cuts: regular, mini, and miscut (slight discount). It's no surprise when the line is pretty much out the door during the holidays, not to mention wrapped around inside too. As was the case a few years ago, when I went with my mom. For years, many families here have enjoyed the delicious ham and turkey during Easter, Thanksgiving, & Christmas. Save the bone for Ham Bone Soup- it's so yummy. You can also buy the bone, but there is a limit of one to a customer. Many years ago, there was a location on Maryland Parkway, across from the Boulevard Mall, but that's showing how long I've called Las Vegas home.

Not only does this company have excellent ham, the turkey is excellent too (roasted, smoked). There are free samples of the turkey (both kinds) and other products. Sometimes the turkey is on special for $19.99 during the holidays. There are several other excellent products like the ham bone soup mix, mustard, pineapple chutney, and side dishes too. 

This company also makes yummy sandwiches. I got the Classic-  roasted turkey, lettuce, tomato, savory sauce, mustard, on a soft sweet kaiser looking roll that smashes down as you eat it.  My husband likes the Smoke Stacker- ham, lettuce, minus the tomatoes which I end up getting, barbeque sauce, on a ciabatta roll (not overly big, which I hate getting). If you get the stamp card, you will get a free sandwich after purchasing 5 sandwiches. We got the combos (lots of choices- salads, chips, etc., and both cost a little over $16.00. FYI, if you have a gift card, don't separate the card from the card that it is attached to, or else, the gift card is no good- it states so on the card. 

Located in a strip mall on Rainbow, not far from Charleston. Small but clean store, with less than ten tables with chairs. Bathrooms are located in the small hallway to the left. In front of the bathrooms stands an automatic hand sanitizer station- neat. There are two counters (cashier, ham). One refrigerated section to the right as you enter the store. Small but clean location. The people working there were really nice. She messed up my order but gave us a free brownie for the mixup. There were no other customers before but after us, there
were a couple customers; not sure if this is typical for sunday morning.

The other locations are at Centennial/Ann area & Henderson- Sunset, near Chuck E Cheese.
OK so this Christmas I decided to make things easy for myself in the cooking department, considering I just cooked a full on feast for Thanksgiving.

I decided to have a Honeybaked ham for my Christmas dinner and I will make all of the delicious sides which would be simple!

The Ham was delicious, picked it up the day before Christmas, yes waited in a 40 minute line, I was expecting that so no shock, lol.

It was $38 bucks for a ham that fed 8 people a generous portion, I think it was a great deal for taste, price and convenience.

You don't even have to bake or heat it up, simply pull it out and let it rest for an hour and you are ready to go. That is key that you serve this ham at room temperature!

I suggest making your own sides as they are costly and in my opinion their sides are not as good as what you can do on your own. They are called Honeybaked ham for a reason and that is what you should buy :)

All I had to do was my sides, green beans and bacon, brown sugar baked yams, and scalloped potatoes. It was an easy Holiday dinner and it left a lot more time for talking, snapping pics and laughing with family and friends!

I will be doing a repeat of this next year for my Christmas dinner!!!

I am a very happy customer!
Just had a D-Lish Tavern Club. First visit to a Honey Baked and I'll definitely be back. Not just because the sandwich was yummy (which it was...bread was awesome, thick cuts of meat, ripe tomatoes...) but the team was even better. Everyone there was super nice and helpful and they wanted to make sure we were enjoying our visit especially due to the reconstruction happening. In a world of waivering levels of service, these guys stand out as being awesome. Loyalty has been bought. Thanks honey baked team!
The store manager of this establishment is Dave Sheppard.  He is not very friendly, and lies.  I worked during the holiday season one year.  The store is great!  The management does not. care  This store needs to have a new store manager that cares about employee's and the store.
Madison's most quaint and romantic little italian bistro (there aren't that many of them).  Their wine cellar has a very extensive beer and wine list.
MMmm....love this place.  My mouth waters thinking about the Pollo d'aglio....marinara sauce with goat cheese.....mmm!  Love the huge booths, I went there on a double date last time which was a lot of fun.  Don't forget to check out the downstairs wine cellar.  Tied with the King Street Tutto for best downtown Italian....wait, I changed my mind, Porta Bella definitely wins.  5 stars.
This is the place where good UW boyfriends take their girlfriends for nice dates, anniversaries and the like. For a sloppy college student, it's a chance to dress up and enjoy the quiet, dim ambience and great Italian cuisine.
I have been to Porta Bella several times over the years.  Why I've gone there more than once I just don't know.  I just want so badly to like this place but every time it truly disappoints.  The only thing it has going is the semblance of a romantic atmosphere (although that's really only due to the low lighting).

My last trip I had the pasta primavera, artichoke and spinach ravioli in a pesto sauce and sauteed veggies.  The only problem was that there were 3 itty bitty raviolis in the entire dish.  Trying to find them was like an archeology dig amongst unfresh and limp veggies.  

Next time you walk past the place do yourself a favor and just keep walking.  The sub-par food and service aren't worth your time or money.
The classic 'date' or 'romance' place on campus. Good food and always fun. The Cellar Bar is great place to get away from the craziness of State Street. Great little basement hideaway!
I quite like the place....their entrance is through a quaint-looking garden which sets a romantic mood. The ambiance inside is pretty nice. The food is good. Try the stuffed mushrooms. They can be pretty busy at times so I would call ahead.
While the dark, cozy atmosphere is always cited as romantic, it's also a fun place to go with friends or for lunch for something different.  I highly recommend the lunch menu- about the same price as anywhere else ($8-9), but you leave with leftovers for lunch the next day too!

The atmosphere, service, and variety makes this a much more interesting place to go than Tutto or Ginos, for basically the same price and much more satisfying food.
Madison is not a great Italian food town, but there are certainly better choices than Porta Bella, which serves up uninspired versions of  standard checkered-tabecloth Italian dishes for $15-20 an entree, in a dim room that looks like an abandoned Legion hall.  Nowhere close to Osteria Papavero or Lombardino's -- to be honest, the food here tastes pretty much the same as the meatball sub I can get at the FIB's cart for 5 bucks.
The food is a joke.  I can understand if you like the atmosphere, but let's all get serious about the food.
This experience started off extremely well.  The entrance of the restaurant takes you through gates that open to an outdoor patio adorned with ivy covered walls and rod iron table and chairs.  A really unique and peaceful setting in an otherwise busy area.  The entrance to the inside of the restaurant greet you with dark, warm colors and low lighting.  A great atmosphere!

The service and food were another story however.  We ordered wine, appetizers, salads, and entrees.  Our appetizers came out and were okay (Sampler).  The salads and entrees followed before we could finish any of the previous courses.  Felt very rushed in what seems to be a very relaxed and intimate atmosphere.  The Caesar salad was okay.  Nothing to write home about.  The entree, however, was aweful.  

Chicken Tetrozinni (spelling??), boasted a rich cheese sauce over chicken and rotini.  I added mushrooms, which helped.  The sauce was about as rich as a freshman on the UW campus.  More like a weak alfredo than any kind of decent cheese sauce.  Not to mention, there was no (and I mean NO) flavor to the dish.  I asked for fresh cracked pepper, and they pepper mill was grinding out dust over my dish.

All-in-all, I give it a 2 star rating for the atmosphere.  But if you are going for a good Italian dish, there are better options within walking distance.  Too bad too. The restaurants design and atmosphere are top notch.
Great looking restaurant.  We couldn't enjoy the atmosphere though since they crammed everyone in the restaurant into one tiny section.  I agree with the comment about the food being a joke.  Service wasn't great either - lots of employees around but few smiles or greetings.  Don't be fooled by the looks of this place if you want to have a nice dinner.
Let me preface this by saying that I'm not a food snob, but I do enjoy cooking and when I eat out, I like to order food that offers me something that I can not easily create myself.  We are new to Madison, and just the week before we ate at Tutto's down the street from Portabella's for the first time.  Tuttos is almost exactly the same price-point and we had good food, a great atmosphere, and a wonderful time.

When I took my wife's family to Portabella's for her birthday, I was expecting something special.  The restaurant had equally good reviews for food and absolutely rave reviews for atmosphere.  When we arrived, we were promptly ushered into that room that is typically set aside for families with children (or the under-dressed).  No problems there, a little tacky, but the service was still attentive and we didn't want to ruin anyone else's romance.

In short, we were still prepared to be impressed.  We were very surprised to discover that the food was absolutely lousy.  Not just bad, cheap catered wedding banquet bad. 

To give you an idea of what I mean, the chicken breast in the chicken rollatini was not properly dressed and still had bits of gristle attached.  It also had that peculiarly soft texture that comes from sitting in a steamy warmer for hours before being used.  The "procuitto" in the rollatini was actually sliced smoked ham.  The walnut pesto was so oily that it began to separate on the plate and the red potatoes were a soggy pile of pepper, potato,and oil.  The entire plate was an overcooked, tasteless, and oily mess.

If the rollatini was an embarassment, the lasagna was simply careless.  It's composition was sloppy.  The noodles (all two of them) were so liquid heavy that they did not hold their texture.  The sauce was thin and ran out of the lasagne onto the plate, which made the entire dish something like a chunky soup.  The entire thing was a sloppy mess.  A personal annoyance (that doesn't necessarily indicate poor craftsmanship) was that there were chunks of meat the size of my thumbs.

Our other food was similarly flawed, but it was the sangria that ruined the evening.  My wife loves sangria.  She loves it enough that she isn't particularly picky about it.  I can totally understand using cheap wine and triple sec (instead of a premium orange liqueur) for the drink.  I can even understand adding a little juice to thin it out if it's too strong.  What I cannot understand is adding water to dilute it.  Typically, if my sangria tastes a watery I assume that it's ice-melt, but this was a degree of watery that I have only tasted before when I went back to a glass sitting in the hot sun that wasn't worth drinking anymore. Our sangria was literally 1/3 water.

This is one restaurant that has either confused its catering business with it's sit down service, has gotten sloppy, or thinks that its ambiance is sterling enough to make up for lousy food.  Whatever is the case, I can't imagine ever ordering food there again.
I went there for the lunch deals only, but I can't say I'm impressed with the food. Service there is really nice and their lunch portions are filling, but their pasta is very overcooked. It's also a bit dark inside the place, but it's nice and quiet for the most part.
We went with another couple to have a 'Best of Madison' experience since I have walked by Porta Bellas many times and told my wife I would like to try it some day.
I'm just going to say it, great ambiance, good service, mediocre food and an OK price. You would be much better off going to Bellini's for an Italian experience. The food there is more authentic and the ambiance is just as good.
The atmospere is funky-- exactly like a spaghetti western.  Some experiences have been good and others alright. The pizza is good, but has been too burnt on the bottom during a few visits.  I really don't like anything but the pizza here and at paisans, their sister restaurant.  The waitstaff is a little quirky sometimes.
Just got back from an anniversary dinner at Porta Bella and I have to stay I think this place is all right but not anything to write home about.
The staff was very friendly, and managed to walk the line between attentive and intrusive.
The wine selection is sort of meh, but the bottle we had was pretty decent for the price (Shannon Ridge sauvignon blanc).
The food is between decent and good (a little oily, but that's Midwestern Italian for ya), but more importantly, for its price it is a huge steal.
As for atmosphere: the place is cozy and intimate. Some of the tables' conversations traveled, but the small booths are very private. And comfortable.

Overall, I would recommend at least trying it out.

EDIT: One of us got a bit sick the morning after. I would suggest avoiding any of the butter-garlic sauces. They are extremely oily (beyond anything reasonable).
The food was edible, but not incredible. Mind you, it's better than what I can make for myself, but it doesn't stand out. I honestly couldn't tell you whether or not it was expensive because UWIsc paid for our banquet.

However, the downstairs basement/dungeon/bar/whatever is a pretty fun place to hang out. The dining area can get cramped and difficult if it's reserved for large groups because there are big pillars that take up a lot of space. This makes restroom trips cumbersome.

But the flirty and good-looking bartender? He gets 25,000,000 stars.
I mainly wanted to eat here so I could eat in their nice outdoor seating area.  I was upset when they had a sign up that said something along the lines of "See hostess inside for outdoor seating" and then she told us that the outdoor area was reserved for a private party.  So, they should learn to take the sign down.
The hostess stand is in an odd place.  You walk through most of the building and passed a cash register before finding it.  I've heard that the decor was "romantic," but I'd have to disagree.  It seems very outdated.  Plus, part of our booth was dusty and the mirrors (which are all over) were covered in fingerprints.
We ate early (5:00), so the service was very prompt.  Our waitress was in the process of being trained, so I gave her a break with her knowledge of the menu.  I ordered the vegetarian manicotti and my date ordered the top sirloin.  These meals can come with soup or salad.  I asked if I could get their Porta salad without ham and salami (being vegetarian) because I'm not a fan of Caeser (mainly the eggs and anchovies), and she informed me that their salads were premade, so I didn't get any.  I'm pretty surprised there's not a garden salad on the menu.  She forgot to ask what sauce I wanted, but her trainer made sure to remind her.  They both forgot to ask if my date wanted pasta or potatoes and ended up bringing out the steak with potatoes (without asking a preference).
The waitress brought out bread and was very good about explaining what was in the dip which came with it.
Our meal was brought out quickly after that.  The spinach in the manicotti had a bite (negative) to it that I haven't really had in the past with pasta.  My date's steak  was fine and the potatoes were tasty.

So, overall.  My service was very good, the decor is outdated, and the food was mediocre.
It's not incredibly vegetarian friendly for an Italian restaurant.
If you can, eat outside!

I'd probably go to Tutto before Porta Bella.  I'd definitely go to Osteria Papavero before any other Italian place in Madison
Haven't gone here in a long time due to the dirty bathroom.  There were ancient cobwebs hanging from the ceiling and it was unkempt and in disrepair.  I felt that if this is how they disregarded the bathroom they most likely disregard everything else.  I won't go back.  The food and the service was good.  But I couldn't get past the other issues. 1of 5 stars for a casual to mid level dining restaurant.
This is a Madison must-try. The food above-average & the atmosphere is just something that needs to be experienced. Don't let the haters deter you! If you don't want to commit to a meal, at least check out the lower-level wine cellar bar!
This recent dinner was my third trip to Porta Bella.  The first experience we had I was actually quite impressed and we really enjoyed our meal.  This was about 6 years ago.  Then we visited again about 2 years ago and had a mediocre experience.

This past Friday, we were looking for a place to have a romantic dinner and Porta Bella definitely provides an atmosphere and secluded seating which provides this.  From the romantic/private standpoint, we got exactly what we were looking for, a booth for two in a secluded area.

The food is where I have really struggled over the past two visits.  First off, keeping in mind this is an Italian restaurant, they are very limited in their ability to accommodate any alteration to their meal .  They have a pasta combo, which by default comes with lasagna and chicken tetrazzini.  My wife, not being a fan of cream sauces, asked if she could simply get Spaghetti Bolognese instead of the tetrazzini.  She was told that everything is pre-portioned so that you could not swap.  Ok, whatever...she ordered the Bigoli Bolognese.  Because she's pregnant, she can't eat cold cut meats and asked if they could "hold" the meat on her salad.  We were again told this was not possible, because the salads are all pre-made.  This seems crazy for an Italian restaurant, to essentially have everything pre-made up.  As if pasta and sauce are hard to prepare.  Clearly they are not doing anything too special in the kitchen to prepare our meals.

In the end, the quality of the meal spoke to their effort in preparation.  The bolognese sauce was rather flavorless and my seafood tetrazzini was even less flavorful and nearly dry.  At an avg of around $15 per entree, I don't expect 5 star quality, but to be honest I could have gotten a better meal at an Italian chain restaurant and they would have been more accommodating in the meal preparation.

I would recommend looking at many of the other Italian restaurants in Madison.
I was looking for an Italian restaurant in Madison to take my girl for Valentine's day dinner. I finally decided to give this place a shot even thought I had read mixed reviews about it. Well...the place was absolutely beautiful. Very nice and clean...all around great, romantic, cozy atmosphere. Servers and the rest of the staff were very courteous and friendly. I had a reservation and was seated within 5 minutes of arriving. Now for the food...whack...whack, whack WHACK!!! I had lasagna...which I love and have had from dozens of places and hadn't been able to find a place with just plain bad lasagna...until now. I tasted nothing, the sauce was very runny, and the lasagna itself had a weird consistency(kind of like half cooked noodles). My girl had something that looked like burritos and apparently was just as bad. And the worst part of the whole deal is that shortly after having dinner there I got sick. I don't know if it was something in the sauce or if it wasn't prepared properly or if it was all the oil used in the food but it did not sit well in my stomach. I felt nauseous all the way until I finally fell asleep. If it makes up for anything, though, the lemonade was AMAZING.
I went to this overpriced "Italian" restaurant last night and although I enjoyed the atmosphere and romantic ambiance of the restaurant and the service was fine, I found it really a big disappointment food wise.  The cesar salad was iceberg lettuce, mozzarella and store bought croutons.  My mushroom ravioli (which now I realize were $2/piece for a total of 6 ravioli) were boring and tasteless with again, a boring tomato sauce.  My husband's lasagne was $f15 for poor quality lasagna with the same boring tomato sauce over top.  I won't be back!
Love this place. It's a Madison hidden gem. Great food, nice wine list. Very intimate setting. Ask for the Rose room, or the Fountain room. Get the Porta Salad, and have some bread!
We ate here in a family group of five, expecting the previous (apparently) menu that they had gotten to know and love. We were blindsided by something new.
Despite my fiancee's constant talk of a tetrazzini, (12x in the car ride alone), she looked at me after tasting it and winced.
I was unimpressed with the sirloin and gnocchi dish. Now I'm normally against steak at an Italian place, but the gnocchi looked quite good.
The sirloin was overcooked and the gnocchi portion was tiny. Le sigh.
Yet another Madison place I've visited with high expectations and been confronted with marginal food.
I will say the service was average, not fast, slow or much to comment on.
Lovely garden seating. I was there on a beautiful summer day and they have tables with some shady trees around so it's nice even on a hot afternoon.

We only ordered a couple of desserts and they were both good. If that's an indicator, I'm confident the food is good too. 

Unfortunately, they didn't have the garden seating open the last time I went there on a Saturday afternoon in late September. They said they don't open it when the the temperature drops below 60 or something.  Which was very odd because it was a gorgeous day and it was a very 
busy weekend in Madison due to a football game. 
The inside seating is more upscale and intimate inside.  Seems appropriate for a romantic dinner out.
went for a catered wedding one sunday. the food was good and the employees that were assigned to the wedding were pleasent and helpful, however one manager ruined everything when he decided we were too noisy (this is Wisconsin we drink at weddings) and claimed that we were disturbing the business up stairs(they were dead, didn't even turn their outside lights one untill 9pm) and kicked the entire wedding party out about an hour too early. 
to review: food=meh ok for catering
service=alright they were nice
jackass power tripping manager who should be sacked=night destroyer
The pizza was excellent. We came here looking for a nice outdoor eating experience and enjoyed their pretty courtyard. We'll certainly be back for the pizza.
I came with some out-of-town family, and overall, I thought Porta Bella was pretty bad. 

First Impression: 
Porta Bella kind of comes across as a hole-in-the-wall -- you could easily walk past it and not really realize what's there. I enjoyed the atmosphere (secluded tables, intimate lighting) and their separate rooms -- we were in the "Rose Room", although you would never know it with the million roses on the wallpaper. 

Booze: 
I had an Old Fashioned to start off the night, and it was pretty bad. Maybe I've just become spoiled to how other places make them (namely, the Old Fashioned), but I was pretty disappointed. The wine list seemed to be very small, although I don't drink very much wine so I was okay with that aspect. The wine that was paired with my meal was very good, however. 

Food: 
I had an overall decent impression with my meal (Shrimp and Scallops with Tomato Vodka Sauce), but my wife absolutely hated her meal. The seafood was cold and rubbery, the sauce was cold, etc. My review has been tempered to reflect her poor experience.

Overall, Porta Bella seems to be hit-or-miss. I want to give it another shot before I write it off, as I had an okay time, but my expectations have now been significantly lowered.
Love the decor of this place.  Used to come here with the parents when I was at UW.  Took my husband this time for a little walk down memory lane.  Of course it looks exactly the same.  And I absolutely love the old parlor feel.  Bar is great.

The food was yummy though nothing extraordinary and I was a little put off by the service.  Super friendly but we never got a napkin even after asking and when the waitress nearly dropped a platter of another table's food, one entree of manicotti tipped over onto her breast shirt, she spilled quite a bit of sauce on her bare arm (which I am sure was very hot) then tilted it back upright with some of that sauce going back on the plate.  It was a nice save and she remained calm throughout, but, she still gave the food to the customer.  Ick.  That definitely lost this restaurant a star.
This restaurant is the perfect spot for date night, dinner with friends or even a business meeting.  The layout of the restaurant maintains privacy for diners in defined booth spaces and the cozy old-world decor simply adds to the atmosphere.  In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.  You start to relax even before the waitstaff asks for your beverage request.  

Whether you're visiting for lunch or dinner, the menu holds a diverse selection of Italian favorites and includes nightly specials for guests to enjoy.  The wait for the food is relatively short or seemed that way, due to the intimacy of the place.  When it arrives, it is high quality and very tasty.  I don't think you can go wrong with your selection!  Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.

I'll definitely be back for lunch, dinner or cocktails.
Growing up in Madison, I have heard about this place for years.  It is with that and Restaurant Week that my girlfriend and I ventured out there last night.

The environment was great, nice and cozy with a higher class feel. Great lighting and seating arrangement.

The service was good, nothing bad, but nothing spectacular.

However, the point of this was for the food. Sadly, that did not live up to the hype, not even marginally.

The bread and oil served as a precursor was incredible. The oil was infused with a nice spice that went great with the warm sourdough.

For appetizers, we had the Italian Stuffed Mushrooms and the Spinach and Artichoke Dip.  The dip was incredible, hot, gooey, with a crusty yet easily broken up bread. The mushrooms left much more to be desired.  Initially, they tasted like a pizza without a crust, but as I chewed, the pepper became overwhelming.  That was the first one.  After that, I could scarcely taste anything but pepper.

Our entrees were a stuffed steak, what I would refer to as a Steak Parmigiana and Stuffed Shrimp with Spinach Fettuccine. The marinara with the steak was ok, most likely homemade, but the steak was overcooked to the point of being tough. And overall the dish was rather bland, even with the sauce and cheese.  The shrimp dish was no better.  The shrimp itself was good, but the stuffing and the white sauce both had little to no flavor. What little flavor that they did have was from the pasta and the shrimp.  The pasta itself was very good, as long as it was sauce free.  It had a great texture, was cooked perfectly, and made me think it was made in-house.  I did not eat most of this dish, which is nearly unheard for me.

Then we had our desserts, a hazelnut gelato with a cream center and a chocolate cannoli.  Both were good, but nothing to rave about.  The cannoli's filling was very rich and it almost made itself less appealing the more I ate.  I'm a chocolate fiend and have had varieties from many countries, so this was new to me.  The cream center of the gelato was a great addition, but was offset a bit by the overabundance of cocoa on the outside.  Again, neither was bad, but they fell short of memorable.

This meal was mostly bland really.  Short of a couple highlights, it was simply a below average meal.  The one thing that I'd never think of Italian cuisine is bland. Even if you're not a fan of the flavors, they are always there and always intense.  That's part of the draw.  For Porta Bella, it's character-lacking food has persuaded me to look elsewhere.
Awful. And any other word you can think of that crossed awful. I went with a few friends to Porta Bella on Frances St for restaurant week. I LOVE restaurant week and have been pleased with every other establishment I have been to that offers a filling three course meal for only 25 dollars. I looked at the menu before hand and everything sounded so stuffing---most of the dishes included a comestible that was "stuffed" so the pun was intended there. In addition, all the entrees sounded so rich and bountiful. And that's exactly what they were-- rich with age and bountiful of disgust. The first course wasn't the worst but it certainly wasn't mind blowing on any level. I had a greek salad and the leaves were old and almost dusty tasting, I've had better salad at a franchise like Olive Garden (I hate admitting I go to franchises). The second course was even worse. I ordered a stuffed NY strip which was very very cold and nothing on the inside was melted together to create a "stuffed" feeling. The funniest thing was that the waitress handed us the plates with oven mitts on telling us to be very careful because it was hot. False. none of our dishes were above 60 degrees. Other members of my group had pork which was WAY overdone and ravioli that was barely covered in any sauce. You can only imagine how awful the sea food was if they can't even get their ravioli right. Lastly, for dessert, I had a chocolate mousse cannoli which was OK, but two others in my group had "cherry stuffed" cannoli's that contained absolutely no cherries. When we confronted the server about the lack of cherries she told us that it was basically a hit or miss to as if you got cherries in your cannoli. She went on to explain that the cannoli mix came out of a pipe that they squeezed. I understand how they are made, however, that wasn't the right terminology to explain to a group of already displeased guests as to why it was lacking it's biggest seller--the cherries. The atmosphere was completely outdated and there were gnats flying around. I would NEVER go back and never recommend this place to anyone, the only good thing about this experience was spending time with my friends. Save your money for Olive Garden.
As a native Madisonian I consider Porta Bella one of the cornerstone restaurants of city. It has been around forever and is part of the unique flavor of downtown. It has a really nice ambience and i used to enjoy going there in years past. That's why I was extremely disappointed  with my recent experience dining there. Basically the rating I've given is for a tasty salad & entree and mediocre dessert. The reason the rating is so low is because the service was HORRIBLE. We were seated promptly and from there the service went totally downhill. Our waitress was friendly but COMPLETELY clueless. What should have been a one-hour meal took THREE HOURS. The service was incredibly slow and the waitress put one of the entrees in completely wrong so the order had to be put in over again and one person had to wait for their food. But amazingly that didn't slow the dinner down as much as the waiting between courses. Our waitress clearly had no idea how to stay in touch with her tables, she disappeared for long periods of time. She would take simple requests for more water and would vanish for more than 10-15 minutes at a time. I would have thought this was a problem with the kitchen but just from watching our waitress i think the problem was her & not so much the kitchen. Although she was eventually apologetic about the wait I think she really was undertrained for her job and possibly the dumbest wait person I've ever encountered. She was friendly but just had no idea how to do things. It was pretty shocking. The service took so agonizingly long it was hard to enjoy the food, which was fairly good but didn't really blow our socks off. Overall, a very disappointing experience, especially since I consider Porta Bella a city landmark. I'm planning on contacting the management, which is something I've NEVER done before but I was THAT appalled by how bad our waitress was.
I need to preface this by saying that the company was AWESOME!
I love ya Kristen if you're reading this, I do. 
And it was a blast getting to celebrate your birthday with you. 

But other than that... 

This place is rrrrrrrrrrrough. 

1. A young server who couldn't make strong menu recommendations.
2. A negroni that looked like a shirley temple and tasted like nothing I wanted to drink.
3. The most flavorless... FLA-VUH-LESS chicken Parmesan I think I've ever eaten. 
4. This weird noodle, the name of which I can't remember, that they're supposed to be known for but I can't forget soon enough. Over cooked, mealy, melt in your mouth like you don't want your pasta to do. 
5. And honestly, overpriced for the quality and portion size. 

This place reminds me of Caruso's in Tucson (http://www.yelp.com/biz/carusos-tucson#hrid:6nm_dN4voJ43v98n5IF3PQ). Also Italian. Also an institution. And maybe good back in the day? 

Sometimes when things get older they age gracefully. And other times they suck harder than a six year-old on a jolly rancher. 

I know these one star reviews are hard for folks to digest, but so is Porta Bella. When I think about my scale for going as low as I've done so here I think, "is there any redeeming quality that would make it so I would return?" 

Methinks not.
We ended up at Porta Bella after our first choice was booked.

It started fine, but it went downhill from there...

It was HOT inside.  I'd say high 70s or 80.  I asked the server if they had a thermostat and she said "Yeah, it is hot."  Something must have been wrong with the HVAC.

Others at my table ordered pizzas and seemed happy.  I ordered the lasagna from a recommendation. It was still cold in the middle when it was served.

It had a cool look inside, but overall we were not impressed.
One of the worst Italian restaurants I've ever been to. 

Food is terrible. It's American Italian and its worse than olive gardens. Need I say more?

Service was really slow. Pasta was not cooked al dente and was flavorless. Why oh why. Such terrible food at an otherwise beautifully decorated restaurant.
I have to agree with many of the reviews, the atmosphere is wonderful and romantic, the service was friendly and prompt, but my serving was small and the bolognese sauce was bland, certainly not like grandma made it
I'm so sad how far downhill Porta Bella has gone since I was in college.  While the romantic atmosphere remains, the food is awful.  Our Bolognese smelled and tasted like Chef Boyardi:(  Our waitress was so spacey and disinterested we had to laugh every time she left our table.  I hope the owners can turn the menu around - I think they need rescuing by Robert Irvine of Restaurant Impossible.
I used to walk past Porta Bella all the time when I was in college, but never made time to visit!

I really enjoyed my first visit to Porta Bella. I met up with a mentor of mine for a Friday lunch. The restaurant was really quiet and I can see how it would be perfect for a date night... Romantically lit with high booth backs.

The lunch menu was limited to a few pasta dishes, some salads, and sandwiches. My companion ordered a salad and 1/2 portion of the hot cheese bread, which she said had been her go-to for years (a perfect portion, and just healthy enough...) I opted for the manicotti with tomato sauce-- two delicate rolls of fresh pasta filled with just enough cheese and spinach, baked in a flavorful sauce. It was a perfect lunch portion, supplemented with bread and spiced oil. 

The price was right at about $10 with lemonade. It's what I'd typically spend for a sit-down lunch.

I look forward to going back! Oh, but watch your knees on the wrought iron table legs!
Party room beastly hot.  Food very mediocre.  Waitress spilled hot meat juices from numerous plates on floor, table, and customers.  New York strip steak tasted boiled.
I went to porta bella's on a date. The setting is very romantic and the way the seating is set up makes it a more intimate setting. For an appetizer we ordered the bruschetta, it was okay...the feta cheese was over powering. I ordered the portabella mushroom fettuccine alfredo. My noodles were over cooked and the sauce was extremely bland. I will never eat here again.
It was "eh, alright."

My husband and I went for a late dinner, around 9:30 pm on a Saturday. 
We ordered a bottle of the house chianti. That was delicious. He ordered the New York strip and I ordered the pumpkin ravioli with gorgonzola sauce. The steak was juicy but maybe a bit too peppery for us. The pumpkin ravioli was alright. I think that it was microwaved (the food burnt the roof of my mouth and the edges of the pasta seemed dry) but I may be wrong. The sauce was yummy for the first few bites and then I think that it masked the taste of the pumpkin a bit.
This has been my favorite restaurant in Madison for as long as I can remember.  The spaghetti is THE BEST.  Along with the porta salad (w/buttermilk dressing) & the cheese bread.  The pizza is also amazing if you're looking for something to share as an appetizer or with the table.
Their wait staff is well versed in the wine pairings and recommendations on the menu- though yes, they are college students- this is a college town!

 It is such a romantically decorated restaurant-- absolutely perfect for a date night or for meeting up with someone for drinks.
My Husband went to Porta Bella for the 1st Tuesday. We are in Madison alot but never went in. We are glad we did.

The bread dipping sauce was mind blowing. I had the Porta Bella Linguine with a glass of house Chianti. It was wonderful. 

Our waiter was great the atmosphere is romantic old supper club style. I have one suggestion. Recover those cool booths. The floral prints are mauve dated 80's grandma. 

We will be back!
The best italian in Madison.  Service is great.  Food is so good!  Tonight, I had the Prosciutto and Panna-Shells in a cream sauce with peas, prosciutto and mushrooms and then baked with a Porta Salad.  My wife had a dinner sized Porta Salad.  Both were so delicious.  We have never had a bad experience and have never had bad food.  We go there for special occasions or just because!!
We took our parents here for a dinner when they came to visit Madison.  The weather was perfect so we were able to sit out on the patio, which was better than the inside.  The inside was a bit dark - I want to say they were trying to go for an intimate setting, but I wasn't sure.  

The food was pretty good. I ordered a Mushroom Ravioli dish which was pretty tasty as well as the Porta Salad (iceberg and romaine lettuce with ham, cheese, red peppers, and other tasty things). The others at my table ordered a Pumpkin Ravioli (yum! would get this the next time we went), a Blackberry Salad (the kitchen ran out of Blackberries so cherries were substituted, which was delicious), a Meat Lasagna and Chicken Tetrazzinni (this was good as well) and Stuffed Chicken Breast (which was good but a bit heavy on the alfredo sauce).  Because two of us ordered food off the dinner special menu, we had a cannoli for dessert, which was delicious.  Overall, great food - I'd go again.
Pan style pizza by the slice, garlicy breadsticks with nacho cheese sauce, a decent salad bar, and quick service makes Rocky's a solid lunch option.

Best bets are the sausage & roni super slice, or the garden slice. Visit at around noon on a weekday and you'll be in and out in no time. Salad bar is light on meaty toppings, but the lettuce is consistently good as are the veggie options.

This location has a movie theater and game room as well; plenty of seating during most times of the day.
They have a nice place here, especially in the winter when it is nice to warm up by the fireplace which is in the center of the room.
But they fall down on the food and cleanliness.   
Their bathroom is not terrible but not clean either and small.
Their salad bar is small and I have gotten spoiled food in my salad.
Their pizza is usually good but I have gotten slices that are way overloaded with grease.  I mean I used to take my napkin and soak off the grease before I took a bit.  Sometimes two napkins full of grease.
Yeah, not cool.   
Haven't been back for some time now due to the food quality issues.
I eat lunch between 10am and 11am because I begin my day at 5am.  I went to Rocky's  recently at 10:30am to give them another shot.  Their door said they opened at 10:30am.   The door was locked.  Waited for two minutes,,,,, still no one.   Went to my car.   As I drove out the lot I saw someone opening the door.   Bye bye....
This is a solid Rocky's location.  I generally get fast service, the prices are average for Madison, and they have a nice bit of games and a fireplace.  The pizza is similar to Unos but I consider it less greasy.  I would recommend this Rocky's to people planning to try the place out.  The one on Monona drive is nice also.  AVOID the East Wash location.
Let's just put it out there:  You don't get to meet Rocky when you come in.  It's a let down for sure.  

If you're in the neighborhood wanting some lunch, I love this place.  You'll get a good deal on a slice of pizza, their salad bar, and a drink.  

For the pizza?  It's quality stuff.  Think Pizza Hut, but with a more flavorful crust.  I'm also a fan of the rectangle orientation.  Not sure why a rectangle pizza tastes better, but I don't question it.

Bottom line, you won't be disappointed.  It's a quality pizza, and a great place to stop by for a good lunch.
Its not gourmet pizza, but it is good for a chain. Its one of the only places to get a slice of pizza on the go for a reasonable price. 
The breadsticks are a great indulgence, especially if you like butter and garlic, its not not just dry bread. 
The staff is always friendly and there is almost never a wait if you order at the counter. We almost always take it to go, I am not a fan of the seating area. It smells very much like fast food and is not too comfortable. 
Overall, its a great place to get a slice and breadsticks for lunch or dinner on the go.
OMG this place sucks. I didn't want to wait for a made to order pizza, so I go the slices. It seems that they sell quite a few slices, so you would think they would be okay or at least edible. It was HORRIBLE. They are slices of undercooked doughy bread, as the crust, with grease oozing everywhere. Literally, I had to take a napkin and place it underneath the slices in the box, because I didn't want the crust to become soggy. IT WAS PURE CRAP. And get this, each one was about $4.
It's at a hop, skip & a jumps distance, in front of the hotel. That is why I decided to go for it first. 

It has a spacious family dining area. They offer pasta, BBQ rib tips, Buffalo wings, salad bar, beer, and four varieties of pizzas. However, I wasn't too pleased with their pizza by the slice. It's very good, but not pizza by the slice material.
I love me some Rocky's, but this location has a number of strikes against it. First, it's got a strange location that isn't the easiest to get to. Second, the layout is odd. They were updating the exterior, though it's the interior that really needs help. Lastly, the pizza was ok, but didn't seem to live up to what I usually expect. Plus they gave me the wrong slice to start with.
cheese bread. it's like mana from heaven. and TOPPERS makes me wait ONE FUCKING HOUR to get it.

that is total bull shit. so i have been waiting for an hour and no cheese bread.

i am drunk and angry and am going to NOT want to tip...WTF???
Terrific pizza and the cheese bread is out of this world.  It's a shame they closed their West Town area location.
It was a Topperstix experience in high school that made me realize I wanted to go to college... (that's sort of true) They're disgusting, greasy, and always taste a little burnt-like-funny but for $9.99 and 3 different dipping sauces, I can't complain too much. (since my mouth is full of greasy tasty-ness)
Oh you gotta be fucking kidding me.  

If you live in a dorm, topper's is like your idea of heaven.  There's something about being that age that makes you want to order cheese covered bread that's so greasy that it soaks through the box and then dip it in ranch dressing.  

You know what that something is called?

It's called weed.
I really like the triple order of cheese sticks at Toppers.  Their pizza really sucks, but the cheese sticks are pretty awesome.  I'm not exactly the most adventurous eater all the time, but i decided to try the mac and cheese pizza.  

Obviously they were copying Ian's in that department, but I figured since I like the Ian's pizza, i would try Toppers.

Big mistake.

OMFG, the first bite was awful.  I knew there was something off right away.  I lifted up the noodle cheese crust thing, and I realized that the whole crust was covered in some sort of orange glue.  Seriously, the pizza was covered in some imitation cheese-wiz.  I say imitation because cheese-wiz is better that the orange shit that was on my pizza.  And I ordered a large!  I actually threw the rest of the pizza away, because I wouldn't feed that shit to a dog.
Open late hours, delivery, SOOOO cheesy! The cheesy Toppersticks are de-freaking-licious. So buttery. So greasy. Soooooo delightful. Costs a bit more, but it's a distinctive cheesybread. :)
You have to completely and utterly tanked to enjoy Toppers. Period. There is no other reason any reasonable person would ever want to put this shit into their body. This is the result of Ronald McDonald and the Noid conceiving a demon baby in a pit of flaming grease.  I have personally witnessed the reinforced cardboard pizza box fall apart under the pressure of that seeping acid they call oil. You will have burning diarrhea for days. There is good cheese everywhere in Wisconsin; the pudding-like goop they put on top of their pizza is not an excuse to do this to yourself.

Combine this with the fact that they have the most arrogant, inattentive customer service in the history of restaurants, and it makes for the shittiest dining experience possible. It takes no less than an hour to get a pizza from here, but it leans more towards 2-3 hours when it's late and the drunk idiots with no taste barrage the place with orders. I am pretty sure that eating at Toppers is forbidden in the Old Testament. For the sake of yourself, everyone in smelling distance of you, and the children with birth defects you may father/mother if you continue to eat here, just put down the phone.

Upped to 2 stars because I enjoyed it in a drunken, shameful moment of weakness. May or may not have cried afterwards.
fast, cheap, and good
Thought I would give Toppers a try.  Very friendly staff, informative and good pizza to boot.  Thanks guys for helping a first timer and I will be back!
So toppers is fantastic... Bacon Toppers Sticks and fantastic delicious pizza... End of story. Bad things? they take WAY too long sometimes to get an order ready however I will say they are generally always busy. Especially this particular location because they are so close to downtown, students are hitting this place up all day. Also at the end of the night on a friday and saturday night it becomes packed to the gills right around 2:30am. Mainly students who work there but they are always really nice and do their best to get you your order ASAP. This location is great but they could get an order done a tad faster.
My friends and I ordered 1 Large pizza and 1 Triple Order Original Toppers sticks through their website at 5:45p.  The estimated delivery time was 6:37p. Not too bad...However, the delivery guy didn't show up until 7:15p. To me, that is not good service. especially for only two pizzas. Delivery guy only said, "sorry about that" and when we called at 7:15p to make sure that the order went through, they guy just said, "It's on its way." I think it could have been handled much better!
You know you've seen them as you drive by construction sites...it's the snack shack, the roach coach,  it's Ralph's Snack Bar!! 

Ok, so I was a little skeptical when HR sent out an email that Ralph's would start doing daily runs to my building, but I they gave me 2 free Ralph Bucks to spend and I couldn't resist, being the cheapskate that I am. Honestly, we were all waiting to see who ran to the toilet first, but everyone was fine and had really good things to say about the food.

Can someone say yum! My food was awesome with the exception that it was a little salty for me. I got a rice pudding cup and the rolled taco special with rice and beans (it's only $3.50!) and it was really tasty! They also sell Mexican cokes (think the real sugar stuff - no corn syrup here) and all sorts of little snacky treats.

Hit up my parking lot at lunchtime (40th St. & Broadway) if you ever need a Ralph's fix.
My new office by Deer Valley Airport and the food truck drove by for 3 days before I went in for a try.

Pretty darn good.
Had 2 steak tacos (street style) that were very good.  One chicken taco that was tasty, just not really my style.  Will try the pork next.

They have several really great salsas.
Will be eating here a lot!
food very good
The food is pretty good. Prices are pretty good. I generally order the Carne Asada Tacos (I love the red salsa, I could drink it) They are $1.50 each, and 2 is the perfect amount for me.  My only complaint is the guy that takes the money. Sometimes he just seems downright angry, and rude. He REALLY doesn't like you to take more than one salsa, I mean jeeeez man...Relax! I'll pay extra! 
The lady that makes the food is super sweet, and really fast!
***I do have to mention that one time my friend did find a piece of metal in her taco, looked like a staple. That was gross... but apparently not gross enough for me to stop eating there. HA!
Ralph's truck runs by my office in north Scottsdale almost every afternoon. NOTHING can beat the the convenience factor, instead of spending 15 minutes fighting airpark traffic to buy a crappy burger, I just roll out to the back of my building and order some fresh tacos. 

The prices are pretty decent and the food quality is good (but look, it's still got a fast food element to it so we aren't talking gourmet but it's pretty decent!)

The cook and the driver are SUPER NICE and always have a great attitude when I see them. 

If you see them driving around, flag them down for some yummies! :)
One of Ralph's trucks now stops by my office location in Tempe.  They have quality freshly made food for low prices!  Anything from breakfast sandwiches/burritos to lunch and drinks.  I'm impressed with how fast they can make the food.  

They also accept credit cards for at $.50 fee.

They are definitely a big hit at our office!
This pizza is great for kids, and parties. I have never had the wings.
Really good neighborhood joint! We've been ordering here for about 4 years, and its pretty consistent and good. Prices are ok, not a bargain, but just fair. Pizza is above average, sandwiches are great (roast beef), Wifey love's their french fries, and the homemade italian dinners (like lasagna, eggplant parmesian, etc.), are really good as well. Deilvery time is slow on weekends and peak hours.
You can't beat the wings, absolutely love them.  The pizza is phenomenal as well.  In fact we're regular customers and the owner cares greatly about keeping your business.  The second location has excellent sandwiches.
Again, I'm not sure why Yelp encourages double pages for the location, the only difference being abbreviations within the street address.

When the restaurant opened almost ten years ago, it was great! Management was friendly towards people of all ages, prices were cheap, and pizza and wings were excellent. I remember Amore working out a deal with my cousin's middle school for pizza Fridays, and all the kids appreciated it.

I'm not sure when the change happened, within five years ago, or if there was another change after that. After the original owner changed hands for the restaurant, things took a turn for the worse. Employees eventually consisted of teenagers looking for extra cash instead of the workers who put their heart in soul in cooking, delivery, and service. The food quality also was much more sloppy, and prices steadily raised over the years.

Now it's just another greedy restaurant. If Amore were in its original hands, it'd still be one of the best places for pizza in Scottsdale. Now it just blows.
If you like Italian Heroes try the Godfather sandwich. The bread is soft & chewey, it forms a perfect cocoon for the tasty deli cuts on the inside. They do something with a little vinegar and a light brush of mayo that makes this sandwich my favorite in all of Phoenix. I haven't really tried anything else there, its impossible for me to ignore the Godfather.
I have gotten wings here twice. They deliver and in a lazy mode I had them bring wings and fries. The fries were hot and done just right and the wings were crispy, tasty and large...so far the best I've had in Scottsdale. The delivery guy was great too and got here in less time than they stated on the phone.
Amore has moved to the SW corner of Bell and McDowell Mountain Roads.  Same good food, new location.
I've had one thing on the menu, and while it was good that's not what makes me want to go back.  This place had some of the best, most helpful and friendly counter service I've seen in a long time.  She knew folks names.  She remembered things they'd eaten.  She offered recommendations for first time folks.  She had that way of making you feel like you were the smartest most special person she'd helped that day.  Miss your mom?  Come here for lunch.

Now the food was good to.  She said I'd made a great decision in picking their BBQ beans as my side and not until I tasted them did I think she was being more than polite.  These were awesome.  The beans still retained their good firmness, not all mushy and falling apart as some can be, and the sauce was really amazing.  I got the pulled pork sandwich which had been my plan, and she encouraged it as well as it's their most popular option.  The funky thing here is that they put a thin layer of cole slaw on the bottom bun, then add non-sauced meat on top, then pour sauce over the top and add the top of the bun.  VERY interesting.  I think next time I might try it without that - but it was certainly interesting.  Though they have a great selection, so I may just have to try one of their Chicago Hot dogs or Rome Rib Tips or Chicken.  SO many awesome looking options!  

But really - you should go just for the sweet lady at the counter.  And all the figurines of pigs on the counter.  And Chicago memorabilia all over the walls.  It's just a nice place with good food.  Gotta love that.
I've got this weird diet where I'm basically vegetarian for 1/2 the year and very carnivorous for the other 1/2.  No rules, or specific dates...that's just how it's worked out for the last few years.

Anyway, when I'm eating meat, I like it to be of the best quality.  Tom's really didn't do it for me.

We ordered a Pulled Pork Sandwich and a Rib Tips meal along with fries and mashed potatoes.  The potatoes were either shipped in frozen or were made from a dehydrated mix.  The Rib Tips were overcooked and dry (possibly old).  The fries and the pulled pork sandwich were the highlights -- and the only things I'd order off the menu, if I ever went back.

I've had far better BBQ experiences at Honey Bear's and Famous Dave's.

The service at Tom's was good enough for a fast food place.  It wasn't spectacularly good or bad.  I don't think I'll be going back any time soon, though -- not when there are other better BBQ places so nearby and Someburro's is in the same shopping center.
I was disappointed in the pulled pork sandwich.  There was very little flavor and not enough sauce on it.
Sides are weak. Very weak. Rib tips have no meat. Pulled pork can be good, but never great. Hot links, nasty. It seemed like they just do not even touch their links on the grill, it seemed just boiled. Nasty....
Mostly average bbq, but this place has the best chicago style dog since scouts closed.  Its noteworthy when I'll drive somewhere just for a hotdog, but tom's never lets me down.
Had a pulled pork sandwich, which I enjoyed, although I wouldnt say it was amazing enough to make me drive back from my Gilbert home for another visit. I didnt think they had put enough sauce on the sandwich, but that was an easy remedy because they have big bottles of their sauce on every table (right next to the rolls of paper towels). 

The service was great- the girl at the counter was very friendly and had a discussion with my boyfriend about half the menu which helped in his decision (dont worry, we went at a non-rush time, so we weren't holding up a line of customers).  :)
Generally when I'm craving BBQ I think of Toms right away- always been a fave of mine. I had the pulled pork sandwich, which comes topped with a bit of their house coleslaw; I'm not a fan of coleslaw whatsoever but makes a good touch to the sandwich. 

Like Amy said below they have big bottles of their sauce (mild and hot), at the table and tend to get a lil happy with the hot bbq sauce, I have problem lol. Also keep in mind the curly fries are meant to be shared they are a HUGE order but sooo good.
Pretty mediocre bbq, not bad, just not "great" the way barbecue should be! I would say it was on par with honey bears, but I really enjoy the bbq sauce they used on my pulled pork sandwich. It was pretty expensive, my friends fish and chips turned out to $8-9 with a drink, geez. I think there are plenty of better alternatives like AZ bbq co or joe's real bbq, or if you need something in the area you can't go wrong with somme burros right next door.
I asked the girl behind the register what there most popular BBQ is.  She told me that their Italian Beef was popular.  When I try a place for the first time I like to have their signature food, because if that is no good the rest will be even worse.

There was only one other group of people there but it was midday so that isn't always a sign of anything.  I got my sandwich fairly quickly which is to be expected for food that is already made.  That is when the experience went down hill.  Apparently they marinate their bread in Au Jus because it was overwhelmingly soggy.

I brought it back up and said it was very soggy, and she informed me they often put some juice on it.  That may be the case but a freshly made sandwich does not get soggy within a minute.  That leads me to believe it was already made before I got it.  I got a replacement one, hold the JUICE.  This time it was a normal sandwich and the new problem was that it had zero taste.  It was the driest most flavorless beef sandwich I've eaten before.  I think I also got some potato salad which was mediocre as well.

Overall, the worst BBQ place I've been too.  I'm not surprised because Chicago people can't do anything right.  They screwed up pizza and the hot dog.  Which makes me wonder, why are Chicago people obsessed with reinventing the wheel?  Good BBQ already exists, no need to Chicago-style it and make it bad.  Good pizza is from NY, no need to add a few pounds of soggy deep-dish dough to screw it up.  If you're hot dogs were so good, why do you hide it under so many condiments?  Rant over.  Note to self, avoid anything that Chicago stole from another region and tries to claim it.
Very Fast and Friendly service! The food pretty much melt in my mouth and was surprised because of how fast it was brought to us being BBQ. I will definitely go back to this place and look forward to it to be honest.
I really wanted to like this place, but I have to join the growing chorus of "meh."  The rib tips were a bit on the tough side; the brisket had little going in the way of flavor; and most disappointingly, the hot bbq sauce was not particularly spicy.  

It was not a bad place at all, just nothing special.  The service was very good, for what that's worth--very friendly and my food showed up in like fifteen seconds.
You have meat, and its drenched in sauce. How could you go wrong? Ask Tom's BBQ, they'll tell you!
So I had the beef tips and chicken. Both heavily smoked and drowned in the same sauce. Beef and chicken...two completely different animals, but both tasted identical.
The spicy sauce was bland and didn't have the slightest kick to it.
The beef tips were overcooked, tough and chewy.
The bone in the chicken was broken in two places and grossed me out. The fries were really good tho. Everything else ended up in the trash.
Being from Chicago and having grown up on good Italian Beef sandwiches, I'm always looking for a good beef place in Phoenix. A few people at work recommended Tom's.
I ordered the beef, wet, sweet. Since it was lunch time, I got the combo. 
Price - for the total order, $10.16, I would expect more than a 16 oz, drink. Also, the beef sandwich was very small, not like a good Chicago beef sandwich which is overflowing with beef. The people making it made sure there was no beef overflowing the bun. Plus, there was only 2 small slices of sweet peppers.
Quality - Maybe it was the lunchtime rush, but the beef seemed a bit undercooked. However, the juice was just right and the bread was good.
Will I give this place another try: maybe for the dogs. They advertise a Maxwell St Polish, but if it's anything like the beef, I'm not sure if that would draw me back.
They have so many tasty bbq options as well as the famous hot dog...the sauces are amazing! The pulled pork, house sandwich, and ribs are so tasty!
I've been here a couple of times and the only thing that pops into my head is MEH. The BBQ Sauce is meh and leaves a nasty lingering after taste. The Rib Tip platter is ok, nothing to get too excited about this place. Meh, I've experienced better.
Tried it once.Food was great. Look foward to going back for more.
They have ribs & chicken for $9
I've been going here on and off for the past 14 years, more or less whenever I happen to be in this part of Tempe.  I suppose its a good thing that I always think of this place whenever I'm in the area, but that may be more of a case of "better the devil you know."

From 96-2000, it was pretty much my reliable go-to place for BBQ.  Gotta love the diverse menu and creative combos, I believe that any BBQ fan can find their particular craving among the robust options.  Dollar-wise, I find Tom's to be quite kind.  

Meats range from average to above-average to near-exceptional, with the brisket being the most reliably above-average meat for me.  The regular beef burger and rib tips might also warrant a consistent above average or even 4-star rating as well.  Ribs, chicken, dogs and fish - I've tried them all at one time or another - are all ok, albeit underwhelming.  

Sides are ok, across the board.   

Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place given how far you would have to drive to find something reliably better.  I suppose once you try a few different menu items, it is perfectly plausible to order a 4-star meal every time once you learn what to avoid.  The value is definitely there, so I figure its a venue worth a few of your trips.
Tender meat and great sauce!  Homemade sides and desserts!  I always order the same thing - pulled pork, cole slaw, corn on the cob.  Tasty tasty goodness.  Plus, if Billie is working, you are guaranteed to laugh the entire visit.
I LOVE this place!

I don't consider myself a BBQ connoisseur, but I know what I like:

1. Heat
2. Little (not too much) sweet
3. Smoke

This place has a fantastic sauce that I think I would eat on everything from waffles to eggs! Ok, maybe I am stretching a little there, but not by much.

Now what to put under the sauce?  They have all the classics; pulled pork, brisket, chicken, chicken wings, etc. etc.  For me, it has been, since my first visit, all about the hot links.  My mouth is watering just thinking about them!

Great flavor, and that sauce doesn't cover it up, but really shows it off.  I am so blown away by these links that I will have to eat them a few more times before I can given anything resembling a useful review.

All of the sides are scratch-made, and the flavors show that off.  My favorites are the red beans and rice, and the potato salad.

Good prices, great portions, and wonderfully entertaining staff!
We eat at Toms pretty often.  The bbq is awesome, but so is everything else!  Don't sell yourself short just getting bbq.  Get the fish, get the Italian beef, try their burgers and don't miss Toms pride and joy!  Fair prices, excellent food and friendly service!
I have been eating at Tom's for as long as I have lived in the Valley.  Over 15 years.  

I am sad to report I am not going back there to eat.  They just do not seem to care about the customer anymore.  I had three horrible meals there, for Toms BBQ.  I emailed them about the problems and never heard back from them.

They have been a long time favorite of mine, but now, I have to find a new BBQ place to go to.
I decided to give the place a second try after my last horrible experience.  I have been a customer for 15 years, but now no more. I was forced to wait to place my order while the counter person told a personal story to some people who had already ordered.  I waited at least three minutes before she acknowledged me and asked if I wanted to order.  She really didn't look like someone who should be behind the counter. improperly dressed, did not know the counter, did not upsell me etc.  The food was fast, but really no flavor.  Pulled pork was dry and not that tasty.  The hot sauce was spicy, and the onion straws were over seasoned.  I have given up on Toms.  Am looking for new BBQ in Phoenix.  Honey Bears is not it either, but that is a different story.
Just returned from a delicious dinner at Tom's. Billy behind the counter was great- extremely personable and made the great food that much better. I had the brisket and you could cut it with a fork... yumm :) Fiance had the pulled pork in which he grudgingly shared a taste with me because he was enjoying it so much. Will def. be back- keep on doing what your doing. 

Person below me- 3 minute wait? at a dinner place? That's nothing!
The brisket with the spicy sauce is fantastic!
I am really surprised that this place doesn't have a higher average ratings!  I discovered this place after an exhausting day of moving into the neighborhood.  I was greeted by the nicest lady, I believe her name was Billie... she gave me the story of the restaurant, and told me what items were good on the menu.  I got a little sampler, and while I was waiting, she brought me a little slab of ribs so I could taste them (they weren't in the sampler I ordered).

Needless to say, the food was fantastic - and reminded me of being back in the Midwest.  I go there from time to time and always have a great experience - whether I'm eating in or taking out.
I've been going to Tom's for the past 5 years. I can't say that I've ever had anything bad. The owner is constantly trying to improve the menu which I love because it adds a new twist to things. This last time I went I had the Tom's Special sandwich with a side of Macaroni Salad and an order of Fried Zucchini. The Sandwich was juicy, tender and full of flavor as usual (the portion is really big so you may want to consider only eating half). The Macaroni was perfectly cool and creamy. The kicker was the Fried Zucchini; in the past times I've ordered this and it was smaller round slices; now they are fresh spears and taste so much better. The only thing I would change is the ranch sauce that I dipped the Zucchini in, I tend to lean more towards a thicker more sour cream based Ranch style. This place has the best customer service and the prices are spot on with the portion sizes. So for all my carnivores out there make sure you visit Tom's, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Wow! Damn good BBQ! So far the best I've eaten, but I honestly don't have much experience here. The prices are fair for the amount of meat and the gastronomical  experience you'll get after eating their pulled pork sandwich. 

We visited ths spot after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp, so it's a definite must eat in Phoenix and Tempe! Thanks for the great response from this place from other Yelpers because it's well worth it. 

The service was friendly and perfectly suited for this place. I don't remember the gals name but she had a great southern style charm that made you feel like family and made you laugh. 

The side sauces were amazing with your choice of regular and spicy. Both were flavorful and delicious so I recommend getting both and alternating. 

The brisket looked delicious too, so my next visit will be to try that.

Definitely a must eat in Phoenix!
The truth???  I've been here twice this week :)

Delicious! I'm in love with the pulled pork entree with their hot bbq sauce. It's just fantastic. A plus also is their coleslaw is made w/o mayo which made me very happy and is great with the pork. They have a huge menu with lots of options you are sure to find something you will like. The sides for me in general are just ok to be honest but when I come here I come for the meat anyway.

My boyfriend loves their ribs and also their fried zucchini are huge and cooked just right. 


Im a regular now and plan on keeping it that way for my pulled pork munchies
Lots of BBQ places offer sides with their meals.  At Tom's, you get great ones, with an extra one thrown in for free--a side of service.

I've had Texas BBQ and New Orleans BBQ before--some places are good and others are eh.  This is the first time I have ever had Chicago BBQ, and this is definitely one of those rare spots to compare all others to.  Every bite was tender and tasty, and their sauce had the perfect balance of flavors.

Billie, the lady behind the counter, was really friendly.  When there were no orders to be taken, she was out on the floor shootin' the bull with us and it made for a really pleasant evening of food and conversation for both my wife and I.

Recommended?  Oh hell yeah.  Eventually, my wife and I are going to have to get back to vegetarianism after our long absence, but  places like this make what we have to do a bit harder.  When we finally do decide get back to the realm of bunny food, I have a good mind to come back here one more time and go out with a bang.
My wife and I went to Tom's one time and one time only.  We tried their hot link and rib tip platter.  The first thing we were both horrified over was the thickness of the rib tip.  Credit card thin was the best descriptor.  Rib tips from the places I remembered back in Chicago were much thicker than this and had waaaaaaaaaaaay more meat.  

The hot links really looked and tasted more like spicy hot dogs instead of italian sausage.  The sauce definitely left a LOT to be desired.  The aftertaste had me grabbing my drink faster than a Porsche 911 Turbo on nitrous gets from 0-60.  

After the first bite, my wife and I tossed the stuff in the garbage and vowed NEVER to come back to this place because they have absolutely no idea how to do Chicago style BBQ properly.
Tom's is within walking distance of my apartment so I already love it for the location. A friend of mine brought me dinner from Tom's a few weeks ago and it was outstanding. I'm from the Midwest so I value my BBQ and know what's truly considered BBQ. Tom's did it right. I had a basic pulled pork sandwich and it breath-taking. Just soaked in tangy BBQ sauce and pork sliced so perfectly I wasn't upset when it fell outta the bun a bit. Topped with a hefty spponful of cole slaw the texture was just the right amount of creamy and crunchy that I licking my fingers after. 
We also got a boat of fried pickles. Cut into spears not round ridges, I thought they were delightful. A country girl myself, I grew up frying things and Tom's did pickles justice. Even without ranch to dip.
I was in the area and decided I would check this place out. Let me just say this, the time to go to this place is around 3PM because you will get treated like a king (or in my case, a queen! :)

I didn't really know what to order, so many choices, and Billie working behind the counter gave me several suggestions. I  go with the smoked turkey sandwich and red beans & rice for my side. She let me sample the beans before I got them (just to make sure they weren't too spicy). When I sat down, she asked if I would like a sample of the pork. Of course I do!! And damn I should have ordered the pork because it was delicious! The smoked turkey was good too just not like the pork. The BBQ sauce they put on too is sweet and yummy!! 

As I'm eating, Billie and another staff member come out and talk to me for about 20 minutes. Both are really cool, laid back people and enjoyed having some company (as I went in alone). The entire time I was there, nobody else came in so it was fun talking to the staff. Just want to point out they do get slammed for lunch and dinner but since 3PM on a Thursday is an odd time to eat, they weren't busy. 

Definitely loved this place and will be returning!!
I've been going here since I was little. Hands down, the best BBQ in AZ (in my opinion.) 

I've had just about everything on their menu and they've never disappointed me. The service is great as well. :)
Great food! Not necessarily good for you, but great taste. Bbq & fried fish & Italian beef & more - owner is obviously from Chicago, lots of Chicago memorabilia - so lots of great tastes from there. Friendly little place too. Same lady at the front counter every time I've been there who's quite a character
Their food is terrible!!!! Almost inedible --  definitely unchewable!
As bad as the food is, their service is worse!  Lousy customer service!
Bad attitude!  Rude people!  Made the experience even worse.
You will be much happier someplace else.
I've had much better food at Taco Bell!!!
I've been here twice.
First time - Italian Beef & Sausage Combo (by mistake), Maxwell St Polish

Italian Combo:
I'd never had the combo anywhere before because I don't really love Italian Sausage (blasphemy, I know).  But when I got it home and bit into it, I'm glad they gave me the combo instead of just the beef.  I could tell that the beef sandwich alone would have been awesome - great tasting juice, tender beef, and all the right toppings.  The addition of the sausage didn't really improve the sandwich for me, simply because Ricobenes and Italian Beefs are my favorite things on baggies.  But it did make me realize that I do indeed like Italian Sausage sammiches.  The combo gave me two different experiences and neither overpowered the other, but came together to form an undeniably delicious sandwich.  Therefore, I recommend either the beef or sausage sandwich, or more importantly...the combo.  

Polish:
This is the Maxwell St...so its not just a regular polish you'd get at a cart somewhere on Central.  The grilled onions, mustard and peppers were all present on top of the familiar taste of that kind of sausage.  Hmmm...can't remember if it was a regular bun...drat.  Anyway, the ONLY problem was the sausage - it was a bit overcooked.  If it hadn't been, it would have been my first taste of a proper Maxwell St since Hippo's in Troy, MI.  Don't get me wrong, the taste was definitely legit here...just an unfortunate mishap on the sausage.

Went back yesterday as I was trying to avoid I-10 traffic.

This time I got the 2 Meat Combo with potato salad and red beans & rice.  Ribs and brisket were my meats.

Ribs - I have become a dry rub guy (seems like this review is filled with phrases that could be exploited), and I think the presence of an insane amount of sauce lessened my opinion of these ribs.  I like to judge a rib without sauce, but that was impossible because of how much they put on them.  Regardless, they were tender enough without being "fake".  However, they didn't have enough smokiness for my liking.  It was dark in the room, so I couldn't tell if there was a significant smoke ring or not.  All in all, you could do much worse.  But I think I'll probably pass on the ribs whenever I go back.  The Chicago offerings are much more intriguing. 

Brisket - Can't complain whatsoever.  I haven't had a ton of brisket in my life, so maybe I don't know good brisket when I taste it.  But this was good to me.  A good smokey flavor, tender, and not crumbly or dry.  The sauce helped it a bit I think, as the two flavors work well together.  I would buy this again.  Probably the best I've had in my limited experience.

Da Sauce - Not bad at all.  In fact I prefer this over a lot of Famous Dave's sauces.  It has a tang to it, but not overpowering with it.  Its not a thick sauce.  It seems to not fit their ribs the best, though...its hard to explain.  Kind of a moppy sauce, but perhaps better on someone else's ribs.  Even still, I wouldn't mind having a bottle of it at home for my chicken or burgers.  Good stuff.

So yeah, this is a great place to come for some Chi-Town goodies.  They get the Italian Beef right, the taste of the Maxwell correct, and they also have some other good stuff I have to back and try.  I also gotta try their fried catfish - in fact, they have an all you can eat fish fry on Fridays.  

Pricing was normal for this kind of food - about $7 for the sandwiches, $4 for the Maxwell, $16 for the 2 meat combo w/sides.  Not bad.  Service the second time was nice - a very personable and chatty lady was behind the counter and we had some nice conversation...very kind to replace my red beans and rice after i dropped it by saying good bye haha.  I recommend the place and i'm sure I'll increase the rating as I go back more.
best. bbq. pork. sandwiches. in. phoenix. period
Great Italian beef... Just like Al's in Chicago. Service was excellent. A must try  if in the area.
It might just be me, but the use of canned mushrooms in cooking should be abolished. How does canned mushrooms get into a BBQ review, well all you have to do is order that Tom's Signature Sandwich. It was a monster sub with the smoked turkey, wine sauce, cheese, onions, peppers and those canned mushrooms. Only $7.95, it's a nice deal. The meat was very tasty with a definite smoke flavor. Probably didn't need all the extra stuff as it just masked the great taste of the meat, but that's not their fault. They have regular sandwiches for just $5.95 also. I really enjoyed the BBQ Baked beans as well. They had the darkest color of almost any beans ever served, but great BBQ flavor. Two kinds of sauces were available and finally someone had a hot sauce that doesn't include Habanero's. Both were quite good. They have been here since 1988 and there is alot more stuff to try including brisket and smoked chicken and some great lunch specials. Will be back.
I know that I've had Tom's BBQ before. I've seen them at events, but this was the first time I went inside to eat. We walked right in at lunchtime, but it wasn't too overly busy. There were people there enjoying the BBQ, but it was calm, relaxed and the food didn't take long. Most places are much more hectic during lunch. Billy was so friendly! We loved the BBQ and Chicago feel in Arizona. She also let us try some fried mac n cheese. YUM! I loved it and would have probably not known to order it as a side on my own. Thanks so much!!
good sauce and sides and a clean environment. the bbq was ok..i wasn't disappointed,  however i wasn't running to grab a pen and write home about it either.
Definitely worth a try for quick and delicious BBQ! I stopped by for lunch midweek and service was real quick. You order at the counter and can seat yourself and the food is delivered once ready. The best part of Tom's is the family feel to it. Ill definitely go back!
Best ribs in Tempe. Brisket is also great!
Fast-service BBQ places abound in just about every town and city, and they all deliver pretty much the same menu: BBQ brisket, pulled pork, chicken, sometimes ribs and burgers.  Tom's is the same.  Usually the ambiance is booths and plain tables-and-chairs.  Often you order at a counter and they bring you the food.  Tom's is the same.  Prices are usually a bit more than fast food but not as much as regular sit-down restaurants.  You guessed it - Tom's is the same.

But this Tom's has a problem.  Consider the brisket platter for about $10, which consists of brisket, a biscut, and a side.  What could be so bad?  Well, it was the brisket.  The portion consisted of about 3 ounces (maybe 4) of meat utterly covered in a sweet BBQ sauce -- not cooked with the sauce, just inundated with it.  Ok - scrape it off, you will suggest.  So I did.  What was underneath was small slices entirely from the fatty part of the brisket.  Half of my small portion of meat was fat, and not crispy tasty fat but soggy discouraging muck.  The pictures on the wall showed lots of lean slices from the first cut of the brisket -- misleading? or downright fraudulent?  Now I see why they put 6 ounces of BBQ sauce on 3 ounces of meat.

I notice that the rest of our group of six was eating their food, mostly, but without any outward signs of real pleasure.  That at least was comforting - misery loves company.
this is a good please to eat for lunch and the cat fish is  great big pieces, all so i have some  ribs from my  coworker they are good too.  ihave to  stop by there for something else soon.
Very conveniently located in Tempe, I had high expectations when I first visited Tom's BBQ. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich thinking it was a good standard item to try. The food was okay. The sauce was okay. The staff was friendly and the food came out quickly however my hunt for great BBQ in the valley will go on...
Well, the 2nd time was not the charm at this place. The smoked chicken sandwich was three thick slices of said smoked chicken. It was tossed between a hamburger bun and drenched in sauce that turned this into a knife and fork event. Too bad that the chicken was cold and so were the baked beans. I really did not want to come back and microwave fresh food, but that was the case at Tom's. The chicken was smoked, but it tasted like smoke, no other seasonings or anything going on here. The Baked Beans are still good, but this visit proved that Tom's need a bit of a lesson  in serving hot food and food that is a value. At 6 bucks, it seems like a good deal for sandwich, but it wasn't.
They have a pretty wide open menu for a BBQ joint, including home town staples like Italian beef and other chi-town styled sandwiches. 
I suggest the pulled pork and the fried zucchini.
Tom and I moved to Arizona around the same time, and 've come to know the man, and love the food.  This is a perfect down home BBQ meal, tucked away in the mill town center.  Check out their other locations for great BBQ
Had the BBQ nachos from the Toms booth at the fountain hills art fair. Looked great, but the meat, cheese sauce and all other toppings were cold.  Service was bad, waited in line for 20 minutes, get to the register and the lady just walks away, telling everyone she was going in break and we should just go get in the next line.  Luckily someone with common sense stepped in and took orders in that line. Then he gave me wrong change and took 3 tries for him to get it right. $100-$14=$86.  Not $46. Not $94. Overall disappointing food, even for an outdoor food stand and just head shaking service.
This place is awesome. Having just moved from Illinois it was nice to see some Chicago influences. Food is amazing and the owner is extremely friendly, almost like a spastic mother-like figure. Awesome BBQ and the pulled pork is on point!
Ordered beef brisket dinner with red beans and rice and macaroni salad.  First thing I noticed when I walked in was little smoke was in the restaurant, not sure if that's a good thing.  Ordering was quick and took my dinner back to the hotel.  Opened it up noticed how much sauce was on the brisket,  taste was okay.  I think they use oak for the smoke,  I could be wrong.  The brisket had very little smoke,  no smoke ring that I could see.  Overall, just okay BBQ.  I did like the hot BBQ sauce..
While visiting Arizona I was driving down Baseline Road in Tempe and noticed a place called Tom's BBQ Chicago Style. What caught my eye in particular was the signage stating that they carried Chicago Style Italian Beef. The next time I went down Baseline road I made sure to stop by and give it a try.

I walked in to find a small restaurant. After looking over the menu I noticed they did indeed serve Chicago style hot dogs, and being the hot dog critic I obviously had to try one. I also ordered an Italian Beef as they had a big sign in front and I figured it must be a specialty of theirs, after about a 10 minute wait my food was ready. 

We'll start with the Italian Beef. This Italian beef was bland, they had the soggy part right. The bread was right, it had the right texture and softness. The Italian Beef meat itself did not have the usual Italian Beef seasoning that I find in Chicagoland. I've had worse Italian Beef sandwiches, but for a place putting this at the top of their signage I would expect it to be better.

The hot dog was even worse. This was a giant sloppy mess of a hot dog. The poppy seed bun was the right type (not a given in Arizona), but there was about three hot dogs worth of mustard on this thing. There was way too much tomato and too thick, this caused tomato water to soak the bun causing the bun to become soggy. There was a thick and watery pickle slice that caused the bun to be even soggier. The relish was also applied too liberally, while it was the neon green style of relish typically found in Chicago the application was just a mess. There were two sport peppers about the length of the dog between the two of them. Then cucumber slices and practically no onion. The bun fell apart as I attempted to pick it up, this was just a total disaster of a hot dog and puts a bad name on Chicago style dogs.

Overall Tom's BBQ was a big disappointment. Despite signs indicating "Chicago Style" all over the outside, the two Chicago style food items I had here were lousy. Perhaps their BBQ is better but if and when I return to Arizona I'll take my chances elsewhere. Two stars for Tom's.
I ordered a couple of items from this place and nothing was really that good.  The speed of the order and customer service was excellent, but the food was average at best.
First off, if you are anywhere in the east valley go to WALDOS BBQ in MESA. Toms doesn't hold a candle to Waldos. Second time coming here and once again it was decent to sub par. The guy behind the counter was on personal calls the entire time, even making a few customers wait until he was done! Such a tool.. Tried the fish fry this time, not bad for all you can eat but, the hush puppies tasted like they had saw dust for filling. Last time, I had the brisket and it was a bit dry but, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.
The counter help was charismatic and makes you feel really welcome. Super sweet and genuine or is a darn good act, lol. The place was clean and well decorated but the food was ok but nothing special.
I'm originally from Illinois so when I heard about this place, I was super excited. The food was delicious for sure, the catfish was amazing. The hot link dinner was good, wish there was more bread that came with it. The most disappointing part about this experience was the peach cobbler, all it was is a cup of peaches in the juice with cinnamon or between sugar. I wasn't very happy. Overall, good experience. Dessert was disappointing.
I refuse to pay the highway robbery prices touristas pay for a half rack of ribs at Lucille's restaurant in the Tempe marketplace, so when I came upon this down-to-earth looking BBQ place I was very hopeful. But as we sometimes say in New York, Fuhgedabout it! I've had BBQ in Chicago and this place doesn't come close. 

I paid $20 for a 3-meat combo with 2 sides and a fountain drink. The one rib they placed on top was good, although not great. the five underneath it were thin and dry. The chicken and brisket were also dry as DUST! The baked beans were so tiny and drowning in a mug of thick molasses like sauce that I couldn't even taste them. Even my Diet Pepsi tasted over carbonated. The jalapeno mac & cheese was a fire-eating taste treat and that's the only thing I can half recommend about this place, other than the fast and friendly service. VERY poor food, unfortunately.
I am mixed about this one.  This is a chain that began in Utah right where I used to work.  I would go there for lunch all the time.  Their salads and sandwiches are WONDERFUL!  Everything is homemade and you could call in ahead of time and it was ready for you.

I was so excited when this one opened here.  My husband's MBA program had an event that they catered, and the food was not up to normal par.  They did a BBQ and the meat was dried out, buns seemed stale, the sides did not have much flavor.  If I did not have my previous experience with them in Utah, I would have written them off.  

So as a place for lunch- I think they are GREAT.  As a catering company I am not so sure yet.  I would need to go to another event to see.
Imagine this: You're stuck in a 2.5 hour training session - your attention supposedly riveted to the projector screen so you can learn about the new management system your department is implementing. Sounds, fascinating, right? Of course it does. 

If that wasn't fun enough, your lunch is catered and costs nothing. That alone will get most people to a meeting. On top of that, a menu circulated the week prior and you were able to personally select your lunch of choice. Right on. 

I chose the Club Sandwich. Yep, that's right. Turkey, ham, bacon, cheese AND cranberry sauce on the side (to happily smear on my bread later for a festive treat). For my side, frog eye salad. Having no idea what this was when I saw it on the menu, I immediately went to Google to find out. Sounded good to me, so I opted to try it. Turns out it's a sweet concoction with tapioca, mandarin oranges and marshmallows (usually). 

My lunch arrived in a little box with a clearly marked label on the top. Inside I found my sandwich neatly wrapped, the salad side sealed in a little container, standard plastic-ware with a single napkin, a pickle and tomato on the side, one cookie and a chocolate mint. (Not to mention packaged condiments like mayo and mustard.)

This is one of the best free sandwiched I've ever had, esp. with the cranberry sauce adding a great sweet balance to the meats and cheeses. Strangely enough, the size of this sandwich was reasonable, although it wasn't a standard sandwich size - not like the other sandwiches people ordered that were sliced in half. The Club is like a 3/4 of a sandwich, although the stuffings between the bread make it more than able to satiate a big appetite. Every bite of The Club was better than the last. The frog eye salad was tasty, too. The cookie was okay. At least it was soft and chewy. And chocolate (yes!). 

I really, really liked my lunch. I can tell that my work mates likes theirs, too, for everyone happily gobbled up their lunches super fast. I think I was the last to finish - if that tells ya anything. I guess I wanted to not only sink my teeth into a hearty sandwich but also take the time to savor it. 

5 Stars for Apple Spice Junction! It's the best sandwich catering service I've had. Seriously.
I am torn about apple spice... when I found them a couple years ago I loved them!  Healthy yummy lunches that were quick and not too pricey.  My company uses them a lot for catering... in fact I had them today because we are so busy they don't want us leaving the office for lunch.  Anyway enough about my lock down blues:(  
So I have been here too many times to count (dine in and company catering) and I always would get BLT deluxe executive box lunch.  The executive box lunch includes your sandwich, a side (i always get the frog eye salad YUM!), veggies with a side of ranch and a small little piece of cherry cheesecake.  It is a lot of food!  The problem started when I ordered my BLT deluxe and the bacon is floppy or not fully cooked.  This happened consistently and so I finally asked what is the deal with the bacon... they said they order it they do not make it on site.  So then I felt as though I could not order this anymore because the bacon is never fully cooked.  So I still get lunches from them when my company orders lunch but I always get the veggie sandwich which is good and I am happy with that.  
The things I really like about apple spice is that they do not put condiments on their sandwiches... they have everything in packets and let you put it on yourself.  I am a condiment hater so this is awesome!  Also when you order to go or for catering they wrap your sandwich in plastic wrap so it does not get moist from anything else in the to go container.
We order from Apple Spice here at the office at least once per week. It started out just one or two of us, and has grown into five or six, surely more to jump on board! 

They do these things called "box lunches" where you get a side (pasta/potato/frog eye salad or chips), a pickle, a treat (normally a cookie) and condiments including mustard, mayo, lettuce and tomato. The wide variety of sandwiches are either 6.95 or 7.95 and include all of the above. 

If you are an Amazon, or just eat like one (Me, that's right, guilty as charged) you can get the "executive box" for $2 more... and it includes all of the above PLUS a side of veggies (carrots, broccoli, celery, black olives, etc) with a side of ranch, a bag of chips and cheesecake.!!!! 

So, for $8.95 I am stuffed out of my mind and so happy because the egg salad that I get every time is always moist and flavorful, and I really love the sourdough bread it comes on! 

Some of the other girls from the office religiously order the Roast Beef Deluxe and Breast of Turkey, as well. 

f you order a minimum of three lunches before 10:30am, they will deliver for you :) We normally don't start thinking about lunch until then, so we always forget, but we call and place the order and its ready for pickup about fifteen minutes later. Easy! 

I would definitely use them for catering should the need arise! 

Way to go Apple Spice!!
This place has the absolute best egg salad sandwiches! It is super close to my work so I usually get it once or twice a week. The box lunch comes with your choice of sandwich, a side, a fresh cookie and a mint, so it is a great value. They bake the bread fresh and it is really amazing. Definitely stop in if you are in the area and in the mood for a tasty sandwich!
Man oh man... I can't decide whether I want to review this place or not under the auspices of "if you don't have anything nice to say..."

All I have to say is this: 

We ordered food. It came totally wrong. I asked for a vegan salad, not specifically, but that's how I ordered it, and it came with chicken and cheese. This just shows a complete inability to read the order. People make adjustments all the time. I have worked at a restaurant. I have fucked up. I should have been lashed 40 times! Read what people order! 

So when I got the wrong salad and saw what an unbelievable disappointment it was going to be, I ordered a veggie sandwich instead, which, to their credit, they delivered and took off the bill. 

The best customer service in the world could not overcome this sandwich. It was a monumental fucking embarrassment. I cannot believe they let that thing out the door. I ate it because I was starving but I would have liked to have driven it back there and go through it, ingredient by ingredient, with the preparer... Explain to me how this is appealing to the eyes, mouth, stomach, etc.

I just hated it. A lot. 

Sorry, I'm sure you're nice people with good intentions.
I hate writing this update because I used to really love Apple Spice, but the last three times we have ordered lunch there have been multiple mistakes. For a place that does catering, getting 10 lunches right doesn't really seem like too much to ask.

Today, two people ordered bread bowls. They received a very small container of soup with a slice of bread. That is not really a bread bowl.

Me and one of my vegan co-workers ordered the southwestern salad, sans cheese. It came with chicken, and on the menu it states you have to pay an additional $1 for chicken, so it would definitely be something someone needed to ask for.

One of the lunches came as a sandwich instead of a wrap, and Heather W. was missing her cookie and her juice with her meal.

Apple Spice was nice enough to replace the mistaken items (brought corrected salads, brought the actual bread bowls - although, not with new soup, brought the wrap) and bring us an extra plate of cookies, but like I said, this is the third time this type of mistake has happened. 

It's pretty expensive, the Southwestern is not even very good, and once the order comes back wrong it delays my eating for an hour + and it is just frustrating.

I'm sorry Apple Spice... you guys are great but you need to get it together.
I just placed an order yesterday via online (VERY EASY PROCESS) for a meeting we were having today for our office and they did a great job! Each lunch was in it's own little box with everyone's name on them and each had a side (everyone got to choose one of the following: Potato Salad, Fresh Sliced Fruit Cup, Pasta Salad, Frog Eyed Salad - sounds gross but VERY yummy) or a bag of Chips), then each box also included a pickle, cookie, condiments and utensils. The prices were great to so that was another plus in my book.

We ordered 12 boxed lunches to be delivered and not only did every order show up correctly but they delivered 5 minutes early! 

We will certainly be ordering from Apple Junction again!
Stopped by for lunch: most items on the lunch menu are under ten bucks. Frank Sinatra played continuously, a bit loud at first; but I walked in right at the opening of 11am so I guess the staff like Old Blue Eyes at high volume when noone's around.

Had the "Redevelopment Club" club sandwich. Now, normally I shy away from lunch meat, as I'm told it's bad for you, but I think there's room in my diet for this sandwich! Bread was great, basil mayo was great, and the ham/turkey/bacon was great.

And normally, I shy away from shoestring fries, but the fries were damn tasty.

The dinner menu looks pretty reasonably priced -- most dishes under $20, and they have a long wine selection.

EDIT: note the unusual hours: dinner is Thu/Fri/Sat only, lunch is Mon/Tue/Wed/Thu only.
I have attended two different events that Emery's had catered and enjoyed the food at both events, and it's located within walking distance from my house, so my husband and I decided to celebrate an anniversary there.  The bruschietta was excellent, the pasta was mediocre and the service atrocious!  We are usually easy to please, but sitting with empty drink glasses for about 30 minutes really irked me.  I was not impressed with their in house dining experience, but they seem to be decent caterers.
the servers are rude especially if you are dining alone. the food was mediocre at best.
I love EMERY's!!!!!!!!! Anytime we're in town we come to Emery's! We love it so much we actually has a small wedding reception at the restaurant! The food was wonderful and there was so much of it. Our guest still talk about how wonderful the food was! The staff are wonderful! We can't say enough about how wonderful Emery and his wife are! They were amazing! Back to the food.......all I can say is that when it comes to Italian food I'm super critical, but the food here was amazing and fresh!!
We decided on Italian cuisine this evening, but we also wanted to pay tribute to our local mom and pop eateries in the Downtown Henderson, Water Street district so Emery's it was.

Upon being seated we asked our not so fluent in English server for a wine list...No wine list along with no explanation until we inquired with another service professional walking by our table.  It was explained to us that since the wine list was outdated, they did not have a wine menu at all. Seems simple to just update something and have it printed but I suppose what is simple for some may not be simple for others?

We requested a bottle of house Cabernet but instead received two glasses to start instead.  The bottled of wine arrived shortly, unlike our food.

In good company and enjoying a bottle of "house" Cabernet, we were more than halfway through before we noticed everyone else being served before us.  Pasta, steaks, chicken, it didn't matter the entree ordered or the time in which people were sat AFTER us; our meals were never served.

54 minutes and one bottle of wine later we decided it was time to hit the road and find a dining establishment that would actually serve our meals.  We let our server know we were interested in paying our wine tab but not interested in our meals still currently on order. The waiter quickly went to the kitchen to relay the message to the cook (who turned out to be the Owner).  We were shortly approached in a confrontational manor by the proud owner of Emery's asking why we were leaving and not planning on waiting longer for our food. As I felt the tensions rising, I waived for my guest to head to the car, I stayed behind to defuse the situation..

Wow, the owner of a restaurant causing conflict with it's patron?! Interesting.. this situation merely reiterates my previous statements of service gone bad in this city.
I love checking out new places, and Yelp has helped me find some real gems. I have had Emery's on my radar for a bit... but the reviews on Yelp seems to be a bit all over the place, with almost every review being either 5 star or 1 star. So I refrained from visiting until this past weekend. My husband wanted to take me to a new place, and he loves Italian food, so we went to Emery's Saturday evening for dinner.

We started out with iced teas and an order of the bruchetta. I noticed there was a birthday party in the next room, and I hope that it would not impact the service we received. Thankfully it did not, our drinks were never empty and our appetizer came out quickly. 

For dinner, my husband had linguine with marinara sauce and I went with one of the specials for the evening, lobster ravioli. We both got dinner salads with our meals, and my husband added on a bowl of soup. 

Salads and the soup came out first, and again it was fairly quickly. The salads were basic, with a nice balsamic vinaigrette dressing. My husband was not thrilled with the pasta fagioli soup. He said it was clearly homemade, he just prefers a thicker soup. He would not pay the $5 to add on either the soup or salad again. 

We were both very pleased with our entrees. My lobster ravoli was stuffed with large chunks of lobster and the pasta was obviously freshly made that evening. My husband's linguine was also freshly made and the marinara sauce was deliciously seasoned. We finished our evening off with an order of tiramisu to go. 

I am so glad I did not let the bad reviews of Emery's keep me away any longer...  We didn't experience any of the issues mentioned in the bad reviews. Our server was friendly and food came out in a reasonable amount of time, considering we could both see and taste that the pasta was freshly made that night (which takes time). We will definitely be back.
Until last night, it had been about 2 years since we had eaten here. This was due to the poor service we had the last time - it was really that bad. That being said, I remembered how good the food was, especially the fettuccine alfredo. That being the case, the hubby and I decided to go back there last night. Wow. The problems that had been there before were nowhere to be seen. Service was quick, efficient, and friendly. The staff was professional. The food was still outstanding, and this time, we did get served within a reasonable amount of time. I had the alfredo, which I still think is the best in town. My husband had their eggplant lasagna special, which he also really liked. Great flavors - they don't skimp on garlic, which I love! This was a redemption visit for us and we were quite happy!
My wife and I came here for a nice quiet dinner.

We were seated promptly and ordered some drinks. I had the house Cabernet and it was just fine. While we waited we checked out the decor. It is a small place, very cozy. Everything seemed clean and maintained, unlike a lot of other establishments in the area. The service was prompt and helpful.

For dinner, I had a Lamp Chop special and my wife had a Chicken Parmesan. The chops were cooked to my specification, and they were nicely seasoned. I'd order them again. My wife's Chicken Parm was an enormous portion, and it tasted a little plain, but I put that down to the fact that we ordered it without cheese. I'd not hold that against the place. The red sauce on it was tasty and plentiful.

For dessert we ordered a Cannoli and it was fantastic! 

Overall, this is a nice place and has some great food at reasonable prices. I'd recommend it for a romantic dinner, a family dinner, or for some quality Italian take-out.
I came with a Restaurant.com $25 gift certificate in my hands and I had read the not-so-stellar reviews here on Yelp, but when my husband and I entered this quaint establishment on a Saturday evening around 6:30 PM I was pleasantly surprised. It's a small dining area with bright colors and Italian-esque decorations covering the walls. There's a bunch of wine lining the back walls and only about 10 white-clothed tables. I have to admit I was comparing it to my favorite Italian place in town, which is in Downtown Las Vegas called Chicago Joe's. There's similarities and differences.

To start off with I ordered a glass of raspberry iced tea, my husband, sweet tea. The tea was deliciously sweet. Next we were served some nice, warm bread, about half a loaf with some delicious garlic butter. The butter was perfectly spreadable. The bread, although a bit tough on the outside, was still good. We were offered a second helping, but we declined. 

I ordered the Linquine Clams with a red sauce. When I inquired as to whether or not the red sauce had a little spice, I was told it did not have any spice, but the waitress asked me if I would like the cook to make it spicy and I said yes! So that was very nice of my waitress to cater to my desires. My husband ordered the Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo and we both opted for House Salads with Ranch dressing. 

The salads came out with very green leaves, shredded carrots, a few tomatoes, and a couple slices of sweet onions. In comparing this salad to the one at Chicago Joe's - this salad wins. Definitely a better variety of green lettuce leaves and a bit fresher in my opinion. 

Next our entrees arrived. They plate their pastas in bowl-like boat plates. They were hot and fresh, my red sauce had just the enough amount of kick to my liking. What I enjoyed a bit more about this Linquine Clam over Chicago Joe's is that there were actual clam shells with meat along with clam meat actually dispersed throughout the pasta. I think the addition of clam shells gives the dish a nice, rich oceanic flavor. It is nice to dig out the clams and get that bit of sea taste.

My husband noted that his pasta was very good, but I did not try any because I was slurping up my own. We ended up taking home leftovers and declined desert because we had a fresh pie waiting for us at home to eat.

Overall the food is A+. There's no doubt about the authenticity of whoever is cooking here. The atmosphere is nice, the music was not too loud, and it is a family/casual dining experience. Service was great from our main waitress. The woman who brought us out our drinks and bread was a bit cold, but nothing so much to ruin our experience.

I would certainly go back, especially if I happen to be in the Henderson area and I am craving Italian. The plus side here is that you are supporting a local mom and pop business as well. I would and will continue to gladly fork over my money to places like this over Olive Garden and Macaroni Grill.
It is a cute establishment but quality to price does not match up. The waitress did not like that I had brought my children and she was very hesitant to wait on us. The bread was extremely hot when brought to the table but got cold quick and became very hard to chew. The kids had an "adult" portion of spaghetti and meatballs which only can with two very medium to small meatballs. I had the shrimp savoy in which the flavors were not their. The mushrooms sauted in wine were bitter, there was too much butter, the shrimp were flavor less (but on the plus side large), and it lacked salt. Needless to say I will probably not return which is sad because "old" Henderson needs good eating establishments.
We went before and the food was great, service was great, server was great. But this time, we service much slower than before, but was due partly to a catering job they had going on in a side room. You could tell that it was all family and friends as the wait staff invited some of them to the kitchen, then several times the chef came out and visited, this may be why our two entrees took 45 minutes to get when there was only one table of two waiting for food when we got there. Just to get our two side salads took 25 minutes from when we got there and we were the only ones waiting to order. The dressing on mine was wrong, again I'm sure that it was because of the family/friends catered party got all their attention.
I am giving it 3 stars instead of lower as I know from being there before how good it can be. I'd recommend that if you see a catered thing going, to turn around and walk out though as then if like for us, the service will be terrible and the meal bland. It was ok, but bland, not even salt and pepper I don't think.
Just not a good experience this last time when paying $25 a plate plus tax and tip. But like I said, the first time there was much better. Here's to hoping that they pay more attention next time to their regular customers while having a catered party.
I treated my friend here for her birthday dinner. She chose the place as it is close to both of us and we both had not tried it out before and thoroughly enjoy trying out new places. It is very cute and tiny. There seems to be a little shop located next to it and it also has limited dining hours. The people dining there that night consisted of small families and there was one man eating alone. Our waitress wasn't overly friendly or pleasant, but she did the job just fine. We loved the quaint environment and how it felt like home dining there. The food was very good. Lots of Italian dishes made with great authenticity. I had a pasta dish and she had the eggplant which tasted good and we both had a couple glasses of wine. This restaurant is a great local spot to try out if you aren't into overrated restaurants or chain-like restaurants - definitely a noteworthy mom and pops local business - which I always appreciate.
This place is wonderful!  We first went here on a Restaurant.com coupon.  We have been back at least 3 more times after that.  We always order the Seabass with Sherry Cream Sauce.  It's not on the menu but I always ask the chef for it when they have the Seabass.  The very first time we went there, they had the Seabass with Sherry Cream Sauce as a special menu item for that day.  We ordered it and fell in love with it!  The fish just melts in your mouth and the sauce is fabulous.  If you love Seabass, you must try it here.  We found out that the owners were chefs at one of the big casinos on the strip, and they decided to open their own restaurant.  We also ordered Calamari appetizer and their soup .  I can't judge on the other dishes but they looked really yummy on the other tables.  For sure, if you order the Seabass you won't be disappointed.  Like I said, we've been back there a few more times just for the Seabass, each time the dish was consistent, very fresh, and we loved it.
We have been coming to this place for the last two years and loved it, but not this last time.  Fish over cooked, pasta over cooked, apple tart under cooked.  Way to much dressing on salad.  Vegetables and baked potato cold as ice.  We won't be back.  To bad because it was one of our spots.  Good luck.
This is the first time I enter this establishment for dinner.  I have heard it was good and that it was.  We were out for an early dinner and glad we decided on Emery's.  First of all I really enjoyed the small quaint atmosphere, quite with a home town Italian dcor.  Italian works on the walls and many bottles of wine out for show. If they would have been playing Italian music I would have been back in Italy.  The staff was prompt and friendly.  We ordered our drinks and decided what we were going to eat.  After the order was taken we were brought a half a loaf of warm bread which had a great flavor with garlic butter on the side.  We started with an appetizer, the special they had, crab and shrimp.  We were brought cold crab claws and large shrimp, big enough you had to eat each shrimp in at least 2 bites.  For our entree's, my wife had the Chicken Alfredo and I had the Linguini and clams in a white wine sauce.  My wife enjoyed her dish enough to eat her left over later that night.  I really enjoyed mine, the Linguini was done perfectly, almost al dente, which is how all the meals were as we experienced in Italy last year.  There were plenty of minced clam to accompany clams in the shell.  I ordered mine with extra garlic which was done with no problem.  It was just as I hoped it would be.  Hot buttery-garlic with an occasionally a crunch of sand, (that is how I know they use fresh clams).  I wish I had more room left to try one of their desserts.  Maybe next time.  This is a place I will visit again when I want fresh Italian food.
The food is amazing!  The ambiance is intimate.  Would not take kids.  Its nice to go to a local fine dining restaurant away from the strip.  The waiters could use some common sense, but the food is amazing.  The owner comes and checks up and makes sure everything is going well.
I love this place. It is quiet, comfortable and cozy. If you would like a place to have a glass of wine and enjoy the best bruschetta in town. This is it. Support this small business today!
Best little gem of a restaurant in Henderson!!Quaint and hidden in down town henderson off water street..The food was absolutely amazing and fresh! Met the owner and chatted with her a bit..really loved the one on one family feel of this place! Highly recommend!!!
I agree with the last reviewer. It's a little gem. The menu is very reasonably priced. Entrees include soup or salad and bread. I had a chicken dish that was tender and covered with a creamy mushroom sauce. It was great. The house salad was full of nice greens. The bruschetta was a little underdone, though. I could have been warmer and crispy. They did a nice job decorating. It was a small dining room, but not cramped. I will go back for sure.
What a great discovery for local Henderson as they are located at the south end of Water Street! Great ambiance, good service and food of ample portions to share.
Went to dinner for date night after some friends said this was one of there favorite places to eat over the last decade. We also like to patronize local family owned places AKA small businesses.  Went in around 4:30 on a Wednesday, only 1 table in the dining room.  We were seated immediately and brought a basket of bread with butter and menus.  The server was friendly and got our drink order quickly.  I had a couple questions about menu which she answered but explained that the chef was insulted by substitutions.. WHAT!!  That's a first... We ordered the Buffalo Mozzarella Cheese for an appetizer and it was fresh and delicious, I ordered the house Merlot which was over priced at $7 a glass (Domino Brand) when the bottle only cost $5.75, I don't think a restaurant should charge more for a glass than the entire bottle costs them.  However,my husband ordered a beer and they were only a dollar!!  That's one heck of a deal.  My personal opinion would be to lower the house wine to a more reasonable price for us wine drinkers especially since the wine list is limited to begin with and bump up the beer prices a dollar or so.  Other than the $7 wine and the chef being insulted by substitutions this place is good so far.  The server was patient with us and didn't rush us to order but was attentive, this is great.  My husband ordered the Lasagna and I talked her into asking to chef to add mushrooms to my chicken fettucini and to make it spicy (at the risk of being kicked out haha)! She warned me that there may be a $3 extra charge for that which I really appreciate, I get so annoyed when servers don't tell you about those things. Both of our dishes came out HOT and just perfect in my opinion.  My husband said his lasagna was good but too watery but I had a couple bites and I enjoyed it.. We relaxed and finished up, were offered desserts but we were too full.  Bill came and it was a around $55 which for 2 rounds of drinks, and appetizer and 2 entrees I think that's a great deal and no extra charge for the mushrooms :).  I visited with the server a bit and found out the chef was the owner, Emery.  I think a nice touch would have been for him to come out and visit with the customers but he did sound busy, I heard a lot of chopping going on back in the kitchen.  The place was cute inside and clean, there was a side room that was really nice where you can host a private party or maybe even a wine tasting.  We go out to eat every single Wednesday and many times we want Italian food.  We will def be back to Emery's when we crave Italian Food.  I think it's awesome that the owner and his wife were cooking and shows hard work and dedication.  Everyone should give this place a try...
Probably the best thing about Serrano's is the free chips, salsa, and bean dip. I could make my whole meal out of just these, but the restaurant probably wouldn't like it much. So, I go ahead and order a burrito, shredded beef taco, or chimi just to be safe.

Serrano's isn't the best Mexican food, I'll admit it. Most menu items are pretty standard Americanized-Mexican fare, actually. But I love a place with some history behind it, and Serrano's has loads. 

Started by Ernie and Eva Serrano, it is the longest continually-operating establishment in Chandler. Today, 6 of the couple's 8 children work in the family business. The original downtown Chandler location burned down a few years ago, but they rebuilt right on the same spot. I also love that they are very involved in the community. 

So give Serrano's a try, and see if you don't agree the free bean dip alone makes it worth a trip.
Really good American Style Mexican food at a reasonable price.

Went on Sunday for dinner. Had the #39 (Green Chile Beef Chimichanga with Rice and Beans), it was tremendous! Even my finicky son enjoyed his Bean & Cheese Burro. We all enjoyed the complimentary, fresh tasting chips & salsa / bean dip.

Decent selection of draught & bottled beers too.

Drinks were refilled fast and often, service was really friendly.
My dad, my brother, and I enjoyed a late lunch here last weekend while visiting with my dad in AZ.  I was very impressed in all areas.

The restaurant has a nice look and feel to it.  The waitress was friendly and polite.  The salsa they give you with the chips was outstanding.  The prices were very reasonable.  All the food I ate was delicious.  The bathrooms were nice and clean.

What more could I ask for?  Oh, I know.. I need to see if they have Serrano's in Northern California.

Loved it!
The only reason this place isn't getting one star is because the last time I went the chips and bean dip really satisfied the fact that I hadn't eaten all day.  Too bad the enchiladas sucked (thick, soggy tortillas???? and beef with too much black pepper???????), the rice sucked, and even the cheese on top of my refried beans sucked.
Okay, first off, I'm a vegetarian so the only thing I ever order at Mexican restaurant is a bean and cheese burrito with a side of rice.  And this was the most average version since my Taco Bell day's circa 1999.  Margarita's were average too, and our group was disappointed to hear that they don't do pitchers of margarita's anymore.  On a good note, the chips and salsa is great and you get a bean and cheese dip to go with it too.
Serrano's is to Mexican food as Friday's is to American food.

That is to say Beans and Rice are to French Fries as Corona is to Budweiser.

What I mean is Chimichanga is to Cheeseburger as Salsa and Chips is to Bread and Butter.

So you have Quesadilla to Pizza as Margarita to Cosmopolitan.

In summary, Two stars is to restaurant ratings as Die Hard is to movies.  

It'll get the job done but it won't be memorable or soon repeated.
People who rate this place over 2 stars are either "on the books" or suffered from a frontal lobotomy. 

Here are 6.5 reasons not to go here:

1) El Zocalo had a 2.5hr wait last night, so we walked across the street to Serranos and was immediately seated

2) Ordered Don Julio Margaritas, received 4 small wine glasses with Sweet & Sour (waitress acknowledged they were made with too little alcohol)

3) Terrible Ambiance (drop tile-ceiling, commercial pressboard restaurant tables)

4) Waitress couldn't remember what anyone ordered numerous times (forgot sour cream, forgot corn tortillas)

5) Rather than coming by to fill up the water, they leave pitchers on the table

6) the food was doused in salt; heck, even this morning I had to move my watch band out a notch

6.5) There's an adult video store next door...
This is the best Mexican food you can get in Chandler considering the they are THE Mexican place to eat in chandler. I've eaten almost everything on the menu and a few times it didn't agree with my taste buds but I'm like that, I'll try anything once even if I don't know what I'll like about it. Your only here once so make sure you try everything. 

I've been eating at Serrano's since I made my way to Phoenix way back in 98 both Mesa and Chandler

Chris B, there is a del taco on germann and gilbert that would be better suited to your level of taste but they don't serve beer. 

As for the adult video store next door, you could really do yourself a favor and spend some money in there. If, for no other reason than to rub one out and relax, you, really sound like you need to. 

Its a great place to eat. Friend or foe I tell the truth.
Went here cause I've heard from a few people it was good. Being a huge fan of Mexican food, I had to check it out. Pretty nice happy hour special, half off appetizers. Very nice staff. Food was just ok. Queso dip was the consistency of water. Valle luna is still the best i've had. Manager was very helpful and eager to please, but the food was just ok.
My parents brought me here when I was visiting them in Mesa.  It was great!  It's not a hole in the wall burrito shop (which would be my preference), but it was really tasty, and the service was fantastic!  I loved this place, and would definitely go back when I'm in the area.  The enchiladas were phenomenal!
Two words: BEAN DIP. That's the main reason to visit Serranos, but the rest of their food is great, too. You can't even compare Serranos to the rest of the big chain Mexican restaurants in town that serve generic food straight from cans. Blech. 

I applaud the recent re-addition of the "Pollo Rojo" chicken dish, but unfortunately it is on the limited time only special menu. I really hope someone at Serranos reads this and brings it back permanently.
For the second year in a row, we had a sales meeting in Chandler. Serrano's is within walking distance of the hotel, so we walked over, after bypassing another Mexican place...

Serrano's is a friendly place. The Mexican joint next to the SanTan would not seat us together (7 people in the group!), and the wait was 45 minutes. So we left that place and went to Serrano's. As usual, my advice was excellent... We were seated immediately!

(Okay, okay, I got lucky!)

Anyway, the food was as good as I had remembered it from the year before, and the bean dip was exceptionally good. I had a wonderful Pollo Ranchero dish that filled me to bursting. I don't think anyone was disappointed. Margaritas were tasty, and service was attentive but not pressured. 

This is a family place, and it's good for groups. They have several rooms where they can accommodate larger parties. I'd go there if I were in Chandler again.
pretty good food especially the green chili(usually) but I can't eat in a dirty place and the floor had food everywhere the last few times we were there. I thought it was just real busy but when it happened over and over even after calling to complain we had to take this place off of our list and we haven't been back in nearly 2 years. The one in Awatukee was the worst for filth. It made me wonder what their kitchens looked like and how many critters were crawling around on the food
I grew up with awesome traditional Mexico food and this doesn't come close.  Everything seemed like it is out of a can.  Me and my wife left most of the food on our plates and went to Sonic after we left.
I really enjoyed this spot, located in historical Chandler by the famous Crowne Plaza Resort Hotel San Marcos. Eat in the bar if you can - a super cozy room with great ambiance.
I enjoyed my trip to Serrano's- while in Phoenix with family for Christmas, we stopped in our last day before leaving for the airport. Lots of chips and salsa, water and iced tea delivered to our table in pitchers, and by the amount of people here at lunch time I could determine that they do a mean lunch hour. Fairly standard for what you get at most Mexican restaurants, but came out quickly and hot. The house margaritas are large and cheap. If I come back to Phoenix, I know I know I'll stop by again.
The price was nice, but I guess you get what you pay for. The food was ok, but it's probably not a place I'll venture to again.
Well....

It's a 2 star rated restaurant to me.  It's ok, I won't probably go back again as there are plenty of superior options that have better tasting food.  Even Filibertos has a better tasting carne asada burrito than this place.  I was disappointed, to say the least.  

The wait staff was friendly and we were brought pitchers of water and bowls of chips with salsa and bean dip as appetizers.  Quite a few people who have previously reviewed this restaurant have raved about how great the bean dip is but for me, to be perfectly honest, it wasn't really that special.  Garcias will give you bean dip too...and I think it tastes better.  Their salsa is supposedly award winning?  What does award winning salsa taste like?  Not like this watered down blandly flavor that was put in front of me I hope.  

The carne asada burrito I ordered was dry and very peppery.  I definitley wouldn't recommend it.  I was dining with five other people and some of them did enjoy their food but I don't remember anyone going GA GA over it or anything. 

Pricewise the place seemed a little high for what I got as well.  I would probably go to Garcia's or even Elmer's tacos before I'd go here again.  

I don't like to give low scores.  I hate it...but I just wanted to warn anyone who might be thinking about giving this place a try.  

Have a great day!
We have eaten here 5 times over the last 30 years -- the first 25 of these, I was living in Los Angeles and would come in with relatives who lived in Chandler. The last 5 years, we've seen a steady improvement in the decor and atmosphere, but the same exceptionally prepared dishes that I enjoyed on the first visit. We love the bean dip, salsa, and endless chips that precede the main course. We've tried the fajitas, and various combinations of enchiladas, tamales, chili rejano that were just delicious -- spicy enough, without overpowering the slow-cooked, meaty aromatic qualities of this food prepared the way it was originally intended. Never a bad experience with the food. One visit was a little noisy from one child sitting in the booth next to ours who sounded like a whole group of kids yelling at once. Besides that, we've always had a great time, truly attributed to the great service and friendly servers.
Solid 4. The food is always good no matter what I've had there over the years. Bean dip & salsa are awesome and always complimentary. 

Best thing about Serrano's is for lunch - they're very fast. Sadly unlike most of downtown chandler, Serrano's is fast and very nicely priced for lunch items. Staff is on top of things, drinks never empty and chips/dip never out. It makes for a great quick group lunch during the work week. Other places seem to take 1.5hrs in/out time.

No five simple because the scene is old, quiet and well... old. It's not bad, it's clean but just been there forever kind of old. There's no hipness to it, would never go there to drink at the bar, 

I've been going to this location and others for years now and will continue to do so. Enjoy!
Absolutely Awesome! I held the Chandler Local lunch here this past Monday, 4.18.11, and they did a great job. Food was Delicious and ready for us. I highly recommend the banquet room in the back. It easily will hold 75-100 people. Staff was friendly and courteous.
Love the bean dip, and the Serrano spice. It's good and old style.
********UPDATE:  We can say, wthout a doubt, this is the BEST Mexican Food Restaurant we've eaten at -- even after trying the competition:  Via Luna, On the Border, Chilis, etc.  My wife and I returned for our 11th wedding anniversary, and we ordered the frajitas for 2 chicken & steak combo (I think is the best on the menu).  It came out flaming hot with frijoles, rice, and tortillas.  Delicious.  Service was superb, with plenty of refills on the bean dip, salsa, and chips.  Even the bathrooms sparkled -- at 9:00 P.M.!!  It was an exceptionally great way to celebrate our 11th!!  We took home enough for another meal for both of us -- pretty good for just over $20.00!
Dinner was fine but this is American Mexican food and nothing more. To expensive for the food you get. This is like going to Applebee's for a steak. it will do but that's it.
Solid is right.  Some of the best casual MX food I have ever had.  My grandma lived not far from this place on Boston St and I have fond memories of eating many, many meals here every time we visited.  I reccommend to anyone who lives in the neighborhood and has yet to try or if your just visiting.
Downtown Chandler is my favorite location. They have great red sauce.
BEST chips, salsa and bean dip EVER.  And it's unlimited when you eat in the restaurant.  I've been going to this place once a week for over ten years and it is delicious and very affordable!!!!
Just simply ok. I could name a few better Mexican restaurants but here its never busy and the food is fairly cheep.
Ive been eating here more and more often lately, and I like the food.  If I want Mexican food, and I am in the downtown chandler area, this is where I stop in.

The food quality is consistent.  Being a creature of habit, I get the same thing every time I come here.

They are also serving cupcakes.  Looks like the change the flavor every once in a while too.  I have had a margarita flavored one, and a dark chocolate and chili one.  Tasty.
Serrano's is a classic old school Phoenix style Mexican restaurant.  The restaurant is located in downtown Chandler and has preserved the intimate feel of a family restaurant from yesteryear.  

The salsa and chips are simply excellent.  The chips come out hot and fresh and the salsa is chunky and tasty.  The food is basic no frill, but great tasting no the less.

The fajitas are a sound choice when order as are the refried beans and rice.

The service is also great.  

Highly recommended for a classically great tasting and comfortable outing for Mexican food locally.
Great food and good service! Lunch service is much quicker than dinner though.
I took my family of 5 (three kids) to Serranos in down town Chandler on a Monday night. The food was very good, the service was outstanding. The kids meals were large enough to fill up my 10 year old son who can eat an obscene amount of food. Also they make a Guacamole Ranch that is AWSOME. With your chips and salsa you can get bean dip and three kinds of salsa before your meal. The prices were very good. Most dishes were under $11.  I will be coming back on the regular.
The first time I went to Serrano's I had a great visit and meal. This time I did not. I ordered the Pollo Ranchero and thought it would be a yummy saucy dish with some spice. What I received was a piece of chicken breast that was baked then chopped and tossed with a little sauce that had no color. It was not a good meal. I could deal with that as it was my choice, but the server came to our table maybe two times. We had to ask the Bus boy for a to go box, our check.. and he even had to ring it up for us. I will try one more time and I hope its not like this again. I will let you know how it goes my fellow Yelpers.
Pretty decent, nothing fantastic, no frills. Their salsa is great!
Chips are so fantastic!  I had the taco salad;( . Shell was bla-& soggy- dressing ( thumbs way down)husband liked his chimi- Order the appetizer dip( better than the award winning table dips) We will return if only to try something else!
I've only been here twice now, but both times were AMAZING!

Great food, great service... will be back very soon.

FYI, you'll be tempted to fill-up on the out-of-this world salsa and dip which arrive to your table moments after you do. If at all possible, resist the urge. As good as these treats are, your entres will be even better.  Recommended are anything with the green chiles when in season, and if not, trust the Serrano family and their specials. We have been more than impressed thus far and will update this review as we go back again and again and again!
This restaurant has a very nice set of servers. They all are personal and very kind.
Chips come w/ salsa and beans. Dont be deceived - the beans are spicier than the salsa. Mix them on your plate = delish. Good, local start Mexican joint.
I like to come here with friends to catch up. The staff is always friendly, and will accommodate if we have a group of 10 or more. The last time I was here I got a chimichanga and ordered a nice golden margarita. Tasty. The bean dip and salsa always taste fresh too. I haven't been to any other Serrano's locations, but this one is my usual stomping ground for dinner, snacks, and conversation with friends.
Probably the best salsa I've ever had has been right here. Consistent, hearty and very flavorful. 

Love the mariachi when he's there...and Tammy is the best server EVER. The food here is authentic and robustly flavored. Most dishes, I've noticed, are notably spicier than other Mexican places I've been to. The spinach enchiladas with fundido sauce are incredible....the Margaritas, super yummy and never watered down.

This place is a MUST when we're in town. Love it, love it, love it.
I have been here multiple times and never disappointed! The food is great and service is always fast and friendly!! The prices are extremely reasonable for huge portions! I can almost always get two meals out of my dinner!
Still looking for that elusive Mexican food joint, so I stopped by here and gave it a try. The salsa was very good, nice flavor with just a right amount of heat...in other words you could taste the salsa.  I ordered a chicken burro which was good, not great.  the chicken didnt seem to be grilled but must have been, no flavor just blah. Prices OK, service very good, tea and water pitcher on table which is great for those refills. Will give it another try.
I've been going to Serranos since a was a kid.  It's my favorite Mexican restaurant in Az.  Food is always great, drinks are good, prices are fair and the staff is usually friendly.  The only downside is they're closed now on Sundays and there's not one by downtown Tempe (where I am).
I had an awesome first visit here. I forget my waiters name but he was very kind and professional. The place was very calm and I enjoyed every bite of my food, especially the dessert!
The location of this place is great.  Downtown Chandler is one of my favorites in the phoenix metro area and this is probably one of the most frequented mexican food places in the area.  

The mexican food here is good, dont get me wrong.  Yet, its not a home run (very few places ive been to in Phoenix are).  The chips came with salsa and bean dip which were good and pretty filling.  

The chicken I ordered was well cooked and adequately flavored.  However, upon ordering a side of guacamole, I was underwhelmed by the size of the serving they gave.  

Serranos is definitely a good joint.  Lookin for quality food with a great location, this is a good place to start.
I have only been coming to Serrano's for 30 or so years... Salsa and chips with the warm bean dip is always great - I always get a taco, enchilada, rice, and beans. Ric and family have provided great food for chandler for a long time - the other locations are also very consistent excellent quality Mexican food.
I really enjoy this place! Their food is good quality and the prices are pretty reasonable. If you want some good Mexican food and do not need a super fancy restaurant, give Serrano's a try!
Good food. I like the bean dip and salsa mixed with chips. Have gone to the Mesa location with co-workers twice now for lunch. Always fast service and good food. Too bad they aren't open on Sunday.
So many memories at this place. I have been coming here since I was a little kid. The staff has always been friendly. Serrano's has always had top tier quality bean dip and salsa to go along with their chips. Few restaurant rival them in that area. I know plenty of people who come here just for the chips and salsa so that should tell you something about how good they are. The food on the other hand is fairly average. The price for their food is pretty fair and a little on the lower side.  This location is right in the heart of downtown Chandler.
Excellent! Several choices of hot salsa, bean dip offered at no extra charge, typical Mexican family resturant atmosphere, and good service. Chicken suizas were fantastic! Recommend it!
Delicious dinner. Chilies rellenos with machaca. I'd never had that before & I loved every bite. My companion had delicious spinach enchiladas. Wish I lived in the area,  because I'd come back often for the food & friendly service.
Great food great service great price.   If you want big portion Mexican food this place is choice. Family run, local.  It gets a little loud sometimes, but we got a seat in the back. Our waitress Tandra was exemplary.
We hosted my fathers 80th bday party here and they did any excellent job!!  We had the bigger banquet room.  I mention this because I think it is the nicer room.  The food was excellent as well.  Didn't give the full five stars because at the designated time, when the event was over..we did feel that they wanted us out of the room even though there were no other events after us......
Freshest bean and salsa dip out of any restaurant I have been to in my life. I know first hand, the bean dip and salsa are made fresh each morning, this makes a big difference. 

The food is better than average but again I go for the chips and dip.
Was a little nervous to try this place after reading some of the mixed reviews but went last night with a group of 10 coworkers and we all had a fabulous time. Our waitress, Cathy, was great - sweet, didn't mind making 4 separate checks, prompt with Food and drink service and refilled our waters without asking. Eric was also great - he seemed to be in charge of the chips and dip and didn't mind bringing our more than a few refills for us. Seriously some of the best bean dip I have ever had. And the salsa is super flavorful and fresh with big chunks of onions tomatoes and cilantro throughout. Also - ask for the spicy salsa. Doesn't have as much texture as the original but has a nice kick! Even the chips were great - thin cut and served warm. 

We each ordered some margaritas on the rocks which were tasty. Not the best I've ever had but they will do. Several coworkers also ordered a variety of Mexican beers which they enjoyed. 

When we finally ordered the food, it all came out timely, correctly, and at the perfect temperature. Everyone seemed happy with their meals. Some of us were just too full from chips to finish though. Cathy didn't mind bringing boxes though! I ordered the pollo ranchero. The chicken is diced and mixed with tomatoes, green chili, and onion. This was the best part of the dish. The refried beans were yummy too but the rice was a bit bland. Would have liked a side of the guacamole which was on every other entree plate except for mine. But I was able to steal a bit from someone next to me. The dish also came with two large tortillas which weren't even necessary but were a nice addition. They were a bit charred which gave them an awesome flavor. Finally, the fresh Serrano pepper on the plate is a cute touch! 

We had brought our own cake for this occasion and Cathy didn't mind bringing out fresh forks and side dish plates for us. She didn't force any of the restaurants desserts or coffees on us either. 

Overall, I would come here again!
I used to come here all the time when I was younger with my family.... The other Restaurant we first were going to go didn't open for another 30 mins so we decided to come here, This time only with my mom, boyfriend and son. Over the years the food went down hill. The best thing about our meal was the chips and beans and also the cheese crisp. But the meal portion not pleasing for ALL of us.... I ordered the season ground beef taco, and shredded beef tamale with rice and beans. Taco was dripping with a pool of grease got half way and couldn't finish, the tamale red sauce had an off taste. Rice and beans were okay.... But with the main course off setting,  I just didn't want to finish my meal. My boyfriend didn't even finish his meal either because the ground beef enchiladas was over seasoned and just way to salty. My mom was off and on with the food... But later she told me it made her sick and kept throwing up.... All in all, I/WE will never come back to THIS location.
Never disappoints .. 

Good food and good service.. I have been going here a long time. I will continue to go back
I liked the place even when I thought it was a chain.  I REALLY liked it when I found out it was independently owned and operated.  I've been here lots of time - but I don't even remember much about the pizza.  It was good, and other folks liked it, but I got the lasagna the first time I went there and it was so good, it's hard to try other things.  I've strayed a bit, but I keep going back to that.  

Huge portions and a fun family atmosphere - though when all the seats are full it can get a bit tight.  It's not a huge place, but big enough I thought it was a chain though it's an independent building.  

Meals run $12 to $23 ish, but they also run HUGE.  And not only can you share, but if you tell them you're sharing then for a few bucks more they'll split it onto 2 plates and give you an extra dinner salad.  Definitely a bonus.  

Last note - if you go when the weather is nice they have a really great outdoor seating area.  The chairs aren't special, but the sides and top are covered w/ really pretty vines.  Perfect way to eat good Italian food - al fresco.
Could not find location. Maybe closed? Or wrong address...
Closed.
Very cute place that you just don't expect to be here in a commercial complex.  It's right next to an office for Al Collins.  Give ya an idea?  There are a few shaded tables out front, and some cute ikea/minimalistic tables/chairs on the inside.  Everything looks clean and bright and new - just the way you want it to look.  And the folks who work there are always really friendly - look like college students.  

They have some nice "Morning munch" selections (Breakfast) including smoothies, but I haven't tried one of them yet.  Their sandwiches and wraps though - very good. I'm not a huge fan of their turkey lunch-meat, but it's not bad - I'm just picky when it comes to turkey.  One of these days I'll eat there and try a toasted sandwich, but since I'm always a to-go girl, I figure it would be cold by the time I got back to the office.  They also have pre-made salads and sides in a case up front so you can just grab and go.  Their fruit (Cut in pieces) looked great and very fresh and for just $1.50, not a bad side at all.  Their salads are also really good sized for the money.  I will say that their chocolate chip cookies aren't quite as good as they look.  AND - while priced 2/$1, they are packaged in sets of 2, so really it's just $1.  

And oh yea - they deliver.  You can call, fax in an order, or order on-line.  Pretty fancy.
I thought the place was okay, but nothing tremendously special. The crew at Modavox swears by this place for delivery (well some of them anyway). I needed to get out of the office on a recent visit so I decided to drive over to them in Tempe. 

I had a nice talk with the young guy, who may have been the owner. He was very interested when I told him I was from San Diego. He wants to open one of these over there. I think he might have a good chance, although there are many similar and better places already.

I got the California sandwich, being from California, of course. (Turkey, Swiss, sprouts, tomato, avocado) It normally comes with mayo but I substituted mustard. The sandwich was actually much better priced for a foot-long than many other places. The place was very contemporary but I felt the sandwich was just okay. I also got chips, but bagged chips is bagged chips no no review necessary. Would I go again? Maybe.
Found this little gem around the corner from our new office about 3 months back and have been a frequent visitor ever since (at least once a week).  Like the other reviews mention, its location is super random (in a commercial office complex), but super convenient for me!  I can jam out of the office, grab lunch for the crew and myself, and be back in 15 minutes.  A win in my book.

As for the tasty morsels they've got to offer, I really haven't had anything bad.  From the meat and spinach pies (a syrian and lebanese delicacy), to the perfectly toasted turkey melt, I tend to leave this place a happy camper on a regular basis.  Everything off the menu is prepared to order (and comes out quick I might add), and they also offer a daily special called the "lunch box".

While the Turkey Melt is a close second, the lunch box is the main reason I continue to come back to Munch a Lunch.  I'm usually running pretty hot and have little time to eat, so the fact I can walk in, grab a sandwich that was made that morning accompanied by chips and a drink is a HUGE draw for me.  Especially when it only costs $4.  I mean, you can't even get a 6" at subway with chips and a drink for less than $5, and Munch a Lunch is using real meat!

Quality, fast, delicious and friendly.  Keep up the good work "boddy".
I would never have known of this establishment's existence if it wasn't for the small dining area out front with umbrellas and strange wrought-iron flutterby and dragonfly shaped chairs and tables. Not very comfortable to dine in, but cutesy nonetheless. It also helps that I now work in the surrounding area, since Munch-a-Lunch seems to cater exclusively to the business parks around it. Although it's nothing to write home about, it does a pretty fine job of sating my hunger.

This small hole-in-the-wall joint caters to those on the go with a five dollar sandwich box that consists of a sammich, bag o' chips, candy bar and canned soda. It's a screaming deal compared to most fast food meal deal prices, and you can be in and out in a few minutes. However, if you're willing to wait around a bit (and maybe try out those funky butterfly chairs or watch an old black and white movie on the tele inside), the made to order specials and salads are usually pretty solid and a good bang for your lunch buck. 

One gripe I have with this place is that the consistency is wildly variable depending on the day. I've ordered the Greek salad numerous times (what can I say, I'm a sucker for beets in a salad) and it's been nigh inedible at times due to a heavy hand with the salty dressing and feta cheese. So order dressing on the side if you're a featherweight like me. At times some items have been a bit stale as well. I've had some unfortunate puff pastry that seemed like it had been freezer burned or microwaved a hair too long. And they have a strange propensity for smothering things in sour cream sauce. 

These are little issues in the overall quality of the food though. Sandwiches and salads are always a solid bet, and the Greek menu items have rarely let me down! 

Give it a shot if you're in the area. There's worse things you could do to yourself for five bucks.
This place is so yummy and tasty! Used to go here quite a bit with co-workers from UOP. Love the breakfast sandwiches!
Went there for lunch around 1:15, not expecting it to take 25 minutes for a salad. Sadly, this place is under staffed and lacking everything needed to be a good lunch spot. I DON'T recommend it. If you want a good sandwich place, drive down the street to Dilly's Deli or any of the other sandwich shops in Tempe, your wallet, your time, and your stomach will thank you.
Gotta love the way these guys advertise - free food samples!!  They came into our office a couple months ago with some of their Spicy Hummus....the rest as they say is history!!  I order from here 1-2 times a week, everyone there is super nice. And I like that you can place your order online. The free delivery is a definite plus!

I love the Spicy Hummus & the Dumplings, but the best thing on the menu has to be the Chicken Caesar Wrap - the homemade garlic dressing is phenomenal! All of their sandwiches are pretty unique from your standard sub shop, and I love that about them. The only thing I don't care for is their Gyros - and I love Gyros.
I like this place. The prices are reasonable and the food is good. Breakfast and lunch are good. My favorite is their breakfast croissant.
So I was looking for a spot to get a quick snack before the gym. I remembered a little place around the corner I use to go to all the time when I worked in the area. I was happy to see it was still there.

If you didn't know it was there, it's easy to miss. They now have cute but unusually looking set of chairs and tables outside now with umbrellas. (So don't miss it) I always think it nice when you have the option to sit inside or outside when the day is nice.

I didn't try any of the food this time but did try a smoothie. There are limited flavors but I must say the mango smoothie is amazing!! It taste exactly like a mango, not to sweet and very flavorful!! My friend got a pineapple coconut smoothie. She let me try it and that was good as well. I would definitely recommend it over a chain smoothie establishment.
Came here to grab a quick smoothie before heading to the gym with my friend. I got the pineapple coconut smoothie (the only thing missing in it was some rum :p) which was delish and my friend got the mango flavored smooth in which she loved as well. Very clean inside which is def a big plus for me. 

It's sort of hidden so unless you know about it or happen to notice the cute butterfly chairs out front while driving by, you can easily miss it. I plan on coming back to do lunch here next time since some of their salads did catch my eye!
I ordered a veggie sandwich on wheat, and when I opended the sandwich I could not believe it!  All shredded lettuce, 2 tiny pieces of tomatoe and a few olives.  I have given this place enough chances, it is horrible don't waste your time or money.
This place is an excellent spot to pick up a variety of lunch options and they have great layout. Love this joint.
Seriously, THE best 'cue in the Valley!

This is a family operation, and the Coopers know their barbeque. They should; they've have been doing BBQ in Chandler for over 20 years. 

What's so special? Well, they slow-smoke their meats with Arizona mesquite. They use locally-grown beef and pork when available. And they know their side dishes.

Yummy, like-grandma-made-it potato salad. Simple and tasty Cowboy beans. And fresh, crisp cole slaw are some of their specialties.

They also make wonderful buttermilk biscuits and homemade lemonade.

Large portions are another plus. You will not go away hungry!
The correct address is 1650 S. Gilbert, Gilbert, AZ 85295. I did like the pork ribs but didn't think they were the best in the valley. It looks like there is a dry rub on the ribs but I couldn't taste it. The ribs are black and look crusty but there is no taste of any spices. The sauces are good and are needed. I have eaten some ribs with a really good dry rub that needs nothing else. I would rate the ribs average. There is a choice of 2 kinds of beans, I had the one with sausage in it, pretty good. The peach cobbler was good too.
Now THIS is BBQ!!

I have tried about 5 BBQ spots in AZ and this one is BY FAR the best.  The meats are so perfectly smoked you almost don't need BBQ sauce.... however, since their BBQ sauce is soooo good, you would be crazy not to!  Paradoxical, huh?

Their ribs are to die for and easily the best ribs I have ever tasted, anywhere.  Their brisket is unreal and pulled pork is heavenly.  Their prices are also very good and you can just buy meat by the pound.  I usually get like 1/2 lb. brisket, 1/2 lb. pulled pork, side of beans and a drink for under $15.  And they do not skimp on the portions... a .5lb is easily a .70lb and will get you enough for two plates of leftovers.  It's insane.

Seriously, if you love BBQ and are thinking of going to that other place up Gilbert Rd., drive an extra 3 miles or so south and go here, you won't be disappointed!

NOTE:  Their BBQ sauce is gluten-free and so are their BBQ beans.
Some friends and I went for lunch one day.  To be honest, I've had better and compared to Joe's in Gilbert, I prefer Joe's.  Every person is different with their taste of BBQ though, so whatever.

It was okay though, I'd go back if invited.  For all the seasons that look like there is in the rub on the ribs, I didn't taste a thing...maybe that was their point, but I had different expectations.  

The prices for lunch are reasonable considering the amount of food you get.
***** RETAIL LOCATION CLOSED *****

grrrrr!  Retail location closed.  Their 20yr catering business is still in full swing, but their retail shop is closed.  Sucks.
The fish tacos rock

GREAT margaritas!
Nice little place, pretty good food, really nice people.

A friend and I had lunch here on a Friday afternoon.  For $9, I got two chicken soft tacos with rice & beans, a drink and a bowl of chips.  

The food was o.k....but alot better with the addition of salsa from their salsa bar.  They had 4-5 different types of salsa that you could add - for no additional charge.  (The chips were free too).

The restaurant itself is nice.  We were there for a couple of hours and so were a few other groups of people. 

The owners have also done a nice job of keeping the place clean - bathrooms and all.

Would I recommend Caramba's?  Sure.  Probably won't be a regular, but would definitely go back.
Ate here today and about a month ago. Both times yummy. Customer service is a 2-3 stars. But, whatever. I lovvvvvvvvvvvvve their fresh toppings here. They have just the right mixture of lettuce, tomato, and cheese. Last time I got a bean tostada and chicken taco plate. Delish. Today, I had the chicken salad in a bowl (normally comes in a tortilla shell). It was so good! It was lots of lettuce with grilled cubed chicken, topped with refried beans, cheese, olives, tomatoes, and green onions. It was really refreshing and fresh. Again, the customer service could be A LOT better, but so far the food has made me want to come back anyway.
Love it when a place is fast food and doesn't taste like it. 

Carambas is my go to when I need a quick Mexican food fix without killing my wallet. 

Pollo Fundido is great, the salsas are awesome and put together from scratch. 

What's even cooler is that they have a little mini bar at this location.  The other locations don't have that from what I've seen.

Love it that they are home grown too.
Ok short and sweet this is very good take out. We have been here to pick up dinner several times and have tried a number of menu items: the chicken burro, the mex pizza, the enchiladas, and the chimi. Even the bean burros were some of the better ones I've had. And price is pretty reasonable, go hit this joint!
Best Mexican food in AZ. Good price and great taste.
Been a fan for a long time.  It's inexpensive, quick, and delicious not a combo you always get.  

I particularly enjoy the Giant Caramba's Burro, granted we generally spit it between three of us, and I also love the Giant Stuffed Quesadilla, again usually shared.  Also they have great grilled fish tacos. 

A great family friendly laid back place to grab food and a margarita.
Place has been closed, and we have been waiting for this place to re open. Well we could have waited longer, food had no taste.
We get takeout for the family a couple times a month on average.
Pretty good food, and awfully consistent flavor and quality.
Good place to go for a mexican quick meal.  Ive never had anything that I dont like. The salsa bar is good with nice choices and fresh. 

Prices are fair and they even have the option for beer and margaritas. 

Ole!
Seriously, this is one of my husband's and my favorite places to eat when I'm too tired to cook. If we ever want Mexican food, without hesitation we know we're going to Carambas.

The new staff are great.  Even the old ones were superb.  We always eat at the bar top.  The buy one get one margaritas will put you on your ass!! Served in small plastic Solo cups, these are the perfect end to a Monday. 

I always bring friends and family here.  The manager even made us dessert on the house (tortilla chips with honey sugar and cinnamon--simple and delicious).  

Everything on the menu is delicious.
It is hard not to like this Caramba: the staff is very polite and they prepare your food quickly, even when the restaraunt is a little more crowded.  The dining room is set up well to be open and comfortable, with two large TVs that are usually tuned into sports.  There is also a small dining area outside that is smartly tucked away from the very large parking lot of this shopping center, so things don't get to noisy. 

Caramba has a fairly good menu for "fast food" Mexican with fresh ingrediants that at least seem authentic.   It leaps and bounds better than other similar fast food places like Del Taco and Taco Bell and even better than some of the local sit-down Mexican restaraunts.   The prices are noticably more expensive however.   Still, the meals are quite filling and even if it seems like you aren't getting much food for your money, you will walk away full.   

On more than one occassion, I've made the mistake of ordering extra tacos on the side because I was super hungry and ended up eating way to much.
Average food, but I think that it's over priced
I can't believe people like this palce.  In the early 90's my parents use to take me to a different location.  I hated the food and had not been back since 1995.  Recently I was told that this location was much better and the quality was great.  So I decided to give them a try.  Once again the food was horrible.  First off, cheese sauce wtf?? You have signs all over the place about how you make everything fresh.  Why not put real cheese on the nachos?  The beans are probably the worst beans I have ever had! I am from California and Arizona's attempt at mexican food is just sad.  Why waste time and money here.  If you want fake bad mexican food just go to taco bell.
Caramba  is our favorite Mexican restaurant in Surprise. The food is fast, fresh and delicious. We enjoy their burritos, tacos, enchiladas, rice, beans, salsas, tamales, and chorizo dishes as well as their friendly service.

The only down side to Caramba is they don't open early enough. Their breakfast menu is robust, but who wants to wait until 10am for one of their mouthwatering burritos or egg dishes?
Caramba's is find in the Sun City Grand area.  My wife and I really enjoy going to Caramba's because it's just down home good, inexpensive Mexican food.  We go at least twice month if we are in the area.  The food is always fresh and plentiful.  Love the salsa bar.  We can load up on our favorites and they are great on the food.  I like the Chorizo and eggs platter.  Breakfast is great but I have to admit I wish that they would open earlier for breakfast. Check it out this local restaurant that out does all those overdone place in the area.
Good stuff here, I can get a protein packed lunch at a good price. Also enjoy getting to pick my salsas out and trying new ones. The workers here were really nice and looks like they had a decent lunch crowd which is good to see. I will be back.
I actually crave this place all the time when I think of quick mexican food. Love the shredded beef enchiladas. Thier refried beans are perfectly seasoned. Lettuce and tomatoes always fresh,. Been here several times and Ill definetly keep coming back. They have a sign out front about original owners being back although I never noticed a difference in the food. Its always good. They have salsa bar thats open thats nice. Have a little bar inside (full bar) with tv for sports.. when I say little I mean it seats about 6 people. lol.. They make the strongest margaritas Ive ever had. YUM! One of my fave places to go.
For easy takeout and casual dining, this is the place. Nothing fancy but good affordable food.  Being Spanish, I know and appreciate good Spanish food.  They are very accommodating for people who have special dietary needs.
This is a great place for grilled fish tacos! I have cravings for them once in a while and they are always the best in town! Staff is friendly as well.
Did not expect it to be a fast food restaurant but it is.  Their fish tacos are spicy and pretty good.  Their regular tacos are good and made with homemade tortillas.  The salsa bar has a good verity and a lot of didn't spice.  The quesadillas are enough to feed you entire family!  It comes in a freaking pizza box.  lol
Wanted to update my review:  Mr C & I went in on a Friday for a quick, inexpensive dinner out. I decided to try the margarita since it seemed that everyone else there was drinking them too.. So, I tried it, and oh my... me likey. Not bad.. for $3.75 a drink, it was pretty darn good.
I rate Mexican restaurants by their refried beans; these were not good, the taste and texture reminded me of canned.  But, the beef taco and the carnitas burrito were good.  The cheese enchilada, not so good.  And the "nachos with cheese" are chips with "nacho sauce" that tastes canned, YUCK!
This place is atrocious, there prices are higher than all their sister stores and don't include rice and beans in their combo's. While I was eating there the staff apparently thinks that no one knows Spanish and was swearing like there was no tomorrow....Including someone who appeared to be a Manager. I will never step foot in here again, rather going to the much better quality sister store in Peoria off of Union
Old owners are back so I thought I would try it again. Same lousy food. I picked up the food to go and it was already cold. The tacos had so much grease dripping from them I collected it to change my car oil. SO needles to say I am done with them!
Omg one of the best fast food Mexican places I've ever been to! Had their chicken chimichanga, with sour cream/guacamole, and first bite sent me to heaven. I loved the fire roasted salsa on top. It was the finishing touch. I recommend if you love home style Mexican food on the go!!
Food's not that great. The staff was extremely friendly & service was fast. I had the Caramba chicken nachos. The chicken had an odd taste to it, like it had been boiled too long & didn't even have any seasoning. The chips tasted stale. Nacho cheese sauce from a can....very bland. Unfortunately we wont be repeat customers.
I am convinced that everyone giving this place good reviews must be confusing this with somewhere else, or its the same people that keep terrible places like Macayo's in business.  I ate here a while ago, and I thought I would give it a second chance last week. It was still bad. If a Mexican food place can't make refried beans well, I'm not sure what they can make. They taste like they are straight from the can. For a place that touts all of the other fresh items they serve, some effort on their beans would be nice.  The rice had little flavor. Tortilla was ok at best. The prices are not as great as some are saying, especially for this quality. Also, not a huge deal but you need to pay 25 cents for a soda refill, this just bothers me.

If you want great Mexican food in Surprise, go to Rito's on Reems and Greenway. Nothing in Surprise comes close, especially this place.
very similar to all the other chain Mexican restaurants...nothing else to say
The homemade flour tortillas were awesome, the margaritas were FANTASTIC and very cheap. Everything tasted authentic, good salsa bar too. Best surprise in Surprise!
This is a pretty good place to eat.  Plus they have this little mini bar area too, but I do mean mini.  

My favorite,  or at least one of them is the super nachos minus the nacho cheese sauce and replaced with real cheddar cheese.  AWESOMMMMME. The chicken or shredded beef are both tasty. 

It's always quiet,  no lines or long wait for your food.  They have a TV that is usually playing sports recaps or something so that's nice too.

The staff will do anything to make your food the way you asked for it and don't mind changing something small to accommodate.
We visit Caramba's almost every Saturday night after church. We love the food there! Super fresh and great prices! We almost always get the Mexican pizza with shredded beef, taquitos, and have had the Giant Caramba many times. All are really good. The free chips with your order and fresh salsa bar are also a great plus. 

My only complaint with the restaurant is that the tables and chairs are really uncomfortable, hard to move to accommodate larger parties, and just plain ugly. If the seating were better I would give them 5 stars.

But obviously, since we visit almost weekly, the food is better than the decor!
Like eating here. Appreciate their gluten free options, fresh food and feel good taking my family there knowing there isn't a bunch of artificial ingredients. I do wish their beans were tastier.
My dining companions summed up Ginger as this: "Fate's older Chinese cousin that lives in Glendale."

So put it this way, if you love Fate you  might enjoy a Chinese twist to it. If you are not so much a fan, don't go. 

Ginger China Bistro does Chinese food but not the traditional versions (so don't go if you are looking for dim sum!). The menu is small, limited to 5 apps and 5 soups/salads, and probably 15 entrees. The entrees are typical of what you'd find at a Pei Wei or other mainstream Chinese place. Difference here is that they are done well. Another plus is the GInger has a decent bottled beer and wine list. 

The restaurant space is small, albeit not as small as Fate. A feature of Ginger is a very long communal table in near the kitchen. Watch out though, if you are sitting near the cracks in the table you may end up with spilled drinks. We watched a group near us get their water spilled twice because the waitress couldn't see the cracks. The front area is a bit cluttered (newspaper on the chairs, stacks of flyers, etc.).

Service is friendly and attentive. Drinks were refilled often and the food came out quickly but not on top of each other. 

As for food...well I suppose this is the real test. We ended up with 2 apps: chicken mushroom lettuce wraps and crab angels and spring rolls. The crab angels were noted to be very cream cheesy. My lettuce wraps were tasty, the chicken was ground so it wasn't huge chunks of chicken and the the lettuce was crispy. Entrees were good but not phenomenal. My sweet and sour pineapple chicken was a good size and featured crushed pineapple instead of those chunks.

I'd love for Ginger to suceed. In the land of chains and mediocrity, Ginger is a bit refreshing. It's still getting its footing but I hope to return soon and see great things from them.
As some previous reviewers have mentioned, Ginger China Bistro is reminiscent of the restaurant formerly known as Fate in downtown Phoenix.

I popped in for lunch this week as I was nearby due to GangplankNW http://search.twitter.com/search?q=%23Gangplanknw

To get my ginger party started, I ordered up a "Ginger Palmer" (ginger iced tea + lemonade). Man, what a unique and tasty beverage!

For my entry, I ordered up the "Tofu puffs" with seasonal vegetables dish, which comes with white rice. This dish (and probably all of them) come served in a generous amount of sauce. The food was tasty & filling. Ginger Bistro is a good spot for some flavorful, not so traditional Chinese cuisine.
I've been visiting Ginger ever since it popped up in the neighborhood. We NorPho folks don't get a lot of one offs like Ginger up our way & it's a welcome change. 
That said, Gingers contemporary style & menu options have been tasty every time I've stopped in or ordered out. The portions are decent & the pricing is just north of your standard Chinese fare. If the decor, menu options were more traditional, it wouldn't be worth your time. So be sure to stop in to this quiet little gem. The Crispy Citrus Mandarin Beef is just one of the reasons it's well worth the trip.
This is a great place.  The food is consistently good the atmosphere is nice and the entire place is clean.  The server are pleasant, the food cost is reasonable and the monogolian beef is wonderful.  This place has the velveting down pat.  The Garlic shrimp with noodles is to die for.  They use fresh vegies and nothing is greasy.  We go there at least once every couple of weeks.  Very reasonable priced.
There are so many Chinese restaurants out there to choose from and you never know which one to actually eat at.  This place however should be near the top of your list if in the area.  To many times have I been to a Chinese restaurant  where price is the main factor in luring patrons to walk in the door.  This is not the case here at Ginger China Bistro as it's not super cheap, but also not going to make a large dent in your wallet.

The food here is quite exceptional with its portion size, quality, and presentation.  Also the modern decor and contemporary look add to a pleasant experience in my opionion.  It also doesn't have that clutter factor like many other Chiniese restaurants so several bonus points earned for that.

I hope this place does well as it stands out from the rest.
I was nervous wreck the first time I ate at Ginger. Not because I was worried about getting dysentery (you know how those Chinese restaurants can be). But I was meeting friends of my manstress's parents for his father's birthday. 

The place is great for groups, and they had us seated at a large table in the center of the room. I chose a seat at the end so I wouldn't be completely surrounded by people I didn't know. But all of my worries were put to rest since the whole crowd, like my parents, were teachers. 

As the beverages began to flow, our table got louder and louder. No one seemed to mind, and the staff was very attentive. 

All of the food was simply outstanding, and since we passed our dishes around for everyone to try I go to taste quite a few. I would highly recommend the both the sesame chicken and the spicy shrimp. 

The delicious food paired with a great setting and staff really made this potentially awkward encounter much more comfortable.
Exactly as others stated, a small but excellent food selection.  If you're picky about your dishes, you may be disappointed, however the quality and presentation are clean and savoury. Portions are large. Very family friendly.  If you don't leave hurting, you didn't eat right.
The food was good and fresh but the service was awful. Very slow and our server gave us an appetizer on the house for the delay. They only had 1 bottle of the wine we ordered and we had to get something different for our 2nd bottle. It was not even a busy night. Maybe takeout would be better to not have to deal with slow inattentive service.
I've shared lunch with colleagues here and I have to say... not really impressed. The space is wonderful. Light, clean lines, uncramped, good flow - but I don't repeat visit a place that "looks" good. I simply don't have the time when there are so many places that bring me the whole package. 

I don't know if there dinner menu is different, but there are a fair amount of selections without being overwhelming. There are only two meatless options, which I expect more of, especially in a Chinese restaurant. I've eaten ginger soy noodles and they are just bleh... if not a little greasy. Two of my friends seemed to enjoy their dishes and the fourth commented on hers being REALLY salty. 

All of that could be forgiven if the flavor profile was strong enough to overcome the lack of creativity. But it just isn't. 

For those of you looking for the "all inclusive" lunch special, keep driving. Here you will just get your entree item or app and a portion of white rice. They will bring you brown rice if you request and then remind them. 

As it is a relatively small space, I would expect service to be attentive. And perhaps they have a different crew of people that work dinner, but we all sat with empty glasses grabbing employees as they walk by at arms length that seems oblivious to the fact that four people holding empty glasses is a sign that you might want to stop at the table. 

Lastly, I sort of feel like GCB has a little bit of an identity crisis happening. It seems to want to the trendy go-to spot that pushes the tried and true Asian flavors to a new and updated level. Instead what it delivers is conventional, rather unremarkable food in really nice bowls. 

Maybe we were just there on bad days. I get that. We all have them. But when you have other choices, I want some substance and wow.
Today's Asian Pear salad had apples in it instead of pears with nobody telling you that. See my picture and you can guess how it taste.

Maybe the best meal they make is the Tofu Puffs,Todays vegetables were Broccoli, Bok Choy, Snow Peas, Carrots, and Mushrooms in an Ultra Mild thickened Chicken Broth. I couldn't taste any oil in this dish or much flavor but it did seem like fresh food.

I have been here many times with different diners because of location and I remember one person not liking a shrimp dish and another not liking a beef dish. I thought the Asian Pear Salad was a total loser today.

Most of the Asian restaurants in this immediate area are two stars to me  with them all being different also I wanted to retry in this area and also I didn't care to drive down Bell Road for a better option.

The thing that separates this two star Chinese from others nearby is that this place is sparkling clean,just look at the grout by the door.
This is great chinese food. The meat is not "mystery meat" and it is good clean food. I love the Mongolian Beef or they can substitute beef for chicken. Kinda on the pricey side, but good.
I've been reading the other reviews and I see a lot of ups-and-downs. I've been to the Ginger China Bistro about a dozen times and it is my go-to evening restaurant for a quiet and intimate meal with close friends.

Everyone reviewing agrees that the atmosphere is pretty perfect. Quiet, dark, modern. It's never been raucous a single time I've visited. My favorite item on the menu is the curry-styled chicken dish, which I ordered once out of curiosity and really enjoyed. I've never tried a salad(which seems to be the downside on most people's reviews on Yelp), but I've never had a bad meal.
First of all, it is NOT an authentic Chinese food. (Think Panda Express)

We all ordered different items: mostly stir fried noodles. Despite the different names, they ALL tasted very similar. Mind you, if they were good, I wouldn't mind. But they were not flavorful at all, but very salty (Read: MSG / Hypertension). We had to ask a variety of sauces and even then the dishes turned out horrible. Not to brag, but I can definitely stir fry better noodles with fresher ingredients and better sauce mix at home. Coming from California and having tried hundreds of Chinese restaurants in that state, authentic or non-authentic, this restaurant is byfar the worst Chinese restaurant! Congrats on the Golden Raspberry Award.

In terms of decor, it is dimly lit, clean and modern, even fancy. Normally, I would save 2 stars for a restaurant regardless of their taste, but this restaurant is just beyond help - they desperately need to change their recipe or hire a new chef!

To be fair, other Chinese restaurants around the area are of similar quality, but slightly better. If overall it is an Arizonian thing, I would not know.
I am surprised that they have good reviews. 
I would say this was my least favorite chinese restuarant in town. 
I am trying to think postiviely after reading some of 5 star reviews, but 
I cannot forget how orange chiken tasted like a sugar chiken. 
I almost thought I was eating a dessert. 

I don't mind modern, dark, quiet atmosphere as long as the chinese food tastes like chinese food.
I was excited to have lunch at what appeared to be a place that would offer a nice dining experience. Unfortunately I will never go back, as the meal was quite mediocre, the service/waitress failed at bringing life and personality. Overall I was surprisingly disappointed with the experience. "Never judge a book by its cover," well, from the exterior this restaurant appeared to be nice and lively, but unfortunately it failed to measure up to the minimum level of expectations.
How is this place even open still?  Everything was absolutely awful.
My daughter and I went in for lunch.  The place was completely empty at 12:45!  
You know if the appetizer is bad the rest of the meal is pretty much done for.  The pot stickers were completely flavorless.  The crispy chicken with mushroom sauce was completely inedible; the chicken tasted like it had been fried in really old oil several years ago and left to dry on the countertop.  The coconut chicken curry my daughter ordered was also devoid of flavor.  The server said three words to us the entire time we were there, and when I told him how unpleasant the meal tasted, he had no reply.  I truly wish I had asked for at least one of our meals to be taken off the bill.  ARGH!!!
We went on a Saturday night before going to a small house party. We had been to one of the places close by, and thought that we should give this place a shot.  My girlfriend and I started off with the War Won Ton Soup.  It was pretty good.  The broth was very light and flavorful.  For entree's we had the Broccoli Beef and Mandarin Orange Chicken.  The sauce for the Broccoli Beef was a little heavy on the Soy, and the Orange Chicken was a little on the light side.  However, the chicken was fried perfectly and didn't have an overly oily taste to it.  The one thing that was lacking was the service.  It was very slow inside, and the service matched.  Based on my experience, I would go back again....however, I wouldn't be surprised if there was a lack of consistancy, judging from the reviews and the fact that the restaurant owners that were working didn't seem to be focused on anything at all.  We'll see how the next visit goes.
The place looked ok from the outside. The inside was nice. It is not small child friendly. When we walked in with our three boys(8,5,2) there appeared to be shear panic on the lady's face. I think it was the two year old that threw them. For starters I had to go get a highchair myself(they didn't think to even ask) and then they tore apart this little storage unit looking for some crayons and paper for the boys. Service was ok at best. The food was ok at best. Overall was ok...at best. I wouldn't say it was the worst like so many other reviews but not real high on the list. On the fence if my wife and I will go back to give it another shake, but without the boys. That is to bad too, our small boys actually like chinese food were as most small children don't.
This is hands down the best Chinese restaurant I have had since we have lived in AZ the past 14 years. We drive from North Scottsdale to go here. Food is delicious, nice atmosphere and excellent service!!!!
Me and my family enjoy our meal everytime we dine here. Whenever its Chinese food night out we come here. I always order the Madarin beef and Or the Sesame Chicken when we come and don't forget the combination fried rice.
We ordered takeout from China Bistro for the first time and were happily surprised to find the food was delicious, served in large portions, and reasonably priced. We had the beef and mushroom lettuce wrap appetizer, the Mongolian beef, and the sweet and sour pineapple chicken. I am fussy about Chinese food and I would happily recommend this place. We will definitely be getting takeout from there again.
Very good! The Garlic Shrimp with Broadway Noodles was very tasty, even if they have a large amount of noodles. And their spring roll/crab angel appetizer was very tasty. Definitely looking forward to trying other dishes there!
Excellent place, highly recommended! Great service and food
Absolutely delicious!  We just tried for the first time and we were very impressed.  We got takeout (Citrus Beef and Ginger's Crispy Chicken with mushroom sauce)  Both were excellent.  The spring rolls were great, the crab angels could use a little more stuffing but still very tasty.  The place looks clean and nice decor too.  Highly recommend it!
This is by far one of my favorite places in Glendale. I always take my family and friends here when they visit and they all love it. They only use fresh white meat chicken which is a nice change from the deep fried stuff you get anywhere else. Their won ton soup is amazing and big enough to split. They have vegetarian dishes that are good no matter what your preferences are. This is a nice clean restaurant and it is always quite in there so you can actually talk to one another. I highly recommend giving it a try.
I am not getting the negative reviews, especially the one who claimed it wasn't "authentic (think Panda Express)."  The food is always fresh, the people are always friendly, and I always leave satisfied.
This is the only Chinese restaurant I will eat at. Once I started when it first opened, I have only went elsewhere once and it was a huge let down. The food here is consistent and tastes awesome! They make their won ton soup broth from scratch and it is some of the best soup I have had. I have sent my dentist here, my friends, and clients. All come back again and again! This is not your typical salty Chinese buffet, it is not a buffet at all. This is quality, freshly made Chinese food. The menu does not change ever!
This place is amazing! I'm Chinese, grew up on home cooked authentic Chinese cooking, I make Chinese for dinner every night... So I know good Chinese!  This is it! Plates are huge and cheap, food is non-greasy & oily. They accommodated our diet needs.  Awesome!
Very good and service. Portions were the right size. A great place for a causal date night.
Very fresh ingredients. The appetizers were great and the entree was amazing. The staff was very polite and helpful. Restaurant was very clean and orderly with fantastic service. Beautiful atmosphere and great food. Take out service as well.
My husband & I went here for dinner tonight & thought the food was amazing. We got the spring rolls & cream puffs as an appetizer then the orange chicken & sesame chicken for our main entrees. Everything tasted great and the staff was friendly. Will definitely go back.
This is our regular date night spot. We love the food, service and prices. I would recommend Ginger over a chain like PF Chang's. Asian Pear Salad and Pot Stickers are two of our faves!
Best chicken fried rice! My husband and I will drive from across town to come eat here. No MSG in anything, the way it should be! The folks here are always nice and friendly! Thank you!
I just had the honey sesame chicken and it was wonderful.  Just slightly crispy yet oh so tender.  Very delicate taste. My only wish is that someone had told me about this place sooner.
We love the honey sesame chicken, mongolian beef and pork fried rice.  The interior is more modern than most Chinese restaurants, and very nice.  There's a patio if you'd like to eat outside, as well.  This is our go-to place for takeout...it's the best in the area.
We love Ginger! Tonight we tried the egg foo  young. It is well worth the 20 minute drive! Great service and food!
I only give it two stars because of the cool building.  This restaurant is in the original terminal of the Phoenix Air Port.  While you're eating you're actually watching planes take off and land, and that is pretty cool. 

Their food is terrible.  I heard that one time they made a mistake while filling the salt shakers and instead filled them with MSG!!! I know, right, disgusting.
I have eaten here many times over the last decade. I used to work right next door, and I went to university in the same parking lot. The outdoor patio is pretty cool as is the upstairs.

The food is ok, but not spectacular. Think breakfast at Denny's. If you like airplanes, or have little kids this is a great place.
Had breakfast at the Left Seat with some out-of-towners en-route to departures. The location is awesome if you are an aviation buff or just enjoy watching the runways. The service was friendly, and the prices very, very reasonable -- our bill was $41 for 3, with extra juices and all. The food was pretty mediocre, very standard breakfast fare with a bit too much butter. The corned beef hash was decent, but likely canned. The French toast was okay, not earth shattering. But after a night of drinking, a greasy breakfast hit the spot, and frankly we came for the ambiance.
Whoa.  Just... whoa.

Went here this weekend with the boyfriend and a buddy of ours.  I was a little leary going in because a) the buddy is pretty hit or miss on his food recommendations (mostly on the miss side, to be honest) and, b) at 8:30am on Saturday morning, there were 3 cars in the parking lot.

Uh oh...

BUT... whoa! 

Awesome coffee.  Just straight up darn good.  (Well, assuming you like your coffee strong.  If you're a brown water drinker, you won't like it.)

I ordered a... turkey, tomato, avocado and cheese omelette with hash browns and a biscuit.  The boyfriend had french toast and scrambled eggs while the buddy had corned beef hash, eggs (I think), toast, hash browns and a side order of pancakes.  

My omelette was delicious.  The turkey was awesomely flavorful, the pieces of avocado were huge and I don't know what they did to the eggs in general, but.... daaaaaaaaaaang.  The biscuit was heavy, but tasty with butter and honey, and the hashbrowns were hash browns (despite asking for them extra extra extra.... extra crispy, they were still underdone), but... Have I mentioned how good that darn omelette was?

The boyfriend agreed that the eggs were great, and said that even the syrup was better than other places.  The buddy plowed through his food without saying a word, eating every last bite like he had the munchies.  Which he may have...  regardless...

I'd highly recommend this place to anyone interested in a super tasty breakfast.  And bonus points for ambiance - the restaurant is located just north of Sky Harbor's north runway, so we got to watch all the poor souls flying US Air sit on the tarmac waiting to take off while we ate.
Jennifer's Catering is AMAZING.  I was lucky enough to have this fantastic company cater my wedding, and the compliments on the food were endless.  

My husband and I first came across Jennifer's Catering when they catered my sister-in-law's wedding, and once my husband proposed to me and we started to delve into the planning process, I knew that I had to have Jennifer's Catering prepare the food for our wedding.

I contacted the company and from that point on was in direct communication with Andrew, who handles planning and the like.  He is so incredibly nice, and even when I kept e-mailing him with all sorts of changes and wrong numbers and made him re-do things over and over again, he always responded with unmitigated kindness that never failed to make me smile.  When my hubby and I went for our tasting, everything was out of this world -- the mac and cheese, especially.  We wanted to go for the look of gourmet comfort food --- pulled pork sliders, miniature meatloaf, bruschetta that was to-die-for and other lovely choices flocked our menu, and with every bite of something new that I tasted, "wow" was the word that escaped me.   We had a few guests at our wedding who are vegan or vegetarian, and Jennifer's Catering accommodated our needs with delicious food that was appropriate for those dietary needs.  

I cannot say enough about Jennifer's.  They worked within our budget constraints and produced the best, most creative food that everyone enjoyed.  I recommend them with five stars -- Jennifer's Catering is truly as good as it gets.
We used Jennifer's Catering for a cocktail party we had at our house for 30 people. The food was fantastic. The service was also top notch. The homemade potato chips were so good, and the sauce and little cups that they came in were very unique. All of the guests raved about the food.  The little cupcakes were also a party favorite. They were very professional and we will definitely use them again.
Jennifer's did an amazing job catering my wedding. They went above and beyond and took care of the food, rentals, even coordinating live trees for decoration! People are still talking about our hors d'oeuvres stations, (a innovative alternative to the usual buffet), each one a different theme that allowed our guests to graze all night! I would love to use Jennifer's again in the future, one word: flawless!
I hired Jennifer's Catering for my parent's 50th wedding anniversary party, and they were fantastic. They made everything effortless for me, so I could enjoy the party. They were always looking for ways to help me out, and ways to make my guest's experiences even more enjoyable. The food was wonderfully delicious, the bartender was friendly and went above and beyond, and the rest of the crew was just as friendly and professional. They certainly exceeded my expectations and I would definitely hire them again.
This place has great potential,  I am going lightly and regarding it has opening weekend pains, however at least 4 front of the house employees working and only 4 people in there (my friend and I included in the 4) I expected clearer direction.  I will go back a second time to form my final opinion.  So below will be my first impression.

I walked into to who I think my be one of the owners, there is no signage to indicate that you order at a cash register and not sit down.  (I personally think they should reconsider this format)  He starts handing me menus and telling me specials and I don't even know what I am doing.  So we walked off and sat down at a table since no one told us to order at the cash register and the giant chalk board when you walk in  has a monthly calendar versus directions with arrows that say "seat yourself" and "order this way"  

Anyway, we sit down and all and there is one other table in there right next to us.  I server is talking to them so we assumed that she would help us next.  After sitting there for 5 mins we finally figured out that we are suppose to order at the register.  I don't mind this format as long as it is done efficiently.  My only suggestion is that you make sure the customer knows what to do and put the deserts and some deli/cold items BEFORE the register, along with the jams over by the sitting area.   

We order, get a number and sit down.  We ordered and split the Nosh (cheese board) and Cuban pork sandwich.  Both were very good and my only comment would be to include a jam or honey with the blue cheese.  However the sandwich was flavored perfectly and found it rather delightful.  It was delivered by a server and another girl who must be learning to be a server, they had a discussion on how to present and we had to sit there and wait to eat while we were used as training and the girl in training was clearly nervous and the girl instructing was say things like "your going to have to learn"  it was rather uncomfortable.  I would recommend writing down what you want to say to describe the food and straight read it.  But that's me.

Anyway, overall the food was good and if they improve the flow of the restaurant and front of the house service they will crush Arcadia.  I will be back in a couple weeks to give it another try and I am looking forward to trying their dinner with some slight spins on comfort food.
I'm not one to fling around perfect ratings based on just one visit, but this place made such a great impression on me there was just no alternative. I had the salade nioise and a side of the herb fries ... MY GOD SO TASTY. The salad had perfectly seared sashimi-grade yellowfin tuna, and the dressing was light and perfect. The fries ... I have no idea how they got the fries so crispy and delicious. After lunch I bought pretty much one of everything from their bakery display case ... their pastry chefs know what they're doing. 

I loved the French dcor, too. The music was hit and miss though, but no big deal. 

Oh, it's not visible from the street, really. It's on the southwest corner of the strip mall. The main entrance faces south.
Awesome new place in Arcadia, food and wine was very tasty. We tried several items and loved all of them. They even have a great kids menu.  Great outdoor seating
Love the neighborhood feel and location of this restaurant.  Every dish we ordered was outstanding.  Can't wait to try the Grab and Go options!
I LOVE this place. I hate to use such a lame phrase, but this stuff is the definition of delicious and nutritious -- heavy emphasis on the delicious. Everything tastes really fresh and satisfying. Plus, the staff is super friendly and the decor is SO CUTE. They have this little beverage station that is a million times more adorable than a soda fountain. It kind of reminds me of the mimosa bar at my sister-in-law's bridal shower. 

This will definitely be a new lunch spot for me. My boyfriend loves charcuterie boards, so I will be bringing him in to try the nosh boards. Hopefully I can talk him into the fondue!
Cute space and decor - this place has potential. 

The only reason I am giving this place a low rating because the food was not very good. I ordered the Shrimp Po-Boy, it came out cold and the complete opposite of what a Shrimp Po-Boy should taste like. The shrimp was small and cold, the sandwich basically tasted like a salad in a stiff baguette. I was so disappointed, I wanted to cry because I was looking forward to fried shrimp in a warm baguette. For $11 I would expected something amazing.

Definitely not coming here again :(
The concept is a bit different. You order at the counter and service brings the food to you. They just appeared to have opened. My wife and wanted something casual for dinner which this place provided.  At the end of the day, restaurants are about the food and this place has excellent food. Great cheese platters and $20 steak. Once this place gets going, it is going to be one of the Acadia go to spots.  

If you are a foodie who likes casual joints. You will love this place.
I don't yelp much but I want to see these guys do well.  The food is great.   The atmosphere is really cute.   Loving the nosh boards and the unique wine selection.  Fun place to relax with cheese and a drink.

Try the chips.
VERY excited about The Market by Jennifer's. As in, I tried it this past weekend, and oh, I'm already going back today. I was excited to see that the place was packed because I want this market to be around for a long time.

The LOCATION is great.  In the complex with Antique Gatherings, Poor Little Rich Girl and Zipps, Right next to Crudo, and facing 36th Street. They've taken limited exterior space, and managed to make a great outdoor patio (that doesn't face Indian School - yay!). 

INSIDE - ohemgee. Exposed ceiling, french-inspired chandeliers, and cafe tables. The devil is in the details, and they nailed it. Even the water beverage bar is on a french industrial table, while the order numbers for your table are made of solid wood with bold-font numbers. It feels provincial, trendy and local at the same time. I like a well-designed space.  

The SERVICE was great.  Diners order at the counter and the food comes to you. As soon as we walked in, a server told us the process, gave us menus and told us to make ourselves comfortable at a table while we decided.  This avoids a long line at the counter.  While we sat and looked at the menu, we were served water and asked if we had questions.  (Although this is an order at the counter cafe, we never had to get up to refill our water glasses.  The servers were on top of this for us.)

And we did have a question - which of the MENU items do we try because they all sounded ridiculously good.  Traditional lunch and dinner entrees and "nosh boards." We went for the Molten Fondue Nosh Board because we were on a diet (I kid, I kid.) Fresh fruit, locally-made sausage, bread and pretzel bites on a great wooden board with a small cruet of fondue. It was a prefect light lunch for two.  And it was so good that when we finished the board, I was honestly tempted to drink the few remaining drops of the fondue straight.  (Maybe they should offer this as a cocktail "molten fondue, neat.") We didn't have dessert or pastries, but the looked worth the splurge.

Last but not least, the "GRAB N' GO "  A fridge of prepared entrees that you can buy and pop in the oven at home. I was excited to see entrees in a range of palates - sophisticated choices for an adult get-together to comfort food for the kiddos. (I hear the mac n' cheese is so addictive you should warn your arteries.)

My only point of contention (every review has one) is that they are closed two days - Mondays and Tuesdays.  Deal breaker?  Nah. I'm hoping they're testing the waters and might compromise on one day for those of us hoping to pop in to grab an entree or two for dinner.


So clearly, I'm a fan. I will probably become a Norm-like regular. Cen Pho / Arcadia was crying for a place like this - casual, easy with exceptional food.  Yay. Yay. Yay.
Initial experience left a HORRID TASTE IN MY MOUTH and I never even tried the food!!!!!

Just had an -interesting- conversation with the girl who answers the phone, Amanda. 
WOW.
After being asking what I was calling for (catering an event, duh!) I told her what I needed, I was put on hold, phone was answered again by Amanda who acted like she hadn't just talked to me 6 seconds before and asked the same question again. 

Her absolutely lack of professionalism quickly wore down my patience. I felt like I was dealing with a 15 year old!!

In the middle of asking me what our date was for our wedding, venue, etc., she blurts out "Oh, you know there is a 5k minimum for December. You know that, right?" 
I was baffled by the way she said this, as well as there was no surrounding explanation or context... When I asked "Why?" She laughed at me and then said "Well, thats just our policy." Okay, that's fine. There are much, MUCH better ways of presenting this to a prospective client. Also, you probably shouldn't say it to someone when you don't know what their budget is or how much they are willing to pay. Moreover, the condescending, rude tone in which you say things like that have a lasting effect. 

They don't know that they are on the preferred vendor's list at my venue, they don't know specific rules or things that the venue already provides and this girl seems to have no grasp of how to get details from someone without asking the most idiotic questions. If someone keeps saying "We just require a plated dinner, no other services from you." You don't need to keep asking things like "what about cake, what about a bartender, what about hors D'oeuvres?" "NO! Just a plated dinner." 

Total incompetence, lack of professionalism, rude, and absolutely not a business who I would recommend working with after this brief and exhausting exchange. 

I wanted to book a simple consultation to try to talk to a coherent adult about food, do a tasting, and then sign a contract --TO GIVE YOU MONEY--! 

To the owner of this business: 
(Before I completely wrote you off as my potential caterer) I requested that when I got my call back, I would like to deal directly with the owner, Jennifer. 
Amanda rudely asked "Why?!?" I told her that I would like to deal with someone who knows the venue that I am booked at, (considering you are a preferred vendor there). 
I would strongly suggest getting someone else who knows how to deal with customers, has a better "table-side manner", and knowledge of halfway decent customer service. 
I have had much more pleasant experiences with call center employees.
So it seems that the owner of this business is just as unprofessional as her employees!
After my conversation with them on Wednesday, today I received a call from Jennifer and a voicemail that was largely sarcastic in tone, as well as unapologetic for her employee's behavior. Also in the voicemail was her distaste for my yelp review that she called "harsh". She does say "I apologize" at one point in a tone and verbiage that is clearly an "I'm sorry, I'm not sorry".

"Hi Rae, this is Jennifer with Jennifer's catering... I would love to chat with you. I know that you chatted with Amanda yesterday and I see you had a "very large problem with that", so I'd like to talk to you about that. I apologize if she came across...um... harsh? But... uh, yeah... this yelp review is awfully harsh too. BUT, I think she was just going by the guidelines but, uh... obviously that was very (inaudible) to you so I'd like to discuss."

Jennifer ends the message by leaving her number and an extremely curt "Thank you". 

How inappropriate can you get?!? 
The only reason you have my information is because I gave it your staff member before I realized what kind of a company I was dealing with. The information was given under the pretense that I wanted to hire you to cater an event, not call and complain about my very accurate, well deserved yelp review and subsequent review update. 

A tip: Don't call and leave voicemails complaining about yelp to the yelper who left it for you in the first place. How in the world do you have a successful business when you don't know the basics of customer service, hospitality and appropriate business behavior? 

I'd also like to add, if you had called and were actually professional, apologetic and genuinely concerned about "very large problem" & the poor experience I had in the first place, instead of your yelp reviews, I would have gladly changed/amended it to say that you called and cared. Instead, you shot yourself in the foot and now this is here... 

To anyone who is thinking of hiring this company, you've been warned! As for me, I've moved on and booked someone else.
The Gaslight Square is on fire and this is another bright option to this strip mall. Why am I so hooked to The Market? They didn't copycat any typical new restaurants. All of their interiors are fastidious and tasteful (not just thrown up yesterday) and they definitely have the cafe vibe. I'm excited about the cheeseboard and charcuterie options plus happy hour. Baked goods are very yummy and quiche was gorgeous.  

Staff were extremely professional - even making sure that tidying up (sweeping) wasn't a bother to me.

Thanks for the great option in our neighborhood! Looking forward to kicking back on your patio this spring. 

Folks, they also have ample parking... A commodity in Arcadia.
Awesome staff, Epic food,  and Rad Happy Hour.  A great Arcadia location and is beach cruiser friendly..
Yet another fantastic new dining establishment along the Indian School corridor!!!
My company hosted a small catered event at Jennifer's new cafe and everything was fantastic!  All of our 40 guests were very happy with the food, service and overall atmosphere of the of this new cafe.  
Every effort was made to ensure our party was fully accommodated.  The food was exceptional and very reasonably priced.  
Jennifer and her staff are truly trying to make an impression in their new cafe and it shows. 
I'm looking forward to adding this a one of my new favorite lunch spot and catering options!
I live right around the corner from this place and have been excitingly awaiting it to open. I had friends in town for the weekend and so we decided this place would be perfect for a late Sunday lunch. I was very impressed when I walked in. They put a lot of thought and effort in creating an awesome atmosphere.

We ordered the butternut squash soup, a burger, yellow tail tuna salad, chicken schnitzel sandwich and the Cuban sandwich and shared everything. The soup and chicken sandwich was good, the tuna on the salad seemed off and we couldn't put our finger on what it was about the consistency that just seemed off, I didn't like the Cuban but everyone else said it was just OK and we all thought the burger was horrible. Everything on the burger was bland except the burnt onion. The meat had no flavor AT ALL.

I feel that there was a lot of effort put into the atmosphere and the menu was an afterthought. I doubt I will be going back.
Finally got a chance to come I here. Been eyeing this place since it started being built out. Although we came here for desert and coffee only, their dinner menu looked liked it has some delicious meals. The desert here was top notch. We had an Apple bourbon stack and a brown butter brownie chocolate chip cookie. Some of the best and more unique deserts I've ever had. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is very laid back. The waitress was telling us about their happy hour and how you can see the sunset from the patio tables. We plan on coming back for happy hour and dinner to see the sunset. I love discovering new local restaurants like this. Come by, check this place out, treat yourself to some good food, support local business, and make sure to tell your friends :)
So happy to have this in the neighborhood! I've been there several times and not been disappointed once. I can see how Jennifer has been a long-time successful caterer. 

The Cuban sandwich is plentiful and delicious. The asparagus, burratta, and prosciutto salad is a nice light offering but still satisfying. Butternut squash soup hit the spot. I enjoyed the fresh shrimp po boy - the shrimp was not fried - which made it feel healthier.

I'm not a huge fan of the nosh boards, the corn chips are nothing special and the combination is a bit weird.  

Do try the brownie cookies, you will not regret it.
The market by Jennifer. My first time here, and I get to tour the kitchen with the GM. So clean. I ordered the wedge salad to start, it's a Iceberg wedge, point Reyes blue cheese, bacon. Hard to go wrong with this salad. I also ordered the rock shrimp poboy. So good. The shrimp were cooked to about medium rare. A chewy, hard crumbly bread was the rock that held all the goodies inside and gave the sandwich more body. What was just awesome was the pickled and roasted pig trotter. Freaking awesome. It came with a light green salad with a citrus vin. So tender, juicy and fattening. But well worth it. You can also grab cold food to go pre made. Some you can heat up yourself. I went the other way and took home an awesome imperial stout. (yes, they have beer and wine to go!) I can't wait to take my girlfriend in to try the meat and cheese boards and have a bottle of wine.
First visit...all by myself.  Sunday pre-evening,  kid-free, errands done, glass of wine and a nosh desired.  Drove by, saw a light crowd, a patio, and a bunch of motorcycles.  Clearly not overly pretentious...so I stopped.   I had a very attentive waiter,  a lovely glass of wine, good butternut squash soup and an amazing salad with beets and pistachio vinegrette.  Happiness on a patio!   I look forward to a family dinner here to try the salmon :-)
I work right down the street from The Market and often have little down time in-between tanning clients to eat, so I love the convenience of stopping by The Market to pick up a delicious, gourmet meal from their "Grab N Go" section that offers REAL, quality meals that'll nourish and energize me for the remainder of my day. You won't find long lines here or in their parking lot. Parking is a cinch (no valet), which allows me to literally walk in and out in 5 minutes. It's one of the best attributes of The Market that I can greatly appreciate.

A hungry girl is no pretty sight so time is of value when it comes to feasting.

I'm also here every Sunday stocking up on my Evolution Juices for the week because The Market sells them at $4! That's the best price I've seen so far in the Valley, plus the girls and Richard always have a warm smile to share every time I walk in. 

The restaurant has an open air feel to it, great packaging for spices and delicious pastries. I've only had one opportunity to sit down and dine, but I'd love to explore their menu more.
Sorry, Jennifer'S. Stick to catering where you don't have a customer service component. A service based business should at least require staff to interact with customers. If your staff can glare at customers they can at least fill water glasses.
Amazing food and a great staff. Karleen is one of the employees and she always recommends the best items on the menu to eat. We also met Jennifer for the first time and she made the experience even better, very happy and made us enjoy our meal even more. S'mores board is a must try for desert.
Everything about the experience here is tops. Happened across it while on my way to a different place, and am thrilled with my decision. The food, wow. I had an omelette. The menu liats three different kind, a pepper, a pok and a cheese. I thought all three  sounded good, so they made a combo and omg it must be one of the best omelets I've ever had!
 
The details of the whole place have been well thought out. From the size of the coffee cup to the music to even a nice little shelf next the to toilet in the bathroom (perfectly clean bathroom, btw)

I'd make this my go to diner if I lived anywhere even remotely close!
I live very close by and was really hoping Jennifer's would be my new favorite.  Although I was sadly disappointed with the service and confused by my meal, I plan to return to try them out for breakfast.  I was sat by my waitress who came back 10-15 minutes later asking if I was ready to order, yet she hadn't given me a menu or offered me a beverage.  I ordered the herb seasoned fries (delicious! ) and the pork Cuban sandwich.  Someone else dropped off my food, and my waitress never came back. I had to flag people down as they passed to ask for things like a refill and for my tab. The "Cuban" resembled nothing even close to a traditional cuban sandwich.  I thought I received a bbq pork sandwich someone else ordered. It tasted mostly of vinegar (from the pickled shallots) and bbq sauce. The bun was overly charred, black and burned. They were really busy though and all new businesses experience growing pains so I will definitely be back to test out other items on their menu. There was a blond gal who I assumed was either the owner or perhaps a front of house manager that was remarkably friendly. I gave them 3 stars for now and hope to increase it after my next visit! Major plus......pet friendly patio!
I decided to try this restaurant based on the good reviews on Yelp. I was meeting a friend for brunch on Sunday the day before Memorial Day. I arrived a little early because I wasn't sure where it was. It is located in Gaslight Square Shopping Center at the back. I suggested that they have an arrow to point where the place was located. I called my friend as I knew she would need good directions to find the place. It was very quiet when I got there so I got good service. When my friend arrived we ordered. She had a cheese omelette and I ordered the vegetable quiche. Her omelette came with shoestring fries and my vegetable quiche came with a salad. She said her dish was outstanding and my quiche melted in my mouth. It was so good. I would like to return as the service was good and there are many items I would like to try. I highly recommend this new place. They also have a Happy Hour as well.
What a find in the neighborhood!  I had the chicken and polenta and it was over-the-top fabulous.

And the service is wonderful.  What a treat!
What an adorable, curious place! Everything I'd heard about The Market is true + infinity! On the very corner of Arcadia's Gaslight Square is a hybrid dine-in restaurant with curbside catering. (If you're short on time prepared food is available for quick "grab and go".)

I popped in for a speed lunch with my Yelper friend Su-Shien and was *delighted* by the food, service and decor. Think fancy pants (chandeliers sprinkle the room) with rustic touches (cord is used to tie silverware). The space is intimate yet casual. Two top tables can readily be combined for larger groups. 

I would love to return for dining IN the kitchen. That's right: There's a bigger table where the magic happens. Friends of mine have eaten there and raved about it. (Soon!)

The food is made for sharing. Nosh boards range from meat, veges, cheese, fondue and (get this) plain ole' bread and butter. My first experience was with the charcuterie (meat) board. The menu doesn't do justice to what is delivered. Delicate sides accompany prosciutto, sopprasata, bresola and spanish chorizo. Thinly sliced wafers of bread can be layered with violet mustard, apple chutney and pickled shallots. We made our selection while enviously eyeing the table next to us.

....where The Very Jennifer was seated! She's a breath of fresh air! So sweet it (almost) hurts. You'll love her (and everyone else that works there).

My friend and I split the Roasted Pork Cuban Sandwich. The pork melted away, deliciously prepared and served on a brioch bun with a side of sea salt chips. Generously sized we were very happy with our portions

Happy Hour! *Every* Day They Are Open. (3-6pm)
- 12 oz beers $2
- Well drinks $5
- Wine by glass 1/2 off 

Love, love, love this place!
This is a great find and a great addition to the Arcadia area! My family stopped in for lunch  and was very pleased with our meals. I had the Cuban which was great and my husband had their burger. You can tell they are using fresh ingredients and there is a lot of attention to detail in the entire experience. I am looking forward to coming back and trying their nosh boards! It seems like a great spot to bring a group of friends for drinks (great wine selection) and we def want to come back and check out brunch which they serve until 5pm- bonus!

This place really deserves some love from CenPho people and I hope you all check it out!
First time patrons,  Sat afternoon,  quaint place,  fun and fresh decor. Good service.  A bit confusing for a newbie,  seeing that there was no direction as to if you are to wait to be seated, seat yourself or order at the counter.  Great presentation of the meat nosh board and herb fries accompanied by iced coffee(that had no real strength to it) and was surprised that a restaurant like this didn't serve a simple syrup with the coffee, but packets of all types of sugar. Meat nosh board was tasty,  Good variety, could use a bit more cheese and bread for all of the meat they give you,  And the peach chutney was oishii(delicious)! Try, it won't hurt.
Great place, great food. Can't wait to go back. However, we're not sure about the use of the apostrophe in the restaurant's name though. Any thoughts?
I am writing to sing the praises of the Nioise salad.  The seared tuna on it was flawlessly prepared, the haricot verts were perfectly al dente and I loved the touch of roasted tomatoes. And at $13 which may seem a little steep, it was a lot of food---I didn't finish it.  The people that worked there were very friendly. 

It's a little hard to find, being at the back of the shopping center next to Crudo.
Stopped in for lunch and had a great experience. 

Parking is easy, right on the corner next to Crudo. I was quickly greeted by a very friendly server who took me over to the cooler to pick out my beer of choice. Ended up having a nice hefeweizen from Temecula, CA.

My friend and I decided to split the cheese board, $14. They were out of the brie that comes with it, so they upped the size of the other cheese portions. The goat Humbolt Fog was my favorite. The board comes with dried fruit (similar to the kind you find in trail mix), spiced almonds (loved these) and a very interesting apricot compote (it actually tasted like sausage, but i think i liked it.)

The atmosphere is cool and comfortable. It looks like they have some great grab-and-go options as well.

I will definitely be back to try more things on the menu, but not when I'm looking for a meal under $12...
Loved our breakfast! One mimosa is all I can do. Had pulled pork and chiles omelet with white cheese, completely delish and gluten free! Definitely coming back
I was referred to this company by my wedding venue which only allows a handful of caters to work at their establishment. The first tasting went very well, when I emailed asking for specific items and made a second appointment that is when I was called an "over zealous bride." That the tasting was just to give confidence in his skills and that he would not be doing 15 tastings for one bride and that there are 10,000 other caters in AZ and to pick one of them. The lack of professionalism was honestly astounding. It has been the worst experience of planning my wedding and took me completely off guard as the flip from nice to disgustingly rude was instantaneous.
A Savory Affair catered my daughters wedding this weekend and they did an amazing job! The food was absolutely delicious and they were punctual, friendly, helpful and professional. Many people complicated us on the food and the menu that we had for the buffet. Thank you Chef for helping to make my daughter's wedding fantastic and memorable!
I have to agree with Kim's review of the lack of professionalism by the owner, "Chef Timothy".  My daughter went with the pasta menu, and the noodles were disgusting.  Plopped and overflowing in this floppy aluminum container where it all clumped together was embarassing and nearly inedible for most of our guests.  We did not receive one compliment, and the food on most of our guests' plates was barely eaten.  A total waste of our money and food.  Plus, the appetizers included antipasto and  vegetables, served no less with absolutely no ranch dressing ... people were looking around for some sort of dipping sauce.  And, then I had to go back into the kitchen area and request more cheese and salami be put out on the table.  There stood 3 young people just hanging out doing absolutely nothing as I asked them to not let the appetizers run out.  They did not even have another platter prepared!  I watched one of the girls slowly put one piece of cheese at a time on a plate. They just took their good old time.  I had to go around and tell our guests that more cheese and salami plates were being made.  By the time a platter was prepared and ready to eat, shortly thereafter, another person came out from the kitchen and took it away!!  Again, another huge embarrassment and waste of money and food.  On top of it, I could go on and on about the stressful and rude interaction with Chef Timothy.  He has an immense ego and if you let him do ALL the talking (and trust me, HE WILL  -- right over your own words and ideas), you may have a better outcome.  I can't help but feel his lack of attention and horribe food and service had everything to do with his ego.  He's in charge, right?  Even the food that had been dropped on the linens did not get cleaned up.  I went around and with my hands picked up dropped salad, crumbs, butter.  And, the messy cake knife and server with whipped cream, chocolate and crumbs was just left out on the table with the soiled napkins from the cake slicing ceremony.  I cleaned that mess up, too, so the dessert table was more presentable.  The only reason we went with this caterer is because we HAD to as part of the Regency Garden wedding venue contract.   To take it a step further on how bad all the food was, even the kids being served chicken nuggets and french fries did not eat all of their food -- their fries were stlll frozen when they bit into them!!!!   A disgrace for these things to happen when all you want is for your daughter to have the most special day of her life -- and the parents should not have to divide their time between being happy and celebrating or wanting to hide and cry because of basic food needs not being met for their guests on this once-in-a-lifetime wedding for their only daughter.
This is a great little place. Kind if off the beaten path but we'll worth it. The food is great quality and very well priced. Always check the daily specials, everything has been great.
Not the most delicious BBQ in the area, but definitely the least expensive. I've had the chicken burrito (added bacon) and the tri-tip burrito. Both were fresh and of decent size. Added a side of garlic bread (tasty, soft and only a dollar) and a slice of chocolate cake (moist, scrumptous and also only a dollar). Needless to say...
Quick!  You only have 3 hours a day to enjoy some great BBQ in a very unassuming location.  The hospitality, quality of food, and value is worth the try. Reminds me of the TV series " The Office" if they had a restaurant in their lobby.
Friendly staff but Not a fan.  Not sure if food is prepared elsewhere or night before because they microwaved our food.
Ham samich.  They don't get much better than this.  I highly recommend trying one if you haven't.

I quite enjoyed my Tavern sandwich.  Ham, bacon, cheese, tomato, lettuce, and a delicious honey mustard sauce were perfectly crafted between two slices of whole wheat bread.  I'd have to say this is one of the best deli style places I've been too, but keep in mind that I am not really a deli sandwich connoisseur.  I got the ham salad as a side, and I would have to say it was the right choice.  It was down right delicious.  Just do yourself a favor, and get this stuff with your sandwich.  Better yet, they have a ham salad sandwich (that I can't wait to try).

The service was friendly too.  The manager gave us four catering packages to give out to our business associates.  I am really hoping that my work orders some catering service from Honeybaked Ham.  They just kill that other deli that we have been ordering from for our staff meetings!
I just love this place.

I love to cook and bake but I will honestly admit that when Thanksgiving and Easter come around I have to serve a HBH on my table. It is just too yummy and gives me the time to make all the sides.

I stopped in for lunch and was surprised at the options they have now for lunch.
Sine this one is in the same Walmart parking lot I do my grocery shopping it is a convenient stop for a yummy lunch sandwich.

I ordered a "Tavern Club". It had Honey baked Ham and Honey Baked Turkey! It also had onion, tomato, honey mustard, mayo, bacon, cheese and was served on multi-grain bread. It cost $5.99. I decided to make it a combo which added another $1.99 and got a can of Coke and a bag of chips.  It tasted SO good!

The staff was very friendly and made my sandwich fresh right in front of me. 

The cashier gave me a coupon for my next visit and a punch card. 
For every 5th sandwich you buy you get 1 free. Just ask them for one! They punched the coupon she gave me and said they will transfer it each time I come in.

If you haven't stopped by for lunch and are thinking they just offer whole or mini hams then you have to give a sandwich a try!
Who doesn't like Honeybaked Ham? Every holiday season I can't wait for leftovers to make sandwiches. 

I never considered going here out of holiday because I didn't know they make sandwiches or sell by the pound or small hams until recently! Grabbed a Classic Honeybaked sandwich was rather sizeable croissant sandwich and was pretty darn satisfying. I like the honey mustard dressing they put on it.... I should have purchased a bottle. Now that I've had that, It makes perfect sense to serve that on the holidays too.

This is close to the house, I will definitely be coming back for another sandwich soon and a mini ham.
Yes I do not eat meat- no this place doesn't have much for a vegetarian. But I am not one to judge based on bias food needs. I think this place has great sandwiches (which you can personalize) and great sides. A little pricey (2$ for a can of Cola and 2$ for a small cup of potato salad) but pretty darn good.

The snickerdoodle cookies are to die for, and they have all manner of types of chips and sides to go with whatever you are in need of. 

I will try a cheese sandwich one of these days, with the yummy tater salad!
This review is solely based on their sandwiches cause we love their ham and get one every year for the holidays! Maybe we went in with too high of expectations but we were super disappointed with the food.

Without question, their meat is some of the best. We had two sandwiches, the Roasted Turkey w/ Apple Butter and the Tavern Club. Both meats alone were spectacular as expected but the sandwiches altogether were just ok. They are skimpy with the toppings, they microwave their bacon and the pretzel bread...tasted nothing like pretzel. It pretty much had no flavor at all. Their hickory honey mustard is super sticky and other than a slight honey flavor, it's dull. I did like the apple butter but they doused the sandwich with it and it overpowered the turkey. 

For the prices of $6.49 and $6.99, I thought they were super skimpy with the toppings. Then to make it a combo with a small side or chips then a CAN of soda, it'll cost you another $2.49. We both left still hungry and pretty bummed out about the whole experience.
I had a coupon for a $6.99 sandwich combo and stopped by here for lunch. They have a pretzel bun for a limited time so I decided to get a Tavern on it. Since I ordered the combo it came with a deli side or chips and a can of soda. The tavern had ham, turkey, bacon, cheddar, tomato, lettuce, mayo and honey mustard. So much flavor! The pretzel bun was soft and good but didn't have much pretzel flavor. I still liked the pretzel bun better than the multi-grain bread it usually comes on. I saved $2.49 on the combo with coupon. The can if soda is kept with the packaged ham so it is refreshingly ice cold. 

The dude who took my order was nice and gave me a new punch card. The girl who made my sandwich went over all what comes on the sandwich and asked if I wanted anything removed. They have tables inside and plenty of their chutneys and other goodies for sale. Getting a whole ham is tradition at Easter and Thanksgiving from here and always a treat. I have not tried the sides here since my wife makes all that from scratch but around the Holidays they have good promotions that include sides. If you are not in the mood to buy a whole or mini ham... At least stop by for sandwich.
We have been here several times, but mostly for holiday meals. We love the boneless ham! I actually thought that I did not like baked ham until my husband insisted I try it and now I love it! We have also had their turkey breast and I have no complaints; it is very good. We have also enjoyed all of their side dishes that we have had. We will be picking up ham and or turkey for Christmas.
I placed my order online and showed up at my designated time on Christmas Eve only to find one long line that weaved through the business and out the door. There was no separate line for those who already ordered. Once in line, I had to wait there for 45 minutes behind a person with serious intestinal issues. Once I got to the front of the line, I asked if he wanted my order number and he said it wasn't necessary.... Then why did I bother placing an order at all???? As I told him my list of items, I asked for the $6.99 mini cheesecake from my online order and he said they didn't have that. I inquired about what they had comparable and was told a full-size cheesecake sampler for $14.99. I started to complain and he called over another employee who proceeded to tell me the website is not indicative of their selection. WHAT???? I was at a complete loss.

Fortunately, the food was amazing and the package deals made the cost very reasonable. I will probably go back, but begrudgingly.
The Bleu Gourmet is a small wine shop/ cafe with good service and nice food.  They have a great selection of wine, some cookbooks and gadgets located towards the back, with comfortable seating available in the front.
I dined here for lunch and found several items on the menu that sounded good, but opted for a specialty they have called "phazanis" that seemed like a cross between a calzone and a wrap.  The outside is a nice, somewhat thin, pizza crust and the filling I chose was egg, mushroom, gruyere and ham.  Very good.  
I was happy to find that their selection of wines by the glass offered several that I was not familiar with and I was pleased with my choice.
Prices were reasonable and I would not mind returning to explore the rest of the menu.
(...Rumor to be the place Robin Leech frequents or so they say. =) )

The location of the actual property is somewhat secluded, situating behind Fleming. It is the place to catch a nice and quiet lunch. It has a feel of a French Cafe' but without the outdoor sitting.

I have been here enough to have tried most of the items on the menu. My go-to item is the fresh-baked baguette with Pate' and Brie on the side. Bleu Gourmet (BG) bakes their baguette to order so it is always nice and toasty. The Brie is a standard fare. The Pate', on the other hand, has gone through at least 3 revisions of recipe. The original Pate' had a smooth, atypical texture. Later, it had much more chunky texture which made spreading a chore. I brought it Sonny's attention. The latest is somewhat smoother but still maintains enough of small bits of the ingredient in the texture. Personally, I prefer the smooth, silky texture of the traditional Pate'. It's just my pet peeve, moving on.

The thin-crusted wood oven pizza varieties aren't bad. (Sammy's is just a bit better.) The Tandoori chicken is too bland for my taste.

Overall, BG adds to the diversification of modern day Vegas cuisine. The food landscape is certainly changing as we are no longer the land of the buffet. This, I will drink to. 

Cheers!!!
I've always enjoyed my meal here but my dinner tonight really REALLY made my mouth happy! I had a small plate of 3 lamb chops crusted with a curry and spices on top of a bed of cabbage. For dessert, creme brulee IN individual strawberrys! My dinner partner had a small plate of crab cakes and she also ordered the same dessert. Both plates were so yummy!
The best French Onion soup I've EVER had! You have to order the Prime Rib pizza, it's an orgasm for your tastebuds! It is the most amazing pizza I have ever had, brie, prime rib and honey make for one killer flat bread pizza. Lots of wines to choose from and quirky books to browse through.


So sad...Bleu Gourmet has closed it's doors.
:(
I love, love love this place. By far the best french onion soup on the planet. Let me repeat: THE BEST FRENCH ONION SOUP ON THE PLANET. I adore the pizzas. Thin gourmet crust with creative specialty choices. I often find myself stopping by just for the pommes frites. They are amazingly fresh and spiced to perfection. They feature an eclectic wine and beer list. I've also found many new wines from their frequent tastings and the staff is always availible to make a wonderful suggestion. Oh.......and did I mention the soup?
I had the turkey and brie sandwich (see picture). It is served on a baguette. The sandwich is warm, with the brie slowly melting. It has spinach leaves on it. The combination of the turkey, brie and bread is delicious. The sandwich is saved from dryness by a cherry merlot sauce. It was served with french fries, highly seasoned, with a chipotle ketchup for dipping. A very good lunch!

The service was excellent.
phone disconnected as of fri 5/809
Awesome counter-service Italian sandwich, calzone, pasta, and pizza place open only for lunch during the week. New York transplant with great ingredients and recipes.

They have a huge menu of the aforementioned menu items that cater to vegetarian and meat eaters. The prices are very reasonable (around $7) when considering the quality of food, the ingredients, and the ambitious serving sizes. Calzones and pizzas are monstrous and the foccacia sandwiches aren't a slouch either. Sandwiches aren't as good as Cibo, but are a very good alternative for the price and a quicker meal.

However, the huge menu is also it's downfall. While exploring it I have found several pretty bland menu items that don't belong. Some of the turkey and vegetarian sandwiches I have tried have been sub-par. People I've been with have also had some mediocre experiences with their pastas o' the day.

I also visit it far less then I normally would because they won't serve you free water. You have to buy a bottle. Isn't that illegal?
I love this place. I wish they had dinner hours. It's a little loud. But other than that, it's by far my favorite place to eat lunch in the heart of downtown. It's so consistently good. I believe it's family-owned and as such nothing has changed in years, which is a wonderful thing. I highly recommend the Vodka and the Fiorentina and the mushroom-sauced daily special when they have it. And the manicotti. And the calzone. Oh, you dirty little calzone... It is what it is and what it is is sooooo good.
This place was very busy so be prepared or do carryout ;) I had to try the Vodka and Fiorentina after Dallas G.'s review =) It was super yummy just like he said and I'd eat here often if I was a down towner! I am such a sucker for Italian!! Loved it thanks for sharing it Dallas!!!
Awesome customizable breakfast burrito
I was in the mood for a breakfast burrito and attempted to visit Baja Fresh 3 doors down, but alas this branch is not open for breakfast.
Lucky for us it was not!
We walked down the block looking for something to fill our bellies and this place called me in!
The ladies behind the counter are amazingly friendly, helpful, and wonderful at their craft!
The burrito options are wide open! Pick what you want in there, and they do it! I got carnitas, beans, cheese, and bacon and included the potatoes inside!
So super yummy! And the red spicy sauce was great! ask for 2!

Wish i lived closer so i could try more of the options for lunch!!
I went here with some coworkers for lunch yesterday, and wasn't overly impressed. I ordered some chicken dish that was basically a chicken breast (yep, just one...) with cheese, tomato sauce and some asparagus on top...can't remember what it's called (I think it was a special or something). I ordered it in the first place because the asparagus looked yummy...and it was. But...the chicken wasn't anything to write home about and it was too cheesy for my taste. The dish came with either a side of salad or pasta...I tried to go the healthy route with a salad, but regretted my decision immediately. The salad was tiny, and looked really lame...and it was. I think I should have gotten the penne alla vodka or something...next time, I won't make the same mistake (and I assume I'll be back, because my coworkers like this place). 

I'm willing to admit that it could have been what I ordered...had I ordered something besides one little chicken breast and an anemic salad, I may feel differently about this place. And if, in the future, my opinion changes, then I'll ammend my review...but for now, 3 stars it is.
Went here w/ a couple of co-workers yesterday and about 2 weeks ago, for lunch. Food is good, their pastas are yummy, sandwiches are good too... prices... eh.. they could be lower. The service is fast, no wait staff to deal with or tip. The prices are not less than $7 as someone else mentioned in their review. Be prepared to spend $10-13 for your lunch. Good thing I pack the 4 of the 5 work days!
For some reason, I always worry that 3-stars is a bad thing. It's not, really. Just an indication that it's good but not great. 

Foccacia Fiorentina represents this philosophy, to me. While I've not had a bad pizza here, they do require thinking ahead enough to call in my order before I walk over, thus maximizing my lunch hour. But if I'm just walking around looking for something to jump out at me, not such a good thing. Such was the case for my most recent visit to FF. Pressed for time, I decided on two pasta dishes--one a creamy cheese and mushroom sauce, the other a balsamic vinegar mixed with fresh basil, tomatoes and mozzarella. Individually, they sound very good. But the reality fell short of my expectations. Maybe if I'd gotten them in separate containers it would have felt differently about my meal. 

I'll stick to pizzas in the future.
Went for lunch recently.  It was just ok.  The panini was fairly unremarkable and the side of penne vodka was kind of bland too, with just a hint of spice.  It wasn't all that cheap, either.  I guess it's ok, but Cafe Roma over in Arizona Center is a better alternative for this kind of quick, casual Italian.
I wanted to love this place. I really, really did but really, really didn't love it. I didn't even like it that much. We took some friends there for lunch today and by the looks of the food, it seemed so promising. It is a casual spot where the food it pretty much pre-prepared and being heated in the windows at the counter. This restaurant has pizza, salads, pasta, sandwiches, and baked goods. I ordered one of the specials, chicken parmesan with a side of penne alla vodka. The chicken was so bland that I felt like I was eating boiled chicken. As my husband put it, it tasted like diet food but without the benefits of diet food because of the breading. The pasta was also weirdly bland and spicy. The spicy part really surprised me because I have never had it spicy. My husband had the penne alla campagna (1/2) and another (1/2) penne dish that we can't remember. His were slightly better than mine but not by much. It is sad that the best part of the meal was the pepperoni pizza we bought for kids. Would I go there again? Probably not. For 4 adults and 2 kids, we spent $65 which I find disappointing for an extremely mediocre meal. I suppose for people that work close by (it is downtown at Central and Adams), it is a nice convenience but if I wanted Italian food, I'd probably choose Pasta Bar.
My wife and I were downtown with some friends, and decided to check this place out. I ordered a pasta lunch, and chose Penne Alla Campagna and another penne with tomatoes and Mozzarella. Meh, it was just okay. The food was just okay, kind of bland and a bit overpriced. I did snag a small slice of pepperoni pizza from one of the kids at our table that was actually the best part of my meal. Would I go back, nope no sir
Survived my second morning of class and chose this place for lunch.   At 11:30 we were the only group dining in and we got all six of our sandwiches in less than 10 minutes.  I had the Fattoria sandwich and it was delicious, but a half sandwich would have been more than adequate.  If I worked in downtown Phoenix this place would definitely be a part of my regular lunch rotation.
I'm working downtown now (new themed list to come soon!) so I'm exploring the area from a different angle. I'm no stranger to downtown/midtown's happy hour and dinner spots, but I've never had to go out and search for breakfast or lunch during the day. 

I checked out Focaccia one morning when I hadn't had breakfast yet at the recommendation of my husband, Myles M, who works right around the corner. He said I should order the breakfast burrito, so I did, because he's pushy and I always do what I'm told. Ok, neither of things are true, but in this case, he had conviction and I obediently complied. 

The breakfast burrito was worth every penny. Being a somewhat recent convert to pescetarianism, I got it with egg whites (cool that they had that option), spinach, green salsa and potatoes. The woman behind the counter made it up right there on the grill and it was warm and delicious. The potatoes were skin-on which gave them a great texture and flavor. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the green salsa had a great kick. 

The hot coffee from the carafe I got to accompany it was airplane-quality, but next time, I'll just grab something from Cartel on the way back to my office. God knows the burrito alone will be enough to keep me coming back to Focaccia.
Focaccia Fiorentina, it sounds like a string of italian curse words but it tastes like a gift from the heavens...

I went down here with Melissa because I had purchased a $2 coupon from that online place (wink wink) that let us buy $35 worth of food for only $10. Needless to say, after all the restrictions of the coupon (minimum 2 people, dine-in only), we had enough food for an italian army! Still, it only cost $10 and I was hungry!

I got the #3 sandwich which had Genoa Salami, Moz, Tomatoes, on (you guessed it) Focaccia bread (pardon my french, er... italian). She got the #6 which had Turkey, and a bunch of other stuff that I can't remember.  We also ordered the Penne (something) Vodka.  You know you're an alcoholic when all you remember is the vodka part! Oh, and a large greek salad. Finally, we passed our $35 minimum and we sat down with all this food.

People were staring at us all hateful like we stole this food from ethiopians or something! Geez! I didn't know there was a law against ordering this much food. We weren't going to eat it all there, I promise! We got boxes! Yes, Plural!

The food was great, the lady that greeted us, not so much. We must have interrupted her break, because she was giving me the stink eye. Yes, can I order the #3? Ugh! Did you see that?!?!

Why is it that Italians have the best of everything? The tastiest sandwiches, the tastiest pasta, the tastiest bread, the tastiest men... ahem, sorry. got carried away.  But its true! Everything about italy is awesome. Pizza! Anyway, this place has pizzas too. Maybe next time!
Another one of my favorite lunchtime spots in downtown. Not exactly an inexpensive lunch, yet reasonable for the quality of the food. 

The Focaccia bread for the sandwiches has a great crust and is soft and chewy inside and the ingredients are fresh. My favorite sandwiches are the Rimpolla (#9) and the Classico (#1). The fresh basil, sweet tomato, creamy mozzarella, and salty prosciutto on the #1 is a delicious combination. And the sun dried tomatoes, shaved red onion, and turkey on the #9 are fabulous. 

As far as pastas go, they have a few to choose from. The vodka pasta is my favorite. The light tomato cream sauce with a kick of spice is spectacular. Focaccia also has pizzas, salads, daily specials and they are even open for breakfast. I haven't tried the breakfast yet, however, I picked up a menu today and was impressed with all of the options. I can't wait to go back. 

I love to get a 1/2 sandwich and small pasta combo. In addition to the quality of the food described above, I like this combo because it is the perfect size workday lunch. While at first, the portions on this combo meal may appear small when you see everyone else getting a huge bowl of pasta, the proof is at the end of the meal. 

Everyone else is unbuttoning to top button of their pants and in severe need of a nap from the amount of food they consumed, while my pants are just fine and I am perfectly alert and ready to return to work to finish my day with the lingering thoughts of my luscious lunch.

One more thing about the combo, save a piece of the bread from your sandwich to sop of the yummy vodka sauce from the pasta!!
Good, average food at your typical downtown lunch joint.
I work in downtown central Phoenix and I've been going to Focaccia every morning for their french toast. It is delicious, and apparently addictive. Beware! The french toast comes with bacon or ham and a couple pieces of fruit for $5.25, which I consider a fair deal. I've also had their pizzas and they're very good as well.
It took Chris T.'s ROTD to remind me that I have eaten here more than once. Working just down the street, when I forget to bring my lunch I wander the streets for a bit wondering where to go or fall back to Baja as my trusty standby.  Now on at least 2 occasions I have chosen Focaccia Fiorentina.  On one visit I had one of their cream based pastas with penne.  This was quite tasty and the portion was more than enough for lunch.  The second time I found myself here, I ordered up their half pizza special with a drink for @ $6.  Now it sounds larger than it is.  My coworkers usually find they like a full pizza plus a salad for a lunch meal. Having the choice between the pepperoni or the pizza of the day, buffalo chicken, I chose the buffalo chicken.   (Not recommended for those prone to heartburn).   
The food is good, not stellar as is the service.  It is a worthy lunch time downtown stop.
Focaccia Fiorentina is a great place to eat downtown. It's usually really quick to get through the line, quick cafeteria style serving, and lots of indoor air conditioned seating. Really yummy pasta - which sucks for someone who is gluten free, but really great when you want to cheat! I like the Penne al Vodka, but there's a ton of choices. There's always a special - usually chicken - and they're pretty friendly here as well. You can always get to-go as well. 

Just be careful, they serve rolls with every meal. It's a carb fest, but it's yummy and quick working downtown!
Meh:  Go there because work is near by.  I think the food is over priced but dependable.  The pastas are the best best or the sandwich by itself.  Don't make the mistake of ordering a side of pasta which will net you a smallish cup (amounting to two forkfulls of pasta) for like four bucks.  Okay for a quick work bite.
Nice lunch spot right in downtown. They do serve breakfast now as well, and i hear it is really good too.   A lot of seating, few tv's and large windows to downtown people watch as well. Quick service and a nice variety in their menu too. You got pizza, calzones, salads, pasta and of course focaccia sandwiches. You can also do 1/2 orders with your sandwich and get a side of a pasta the normal order comes with your choice of chips and drink.I tried the Caprese sandwich and it was pretty good, i loved the fresh ingredients ( reason for the 4th star). My sandwich was just over $10, but the fresh ingredients again were worth it. My peeps that accompanied me enjoyed their pasta as well with no complaints. 

Chill, relax environment which on your lunch hour is just what you need sometimes.
Looking for good pizza downtown?  Good luck.  I got excited when I noticed Focaccia sold pizza. Went in, menu shows prices for whole pizzas, no slices. 1-item, $8.  I asked if they had slices.  No, but they do sell 1/2 pizzas.  Ok, I'll take it.  $8.47.  Right.  .47 cents to cut it in half.  Comes with a salad, if it makes you feel any better.  By the way, most frozen pizza is better.  I won't be back.
I've had lunch here twice and have really enjoyed the food. My first visit I got the rimpolla sandwich and it was tasty (and enough to bring half home for later). Yesterday I had the penne alla vodka and it was good. Nice and spicy which I wasn't quite expecting. But me likee. I also tasted the rigatoni alla fiorentina and it was light and creamy. The fiance added a meatball and it was yummy. 

I'll be back but I wish they served wine. What... it's a lunch only spot? ....Oh. Well... I'd still like some wine. It' not like it's illegal to have wine with lunch! :p
One of my favorite go- to spots in downtown. I WISH THEY WERE OPEN AT NIGHT!!! Please note, they are only open M-F for the lunch crowd. 

The pastas are AMAZING, I especially like the vinegar pasta! I am actually having them cater my wedding this year.
We were really hoping this would be a great place.  It may be, but unfortunately, they forgot our order and we sat in a mostly empty restaurant for about 45 minutes wondering what happened to our sandwiches.  Ended up leaving hungry because we couldn't stay any longer.  They did credit us back for the entire meal, so that was good.  Maybe we'll try again??
I wanted to like this place. I am always hesitant of the "downtown lunch places".  It is nice inside and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  The three cheese calzone was absolutely disgusting. No self-respecting restaurant should serve something that bad and be able to sleep at night.  

The pasta on other people's table looked good.  I may give them another chance and try that.  But if you are capable of something that awful, it makes you wonder.
Overpriced cafeteria food.
I work downtown, and this place is one of the few places to eat that offer quality food on a tight time frame.  The prices are reasonable, too.
Ever since the job moved downtown, I've been excited for lunch.  Sooooo many places to try.  Recently, I've had equal excitement over breakfast.
This is mainly due to finding this place.

I've tried the Low Carb Omelete w/chorizo, and their special - turkey, tomato, basil, egg whites and some kind of cheese on focaccia.  

I was not expecting to be satisfied whatsoever with the omelet, only getting it cause I was trying to be "good".  The thing was awesome.  Hmm, I can't remember EVERYTHING that was on it, but just remember that the chorizo went together really nicely with the fluffy omelet, and whatever else was on it made it a perfect tasting deal.  The fluffiness of it was my favorite part.  Really well made.  Enough to make me declare that at least a twice a week breakfast for me going forward.

My next visit I had that sandwich, which isn't on the menu but found on their board outside.  Now this..this right here....oh man.  Maybe because I never had focaccia before.  Maybe because I'm really easy to please when it comes to sandwiches.  Or maybe because it was just friggin delicious.  The basil and garlic together with whatever cheese on there and those fresh tomatos...that right there is enough to make me love it.  But then the fluffy egg and the thin slices of turkey give it a...solidness.  I dunno, it just all comes together and the flavor is just stupid good.  

Now the first time I went in, I saw a big vat of bacon.  Next to that was a big vat of potatoes.  I ordered a side of potatoes with my lo-carb omelet (yeah there went the whole lo-carb thing) and the lady noted my admiration of the bacon and threw in a slice:)  That alone made me wanna come back for the 2nd visit.  Then after tasting the potatoes, it made me know this would be a regular place for breakfast.  Right across from Starbucks so I can call my order in and get coffee while I'm waiting.  Perfect.  Plus the people are friendly here.  I also like that they don't turn on all the lights early in the morning, making it a nice place for someone like me to eat breakfast in - I'm NOT a morning person and don't like bright lights and bright people at 6am.

The prices are fine with me.  I had to give up being cheap ever since the job moved downtown.  If you can get full for under $7, I consider that great.  And here you can.  I think both times I paid about that much.  

I see a lot of the bad reviews are for lunch items.  I'll have to see what the deal is on that end of things.  But if you're hungry at 6:30 and like flavorful food, I'd suggest this place.  So far they are pretty darn awesome.
This review is for the food available at the Phoenix Airport.  I had the Classico.  It was served on rosemary focaccia bread with olive oil, fresh basil, tomatoes, mozzerella and nice quality spicy proscuitto.  It was a very tasty sandwich.  Not soggy at all, which many pre wrapped sandwiches tend to do.  The Chicken Milano salad with corn, hearts of palm, bell peppers, shredded carrots, grilled chicken looked fresh and tasty.  I could not believe I was seeing airport food.  I highly recommend.  If I am in town I would for sure go to their main location.
Fabu morning food. Good coffee. Fair prices. Quick service. Real nice people.
The pasta was good, the staff was overly friendly but it took a while to get my food since everything is made fresh. I had a sandwich with eggplant, mozz, and tomatoes and the rigatoni special. If you are in a hurry just order the pasta from the window and you should be fine but I didn't. Fairly high priced which is my main reason to rate it 3 stars and the wait time.
I just wish I had used a coupon at this place.  I would probably had rated it at 4 stars, because for a walk up and order spot, this place is pretty pricey.

I had the Classic salad, my wife had the cheesy pasta and both of my boys shared a small pizza.  With a couple of drinks the bill was $35.  The food was pretty tasty, but the pizza and pasta were pretty small.

I felt like we over paid by about $9.  So I would return, but with a coupon.
the breakfast burritos are amazing.  at an italian restaurant?  yup!  i literally eat there every weekday!  they do one or two burritos- get two and share- it's only $1.50 more.
The potatos are delicious- i get an egg, potato, bacon, ham and cheese burrito then walk over to starbucks for a coffee frapacino- the best breakfast combo ever!!  do not miss this place!  the line gets long on friday mornings but it moves really quickly.
There 2 burritos or wraps or whatever for 5 bucks is a really great deal, I almost always get it when I don't have breakfast with me. It's ham, egg, cheese and mushroom but I take it without the ham and one for the day I order and I eat the second the next morning leaving it at the fridge in the office...it's still really tasty.
Start your day here! Really it's that good :) Delivery is also available!
I've had a lot of good food here: breakfast burritos, sandwiches, salads, pasta. Never had a bad meal and everything is reasonably priced, especially for downtown. I recommend a half sandwich with side (pasta or salad). The half sandwich is really the size of a whole, plus you get variety with the pasta or salad. Best of both worlds.
This is my new breakfast go to.   They are open and ready at 6am.   I love the staff here bright and cheery at 6am is not easy.   Their  2 for $5 breakfast burritos are killer.  They are different as they are more like an omelette in a tortilla .   My next comment is to be taken with extreme caution!!!!    Their Brownies and cinnamon rolls are addictive.   I can take or leave brownies.   First they are huge and first bite is an explosion of brownie heaven.    If you are in the dog house with your wife;  forget the flowers!  Get her a brownie from this place and its a sure shot winner winner chicken dinner.    Their sandwiches are good also.
The food is good.  But i'm always missing something when from my order.  They always remember to charge for a side or something else but fail to include it.  This was the last time Im going here.  This has happened to many times.
got to try this place twice; once for breakfast and once for lunch. the food was good..but not sure if it was worth the price.

breakfast - this was actually pretty cheap. ordered a chorizo breakfast burrito and a fruit cup. the burrito was good, a bit too salty though.  the fruit was surprisingly, really fresh!

lunch- i spent like $20 one 1 sandwich, a side salad, and a tiny side of pasta. did not think it was really worth it. plus, if you're hitting the lunch rush, be prepared to wait. didnt think i'd have to wait 15 minutes for a sandwich, side salad and pasta. mind you, the salad and pasta were already pre-made.
Solid 3 star joint.  No complaints about the food - it is tasty but not impressive.  The meatball sandwich is just massive, pasta creamy and filling.  All Served cafeteria style

I really only have two issues with this place:
1.  They close on the early side at 2pm and always seem to be out of something either pizza, bread, meatballs, pasta, etc.

2. Seems to be a dollar or two pricier than a number of other available options for lunch in the area (ie. 9 or 10 dollars versus 6, 7 , 8 at other places).

I'd come here more often but usually choose to save a couple bucks instead.

Need to try their breakfast still.
My cousin rented this place out the day before yesterday for a dinner after her wedding rehearsal. It was magnificent. 

I spoke with the owner and she was very nice. The service was EXCELLENT. The food was very good and everyone had a great time. I tried many of their pizzas and their salad. The pizzas were being cooked fresh and nobody left hungry. The bride and groom were very pleased with presentation, service and a good time was had by all.

I would like to say that parking downtown is difficult during sports events, so plan on parking in a paid lot or VERY far away during a game.

I would highly recommend this place for any occasion. 

A special thanks to the owners for making this dinner so special for my family.
$11 for a "1/2 sandwich" (which was more like a while sandwich) & side pasta or salad.  Wide variety of both & quality was excellent.  Highly recommend for a local, non-chain lunch experience.
2 for $5 classic breakfast burrito with bacon, cannot beat that and they're so damn good. Great way to start off your morning. I've heard their lunch isn't half bad I'll have to check it out one of these days.
Love this place! my usual go to item is the pasta with vodkas sauce? i think thats what it is called! very nice employees! and i also like the pizza they serve. All pre made items.
Poor service! I asked them to grill the burrito. The lady at the counter said they did not have time to grill it! I told her I wasn't in a rush. She just looked at me unapologetic and simply said "we don't have time". You have lost my business, maybe that will give you some time.
The food was at best mediocre and the service was slow even though it was completely empty.  Not recommended.  Masala Bay on Regina and Erb has much better Indian food.
I have to agree, service was slow despite how desolate the restaurant. Food was good and service is extra polite. The workers at this restaurant are very very humble. I believe the food is cooked fresh, so this is a huge positive, compared to so many buffet style restaurants. It also explains the longer than usual wait times.
I have a friend that likes to come here for lunch on a regular basis, and I will tag along from time to time.  It's a small Indian restaurant with a great eat-in lunch menu that includes soup and rice or naan.

The issue I have with this place is the inconsistency in the service and the quality of the food.  Sometimes the food is great and the service is fast.  Other times it seems that you have the service very slow and you have to ask for every single little thing, which seems to just annoy them and make the service even slower.

Also, although the lunch specials are a reasonable price (although the portion can be a bit on the small side), the dinner pricing is pretty expensive for what you get.
Nice little restaurant with great service. We had no problem with time, but we did let them know that we planned to be out the door in half an hour after ordering. Got our food in 15 minutes. Bit pricey for lunch.

$5.50 lunch special that they sometimes advertise on a sign outside is a decontented lunch special you probably won't order (soup, green salad, naan).... the majority of the other lunch specials are $7.50 to $8.50 in price.

I don't eat spicy food, and I found the "Medium" in the Chicken Mushroom Curry ($7.50) to be not spicy at all.

Watch out for the upsell. Particularly things like "Did you want any Naan?" because it does cost extra.
This is my favourite place ever!!  EVER!!  

The food is amazing and fresh ALL the time.  You can get anything you ever wanted here.  My fav option are the sandwiches (smoked salmon) but you can also get the best packaged sushi that I have ever had in North America.  They have amazing fresh pasta, cheese, endless desserts and more!  I went at least once a day when I lived in Waterloo and go there every time that I go back to visit friends.  It's usually packed around dinner time and the weekends but it is SO SO worth the wait.

You will not be disappointed, I've introduced so many people to this place and they like me are so addicted!!!  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars :)
I live in Vancouver,  there isn't an Italian deli as good as this one.  A+ selection of cheeze, meats and everything Italian.
It's my second last day in Waterloo, and I realized I haven't had a chance to write about Vincenzo's just yet.  I went here today with a friend of mine to grab myself a sandwich. Usually, I go at odd hours, and never at lunch.  I did not realize how many people were there.  Vincenzo's is a little market with amazing fine foods.

I haven't had a chance to try the fresh foods at Vincenzo's, but I would definitely recommend the sandwiches.  I got myself a smoked salmon sandwich on a panini.  It was absolutely delicious.  A condiment that my friend always suggest is the pesto-mayo.

The desserts look amazing too - but I've never tried it before.  Will definitely have to come back again when I come back to visit!
I wish I found out about this place earlier! My main reason was going was for the macarons - 75 cents for one, pretty good price and beautiful looking.  But you get it served in a paper bag so presentation isn't too fancy lol.  The flavours seemed a bit funky though (rose, lilac, jasmine....?). I would have liked some more "typical" macaron flavours such as pistachio lol.  They had a total of 5 flavours available when I went during the evening.

I was also surprised by the dessert selection - SOOO much dessert, all looked amazing and they were quite affordable. (Maybe $2-4 on average for a small single serving). There are also a TON of cakes ranging from $12 for a really small one to upwards of $25 - for the money you pay for cakes elsewhere, this seems like a really good value because it looks soo much prettier than your average cake. =)

There's also a lot of food/groceries, but I didn't go there for that, so I'll just save that for another time. There was an unbelievable selection of various types of CHEESE and bread and meats.  I did get a small container of tuna pasta salad, which seems kind of pricey for the small container you get ($1.55 or so for 100 grams) but it actually does fill you up. 

The location has street parking and is in a nice area (uptown Waterloo) so definitely worth a visit. : ) Also easy to reach via GRT, and even walkable from campus on a nice day.
Vincenzo's was a shock to me. I went to my hometown for some family time and was taken to this fantastically stocked fine foods store. I am always on the hunt for specific items, my current obsession is Ligurian olive oil, a sometimes difficult to find item. Vincenzo's had three brands in a range of prices. Quite amazing. They have a large prepared foods and bakery area, with a sandwich bar I would recommend highly. I would dare to say that Vincenzo's is better than 98% of the fine foods stores in Toronto.
The BEST Sandwiches in Southern Ontario!!

I was introduced to Vincenzo's by a friend who took me here for a fresh deli sandwich and let me tell you, their sandwiches DO NOT disappoint.

Picture an Italian panini, with fresh brie, a generous serving of shaved roasted red pepper chicken, artichoke caponata, olive taponade, pesto mayo, fresh crunchy cucumbers, and ripe flavourful bruchetta.

These sandwiches are the best I have ever eaten! 

You get to choose your bread, meat, cheese, toppings and sauces. All of their ingredients are fresh as can be and full of flavour.

They have an impressive cheese selection, an impressive deli meat selection, they make a wide assortment of fresh foods like somasas, quiches, pastas, etc. They also sell all the standard things you'd expect to find in an Italian grocer like oils and vinegars, and crackers, fresh bread, pasta, and  sauces.

I don't think I can recommend this place highly enough. If you haven't checked this place out already, I recommend you get off your chair, and head over immediately!!

I have yet to find a place this good in Toronto, and am skeptical I'll be able to.

***TIP: All students take note, my friend and I use to share a single sandwich between the two of us, they are that large and it makes this gourmet sandwich VERY affordable on a student budget.***
They have macarons for 89 cents each! 
The size is quite small (about 4cm in diameter - yes I'm a math student), but they are imported from France and tasted just heavenly. 
I personally do not like macarons that are too sweet so theirs is just right for me. I also love the fact that they don't store them in a cooler (although that seems to be the "right" way to do it).
Other things they sell include a really wide selection of fine foods, European cookies and sweets, all kinds of cheeses, sandwiches, Asian grocery...I could easily walk out of that store with a $200 bill! I'm sure everyone can find something they like in there.
Now, this is a bit of a rant...but their cashiers are so not friendly. Very impatient people. I remember when they were at the old location on Union street it wasn't like this. What happened?
This place is WINNING!

Finally made it out to Vincenzo's and felt like a little kid in a candy store. I was seriously OOOHing and AHHing at everything. 

This place has so many products, an assortment of yummy treats and desserts (Macarons - YES!), and the sandwiches...OMG the sandwiches. They are the BEST sandwiches I've EVER HAD!

My husband and I were totting along our two little ones so we pretty much had to get in and get out, but believe me, with a place like that I could have easily spent the better part of my day there.  

There's just no way I can go to Waterloo without making a stop to Vincenzo's from here on out.
I first started frequenting this place back in 2002 when it was still located in Belmont Village. I only ever went to this place for their sandwiches, which they have become famous for in the KW area. Whenever asked about my favourite sandwich I would always refer to the variety of toppings that I could select from at this place. 

I was first introduced to artichoke caponata at Vincenzo's as a sandwich topping, and very quickly the artichoke caponata spread that they make so well has become a favourite spread not only for sandwiches but also for crackers or on top of slices of baguette. There is no other art-cap, as many refer to it, like Vincenzo's. For me, they also made pesto-mayo a sandwich "must-have". What a simple topping, but also what a flavourful combination. I've tried to replicate at home, but I just haven't gotten the proper consistency. To add a kick of spice to their sandwiches they also offer the Bomb. The bomb is a nice and spicy taponade that they serve as a sandwich spread. While I am not also up for the spice, when I am, this sure does the trick. Be careful though, its really spicy! 

When it comes to actual toppings, they have your typical sandwich toppings like lettuce, tomato, cucumber, green pepper, black olives, onions, pickles, hot peppers, and bruschetta, but to set themselves apart from many other sandwich places around town they offer fancier toppings (at an additional cost of 25 cents) which include but are not limited to, artichokes, sundried tomatoes, and roasted eggplant. When it comes to meats and cheeses, if you want it, they've got it. They provide a list of meats and cheeses to choose from, but they also have an expansive selections of meats and cheeses not on their board, that if you see at the deli counter you can request on your sandwich. While their sandwiches have gone up in price, they still sit around the $5 mark and are well worth the money!

This place does not only offer sandwiches though. They have a hot food counter, a salad bar, a desserts and pastries counter, as well as a sushi bar. The sushi is made in house and is not bad. 

This place is also a grocery store, which offers a wide variety of products that you will not find at your local supermarket. While the prices on some of grocery items are more than a local supermarket would offer, the quality you are receiving is reflected in the price. They have some fantastic fresh pasta which comes frozen and you order by the gram. They also have some fantastic breads to choose from in their bakery section. On your way out, if you are leaving through the back (where there is seating to eat your food) they also have a gelato counter and little cafe. They make great coffee here. 

There is nothing bad I can say about this place. Whenever I am in Waterloo I make it a must to stop here and either grab a quick sandwich or some other food selection. Beware, I am not the only one who likes this place, and it has become quite the hot spot in Waterloo, so make sure you give yourself some time when you go!
Excellent selection of European and local products. Sandwiches are very popular, great organic produce, exceptional deli selection. 

I buy all my meat from the Bauer Butcher inside Vincenzo's, locally sourced and incredibly flavorful.

They even carry the Dutch cookies I grew up on. I don't know what I'd do without Vincenzo's!
Located in the heart of Uptown Waterloo, Vincenzo's is a local favorite!  They have all sorts of high quality ingredients for making a delicious italian feast! I have been to a few different italian markets, but Vincenzo's has a much larger, more quality selection. You can also buy ready made food such as lasagna and meatballs, among other things, as well as made to order sandwiches. I had a smoked salmon sandwich (as another yelper had suggested) on panini bread with pesto, onions, cucumbers, and some green pepper. It tasted very fresh and delicious. They also have a cafe inside as well. Definitely go here if you are in town!
Vincenzo's is grocery store, sandwich place, bakery, and also a cafe. It's a good mix and performs well all around. I'm simply going to review a few of the services since there are many. I've had plenty of sandwiches and have had coffee there  about twice. If you're into coffee, they made a solid cappuccino but I would have a few more to really give a fair impression.

Grocery store/bakery:

Now when I say grocery store, this is not your typical supermarket. It's got tons of options, many fresh and many imported from Europe. If you're looking for a specific cheese, they'll probably have it. They even have Queso Fresco, which is a rarity (try it on Pizza). You need olives, there's an abundance of selection including fresh olives (low sodium), which is also rare. Same goes for bread, meat, fish, clams, shrimp (keeping in mind, we are inland),  spices, bottled/canned goods from Europe, and plenty of other things that I've omitted. The only section that doesn't have a ton of options is the fruits and vegetables but if you're really picky about this kind of thing best to go to a market. Also, before I forget, the fresh pasta and raviolis are excellent. Well worth getting fresh the stuff over the dry options IMO.

The store is incredibly well staffed. It's actually impressive how much staff works there. Also, the staff is quite knowledgeable and most seem to be foodies. If you have any questions, they can usually answer them with specific recommendations.  Unless you're waiting for a sandwich or pasta at a peak time (lunch), the service is very quick.

Now the only negative I have of Vincenzo's grocery shopping is because it's got such an awesome selection of delicious food, you might overspend a bit but at least you know you're getting quality and service. 

Sandwich counter: 

this is almost  a separate business from the grocery store since many people do come in just for lunch. It is very good. There is a great selection (just like the store) for everything you'd like to put in the sandwich starting with the bread and ending with toppings (Artichoke Caponata, Sun Dried Tomato Caponata, Bruschetta among others) . I find that you end up making your sandwich differently because of the choices, which makes it much less repetitive than going to subway. Also, the sandwiches are very well priced. I would highly recommend going here instead of Subway or other chains.

Pasta Counter (Thursdays only):

I haven't personally experienced the pasta but my friend really enjoyed the dish that was made for him. There is a selection of meat, shrimp or chicken, then sauces and vegetables, with some delicious sauces (pesto, tomato, cream-based, etc). This is cooked on a stove in front of you. Like the sandwiches, the pasta dishes are well priced. The only negative is that the line can be long for this counter, which will take a while so try to go with a friend to keep you company.

Hot counter:

There is also a hot counter, which I have yet to sample but it also looks quite good. I'll update once I try it out.
Is this a grocery store, sandwich deli, gelato shop, bakery or cafe? Yeah, Its all of them! 

This is not the type of grocery store you go to just to do a quick run down of your weekly shopping list. You come here to have fun, check out the products in the different sections, and aisles. This is the best buy of food stores. Its the kind of store that you throw on a crisp pair of jeans and fresh polo for. You feel all fancy because you are about to confront words like Ciabatta, Capers, Prosciutto; Of course I have very little idea what these things are. Okay, It was my first time here and I was just excited about all the different sauces, cheese, fish, desert etc...

As soon as you walk Into the store it smells like smoked meat; Damn delicious smoked meat! Its a little confusing at first, because in front you are tall shelves full of bread dips and more soy sauces then I cared to count.  Behind is a rack of biscottis and wafers. If you manage to get through these two aisles without having your hands full then you can head on to the sandwich counter to get yourself a delicious meal.

On your way to the sandwich counter you'll be welcomed by the smell of cheese, pasta with an overlay of bread! It is important to add Om nom nom  at this point in the review.

So once you get to the sandwich counter, you pick your cold cut, your bread, toppings and sauces. There is a decent amount of choice for each item and the sandwich is crunchy and delicious. They also have a hot serve section which was closed since it was past 7.

Grab your sandwich and head over to the cafe/gelato side and there are a few tables that you can enjoy your meal at.

Overall the store seemed reasonably priced and definitely an interesting place to shop.
Phenomenal sandwiches perfect for a quick lunch or dinner.
This is the one stop shopping experience for all epicureans. They have a little bit of everything here. Hundreds of cheeses, meats, olive oils, vinegars & hard to find ingredients for virtually all types and styles of cuisine.

Apart from the grocery angle there is also a butcher, small produce area, fish monger and sushi bar. 

They also serve food which includes custom made sandwiches, pizzas, daily specials, espresso and gelato. What's not to love?

Vincenzo's is now in it's third incarnation in Waterloo. It has moved to this location in the last couple of years and it is a nice improvement. I miss the charm of the last store, but the improvement in space allows for even more exotic goodies.

As always I look forward to my next adventure to Vincenzo's!
I have been grabbing meals from Vincenzo's hot counter for a couple of years now to serve small meetings and coworkers pulling extra long shifts. They are just as affordable as most burger joints, but their selection of great food and fabulous quality definitely set them apart, and they are a far healthier option, too!
As seen from the many reviews on this place, it is a gem for Waterloo.  It's quite rare to find a place that has high quality unique items from Europe in GTA suburbia ... let alone from the KW area!  This place feels like the UN consortium for food.  It has a bit of everything.  It has a deli, butcher, cheesemonger (is that even a word? if so, what a great word), savoury and sweet sauces and condiments, seafood, hot plate area, cafe, gelato (!!), groceries, and baked goods. I've been here for lunch a few times and I will say that their foods is not as good as the actual store area but it's still a delightful place for Waterloo.

I first came here for lunch and didn't expect a great little retail store as well.  I ordered a sandwich at first and to be fair, the menu sounded a lot better than the execution.  I had the smoked chicken sandwich on a calabrese bun with their 'famous' artichoke caponata and various veggies.  I think for the price, it is fair but it just wasn't as flavourful as it was described to me by the person behind the counter.  I was salivating at the idea of the artichoke caponata as she explained it to me as a beautiful savoury creamy blend of roasted nutty vegetable flavour.  To me, the spread was just a lightly flavoured mayo.

I also headed to baked good areas and grabbed my favourite baked treat... MACARONS!  These were very reasonably priced for minis.  It was less than $1 a piece.  I was thrilled... until I ate it.  The texture of these were far from meringue like and they were heavy like a brick butter cookie.  Upon discovering this, I asked if they were baked recently and found these were frozen in Europe and imported over and defrosted months later here... ugh. Save yourself the trouble and do not buy these!  I also got a tiramisu here and for $5 it was a bit pricey.  I would hope an Italian place would do tiramisu well but this was a disappoint as well.  It tasted only of sugary whip cream and not even marscapone cheese and espresso.  

The cheese area brought back me to delighted stage.  I found so many great cheeses including real imported GOP buffalo mozzarella.  With the price at $6, I found it very reasonable for authentic GOP.  I also bought some GOP aged balsamic vinegar and it was phenomenal.  For $10, I got a lovely syrupy sweet and acidic black liquid gold that is perfect for grilled chicken.

Service is personable, quick, and friendly!  Overall, the food counters are bit of a miss but the grocery area is wonderful!
The breads, prepared foods, and cheeses are definitely worth checking out. If you're hungry, they make very good sandwiches. Vincenzo's carries a lot of specialty items, but sometimes one can find the more common items much cheaper at a regular grocery store.
I am always really happy when I visit, they usually have random things like salmon roe and sanganaki cheese, or like 10 different kind of salts.

They have grass fed beef, but it's not always the freshest, really depends on your luck. But when they have a meat sale, then usually it's much fresher.
This place is amazing. Soo much to choose from. Love the hot sauce section. The cheese section is unreal. And they will let you try anything. Overall a really great store
Vincenzo's started out as a restaurant supply store, so it's amazing to see they've expanded into a larger location to serve the new (and growing) uptown Waterloo crowd. I love their fresh cheese and meats selection.  Along with their in-store baked breads, you can pick your own meat, cheese, and bun and they'll make it for you to go.  Best of all, I love their cold pasta salads, especially the one with olive oil, pesto, roasted tomatoes, and feta cheese.  Their dessert selection is also outstanding.  Whether you're looking for a specific ingredient for a dinner, or a quick bite to eat, Vincenzo's is a great treat!
Very food food. A excellent place for a quick bite. Service is excellent as usual.
I like to just walk around the store and look at all the cool food items (think black and white bow tie pasta). It's a lot of fun to spend a bit of money to try out some cool snacks or new cooking materials. 

My only complaint is that the desserts are too sweet. Some people might like it but I appreciate more subtle flavors.
I just visited today because we were looking for some sashimi grade salmon for homemade sashimi. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the fish and the fact that they carry wasabi to go with it.  The gelato I had was good but too sweet for my liking. 

For waterloo, this place is great considering there really isn't any competitors that offer the same selection of hard to find/exotic cooking ingredients. If you are from Toronto, this store is exactly the same concept/selection as Pusateri's but at a much more reasonable price point. 

The only complaint is that the store could be less crowded and had more navigation because i got lost walking around a few times. 

Bonus points for carrying gelato, macaroons, free samples and kefir!
The customer service has been really poor lately. From some checkout cashiers insisting on giving the receipt to others asking for receipt when you exit even with one bakery item to sloppily made "made to order" items, its just going downhill. It almost seems like they don't care about their customers.
Vincenzo's is the best grocery store in Waterloo.  It's not the kind of place where you can go and get everything you need, but it's the place to go if you need the highest quality foods, especially meats, fish, cheese, veggies, etc.  I've had sandwiches at the cafe a few times and they were also excellent.  Very tasty desserts too.
The best cheese/deli selection in Southern Ontario!!!

I have yet to find a better place that carry better selection of deli and cheese than Vincenzo's!!  Those famous grocery stores (Pusateri's, McEvan in Toronto) do not even come close!  

The reason I like this place so much is, i can always get a few slices of different things and the staff never give me a face!!!!!  Whereas in other places, 4 slices of this and 4 slices of that will probably get some insults immediately.

Too bad I don't live in Waterloo anymore so I can only come visit once in a while.....
Your taste buds will thank you, your wallet may not (but it's SO worth it!)
Amazing selection of fresh meat, cheeses, and a variety of desserts. If you're a fan of spices, they have everything that you're looking for! Specialty items that normal grocery stores don't carry because they are not in high demand... you know you will find them here :)

Very good selection of anything that you're looking for. They also have a cute cafe area where you can enjoy the food you've purchased along with a coffee, a nice dessert, or even gelato. I should also mention their sandwich bar is awesome. All this at a reasonable price. Why wouldn't anyone shop here?
Pricey and a bland menu.  I had their mango salad and it was very, very bad.
Had this review sitting in my drafts for over almost a year. I still remember my disappointment with this restaurant even after all this time. Besides the atmosphere and spacious outdoor seating, I was rather disappointed. The food is overpriced yet manages to under-deliver. I also found the service to be perfunctory.

If you must eat Thai food in the sun, then this will suffice. That said, if you want good Thai, go elsewhere.
Tastefully decorated, it feels a bit pricey for what you get but I find it's competent.  I've been here a few times and most recently today for lunch (I've only ever come here for lunch).  It's not that large of a restaurant though it has a nice deck during the summer.  

They haven't changed their menu in the last 2-3 years since I've eaten here - and the specials have stayed the same though I think the prices have risen.  There are 4 specials at $13.99 - and I typically have the Spinning Noodles (their version of Pad Thai) with Chicken and a Mango Salad (note that it's not a Green Mango salad) on the side.  Both my client and I had the specials + a side of two fresh rolls (rice noodle wrap of white rice noodles + vegetables and shrimp with a vinegar dip) and it came to $48 pre-tip which is on the expensive side for lunch for the area not to mention they were lunch specials.  

The spinning noodles (as pictured) were decent.  I thought the noodles might have been just a tad hard but that's pretty subjective and it really was a light tamarind sauce - not too heavy.  

Unfortunately Waterloo doesn't have very many or very good Thai restaurants.  There's limited 1 hour free parking on the side street and a larger parking lot with paid parking.
me and my friend ate here. The place looks like a shack. Anyways, the food is pricey, but it tasted ok. The tasty tofu is as expected, nothing mind blowing. The pad thai was way too sweet. Service is ok.
Decent thai fusion place. Atmosphere is OK, service is pretty good. Price is a bit high for the area, especially considering that there are quite a few other thai places which are just as good (or better) with a 10 minute walking radius. I go here when i'm in the mood for thai and am with people who don't necessarily like it.  There are quite a few items on the menu that aren't super authentic.  So, I get the curries and my friends get stuff like pad thai (the one they make is as authentic as sweet and sour chicken balls at a mall chain) or steak. So, although I don't come here super often, the place isn't bad and it definitely has a niche carved out for itself. As a caveat, stay away from the mango salad. I've sent it back twice because the mango's weren't ripe enough.
Thai Sun is located in uptown Waterloo on King street, technically. Its located on the back part of the uptown Waterloo mall, at the intersection of Caroline st and Willis Way. So this makes this a lesser known Thai restaurant in uptown.

Our group of 8 people got there fairly later (45 minutes before closing) and the owner still decided to serve us, which is great. The overall service was great, the owner helped us pick dishes. The waitress checked up on us a few times and also helped us pick food. They waitress knew the menu very well, and was really helpful with picking vegan choices and looking out for nut allergies. 

I ordered Thai iced tea with milk and Green Curry ( Thai long green beans, egg plant, basil leaves, baby onion and bamboo shoot). The food and drink was delicious. I mean it was tasty, had tons of different flavors and so many ingredients that i enjoyed. 

The restaurant is a little bit pricier then the other Thai restaurant in Waterloo, but I would still recommend that people try it.
The food is pretty good, but I don't understand why their lunch specials are so expensive. I once ordered a pad thai to take home to my husband, after I dined with a friend at lunch, and ended up like $40 in the hole. Brutal!
this place is quite pretty and the service wasn't too bad when i came here with a large group. 
IMO they spent too much effort making the food look good than taste good... cue ketchupy noodles..
My favourite Thai spot in Waterloo. I don't understand the negative reviews this place has. The service is consistently great with servers that care and a friendly owner.  The food is AMAZING not to mention visually appealing with short wait times for food. After a meal at Thai Sun I find myself craving the flavours their meals leave in my mouth for days. Although your typical menu item might cost $1-$2 more than it would at a competing Thai restaurant in Waterloo the quality makes up for it. The restaurant itself has a great aesthetic, although it can be alittle dim inside for me at times, and also features a very large patio for outdoor dining which is fantastic in the summer.

As a local to the area who frequents the various restaurants in Waterloo I highly recommend Thai Sun to anyone who loves good food. Make sure you try the curry; the panang is my personal favourite and if you get a chance to chat with the owner do it! He's great.
This is my go-to dinner place with my boyfriend and friends. We make every excuse to go here, and probably average going 3-5 times a month. I have tried the Beef Jerky appetizer, and the Red, and Green curries. I haven't tried anything else on the menu because the curries are so good! The vegetables are always fresh, and the food is always steaming when it comes out.  I would also reccomend their ginger tea. 

The service here is great, and the food comes out extremely fast (you never have to wait more than 10 minutes). Often the owner is there, and he will greet you as you come in.  

I reccomend this restaurant to anyone looking for some great Thai food at a reasonable price.
If the food from this nice, upmarket deli was labelled like in Alice in Wonderland, the labels would say things like "Eat me- I'm very middle class you know!" The fare is varied and exotic: the first time I went I had a delicious butternut squash and coconut soup, then a tomato-olive-corriander-and-homemade-hummus sandwich; on Day 2 I opted for Jerusalem artichoke soup, followed by a sandwich of stilton, on walnut bread, and with a fig chutney. Spiffing! 

The soup is lovely and hot - in every sense of the word. The meal-deal is also very affordable. 4.25 for a lunch of this quality is a bargain.

I work right across the street, so I'll be ordering lunch from here, like, every day.
I'm updating my review of Appetite to five stars because, frankly, having tried other places in the area, it really is exceptional. Due to an office move, I'm not there as often as I'd like. I miss the amazing soups and sandwiches, and I'm trying to come up with inventive reasons for taking a two-hour lunch break in order to satisfy my addict-like needs. So while I can't go, you should. You won't be disappointed.
I stopped here out of shear hunger and had time to kill. They  just had there grand opening the day before I got there. I walked in and the smell of the fresh breads were mind boggling. This place is very tiny and very cheerfully decorated and clean! The ladies behind the counter were still learning the tricks of the trade. Very sweetly greeted me and asked me what I like to order. They have about 10 different sandwiches posted on a very nice menu board and huge options for coffee and all the breads, cakes, pies, tarts, OMG Drool! They will make you any kind of sandwich and hand you more samples than you can shake a stick at. I order the turkey and had it on a fresh baked croisant. Too yummy to explain. The green tea was fresh brewed and out of this world. If you go remember they are as fast as Subway but they will knock your socks off!
I work next door, and watched the progress with eager anticipation.  Once Donna's opened, was I ever happy!  While they are still new, the menu options are well thought out, and the deserts look as amazing as they taste.  The croissants are some of the best I've ever had. 

I usually get their lunch special, a sandwich, drink and desert for under $10.00. My personal favorite is the walnut chicken salad on a croissant, but the roast beef with wasabi mayo is awesome as well. 

When they first opened, the staff was slightly disorganized, but that has seemed to fade as everyone is now trained and comfortable.  They are always friendly, and will give you samples of anything in the place.

It's my new favorite for a casual, quick lunch meeting.  I'm glad they are closer to my work than my house, or I'd be there right now!
We celebrated our dad's birthday this weekend, complete with a cake from Donna's Bakery Cafe (as per mom's suggestion).  Boy, we were not disappointed!  Ordered a few days beforehand... pick-up was as scheduled.  We had an 8" strawberry cheesecake mousse cake... soooo delicious!  The birthday guy was happy.  I was bummed that our weekend stay was over so quickly--I didn't get a chance to go for the leftovers.  Thank you Donna's Bakery Cafe!
This is my #1 work lunch destination. Simple sandwiches on delicious bread... Every day there is a lunch special - so sandwich plus a bag of chips and a drink for ((((drum roll)))) 3.99$. Yeah, you heard me right. With tax, the total is 4.31$ but that's still REALLY good, pretty unheard of.

In addition to the awesome sandwiches there are GREAT pastries and desserts. Honestly, they remind me of home (Seattle) - that had a great International District.

Five stars, Donna's Bakery, keep on being awesome!
I heard about Donna's through New Times and Yelp. It's not common to have an Asian bakery open up  here in Phoenix but after hearing of the many delights they offer at low prices, I knew I had to check this place out!

My first visit I tried the bbq pork bun, the pork sung bun, the curry beef pastry, the bbq pork pastry and a slice of the jasmine green tea. The bbq pork bun, the curry beef and the bbq pastry reminded me of the pastries i would eat in Singapore, and in LA at a bakeshop i go to in Rosemead. It wasn't dry, and it was very good. The Pork Sung is pretty much dried pork pieces on a bun so it's an acquired taste something I'm not a fan of, so, I can really comment on that and to be fair I'm not sure if it's really that good. As for the Jasmine Green Tea cake, I think that's what they're good at, cakes. It was delicious, not sweet, and not bland but just right, hence I made the decision that I had to buy my brother's bday cake from their bakery. 

We made a last minute to order his bday cake the day of and I pleaded my case with them if they could make an exception for the black forest cake but they said they were unable to make his cake within a day at such short notice but mentioned that they had 5 types of mousse cakes that they could whip up in a few hours. So we chose a 10 inch Passion fruit mousse cake, it was like $30. Thought it was a tad pricey but when we all had a slice, and when we saw it, it was WORTH it. Simply delicious, simply yummy. Loved the fruit and presentation, and again not overly sweet, just right. I like that the prices are low, and they're not overcharging for their snack items and sandwiches. The cakes are worth it and I'm looking forward to the day when I'll order my birthday cake, and this time I'm ordering the black forest, a week before just to be sure!
We found Donna's by chance one day. I love Asian bakeries, so I was very excited. Since then, I've liked everything that I've tried. The prices are reasonable and the people very helpful. Their Hawaiian sandwich is amazing.
You know...after reading all the rave reviews I was so excited in getting some Asian baked goods from Donna's. It has been SO long! Girlfriend was in the area so I gave her a list of things to pick up. She gets there and told me they don't have anything! What happened?!?? Well apparently there was a change about 2 weeks ago. They no longer have them ready to go. Everything must be ordered a day ahead of time. I am so bummed! No bbq pastries, no curry beef pastries, not even jasmine green tea cake. I was all ready to give Donna's a 5 star after sampling their goods. She was able to procure some BBQ pork buns. They were ok. Too much bread. I've had better at Dim Sum places. The coconut buns were pretty good though. I guess I really need to look around for a Vietnamese bakery. Your typical American bakery goods just doesn't excite me.... Meh..... I sure hope they would reverse their policy....
Extra star for trying to run a Chinese bakery in the valley...

Milk Tea:  not too shabby.  Got it cold, wasn't too sweet.

Pandan cake:  I search high and low for pandan in the US, since trying pandan egg custard tarts (I know, who has heard such a thing?) in Singapore and ice cream in Amsterdam...  This chiffon cake was bland, couldn't get the distinctive taste I was looking for.

Durian cake roll slice:  Winner, never seen this before.  You'd figure this would break their business model if people started boycotting durian.  I have plenty of co-workers who travel to Malaysia and always tell me how much they hate durian afterwards (I think it's a funny test they put to visiting Americans).  Just like strawberries, real fruit doesn't taste like the flavoring.

Red bean bun:  nothing special.

Melon and pineapple pastry:  winter melon was eh, but the pineapple pastry reminded me of the tasty retangular cookie versions you get in the Chinese grocery store 

Pineapple bun, mango bun:  stay away, not a great bread and the filling some artificial taste mess.  Better to go to the dim sum houses and order freshly baked pineapple buns.

Their offerings seem to vary (or it means the durian cake has been discontinued)... and you can find some of their baked goods in LeeLee's.
Their food is fantastic and their prices are low. It's a tiny place and the owners/staff are great. I work nearby and haven't taken full advantage - I just discovered it shortly after deciding to diet. Their breakfast burritos are amazing and cheap. Their delicious pastries make the place smell like a real bakery. It's been a really long time since I've been to a decent bakery in Phoenix. I may write more later, but that's all I've got right now... so tough beans. Go eat there.
I work right next to Donna's... and I just think these guys are the bees knees. Great breakfast... totally reasonable prices... incredibly nice staff people. I am addicted to their breakfast burritos.

For what it's worth, Donna's is actually the bakery that supplies a lot of the Asian Markets around town.
I work near by and have had stopped in here for lunch several times. Always delicious and always a great experience. 
This is a small store front with an extremely courteous staff and just plain great food! Sandwiches made to order... bread (especially the croissants) with so much flavor and baked just right! And price wise... a much better deal or at least comparable to the famous chain sandwich shops (Subway... bleh!). 
A few weeks ago a coworker mentioned that they also have breakfast so being that I had my staff working on a Saturday I agreed to buy breakfast... HUGE sandwiches with eggs, cheese and a meat (bacon, pork sausage or turkey sausage.) all on your choice of bread... All for as little as $1.99 (50 cents extra for a croissant.) So yummy and so filling! This was a big hit with the staff for sure and really... I got off pretty cheap considering that we fed a total 8 people for right around $20. Much cheaper than the local burrito place and better food then hitting the local drive thru! 
Now on to the desserts... WOW! Passion Fruit mousse cake!!! My personal favorite...Awesome! Not to sweet but definitely worth splurging those extra calories. 
Tony (the manager) and his staff are always extremely friendly, courteous and willing to help questions and suggestions. 

Definitely recommend this place...
The breakfast burrito was pretty good. The Danish was very very good.  Very flaky and the cream cheese center was delicious!  The pineapple bun was not to my liking.  I will have to stick with BBQ buns and such from here when I want Asian buns... To that ends, I can say Donna's Asian buns are downright divine and the price is right for sampling... Get your hands on her buns as soon as you can...
The first thing you have to ask yourself is ... why would I review a place I didn't even patron!!!  Because just walking in blew my mind!  I walked in and I literally felt like I was visiting a bakery in Singapore again.  The pastries and cakes ... I drool.  I did get to taste the green bean (no, not green beans - green mung beans) pastry and that wasn't bad at all.  Flakey, light, and traditional mung bean.  Can I have a cake from here for my next birthday?
Delicious and beautiful Asian-style cakes.  The cake is fresh, soft, and spongy, and the toppings of fresh fruit really liven up the design of the cakes.  I have had slices and a special made to order cake, and everything I have ordered has been superb.
11/03/10

A close coworker and good friend recommended I try Donna's Bakery many, many months ago (maybe even a year ago, whenever it was that it first opened-- the owners are close family friends of hers).  This visit was a spur-of-the-moment decision-- a rare thing for me as I like to do some legwork first before I try a new place.  I even texted my friend for directions and DB's phone number so I could inquire if they were still even open for business that evening!

The young clerk I met there was very friendly and accomodating-- answering most of my questions w/ firm authority, and when he didn't know the answer, especially that concerning of the large fruit-topped birthday cake in the display case, he'd pop into the kitchen and ask someone for the answer.  I soon met the affable Mr. of Donna's Bakery, who informed me that the Mrs.- Donna- had to leave town that evening, but not before making the very cake I had a fixation on that very morning!  I hadn't planned on making such a purchase, esp. since Mom already had a birthday pass, but he made the cake sound so healthy (made w/ all-natural ingredients-- no powdered sugar, cornstarch, or corn syrup!  The fruits were brushed w/ a tapioca-fruit juiced glaze.  I don't think it even had eggs in the batter!), and topped with fresh, sliced fruits (w/ the exception of the maraschino cherries) AND filled w/ more fruit inside!  After selecting a few pastries to take home: a slice of German chocolate-mousse cake; a couple of red-velvet cupcakes w/ icing topped w/ red velvet cake crumbles (!); and something akin to an almond slivered-topped and flattened mocha cream puff (not pictured), Mr. Donna kindly offered a 10% discount on the cake.  Still hesitant in purchasing such a big item I hadn't had a chance to sample, I splurged and brought the cake home.  

None of the smaller items wowed me (I found the cakes' texture to be very tender, yet lacking in moisture- strange), but that birthday cake was very, very good!  The layers were made of angel cake, and I LOVED the fruit-and-cream filling the most!  Mom didn't think much of the slice she had, but she was going through a period of a few months when she wasn't craving anything sweet, which was a good thing!  So, I sliced the rest of the cake and brought it to work-- everyone who had caved in to the temptation loved it.  Some even had seconds and thirds!!

I plan on going back to try a few savory items that sounded good on the menu!
Slow service and bad food! When I heard about this place I was so excited to try it cuz I totally missed good Asian bakery. I was there yesterday and ordered black pepper beef sandwich and they told me they were out of beef. Then I asked if they had curry buns they told they didn't make them anymore. Then I decided to order teriyaki chicken sandwich and it was too salty. I also bought coconut buns and it tasted old and stale. Their milk tea was so chalky and nasty. It kinda made me sick & nauseous after taking few sips I tossed it out. Every freaking thing I ordered was pretty bad and gross. Never going back to that place again.
Fresh baked goods. Coffee was ok...
this is a very very very nice place.

Go there quite often as I work close. They have some stuff here I havent found elsehwere..

Bubble Tea and Hong Kong Milk Tea.  Very Nice and unusual.  

House made pastries.   yummy

Killer Breakfast Burritos.  Pricing is really good at this place too.

The people I know who go there keep going because it just a great place to have close by.

Probably go get a turkey sausage or chorizo burrito tomorrow...
Another unique gem in the east valley. I stopped in here one day for lunch on a recommendation. The special of the day was chicken salad, chips and drink for $4.99. Good deal. Bread is homemade and was delicious and fresh, only suggestion would be, add more filling, I would not even have minded to have paid and extra buck for another spoon ful of chicken salad. Got a red velvet cupcake for dessert to take back to the office. Nice and moist with buttercream frosting. I have been looking forward to going back again.
LOVE the fruit topping style cakes, great for special occasions and (non Asian) people find it especially unique.

Not in love w/ their single cake slices w/ the mousse pudding, cake is dry.  GO FRUIT CAKE ALL THE WAY!
Having recently moved to Arizona from the Bay Area, I was desperate to find an Asian bakery where I could get my weekly serving of bbq pork buns, red bean buns, and egg tarts!   My waiter at C-Fu directed me here, so I gave it a try with high hopes.  Unfortunately, Donna's Bakery Cafe cannot even compare to the places my family used to frequent in San Francisco Chinatown, or even the chain bakeries in California.  Even though Asian pastries are known for being satisfying without being too sweet, these pastries were not sweet enough.  Donna's supplies pastries to many of the Asian markets in the area, which probably reflects the fact that standards are low here.

I would say that Donna's does a much better job of being a "cafe" than a "bakery" because their sandwiches are very good.  The ingredients in the turkey avocado sandwich were fresh and tasty.  And I loved how she neatly assembled the sandwich so that it wasn't messy to eat!
One should never complain about a $2 breakfast burrito!  I popped into Donna's bakery for the first time on my way into work last week.  The place is full of artistic pastries that look fantastic.   I ordered a breakfast burrito with eggs cheese and potatoes.  They had a bunch already prepared, but they had meat in them, so he had to make mine up.  It was pretty tasty, but when I got to the middle it was cold, so I guess the potatoes came from the fridge and didn't get heated all the way through in the microwave (Yes that's how he heated it up).  As I waited for my burro, I started window shopping the pastries, they were decently priced and already packaged up for quick carry out.  I decide to get a bean pastry with walnuts for an afternoon snack.   Unfortunately, when I took my first bite I could tell it was stale.   Have you ever had stale nuts? Well, they have a very distinct flavor and it definitely came through in the pastry.  I looked at the package and realized there was no date stamped, so who knows how long it had been sitting on the shelf.   Despite the less the ideal first visit, I'll give Donna's another try... the bean pastry might have just been a fluke.
Donna's to me is a friendly neighborhood  sandwich shop.  Yes, it is an Asian bakery, but I only tried a couple of things there and don't really know Asian bakery items.  They were pretty.

I can speak to Donna's famous breakfast burro, it's better than the pricey one from AJ's by far.  Bonus, they also offer espresso drinks.

The lunch salads and sandwiches are all good.  I love the chicken salad sandwich with nuts, and the Asian Sesame Chicken Salad.  The specials are all tasty and SO inexpensive, it is hard to stay away.  Typically the lunch specials consist of a fresh american sandwich, made fresh and to your liking, a pack of chips and a fountain drink.  Occasionally, they will offer an Asian meal, as you would expect to get at Chinese Take out, and to everyone's surprise, you still get the bag of chips and drink with it.  The service is fast and friendly, especially Paul, (who looks Asian but is actually native) who is also bright and funny which helps pass the dull lunch hour.
I've been eating lunch at Donna's for about ten months now - since I started working around the corner. Paul, who is generally manning the front counter knows me by name, makes great, honest suggestions and notices when I've had a hair cut - what a guy! 

I frequently find I don't really have time to actually take a lunch, but with Donna's a mere two minutes from my office, and free wi-fi in the dining area, I often pack up my laptop for an hour or so midday, enjoy a sandwich and keep up with the ever present flow of emails - or ignore work entirely and write reviews on Yelp - which is what I am doing now. On site review! 

This little bakery is a fantastic place to get a sandwich. On my way in to the shop each visit I check out the blackboard at the door, which shows you the daily $3.99 special. For that super low price you get the sandwich of the day (today it was a roast beef with pickles - my favorite is the chicken walnut salad), a bag of chips and a small (refillable) drink. If whatever is on the blackboard doesn't quite spark your interest, the shop has a decent sized list of other cold sandwiches for purchase. The sandwiches are made on fresh bread made by the bakery - which you can purchase and take home for around $2.50 for a (rather large) half loaf. 

Beyond making some of the best red velvet cupcakes in town - they are a STEAL at $1.29 (I just paid $4 for one somewhere else), the shop also offers lots of traditional pastries including cinnamon and Danish rolls and a variety of cakes for purchase by the slice or in whole for a party. I love that in addition to these more familiar items Donna's also offers unique items like green tea pastries and bean tarts. 

With the service, pricing and great food and pastry selection I plan to keep up my current 3-day-a-week custard bun habit as long as my waistline will allow.
Love it here!  Great friendly customer service, yummy lunch specials and the orange pound cake and honeydew smoothie among other things will satisfy your sweet tooth:)
How many times can someone drive by a place, yet no stop in? Too many, it seems! 

Donna's Bakery Cafe is a cute little neighborhood bakery nestled in an unassuming Tempe strip mall. When I entered I was surprised to find it's actually an Asian bakery; rather uncommon for Tempe! Had I first read the Yelp reviews and visited their website, I might have been better prepared to expand my Asian baked goods horizons. 

Needing to make a quick breakfast decision, I opted for the Bacon, Egg and Cheese sandwich on toasted white bread. The thick-cut bacon really made the sammy and it wasn't at all greasy like the mouthful of liquid cholesterol I recently had at a nationally known coffee chain. Of course, my eyes are bigger than my stomach, so I also ordered a slice of the Chocolate Mousse cake (pictured) to go. How I was able to let it go untouched for hours is beyond my scope of understanding. It, too, was yummy, though the "cake" layers were a little on the dry side. 

I'm happy to see another small-business-done-well. The service is fast and friendly and the prices are very reasonable ($1.99 for a breakfast sandwich or burrito!!!)  Without a doubt, I'll be visiting Donna's Bakery Cafe again, this time prepping my taste buds for something with a bit of Asian flair.
My boyfriend and I have been eating at Donna's for over a year now. He works right by it, so here comes here several times a week. They have the best, freshest veggies, they make their own bread, and they have fantastic desserts. They also have a punch card to earn free sandwiches. This is by far the best sandwich/bakery in this area, and it's nice to support local businesses. Definitely give Donna's a try! (Their veggie sandwich and pork sandwich is killer!)
So to my delight a Chinese bakery in a non-Asian area of AZ!  I just happened to stop in Tempe for lunch and checked out Yelp for some place to eat.  Read some of the reviews of this place and thought I'd give it a try.... lo and behold, Chinese Bakery!  I was happy :)
Sandwich was good (Chicken Salad with Walnuts) but the Pork Bun was quite tasty!  A bit too much bread but BBQ Pork was good.
They also prolly could be a much better place if they cleaned up a bit more but....

For anyone in Tempe area looking for a place to get some great bakery, come to Donna's!
this bakery shop can really kill people.   not sure what's stuff they put in their cookies..it's horrible and make you sick to your stomache.....nasty food, everything is stale and old.  service is horrible too.   i will file a complaint to the better business bureau and might even sue them if my kids don't get better by tomorrow.
Love the breakfast burritos! And they're so cheap too. Get a couple and thank me later :). The mousse cakes taste amazing as well
It was lunch time and drove by Donnas Bakery Caf and in my head I though,,,oooohhhh cupcakes, must get a cupcake before going back to the office, so when I entered Donnas I was a little taken back because it was not quite what I had envisioned in my head for it to be, but what I did find made me happy!

This isn't a typical American bakery which I mistook it for, but its more Asian/European, they do have fresh breads, pastries, cakes and other deserts and drinks, but they also have this menu with these amazing sounding sandwiches, I think I have found a new place to try for a sandwich, and the prices are killer! 

I did order a slice of Tiramisu, it was perfectly presently and wrapped and just begging for me to buy it and devour it up and it was less than 2.50, can't be that!  Took it back to the office and the cake was the perfect thing I had to been craving, so yea I didn't walk away with a cupcake, but I did get a great tasting piece of Tiramisu, so no losers here! 

Now I have to go back to try the sandwiches and happy to add Donnas Caf to my lunch time places!
I love Donna's!  I drove past one early morning and saw the open sign and thought "what the heck, I should check it out."  Donna's has the most delicious looking pastries.  I recently had a party and I ordered my cake here.  It pleased the masses and everyone wanted to know where I got my cake from.  They also serve up some quick breakfast sandwiches and an assortment of readymade breakfast burritos - the potatoes are always cooked to perfection, something that must be hard for other places to grasp because I've had plenty of half cooked potatoes in my breakfast burritos.  Donna's knows what's up.
This is actually a review of their Phoenix location which recently opened in COFCO plaza.  I've never been to any other location. 

Their food/cakes/breads are simply amazing. I honestly consider this new location a slice of baked heaven. They are open until 7:30, the food is always fresh, everything tastes wonderful and the recipes are always consistent. 

I tried a sandwich, a chicken wrap and a strawberry smoothie today. All of them were beyond delicious!  I'm a huge fan of their Hong Kong Milk Tea as well.

Their customer service is phenomenal. The girl who is always working there is very sweet and remembers her customers. I hope that it brings more business to the slowly dying COFCO plaza. 

I'm sure the bakery inside Super L is pissed - and they should be. They have some heavy competition. ;)
The best thing for a good pick up and go are the BBQ pork and cream cheese buns.
Tasty sandwiches and breakfast burritos. Cheap and tasty. 

I got the wasabi streak sandwich with chips and a drink for $5 on special.
This is a bakery that also serves sandwiches and soups.

Seating inside is very limited - only a few tables.   This is more of a grab and go place.

The sandwich creation I had was EXCELLENT - turkey w/cranberry.  Much better than the cafe down the street.

Check it out for lunch.
Good stuff.  Unusual, for me anyway, but always enjoy trying something different.
I've never ordered anything from here but what they have on the shelves has been tasty and fresh.
We've had breakfast or lunch her on a few occasions and that's good.  Nothing fancy though.
One thing about this place is it's very small.  Like maybe two tables that seat four and maybe a two top too.
I've been working nearby for almost 3 years, and for months would see a steady stream of coworkers heading over to grab a breakfast burrito. After a while I decided to give it a try myself. Honestly I never saw what all of the hype was about, but for $2 it was a nice routine in the morning. Now that they've doubled the price, I doubt I'll be returning.
I cannot recommend an Arizona bakery more highly than Donna's Bakery & Cafe. Not only do they prepare beautifully executed and meticulously designed cakes, but they do so with an unparalleled love and generosity, which is so often absent in businesses. Donna's went out of their way to make my Christmas cake everything that I had wanted it to be and more. Their patience and talent are evident in their beautiful cakes, and I would never buy a cake anywhere else in the Phoenix area. What a gem!
Great Asian-style cakes with fruit topping -- not too sweet.  Awesome pastries, e.g. BBQ pork bun, coffee bun.  It is probably the best Asian bakery in Chandler, AZ.
I love coming to Donna's to get all my Asian and western style baked goods.  While the cupcakes and cakes are delicious, the Asian pastries like the BBQ pork bun are even yummier!  

As someone who enjoys whipped cream versus the sugary buttercream frosting, I love how everything isn't too sweet.  A slice of cake is just the perfect ending to a day filled with packing up Christmas decorations!  I adore the mango mousse cake and the tiramisu is quite delicious as well.  Yummy!

When I got married, I had Donna do my three-tiered cake and everybody complimented on how moist and flavorful it was.  We did the bottom and top tier as tiramisu and the middle as mango mousse.  We did the tradition of keeping the top tier to eat a year later and I had thought the mango mousse would grow moldy since fruit has more water content so when we sliced into our tiramisu cake, it was actually still fresh and delicious.  Wow!  It could've been the millions of layering we did with saran wrap and foil but I was super surprised.  And no tummyache afterward!  We even brought some of the cake to both our parents so they can celebrate with us.  I love Donna's Bakery!
Great little local cafe with awesome breakfast and lunches. they also have great pastries, cookies and cakes.
We passed up nearby chain sandwich shops to grab a sandwich at Donna's and are so glad that we did!  Everything was incredibly fresh; we watched the employee put our orders together right in front of us.  The food was delicious and very reasonably priced.  I look forward to going back and trying other items on the menu.
I really enjoy this little bakery! The ladies at the front are always so cheerful and helpful!  They really do care about their customers and I appreciate that. 

Support the local business!
I thought the ladies at the front were super sweet and very helpful...The food my daughter and I did get was very good and great prices!! However, I give 3 stars because we arrived at 8:45 am and they were out of almost everything in their front case. I was a little disappointed in that and though I knew from other reviews, that the Asian pastries were available and good - I didn't realize that it's all they make...so if you like Asian flavors, coconut, mango, banana and vanilla, this is a great place! My daughters egg sausage sand which was made with "white wonder bread" - not probably our first choice
If you are expecting typical and run of the mill Chinese take-out Ruby is going to rock your world. With a gigantic menu filled with the classics, as well as hard to find dishes, Ruby can cater towards any preference. With reasonable prices and generous portions you will certainly get your fill and a carry out container too. For those of you who are sick of overly sweet Crab Rangoon be sure to try Ruby's award winning recipe. Of course I can't forget to mention that Ruby is family owned and the staff are SUPER friendly, a trait found far too seldom in restaurants these days.
Best hot & sour soup in town! Everything else I've tried on their huge menu is also pretty darn good- and your food comes out on miniature boats!
I don't know why there are positive reviews for this place. We got delivery from them the other night. Remarkably unremarkable. 
Their Fragrant Beef is just wrong. Not at all spicy, and the beef is weird.  Imperial Gardens East's version is MUCH better.
The Triple Delight was mostly palm, and the shrimp that was in there, were tiny. 
All in all, meh.
Love Ruby!  I actually remember going to the old location as a kid - and how great it was then.  Same quality and service today.

FUN TIP:  Make sure to check out the water fountain, too.  See if you can get it to work.  Pretty cool.
This was the first time I ever just threw away food I had ordered.  It was thoroughly disgusting.  Brown overcooked slop.  And it took twice as long as they said it would.  I ordered Ma Po Tofu, and my wife ordered the Beef with Garlic Sauce.  Both basically tasted and looked the same.  Words don't really describe how gross this food was.
Warning: This place is now called China Star.  I suspect they had to send this place into the restaurant witness protection program because so many diners were looking to wipe them off the map.

One of the worst of the worst kind of Chinese restaurants-in-a-box.  The idea that this place calls itself a "Chinese" restaurant in a city which boasts several authentic Chinese places (the best of which, Ichiban, is not to be missed!) is a joke.  The food is tasteless and full of veggie filler.  The sesame chicken was, quite literally, inedible.  It tasted like old socks.

Nasty food brought to your door is still nasty food.

Avoid this place like the plague.
I been waiting for this place to open for 4 months, and I am severely disappointed. The service was terrible, we waited 45 minutes and never got our food, but noticed people who ordered the same thing get theirs(sounds like the order process needs some work) 

I asked for a refund and the manager didn't apologize and didn't say anything, but to add insult to injury the manager charged us for the drinks!!!!(sounds like the manager needs to learn some customer service 101) 

On the way out I overheard people talking that they been waiting 15 minutes for 1/2 a sandwich and some people got the wrong order but didn't complain because they been waiting long as well and were just hungry. Please  Mind you that this place wasn't that busy. 

I plan on never eating here again.
I have been excited for the Grand Opening... sort of a let down. Good thing I was in a who cares attitude today. 

First a little history... These meat heads started the whole chain and franchised out. They still own Peoria and Phoenix but have either sold or franchised out the rest. 

The place was busy and there were plenty of people working. Most had no idea what they were doing. LOL 

I browsed the menu and decided that the kids meal would suffice for lunch. (Since there are no lunch specials) I ask the order taker if the kids meal come with a meatball, she said YES but then asked if I wanted a drink, which it come with it. I KNEW there was not going to be a meatball. 

The little dude with an earring and Michael Jordan shorts on said to me... Is it for a kid? I said Yes, I am a big kid. He said to no longer order from the kids menu without it being for a child. Then proceeded to tell the order taker never let it happen again. LOL AZZ

The same dude made it a point to serve me the food. It was a perfect lunch size portion of spag with meat sauce NO Meatball and two of the best garlic rolls/knots whatever I have had in a long time.  The sauce was good but it got a little watered down by the pasta not being drained enough. I see quality is not a high point here. 

The other plates looked great and I look forward to trying something else off  the kids menu.
I been waiting for this place to open for 4 months, and I am severely disappointed. The service was terrible, we waited 45 minutes and never got our food, but noticed people who ordered the same thing get theirs(sounds like the order process needs some work)
 
I asked for a refund and the manager didn't apologize and didn't say anything, but to add insult to injury the manager charged us for the drinks!!!!(sounds like the manager needs to learn some customer service 101)
 
On the way out I overheard people talking that they been waiting 15 minutes for 1/2 a sandwich and some people got the wrong order but didn't complain because they been waiting long as well and were just hungry. Please Mind you that this place wasn't that busy.
 
I will never eat here again.
I've eaten here twice, and this is good but not great.  I still have trouble with spending more than 10 bucks for lunch, but that is the deal here in my experience.

First visit I had the signature meatball parmesan sandwich, the full size, and I would give that a 4 out of five.  Meatballs were very good - not dried out - and the marinara was very tasty.  Bread was also good if not spectacular (try Z's next door for amazing bread).  However, orders were being mishandled at the tables all around me, and for $10, I expect more than a sandwich and a drink.  No side of pasta or salad.

Second visit I went for the lunch special - half a sandwich and a salad.  Half a sandwich is SMALL!  I felt righteous on departure, but far from full.  Salad was OK, but nothing to write home about.  Seemed like orders were being handled more smoothly, so maybe the shake down cruise was over.

Food is served on interesting square plates which are quite nice.  The dining area is very crowded and it is a squeeze to get to the drink station - it is pour your own here.  Again, for $10, I think I could eat elsewhere and have table service.

Meh.
We tried this place for dinner last night (take out).  It was good, not great - I would eat there again when I needed easy takeout.   I ordered manicotti and thought the meatball that came with it was very good and I think next time I would try a meatball sandwich.   I love it when a restaurant has good rolls or bread to go along with your meal and I didn't care for the rolls (bread was tastless and too much seasoning on top).

Prices were good and portions were reasonable sized instead of all those ridiculously large portions you get at some restaurants.
I can dig!  Food here is very good.  I believe everything here is made from scratch the soup to the sauce cause they taste wonderful.  I go for lunch every now and then and I've seen this place slowly pickup business.  It has that deli-sport restaurant feel, but the food brings it home.  I appreciate the usage of real plates instead of paper or styrofoam plates -- very environmental friendly!  I would definitely recommend this place for lunch - 1/2 sand, their pastafagioli soup = Yum! & drink.
After having lunch with a friend at Meatballz and liking the food and service, I decided to go with them for catering our son's one year birthday party. I came in and ordered food with the owner a few days out and he was very nice and easy to work with. I ordered tortellini with Alfredo sauce, cheese ravioli, lasagna and meatballs. Salad and bread comes with orders. When I came to pick it up on Saturday, the manager was also friendly and said that everything just got out of the oven. He helped me bring it to the car and even gave us an extra container of meat sauce. The car smelled like heaven as I drove home. The food was well accepted at the party. People loved the meatballs and I was really loving the lasagna. The salad had chopped tomatoes, onions, olives and cucumbers in it and there was a homemade creamy Italian dressing for it on the side. I highly suggest them for catering a party. Pasta is always a hit and if you have leftovers, they always taste great the next day.
I get the Italian beef sandwich with aus jus. This is a serious sandwich and very filling. It doesn't come with chips or slaw or fries. It doesn't need anything on the side. Other than a couple of locally made cheese-steak sandwiches, this is the finest hot sandwich in town in my opinion. 

BONUS: Sometimes, if your'e lucky, they will cook up some fresh zeppoles and walk around the dining room passing them out to each customer.
I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to Italian.

Went here twice.  Meatball sub one time, pasta the other.  Neither was very good.

Prices are nothing special, either.
A little pricey but may check out the catering menu for next party.
I discovered Smokilicious today at the SweetBarks Valentines Day fundraiser for Austin Pets Alive. And what a discovery it was! I find myself being a frequent customer here as it happens to be in the same LAZ parking lot as APA where I drop off my foster Pup almost every day on my lunch break. 

The woman who took my order said that this was their 2nd week in business and is their permanent location and that they are open everyday except Monday - did not get the hours but they serve breakfast tacos and lunch for sure. 

I ordered the Brisket Bar-B-Q Tacos that included 2 corn tortillas with flavor packed moist brisket, pico and guac. Yum!

I tried Peter P.'s Frito Pie and while yummy it was too nutrient dense for anything I would choose to eat - got to think about my Girly figure and heart when ordering:) 

The Stuffed Baked Potato and the Sliced Brisket Sandwich are next on my list of "to try" on their menu. 

I am pretty sure I will be updating this place to 5 stars soon!
This new BBQ shack is hidden behind Crepes Mille and Perla.  Try to find it, it's quite an adventure.  Hopefully they will move a bit more out into the open!

They offer a nice variety of BBQ meats, in taco form or plate form.  Cheap too.  I got the brisket, chicken, and fish.  Yep, SMOKED fish taco.

The brisket and chicken were both a bit dry and underseasoned, but the fish was moist, and tender, though a bit fishy.

Try it out, see if you like it.  Wasn't too impressed.  Seems pretty new, maybe they'll work out some of the kinks in the meat.
Smokilicious BBQ is not easy to find.  At least not as easy as the other shops and restaurants on South Congress.  However, if you go behing the Crepes Milles Aistream, just across from Perlas, you will see a small food trailer, and that is in fact, Smokilicious.

I felt rewarded for this discovery today when I went up and ordered the BBQ sandwhich (brisket) lunch thingy.  It was 4.25 and well worth it.  You get two small but full sandwiches for that price and some extra BBQ sauce, some onions and pickles as well.

The brisket was fatty, which is just how I like it, and the spicy sauce (optional) had just enough kick.  I'd go back, and if you can find the place you might enjoy it too.
Good, cheap BBQ. I had the chopped brisket sandwiches, and was very satisfied. Ask for a little extra sauce, if you're like me and can only enjoy a BBQ sandwich when you walk away from the experience with the stuff all over your shirt. Better than Muck and Dave's down the street.
I contacted Doug via Twitter and he showed up with his truck the next day at the school I'm attending. The food was great, quick and very affordable. I tried his special, short rib taco with asian salsa. At $1.50 per taco and an extra dollar for some delicious fries I was a happy camper. Follow curbside on Twitter @curbsidecafelv to find out where he will be stopping by next.Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
YES, I attended the @CurbsideCafeLV Grand Opening Celebration 7/24 at 6pm at Hellboys Tattoo on W Sahara Ave/Rainbow Blvd. YES, I was one of the 1st 50 to arrive and get a FREE burger + T-shirt. and YES I am still gonna write a review :)

I am really enjoying the NEW #streetfood trend taking place here in #Vegas....I guess after KogiBBQ in LA blew up last year restauranteurs are starting to think mobile foodtruck are a real alternative to traditional sit down restaurants.

Being that it was still 100+ at 6pm when I arrived I was content getting my burger,fries and drink and ducking into the first sign of shade I could find.

I ordered the Hawaiian Burger & Fries -The girl taking the orders was real friendly and very efficient. The guys making the grub seemed nice as well but seemed focused on making things run as smoothly as possible--not alot of chit-chat:)

The food was ready in about 5 minutes and looked GREAT!! 

The burger was Fresh and handmade with Fresh veggies and the fries hot & crisp!! Delicious!!

I wanted to try some tacos but it was damn hot--have to save something for next time right? 

If you see this guy parked in a shopping center near you--do yourself a favor and stop by!!
The food around UNLV, generally, is pretty terrible. Whenever I get the heads up that there's a new spot in the vicinity, I'm usually one of the first to give it a shot. Even the 100+ degree heat couldn't stop me from stumbling in. 

I wasn't expecting much from a random food truck, but after reading the menu, this place wasn't messing around. It had some legit food; not just some standard run-of-the-mill snack bar food. They had a wide range of wraps, tacos, hot dogs, salads and custom burgers (ranging from Hawaiian burgers, turkey to boca). Prices weren't bad either. For $5, I walked out with two generously sized blackened mahi mahi tacos, which were awesome. I should have added some sweet potato fries for an extra $1, but I guess that'll be for another time.

The only downside is walking through the scalding heat to reach this place. There's no AC around, so your best bet is to arrive by car and eat carside with the AC blaring. For the most part, the truck seems to be stationed mainly across the street from UNLV at the car wash lot. Occasionally, there is a special occasion that needs to be catered to, but I see the truck here fairly often. I check up on their Facebook page (http://www.facebook.com/pages/Las-Vegas-NV/Curbside-Cafe/129298443760458) to get a good update on schedules and locations.

If you see this place, definitely stop by to try it. Sure, there isn't as much buzz around this truck as there is with the Slider Truck or Fuku Burger, but the food is definitely up there to keep coming back to.
You mean I can get a tandoori chicken sandwich with mango chutney from a TRUCK? 

The tandoori chicken sandwich was delightful. The chicken was juicy and well-marinated and the chutny was pungent yet sweet. The bun was grilled and was somehow old-fashioned in appearance. 

I also ordered a BBQ cheddar & bacon cheeseburger for my husband. The burger was damn tasty and the bacon was crispy and generous. We shared an order of sweet potato fries, but in hindsight we should have purchased two orders because they were so yummy. I couldn't figure out the flavors, but it seems like the fries may have a light batter or coating on them that make them different from other sweet potato fries.

This is the sort of food that makes you raise your eyebrows in surprise after the first bite, then say "mmmm" after your second bite. After your fourth or fifth bite, you may look around and wonder who ate all of your food. 

Not only was the food awesome, the service was FAST. There were at least three people in front of me, and I was prepared to wait thirty minutes. I waited 5 minutes and I almost fell over from the shock. I made a comment about this to the chef and he responded, "well, this isn't our first rodeo."

Indeed! They must spend quite a bit of time prepping everything before they head out for the day. 

I love that Las Vegas chefs are venturing into the world of street food.
I was happy to see this truck next to the slider truck last weekend @ the comic fest. I read about the fries and have been dying to try them. So I only ordered the sweet potato fries & ordered more food from another truck. They were so fresh and crisp. I am excited to try more of the menu next time. They have some good looking food. And they were super fast as well.
Terrific food truck!  I especially appreciate the fact it is outside my work everyday.  Because I'm a lazy food truck stalker.  

If you are looking for something different, the calamari tacos are excellent.  So is the pulled pork sandwich.  But everything here is solid, burgers, fries, whatever.  Doug, the owner, does a great job and is super friendly to boot!

Lately he's always at 3rd and Lewis next to the RJC during the week, except for Fridays he's at the business Costco on MLK.  If you've got jury duty, don't eat in the crappy (and expensive) cafe inside.  Brave the joys of security again and go outside for food from Doug!

Follow him on Twitter to confirm locations (@CurbsideCafeLV) or check out his website or call!
One of the better trucks in Las Vegas. The thing that really stood out to me was the quality of the ingredients. Restaurant quality burger at the price of fast food place that comes from a truck, you can't get any better than that. Well worth your money because Curbside Cafe is the same price as its fellow competitors, but the burgers here are bigger. Fries are only additional $1. Try this truck out! You will not be let down. The only thing I'm asking for is that the all american burger should have had some type of special sauce, even if there is a condiment bar. Other than that, the food is great!
Mark your calenders everybody, CURBSIDE CAFE is parked at Hanshik Tacos home every Second Sunday of the month!  I was excited to hear that Curbside Cafe was gonna collabo with Hanshik and Snow Ono cuz I never had CC before! But  now that I have, it's really good! Prices are really cheap for what you get.  A more than full size burger for around 6 bucks and an extra dollar for a bed of french fries.

I ordered the Baja Burger and the Sonoran Dog, both were HUGE!  The Baja Burger had a nice spicy kick AND a punch! Overall a good burger. The Sonoran Dog had a big kosher dog sliced down the middle with fresh, thin, crunchy onion strings on top of it and bacon and pico de gallo.  Flavor was definitely there. 

We didn't have to wait for our food long at all, food came super speedy fast.  Curbside Cafe has QUANTITY AND QUALITY! Like Arnold says.. "I'll be bock."
Hooray for 2nd Sundays @ Hanshiktaco! Not so much because I love Hanshiktaco. But more because it featured Curbside Cafe, a food truck that I've been wanting to try forever, and Snow Ono Shave Ice, a food bus that I've recently fallen in love with. Valentine's/Haterade Day has nothing on Snow Ono!

Anyway, this is about Curbside Cafe. I tried their Blackened Mahi Mahi taco and their Calamari taco. It's only $5 for both. What a great deal! They are ridiculously delicious and a great size. In fact, the mahi mahi is dangerously close to not fitting inside that double tortilla. Yum, yum, and YUM!

Usually with food trucks, I wait until I try more items before I give a five. I don't see a point with Curbside. It saves me from having to update my review after I try more items. And believe me, after that incredibly positive experience, I will definitely be trying more items. I really can't see a scenario where my rating drops below a five. Their food looks and tastes that amazing. And Doug is a great guy. Five stars all the way.
I had a chance to try Curbside Cafe at 2nd Sundays @ Hanshiktaco a couple of weeks ago. I had the Grilled Cheese with fries. It was so good ! The bread was nice and thick and it had 3 gooey cheeses in it. It's a must try for all of you grilled cheese lovers out there!
What can I say....Curbside Cafe has been a blessing to the downtown area! On behalf of all the state and federal employees that work in the downtown area I want to say THANK YOU for giving us the option of enjoying DELICIOUS and REASONABLY priced food instead of the bland and overpriced food in the court cafeteria! I love your guys' seafood tacos and sweet potatoes fries, but the Burgers are out of this world ( I highly recommend the Bacon Cheddar Burger). Please keep coming to the downtown area @ Lewis and 3rd!
I finally tried some of the food from the Curbside Cafe truck at the Costco Food Truck Fest #2 yesterday.  Overall I thought it was just okay at best.

I tried their seafood tacos. The Blackened Mahi Fish Taco and also their Fried Calamari Taco, the prices charged are $3 each.  The size of the tacos were fairly large, but most of it were the fillers (lettuce).  The Mahi Fish Stick was about the length of the taco, and a little salty but otherwise has a decent flavor.  The fried calamari on my taco were cut quite thin and were overcooked.  It did not look anything like the thick juicy fried calamari that Paolo D took a picture of.

I will chalk it up to it being an off day and give them a try again when I see them.  Since so many people that i follow have nothing but great things to say about Curbside Cafe.  Until then...
WOW. We stepped out of Sapphire gentleman's club at 5ish in the morning, with sunlight sneaking up on us. We're starving, about a $100 lighter and half asleep. Lo and behold, Curbside truck, the only food offering in a triple D breast size radius. 

I can't believe the truck guys are hustling this late. Kudos and a big thanks. We order the classic, hawaiian & jalapeno. All are fantastic. The fries are whatever but man, the burgers are to die for. My jalapeno burger came with a white salsa, breaded fried jalapenos & a brioche bun. 

Seriously, must must try. $6 for classic, $6.50-9 for others.
I am such a burger fiend that it honestly takes a mighty tasty burger to impress me these days.  Well congrats to Curbside, because they have not only one tasty burger on the menu...they actually have two!

The Baja Burger is awesome!  The hamburger patty is super tasty, then topping it off with pico de gallo, pepper jack cheese, lettuce, fried jalapenos, and their salsa blanca makes for something amazing!  It has a little kick to it, but it's a tasty kick.  And the white salsa adds this amazing flavor to the whole ensemble.  A truly delicious burger!

Super freaking awesome burger number two is the Hawaiian Burger!  Once again, they take their tasty hamburger patty and top it off with lettuce, tomato, onion strings, a grilled pineapple slice, and teriyaki sauce.  Yet another great combo of ingredients...a little sweet + tasty meat = yum!

I always order a side of their sweet potato fries, and I don't know what they do to them, I think it involves brown sugar and a sprinkling of crack.  Whatever it is, it's badass!  I really wanna try their Blackened Mahi Taco's, i keep telling myself I will on my next visit, but their burgers are so awesome I still haven't had them yet.  I will soon thou since they seem to be a hit as well.

Everyone on the truck is nice, and we've talked to Doug a few times at the events and he has always been very friendly and chatted with us about this and that.  Follow him on twitter @CurbsideCafeLV and/or check his website weekly to see where the truck will be in order to get in on the tasty deliciousness!
Fact: I am predisposed to love anything that comes out of a truck.  I've seen Curbside Cafe parked in front of the courthouse downtown many times.  However, I am usually in a foul mood when I am leaving the courthouse or it is too early for lunch.  I got stuck in court the other day.  Boo!  But that meant I was downtown at 12 and perfectly positioned to try Curbside Cafe. Yay!

I ordered 4 Shrimp tacos and 2 mahi mahi tacos (not all for me, I swear!).  The blackened spices were perfect, not too bitter, which can be a problem with blackened anything.  Shrimp was smaller but juicy.  Same for the mahi mahi.  It was on the small side but full of flavor and totally felt like I got my money's worth.  The best part was the crisp cabbage and dressing drizzled over the taco.  Price was very reasonable as well.  Can't wait to try some of their burgers.  Also, I eat like a fat trucker and two tacos were more than enough to fill me up!
On my first excursion to Vegas STreats, I decided to try this. Tasty Buns looked really weird, the Cheese Steak Truck was ridiculously overpriced and the lines for Fuku and the Slider Truck were WAY too long, so I decided Curbside Cafe it is. 

Okay, the burgers and hot dogs looked gross, but Calamari and Tacos? TOGETHER? FUCK YES. Some of you may think that's gross, and I was kind of squicked out by the idea of it at first, but then I decided, well I took a chance with Fuku and Slidin' did I not? So why not try this concoction? 

A few minutes later, I began pondering this: WHY DON'T MORE PLACES MAKE CALAMARI TACOS? The thing was so amazing. With Cojita cheese as well, a cheese that's rare in Mexican food around these parts. 

Unfortunately, this truck seems to have a very sporadic schedule, and I don't think ANYONE is ever in the mood to hunt a food truck down, so I guess I'll have to wait until the next STreats to have this thing again. I swear, I could eat that calamari taco for days.
Walk away feeling happy and satisfied.  It's a gormet delight on wheels, located in front of the RJC downtown.  Clean, friendly and fresh!  Had two mahi mahi tacos, which took me back to the islands of Hawaii.  Just wish they had a "dedicated" place to sit and eat. But, don't let that stop you --it's truly an exceptional place downtown.
The Mahi Tacos were, aside from being super duper spicy, AMAZING.

We were at the Vegas Streats event in down town and cannot recommend this truck, ENOUGH. Try it, you won't regret it :)
Much less flashier than most Food Trucks- but Damn Good food!
I've been to many of the food trucks, in fact, it was my mission for a while to try as many of them as possible, but still, there's always one dish that stands above them all, the blackened mahi mahi tacos from Curbside Cafe.  They're just the perfect combination of spicy and rich thanks to that sauce.  If there's anything the owner of this truck knows it is fish so don't hesitate to get any of his tacos even if calamari strikes you as odd.  You won't be disappointed.  

The last time I ate from their truck was at Vegas Streats and luckily for me it was quick, although I definitely wouldn't mind seeing his truck get more business, it's just his truck usually isn't where people would go for them. So here I am, doing my little part to promote those tacos, because man, if they weren't around anymore, I just wouldn't know what to do with myself.
I decided to try Curbside Cafe for the first time when I attended my first Vegas Streats at El Cortez last month. Honestly, the only reason why we decided to grab dinner from Curbside Cafe rather than any of the other food trucks was because there was no line for Curbside Cafe. With that in mind, I didn't really have high expectations for my burger. I decided to get the bacon cheddar burger, which comes with sweet barbecue sauce in it and a side of sweet potato fries. The fries were good but nothing special but the burger was delicious and I'm not usually a big fan of burgers. The Angus beef was cooked perfectly and the onion strings in the burger gave it a nice finish. 

You should definitely check them out if you have the chance to :]
Curbside Cafe recently took out a restraining order against me because I was stalking them all over town.  Any time I came across their food truck, I started applauding loudly and repeatedly telling them that I love them.  

What inspired this level of obsessiveness?  Spice and seasoning in a food truck.  Hot damn, it's good.  

Their Mahi Mahi tacos are brilliant--pan fried fish that's still flaky and coated in rich seasoning.  Here's the best compliment I can give those tacos: I don't like fish and I usually won't touch fish unless it's deep fried, but I order the Mahi Mahi tacos almost every time I hit up this truck.  First, because the fish tastes great in the seasoning they cook it in.  Second, because the salsa blanca that they use as a topping is fired-up and sweat-inducing spicy.  It's just a great taco with wonderful flavors on top of crisp cabbage and a fresh flour tortilla.   

And the only thing that steers me away from the tacos is their burgers.  I love a good burger, but the big question is always will the kitchen over cook the ground beef patty.  And that's where Curbside Cafe completely earned me as their official stalker--serving me a perfectly-cooked, medium-rare patty.  I order the Baja burger repeatedly and they pump out my burger order to go with a patty topped in fried jalapenos, their excellent salsa blanca and fresh pico.  So good that I'd put Curbside Cafe on the list of top burgers in Vegas. 

They're also serving up some excellent sweet potato fries.  While I know sweet potatoes have been the rage for a few years now, Curbside Cafe adds a little something extra to the mix.  I'm pretty sure I tasted bown sugar and salt on my order.  Whatever it is, I'm sold.

I just love them soooooo much.  I have an entire wall of my room devoted to Curbside Cafe and I'm pretty sure that if I just keep coming back to the truck, they'll realize they love me.  And one day they might lift that restraining order.
It all started for me with this simple, sweet, innocent truck ... It was late one night and craving a good burger. What I found was a gourmet style burger, towered with onion straws and sweet potato fries . I was very satisfied.

As days went on, I questioned myself as to, really, I am driving around and speaking so highly of a food truck -  -  -  yes, I was and still am, especially now the the owner Doug is the Chef again.  Yes, I did say Chef, not cook - Doug has a lot of experiences in the culinary world.
Dear Curbside Cafe;

 I LOVE YOU, Thank you for coming to the Sprint call center with your wonderful food. I was very thrilled to have not only a food-truck with a Boca Burger option, but the option to have it replace the meat in any burger. Plus those fried onions on the burger was so delicious the I was licking the paper tray the food came in. The french fries were the best I have ever had from a food truck, oh and back to the Boca burger, please tell me how you made the patty taste better then it usually does, I will give you anything for that secret, ok maybe not my 1st born child, shes to sweet to give up, but you can have the younger one, careful she bites.

Thank you

P.S. I will be the one throwing people out of the way so I can order, the next time you come!
Enjoyed Curbside Cafe food truck today at an event. Sampled salad with grilled chicken, burger and hot dog, along with cake pops and cupcake. They were very accommodating and did the burger protein style.
No matter how many vegetables I love to eat, I still CRAVE a great burger.  My family and I had the pleasure of encountering this food truck today at Sunday Funday held at Lee's Liquor hosted by Roamin' Dough.  We cannot stop talking about how  much we love these burgers!  My son had a cheeseburger with bacon and onion straws and I couldn't stop stealing bite after bite!  It was great meat cooked just right, great toppings and the bun complimented it 100% perfect!  

If you are a burger fanatic like myself, than you know that Fatburger has the best burger just plain...and this place has the best 'topped' burger!!  Can't wait to have it again!!
A small group of my colleagues and I were told that this truck makes a weekly stop in the neighborhood of our office and so we scheduled a trip to check it out today.  Our total order included the Mahi Mahi tacos, pulled pork sandwich, Sonoran Hot Dog, normal french fries and sweet potato fries.  Everything was eaten...quickly!

Reviews:
Mahi Mahi - very flavorful and good proportion of fillings in the flour tortilla, the negative was that the serving of Mahi was really small.  The spices were good.
Pulled Pork - ridiculous good was the unanimous review.  The BBQ sauce on the pork was sweet but not overpowering.  The bun itself was delicious and the crispy onions on top added great texture.
Sonoran Hot Dog - really good.  We laughed out loud that a Kosher hot dog was wrapped in bacon but he said it tasted great.  The cheese, crispy onions and sauce flavors all combinded nicely.  The bun was tasty and strong enough to hold all of these messy ingredients without falling apart.
Sweet Potato Fries - they were not crispy, there were just the right size and cooked through for the cut and season correctly.  One of the tasters that is strictly a crispy-sweet-potato-fry kind of person said that she really like the texture and flavor.
French Fries - great!  It was a treat to have something deep fried and salty for my lunch rather than the normal leftovers I'm used to.  

Since lunch time, we've all decided that we will try it again next week and have recruited a couple more co-workers to join us.   

One thing exciting is that all of the burgers can be substitued with a Vegan Boca burger.  It is great to see more eating facilities, stationary or not that are offering choices for persons that do not consume animal products.
Ate here during the Three Angry Wives St. Patrick's Day celebration.

i cannot believe how good their burgers are. Seriously. First of all, they are beautiful. So pretty, you almost don't want to eat it. Their classic cheeseburger is topped with cheddar, fried onion straws, romaine lettuce, and a fresh tomato. The buns are a yellowy brioche, and taste freshly baked. 

Their fries were good too. The service was super friendly and fast. I hope i run into this truck again. This is, so far, my favorite burger in Vegas- and that's saying a lot with all the great burgers we have in this city!
I ventured from the Yelp Elite Event at Cathouse to the Sapphire Gentlemen's Club where Curbside's truck was parked.  I had to try a Vegas street truck while I was here and this was one on my radar.  Now, many who may read this will think that I'm full of crap in saying that I went to Sapphire just to get food from the truck there.  Well, I did...I had money to get food and no money to get in the door!  

I got the Sonoran hot dog with deep fried jalapeno peppers and bacon along with some select garnish sauces and a single mahi mahi fish taco.  Holy crap...this food was good.  They gave me a pretty large piece of fish and the hot dog bun was crispy which kept all the stuff inside and not falling out.

Special thanks to the Sapphire valet who allowed me to park there and get food.  Thanks dude.

I'm surprised food trucks don't do similar things at other gentlemen clubs that don't serve food.  Both the club workers and their customers need to eat and this can work out for both parties involved.  And usually the taxi drivers waiting also are potential customers.   

Anyways, good late eats meal from some cool operators of this truck.  I'll keep my eye to try one more before I leave town.
Curbside Cafe frequents my office building often so whenever they stop by, I always try to order from them. I'm all about supporting small and local businesses! Anyway, on with the food.

On my most recent visit, I ordered the special which was the Baja Chicken Sandwich. You can add fries to any order for a $1 but that is way too much food for me during lunch = food coma. The sandwich itself was delicious. The chicken was a little on the small side but still packed a lot of flavor. One of my colleagues had it as well and he loved it. 

Here's a few tips: you can substitute chicken for any of the burgers at no extra charge. I did not know that until recently. Also, they accept all types of credit cards which makes it very convenient when one does not have cash.
Alright, lets get straight to the point..

I found their pulled pork sandwich to be a little dry and in need of more bbq sauce. Don't get me wrong it was good. Loved the grilled sweet onions, but i did notice it was lacking something.. and i think a little more sauce was that.

Can't complain, it was a free sample.

I'm going to have to give them another shot sooner than later!
Freshly prepared dishes, but POOR VALUE. Ordered $6 blackened mahi-mahi tacos which contained about one ounce of fish filling. I get more filling in $1.50 tacos I get at Mexican taquerias.  Two star rating also given due to lack of flavor and spiciness.
Had a vegetarian burger it was very filling
Really friendly staff! Out here on first friday had the falafel patty on the classic burger. Really delicious and really fresh food. Good prices as well. :)
My first food truck I ate out in Nevada and it did not disappoint. The burgers might not be In-N-Out quality but it certainly has the creativity that In-N-Out lacks. To my surprise, it was good. I enjoyed my double patty burger. On a scale of 1-10, I'd give this place an 8. 

I ordered the Baja Burger and I was in for a treat. The Baja Burger was juicy and spicy to my delight. Mild, IMO, and flavorful. The fried jalapenos, pico de gallo, pepper jack cheese, everything came together like mosh pit a a KISS concert and fires flare out of the stage. It rocked my world, it was awesome. The fries were a nice plus as well. $1 for what can be considered a Small at McD.

Yelp deal doesn't work anymore but this place serve surprisingly good burger. If I'm ever around the Las Vegas outlet again, I better hope to see that truck again cause the food court sucks.
Okay, just stumbled upon this fantastic place at the mall. Let's just say amazing! I ordered the classic burger. With sweet potatoe fries. They're fries oh my god I can't even begin to explain how awesome they are. Not you're ordinary sweet potatoe fries. Drizzled with cinnamon, sugar and tad salt. Yummy. My boyfriend had the Baja burger with the regular fries. He loved my sweet poratoe fries so much he ordered an extra  side for himself. 
Everything they make is made FRESH! No preservatives nothing! 
We were conversating with the owner while waiting for our food, nice guy great staff. I definitely recommend this place seriously. 
We will be back! :)
The guy who took my order was super rude. According to my co-worker his attitude changes depending on who it is. He was super nice to the females in front of him but rude to others.  He yelled at me asking for my name, but since I was hungry I still went. I don't know why. 

He was rude to the Asian foreigners after me. 

The chief was super nice and changed my order last minute when I asked him. (I ordered Buffalo Chicken strips and wanted the sauce on the side.) It was $7 and came with fries. Not a horrible price for 3 chicken strips, but I will never go back because of his attitude. He was on his bluetooth taking care of his personal business and treating customers horribly!
I have tried a multitude of food trucks in this city and I gotta say curbside has not only the best burgers but also great prices for the portion size. My go to burger is of course the bacon cheddar burger.
Curbside cafe has to be the best food truck in Vegas. I would highly recommend it to anyone I know. I have had the baja burger and seafood tacos, both were unbelievably amazing! The staff was incredibly nice and helpful as well! I love everything about this food truck.
Great food (had the classic burger which has lettuce, tomato, onions, and cheese I believe).
Reasonable prices.
Quick service.
Friendly man took our order.

Enjoyed the experience of eating from a food truck, and would recommend it.

They also accept credit cards!
Hawaiian burger is AMAZING!!!! And chili Fries and sweet potato fries are great too!  Great customer service- very personal and genuine, and ya can't find that any more!!
Today was the first time I've tried Port of Subs. I always thought it would be a normal sandwich sub place like Subway or Blimpie and I'm normally willing to drive to Capriotti's or Jimmy Johns. Port of Subs was a nice surprise.

I got a medium (5" for about $5 something)  #1 on wheat which is ham, cappacola, & salami. It was a fatty with lots of meat. I thought they'd be stingy like how subway is with their meat. The size was actually pretty big for being 5". My boyfriend got a large which is 12" and he couldn't finish it all. I got mine topped with lettuce, red onions, black olives, thinly sliced pickles, and peppers. It was pretty damn good! The bread soft and fresh. 

The establishment is clean and the staff are very helpful and nice. I will definitely return again since it is so close to where I live!
Wow!!! Let me repeat, WOW!!!! I didn't get the names of the two employees who were on shift that night, but WOW!!!!! I walked in about 7:50 and KNEW they were closing at 8:00... The female employee already had the meat machine broken down and was cleaning it.  I asked if they were still open.  Wow!!! No groans, no evil eye, no nothing!!! She said yes, and was very patient as I rudely used my cell phone to get my wife's order.  The male helped by putting the machine back together and slicing the meats.  Wow!!! Just Wow!!! The manager should check whom was working that night and give them a serious commendation!!!
My kids love Port of Subs. We had another great sub at Port of Subs.
So happy to find a PoS near my work. I have been driving by this place for months not realizing it was RIGHT THERE. When I get out of work at 8:30 PM there are not a lot of places to go. Usually fast food is the only option for a non-costly meal. Now I have Port of Subs! This one is located in the Lowes shopping center on Eastern in close proximity to the new terminal (T3) of McCarran International.

I arrived at exactly 8:40 PM last night just praying they weren't closed. They weren't! Although they were cleaning up. I felt kind of bad, as I usually do, when entering an establishment that close to when they are closing, but I really wanted a sandwich! The two male employees inside did not seem bothered by me arriving so late. They were talkative and nice while they made my sandwich. 

I love all of PoS sandwiches, but I usually get the #5 (Turkey, Ham, and Cheddar Cheese). There's one thing I love about PoS over Subway - they actually have SLICED cheddar cheese! At Subway you can only get it shredded. :/

My sandwich was delicious and I got a combo (about $8). It's kind of pricey, but that's just about how much you'll pay for a combo anywhere these days. 

The store was clean, the employees nice, and my food was great. A+!
Cant say I've ever had abad sandwich from Port of Subs but this location is now slicing so thin, you can see through them. Also, to put a brand new employee on the slicer during the lunch rush, prob not the best Mgmt decision. Pastrami & Turkey gave the #1(Italian) a whole new taste.
Decided to check this place out since they don't have these back in The Bay. Favorite place to get a sandwich now, come here all the time! I craved these bad boys all throughout my pregnancy, lol.

Only bad experience I had was one time I came about half an hour before closing and the employee locked the door on me, rude!
Wow what an awesome sandwich spot. Was leaving out of Vegas a little past noon but still wanting breakfast. Port of Subs had the grilled breakfast sub. Large bacon eggs and cheese for only 5.99. 

The sandwich prep and ingredients were excellent, I highly recommend the smoked cheddar. Add avocado for 1.50 and you have an incredible sandwich. 

Prices are right on, around the same as subway only much better sandwiches.
Better thank Subway by a mile. However it's just a sandwich. A good sandwich though. If you are in the mood for a cold cut sandwich you can't go wrong here. The bread is fresh and the quality of the meets and cheeses are better than most other sandwich shops. When I'm in the mood for a sandwich POS is usually my 1st choice.
Excellent BBQ! Loved the brisket and the sides are delish! I also liked the chicken (very juicy, not dry). I'm usually not a fan of potato salad but this one I couldn't stop eating!!! Super good! We will for sure be calling at our next event!
Hosted a corporate event last week, What a pleasure!! The food was some of the best BBQ I have had in a long time. ( I have had BBQ from 3 other sources in the last six weeks, and none even come close to Napoleon and his staff.  Service outstanding. Can not give enough kudos.
Will be using him every chance I get in the future. No reason to go anywhere else!
What a find! If you are ever thinking of ordering catered barbecue in Las Vegas, Napoleon is your guy. With only a couple days notice, Napoleon stepped up to the plate and delivered a fantastic barbecue spread for our 4th of July party. What was so great about the food and service was the fact that they essentially set up shop at our rental home and cooked most of the food on location.  I could see first hand the passion that went into preparing my fabulous meal.

We ordered the brisket, pulled pork, barbecue chicken, coleslaw, grilled vegetables, baked beans, and roasted potatoes and had plenty of food for all of our guests.

The chicken, vegetables and (surprisingly) the potatoes were the standouts for me - though I ate and enjoyed everything. I'm not sure how he prepared the potatoes but they were absolutely fantastic.

The whole experience overall was memorable. Napoleon and his sidekick were extremely personable and produced some pretty delicious barbecue for Las Vegas. And getting to enjoy the delicious smells of the on-location cooking - well that was just an extra bonus!

I highly recommend Poppa Naps BBQ - and am now craving some more of the food. Too bad I'll have to wait until next year when I go back.
Had poppa Naps cater my dads 50th birthday when we went to Las Vegas from California. Absolutely amazing!!! We eat a lot of barbeque in California and the food that was prepared was some of the best bbq I have ever had. everyone loved it and would recommend poppa naps to anyone looking for just good food!
Every year my friends from around the country meet in vegas for our fantasy football draft.  This year we went with Poppa Naps and we'll never use anyone ever again.  

Everyone agreed that this was the best brisket they've ever had.  Seriously.  In their lives.  It's ridiculous.  Napoleon apparently has a special rub that he uses or something, but it's unbelievable.  We ordered a bunch of things, roasted veggies, chicken, etc and it was all delicious. 

Napoleon himself is a great guy, helps you plan the meal and is just a pleasure to deal with.  When the nutty landlord of the house we were renting questioned the proximity of his smoker, he moved it with a smile (even though the landlord was 100% wrong - there wasn't any smoke).  

He's great, the food is sensational and we'll never use anyone else.  You'll agree with me when you try that brisket.
This guy is great! Made delicious BBQ, which as a Texan is saying a lot. His ribs and brisket were incredible, but I recommend smoking a whole pig. That's what we did, it was tasty- and Napoleon is a super nice guy, had beer with us while everything was cooking. I cannot recommend him enough.
Napoleon makes some of the best BBQ I have eaten. He catered a party for us in Las Vegas, and he did it up awesome. We had a whole hog, brisket, ribs, chicken and all the sides. His brisket was amazing and the pig was truly a work of art. The mac and cheese had BACON, and all the sides rocked us all. Napoleon was a great guy, and I want to hire him to do any party I have. Do yourself a favor and hire Poppa Naps BBQ as soon as possible.
the best catering service ever.....don't second guess. ...hire the best! you won't be disapointed Poppa Naps BBQ and side dishes are amazing.. juicy tender bbq that melts in your mouth and the sides dishes really compliment the dinner well....A true professional. ..great personal service at a great price!..Poppa Naps we love you!!!
Napoleon is amazing. Hands down, best BBQ I've ever had. They served lunch at our Bike MS event and everyone absolutely LOVED it! They brought veggies, chicken, mac'n'cheese, and pulled pork with a slew of delicious sauces. Cyclists, volunteers, and staff were swarming the lunch tent to get seconds and thirds. I'd highly recommend choosing this company if you want delicious catering for a festive event. We ran into some bad weather during our event and all people could think about was getting back to the festival to have some BBQ! Thanks, Napoleon!
The only disappointing thing about Poppa Naps is that they don't have a retail location.  That might be good news because I would literally "pig out" if they did.  Coming from North Carolina I appreciate the true art of slow cooked pulled pork.  Napoleon is an artist.  It is dramatically better than any BBQ I have tasted since moving from NC to Las Vegas five years ago.  Highly recommend if you need a great caterer for your event.  Please invite me!
BEST BBQ EVER!!!! If you need an event catered, this is the place to go! The chicken is so moist and seasoned perfectly. The pulled pork is my favorite as it is so flavorful you don't even need to add sauce. Although, the BBQ sauce is so delicious you would not want to skip it. I am not a big fan of beans, however, these beans were amazing! This is definitely the BEST BBQ I have ever had. Thank you Poppa Naps! We will definitely be back!
Being a Southern boy for the last 10 years before moving to Vegas, it was a bit of a challenge finding a BBQ joint that met my expectations. A happy surprise discovering Poppa Nap. I'll be hitting this guy up again soon.
I worked at a wedding that Napoleon catered on The beautiful Crystal Pier all the way in San Diego California! (proves he will drive a long way to make you happy)
The BBQ was a major hit! I couldn't believe his prices either. Seriously the most affordable catering I have ever seen. The best part, he just such a genuine, nice, caring, father-like figure to everyone. People just love him. And I can understand why.
The world could use more people and businesses like Poppa Naps.
What a great find! I was planning a bachelorette getaway for 12 girls and was looking for a place that would cater and deliver to the strip. We got rooms at The Signature at MGM and didnt want to deal with the hassle of going to a restaurant. I called up Napoleon and he was awesome and so accommodating. We ordered the chicken and pulled pork (awesome) as well as the potatoes (a little dry but great with the BBQ sauce he delivers) and the grilled vegetables (SO good). There was a ton of food and Napolean came on time as promised with all of the utensils, plates and everything. His prices are also very reasonable. If you are looking for a BBQ catering option in Las Vegas, this is your place! Great food, great people and great service. Thank you!
Yup another 5 stars! Napoleon and team catered my wedding and it was AWESOME! The food was amazing & the service was perfect. 

We had all types of things go wrong at our wedding too, a black out the elevators were shutdown for a bit (guess swanky hotels have their bad days). Napoleon didn't skip a beat. Once the food arrived piping hot, no one even remembered what just happened. It was all about ribs, delicious brisket, bacon mac & cheese, BBQ sauce all over everyones face. 

All our guests had the Totally Carnivorous, Sons with Bacon Mac & Cheese, Grilled Veggies, Baked Beans, Grilled Potato Wedges, Coleslaw and Rolls on the side. All devoured, all delicious! Recommend highly to anyone wanting to throw down on some grub!
I wish I had written this earlier!! I used Poppa Naps to cater a big corporate training our company had in Las Vegas. I'm located in Beverly Hills so without me even being there Poppa Naps made everything AMAZING! I got so many compliments from everyone and got a big thumbs up from the company VP so thank you Poppa Nap! Look forward to using you again!
Poppa nap catered my work party for thanksgiving ! Twas amazing, very pridefull man who just loves to cook good food for people. And always makes sure they are satisfied. Can't go wrong with the ribs but the biscuits are where its at! The whole 9 yards or nothing at all ! And for the amount of food we got at 11pm at night, amazing warm and fresh ! Thanks again !
First time I stumbled across poppa napps BBQ I was sold!!! I have since then had him cater two of our parties. We have an annual Halloween party and from now on we make it a point to have Nap cater for us.  My friends and family can't stop talking about the pulled pork and the brisket. It literally melts in your mouth. Coleslaw and beans are delicious. First thing my friends asked me when they got their invites this year is if we were having the same food as the previous year. That's a good sign. I highly recommend using poppa napps BBQ for any event. You won't be disappointed. Great customer service and delicious food!
So had Napoleon cater our lunch for work today.  Excellent food,  can't say enough good about the food or the service.  Best brisket I've had in vegas and the pulled pork was so good.  Napoleon was very nice and everything was taken care of.  We had enough for about 25 of us and very good....
We have used Napoleon and Poppa Naps BBQ services for 3 events for our company, the food and customer service was spectacular. Napoleon genuinely loves what he does and I believe that has attributed to his success and results.

MEATS
I have had his ribs, brisket and tri-tip. I would recommend all three meats, his tri-tip is to die for though.

Best tri-tip I've had by far, there is a particular rub and coating that develops after it is BBQ-ed and it provides a ring of flavor while eating. 

The ribs were perfect, tender and flavorful yet not over cooked. Napoleon competes in rib cook offs all the time around the nation. 

The brisket was also great as well, very very tender, great with the "spicy" BBQ sauce. I didn't even need a knife. 

SIDES
I really enjoyed the Santa Maria Beans with salsa and grilled potatoes. The beans taste very clean and fresh. They compliment the meats very well.
I've had the best BBQ in Texas and pretty much tried all the BBQ places in Vegas and so far, aside from the place in Austin, TX, there's only one place to go in Vegas for BBQ. When I noticed this place pop up all of a sudden on yelp I was pretty excited because of the 5 star ratings and wanted to see if it really lived up to the hype. I hate to be the guy, but I was pretty disappointed. 

Ribs - This was not fall off the bone, super tender or juicy. It was quite tough to chew on and I thought it was the initial piece I took but when I tried another it was pretty much the same. 

Brisket - Brisket is by far my favorite BBQ meat, Papa Naps brisket was submerged in a juice which kept it moist. I'm not sure if I like that since it washes away the dry rub that was on it. The first piece I had was ok, a little too much fat on it but nothing really special. 

Pulled Pork - This is by far the best dish they had and the savior of the meal. Pork was insanely tender, juicy and EXTREMELY flavorful. I usually don't care much for pulled pork, but if they had a store I would just go in for this. The initial serving I took was just perfect the way it was but when I went back for seconds, it was way too salty. It might have been a mistake, but nonetheless it was very good. 

We ordered a few sides and tried their sauce, but nothing really worth mentioning.

I would have given them 2 stars if it wasn't for the pulled pork, but  if you're planning to order from him make sure to order it, it is definitely something you don't want to miss and the best I've ever had.
Hands down the best BBQ I've had in a long time!!!! Couldn't believe the price for such great food and service. I dealt with the owner Napolean, the entire step of the way he made sure things went smoothly and  gave us a great deal for our catered event. The staff was more than polite, they interacted with the guests and made sure everyone had a plate in their hand. I love these guys! Can't wait to host more events so I can taste more of that delicious pulled pork!! Mmmmm good!! Highly recommend these guys for your next company party or event!
This guy is a class act! Bravo job last night Napoleon! Good to meet you and your crew. And his BBQ.... WOW what a spread :)
Poppa Naps BBQ catered at a personal home for two nights in a row for a company party, and he did a great job! BBQ food was great on the first night, and the second night we had fabulous prime ribs, asparagus, and veggies. He's a nice guy and I recommend having him cater your party!
Let me start off by saying what a genuinely sweet man Napoleon is. If it wasn't for his super affordable prices, his personality would have sold me.

Poppa Naps catered our wedding reception on May 25th and he didn't disappoint!
The minute we walked in the door we were getting rave reviews about the food.
We had brisket, pulled pork, bacon Mac n' cheese, and the vegetable medley for the vegetarians. Our wedding coordinator made my husband and I plates and set them aside for us knowing we wouldn't have time to make our own mingling and all. Even stone cold the food was incredible!

I am definitely using Poppa Naps for all future catering events!
5 Star recently catered my fatther-in-laws 80th birthday party.  Not only was the food delicious, delivered on time and hot, but the service we received was exceptional!  Thanks for making his special day even better.
Super nice folks. Super tough and flavorless Brisket. Sadly.

 Their bBQ sauce seems to be mostly brown sugar. Super super sweet.
I don't know about every item on their menu (yet), but what I've had has been terrific! 

Let me tell you, just coming to a place where they genuinely appreciate your patronage and want to make you feel at home is such a treat these days (but if it was just that, I wouldn't feel good recommending them).

Let me explain what you're getting: the meats are straightforward, well cooked and seasoned pleasantly, but everything is very moderately flavored, so that you can use their delicious sauces without fighting flavors. 

Their sandwiches are simple meats, perhaps with onions or another small accompaniment on a simple, soft bread roll. 

We had a hot links sandwich, that I HIGHLY recommend, especially if you dress it with their southwestern BBQ sauce - perfect pairing! 

(In fact, lots of their dishes seem to perfectly pair with one of their sauces.)

We enjoyed the pulled pork, though by itself it was very simple - it definitely wanted BBQ and really was great with either their original black or red spicy!

As for main dishes, we also enjoyed the ribs which were a bit more seasoned than the pork. They were fall-off-the-bone even though they weren't a buttery-fatty tender sort of meat. Very nice and delightful with black or red sauce.

But I can't go without really trying to sell you on their sides!

First, my favorite: a chheeeesy and spicy Mac and cheese - really, really tasty in its own right and very different and awesome with their sweet mustard BBQ sauce!!

Also, they have an interesting roasted avocado side with olive oil and lemony seasoning that is quite yummy!

They have baked beans which are like a cross between ranch style and BBQ baked beans - not terribly exciting as I like intense flavors.

Lastly they have fairly basic potato salad, tasty on its own, but once again really nice with spicy BBQ sauce - yum!

All in all a terrific restaurant with tastes to please most and hosts that will please everyone - I really hope they thrive here!
My experience here includes exchanging words with the rude woman behind the shabby counter. i walked into this empty ex-taco bell around 8pm and it was empty. All they had behind the counter was 5 trays of catering dishes with your dinner waiting behind dish 1, 2, etc. Old meat, no grill in sight to bbq the meat or anything. My beef with this lady began when I asked to sample 1 meat. She then proceeded to laugh, yes full out laugh, like that was the craziest suggestion she has heard in her life. She then went on a short rant about her place is small and they can't do that after I mentioned another place (Texas BBQ House) samples everything. What a witch this lady was and then I stormed out laughing at that strange policy and guessing if she didn't want me to taste it, there was no way she was proud of her food and no way it was or ever would be good. 5 star gets no stars.
Locally owned, mom and pop bbq joint!

Turkey and brisket sandwiches are excellent and portion sizes are perfect. 

Sauces are DELICIOUS!

Friendly service, decent prices, cute decor. 

Grilled avocado is awesome. Mac and cheese is great. Beans are good!

We live near this place, so we definitely will be back! The review complaining about no samples is completely understandable. Given the area, I wouldn't be giving samples out to just anyone either. Lots of homeless people, so I'm with the owners on that one!
I love me some BBQ.  I have had ribs, brisket, and pulled pork from across the land. I saw this little hole in the wall on the way to my friend's house, and had to try it.  I got their bbq sampler with their spicy sauce.  Their sauce was too sweet for my liking, but their brisket is out of this world.  Better brisket than i have gotten is Texas.  Pulled pork was about average, nothing that knocked your socks off, but it didn't disappoint.  The ribs were really good.  They were the right amount of tender without being mush.   The ribs i got were a bit on the fatty side, but no matter.  An excellent experience and and excellent food.
Went at lunchtime and got the smoked turkey and pepperjack mac - The food was really tasty - I tried all of the sauces and couldn't decide which one I liked the best.. they were all good.  The people running the place were very friendly.  

Its a weird place in that its in an old Taco Bell.. the building is old and not particularly attractive.  I don't know how many times I've driven by thinking how it couldn't be good just because of the location and the way it looks... Plus it always looks empty.. which it was today when I went.  There were a few customers that came in and got takeout when I was there.  There was also a homeless lady that stopped in as I was leaving.  

That being said.. the place seemed clean, the food was good, and the staff was friendly.. If you can get over the look on the outside and the location, I'd recommend.
I`ve had just about everything on the menu and have loved it all. This week I`m strung out on the pork chops. We had Jim and Joanne cater our company christmas party and it was so awesome i decided to do the same for my family christmas get together. It may have been the first year there weren`t any left overs. I highly recommend this place. Great people, great food!
I came into 5 Star today for lunch and had the pulled pork sandwich with beans as a side. The owners were nice, both came to ask me how everything was as I ate. The pork was great, it was very tender and cut well. I didn't like their choice of bread though, it was kind of simmilar to a dinner roll or french bread. The sauces weren't the best but, they weren't bad either most of them were too sweet. I liked the Carolina sauce the best out of all of them. The beans weren't what I am used to but, I thought they were pretty good. Overall based on what I had 5 Star is fairly average.
I was on a work assignment in Mesa and wanted to try something local for dinner so was searching restaurants.com when I stumbled upon "5 Star BBQ" and read the numerous great reviews.  I then double checked on Yelp, saw the overall 4 stars, bought the $10 coupon for the $4 price and made a special trip to go there.

I am rating it 3 stars which in Yelp terms means A-OK.
That means it is not bad but not fantastic either and part of this would be myself learning what to order.

*** SHORT STORY - I would definitely return but next time for the pulled pork and pepper salad which would yield higher total star ratings on a future review.  Also I would like to come at lunch and try the pork pulled sandwiches ***


As soon as I entered the rustic old facility I smelled a wonderful aroma of smoke.  
This was a good sign.  
I decided on the BBQ sampler plate which would be a smart first choice to see a variety of their offerings.  

It cost $14.99 for 
- 2 Ribs, 
- 1/4 lb of Pulled Pork
- 1/4 lb of Brisket and 
- 1 Hot Link plus a side order which I chose to be the Pepper cole slaw.
Since I also had read the reviews I added a
- BBQ avocado 
then included 
-  a soft drink 
Total price was $19.82 before tip and since I had paid $4 for the $10 coupon it reduced my total to $9.82 meaning I really paid $13.82.

All food was ready nearly immediately from holding tins in the back and I was politely presented with a plate full.  The pulled pork was the most generous portioning and I'm sure it was well over the 1/4 pound serving.  
   And I mean well over 1/4 pound.  
It was tender and flavorful, meaty and tasty to the point of surprising me that I enjoyed it so much.  
It was truly remarkable.

The Pepper Cole Slaw was exceptionally tasty and I generally can not stand the standard Cole Saw.  But this was different, fresh, bright with a zing that made a nice flavor contrast to the meat.  The two pork ribs were also tender and tasty as was the brisket but both were slightly dried out. The hot link was actually half of a sausage split lengthwise and blackened but still not a full sausage.  The grilled avocado was a novelty and while I love avocados and considered this good to eat it was not so radical that I would be compelled to order it again.

The owners are friendly and kind, the black sauce is my favorite and the red sauce is a close second all being home made which is a nice touch.  I used them sparingly and will do so when I come again for the pulled pork!
Wow! Local Mom and Pop place. I've been the 5 times in the last 2 weeks. Recently I took me Mom for lunch and we both had the pulled pork sandwich I had a side of Mac and Cheese and she had the grilled Avocado. She couldn't decide what she liked better in the sides as she tried mine. I dont like Avo so I had to guard my Mac&chz Owners came over asked how everything was and if we were happy. We left stuffed and content  both of us for under $13.Great Place that no one knows about...yet!
We fell in love with the 5 star BBQ ribs when they were at the Gilbert Farmers Market a year ago.  Then we saw they had opened up this place in a very old Taco Bell in downtown Mesa.

We are glad to say their ribs are still the best we have ever had.
We got their sampler and replaced the link with smoked Turkey. So here goes.

The ribs, just plain awesome. Worth the trip across town.

The smoked turkey - wonderful smoked flavor and tender - great just by itself without sauce.  (Don't get me wrong, the original sauce is great.)

The brisket, pretty good. The pulled pork good but not as tender as the turkey.

The sides were just so so.  The cole slaw had no real flavor and the corn just average.

We will be going back often, damned the distance.  We'll be loading up on their ribs and their smoked turkey with lots of their original sauce. But we will switch the sides.
I work near this place. Have driven by it almost everyday on my way into work. I've heard amazing things about this place from fellow co-workers and even customers of my own. I had to go in to experience what sounded to be great bbq. When I walked in I was greeted with a smile and the place smelled of amazing food. I was super stoked on what I was about the embellish in. Ordered the pulled pork sandwich and a side of pepper jack mac and cheese. Things changed from there. After grabbing my drink and sitting down. I wanted to give a taste to some of the bbq sauce choice at my table. I opened the cap to take a quick smell and was i surprised. It smelled as if the bbq sauce had gone rancid and took on a terrible odor.  I started examining the other sauces and the same thing. It looked like the sauces were spoiled from the outside. I look at every other table and the SAME THING. The sauces had a whitish type swirl in them that I knew wasn't right. As soon as I got my food I began to eat it with no sauce. Which was really disappointing as my pulled pork sandwich was naked. I am not knocking the way these people cook food. The meat was super tender, the mac and cheese was to die for, but when I noticed all these sauces and their smells I began to wonder where the A rating from the health department came from? Am I the only one to experience this! I wish Yelp let users upload photos. I was in so much disgust I had to take a picture before departing so I could show others. The place ruined my appetite for the rest of the day and I will never return,
If I could give 3.5 stars I would, but Yelp just won't allow it. I ordered the BBQ sampler in order to get a thorough tasting of the fare here. Additionally, I got every sauce they offered with my sampler.

I ordered my food to go and got my order taken and made without incident. The staff here are very friendly and helpful. 

My sampler came with ribs, pulled pork, hot links, brisket and one side. I ordered "pepper jack mac" for my side. The Mac is delicious and creamy, with just a little kick. The meat was all very average and had very little smoke flavor - a necessity for me to respect prepared ribs, pulled pork, and brisket. Despite this disappointment, the unique sauces made up for what it lacked in traditional que'. If you know about pulled pork than you know that Carolina mustard bbq is the only way to eat it. Kudos to this place for offering a version of this regional sauce.

I used  the spicy BBQ - a slightly spicy kc type sauce on the ribs. While I did try the original sauce and the southwestern bbq, the spicy and mustard bbqs were clearly the star sauces to me.  This will be my go to place close to home for pulled pork from now on.
Wow!  Super impressed by the Bar-B-Que Sampler.  Loved the hot link sausage,  the Mac n' Cheese (spicy, creamy, delish!), and the slaw (tangy, fresh, crispy) .  My husband and I have been to nearly every BBQ joint in the greater Phoenix area, and 5 Star gets 5 Stars.  Great food and super service.  A hidden treasure.
OMG, I got the full rack with a side of the tropical cole slaw and jack mac! Can you say FREAKING YUMMY! It was enough for me and my teenager to share and be totally stuffed! The only thing I would change is ... the slaw. I would take out the pepper and celery, and more pineapple, mango and maybe a peach ! I wanted more of a bit of those things to get the full taste of the tropics ! I had the black label sauce, sooo tasty ! I will be eating this again and again and again! & also tell people about my tasty experience! Thankyou 5 Star BBQ, I am pleased ! 
Shana & Family
5 stars for a Tuesday.I went for the Tuesday $5 special (Pulled pork sandwich ,1 side,had the mac n cheese,and a drink) Yummy !!!! Cant go wrong here folks.They even have the sauces at the table,4 in all to choose  from or just sample).Have to ask for the special  cuz its not posted.Friendly server I was greated when arrived asked how my food was and even said goodbye when leaving.


Only cons:They did not seen to be running the A.C so it gets a tad on the warm side unless your a fast eater wont be a biggie.

I will def be trying more off the menu,I still can taste the smoked pecan pork from 2 hours ago.mmmmmmmm
My wife raved to me when she got home about this place and how amazing this food is! So a few days later I just had to try the food. I am very glad I did because the food was exactly like she told me, absolutely amazing! Hands-down this is the best barbecue I have ever had in my life and I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for the most delicious barbecue out there!
Let me just say this:

Ribs = AWESOME
Turkey = AWESOME
Pulled Pork = AWESOME
Hot Links = DOUBLE AWESOME!
Tri Tips = AWESOME!
Brisket = AWESOME!
Sauces = AWESOME! (Especially the YELLOW)
Staff = AWESOME!

I use these guys for catering events, and I also enjoy coming for some chatter and good ol bbq.  What a place.  I cant believe the guy behind the counter got rid of his radical mustache though.  That thing was sweet.  

I have never personally had any issues at this place, but by the way these guys do their customers the second you walk through the door, it makes me think they would stop at nothing to make sure you are satisfied, as long as YOU are being reasonable of course!!  Nobody should have to endure lousy customers, but alas it happens. 

What a place.  Maybe they open one in Gilbert one day??  :)
Let me start by saying that the food was good. It was juicy and yummy, however, when you order delivery prepare to be disappointed. It literally took them 2.5 hours to get my food. It was extremely frustrating. And the guy who brought it to the door felt no remorse. He handed me the food and left without saying one word. Rude?!
This place has been a few different Mexican joints in the past and is now serving smoked BBQ. Saw them last time I was eating next door at the Blue place and put them on my radar.

Inside is simple and decorated with your typical BBQ theme. Service is very friendly and it was important to them that I enjoyed my visit. Just walk up and order your meal and then sit yourself down and kick back. They will happily bring it to the table.

Ordered the BBQ Sampler Plate which has a little bit of everything. Some Pork Ribs, Hot Link, Beef Brisket, Pulled Pork, and a side of your choice. Had to try out their homemade Pepper Jack Mac and it was very creamy and enjoyable.

They also have items you can order from the grill like Chicken, Pork Chops, Tri Tip, Rib Tips, Bratwurst, and a grilled Sampler if you desire. BBQ Sandwiches are an option as well.

You can choose from 4 different types of sauces they put on the table. The black label is more of a KC style while the red label is what they are calling TX. They also have green label that is more SW and a yellow label that is more NC.

Overall I thought the different meats I tried were pretty good. I liked the Pulled Pork the best. Would like to also see some bread, onion, pickles, and jalapeno peppers as an option with the meats. Maybe I am just spoiled and used to what is offered in most places in TX.

Everyone has their own opinion when is comes to BBQ and there are so many different kinds out there. Give them a try and see what you think. ENJOY!

3.5 STARS
I LOVE this place so much!  Every time we drive by, we stop in for the best BBQ i've ever had.  

Food is beyond delicious!
Location- easy to find and plenty of parking
Ambiance- casual with picnic looking tables. Its bbq it works. 
Service- good. Friendly. Walk to the counter order and then pick up food at counter when ready.
Food- it tasted ok, but then got sick. 

This establishment is now closed as of a few months. (Catching up on reviews.)
Best salad I've ever had.  Had the roasted beet salad that came with yellow beets, goat cheese, some nuts in a light vinaigrette and a side of french bread.  Scrumptious lunch while at the Phoenix Art Museum!

If the service matched the quality of the food here, I would definitely give 5 stars.
Good quality food for a cafe located in a museum.  I ordered a raspberry chicken salad which consisted of fresh greens, fresh raspberries, goat cheese, toasted almonds, and raspberry vinaigrette.  At $15.00, it was on the pricier side for a salad but it definitely made for a good, light lunch.  The grilled bread that accompanied the salad was soft and buttery and complimented the meal perfectly.
My favorite thing about this restaurant is that they try to support local farmers with their food.  Everything tastes like fine cuisine made at home... a perfect balance.  They have a nice small bar too if you want a cocktail or a beer.
I was more than pleasantly surprised by my afternoon lunch here.  I was impressed.  The waiters were terrific: personable yet straightforward, and quick!

The food, although a bit expensive, in my opinion, was excellent.  In fact, my Grilled Shrimp Salad was one of the best I have ever tasted!  It was outdone by the dessert, however.  We were encouraged by the Server to try the Coconut Cake, as it was his favorite.  I don't even especially like coconut but it was fantastic!  The cake was dense, the frosting was buttery, and creamy, and not-too-sweet.  The meal was absolutely perfection!

I would definitely recommend this, with some time at the museum, for a perfect afternoon!
I went here for lunch while visiting the Phoenix Art Museum, as Palette is located in the Museum. Wanting something light for lunch, I ordered a bowl of their Mexico City Style Chicken Tortilla Soup, and it was delicious. Contrary to another reviewer's experience, I didn't find the soup to be bland, although I didn't find it especially spicy either. It was tasty and I would label it as moderately spicy. The cafe itself is beautifully decorated, fittingly with a modernist theme, and the service was prompt and polite. I wish that they had a few more sandwich options on the menu and I thought that $9.00 was a little expensive for a bowl of soup, but overall I had a good experience and would return the next time I visit the Phoenix Art Museum.
On Wednesdays the Phoenix Art Museum [PAM] is free, and having dinner at Palette inside P.A.M. makes for a great date night. 

Palette has something for everyone despite the short menu. I had the grilled chicken caprese sandwich with a side salad and a belgium wheat beer.  My date had the grilled quesadilla and a belgium wheat beer. We sat facing the sculpture garden overlooking the twinkle lights and perfectly manicured lawn.

Service was excellent.

Now they are expanding the theater so there is construction to the south view...we just didn't face that direction.

The only disappointment was that all the beers are in bottles, no tap. However, they have a good selection of wines.
Fresh sandwiches, soups, and salads with a focus on organic, local, and seasonal foods.  They have a variety of dishes that will satisfy vegetarians and carnivores alike.  I started out with a mango iced tea ($2.25) which was cool and refreshing, and split the roasted beet salad and the portabella melt (Both $12).  Both were excellent.  The roasted beet salad was huge and had a nice balance of sweet and acidic from the caramelized roasted beets to the sherry vinegar dressing.  It had a good amount of toasted pistachios in it too to provide some added crunch, also included creamy goat cheese crumbles, and came with a toasty buttered slice of crusty bread.  The portabella sandwich came on some nicely toasted bread, and was a nice blend of textures and tastes from the cheese, mushroom, and roasted red bell pepper.  The sweet potato salad was very good as a side.  

Service was good, and the ambiance is nice.  The patio looks very scenic, and I'd definitely like to eat here again to take advantage of the nice outdoor setting.
I luckily work near by the phoenix museum, so decided to walk with a co-worker for lunch one day.  It's a nice short walk from our office and hte walk through the museum is a small treat.

I wish I could write about more than just a bowl of soup, but it was a delicious bowl of soup at the very least.  I ordered the butternut squash bisque.  It was very tasty and enough to keep me satisfied for the rest of the day.

Our server was very friendly and attentive.  The restaurant was quite full for being a weekday at lunch.  

I will be back.
This is my favorite lunch spot and not just because it's across the street from my office. The menu mostly consists sandwiches and salads, as well as a few appetizers and entrees. But don't be fooled into thinking the food is "boring, accessible, business-lunch fare." Far from it. The menu has subdued Southwestern influences and executes everything with skill and grace. The chicken salad sandwich is to die for, as is the pork belly sandwich. Also highly enjoyable are the seasonal quiche, Sonoran chopped salad, barbecue pork sliders, and green chile stew.

In sum, this restaurant demonstrates that well-prepared food using fresh, local ingredients might be all you really need.

P.S.: Phoenix Art Museum members get 10% off, so join!
One of my coworkers suggested a girls' lunch here in May.  This place is located just inside the Phoenix Art Museum (which I didn't know had a cafe).  You don't have to pay admission - just tell one of the museum employees that you're just visiting the cafe and they'll give you a special colored sticker.

The cafe is cute and open with lots of windows.  I ordered the the quinoa salad and the grilled cheese and they were wonderful.  The quinoa salad is cold which I didn't expect but it paired well with the grilled cheese.  Expect to pay $20 for lunch because the ingredients are local and natural.    The food was excellent but I will probably only come here once in a while due to the price.
This place was a great.  My husband gets credit for picking this place.  He planned a day at the museum and lunch here and it was a very nice experience all the way around.  First we headed over to the restaurant and picked a nice shady spot out on the patio.  It was beautiful outside, the weather was amazing and the view of the sculptures, and greener was very pleasing.  The service was excellent.  They were very quick and helpful suggesting some of the best things on the menu.  My husband had the rueben and the sweet potato salad which was out of this world amazing.  I told our server and he gave me a really nice picture/recipe card for it.  It was a few months ago and I dont remember what I had other than I remember it was so good no complaints from me but what won the whole meal was that insane sweet potato salad.  Whats nice about having lunch here first is that you can tour the museum and burn off those calories.   Also the light rail drops off right in front of the museum.  Another little tip is if you are an MCC student you get into the museum for free.
Located inside the Phoenix art museum.  Weird. Lolz but we went anyways. I ordered the bean hummus, oh my lanta, it was delicious.  My sister and I killed it. :) I loved my portobello melt sammich. It was so good. But not too much of the quinoa on the side. :/ it taste so bland and watery..

Our waiter was a little slow on our refills, but other than that. It was very good. I'll be back :)
We loved the idea of this cafe.  Locally sourced food and a changing menu based on freshly available products.  He had the BBQ Sliders and I had the Chicken Panini.  The BBQ sliders were done well and the bun used was fresh and tasty.  The Chicken Panini was cooked well and the red onions were a great touch.  

The sides were the semi-missed out on piece of the puzzle.  The feta and bean salad was just okay, not bad, but not as good.  Considering that it was roughly $10.50 for the sliders and $13 for the panini, it was too much money for the offerings given (total $23.50 for just two sandwich plates - no drinks, no dessert).

They had Stewart Root Beer, which was definitely a bonus in my fiancee's book!  

Overall: B
We wouldn't mind giving this place another try, but considering the price tag for just sandwiches with just okay sides - we most likely will try other options in the downtown Phoenix area!
Loved the food there. I had shrimp tacos, my husband had white chili. 



The reason for three stars is the service was the worse I have ever had and there were only 8 other people in there. We never got our water glasses refilled nor did we ever see the waitress again after she brought our food. We had to go up to the cashier which is no big deal to pay our bill but it would have been nice to get refilled and asked if we needed anything else.
I visited Palette soon after it opened at 11AM on a Wednesday. I was seated and taken care of right away. Even though I was in a seat that was kind of hidden, my server checked on me every few minutes. I didn't have any of the service issues other people have noted on Yelp, but then, I was also one of the first customers of the day.

As for the food--oh my. I ordered the Mission Fig Salad. It was gorgeous. I should have taken a picture of it. The lettuce was green and purple with the full chicken breast neatly sliced to one side. Big crumbles of blue cheese, sliced fig, and candied pecans dappled the outer edge like Christmas presents beneath a tree. The balsamic vinaigrette complemented the sweetness of the figs and pecans in a wonderful way; sweet, but not too sweet. It's a big salad but it's not a heavy salad, not like a chop salad might be at another place. I didn't have any leftovers.

Also, it came with a toasted slice of bread. It was perfectly done--crunchy but not hard. It tasted very fresh with just the right amount of butter.

The cost ($13.50) was more than most salads at restaurants, but considering the local ingredients, I thought it was quite reasonable. I would absolutely eat at Palette again. I'd love to try some of their other salads.
Great menu, friendly waitstaff, artsy atmosphere.  I wish this place were open for dinner and had its own entrance. The Kale salad with salmon was to die for as well as the crab cakes.  Daniel, our server, was very attentive and friendly (and has great hair!) Everybody seemed to really be having a good time that works there. David, the manager was very informative and told us this place is affiliated with The Farm at South Mountain and Santa Barbara Catering Company. It doesn't get much better than this folks.  This is a definite good suggestion for lunch or Sunday brunch.
The restaurant inside the Phoenix Art Museum is great!  Lovely set-up, wonderful ingredients and combinations (affiliated with the Farm at South Mountain), pleasant and attentive staff, and reasonable prices - all in all, the best museum restarant I've been to!

We stopped in for some drinks and an appetizer between exhibits and were so pleasasantly surprised by food quality (without the inflated prices that usually come with being a captive audience), warm service and atmosphere and we actually planned to come hungry on our next museum visit.  

The food around us looked yummy: the sandwiches have great-looking ingredients, the crab cakes look marvelous and have barely any filling (per the server), and the coconut cake is a delightfully generous portion. To top it all off, they have named the menu items to go with their Hollywood Costume theme - hilarious!!
We stopped for a nosh after the Hollywood Costume exhibit. A pleasant respite in the sculpture garden. A nice selection of wines and craft brews as well as delectable dishes. Made the museum experience all that much more pleasant.
Outside of the Good Humor man this was my first experience with a food truck. I was quite delighted. I had the Big Easy Balls, Andoulle sausage risotto and a few other things all balled together and deep fried, and topped with a dipping sauce (I will add a picture), what could go wrong? Nothing, I will be on the look out for this truck again. I also want to mention how nice the staff is. I say be on the lookout for this truck and give it a try. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
It seems as though food trucks don't have as much of a following here as they do back in California, but Sauced can still hold it's ground fairly well. 

I loved that you get a discount if you buy more items. So 1 items is normally $3.50, 2 for $6.50, and 3 for $9.00. So naturally, being a student on a budget, this appeals very much! Originally we got 3 items, thinking it would be enough for 2 of us. We ordered the Big Easy Balls, Turkey Slider, and Jerk Pork Tacos. First impression, they weren't as big as we thought so we knew we'd need to get more but we dug into it nonetheless. Also, any sauce can be put on the side and they're included with the food.

Big Easy Balls: So excited for these, a little disappointed. The balls themselves had a nice crispy outside and it was soft and gooey on the inside. But it didn't have much flavor. I expected there to be a little kick from the Andouille sausage, but flavor was a little lacking. The sriracha sauce that you can get with it was much needed, and it was very good.

Turkey Slider: Probably my favorite. The bacon confit was delicious and went really well with the turkey patty. It was like a dressed up, much smaller, turkey burger.

Jerk Pork Tacos: We weren't big fans of this. The pork didn't have much flavor and nothing really stood out. Also, there was a pretty big hunk of fat in the taco.

Next we had the Asian Chicken Nachos and Drunken Balls.

Asian Chicken Nachos: It's supposed to have a Thai coconut sauce but I didn't taste any of that. I liked that it was served in a fried wonton shaped like a bowl, I thought it was clever presentation. 

Drunken Balls: I'm glad they had small bits of cilantro in it or else it really would have been just a fried ball of potato. Nice crispy skin, and when you got a bite of cilantro it was quite tasty. Again, the cheese sauce was needed. 

Overall the food was alright, but I'm not in a hurry to come back. The things you should try though are the Big Easy Balls and Turkey Slider, those were the better ones of the selection.
I tried out the Sauced truck at the Bass Elementary School Halloween Carnival today and it was awesome. Mike (the owner) and everyone working the truck were all really nice, and I was a huge fan of the Big Easy Balls (who isn't a fan of big fried balls?!). Also tried the Asian Chicken Tacos which were really nice and flavorful. Being from California, street food is my thing- these guys do not disappoint! Check 'em out!
This is my first experience with a food truck in Vegas. I have been to a lot in SF and Sauced stands up to those any day. The service was quick and polite. The prices and portions were reasonable. My wife and I liked the fried balls as it was a great mix of textures with delicious sauces.
First time I've seen the truck parked out side of work, coworker said turkey wrap was pretty good and I forgot my lunch so why not give it a try!? Turkey wrap was a hit, so much that it was sold out.  I opted for the tenderloin sandwich, MAN O MAN am I glad they were out of turkey! Portions were huge and it was a REAL tenderloin, served with 3 lg pickle slices on a toasted bin.  I slathered it with Carolina mustard and am very very pleased for my lunch today:) only thing missing was a couple a slivers of onion! Gave 4 stars because 8.5 is a lot for a sandwich and a can of soda! (pretty sure the sandwich was $6, so 1.5 for a CAN of soda)
Another food truck I hit at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest at Silverton. I came for the Big Easy Balls. I saw the combination online and it intrigued. At the truck I also decided to try their corn cheddar jalapeno fritters. Both sides came with the suggested sriracha mayo.
The Big Easy. Two crispy fried balls containing cajun chicken, Andouille, risotto & garlic herb cream cheese. Awesome. Creamy, little spicy, meaty, all balled up in a deep fried goodness.
Unfortunately, it only got 3 stars because the fritter wasn't that great. Although texture wise, it was nice and crispy outside and soft and fluffy inside. I could see pieces of corn and diced jalapenos, but couldn't discern much taste from them. The fried batter tasted just basically of flour. There were 3 fritters and I couldn't even tell if there was cheese in the first two. The third, I could see some cheese in it, but that, like all three, was overwhelmed by the taste of flour.
At the Las Vegas Foodie Festival I waited 3 hours for White Castle, an hour for White Rabbit and another hour for a sushi burrito... And they all didn't compare to The Big Easy Balls from Sauced! The best part was I only had to wait about 15 minutes! I was mad at myself for waiting so long for mediocre food when I could've been enjoying food from Sauced the whole time!
So, I have never heard of this truck until recently but I must say that I was pretty impressed. I went to a party where the food truck was catering so my food was free and I'm sure some of the menu items were a bit different. I got a vegetarian sandwich that blew me away. It was a fried pattie filled with different types of beans, corn, and other veggies and spices. And the bottom of the bun had some pico de gallo that really was great. It came with a side of seasoned skinny fries and and tried the sriracha sauce blend with them. There were other things on the menu like fusion tacos, sandwiches and small plates. My friend got the Seoul Taco and LOVED it. Hope I get to try this truck again soon.
I totally feel bad for not writing this review sooner. I first tried Sauce at a Yelp event in June I believe it was? and the ladies working the truck were super friendly and the food was really good. Now fast forward to Bite of Las Vegas. I volunteered at the event so I got a chance to walk around and stumbled upon the Sauced Truck.

When I arrived at the truck there were a couple folks ahead of me but I was served quickly and with a huge smile. The ladies were once again super sweet and engaged me while I was waiting for my food. 

Not only did I get to try two of their signature tacos but she recommended the right sauces to try with my tacos and they were delicious.

I am terrible with names of the people and tacos but I recommend this place and can't wait to go to another event and stumble upon their truck.

Thank you for good service with a smile and yummy food!
We just had 'Sauced' come and cater my daughter's 1st birthday party.  I have to say that they were absolutely amazing.  We were looking for ways to feed the crowd that was different, filling, and affordable.  Mike and his team fulfilled all of those requirements and then some.  Mike was great at giving suggestions and accommodating all of our requests, he responded to promptly to my emails and phone calls and made the whole process incredibly easy.  

They arrived early and set up at the end of the driveway and our guests made their way out and ordered from the menu we had set up ahead of time.  

Everybody LOVED the food...the Big, easy balls/great balls of fire/and sliders were the most popular, but the tacos were great too (Seoul food and veggie), plus the fries to be able to sample all the sauces was great.  It was nice that the portions were big enough to get full-but small enough that you could try a variety of things and find what you liked the most.  Everybody had MORE than enough to eat and I didn't have to cook or clean a thing.  

This is a class act of an operation and you can't go wrong whether you're just trying their food or having them cater an event for you!
Always enjoy the food from Sauces, it's not the boring normal menus at most of the other trucks. I have eaten here on multiple occasions and everything is tasty!
I tried this food truck last month at first Friday.  I tried the tacos; chicken tsunami and the seoul food.  They were amazing.  They took my debit card for even such a small sale.  The two ladies working were very friendly.
I know these guys work a lot of events and also I have seen them at the outlet mall.  If you get the chance, try their food.
Tonight I had the soul food taco and the one with the Thai peanut sauce(Forgot the name). Both had good flavors but I enjoyed the soul food one with the wasabi mayo. The women out front were very personable and it was great talking with them during a short wait for the food. I will be back to try some other menu items.
Interesting. Second place I've encountered in a week with a fancy purple and white ribbon from the Bite of Las Vegas. It was for creativity, and one of the Sauced ladies explained that it was for their Big Easy balls.

Unlike during my last ribbon rendezvous, I actually didn't end up eating that item, but I helped one of my friends take care of his leftovers, which included the "Buffalo chicken in a ball" Great Balls o' Fire, and the surprisingly hugely portioned fried mac 'n cheese. The leftover ball o' fire was kinda too salty and sour for my taste, but the fried mac was really good, especially with whatever sauce it came with (friend said it contained bacon, which is always good).

Another friend shared his loaded fries, which came with some bacon, plus this heavy cheese sauce that cooled and congealed kinda quickly in the cool weather. It was decent though. They were my favorite non-dessert truck of the day, and I think I'd visit them again and try some of the other menu items if I see them around town or at another food truck gathering. Thanks for being at Sunset Park'd!
I have been visited Sauced several times and found a consistent high quality tasty meal every time.  I would recommend to friends and family .
When we found out that a food truck was catering our Holiday Party at work. None of us were thrilled. They gave us a menu to look at a couple weeks in advance and I decided to just go with a regular cheeseburger. 
The Holiday Party was today and by the time Sauced had served the first batch of coworkers they were giving rave reviews. My coworker asked what kind of sandwich I was getting I said "a cheeseburger". You could have sworn I just slapped her in her face. " You could get a cheeseburger any day!", she yelled. Hearing her going around and boast and rave about the "Hawkeye" sandwich made me rethink my decision of just getting a cheeseburger and I'm glad I did! I decided on the Saucy Mama which was chopped chicken, ham, and Swiss cheese fried together in a batter which made it look like a patty. It was beyond good and was served with seasoned fries and a soda! I was so full I had to save a portion of my sandwich for later.
This was a definite upgrade from past Holiday Parties and now I'm checking the Sauced Truck schedule to find out where they will be next!
I've had a sample at a Yelp event of one of their tacos and remember it as good so when I saw that food trucks now park in the Premium Outlet mall, I decided to get myself a snack. 

They do big plates or small plates and you can make that into a combo of sorts, 2 for $7  or 3 for $10. I decided to get 2 small plates so I can try a variety. I got Big Easy balls which were huge creole style rice balls. The rice was pretty good and the batter was pretty crispy. Chicken tsunami taco had good flavor with the thai peanut slaw, though maybe a little salty for me. My brother got a seoul taco and the big easy balls and thought his was good as well. 

I like that they have a variety of homemade sauces, I threw on the sriracha ranch on the big easy balls and wasabi cream on my taco which complimented both things well. I was curious about their chili mustard, though it didnt go with anything I ordered, since I love mustards. It remined me of McD's hot mustard, but a better version of that.

It seems on their schedule they are regulars that park at Premium Outlets near the weekends so if you're here and don't want the food court, keep an eye out for trucks.
I hired Jim to do a dinner party for me at home for 10 people and he was beyond amazing!  He gave me some excellent suggestions for what to serve, did all of the grocery shopping, cooked an amazing meal, my guests kept going into the kitchen to watch him cook and to learn some valuable cooking techniques. He prepared Pasta Alla Chitarra with classic Bolongese Ragu, and beautifully roasted local seasonal vegetables, home made Garlic Bread with an Italian Tort cake for dessert.   The price was very reasonable. My kitchen was spotless by the time he left.  I have already referred him to 3 of my friends and am planning another dinner party where I will be using him for in September.
Just tried your gluten free almond cookies...they were so yummy.   You are ao talented!
We had such a wonderful evening dining at our friends home last night! Chef James truly outdid himself! Our food was absolutely incredible, and he is so pleasant to have in your home while entertaining friends!! Our hosts travel quite a bit with work, so having a chef come and fix such wonderful cuisine in the privacy of their own home was really ideal!!! My husband and I can't wait to do the same thing...Chef James would be the only guy we would call!!!!
Very nice breakfast menu. So happy to find a new restaurant with a real chef behind the kitchen.  It was obvious right away this was going to be a nice experience with tasty food - and I was not disappointed!  

I'm Looking forward to trying their dinner menu.
Great new breakfast spot an S Eastern...no long waits!  Great service.
My husband, daughter, and I went for a late lunch and early dinner today.  I had the chicken Florentine and it was amazing!  I also had the cream of mushroom soup and was so incredible and flavorful and I'm not even a cream of mushroom fan!  It was so  nice being created by the chef and having them making sure that we were happy.  It's very kid friendly and my 7 year old loved her homemade mac n' cheese and was entertained in the little kid's area while we waited for our food.
***UPDATE*** I was contacted by a manager (possibly owner) at Bon Chef Cafe regarding my visit. My original rating was 1 star. But because of their sincere apology, I have changed my rating to 3 stars. I really feel they are trying thier best and are ready to make improvements when needed.  Below you can read my original review.

My wife and I were looking for a new place to try for breakfast. I found Bon Chef Cafe and decided to check it out. 
There were some nice looking pastries in the display case. We were seated quickly, and got our drinks quickly but that's about the best of it.
It took awhile for the server to get back to us to take our order. We both ordered chicken fried steak. The price was $9.99 for the chicken fried steak. My wife ordered egg substitute, I ordered eggs over medium. About ten minutes had passed when the server came back to the table with a menu to inform us that eggs weren't included with the breakfast. What? Since when are eggs not part of a breakfast? And why did it take 10 minutes to let us know? We paid for our coffee and left. 
The menu is confusing, and the offerings are pretty standard. The other reviews rave how it's so nice to have a chef making the food. And there's definitely a man in a chef's coat working there. I can't comment on the quality of the food, since I never got to try it.
Came for lunch. Positive: kid play area, lobster bisque, kids Mac n' cheese, and good sized sandwiches. Negative: took close to 45 min to receive our food, had to ask for refills, and the sandwiches were nothing special. Over all is you come on a good day and order certain food you will have a great time.
Went to Bon Chef Cafe for dinner this evening with my husband and 2 year old. This place is truly a godsend for parents. It has a children's play area for your little ones to play and read books while you can take time to truly enjoy your meal. Our little one went back and forth several times between eating & playing. My husband & I felt totally comfortable with her doing so in their wonderfully inviting atmosphere. Totally awesome! Not to mention their food is INCREDIBLE. Best we've had in Vegas. The service was great as well. I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant to parents w/ kids and/or people without kids.
Bon Chef Cafe offers tasty food at reasonable prices in a casual family-friendly atmosphere.

On New Year's Eve, they advertised a 2-for-$50 five-course dinner menu which consisted of Shrimp Cocktail, French Onion Soup, Caesar Salad, choice of entree (I got the New York Steak with Shrimp Scampi) and choice of cheesecake or Tiramisu for dessert. Yup, all this food for the bargain price of $50!

With a curious and rambunctious 10-month-old baby, dining out is challenging. When we saw other families with kids and the cute little play area, we knew we wouldn't be looked at with disdain if our baby would randomly let out a Pterodactyl shriek (which is his newest favorite thing to do). There was an old couple next to us that ignored our baby who kept waving and smiling at them but I understand not all people like kids. The owners and servers were friendly with our baby and that's all that mattered.

Everything we were served from the first course to dessert was delightful. The stars of the meal were the rich and cheesy French Onion Soup and the light and fluffy Tiramisu. I ordered my steak medium, and it came out pretty well done. Not a big deal though since my shrimp scampi was delicious as was everything else on the menu. Their kitchen has an open layout so you can see all the action.

Even though it was a special menu, several items are available on their regular menu. I'm dying to go back to try their Baked Lobster Bisque and their breakfast offerings. You can tell that they really care about their patrons' satisfaction because we were regularly checked on after each course. 

If you're looking for good food at decent prices where you can take the kids, try Bon Chef Cafe!
So glad we listened to our friends about coming to see this new place.  Great food and service for a great price.  Looking forward to going back.  Make sure you have an appetite.  The portions are generous as well.
Looking to have salad for lunch is how I found this place! The photo on Yelp of their Caprese salad was tempting me, browsed through other pictures, everything looked visually appealing as well. So made the decision to have lunch here and Im very happy I did!

The food Ive tried so far rocks! Caprese Salad and their Beef Kebabs was my order.

Caprese Salad - Layered with fresh mozz, grilled eggplant and ripe tomatoes and sprinkled with basil. Loved it. The cheese was fresh, creamy and tender. Real simple salad but delish!

Beef Kebabs - There was an option for beef kebabs as a wrap or combo plate with veggies and ricel pilaf. I chose the combo of healthy proteins, starches and veggies.  Beef kebabs were nice thick chunky cuts of nicely seasoned beef that are fired grilled. It also came with a Tahini sauce that was made from scratch for dipping. Loved it! The portion sizes are average and fit the prices they charge which is moderate. Both dishes I had were under $10 each. Which is pretty affordable for the specialties they offer here.

Ambiance/Service - Delightful describes my dining experience!! It's a relaxed feel where Frank Sinatra and 40's tunes are piped in. Cherry-wood tables and chairs. Natural light filters in through the floor to ceiling windows that surround the place. Love the hand painted wall art. How sweet and thoughtful they have a little area dedicated for the little ones to dine/play too, so moms (and or dads ) can relax and unwind a bit with a glass of wine.  

It's a family owned business. The host/server that initially seated me was at the end of her shift, so Albert and Tony took over and did a great job! I also had the pleasure to meet the Chef Ash and the Bon Chef Cafe crew. All take great pride at what they do and they do it very well!  I cant wait go back to try the Baked Lobster Bisque that's topped off with a puff pastry. I know Im in for a culinary treat when I dine here!
The food here was delicious. The service is also amazing!
An update (1-26-13) to review one, and an upgrade to 4 stars.
Had lunch there yesterday, and what a nice experience. It's hard to describe the menu, because there is quite a variety, from your standard lunch fare to many other interesting items.This time-Pastrami sandwich. This was some of the best pastrami I have ever had, fat free, and piled on nice and thick. Also, Chicken Noodle soup. Once again, as chicken noodle goes, this was about as good as it gets. Do yourself a favor a check this place out. Our waitress was very friendly and there when we needed attention, nice job. There is plenty more on the menu I want to try and will be back. This place deserves to be on your list too!


Checked out this new place as I like to do. Very nice remodel/cleanup of what was a pretty beat Sushi Factory before. So kudos there. From a service standpoint this was a weak spot. Nothing happenned very quickly, and getting the check seemed like it was never going to happen. When we did get it we were charged for 2 coffees even though we only had one, but I was so tired of waiting I just paid it. Now for the food. It was breakfast, and the menu is fairly basic in that regard. What I would change---the bacon is very thin and narrow, although the sausage was good. I hope they change their bacon---Peg's in Reno is one place that gives you a real piece of bacon. Also, the ham in the omelet looked like a slice lunch ham cut into little pieces---would be better to dice pieces off a real ham--it just makes things better and higher quality. Also, the hashbrowns were kind of a formed, wet lump---there are better ways to prepare browns. All else was good. The lunch/dinner menu looks good, real good. If we go back, it will likely be for one of those. Some very inteesting choices. In fact, I am sure we will try lunch at least.
We had the Baked Lobster Bisque and we shared a Pastrami Sandwich. The soft Sinatra music playing made the meal very pleasant. Our waiter, Toni, was wonderful. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. What a lovely cafe. I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
This place is great!!!  The kids area is especially cool for us because of our 4 and 2 y/o boys!  Thank You. Thank You. Thank You for creating an area they can burn calories while the rest of us eat!!!

The pastrami sandwich was incredible!!!
Bon Chef Cafe = delicious food in a warm atmosphere.

Loved it! The food that I tried so far was incredible! 
My order was Caesar Salad, Caprese Salad, New-York steak and Tiramisu with ice-cream.. Loved it! LOVED IT! 
Everybody knows what include Caesar Salad, so I ordered it just as classic )
Caprese Salad has fresh mozzarella, eggplant and tomatoes with basil - my friend really appreciated its taste )
New-York steak was fire-grilled skillfully - simply perfect!

Tiramisu was fluffy, served with fruits - best treat for sweet teeth )

THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!
I took my one-year old here and it was a success. I cannot really say that about anywhere else right now. Thank you Bon Chef for the children's play area and friendly servers. The food is also delicious.
A wonderful local restaurant.  My wife and I brought our 3 yr old son. He played a bit in the play area.  We had a wonderful dinner.  We started with the Shrimp Cervice.  It was fresh, but lacked some heat.  Added some and it was fresh and delicious.  I had the seafood Paella and my wife had the Coq au Van special.  The Seafood Paella was full of seafood and delictable.  I recommend it.  Wifes Coq Au Van was tasty and full of flavor.  She loved it also.  We capped it with a great cream puff dessert.  They make 95% of their desserts in house, not brought in. 

They have a pre fix 7 course Valentines day menu for $50 a couple!  Looks wonderful.    I downloaded a pic of the menu.

This seems to be a great local new restaurant.  Opened about 3 months ago according to Ash, our chef tonight.  Great food at a great price.  It was slow tonight, but they provided great service, as far as walking us to the door and saying thank you.  We will definitely  be back again.
Wafts of Mesquite wood as you walk in... food clearly made with love and good technique! The staff was super nice and welcoming, too.

The green-lipped Mussels were of very good quality, and I enjoyed my Falafel wrap which came with a small bonus salad. A satisfying meal, and I look forward to coming back for more!
Easy 5 star review!  Food flavor, presentation, setting, and hospitality!

Thank you Chef Ash and the rest of the staff at Bon Chef for an amazing night!

We went with the 7 course chef's tasting menu, and it packed a punch! 

Chef noticed that my one year old was eating everything Daddy was being served, so he brought out some specially made goodies, just for him! Outstanding!  They also have a play area that has tons of cars and other toys for the kids to have fun!  This is a very kids friendly restaurant, with excellent food!

The highlights of the night were the lobster bisque, which was the best I've had. Most of the time, lobster bisque tastes too creamy and "cheesy" for my taste. The first bite of the sauce was immediately "LOBSTER"! And the little baked pastry had a nice chunk of lobster hiding in it! Awesome and fun surprise!  I would definitely order the full size next time I am here.

My other favorite of the night was the steak pyramid, which this is only a miniature version of....They said they marinate the meat overnight so it gets all the flavors and goodies to absorb inside the meat, and then they cook it with love! Super yummy, and I would definitely recommend it!  Probably the biggest reason besides the hospitality that I will be back!

Other goodies like the chicken florentine, Shrimp Scampi in lemon butter sauce, and Chocolate Dipped Strawberries & Petite Fours and Truffles all get honorable mentions!  Especially the petite fours...super rich and yummy!

We felt very welcomed, with everyone checking on our dinner, the staff interacting and playing with my little guy, them preparing special goodies just for him, and being able to talk directly to Chef Ash and learning about the love and quality of food put into play, having him proudly showing us the kitchen and really seeing the passion involved for him in his environment....it was very nice and appreciated :)

The food and service here are worth the drive all the way over by St Rose/Eastern (45min for me), but the prices are stupid cheap right now. We had this 7 course chef's tasting menu for $25 a person....and this included a glass of the best sangria I've had.  Plenty of wine choices for $20-25 per bottle as well!

Maybe it is just because they are only a few months old and trying to get the name out, but as it sits right now, this is THE BEST "bang for your buck" dinner in town! 

Give it a go!
Went here a couple of weeks ago with my family! 

Great family restaurant with Great food. A rare find in the valley. It's always one or the other. 

Walked in and we were greeted and seated immediately. 
Menu has a lot to offer for all kinds of tastes. Burgers, Pasta, Sandwiches, 
Grilled items...and lots of desserts to chose from... 

I started with the French Onion soup. Probably some of the best I have ever had. 
One of the servers came over and gave us a complementary Caprese Salad. Nice gesture, however not that flavorful. 

My husband ordered a hamburger. Large and juicy, served with fries. For the low price it was one of the best burgers for the money he has ever had. 

I ordered the shrimp ceviche for my entree. Nice presentation, very tasty.. Only drawback, way more chips than ceviche.. Wish is was a larger portion or if they could serve an entree portion. 

The service was fantastic!  

The restaurant  has a play area for small children which is nice for parents who appreciate a good meal and can bring their children along. 

A must try if you're in the area or live in the neighborhood!
The food was fresh and had great favor. Staff was friendly, seen better decor but the food made up for it.
Great atmosphere with a kids corner.  Our two year old was happy playing. The food was very fresh high quality with a reasonable price.    Kafta and burger were very tasty from a fresh grill.  The vegetables still have that fresh crunch.  Overall this is the new it place for anthem and Henderson
This is a great little place for the anthem folks on south eastern, owners really care and take care of you!  We had the valentines tasting menu and will be back for the full monte as it was simply delicious  and romantic too!   The shrimp scampi and the lobster bisque were insanely good!  The steak pyramid was the star if the show with the mesquite wood taste and tender loose meat melting in your mouth.  The lemon sorbet was delish too and device was right on as well a price!   I hear they serve breakfast all day as an added bonus.   Bon appetite , enjoy this gem by anthem. Mmmmm mmmm good
After reading some reviews, we decided to come here for the 7 course chef's tasting menu, the Valentine's special.  It was $25 per person.

The tasting menu included:
-Fruit Sangria: The best fruit sangria I have tasted, even better than Firefly!
-Caprese-Good.  Earl who hates fresh tomato, ate his.
-Lobster Bisque: So awesome that we are coming back just for the bisque!
-Lemon Sorbet: Out of lemon so we had the lime sorbet.  The sorbet was different because the bottom later of the small scoop of sorbet was frozen whipped cream.  Great palate cleanser.
-Shrimp Scampi: the slice of baguette that came with this is so tasty...and the shrimp, was a jumbo shrimp and was perfectly cooked.
-Chicken Florentine: I am not a fan of this type of food, so I really shouldn't comment.  I got nothing to compare it to.
-Steak Pyramid: Sirloin but gosh, so tender!  
-Cheese Cake and Strawberry Chocolate Dip: that's what we got.

This establishment is very family oriented.  The staff are friendly and attentive.  I really hope Bon Chef will continue to have these types of tasting because it is definitely a great way for guests to taste the different items that Bon Chef has to offer and return for that favorite dish.  

We are fans and will come back for the delicious Lobster Bisque.
This place is new and a MUST TRY PLACE.  It has only been open for about 4 months, but the French style cooking takes it over the top.  Not only that, I would say the Chef here, Ash is probably one of the best in Las Vegas......

Everything is made fresh to order and the matzo ball soup, very close to being better then my moms (hope she is not on Yelp).  Don"t let the name fool you, Cafe, it is not fast food.  

Loving tender care is really put into every dish here.  We have been here twice and on the second visit, the Chef came out and talked to us.  The quality of the food is TOP quality otherwise it is not used here.  Deserts are made in house daily.  And of all the places I have ever been in, and there has been many that I have gotten to know the owners, or the chef would come out and chat a little, but this place is the ONLY place the Chef has ever said, "I am willing to take any customer who wants to see my clean my kitchen is, anytime".  Really????  Obviously this place is run by people who care about the customers and the food.

On my first visit i had the Steak Tower and it was really good.  The second time, I had the wings which were just ok...they were good tasting but in my opinion very small.  The soup as I said was awesome, served in a small pot right off the stope.

I also had the falafel plate and it was really good.  My wife had Coq au vin which was on the special"s and it was very good.  This last time she had the Tomato Basil soup which was excellent, my daughter had the Lobster Bisque soup which was some of the freshest and I have ever seen.  It was very rich in the French tradition.  My wife has the grilled chicken which is grilled from fresh, so expect to wait, but it is worth waiting for with a mesquite taste that is out of this world.  My daughter had the macaroni which is made as pasta with beef with cheese over it and it was really very good.

Lastly, the Prices, I cannot end this without mentioning the prices here...you will find a more reasonable meal in this town then here at this place and the caliber of the food (quality) and care put into the food, this place is a MUST FOR EVERYONE to try...
Absolutely best savory crepes since Cafe' Michelle's in the 70s... the savory crape with shrimp (nice size) mushrooms, and tomatoes, in a buttery lemon sauce was EXCELLENT!!!  THE BEST!!!  Lobster bisque bakes in pastry puff was bold and rich, soooo good.  Service was fast and friendly.  I will go back to try new items.  Restaurant was founded and created by real chefs!!!
I'm sorry but this place just did not live up to the hype. The place is pretty nice itself and the people are friendly. This would have been 1 star but it's hard to find a place a family of 3 can eat for $36. The service was just ok not great. The food lacked seasoning at least the chicken florentine I got was almost inedible it was very dry and just kind of bland. With lot of salt and pepper it was just ok. I would have sent it back but I had already waited about 30 min for the dish and was just hungry. I have to say for $4.99 the kids spaghetti and meatballs is a giant portion for a kid again it's just ok the sauce was fine but the meatballs have no flavor whatsoever. The burger my g/f ordered had good flavor but we ordered medium and it was well done, again we were hungry and it was just before they were closing so we didn't send that back either. 
The trifold we shared for desert also had no flavor. It was pretty horrible actually. 
Sorry Bon Chef if you want my business you need to step up your game. I can't say I'll be back any time soon.
Good food but their service was slow for some reason.
Not sure why since the restaurant was only 1/3 full at the time we were there.
The chef came out to apologize and he was quite nice.  

My chicken noodle soup was a bit salty but to be salt sensitive.
The soup was nice and hot with lots of chicken.

We actually started with the ceviche... it was very very good!  I'd go back and just have that.  

Mom had a fish sandwich and the fish was nice and tender.  

We saw salads come out and they were big and tasty looking.

Will be back to try more of their menu.
I'm glad I stumbled upon this place. It is a very nice place with a friendly atmosphere. The waitress was very helpful and friendly. So were the chefs. The food were delicious. I love the hummus. It has a nice twist to it. The ceviche was great as well. The dessert was great, but it was a big portion since I overstuffed myself from the hummus and ceviche. The Lobster Bisque was new to me. It has great flavor. 

I would definitely come back here again.
It absolutely breaks my heart to write this review.  After reading all the wonderful reviews, I really wanted dine here.  I love and support local business and was so excited.  I was absolutely disappointed with my experience here.

The restaurant itself is adorable.  It is cozy, allows a lot of natural lighting, and quaintly decorated.  I was so excited to be there.

The service was absolutely subpar.  Our server (I never got her name because she never introduced herself to us) was very impersonal.  Neither of us once got the feeling we were welcomed there or that our patronage was appreciated.  

After reading rave reviews about the baked lobster bisque topped with a puff pastry, I was so excited to try it.  I was told there would be a 15 minute wait for it, but good things come to those who wait, right?  My friend ordered the steak pyramid.

We drank all our water and our glasses remained empty until the time we got our food.  So, for over 15 minutes we waited with no water to drink while there was only one other couple in the restaurant.  I overheard the other couple trying to order an alcoholic beverage.  The server seemed perplexed as to their own drink menu and the gentleman had to point out on the drink menu what he wanted to order.

When our food finally arrived, I still had high hopes.  Here was an opportunity for recovery.  Unfortunately, everything fell flat.  The puff pasty is messy when you break it into the soup.  The flakes kind of fall everywhere.  This wouldn't be a problem, but the soup is served in a little bowl on a little saucer, so pastry flakes went all over the table.  Even my friend's plate seemed too small for his dish and rice (even though he ordered fries) fell on the table.  And I swear neither of us are messy eaters.  

We brought to their attention the error in my friend's order and that was remedied, but it felt like we bothered them to get the side we had ordered in the first place. 

The lobster bisque was just disappointing.  When I think of lobster bisque, I think of creamy, orangey soup with thick chunks of delicious lobster in it.  This bisque was liquidy, greyish orange (there were visible oil beads separated from the rest of the base floating on the surface) with 3 small pieces of lobster in it.  I couldn't bring myself to eat the whole thing.

The steak pyramid was just okay.  There were only 3 small pieces of actual steak in the tall pyramid that we determined was primarily made of onion rings. My friend asked for it medium rare.  It was definitely medium well. It looked nothing like the other Yelp pictures. Another disappointment.

We were both obviously done dinning for awhile and sat in sheer disappointment as we waited over 10 minutes for our bill.  I still have no idea what our server was doing because as I stated, there were only 2 couples in the restaurant.

As a small business, it is imperative to be proactive in customer satisfaction. I know the owners actually read these reviews as I see recovery responses to the negative reviews on here.  But if your employees actually paid attention to your customers while they were at the restaurant, it would never get to this point.

The service absolutely needs refinement.  I am not expecting to be catered to, but I expect to be treated with respect and as though I am appreciated as a customer.  Never once did our server "talk" to us or even ask how we were doing.  And the food was not very good either.  I am so disappointed, I will not be back and would never recommend anyone to dine here.
I have now been to the Bon Chef Cafe twice and both times did not disappoint.  This time I tried the meat lover's omelet and it was very tasty.  It came with plenty of hash browns which were good as well.

The service was good both times we have gone and I had plenty of refills on drinks.

The first time I went I tried the Steak Pyramid and it was very good as well.

Overall I would have no problem telling people to check this place out.
Finally had the chance to eat here with Duchess Shirley B.  I'd been looking forward to dining here because I've only heard good things from other Yelpers.  We arrived on a Tuesday night at 6:45pm and the place wasn't busy at all; I think there were two other parties there when we walked in.  Our party of five was greeted warmly by the staff and Chef Ash came over to hug the duchess as well as welcome the rest of us.  
We had:
hummus with pita chips x2
baked lobster bisque x 2
tilapia
chicken marsala
crepe de crevettes  (sauteed shrimp and mushrooms in lemon butter cream sauce wrapped in crepes)  x 2

I thought the crepe de crevettes dish was delicious, especially since I don't eat butter cream sauce very often.  I also had the baked lobster bisque, which I was looking forward to the most.  However, I thought it was quite salty, so I was a bit disappointed, but the pastry on top was very good.  The hummus was also great and our server kept replenishing us with fresh pita chips, which weren't really chips, but sliced pita bread--not crunchy.

 At the end of the meal, Chef Ash himself brought us complimentary dessert:  baklava, my favorite!  5 stars right there.  Thankfully, everyone was so full that I got 1.5 pieces;  I was also full, but you can't let good baklava go to waste.  I look forward to more visits as there are many good-looking menu items still to try.  Five stars for me is always great food and great service and Bon Chef fit the bill.  It's even better when that experience is shared with great friends; we'll be back.
My overall experience with Bon Chef Cafe is this....Bang For Your Buck!!!

I had my chance to eat here when they first opened and sometime before Valentines, but circumstances beyond my control prevented me.  Then I saw that the Duchess of Bon Chef aka Shirley B was holding her first UYE here.  I'm a fan of UYE's and an even bigger fan of Shirley B.  I wanted to show my support for her first UYE, but knew I was going to be out of town that day.  Sorry Shirley B!!

All was not lost though.  Coincidentally, Terri R brought up that we need to try Bon Chef before we start to get serious with our training.  I was thinking the same thing.  And you know what would make dinner at Bon Chef even better...that's dinner with Shirley B herself.  So it's on!!! Terri R contacted Shirley B, I contacted Ian A, and my other favorite twin Alicia R also made the dinner.  Just from the line up, I already knew a great meal was ahead of us. We arrived at the same time and was greeted with open arms from Chef Ash and Team Bon Chef.  Chef Ash noticed that we had Shirley with us and stated "Tonight, you will be treated like Kings and Queens".  All this special treatment just because we had the Duchess with us.  First impression...5 stars Homie. And by the way, I'm the Duke of In-N-Out in case you wanted to know.  

Now let's take a look at the menu. First review off the menu was immediate delight.  Everything on the menu was decently price, okay it was cheap.  Everyone got something different, but we all shared the pita and hummus.  This was so addicting that even with two orders on the table, an extra order was made.  I ended up getting their Tilapia a la francaise, which is their tilapia filet, egg battered in lemon and white wine sauce.  Not what you're thinking with this one.  They hooked this bad boy up.  The dish came with rice, some greens that I never eat, and 3 well portioned filets of tilapia.  This was so deliciously made, flaky, and was complimented perfectly with their egg battered lemon/wine sauce.  About 10 oz of great tasting tilapia for less than $12 is a steal.  Obviously, I was not disappointed with my first visit to Bon Chef Cafe.

Once our meal as done and the bill was paid, Chef Ash brought over some complimentary Baklava for dessert.  I guess when you dine with the Duchess, you truly are treated like Kings.  Thank you Chef Ash.  Thank you Shirley B.  

PS:  Read the reviews. Great service is given to everyone here.  You don't need to have the Duchess with you for a superb experience.  But it sure doesn't hurt. 

Question for Shirley B:  Who's got it better than us???  

Tilapia a la francaise:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=XpXtyXo3q0QC5IC8nFdOhA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Baklava: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=hyC9TYvDDZH8div7ZdJrDA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
Definitely a regular here for a few reasons. The food is of a consistently good quality, the service is also very good, and they have a little area for the kids to play.

Before having kids, I hated going to restaurants that had kids running around and being obnoxious. After having kids, I hated that even more. Which means my kids have a pretty small selection of restaurants to go to, but Bon Chef Cafe lets them have their own little play area!

The child's menu is fantastic as well, really embracing the family that wants to go out and dine without compromising on food quality.

I'm really torn between a 5 star or 4 star. We enjoy going here, come in regularly but there is usually some minor awkward moment (a coupon is rejected, some plate is late or has some issue).

I'll start at a 4, and hope to bump it to a 5!
Very nice place....food tasty and reasonable.  Macaroni El Forno was awesome.  Loved the play area for the kids...allowed adults to relax and enjoy the meal.
I bought a LivingSocial deal for Bon Chef Cafe because it's close to home and I thought it would be a good place to try for breakfast.  We ended up getting there later then planned so we had lunch instead of breakfast - although they do offer breakfast all day. 

We started with the hummus and it was fantastic!  I would go back just for the hummus alone.  For our main dishes I had a chef salad and my boyfriend had a chicken ceasar wrap.  Both we're delicious and the wrap was huge and could have easily fed both of us.

We definitely plan to go back again for breakfast or one of their 5 course brunches.
This is a great neighborhood restaurant.
Had the pleasure of attending my first UYE here thanks to Shirley B. My wife and I were the newbies walking in and not sure what to expect but were immediately greeted by the warm hospitality of owners and staff who graciously took us to the Yelpers table :)
The restaurant is unassuming and the decor is as warm as the staff and even has a children's play area. It truly is a quaint little cafe that you want to keep returning to. At our table was ordered the baked lobster bisque with a light buttery, flakey chewy crust that enveloped a delicious bisque with pieces of lobster meat. The burgers were stacked high like Mount Sinai which left us wondering how our little Yelper would be able to conquer it but did just the same. Fabulous wine selection. Outstanding service and good food. We got to enjoy some freshly made baklava that my wife who is not usually a fan devoured. Chef Ash even gave us a tour of the kitchen at the end. We really felt like VIP's and can't wait to come back to Bon Chef Cafe.
I came here with fellow Yelpers last Tuesday and was so pleasantly surprised by this hidden gem. I have heard quite a lot of good things about this restaurant and researched the menu like crazy before I arrived. 

The restaurant was extremely accommodating for our large party. They made sure our table was assembled in a timely manner and service was incredibly attentive and friendly. I ordered the macaroni el forno. A Mediterranean version of lasagna using rigatoni instead of lasagna noodles and the added touch of bechamel sauce. This dish was amazing. Great sauce and all the ground beef was moist and flavorful. 

Everyone else's dishes looked amazing as well. My table mates tried the schwarma and rotisserie chicken and both were dishes I would be interested in trying next time. They smelled absolutely delicious. 

They have some excellent happy hour specials that end at 6, so we just missed the cut off but I'll definitely be back to check them out next time.
Great service.  The food was much t
Better than expected based on the decor. The decor was more of a diner feel.
My wife chose the eggs Benedict with me choosing a spinach omelet with mushrooms and cheese.  Each entree included breakfast potatoes that were almost as good as those served at Ellis Island.  Both dishes were well executed and service was excellent.  Our server turned out to be one of the restaurant partners that opened in mid-October 2012. Prices are moderate given the high quality of the food.
The two things that absolutely stand out at this restaurant are the food and the service.  

For an appetizer, my companion and I shared a caprese salad.  The twist is that it is made with lightly grilled eggplant in addition to the tomato and cheese.  And the eggplant is simply grilled to perfection.

There is an entire Italian section of the menu that we ignored, instead both choosing from the Mediterranean-inspired section.  My shawarma was an absolute knockout.  I'm more accustomed to having shawarma in pita bread as a gyro, but this was diced instead of sliced and heaped onto 2 pieces of french bread.  The spices added to the meat were simply delicious and the serving was enormous.

My companion ordered the mixed grill, mostly desiring the lamb chop.  She thoroughly enjoyed the lamb, but wound up also loving the beef kofta included in the dish.

The service was about as good as it gets with our waiter rarely out of earshot and a couple of check-ins by the chef.  As is their custom, staff rush to the door to open it for departing guests which is a really impressive touch.

A small problem for me - both the restaurant decor and the physical menus have a very cafeteria-like feel which doesn't really fit with either the food or - more importantly - with the pricing.  Appetizers are $7-$10 and entrees are $15-$20 which feels very expensive for the fast casual setting. 

I'm looking forward to trying their Italian dishes the next time I visit.
My wife and I grabbed lunch today here at Bon Chef Cafe and I was totally ecstatic with our experience. Food was awesome, service was great, and the atmosphere was familiar and quiet. We ordered some of the reasonably priced entrees, the portions were solid (not too much not too little), quality was on point, and they even brought out a couple of samples of their baklava with a coffee we ordered after the meal. Little details like the chef coming out and asking how everything was were just icing on the cake. We're going to give breakfast and dinner a shot as well.
Like many others I was excited to to try this place, they had a Cobb salad and I wanted to try the lobster bisque.  We ordered immediately she got Chicken fingers and fries and loved them and the play area. I ordered the Bisque and Salad, the bisque was dark colored and steaming hot, not much lobster and not a good bisque, If you want a real bisque go to Ventano's, I suggest the owners try it too, because that is what a Lobster bisque should taste like. Cobb salad was standard fare, it was OK.
Opportunities: clear trash from tables as it becomes available. 

If you are the proprietor of the restaurant its important you build relationships with your patrons. Don't hide in the back and never never walk by a table without introducing yourself. 

Open the sunshades if the sun isn't beating down in the windows. Makes for better atmosphere. Plus it allows those driving by to peek inside. 

Pay a professional for a proper menu design and and have have a quality menu printed. You only make a good first impression once.
We were driving around tonight looking for a place to have dinner and happened upon Bon Chef Cafe.  Wow...were we glad we did!  The food was so fresh and flavorful...we felt like we had gone to a friend's house for a delicious dinner:) Staff were super friendly, ambiance was comfortable and cozy and the food was divine!  So happy we ended up here tonight:)
I've been here a couple times and have had both breakfast and lunch items. The food overall has good taste, but every time I go, all the dishes contain way too much salt. However, if you like coffee, I would definitely recommend having a cup.
Love this place!  So inviting, comfortable and super clean.  The kids play area is fantastic!  Loved all of our food.  I had Cobb salad which was beautiful and huge!  Daughter had burger with no bun.  So flavorful and cooked perfectly.  Hubby had Chicken Florentine which was delish.  Other kids had lamb and steak kebabs.  Again very flavorful and cooked perfectly.  Everyone loved the french onion soup.  We'll definitely be back.  Great prices and wonderful service.
This is a real gem, with "EXCELLENT FRENCH FOOD & MEDITERRANEAN FOOD" at very reasonable prices. Large portions on line with the Claim Jumper or Cheesecake Factory, without the frozen defrosted desserts or out of sight drink prices. Bon has excellent wine list, superb wood fired grilled mixed grill dishes. Coco Van, excellent French onion soup authentic French! My lady is French from Montreal and knows French food and she said this is outstanding! I really love the lamb chops & shanks. Desserts are great too! Its is right behind Domino's Pizza just south of Horizon Ridge! The owners are executive chefs from Egypt & trained in France! Try it!
Awesome experience! One of the best new restaurants I have come across in a long time. 

This hidden gem has been open about 8 months and was opened by 4 families that know each other from church. When we arrived, one of the owners greeted us personally, and checked in on us throughout the meal. The chef also came out to meet us half way through the meal. Everything we had was fantastic, and the owner and our server showed passion and enthusiasm for the food. 

While we were there, we had the cream of mushroom soup, and the french onion soup, the crepe de crevettes, the macaroni el forna, and the seafood paella. everything was made to order, fresh, and unique. the owner explained that the macaroni el forna is an israeli dish, and explained that the chef was trained in europe. the pride the owner's take in their food is obvious, the food is superb, and the owners gave us samples of a few dishes they are working on that were yummy and i would definitely come back to try. they also let us know that they are doing a wine tasting in june, which i would also come back for.  

the atmosphere is casual and cozy, and makes for an excellent, affordable dinner. the restaurant is a little tucked away and hard to find. i hope that this won't negatively effect its business because there isn't anything like this restaurant in the neighborhood, and the food is definitely worth a visit.
I went here for the first time with my husband and we loved it. The restaurant is comfortable and clean. The chicken marsala was better than Carrabba's and the baklava was the best baklava I've ever had in my life (thanks to the other reviewer who recommended it). My husband doesn't even like baklava and he loved it. We are planning to stop here whenever we are in Henderson to get the baklava to go. The owner was really friendly too and came up to talk to us at our table.
I am not going to mention anything else about this place but this. This morning I had the most perfect chocolate chip waffle I have ever had................
Maybe I didn't see the right menu, but this is just your average diner. To be specific, I was here for breakfast. Prices were barely reasonable for average items, served at sub-par portions. I don't see what the big deal is. I actually feel misled by the reviews and the pictures on Groupon (which was the only reason I came).

We had a waffle with blueberries (which hilariously is an additional option at "market price" - seriously?!?!) which was just a waffle popped out of a waffle iron and put on a plate. Lame - and a horrible horrible rip off for $8-9. However, I won't say I didn't like the breakfast burrito, though. It was fine. Hash browns, eggs, sausage of some kind, and some spices. Not bad, but nothing worth remembering. Also, a side of home fries which would have barely been enough for one person at any other diner.

Not a bad place, but not worth going all the way out into deep Henderson to have. I may have to update this if I ever accidentally end up here for dinner.
Came here for breakfast. Service was friendly, food was good but I thought there would be more "fancy" options for breakfast as others have posted about their lunches and dinners.  Nevertheless, I will try this place again for lunch and dinner. I noticed they also have tapas, so that will be in the works in the near future. 

c'est bien!
I had lunch at Bon Chef Cafe on a Friday around 12:45.  There were only about 5 tables seated, so service was very quick.  One of the soups of the day was clam chowder, which the server spoke highly of, but I had to try the lobster bisque with the crust baked on top, as many yelpers noted it's fantastic.  It took over 10 minutes, but that's understandable since it has to bake.  I was not overly impressed with this dish, I would give it 3 or maybe even 2.5 stars.  It had about a half dozen chunks of lobster in it.  But, the crust was gooey around the side of the bowl where it came in contact with the soup.  This made it difficult to eat, you had to use your spoon as a knife in spots.  And, it was HOT.  Incredibly hot when it was brought out, and it hardly cooled throughout the meal.  Even at the end it had barely cooled enough to the point I could take a bite without blowing on it.  It had a nice broth to it and good flavor, but the temperature and gooey crust were hard to overcome.

The chicken quesadilla, on the other hand, was just about perfect.  It was a large serving, 4 good size pieces.  It comes with sour cream, quac, and pico.  I wish they sold the pico, it was perfect.  It was chunky, but the pieces of tomato and onion were VERY small.  The person that chopped the veggies is very talented, or the machine they used somehow didn't pulverize them.  The quesadillas had a nice crust on them, and the cheese was melted nicely.  They are packed with filling.  Definitely will order this again.

There is a small play area for kids that I saw some families enjoying, so that's nice if you have young children with you.

Looks like they have a nice tapas happy hour on weekday afternoons.  I'll give it a shot some day...
HOME RUN !!
I've noticed this restaurant for some time now while driving down Eastern from Anthem and decided to finally check it out.  Since my husband and I really appreciate a good breakfast place ( BTW the word  " CAFE" in the name is a little misleading , because this establishment is SO MUCH MORE THAN A CAFE)  we decided to give Bon Cafe a try. The eggs benedict my husband ordered we're pure perfection and my sausage and biscuits were scrumptious as well. The coffee was no ordinary generic restaurant brand. Lavazza !  We couldn't believe it ! ...As for the service....well... superlatives are following here as well.  Our server happened to be one of the owners. He couldn't have been more attentive and pleasant introducing us to the establishment along with describing other dishes and specialties....Now I might add that we are former restaurant owners from back East.  My husband can be very annoyingly PICKY and FUSSY when it comes to eating out . There are only a few places in Las Vegas that he has ever raved about ( and we've been to many) and Bon Cafe is one of them. We will definitely be back  as I have no doubt that whatever we order will be exceptional.
I have been missing out on this place.  Just stopped by for lunch, with the family, and was very happy. The service was GREAT and the simple food we ordered was very impressive.  Then we couldn't pass up on those deserts and cappuccino. This late lunch turned into an early dinner.  I am looking forward to trying dinner and breakfast.
We had lunch here for the first time earlier today and the food was AMAZING.  My husband had the chef salad and he said it was the best chef salad he's had...ever! I had the crepes (w/ shrimp and mushroom) and it was excellent.  The service was great.  I'm so excited that this is in our hood, I'd pick this any day over a chain restaurant.
I had a bit of a dreadful, awkward experience here.  I'd wanted to try this spot for awhile and when a Groupon popped up, I finally had my chance.

I went for dinner and we ordered the Macaroni el Forno (macaroni, bechamel and meat sauce), lobster bisque, and sweet potato fries.  Yes, random, I know.

Anyways, shortly after ordering, I noticed that the happy hour menu was still in effect.  I wanted to order a glass of wine and we asked the waiter/owner if we could order it since it was 5:58 (happy hour ended at six).  

Thus began the Bon Chef happy hour wine inquisition.  First, although we told the waiter it was 5:58, the waiter didn't believe us and then left the table to go confirm the time.  Okay, fine, whatever. Then, when he came back he told us, in a really rude way, that we couldn't order the wine because we had a Groupon.  

Considering we had already ordered MORE than the value of the Groupon, I found this excuse to be B.S.  But, it really wasn't worth it to get "into it" over a $3 glass of wine.  However, I would never, ever, EVER recommend this place for happy hour because they seemed determined to prevent people from ordering from that menu. 

From then on, we just wanted this whole experience to be over.

The food, unfortunately, did not make up for the awkward atmosphere.  The sweet potato fries were pretty limp and mushy.  The Macaroni el Forno, their "signature dish," was boring and tasted a bit like Hamburger Helper.

The most disappointing of all was the lobster bisque.  Maybe I'm spoiled from all the lobster bisques I've had on the East coast, but, wow, this was bad. One tiny, tiny piece of lobster, nothing else, and a weird flavor.  It was also the color of liquid garbage.  I would not recommend this to anyone.

Topping off this great meal, the waiter demanded to push the "redeemed" button on my Groupon phone app.  Jesus, do I look that untrustworthy/sketchy?  

Over it.
We were not planning on having dinner at this casual restaurant, but our plans changed and it was convenient to where we were staying.  I ordered macaroni el forno, a dish recently touted by restaurant reviewer Max Jacobson, as my entree while my wife chose the chicken marsala. Both entrees included fresh garden salads that were enhanced by house made dressings. My entree, similar to lasagna sans the ricotta, was accompanied by a flavorless Parmesan cream sauce. The pasta was layered with a meat sauce that proved to be little more than an under seasoned ground beef mixture. My wife fared no better with her over sauced and overcooked chicken marsala.
My friends took me to this restaurant while I was visiting them in Nevada. Being from Southern California I am a bit of a foodie, but I'm not a food snob, my philosophy is  as long as it tastes amazing I'm usually a happy camper. 

 My friends said that they were taking me to their "regal beagle". I laughed and said ok this should be interesting. When we approached the restaurant it's in a strip mall, like any causal dining location. When I entered the place it was open, casual , clean and quaint. they had a cute kids corner, which was nice as we had my friend's daughter with us.   

We were warmly greeted and everyone was so nice from the hostess, the waitress and even the chefs themselves.  The head Chef made it a point to talk to every table in that restaurant.   

The food was spectacular and delicious.  The clam chowder is creamy and  the chef adds a hint of sherry to give it that extra richness and add body to the flavor.  My friend order the salmon with scampi.  Now I do not eat salmon except at sushi, because it seems as though everyone does not properly cook it and its mushy.  I tried his salmon and I am convinced that next time that I visit this is what I plan to order.  I had the Beef Kabob and it was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  My other friend ordered the  salad was giant and very fresh.

 I would recommend this place to everyone.  If your willing to drive away from the stip, and experience some great food at a very reasonable price, you have to check this place out!!!
Not what we had hoped.  Service was okay, food was okay, and everything was overpriced for what we got.

I understand that sometimes pictures on menus may not be an accurate depiction of what you may get, but I was reasonably disappointed by my breakfast sandwich order. Bacon egg, cheese and sausage on the bread of your choice for 9.99.  I figured, at that price, the picture was on the menu to justify the price.The picture had a heaping amount of eggs between the bread, and I'm certain that what I actually got was one-fourth the amount shown. Also, it was just 1 piece of bacon (halved) on the bread. The eggs were not very good, the sausage was no better than jimmy dean --- this was not what I had expected for the price. At a 3.99 price point maybe but I would have rather went to McDonalds.

My husbands chicken fried steak was not much better. It was EXTREMELY greasy.  You could actually taste the oil.  I had one bite of his and actually felt my arteries harden. The saving grace was that the gravy was pretty decent.

The service went downhill after our server had 2 more tables -- it took a good 10- 15 minutes to get our check (he had 3 tables total - the restaurant was not very busy).

If this were a diner with diner prices, I would written an entirely different review, but it's not so I won't. Meh, I've had better is right on the money. Maybe lunch is the way to go.
To begin, it makes me a little sad to rate this as three stars because the people who work here deserve a 5 star rating. They are really wonderful and have always been professional and incredibly friendly! If you want great service, please come here because they are as good as can be.

However, food wise, I am really torn about this place. It seems like the concept is there but the follow through always makes me want more. We attended for the mother's day brunch special and the food was ok, but nothing that I really wanted to eat again. The Bon Chef salad was good but it had too many flavors competing with each other. The lobster bisque was really salty. The fish main entree was good but after the first 3 courses it was too much for me. I began to wonder if it was just too much food and figured I would give it a second chance.

The second time I came here, same wonderful service, but the food was again a little off. I am not sure if it is a case of the ingredients not being where I think they should be or what. I had the Bon Chef salad (again) and the chicken quesadilla. The quesadilla was good but kinda bland.

Either way, I am sure I will be back because my friends love this place and they love supporting very nice people, but I won't be very excited about it.
Great food, horrible customer service!  I purchased a Groupon in June and went there with my husband.  The food was excellent and the waiter was extremely nice and accommodating.  Consequently, I returned and later bought another groupon when they came out in July.  However, the next trip was a complete 180.  I spent about $70 on food and drink for my daughter and myself.  When ready to leave, I presented the Groupon to our waiter (different waiter, older, some sort of accent).  Evidently he pushed the "redeem" button because he handed the phone back to me with the message, " Are you certain you want to redeem this Groupon."  And, told me there was something wrong with my phone.  I explained it was just prompting us to redeem the Groupon.  He seemed confused, so, I pressed, "Yes."  Unfortunately, he had apparently not written the code down.  Consequently, he told me I could not use the Groupon and accused me, in front of all the other customers, of trying to rip him off by using an expired Groupon.  I was livid because no matter how I or my daughter tried to explain it to him, he would not listen.  I asked to speak with the manager.  However, he told me he was the owner.  At that point, we left and I informed him I would never return.  After we got home, my daughter, still very upset, called to speak with him.  He continued to refuse to listen and offered no solution.  All of this nonsense over a Groupon that would have cost the business $10, since they had already received the $10 I spent on it.  

As it turned out, he was not the owner.  The owner called my daughter the next day and apologized, stating that she would make it right.  She suggested I stop payment on the transaction.  However, I was told by the bank that debit transactions cannot be stopped.  I relayed this message to the owner, but have never received a response.  So,  I can only assume that she has no intention of making it right, either   I can't believe any concerned business owner would let an employee  treat customers that way and not make it right.  Bon Chef has lost my family's business and I will not hesitate to inform everyone who asks me about the cafe what my last experience was like.  Bon Chef, "Shame on you!"
Just got home from having dinner at this wonderful restaurant. 

Four of us dined on everything from their great lentil soup...yes, I know it's over 100 degrees outside...but it was worth it; to the Mixed Grill.  

The burger was delicious (I tasted my boyfriends).  The Shrimp Scampi was terrific!  The Mixed Grill was just about perfect.  I ordered what they referred to as  "Paella" on the menu.  While I didn't think it was anything near a traditional paella, it was one of the best "seafood risottos" I've ever had.  It had very generous portions of mussels, clams, shrimp, crawfish, tilapia, portuguese sausage, scallops and calamari and it was just spicy enough to be interesting but not too hot.  And the presentation was very inventive.

Service was great.  Our waiter could not have been nicer.

You can be sure I'll be back for another visit, as will my dining companions.
So many reasons to love this place! Food is great, service is top-notch, and my 2yo son loves the play area.

I had the crepe de crevettes and it was savory, light, and delicious. The sauce was so tasty and it had a good amount of shrimp. Portion was good too, I had it for my main course even though they have it listed under starters. The service was awesome as soon as we walked in and the chef even came out to ask us how our food was. I will definitely come back and want to try the tapas happy hour menu!
FILLING AND MOST SATISFYING

When we drove up to this place I had no idea what to expect.  The actual layout of the restaurant and its openness confused my restaurant instincts.  We were free to pick our own table. Once we were seated we noticed the Lunch Special card and the server had to go and find out that it was only available during the weekday.  

The selections to their menu is a little bit of Italian and a little bit Middle Eastern, making it what I suppose Mediterranean. I settled for Macaroni el Forno and Yu-go chauffeur selected Chicken Shawarma with fries extra crispy.

When my piping hot dish of Macaroni el Forno arrived it undoubtedly reminded me of my favorite Greek dish Pasticcio. Actually it tasted very much like Pasticcio. Yu-go's Chicken Shawarma was served on top of a creased pocket bread flanked with his crispy fries on one side and a salad on the other side.

It's the only independent restaurant that caters to children with a designated play area. The restaurant is airy and very simple with plenty of natural lighting. The Mediterranean Menu is designed to take care of the working man's appetite without breaking the bank.

I look forward to my next visit to host a UHE "Unofficial Henderson Event".
I really wish I could give this place more.  I had really high hopes. Unfortunately there were too many things which needed improvement.

We walked into the restaurant around 2pm.  At that time there were only a few others seated and eating already.  I will say that this was a quaint little place with a quick and friendly staff.  

So to begin our journey....  We wanted to try the Buffalo Wings since those are my husbands favorite  food.  After the waiter brought our drinks we ordered those as we were still deciding on our lunch to order.  Shortly after we placed our lunch order.  I went with the Club with soup instead of fries.  My husband ordered the Cajun Chicken Sandwich. In a little bit my tomato basil soup was brought out before the meal (not with my sandwich).  We thought this was strange that we hadn't got our wings yet.  Hmm...   But I was giving them the benefit of the doubt thinking the soup was already prepared and the wings needed a little more time.  The soup was luke warm at best.  It did have a good flavor but would have been better hot as intended.   

Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock....   About 35 minutes passed before our sandwiches were brought out.  With no other meals being prepared except ours, I was surprised it took this long to bring us our meal.  I will say my sandwich was stacked with the meat. I wasn't going to complain about that.  But does it really take that long to put together a deli style sandwich? My husbands cajun chicken was just ok.  (I had a little taste).  And still no chicken wings.  Oh well.  

Like I said, I really wanted them to be a 5 star review but I just can't do it with our dining experience.   I know there are yelpers out there that love this place.  Maybe I'll have to try it for breakfast one of these days.
Our meal cost about $65 + tax + tip. We got:
$20 appetizer sampler: onion rings, fried shrimp, loaded potato wedges (big), pita bread with hummus, 2 big meatballs /// so, the hummus was surprisingly good because they put lime and small diced tomatoes and green onions in it. The meat balls, which come with extra sauce naturally, were delicious but not really spicy as listed.

My wife ordered the "macoroni tower" (macoroni al forno) which was delicious and soft... think lasagna but better which was $13

They REALLY accomodated me because I enquired about something which wasn't suppose to be on the menu as it was seasonal (lamb shank)... they didn't think they had it at first but looked harder and found one. That was about $23. The meat was pretty good and it came with this rice which remimded me of paella rice (slightly creamy red) and this big potato cube which was basically thinly sliced potato with ricotta cheese between each slice. For anyone who loves cold potatoes and ricotta cheese it would be the bomb but I'm not a big fan... that's not to say it wasn't good... it's just not the type of food I prefer. The lamb shank was big and came on a bed of the same pasta sauce that the meatballs came with (on the appetizer)

The service was great and the waiter was courteous and talkative. I honestly can't complain about anything we ate because it was all good. It's all a little on the pricey side but what do you expect? It's hard to find this kind of food in Vegas that actually tastes this good.

P.S. Some interesting trivia about this building: It used to be Sushi Factory, then the building was split in half and a wall separated it into 2 buildings. When you walk in, look towards your right and see the big wall with the big painted logo "Bon Chef Cafe", that wall wasn't there before. THEY HAVE FREE Wi-fi too!
What a wonderful restaurant. We tried their seafood paella and the Macaroni al forno, both tasted great. I love how well seasoned everything was. The waitress was very attentive and the chef came out to greet our table as well as another gentleman who was there that might have been the owner. I will definitely be back for more. 

Extra points for me leaving my phone and the waitress chasing me down all the way at the car to return it.
Good service - great M-F lunch, tapas and drink specials, good desserts and coffee. I only wish this was on my side of town!   :D
I had high expectations of this place and they were met and possibly exceeded. It's been on my radar now since the pre-fix valentines menu. FINALLY got the opportunity and I jumped on it. 
It is at the corner of a strip mall with a great not too big, not too small interior. We came an hour before closing so there was not much traffic and we were treated with superb service. The chef also stopped by to make sure we were happy. (love when they do that)
Between 3 of us, we ordered chicken marsala, shrimp and salmon scampi, chicken alfredo, lobster bisque, and the chicken wings appetizer. 
I was very pleased with everything, however I do prefer my bisque with a tad more texture. It was a bit runny. That would be the only thing I'd skip on next time. The salmon was one of the best ever. Cooked to perfection! My daughter killed the alfredo, it also was homemade and yummy. 
Towards the end if you want dessert., there is no menu. You just go over to the case and pick one. I was confused on the unique style desserts they offered. The chef was so sweet, he offered to take all 3 types of baklava, cut in small pieces of 3, so each of us could try them all. 
Based on the hospitality alone I would return here. The fact that the food rocks, just an extra plus. 
PS: parents with ones 6 and under, totally cool play area for the kiddos!
Came here for the first time during happy hour. I got the Kofta Wrap with hummus. Very good. I enjoyed the combination of the beef and lamb. I'm always looking for "different" vs the usual stuff that I'm familiar with. I also tried their shrimp scampi from their happy hour menu and that's a good choice as well. It has a really good flavor to it. There are so many more items I'd like to try on their breakfast and dinner menu. This is definitely a good spot for Mediterranean food.  I also hear that their lobster bisque is a must have.  I will definitely will be coming back here. Service was good and the staff is friendly. I asked if they could extend the happy hour time from 6 to 7 so that I can make the drive after work and he said it can be done! Love that kind of hospitality!
For a place that hasn't even been around a full year, I feel like my history with Bon Chef is a long and storied one even though my first visit was last week.   I'd been wanting to try it ever since it opened, so much so that it became a running joke between me and my dining partner in crime (henceforth PIC) that I would always suggest "Bon Chef?" as an option when asked where we should eat.   This continued for the last 6-8 months with nary a single visit.  When the PIC actually brought it up as a serious suggestion to eat dinner last week, I almost hesitated for fear of losing this running joke.   In the end I agreed we should finally try it and off we went.

We started with some beers which seemed to take a while to be delivered.  They had a decent selection of bottles to choose from, but after ordering the wait got to the point where I was looking around and annoyingly asking the PIC "Where the hell are our beers?"  Then, refills had to be requested by flagging down our server 5 minutes after my glass sat empty, and my PIC who ordered a Guinness was told upon trying to order another that they were out.   Not a huge deal and they supplanted it with another German dark beer, but a mild annoyance.

I'd been craving (and missing) Hedary's lentil soup for some time now, and when I saw Lentil Soup on the menu here I had to order it.   It was decent.   Lentil soups from my experience vary wildly from restaurant to restaurant and this one neither pleased nor displeased me.   Not something I'd rush to order again but I wouldn't push it away if presented it either.

As for the entrees my PIC got the steak Pyramid which I'd been hyping up since Bon Chef opened, and I went with the Mixed Grill because I always tend to order plates with way too much food (this boasted chicken, beef, kofta, and a pork chop over rice).   In the end I have to say I was very disappointed with my dish.   I ordered my beef to be done "medium" and felt that ALL the meat came out medium-well to well.   Most of it was dry and tough and lacked seasoning.  The one exception was the Kofta, which I thought had a great flavor and didn't seem as dry as the others.   The rice that accompanied it was fine, but I've certainly had better at other Mediterranean restaurants I frequent (shout out to Stephanos and Fat Greek).   My PIC's steak pyramid was much better, perhaps because she had the wherewithal to go medium rare on the cook.   Her steak was juicier and more tender than mine, though the flavor on it due to the marinade they used wasn't something that I liked much.   She was a fan though.   Unfortunately I'm writing this review and not her.  

For food alone I would have probably gone with a 3 if everything else was perfect, but with the slow service on getting drinks and refills, the one bottle of Guinness caper, as well as what I feel are slightly high prices for what you get in return, the end result is a 2.  I might just be bitter for losing my long running joke with this visit.  Turns out the joke was on me all along.
My wife and I really love this place! We have been going here since they opened. Chef Ralph is a great guy a great host and a wonderful restauranteur. The lobster bisque is really not a true bisque, lobster soup would be more accurate name but it is amazing. All of the menu items we tried have been very good and reasonably priced.  It's our favorite local bistro.  Yum!
Met up with my favorites for brunch. Located along Eastern, in the same complex as Bratalian and I believe this used to be Sushi Factory. First thing I noticed was a play area for kids...they're definitely kid-friendly. They have crayons and coloring sheets and toys to keep kids busy.

The brunch menu had so many things that appealed to me. Monte Cristo was the first thing on the menu and it seemed good so I was going to get that until I was told about the Banana NUTELLA pancakes! I also saw the eggs Benedict. So many to choose from, what a dilemma! Foodie partner to the rescue! So, we got all 3...problem solved.

Monte Cristo:
French toast, turkey, ham and cheese - battered and fried. I haven't had a good Monte Cristo since I left Omaha years ago.  This has got to be one of my favorite sammies. No veggies, just carbs and things that would clog your arteries (well, except maybe the turkey). But then they give you a side of fruits (raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, cantaloupe, pineapples and grapes). 4/5

Banana Nutella Pancakes:
I could taste the salted butter they put on the pancakes and the Nutella was just a drizzle. Sliced bananas and dabs of chocolate on top.  I had to ask for more Nutella - it was not enough. 3/5

Eggs Benedict:
You have the option of getting hash browns or Bon potatoes.  Some bastard chose Bon potatoes since the server said it has more flavor. What it is is country potatoes that aren't crispy...but that's ok.  The Hollandaise sauce was great, slightly tangy and had the right consistency. 4/5
Totally heartbroken since I just found out that Bon Chef closed. It was a fantastic gem that we visited at least a couple dozen times including a big party. Wish I'd left a deservedly glowing review before now. So sad to see it go, and wish all the owners the very best.
Amazing food and grate environment. Slow service but that's no biggie. FREE WIFI. Definitely going back.
Checked them out on a Friday evening for dinner. The interior is bright and friendly. The service is good.

We ordered a Pizza Mac with Dorito flakes, a Chili Mac with Corn Tortilla flakes and a Tuna Melt with Sweet Potato Chips. Basically, too much food for two people.

Both of the macs were very tasty. The Pizza Mac had pepperoni slices and a garlic flavor. Yum. The Chili Mac had chili. Yum. The melt was the least cheesy of the three, but was quite good too. It had lots of salady stuff in it to make you feel better about what you were eating.

In short, it felt like one of the regular-sized macs, due to their heavy cheeseness, could do an adequate job of filling two stomachs, if, perhaps, supplemented by a sandwich. Eating a the whole Chili Mac myself left me feeling like I had swallowed a delicious cheese brick. 

We would go back to try out the wide variety of other foods they have there.
Mac n Cheese? I was intrigued! Ordered The Bayou with crab and crawfish...sadly no lobster mac n cheese so I guess this was next best thing. Friendly service with a smile, bright environment. The Bayou Mac looked really good, top was oozing with gooey cheese, portion was good for $9.49 (just a tad pricey) but middle was cold. Maybe oven problems? I would cut the portions, reduce the price a little so that each order can come out quicker and at a more even temperature. Taste was good, and may come back to try other varieties.
Comfort food focusing in "create your own" macaroni dish sounds delish!  Located at the corner strip mall that's across from Galleria, in the former space where Atomic 7 was.  Since I have been pasta deprived for weeks, this mac and cheese place was calling my name. So I used the excuse I have to "Yelp" this place as the reason to have some pasta!

As you open the door you can smell the savoryishness of macaroni and cheese baking(..and hear my stomach growling).  A huge easy to read & follow menu is right up against the wall. Also different size containers from the "Lil Mac" to "SMH Mac"  with prices listed for corresponding size is on display against the wall.  You can either create your own macaroni dish or order one of their creations.They also serve sandwiches, salads, and homemade desserts!  You can take your order to go or dine in.  I opted on this visit to dine in, create my own macaroni dish and also try the homemade sweet potato pie for my sweet treat. 

I placed my order with the cashier at the counter by following the steps listed on the menu:

Size: Solo Mac (2nd size up from the small bowl) served in a rectangular foil container

Noodles: Whole  Wheat pasta (your choice of elbow or whole wheat) 

Toppers: Doritos or corn tortillas (I skipped toppers)

Mixins -  your choice of 2 mix ins, additional $1 after that mixins include
Vegetables/Herbs, Meats, Cheeses (Blue Cheese, Pepper Jack, Cheddar) and Specialty (Crawfish, Crab)

Vegan and Gluten free specialty Mac and Cheese is available also!

I kept it simple and ordered roasted peppers & mushrooms as my mix-ins.  I was told it would take about 10 minutes.  They call your # (printed on your receipt) when your order is ready.  It came out a few minutes less of the estimated time.

Macaroni was oven hot, I can smell the cheese and roasted peppers coming up through the steam, the cheese bubbly & melty from top to bottom, mix ins, cheese to macaroni ratio, every bite perfect! Ingredients used are fresh. It tasted great! I only wished that I added more mix ins like the herbs to it.
  
Sweet Potato Pie- It's served cold, in slices, packaged already to go.  It's homemade tasting, thick, dense, with little chunks of sweet potato throughout and the just right amount of spices, you can tell the crust is also handmade.  I adored this dessert because it reminded me of old fashioned southern style baking with just simple ingredients.
 
My only complaint is that custom mac dishes can get pricey if you get carried away adding more mix-ins. For me the portions were fine but I eat like bird...soooo..I don't know how it will go over with everyone else. The small bowl is enough to feed 1, the Solo Mac which I got, will leave you with some leftovers. (Which still tasted great reheated!)  

The restaurant is pretty casual. Decor bright orange and white , mod furniture in high top tables w/chairs seat 4, or invidual seating facing the wall. Service was pretty quick, staff was friendly and helpful. I was acknowledged as I entered and exited. I'll be looking forward to going back there to try different menu items next time!
A friend of my wife went to Le Courdon Bleu, during her stay at LCB, she told us about a friend that was going to open up a new Mac & Cheese place here in Vegas and would be delicious, customizable food.

Last night, we finally made it into Mix N Mac to give their Mac a try. Opening the door, we heard Top 50 music, hood vents with a slight hint of "Welcome to Mix N Mac" Looking to the right of the register, there are examples of each size affixed to the wall. This made it much easier to decide on which size to get. 

Their 'behind the counter' area was rather small, but clean. Two chaffing dishes with Mac n Cheese were next to their mix in station. We ordered our food and were given our cups. I wanted to avoid soda for once and opted for sweet tea (don't judge me!), which brings me to a question.

WHY is it that restaurants have flavored tea and don't bother to a) warn their customers that it's flavored tea; b) not know what flavor the flavored tea is. The flavored tea that came out of their pitcher had a very funny taste to it, almost like the yellow Robitussin I used to drink as a kid, but thinner and with ice. The two employees had no clue what flavor today's tea was, but pointed out there was more sugar available if it was needed. Dumping the tea out, I went back to the standard Dr Pepper and crunchy ice.

I was unsure how a Mac & Cheese place would handle the dish as a 'fast food' type establishment, or like a sit down restaurant. Turns out, more like a pre-made, fast food establishment. Two large chaffing dishes kept some macaroni with a cheese mixture warmed, awaiting a spoon to transfer it into the customer's container before the mix ins are added and put in the oven to melt the top cheese and heat up the entire dish.

We received our food and gave it a moment to cool down, the cheese was nice and melted, however, as certain cheeses are known to, the cheese formed a solid brick of cheese mix over the noodles. Cutting through it with a fork was not ideal.

The top cheese was a bit bland for me, the inner cheese tasted good.

Not sure that nearly $20 for two bowls of Mac & Cheese + 2 drinks is worth it though. May go back again once they have been open for a while, to see if they improve at all, may not though.
I saw this pop up recently and bookmarked it knowing I would be nearby soon and wanted to give it a try.  Put cheese on it and I will probably want it, so when I realized this was basically a glorified mac n cheese I'm in...

I walk in to a light modernly decorated fast food style joint.  The menu is easy to figure out.  It is a bit expensive for lunch a soda and small mac (not the baby size small regular size small) ran me a little over $9.00.  Once I received my food I figured it was worth the price per size.  I got the Pizza Mac it had the noodles with cheese in it a layer of beef, a layer of pepperoni then a generous second layer of cheese.  It is put into the oven and lightly baked like your grandmother used to make before the horrible alternative of powdered velveeta macaroni and cheese and way before the slightly better version of shells and cheese.  

So let me say it was good really good reminded me of my G'ma!  I will be back I may go for a topper next time just to see whats it's like.  My only complaint is the quite tall modern chairs (a swivel bar stool without the back) were kinda hard to sit in but it's the food I was really there for anyways.
It was worth it for the groupon, I guess, but I won't be going back.  The place is small, the service was horrific, and the food was assembly lined together and wasn't even piping hot even tho it took forever to come out, the ingredients were minimal even tho they charged $1 for each add on, and the flavor wasn't anything impressive!  The place up on Warm Springs is a 5 star joint compared to this place.
Decided to go here for dinner around 7:00pm This was on a Sunday so they were basically closing in an hour 8:00pm

As I arrived I was greeted by a warm welcome. The lady suggested what were the popular dishes. She suggested getting the special Macs those were the common ones. But i ended up getting the Mac's Brisket.

While i was waiting for my food i was just surveying the place looking around. The place is pretty clean and had a homey feel. It was a small establishment , I can't imagine if they got busy it would probably be so crowded in there.

So I finally got my sandwich had it to go and ate it at home, cause i felt bad that they were closing i did not want to eat there and make them wait on me to finish i'm polite like that.

So as i got home i was in a rush to eat my Mac's Brisket sandwich. The sandwich consisted on slow roasted brisket smothered in Au Jus Sauce and homemade BBQ sauce to die for. Then it was topped with roasted pepper, provolone cheese and Mac's slaw all served on a French Baguette. Does that make your mouth water? haha then the sides was served with sweet potato chips.

Overall I had a great experience I really want to go back and try their special Macs. They have this Italian Mac i want to try and the Mex Mac.

Price wise it is kinda pricey for my sandwich i paid around $10 kinda pricey for a sandwich but still worth it. As for their Macs they range between $7-$10. So be prepared to pay around that much per dish.

Location it is located near the galleria mall on mall circle drive.

I would recommend  this place if your a mac fan! Fo sho!
I really enjoyed Mix N' Mac. Like many others I came by way of a groupon, and my husband, sister and I went in for lunch at around 11:00. The restaurant itself is rather small, but clean. It seemed to be lacking in character but I know how expensive it is to open a restaurant, so I didn't hold that against them. I created my own mac with cheddar, blue cheese, bacon and roasted peppers, my sister got the cheesy mac and added bacon and my husband got The Bayou mac with crab, craw-fish and pepper flakes. I thought the size was extremely generous and pasta is very filling so I was able to make two additional meals out of my "Solo" size portion. I make mac and cheese quite a lot so I know how hard it is to get the proper sauce/noodle/cheese ratio. The version here was just right with exactly enough cheese to be gooey and just enough sauce to avoid being runny. The flavor was equal to homemade, with the blue cheese being an especially nice touch. I did not like the version with seafood however ("The Bayou") as I thought it was a bit too fishy tasting (reminded me a lot of tuna helper). All in all, I really think Mix N' Mac is a keeper: it's tasty, different, relatively inexpensive and tasty (oh wait, I said that already). Did I mention it's really tasty? I give them 4 deliciously gooey stars.
The wait time was ok. Went in past noon and I was only one of 3 customers.
I ordered the basic cheddar mac with 1 mix in of bacon..... My first couple of bites which were mostly of the melted cheese sprikled on top, were good. The cheese itself was good, the entire dish was piping hot (which I love) so the cheese stayed all melty and delicious. But something about the mac and the cheese "sauce" tasted odd. First, the sauce was sort of grainy tasting, like there was too much flour added and it was left to clump up. Not very creamy at all. 
I also noticed right away a distinct familiar taste that I couldn't quite identify....and then I got it...It tasted fishy!!! Almost like clams. I don't know what the people before me ordered, so maybe it was from that?

But...ugh. Ick! That coupled with the fact that my bacon bits were barely crisp, I felt like I was definitely eating mac and cheese with clam mixed in lol. Turned me off.
Went with Mr. today to use our groupon.. as we entered it is bright, orange and clean.  We were greeted warmly. There was only another couple in the business.  So Mr. decides on a meatball sandwich and they didn't have any, so he opted for the brisket.. which was very tasty but quite messy.  I had the seafood mac N cheese and that was so warm, cheesy and gooey.. but on the top only.. the inside elbow mac was just that ... dry and tasteless, no cheese.. the seafood was very abundant.  Would we go back.. probably not, disappointed that the cheese was only on top and the bottom was dry and no I didn't eat it all, no flavor for the bottom of the mac N cheese.
Man, I hate to hate on local business, but this was truly an awful experience. I notified their "info" section of their website of the complaints listed herein and received a canned response in return. I hope that my listing my bad experience on Yelp will help them improve their business model and service.

My mom and I walked in at 11:45 to Mix N Mac. Both of us being something of macaroni and cheese connoisseurs, we were excited to try it out and had been for a while. When we walked in, it was silent with only a couple people in the restaurant who were already eating. I really hate the trend in the service/retail industry right now that requires the workers to holler out across the entire establishment, "WELCOME TO _____!!!! CAN I HELP YOU TODAY!??" I mean, we're in a building the size of a household living room, there's no need to bellow. But I digress. We looked over the menu, and picked two Lil Mac (kids' size), which includes, and I quote, "1 Mix-In." Thinking that the mix-in that was included was listed underneath the menu section called "Mix-Ins," I selected spinach for my mix-in. I also selected Dorito topping for my mac. Later, I realized I had been charged for spinach, and I asked why. Apparently, a Dorito topping is also a mix-in, even though the menu makes it look like the topping is included. Be mindful of this when ordering!

It's important to note that Mix N Mac is in the style of Panera or Chipotle, just with macaroni and cheese. Quick service, but not drive-thru. We placed our order at 11:52 (according to the timestamp on our receipt). For 15 minutes or more, no one was working on our food. There was a woman stirring a cauldron of cheese sauce, one teenage boy standing at the register for customers that weren't there, and another was chopping up meat that I knew couldn't be for our meal because we did not order meat in our Macs. I had an appointment to get to, so at this time I asked for it to go. 

At this point is when all hell broke loose. A storm of people came in, all the while the woman stirring the cauldron of cheese without helping the two teenagers prepare food, and they aren't even really doing that. My mac and cheese arrived around 12:20, and I had a few bites. It was, to be honest, slightly fishy like another reviewer had said. There wasn't so much as cheese flavor as it was cheesy-fish flavor. There was hardly any spinach that I had paid extra for due to the confusing menu, and I couldn't even taste the Dorito topping. 

The key part of the paragraph above is that I got my order, but my mom's was mysteriously not arriving with mine. The people who ordered 10 minutes after me and my mom got their food before she did. I was going to be late for this appointment, so she ran out with it in a to-go bag. At 12:31, we left this quick-service mac and cheese establishment not having even sat down to eat. 

I will give it another try in a few months, once they get a chain of command worked out and realize that prep work like stirring the cauldron of cheese and chopping meats should not be done during high lunch time. I feel really bad leaving such a bad review, but this place was not worth our 40 minutes or our $15.
Not good at all! We will not be back. The servings are small, the m & C was dry, and too expensive. I'm glad we got that groupon out of the way. I can honestly say the blue box is way better. Sorry Mix N Mac....
One word, comfort food! Or best after a hangover. I've only been here once and ordered the Spicy Mac. Not too shabby!
We bought the Groupon for Mix n Mac since we LOVE Mac & Cheese. We visited on a Monday around 5:00. There were plenty of open tables, however the seating is not comfortable at all. They have high boy type tables and the chairs have low backs. 

The kids each ordered a "make your own", one added bacon, the other added bacon and pepperoni. I wouldn't add the pepperoni as a mix in again, they were large circles of pepperoni that were laid across the top, then sprinkled with cheese and the doritos topping. It made it really difficult to get to the macaroni. The husband and I ordered the Chili Mac and the Tuna sandwich. Both of these were really good. The chili wasn't too spicy, which I liked.

As far as atmosphere, the decor was sparse, but it is a new establishment. We didn't like the seating, the music was way too loud (there is a gym next door which you could hear weights being dropped so possibly they are trying to cover that up) and they need better shades on the windows. The sun was coming directly in the front windows at the time of day, there wasn't one table that was completely out of  the sun (even with the shades down) so it was really hot.

I'm sure we'll go back again, but will take it to go.
This place is just ok, but not good enough to go back. The mac-n-cheese, as my husband described it, tasted powdery....definitely not fresh. The food was just okay in my opinion and the place had a weird vibe. New decor, but it still felt dirty in there. Like the paint, table and chairs are hiding what once was. 

I hate to say it, but it's the kinda place you just know won't be there in a year. Nothing stood out and my 3 year old, who loves mac-n-cheese, couldn't swallow the food....otherwise I would've gone 3 stars.
everything is wonderful!
The interior seating area was messy ! No one took the initiative to clean up the whole time I was waiting for my food, good thing I got it to go!

I Made a custom mix of crab, bacon, mushroom, jalapeos, and cheese. The top layer with the cheese was amazing of course, but the bottom layer was a little dry and bland. The crab was really good though, I just wish they put more of it. Good thing I had a groupon
Using the groupon +$2 extra, I got the vegan mac with real cheese and my friend got the seafood mac. it was good and cheesy and hot, some wait while they make the dishes, so you know it's fresh...the prices are average, I would prob go back if I a) had a craving for macncheese, which does happen and b) don't want to cook, but would prob try the add on option next time, and not get the more basic option. But yay for vegan and wheat pasta option!!
We really enjoyed the place.  Our food came out very hot and was full of flavor.  I had the Mex Mac and really enjoyed it.  Awesome spot for a different lunch.  The wait time was about 5-10 minutes, but they have to bake the dish so that was expected.  As far as service it was on par for any other restaurant of this style.
Blech.  Mac n' cheese used as the base for most dishes is strangley grainy.  I tried three varieties and the toppings are not bad.  If they actually mixed the selected flavors into the mac n' cheese it wouldn't be so bad.  However, say you order the pizza mac you are only going to find peperoni on the top of your dish and not mixed in.  So several bites taste pretty good until you get to the grainy not so good mac n' cheese that comprises 80% of the dish.  Service was slow and there is not enough seating.  Don't bother eating here.
Bought a Groupon to try this place out.  I heard nothing but good things about it.  We bought the large option so we could have drinks and dessert also.  The food is as good as we heard it was.  You had better like cheese because that is what you get.

The only dissapointing thing about it was the manager was not very nice.  We wanted to use the extra money we paid for to get dessert but the manager said we couldn't use it for dessert, only mac and cheese and drinks.

The Groupon said nothing about it and I still question his opinion.  This is enough for me not to go back.  This left a sour taste in my mouth.  Remember, the customer is always right.
I have been waiting for this place to open up for a while. Anything with cheese can't be bad. I ordered the spicy Mac which was wonderful. It had fresh jalepinos and hot dog. It cost about 8 bucks with a drink. The staff was friendly and I'm sure I will be back to try something else!
Heard about this place for the first time about a month ago from a friend. Tried it out and loved the 3 different kinds of mac n cheese that we got.  Wen't back for lunch the other day and had amazing service. Mac N Cheese isn't a hard dish to make but these guys do it GREAT.  Totally can not wait for one to open up on my side of town.  If you love mac n cheese then give these guys a shot.
Mix N Mac has taken over the spot of my dearly departed Atomic #7 ice creamery off to the side of the Galleria Mall.  (Note: if using Apple Maps, it may give you some weird directions, but I find it's easiest to get there via the Sunset Rd exit off of the 515).  Anyway! This is place is your typical (how odd that this is becoming a viable trend) Mac n Cheese place - pick your cheese, toppings, size or go for a pre-designed menu item.  My BF, who is not vegan, got a spicy, which he said was good ("but it's no Homeroom" - for those of you from the Bay Area).  I got the Vegan (of course!).

Now, let me say thank you to Mix n Mac for even having a vegan option.  That is great.  BUT (you knew it was coming, right?) it's pretty weak.  It's not BAD, it's just not mac n cheezy.  No tang! No cheezy flavor.  I took mine home and added cheezed it up (seriously, 1 TBS of Nooch (aka nutritional yeast aka vegan gold) made a WORLD of difference), and it was quite good.  The Vegan includes whole wheat noodles, and a few types of veg in a creamy sauce.    You can also get the "Vegan" with regular cheese if you want, which people at the counter kept telling me.  They seemed to know that the vegan was not so tasty as-is.  That's sad, because it's actually really easy (and cheap) to make a GOOD vegan mac.  (I will happily provide a recipe to prove it!)

The service was fine, prices were OK, but I wouldn't return based on my entree.  It's great to have options, but it's better when they're treated like a real OPTION and not just an afterthought.  

They have Groupons for this place all the time, so it's definitely worth a try.  Vegans, just BYONooch and mix it in and you'll be fine.
Two of my favorite things... mac n cheese + grilled cheese.  I was beyond excited to try this little hole in the wall dining spot.  My friend and I decided to split a sandwich and mac n cheese since the servings looked pretty big.  We ordered the Mac's Twisted grilled cheese and it was delicious!  For our macaroni, we chose the chili mac.  Unfortunately, this dish was greasy and did not taste very good.  I would have preferred hamburger helper instead.  However, the grilled cheese is Mix n Mac's saving grace, so I might have to return to try another combination.
I was excited to try a mac n cheese spot!  I loveeeeeeeeeee mac n cheese, every since I was little.  So when I saw this spot whoot whoot, I couldn't wait to try it.
So many varieties, I've never had it like this before, it seemed kinda wierd.  But I wanted to step out of the box, and try something different.  
It's not a fast food spot....It's not a fast food spot.....It's not a fast food spot, so don't expect to get it fast!  Ok, I think you get it!  
So I got the bayou, crab & craw fish, but I did chedder instead of pepper jack.  It was different, not bad!  My husband got Mexican mac n cheese, it had ground beef and Jalapenos in it.  Ohhhh it had some kick in that bite!   Again it was interesting.  And he also got...ummmm, not sure but it had hotlink and Jalapenos, the flavor was like the mexian one, just  different meat. 
Would I go back?  I think after I write this review, I won't even think about this place again!
I can't tell you how excited I was to try this place. A place that specializes in Mac-n-Cheese..... what a great idea!  However, this place was awful-despite its promising concept. 

Let's start off with the basic Mac-n-Cheese which my 3 year old son tried ($4.99 for an individual serving).  What Mix N Mac didn't know was that my son is somewhat of a Mac-N-Cheese expert. This basic dish tasted like overcooked bland noodles with a hint of cheese flavor. Our Verdict: Bland/ Overcooked/ Overpriced!

I opted for the Mexi-Mac. Ground beef, chorizo, jalapenos, cilantro, and tortillas all mixed in with Mac-N-Cheese. Sign me up-- sounds great! Not bad, but the portion size was ridiculous. I felt like I was served a side dish. Wait, is there more? Is there a hamburger that is supposed to come with this tiny baby serving? Our verdict: Good Flavors/Small Portion/Overpriced!

My wife ordered the Brisket sandwich. This sloppy meat like substance tasted really sweet and was served on what I could only imagine was day old bread. You know the kind of bread you could pick up at the .99 store. Served with potato chips, this was not a winner. Our Verdict: Sweet/Gooey/Not Good!

Bottom line, this was not a good dining experience. Don't even get me started on their furniture and soda fountain. OK --now I am started. Their furniture was cheap, wobbly and a blinding orange in color. Their soda fountain was messed up with drinks coming out barely carbonated. I mentioned this to one of the workers, and she was able to fix the problem while we were eating. Apparently, when the ice levels get low, the carbonation goes bad. 

I am giving this place 2 stars for what I think is a great concept. If this place is going to last, the portion sizes need to be increased or the prices need to be reduced.
Yelp got me to this place. Actually it was a review from Elite Yelper and fellow Internet foodie friend Shirley B. that really got me here. A good little location with not so great decor. I have a lot to say about this place so I apologize for my lengthy review. 
First, I had already checked out the menu via yelp, and had an idea of what I wanted. They have custom mac& chz where you choose your mix-ins and cheese flavor. Or you can go with the choices they have like "Spicy mac" with hot links and jalapeos or a plain "cheesy mac" with different flavor cheeses. They also have sandwich and salad selections. 
My daughter got a basic cheddar & bacon mac. She enjoyed it. I tasted it, approved. Bacon wasn't mushy and the mac had a nice crisp cheese crust. 
I ordered a custom mac with cheddar, roasted peppers, crushed red peppers, and mushrooms. (Totally stole the idea from Shirley B. and added the crushed) I truly enjoyed it and would return for this item. HOWEVER, a big thing when going out to eat is WHAT IS SPECIAL ABOUT THIS? Really, nothing. I could do it at home and probably better. Was it good, sure. But for $7 it should come with bread and a drink IMO. 
My boyfriend go the spicy mac. Good concept adding the hot links and it was for sure spicy. I again liked it, but it didn't OMG AMAZE me. 
Now the bad. Well NONE of it was BAD, let me rephrase that, for the just ok, average, maybe not so great parts. The hotlink/meatball sandwich. Um, no. Usually when I think hotlink, I expect spice, not sweet. This has a homemade BBQ sauce that was just gross to me. Almost reminded me of sweet Swedish meatballs. Not something you'd mix with a hotlink I'd think. 
The ingredients were fresh, but I just did not like the flavor. 
Secondly for the negatives, the service. There was a young girl at the counter who was clearly overwhelmed or under trained. Possibly both. She was sweet, but not genuine. Then when we left it seemed maybe the boss lady had arrived. She was checking on guests, had great customer service, and said bye as we left. The other guy behind the counter (who made and handed out our food) wasn't rude by any means, but he was not kind either. For a newer restaurant business they should be basically shouting smiles at customers. Or maybe that's my old school In n Out burger talking. 
I might give this place a second chance if I'm craving cheesey pasta.
Purchased a Groupon to test out Mix N Mac.  The Groupon offered the full menu range.  I decided ahead of time to just go with a mac dish to take to our Thanksgiving dinner we were having a week in advance for out of town family.  I let all the family know that I would be bringing this "delicious" deal from Groupon.  Well, I arrived at the Galleria Mall and asked 4 different people if they new where the Mix N Mac was located, as I couldn't find them on any mall kiosk.  Nobody knew until I hailed a bicycling security guard.  He informed me they were actually located on the outer ring, next to Panera.  So back around the Galleria to find the Panera, but no sinage for a Mix N Mac.  This search had already taken me 15 minutes, and since I got there and didn't see any signs, I figured they must have closed the business already.  But it seemed odd as the security guard seemed sure they were there, so I slowly inched my way along the strip area next to Panera and finally found the door with a Mix N Mac sign, but no lights on at 9:45 am.  Hmmmm, not a good indicator of business.  But still wanting to get mac n chees for the family, I parked and went to the front door.  I found a hand written sign that stated they had new hours and opened at 11:00 am.  Are you kidding?  I knew right away that business wasn't doing well, plus I didn't have time to wait, we were having Thanksgiving dinner at 11:00.  So I went to my sisters and let all the family and guests know about the problem with Mix N Mac.  We all agreed that starting a business in these times is rough and Mix N Mac probably would not last a year.  But my husband and I decided to use our Groupon the next evening, instead of cooking.  Well, when we got there they had two customers.  I smiled and asked what they would recommend?  They said it was their first time, but they looked a bit grim and didn't recommend what they had ordered.  Uh oh, so I turned to the friendly looking cashier and asked what she ordered when she ate there.  She looked down at the keyboard and had to think hard...lol.  She finally said the cheese sandwich, because it had fresh veggies.  So, I said, "That sounds delicious, let me order one of those."  Then I asked my husband what he would like.  Just as he was thinking aloud, a girl came out from the back kitchen and saw that I had a piece of paper in my hand with the Groupon in bold letters.  She said, in a rude, nasty tone, "You can only order a mac and cheese with the Groupon!"  "Excuse me," I said, totally afronted by her attitude.  "That's what our owners said," she stated briskly.  Hmmm.  She then explained, "I know it doesn't say that on the Groupon, but that's what our owners decided after selling so many Groupons.  So that's all you can get."  Hmmm, after more discussion about Groupon and how it brings people in to try an establishment and gain loyal customers, my husband and I decided to leave and contact Groupon for a refund.  I know this is long winded, and we didn't even try the mac and cheese, but customer service is a vital area that ensures return, repeat business.  I don't ever go back where customer service is unpleasant, and I probably tell at least 10 of my friends and relatives, if not more.  I think I did mention it to our friendly waitress at the IHOP who's husband is a taxi driver in Vegas.  So, you can imagine how the word will spread about our negative experience at Mix N Mac.  Not to mention to anyone who will read this post with interest.  Customer Service, Quality, and Cleanliness are the three keys to restaurant success.  Fail in any one of these areas and your business is doomed.  I did get a business card from the Rhian at the register.  Yasmin Mackey seems to be the owner.  I did get a refund from Groupon, who apologized profusely.  There a plenty of delicious restaurants near the Galleria in Henderson, Mix N Mac is not one of them.  Good day!
Like so many others I came here with great expectations.  I bought two Groupons...because I was so sure I would love it.... Mix and Match Mac & Cheese... who wouldn't love it?  First I did not research on Yelp first, my mistake.  I expected a restaurant, so when I arrived at a hole in the wall joint with the menu on the wall, I was disappointed to start with.  

The food was fine, I had the spicy, my friend created her own vegetarian and was excited to see fake sausage. (She seemed to really like hers)  I was underwhelmed.  There was nothing wrong,, it that it was just fine.  I will go again and use the other Groupon.  I just think it was way too expensive for what you get, the chairs are horrifyingly uncomfortable, I will never dine in again, and they needed a much more fun list of mix ins.

Just off the top of my head, green chiles (for those who want a bit of spice but not the huge Jalapeno rings they use), turkey, cauliflower, cilantro, roasted red peppers...anyway I'm sure chefs could add some great ideas.
My family purchased a coupon for Mix N Mac.  I'm not into mac and cheese, however they have a several salads and sandwiches that looked good.  We all ordered different dishes.  It came to pay we pulled out our coupon and the cashier told us that the only thing we could use for the coupon for was mac and cheese.  We read the coupon and there was no restrictions on it.  No where on the coupon did it say we had to order one type of dish.  Needless to say, we walked out. What kind of company does that!!!  Very poor, poor management.
Went in today with a $30 Groupon. When I  ordered a salad, cheese bread and a desert in addition to a couple of mac n cheese dishes, I was told that the Groupon only applies to mac n cheese orders. What a joke. I paid and pulled up my Groupon while we waited for our food . No mention of any restrictions. Instead of "mix n mac," they should call themselves "bait n switch." Food was ok...nothing special. definitely would not come back based on food quality and their little games. I have filed a complaint with Groupon so I hope their little game was worth the $7 they were supposed to get from Groupon. 

If you are thinking about trying this place, you should go quick. I don't suspect they will be on business much longer. Also, if you want GOOD mac n cheese, try Yardhouse. Besides being scammed, the food here is nothing exciting.

2-stars for food
1-star for crappy, scammer bait n switch service

I sent an email to the owner who said the mistake was made by Groupon. Groupon denied this. These scammers then ran the EXACT same ad on Living Social just a couple weeks later.
THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD! My husband and I ordered the Bayou mac, spicy mac and shared a grilled cheese. Everything was piping hot and deliciously cheesy. Don't understand the bad reviews- it was DELISH!
I drive by this place all the time so today I decided to try it out. I walked up to the counter and first thing I ordered was albacore sandwich, but they where out. So, I settled for the Mac's Brisket sandwich. I also ordered spicy mac n cheese. The Brisket sandwich was ok should have been better for 8.50. In the box it also had some chips stuffed on the side but they were soggy from the sandwich . The Spicy Mac was better than I thought it would be, the pieces of hotlinks made this something I might come back and  try again.
I have driven by this place many times on my way to Buffalo Wild Wings and finally stopped in today.

My first impression as I walked in was that the place was kind of beat up, run down and dirty for being so new.

I walked up to the counter expecting to see some sort of mac and cheese of the day or something that was prepared fresh. I saw nothing of the sort which was worrisome for a place trying to build a niche following. After perusing the menu for about 5 minutes I decided on the Brisket sandwich and a small mac and cheese.

While waiting for my order the kid at the counter brings out a giant industrial bucket and starts scooping what can  described as looking like mashed potatoes into a warming tray. Although this is normal it was not exactly pleasant to see this in the front of the store.

About 5 minutes later my meal came to the window and I picked it up. My first impression was that the sandwich that looked great but was super tiny with a small amount of chips. The mac and cheese looked freshly baked and had a nice crust on the top.

I eagerly sat down to chomp down. I picked up the sandwich and took a big bite, I couldn't chew through the "Brisket", it was hard and tough. The BBQ sauce was runny and was not great. The only good thing about the sandwich was the rough cut slaw on top. After 2 bites i decided to try the mac and cheese. The first bite was underwhelming and bland, my family recipe has far more flavor. I wouldn't say that it was bad, it just wasn't better than ok. Ok does not cut it for a place that is supposed to be all about the mac and cheese. I will however give them credit for perfectly el dente macaroni. 

In conclusion the Mac and cheese place has just ok mac and cheese that clearly isnt worth the price and horrible brisket. I gave them 2 stars because I actually at all of the mac and cheese; however, I was starving when i walked in.
Heard about it, had to try it. 
Went in for lunch, atmosphere is ok. High tables with high chairs with pics of different mac & cheese blends on the wall. 

I waited behind a couple that was ordering that seemed like an eternity. 
It wouldn't have been bad, but anytime someone behind the counter made eye contact and did not say hello or say we'll be right with you, not the best customer service. 
Turns out, the 2 behind the counter were the married couple that owned the place. 

I ordered the "Solo" mac with ground beef and bacon. I was asked if I wanted a topping of crushed corn chips or doritos. They suggested doritos as being the best, so I said ok. 

It takes a few minutes as they put together your order and then heat it up in the oven! When ready, it's hot and bubbly with all the flavors right on top. 
It was tasty and warm, great for a winter day! 

They offered a variety of desserts which sounded delish, I will have to try when I go back. 
The food was good, however I'm not sure if its a place I would crave, or just stop in when I go to the mall.
Ok, you don't know me that well, but come to my house for mac and cheese before you go here!
Been twice, will never go again.
First time, we got it to go. They forgot part of our order but gave us an extra - a hair in our mac and cheese. 
Had another groupon so we thought we would give them another try.
First, the manager tried not to accept our Groupon.  Apparently she and Groupon are having a problem communicating and somehow that became our fault.  She reluctantly honored the terms of the groupon when we reminded her of our last experience.  Mind you, this was lunch time and the place was EMPTY. Panera Bread next store had a line though.  i really try to eat in local places, but, not going to happen again.
So, after the Groupon lesson and lecture, we were treated to really mushy mac and cheese and a mediocre sandwich.  You know what's worse than mushy macaroni, that nasty cheesy after taste. But wait, Mushy Macaroni could be a great band name!
They could play Mix and Mac after the establishment gets a visit from whatever restaurant makeover show is willing to take on the challenge. The biggest obstacle will be the owner's complete dislike of customers.  She is much more interested in being right than in service and quality. We tried.  My friend and I are lovely and helpful, you'll see when you come to my house for mac and cheese. Anyway, we were pleasant, she was not and neither was the food. Despite the problems, I hope it gets better.  We need locals to do well, but we also need them to feed locals well.
I went here today around noon and the place was closed.  No sign, nothing. It was dark, and nobody was inside.  Anyone have any info on why, and is it closed permanently?  I don't understand why there wasn't any sign on the door.
Bought the Groupon to give the place a second chance. I felt I was a little harsh in my initial review, but it really was a troublesome experience. 

However, after being back, I can update it a star because it was a much more positive experience. 

We were not bellowed at when we stepped in, "WELCOME TO MIX AND MAC" which was one of my previous irritations. We stuck to the ready made varieties this time, instead of trying to create our own. The ready made varieties, especially my mom's Mex Mac, were better than the create-your-own variaties, IMO. I ordered the Cheesy Mac and it was okay--the best part was the blue cheese hidden inside, but the rest didn't smack of the cheesy flavor I crave in a mac and cheese!

I can't say that I'll be back again, not because of anything other than some new dietary restrictions, but I am bumping it up from 2 to 3 stars. I think it definitely has the potential to fill a really cool niche market.
Bought the Groupon but was disappointed when we were told they were out of all desserts, crawfish, goat cheese, candied walnuts, etc. They even ran out of chicken. The service was good, the foo was average, but it is evident the people responsible for logistics are asleep at the wheel.
This place is exactly what it advertises, nothing fancy, no frills. Just yummy Mac and cheese however you want it.  The hubby and I ate here the other day and after we ordered our Mac and cheese we took our first bites and looked at each other like Yum! He had the Italian sausage, which was spicy and full of flavor while I opted for the cheddar with vegetables. The service wasn't bad at all and we ended up tipping the young girl five dollars because she was nice and the food was just as we ordered it. We also had a groupon and we were given no problems.
Mac and cheese that you can customize in a number of ways.  It's like Chipotle, but with mac and cheese.  Already off to a good start in my book.  The Living Social certificate was also a good incentive to head on over.

The menu consists of two sections - pre-defined creations or a list of items so you can make a custom mac.  I opted for the pre-defined Mex Mac.  Jalepenos, chorizo, ground beef, and tortilla chips.  DC opted for a custom - mushrooms and bacon with whole wheat noodles.  I was a little skeptical about this notion of pre-made mac and cheese, but they have a good set up.  The noodles are separate from the bechamel and the mix-ins.  Everything is mixed together when you order it, and then popped in the oven to get bubbly and gooey.

Both iterations came out of the oven with a baked crust of cheese.  They were hot and steaming and really hearty.  The cheese could use some more seasoning, but the mix-ins really added a lot.  The Mex Mac was loaded with flavor and spice, and the custom mac was pretty good too.

Overall, the pricing was decent for the amount of food, and the flavor was good.  The atmosphere inside was kind of bland and could use a little sprucing up or some color.  

I dont think I would go out of my way to come here, but if I am in the area I will definitely stop by.  The mac and cheese was especially great this weekend with the cooler temps - I wonder how they'll fare in the summer.
Since my Groupon was going to expire next week, I finally decided to give this place a try. The menu already screams pricey from the get-go, and it's actually outdated per the one person working there. The brisket and meatball sandwiches are gone, which is unfortunate because I was going to try the brisket sandwich after Ian A.'s glowing review.

I ended up going with the Bayou Mac and the Mex Mac. The Bayou Mac for $9.49 doesn't even come close to filling me (although it might suffice at lunch), and they're definitely skimping at least a little on the crab and crawfish. It had decent flavor and gooey cheese, as you would hope for, and it was plenty warm when I got home.

I ended up trying the Mex Mac. "Really, Chris? You don't even like Jalapeno peppers." "I know, me, but it's not as sour and spicy as you'd think." The flavor profile ended up being a little more complete than the Bayou Mac, although I'm still not sold the regular $7.49 price.

If you're a big mac and cheese fan and you don't really cook it yourself, you'll wanna find this spot. Otherwise, it's good for a change of pace, but maybe not for the long haul. And since their hours are now Mon-Sat 11:30-7:00, it's not even good for most hours of the day or for Sundays.
Best mac and cheese I've had outside of Boston (see my other review).  Tried plain, bacon, ham, and crab varieties here.  The crab sounded good and there was a nice crab flavor and aroma but unfortunately, that just didn't match too well with the cheese.  The ham was good but didn't add much.  The plain was really good by itself but the winner is adding bacon.  Oh, and Doritos crumbles on the top really added to the mac and cheese as well.

What was so good?  Macaroni that is tender but not limp, lots of cheese with creamy consistency, and finished in an oven so there's a bit of burned cheese on top.  Easily makes me forget about the mac and cheese at Panera a few doors down.

Pricing is high compared to what it would cost to eat at a cheap buffet but isn't out of line compared to a "value" meal at a burger place.

Oh, and the service both times was friendly and helpful.  No rushing, no annoyance when questions were asked.  They were pretty slow on both visits.  I really hope they have enough business to keep the business running.
AS A RULE I DON'T DO REVIEWS BUT THIS IS A STORY THAT HAS TO BE TOLD:
Saturday, Jan. 19th. arrived at 12 pm--

Just left Mix N Mac with my Groupon still in hand. My Groupon purchase was based on a unique concept and an interesting menu.  
We wanted to do take out, so we used the menu link on Groupon to decide what to order.

Upon arrival, I approached the counter and started ordering: 
  
1 Mex Mac----(all is well)---1 Italian Mac----(out of marinara sauce)---Okay, I'll get the Pizza Mac, instead---on to the next item---1 Brisket Sandwich----(we no longer have sandwiches)---Okay, I'll have the OMG Custom Built Mac instead---with mushrooms and veggie sausage---(no veggie sausage)---How about a Slice of Sweet Potato Pie----(we no longer have desserts)---- 

Could you place your order now----we will be closing in about 5 minutes--the  computer went down--- b-t-w---we don't have printed take out menus, either. 
 
It is now approximately---1pm---Forget about it, I'm out of here.  Thanks, but no thanks.  

.
I wanted to like this place more, but I think they are having some growing pains.  They were out of Dr. Pepper and Sprite, 2 of the 6 drinks on the fountain.  So, when I wanted a refill, but not of iced tea, I was annoyed to find the only 2 drinks on the fountain I like gone.  The owner was nice enough to give me a Dr. Pepper out of the chill case, but still.  Also, we were told that sandwiches were not available at all, as many others have noted.  We were there for mac n cheese anyway, but this is a further example of the growing pains.

My wife had the cheesy mac.  This was solid, but not great.  It was very sparse on the blue cheese flavor, which was the main reason she ordered it.  Overall, bland.  Did have a very nice crust on the top.

Mine was much better, I had the bayou.  The crab and crawfish flavor was really noticeable.  I could have used more spice, I added red pepper flakes at the table.  The top was nicely crusted, but the middle of my dish remained cool.  I had to take it up to get more heat on it.  I'm assuming this occurred because the seafood was cold, so it made getting the entire dish to temperature take longer.  They were really nice about it, and heated it quickly, so no harm no foul.

We'll give Mix n Mac another try, but hopefully they work out some of these issues sooner rather than later.  I think once they do, it will be a solid place.
I got the chili mac and it was awesome! Great music playing in the restaurant too.  I'll be back to try some of the other kinds of mac!
Had a groupon. We got the basic Mac n cheese and the Bayou.  Portions were  kinda small, but tasty. Not much seafood in the Bayou. Got two small drinks and dessert, and the price would have been $30 if not for the groupon.  Wayyyy too much for what we got.  Desserts ( peach cobbler and sweet potato pie) were not good. The cobbler was warmed up canned peaches with tons of syrup and some strange floury tasting  barely cooked "pastry" on top.  The pie was better, but not that good, and the crust was raw.  Would not go back. Mac Shack is much better.
This place appears closed.  I had bought a Living Social coupon for Mix N Mac - it expires today.  I went last night at 6:15 and they were closed.  Went today at noon and they are closed...oh, well...
I've tried to use my Groupon multiple times at this place. They never answer their phone. I live across town but wouldn't mind picking this up on my way home. The hours seem to be a bit early for closing, but I suppose that this is their call. The bottom line is that if they are trying to run a business they need to answer the phone.
Mix N Mac is a tasty little spot... The food is made with fresh quality ingredients and there are plenty of flavor options on the me.  i went with a  basic item "chessy mac". made with a sacuse of cheddar and blue chesse.  it was good more cheddar then blue but it was a good mix.  It took a few minutes  to prepare but it was worth the short wait..
Looks like they have closed down. Stopped by several times in the last few weeks and they have been closed during their posted business hours. From the time they opened in September 2012 they kept dropping many menu items until it seemed that they were down to Mac n Cheese dishes. Most sandwiches and salads were dropped and many if not all of their dessert items. I guess they could not compete with  Panera Bread a few doors down.
I would encourage anyone who likes meat to visit SOS BBQ.  These guys are great!  Have seen them all over Southern Ontario and never once disappointed.  Try the Brunswick stew, it is to die for!
Thanks for coming to my neighbourhood! Great food, great location, great price. My only complaint is the pork was a weeee bit dry and I guess I much prefer my meat mixed in the sauce rather than the sauce squeezed on top like ketchup. But holy cow that sweet BBQ sauce you have is to DIE for! I can't wait to come back and get dinner again.
We stopped by for lunch today - it was good - but our first impression was that it is quite expensive. We 

spent over $24 for two sandwiches, pulled pork and brisket - 2 fries and 2 pop shoppe pops. Also, we ate 

in but were served in Styrofoam containers, cardboard boxes, ate with plastic forks and drank from the 

bottles. As per their brochure they own a meat trailer that goes to special events - I think they are still 

living in that realm. Our buns (while fresh) were not toasted so became soggy quite quickly. The fries were 

crispy - fresh cut and lightly salted - good job on those. The meat is apparently the star here, although I'm 

not that impressed - it was good flavor and some original sauces, yes - but for the money (more brisket 

please - a little light on serving size) we should be clamouring to get back to this place, which we are not. 

Will we go back? Maybe - if they come up with a cheaper lunch menu we're in for sure. As well, to the 

owners, watch some food network BBQ shows for ideas - you need to tweak your meat a little for better 

flavouring. As we left we were handed some promotional items - an envelope with a %10 off coupon for a 

return visit. The coupon they created inside was obviously self made - how do I say this nicely? You need 

to re-take the photograph professionally before for it's too late - it is of a bun of meat resting on four lettuce 

leaves - it looks awful. So.. bottom line with us, lower your lunch menu prices, toast your buns, use real 

plates, cutlery & glasses (with ice) on eat in orders, tweak your meat and after all of this if you only change 

one thing - make sure it's that picture on your coupon. We are not being hard on this place we want it to 

succeed, and know they will with some small changes. All the best to SOS.
Myself and my wife went in for ribs and a pulled pork sandwich to see what it was like ,but we were disapointed that the ribs we bought to eat in were not even cut . Well we were sitting the with styrofoam containers and plastic knives and forks not for me unless they chane to really plates and knives and forks we will not be back anytime soon
Best BBQ in Waterloo hands down.  I've tried Smokin Tony's, Hog Tails and SOS and SOS is my favourite BBQ.  Smokin Tony's is like a non-authentic fast food version of BBQ and is only good in a pinch.  Hog Tails was good but I found it slightly dry.  SOS on the other hand is fantastic.  The Sliced Brisket is definitely my favourite.  Extremely juicy and tender with a perfect smoke ring.  Ribs are good.  Chicken could be slightly more flavourful.  Pulled pork is good but I'm not a huge fan of pulled pork.  The fries are fantastic.

Seriously the best authentic BBQ I've had in Waterloo.  Prices are a little higher then I'd like but you get the quality you pay for.  If this place wasn't so out of the way for me I'd get it all the time.
I've sampled the menu here quite extensively and I have yet to be disappointed. My favourites have to be the pulled pork with Carolina sauce and the ribs. The sauces here are amazing, and really make the meal. It's nice to find pulled pork that isn't the soupy crock pot version you mind most places. The sides dishes are exemplary; great coleslaw and amazing Brunswick stew.

This isn't a fancy sit down restaurant, it's a roadside BBQ joint with tables, and that suits me just fine. Don't expect cloth napkins and wine at your table. It's about the food here not the ambiance.

As to the reviewer who complained his ribs weren't pre-cut... suck it up princess. I have never had such tender ribs, and they pull apart with the greatest of ease. Maybe you should stick to one of the chain restaurants.
SOS is an unassuming mom and pop shop, literally.  It seems to be run by a family who are all very friendly and clearly passionate about the food they are serving.  They have four BBQ sauces they offer and they're also available in squeeze bottles to add to your food after which is a nice touch, the all-in sauce was my personal favorite.  I got a rack of ribs which was perfectly done with just the right amount of smoke.  The fries and coleslaw were pretty big portions as well, one dinner was enough for two people.  The prices are also excellent for what you get. Overall this is a really good rib spot in Kitchener, I wouldn't mind coming back to try to pulled pork.
Food GREAT.....service...VERY friendly.....it was so fast that they were here when we hung up the phone lol.  Also the Brunswick stew is the best I've ever had....will be going a lot
Brooklyn V's opened 3 weeks ago and is having typical start-up issues with a new young staff. But, that's the only area that needs improvement! I wanted to try Brooklyn V's because as I was sitting at the stop light at Lindsey and Warner - the most wonderful pizza aroma drifted across the intersection. I told my husband, based on the aroma alone we needed to try this place. The FOOD IS WONDERFUL and definitely lived up to the tantalizing aroma! 
We ordered house salads and the Sausage and Pepper Stromboli. We didn't receive the Stromboli we ordered, however we kept the dish brought because the crust was so crispy and light, the cheese was perfectly stringy and gooey, and the combination of meats inside tender and tasty. Paired with their marinara sauce, we couldn't send it back - it was that good!
One of the owners stopped by to check on our dinner. When we let her know what happened, she "comped" us Cannolis for dessert. The plate was chilled and the presentation was something I would have expected from a more upper end restaurant. We are so glad to have Brooklyn V's in our neighborhood and within walking distance! We'll be returning again and again to try the other items on the menu - which we expect will be equally flavorful.
Very low key, but nice server, great food (huge portions) and just satisfied my pasta craving.  Only wish they had beer.......
This restaurant is a very pleasant surprise to walk into. With it being kind of tucked in the corner of a shopping center that hasn't seemed to have much success, you would just be expecting a cheap pizza place that doesn't serve much more than average pizza and maybe some wings. 

Brooklyn V's offers a very pleasant, homey feel when you walk inside and the staff is very friendly. They are very grateful for your business and deliver a menu and quality of food that makes you want to come back for more. 

Within the last week or two I have already eaten here twice and nothing has yet to disappoint. Portions are extremely generous and the quality of food is something you would expect at a restaurant charging a steeper price. 

For my first visit, me and my girlfriend split a 12 or 14 inch pizza (can't remember the exact size, but not the largest size) and a Caesar salad. The Caesar salad had just the right amount of dressing and tasted about as good as a Caesar salad can get. It was also served on a chilled plate, which added a nice touch. The size of the salad was quite large and could probably feed at least 3 as an appetizer before the meal. The pizza came out a few minutes later and was quite delicious. A NY style pie that had the right amount of crispness to it, which is tough to come across. Most NY style pizzas are pretty flimsy, but Vito seems to have a great recipe. I am a stickler on Pizza and this easily satisfied me. About as good as I could expect out of a pizza that wasn't cooked in a wood fired brick oven. 

During my second visit I decided to venture out and try the Bow tie pasta with pesto sauce. I am not a huge pasta person but I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and portion size once again. During this visit, we also decided to try Vito's cannolis and that was an EXCELLENT choice. The cannolis were superb and I have been craving them ever since. 

I would give Brooklyn V's a 4 1/2 star rating if that were possible on yelp. The only things I wish differently would be that the plates were maybe a dollar or two cheaper ($10 for a pasta plate, I think the salad was somewhere between $5.50-7 and then a 1-topping 12 or 14 inch pizza was $16) and I think the speed of service will improve with experience. Overall, Brooklyn V's provides a much higher quality of food and service than you would expect out of a place tucked back in the corner of a Goodwill shopping center, next to a smoke shop. I have encouraged others to try it and the one family that did was very happy, so I hope others enjoy it as well.
I tried this place today, and I was impressed. I had the 2 pizza slice & drink lunch special. The margherita pizza was fantastic. The crust was thin & crispy, which I usually don't like because other pizzerias either make it too hard or too limp. This crust was incredible. They also have delivery service. I will not order chain pizza again.
We had some amazingly fresh bruschetta here as well as some very richly flavored lasagna, garlic knots and cannolis. We had excellent service and our server was very attentive. Additionally she and the other staff were so passionate about their food and the restaurant that it was contagious. We were truly blown away by this place! The  food beat out some of the street crap I had in Rome over the summer!
OMG! THIS IS THE PLACE for an authentic NY Italian meal!!!!
My man decided on a whim that I was going to try a new place after he had tried it for lunch. He said he couldn't wait to take me to Brooklyn V's.

I am a very picky eater and I am not a fan of chains so I was really happy to support a small business that really knows its business!

We started with these little bread things they call garlic knots that come with marinara 
YUM! This was starting out fantastic. You can tell a lot from the marinara, ya know ;)

 We each ordered a Stromboli and they were to die for! I could have cut it lengthwise and just crawled in, they do kinda look like sleeping bags. You know when you taste something so good the world just kinda stops spinning? Yeah......Oh sorry!

We took a tiramisu home to split for later. The waitress said it was heaven in a box. I haven't had too much luck with tiramisu here in AZ so I wasn't too excited. A couple hours later her words were still echoing in my head and I just had to taste it.

Fireworks shot off! The band started playing and suddenly I was in Italy! Reluctantly I put the other half (well almost half, he he)  back in the fridge for my man.

The liquor license is coming folks!
Originally from New York I've been living in Arizona for almost 13 years chart out almost always pizza place in Arizona that's close to me within 50 miles this is the best one came across in Arizona I guarantee the best pie you've ever had PS I love the garlic knots and everything in this place is made homemade one more very friendly people that work here i'll be going back a least one time week
Went to Brooklyn V's last night for dinner for the first time with my family.  I was intrigued because they were from Staten Island so I figured they knew good pizza.  It is hard to find a good "pie" out in AZ.  The restaurant did not disappoint.  We had the Margherita and the White Eggplant Pizza's.  They we amazing. The dough was light and thin. The sauce was perfect. Not to thick and acidic. The eggplant pizza is a must.  I can't wait to go back again and try the dinner selections.  
The staff was so friendly.  It actually felt like a "family".  Highly recommended.  
They deliver and cater also!
Being from the East Coast, it is hard to find an authentic New York pizza in AZ. Brooklyn V's is FANTASTIC!!!! Takes me back home.... The crust is fantastic with just the right amount of cheese. We've been here several times but haven't ordered anything other than pizza yet. Based on the other reviews,  trying the Stromboli next. Check this place out, you won't be sorry!
More and more New Yorkers are flocking to AZ. The topic of conversation between the NY - AZ transplants is always food. Even more specific however, is pizza. As every New Yorker knows, his or her borough has the best! LOL  Many arguments have broken out over this. I have written several reviews on pizza and my comment to this has always been that it is not a matter of the best. The best is subjective because it really boils down to what we are used to and what gives us comfort and fond memories. I am sure that anyone reading this thinks his / or her Grandmother makes / made the best meatballs. Get my point? Well.... now I have to say that I have traveled all over the valley in search of great pizza. I can say for certain that I have had some very good pizza, some even excellent, but what I experienced today was not only the best crust I have had here, it is the best I have had in years, anywhere!  For me, it had the perfect crunch, yet softness that I thought only my Grandmother could accomplish. I did the 2 slice special but started out plain. True test for me. Toppings can easily camouflage and corrupt taste buds. I  LOVED it, so I ordered my second slice with mushrooms. To die for! Seriously! I was actually moaning while eating. Yes! A tad embarrassing. Let me digress and say that I was very warmly greeted by Bob, who shortly after introduced me to Vito. Vito took the time to talk to me and made me feel very welcome. We talked at length about food, NY, pizza and restaurants. What became apparent to me rather quickly  was this man's integrity, his love for food and honoring tradition. He made me bruschetta. I could tell by the smell, before it hit my lips,  that it was going to be great and that   I do not even have to taste everything on the menu to write a rave review because it was clear to me that the very integrity displayed in conversation trickles down to everything he puts out to his customers. This is a man, like me who would never compromise his product to save a buck!  From a food lover and caterer who has done restauranting, this is the highest praise I can bestow on a chef.

This is a MUST for every real New Yorker, especially Italian New Yorkers. This is not New York Style. This is the real deal!

I went off my very strict, Zone Anti-Infammatory Diet and Gluten Free Diet to taste this highly recommended pizza.   

Look out for Tom LaGravinese who performs Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin impersonations.

I texted every New Yorker I know who lives here in the Valley and I myself cannot wait to get back there.

Thank you Vito and Bob. May you have the success you truly deserve!
Just tried Brooklyn's based on Yelp reviews. Pizza is outstanding. Will definitely be back. Upon entering this place you can tell right away this is a family run establishment. Very genuinely friendly staff. I noticed the other patrons and there were smiles at every table. Next time, I'm going for the sausage and peppers hero. It looks amazingly delicious.
I got the lunch special, 2 slices and a soda for $5.75. I think it's a great deal and the pizza was delicious. I'm picky when it comes to my pizza crust and they didn't burn it which was great. Sometimes places that have thinner crust blacken their pizza before it comes to the table but it arrived hot and the perfect crispiness. This place is tucked away in a strip mall, but it doesn't take away from the great prices and good food.
Pizza was average for New York style. Delivery was pretty quick but the pizza was cold and way over-priced. 25 dollars for one pizza is a little ridiculous.
I am not from New York, I have never been to New York. I have no expectations for pizza based on my old New York neighborhood or from childhood memories. Growing up in Mexico, pizza choices in the small town of Agua Prieta were somewhat limited to a couple of restaurants that served pies that had one thing in common to New York style pizza, the shape was round.

Hungry last night, after a very stressful day at work, we wanted some food to be delivered to us. We wanted to be able to order it without hassle and we wanted it delivered fast. Demanding, I know. In this area ,Brooklyn V's Pizza delivered. I ordered it online, in a very easy to use website, they delivered it to my home and took about 45 minutes, which is a great time on a friday night.

The pizza we ordered was the buffalo chicken pizza, not a very traditional pie, but I had been wanting to try it. The cost for an 18" pie was $20.00, a little on the expensive side. I was hoping for a delicious pizza, and I am not going to lie, the dough had very good flavor, but that was it. The chicken was extremely salty, to the point that we had to take it off the pizza, which wasn't a big task because there hardly was any chicken on the pizza to begin with, and the worst is the chicken was way too dry, and it hardly had any  buffalo sauce in it. So I wasn't too pleased with this pie, but I am sure if I stick to a classic next time, they will do better in this department.

We also ordered a cheese calzone with bacon and their garlic knots and those were the highlight of our meal. The calzone was filled with lots of cheese and bacon and tasted delicious. The garlic knots and the accompanying marinara sauce were so delicious we were fighting over them. 

I would definitely go back to Brooklyn V's pizza and probably eat in and order a more traditional pie or something else off the menu. For a pizza, a calzone and the order of knots I spent $45.00 including delivery and tip.
Ordered 2 large pizzas and when I went to pick them up, I askede if there were any discounts I could get some money off. The man Veto says from the back, "NO THERE ARE NO DISCOUNTS" ,"OUR PIZZA IS THE BEST IN THE VALLY"!!
After spending 36.?? I got home and the fucking pizza was cold, Tasted like Cardboard, And was burnt to shit. 
This place is nothing like the pizza place that was there before. They will never make it there for long. The place was dirty, the Kitchen looks like a Toilet, and the front area was nice but not orderly. The front staff was nice and was sitting with other customers as if they were family and did not even acknowledge me or thank me for my business. I guess the owner was Veto, What an ASSHOLE! And With a NEW YORK ATTITUDE.
Never will go back again!!!
Placed a rather simple pick up order-small pepperoni pizza.  I was not told a price on the phone, I figured it would be in the 10 dollar range.  Lesson learned, never assume anything!  When i got there, I paid over 15$, which, I'm sorry is EXCESSIVE!   They need to sprinkle gold or something on there to make it worth the money at that price.  Either way, I paid since I did order it and figured if it was a really good pizza it was worth it.  Needless to say I was further disappointed when I got home and started eating it-now, I don't have extremely high standards when it comes to pizza-I love dominos, pizza hut, you name it-but the sauce was bland and had no taste to it. I lived in Boston for many years and have visited NYC many times; believe me when I tell you, this place has nothing, and I mean NOTHING in common with NY pizza.  I was disappointed and won't be back.
Phenom eats, seriously!  The service is amazing, our favorite server is Anna. She's always there to greet us with a big, family-sized smile and makes sure that everyone is receiving equal care (never sits on her rump, just making sure that everyone is getting the best service!)  

The food, now THERE is something to BRAG about! My favorite thing to eat so far is the White Eggplant Pizza.  This gastronomical concept is so far out of my comfort zone, I didn't know if I was married to an Italian long enough, Glory Be! 13 Years and I was eating eggplant like a pro!.  I'm here to tell you it is THE BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER HAD! We're attempting to hit everything on the menu, so far we've dabbled with Garlic Knots, Eggplant Parmesan, Lasagna, Bruschetta, Baked Ziti, Stuffed Shells, and meatballs and every single thing has been extraordinary in flavor and quality!  We have never been disappointed.

Try this place, your taste buds will thank you!  Oh and don't forget to sign up for the loyalty program, those points add up QUICKLY!

Ignore those people that have left unsavory comments. Look at those accounts, one of them ONLY seems to YELP negative reviews and use foul language, really? Do you trust that kind of poppycock, I don't, I let the Cannoli cream talk for themselves?)
Love this place. I've been three times, once for pizza, then penne in vodka sauce, and most recently spaghetti with meat sauce. Absolutely everything is made fresh and I can taste every bit of it! The sauces are fantastic. Next time I'm trying the pesto. I don't even like pesto, but that's how much I enjoy the food here. The service is great too. Very friendly and warm staff. Feels like home.
There have been a few pizza places in this suite over the years, I tried them all but never went back after trying them out once or twice (and I live pretty much right across the street). 

Love the food here, owners and servers are very nice and bend over backwards to give you what you want. I've brought friends here and they've enjoyed the food and atmosphere as well!!!
I have had many entrees here and have never been disappointed.  Spaghetti and meatballs,  Alfredo with chicken, lasagna or ziti are awesome. Sauce, cheese and meat are of high quality.  Everything we ever get is good,  great value and consistent. We often go home with leftovers for lunch. You cannot beat this wonderful Italian find for great food and friendly service.
Well, once again I tried it for chance. Still the rude son of a bitch New Yorkers with extremely high prices for the shit they serve. Let me tell you, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT.
Love this place. Love their food.As authentic to NY Italian as it gets here in Az. Very nice, cozy atmosphere with great service from our waitress Allora. We were a party of 12 last night and everyone was raving about their dishes. The cheese pizza here is superb : perfect crust, great sauce and just the right mix of cheese. Eggplant parm was the best I have had in years and their calzones are amazing. Cooked just right and everything blended well. My experience in Az with other restaurants trying to make Calzones has been so so with most just throwing the stuff in hoping it gels. The owner Vito has been doing this for 30 years and certainly brings that and more to this awesome place.  My new favorite place in Gilbert.
Best food ever.    Love the chicken parm and meatballs to die for. 
Everything authentic and made fresh.  Wow.  Can't wait to come back.  My wide had the caprese salad and the balsamic is fresh and homemade.   You gotta eat here.
Been to Brooklyn V's several times since they've open, my complaint isn't the food...

Last night my husband tried to order a pizza for take out. It was 845, they close at 9. The young female on the phone stated that they didn't want to make our pizza since they were closing... Wow. Great customer service. We normally aren't those ppl that order for right before close, but we are moving away from the area and that would have been our last time there. Thanks for the great memory.
Great food, great customer service. We are from NY and really are thrilled to have amazing pizza and cannoli in Gilbert! Will be back again for sure.
Not a bad place to get take out from. If you are looking for real NY pizza and pasta this is the place for you!
Everything is fresh! I was first pleased at how good the ranch dressing was, light, not heavy. 

I ordered pizza, which was great, but immediately thought the baked ziti looked so good...I'll be back! 

The price is super for the quality and I'd recommend anyone that likes New York style pizza give this place a try.
Great food, staff and atmosphere! We had our local lunch club here and it was great! I would recommend everyone to try the ziti as well as the pizza!
A most go to place!!! You can taste the freshness, you can tell they make the dough daily. Amazing
congratulations on your grand opening today Lady Luck Caf!!!

A nice lady came to our office on Friday to pass out menus and since there is not many selections of places that deliver on water street to choose from for lunch, I thought I would give this new place a shot!I ordered lunch to be delivered to my office . YAY for free delivery!! I created my own sandwich salami and cheese with all the fixings. The sandwich comes with chips and a cookie. Delivery was fast, food was fresh and delish, Portions are good size and the cost for lunch was 7 bucks. I will definitely be ordering from here in the future!
Zero dairy-free coffee options and no vegan-friendly breakfast choices.  Vegetarian menu available for lunch but since I order without the mayo and cheese, it left me with a dry sandwich with only the flavor of the veggies.  The chips were good and looked freshly made, but were the saltiest chips I've had in a very long time.

Free wi-fi. Yay!  No power sources.  D'oh!  Place looked newly (and hastily) painted so well-kept.  Just a handful of 2-tops and one 4-top table inside, though.

Water Street is desperate for eateries, so I'm sure this place is great for omnivores.  Very nice gentleman working the desk and open very early (7 am) which is nice for those of us only down there for car service nearby.  They have a coffee happy hour from 7-9 for 50% off, too, which would've been great -- had they carried a non-dairy milk.

I overheard other diners really enjoying the French Dip sandwich of the day, so my review is only for the more healthy-minded.
Absolutely love this place. I'd agree with everyone who says it's a hidden gem. I don't live close by at all but I frequent this place once a week. The food is reasonably priced and the staff is warm and welcoming. They have specials going all the time. I love the quiche and caprese salad!!! My wife always order the sandwiches for the fresh baked baguette, they are to die for. For us early birds, there is the coffee and tea happy hour at 50% off! I will be definitely coming back to try more things off the menu. Happy eating!!!
Yay!  A place that delivers breakfast to work!  I always get their breakfast burritos, add hash browns (and sometimes avocado).  It is so good.  My coworker usually gets a bagel breakfast sandwich.  They also have yummy baked goods like cookies and cinnamon rolls.  I haven't tried them for lunch yet but am looking forward to it.  Their soup and sandwiches look really good.  Their delivery hours used to start at 10 am and Zach would deliver early for us which was really nice.  They now deliver earlier, starting at 8 am I believe.  If you live or work in the downtown Henderson area give them a try!
Love Love Love this place! Amazing food, great prices, wonderful people! This business is a prime example of how service should be!!! Thanks Lady Luck.
The cashier was so friendly! Also, by far the best french dip and cinnamon roll I've ever had! I can't wait to go back! Plus they are on Groupon so I just got a $20 for $40 voucher! I see Cinnamon rolls in my near future!
Yumm, yumm, yumm! Super good, quick and did I say yummy! The staff was very nice and made a great sami!
I am out this way once a month or so, I will be back..
Congratulations on you awesome eatery Lady Luck!
Drove all the way here and they are closed for maintenance until end of May. I just wish that businesses that are on yelp would make us aware of these types of things, bc now I have a bad taste in my mouth...