I fully agree with Bil Z. --- the food is a little overpriced and not worthy of 5 stars, but the concept of this restaurant / movie theater makes up for it many times over.  It's surprising there aren't more of these places around.  The food is on par with typical 4 star hotel (Hilton, Hyatt, etc.) restaurants both in terms of quality and price.  The decor is reminiscent of art deco style theaters.  Sound and projection quality doesn't compare to a large chain, but the intimate atmosphere makes up for it.  Here's a tip -- go to restaurant.com and you can usually find coupons for $25 off which can be purchased for $5-$10.  Enjoy!
Okay, I have to admit... I did not want to go here.  The mere thought of eating dinner while watching a film among other diners... I have enough trouble getting idiots to shut up when I'm at a normal theater...
But was I pleasantly surprised.  The menu is varied, and the food is good, but not great.  I've had the teriyaki steak and the shrimp fettucine, and both really hit the spot.  The films are not first run, but are what you would expect from ppv or out on video, but you get to see it on the big screen.  And all in all, it was quieter than when I go Harkins or Loews or any of the other theaters.
My brothers friend's family owns this place so of course I think it's great. I have been here with my family and we had a fun time. The concept of Farrelli's is to enjoy a movie while eating dinner. As a person who plans out everything I really like the idea. Farrelli's has a awesome atmosphere that looks like an old fashioned movie theater with a fancy dining room instead of seats. The reason I give Farelli's four stars is because the OK food was a bit over my price range. Still a fun place to go from time to time!
I went to see the 5 p.m. showing of "Evan Almighty" recently and had a fun experience. The theatre is unlike any movie theatre I've ever been to and I love that you can order dinner and cocktails during the screening. The menu is large and diverse and there's even a children's menu. This is a good place for families and couples. It's not ideal for a night out with the girls.
Farrelli's Cinema Supper Club is exactly what the name would imply... a place to have dinner/drinks while eating dinner. The unspoken part is that it is FUN.

Management requests that you make reservations and it helps to secure a good seat. You place your order before the movie starts and receive your food during the previews. The staff is helpful, and operates very quietly throughout the film. 

The movies are second-run. During a recent newsletter, ownership explained that the market power of the multiplex (Harkin's) prevents them from getting the first run movies. The selection is good. They generally show 4-6 movies and I have seen Casino Royale, Blades of Glory, POTC: Black Pearl and Spiderman III there. 

The food is good, but a little pricey. I always order the Chicken Farrelli (chicken, artichokes, potatoes) which is phenomenal. The menu includes appewtizers, salads, burgers, sandwiches and entrees.

For something a little different and BETTER than the multiplex, try Farrelli's.
This place has it all...

1) Drinks - A wonderful bar area to relax with a cocktail and chat before dinner.

2) Dinner - A great menu from affordable sandwiches, to fish and steak, and even desert. You get cute little buzzers to summon the waiter during the movie.

3) Movie - A great view of the screen from wherever you dine, and comfortable tables. Plus, the movies are relatively new releases.

Two thumbs up!!!

http://www.farrellis.com
You can't spell Fun without an F. And in this case, the F stands for Farrelli's. Talk about a great way to spend an evening! 

I ain't gonna lie. You can easily rack up a pretty lofty bill, especially when you're ordering wine by the glass and $9.50 appetizers that taste too good to be true. My fave has to be the Garlic Shrimp Pizza, though it was a tad too greasy. Also good: Baked Brie L' Orange and the Fruit/Cheese plate. 

Farrelli's offers a large drink selection, including featured cocktails and seasonal beers. But, for the wine lover, you'll be happily pleased to see their expansive wine list. You can buy by the glass or the bottle. Prices start at 7 and go up to 9.50 for their suggested Earthquake Cab. I had a glass of that (very good), as well as the Round Hill Cab, which I preferred. 

A movie will cost ya $8.50. But seriously, it's not the price that matters. It's the experience. 

Picture this: You place a simple phone call into Farrelli's and tell them you want to make a reservation for (insert time here) for (this many people here). They put your name on the list, then advise you to arrive 30 minutes before showing so they can seat you and take your order. You are welcome to arrive even sooner and take a seat in their bar, which boasts pictures of Hollywood stars, including the timeless Marilyn Monroe. 

The theater itself feels more like a larger lounge area, with a movie screen. You sit in comfortable leather chairs at a round table. 

Best thing of all? You can simply push a button during the movie and your server will answer. What is it that you needed? No worries. 

At the end of the movie, you get a bill, much like at a restaurant. You can split it up however you feel like it. My close friend said, "Don't be alarmed by the bill." Thanks for the warning, for between the three of us, it was $125 w/o tip. I guess every once in a while you just need to spoil yourself, right? 

If you go with someone (or a few someones) and you all can agree on a wine to order, I suggest ordering a bottle. It's the one piece of advice I'd bestow on anyone going here. Also, no need to dress to the 9's. This place will welcome you in jeans and chucks! 

Farrelli's is a great experience. I recommend it for everyone - friends, family, a date. The movies they offer here aren't new releases, but they manage. (Be forewarned: Their "advertisements" at the start of the film are hideous. We're talking center alignment with ugly font and sentences that never end... Oy vey.)

I will definitely be back!
I'm really torn about Farrelli's. The concept is fabulous: lunch or dinner at the movies. And their Fall movie festival is fantastic, with classics like Breakfast at Tiffany's (which I had never seen before today), and the upcoming Beetlejuice, The Unforgiven, Forrest Gump, and the Wizard of Oz. I just wish their food was as good as their menu made it sound.

We settled on the Baked Brie al'orange, and at first we thought the waitress had brought us out something quite other than what the menu described. Turns out the orange marmalade and candied pecans were a fine sprinkling on top of the cheese, under the layer of so-called puff pastry. The puff pastry was "dead," so to speak, as if it had been out and in the fridge for days. The brie was not very high quality, and the bread was stale. My burger was overcooked, and Hubby's veggie wrap was just ok, but we agree that the fries were really good and super crispy. The iced tea was good and strong, and the waitress kept our glasses filled. I wished we had gotten the popcorn, as we had when we came here before. God, I dream about that popcorn. Like what you would make at home on the stove, with salt and real butter- if you had the energy, that is.

The seats were comfy, and the audience full of women kept pretty quiet, except the times when Holly's cat was in danger and nearly abused. We're headed back for "The Unforgiven", another classic I have never seen, but plan to choose other menu items. Maybe just the popcorn....
What a fun place in Scottsdale. Dinner and a movie you cant beat that. Plus drinks. On the plus side the food was very good. If you stay with sandwiches you can get away with a dinner for 10 bucks and under for one person plus drink. They have about 8 sandwiches. And don't get me wrong this isn't your moms turkey and wheat toast . Mine was a Fillet Mi non with Blue Cheese crumble sandwich on a roll. It was oh so tasty and the meat was tender and juicy. 

The service is excellent they leave a little flashing square thingy for the waiter if you need anything during the show. The drinks are about average for Scottsdale I got a 20 oz blue moon for 5.50 and my woman got a glass of wine for about 8 bucks. Both our dinners came with a choice of Salad or Fries. We had salads. They were very good too and fresh! 

The average price for an entree here that isn't a salad and sandwich is about 18-35 bucks. Desserts range from 4-9 bucks and appetizers 5-15 depending on the specials and such. You can get fresh popcorn as an appetizer and they bring it out fancy style in a black dish. 

Overall I say this is a very fun place to take a date or try once in a while. Its pretty expensive if you go all out but you can also do well if you pick the lesser items. Total for dinner and movie for us was 77 bucks plus tip. That included an appetizer (burchetta) 2 beers 2 glasses of wine 2 dinner sandwiches with salad and 2 movie tickets Enjoy!
If it wasn't for the bad food I would go here more than once or twice a year.  The meat was dry and tough in my first entree and not edible in my second. Now when my wife drags me here to watch a movie, I order a salad only. Because they do catering, I have a suspicion that they serve up left over food from catered events to their restaurant customers.  

The service is OK. They have a couple of generic draft beers. Everything is overpriced.  Caveat Emptor if you order an entree.
If AMC, the $1 cinema and Denny's were able to birth a baby from a menage a trois, it'd be this. 

Farrelli's shows not so new yet not too old movies while serving mediocre food. It was very distracting to watch a movie while servers walked throughout the area serving Denny's quality food. I took a few bites of my food and left it. I've managed to repress the memory of what I ate so I'm sorry I can't warn you all about it. 

The concept of dinner & a movie, at the same time, is awesome, but unfortunately, they failed to deliver.
love this place - especially when they are showing older flicks - went for a girls night out to see The Big Chill - we all dressed "disco", ordered drinks, apps, and desserts and just noshed and giggled all thru the film! The service is pretty much spot on - don't find it distracting at all - of course, we heeded the mgmt's recommendation on when to get there and be seated - this way, all ordering, drink delivery and service was pretty much done by the time the movie started.  

I've also taken my daughter to see Wizard of  Oz - great experience - seeing it on a big screen, with the opportunity for her to be "grown up" and sit at a table in a comfortable chair and eat during the movie.
I love this place. Had a great lunch and watch Sex in the City here. It was a really good experience. I look forward to going back!
I had been wanting to try this place for awhile. Last night we finally went to see 2012. A movie where it's best to eat at the beginning, because you probably won't want to later. At least I didn't. 

Everyone has covered the basics of what and how this place operates so I won't reiterate. I love the concept, and feel like they've done a really good job with one or two exceptions. The place looks great and is very comfortable. Service is largely unobtrusive, but hard to flag without the buzzer. And the ladies room wastebasket was overflowing with paper towels all on the floor - before the movie started.

I liked the music videos / live REM concert video before the movie started. I was hoping this meant no ads beforehand but I was wrong. 

What I found lacking was the food. We ordered the crab dip and grilled chicken bruschetta. The bread served with the dip was dry and stale. Didn't taste particularly real, which I thought given the ($10.95?) price, should have been a given. The bruschetta was ok, but again, the cheese tasted a little bit weird. It wasn't bad, really, just not good. 

Oh and MHA also asked me to mention that his popcorn (a must have for him) didn't seem like "movie" popcorn and the real butter was cold and congealed. With all this, I also thought the food was overpriced. If it was better, I wouldn't so much mind the $60+ total for 2 tickets, 2 appetizers, 1 popcorn and 2 beers, but ...

I am torn, though - I really love the concept and would like to go again. I want to support such establishments because I reallt think they're fun and a good idea. Maybe if it's a movie I missed and really really want to see.
I took my daughter here for a special night out and it was so much fun. She wanted to stay and watch the movie another time. I had hesitated about going in the past because I thought the movie sound and quality would not be very good. I was wrong, it was excellent.
For families like ours who love watching movies together and eating great food, this place is perfect. The ambience is fantastic, the screen and sound are wonderful and the food is great. From the greeter to the servers to the folks behind the bar (yes, folks, there's a great bar if you want to hang out and discuss the movie afterwards), everyone is eager to say hello and make you feel welcome. Congratulations to Tom & Wendy for making such a great place.
For a movie place, the food is pretty good, even for vegetarians! They even mix a decent drink. Now, if I could only remember what I had and liked... 

Ironically, it's the popcorn that we're always tempted to order but never end up too fond of.
I like that the movies are somewhat current (i.e. you can still find them in the "regular" theaters) and the concept is fun for a unique family outing or date-night. I love that I can sip on a cocktail while watching a movie and not have to be home on my couch. 

Why not more stars? The food does NOT measure up to the prices for me. Think hotel food. :(

I totally suggest going but stay away from the entrees to avoid disappointment.
I love movies.  I love dinner dates.  Farrelli's combines the two, making it the perfect spot for a fun date night!

What an awesome idea!  I've been here a few times, most recently to see Iron Man 2.  (My boyfriend wanted to see it, and we missed it while it was still at the major theaters.  So I decided to take him out on a surprise date!)  The tiered levels of seating are great, the seats are comfy, and everyone always has a good view of the screen.  The sound system is also very good, even for an action movie like Iron Man 2. 

The staff runs this place like a well-oiled machine.  Seating begins a half hour before the movie, so you have plenty of time to peruse the menu and order drinks, appetizers, and your main course before the show begins.  If you arrive earlier, you can sit in the bar/lounge area and have a drink or two (or head across the parking lot to Sapporo for some happy hour sushi).  The servers quietly and unobtrusively move about the theater, bringing food, taking orders, and clearing plates.  Each table also has a light-up coaster that can be used to summon a server at any time.  

Their drinks are tasty (not at all watered down), and the food is good, though not exceptional.  The sandwiches are a great deal at under $10, and they come with a side salad or fries - very filling!  I really like the idea of eating a real meal and having a few drinks while enjoying a movie.  Don't get me wrong, I love the popcorn at Harkins, but there's something different and a little romantic about enjoying a cocktail and sharing some baked brie with someone special.  

I highly recommend Farrelli's for anyone looking for a different "date" atmosphere or an evening out with a group of friends.
This is the perfect spot for a date night. 

For about the same price as seeing a movie in regular theaters, you can check out a second-run in a very cozy setting. It kind of feels like you're watching a movie in a very nice theater room at a friend's house (only the movie is still off a film projector, and the sound system is better). The seats are very comfortable and are easy to transition from the table (when you're eating) to facing the screen better when you're not. The staff is also very good about being almost transparent while serving you in the middle of the movie. 

The food is not spectacular, but it's definitely not bad. They also have a decent beer and wine selection, along with a bar in the lobby. 

If you've never tried a cinema supper club, Farrelli's is worth checking out just for the experience alone.
Or if you're just planning to do dinner and a movie on a random night, why not just do them both together?
Against the advice of my 21 year old the family ventured out to see "Killers" at Farrelli's Cinema and Supper Club in Scottsdale. 

Farrelli's is a place I frequent on a special night for a movie that I wished I would have caught at the theatre. 

The unique twist with Farrelli's is the dining and drinking you can do while you are watching the show. The movies range throughout the day from great family movies and the heavier stuff at night when the kids should be in bed.

The wine list  and other beverages along with the food are above average quality and price. Anywhere I can find a glass of Row 11 Pinot is alright with me.

My family usually shy's away from the high dollar menu and stick to the salads appi's and the tenderloin sandwich. My 12 year old decided the pizza has been too mushy in the past so he opted for the tenderloin sandwich as well this time.

I had a cold crispy lettuce wedge that was drowned in dressing but oh so good. My fault for not getting the dressing on the side. I do not understand why 99% of the restaurants I go to insist on drowning the lettuce!

My daughter had the chicken ceasar and a Blue Moon and actually laughed at the silly movie. Just goes to show how much the environment weighs in on forming an opinion.

Farrelli's is a family run business and seems to be hanging in there in this economy. I wish they had a few less expensive options but we always order the same thing.

There is a nice bar to wait in until seating time and very comfortable rolling chairs to actually view the movie. Plus great music videos before the show.

The bartender is always happy and friendly, but our waiter Kieth seemed a bit put off that we already had drinks when we got to the table and never has as nice  table side manor. Everyone else at Farrelli's has always been very nice and "happy".

Make sure you get the popcorn!!!! It is just like Grandma used to make in the popcorn popper. Only the best ingredients.

I am getting a group of ladies together next week to go in and catch Sex and the City 2 with a donation of a pair of shoes you get a $2 martini!

Farrelli's is a great place for gatherings of all ages and occasions. 

I tell all my friends to go there when they want to do something different.

Farrelli's is a go!
Have been seeing movies and having dinner/lunch here for about six years. I have never had a bad meal here. The food and menu are always excellent! The service is great, it's the best way to see a movie ever; from a comfortable leather chair with a friendly waiter/waitress. Great prices to top if off.
I love this place ! the service was top notch, merlot was great, prices I was very happy with . 

I think I'm gonna be a regular .
The concept is amazing, and I probably set my hopes too high for this little joint. Watching a movie and enjoying full service food and drink at the push of a button? What's not to love?

Turns out, just about everything. The execution was totally off. We were the only people in the theater but somehow the service still sucked. The food was mediocre. The second run movies were mediocre, but plenty entertaining after a couple glasses of wine, which were offered at a decent price.

I guess it's the cheap bastard gene in me that has a problem with this place. I nearly bust a nut when I have to pay full price at a regular theater and shell out for their snacks, let alone drop double the amount on a crappier second run version of the same theater fare. 

I'll stick to catching the drive-in double feature with my own bottle o' wine and snacks, rather than return to this place and shell out obscene amounts of money on freezer-burned puff pastry and vino.
I love this little spot in Scottsdale. For the past few years, we've been catching 'It's A Wonderful Life' on Christmas Eve. Service was the same as always - great. Waiters were always on top of things. After the movie, we enjoyed drinks by the lounge. It was nice to enjoy this with a group of new friends and each left amazed at this experience. We'll definitely have to return more often. Cheers!
I love this place. What a fun night out.
This place is one of my absolute favorite places to eat, drink and watch movies in Scottsdale. The owners are incredibly friendly, my drinks always full and the food is delish! It sure beats the smelly, stale experience at traditional movie theaters. Here you can sit down at a table, order a nice bottle of vino and snack on savory treats like fresh hummus, cheese plates, sandwiches, salads and entrees. NOTE: Dessert is a must, so save room! This is a great place for kids, dates and friendly outings. I am waiting for the owners to open a dinner theater in Maryland so I do not have to fly all the way to AZ to go to Farrelli's!
Went for the first time with a girlfriend on New Year's Eve.  We had a wonderful time, the food was good, the service was good and I was happy with the sound system of the theater.  (really what can I say about a movie theater?)  I don't go to movies much but I would like to only go here from now on.  It's a movie experience for grown-ups.  No kids running around or crying during the film and I get to drink alcohol during the film!  Prices are fair and my only complaint would be that the movies are not first-run so you have to be patient if there is a film that you are looking forward to seeing.
I spent the evening here with friends last Saturday. We waited in the bar until our table for 8 was ready. My first impression after entering the dinner-theater room was that the room was full, stuffy and it smelled like a locker room.  When I told the waiter that it felt stuffy, his first response was that it's normal for a room to heat up with 60 warm bodies in it.... Wrong answer!  The AC kicked in and actually got chilly a few times after that, but you certainly didn't hear me complain about that. I put the black cloth dinner napkin on my bare legs. Hey- It matched my zebra print skirt and black shirt so I was stylin' while watchin'.

I had already eaten so I ordered the previously Yelped reviews and highly recommended real buttered popcorn. I paid $5 for a bowl of grease flavored, unbuttered popcorn (I had ordered real butter). It was horrible and I hardly ate any of it. The cheesecake was good and the raspberry topping delicious, but $6 is pretty steep for a small slice of heaven.

Regardless of all that, I still rate Farrelli's a 4. I won't let a few negative experiences cloud my overall impression of the place. 

My friend and I both decided that Farrelli's would be a good double date night out idea. Now all me need are two willing and available men...... Okay, so the line forms here...now.
I've been to Farrelli's a handful of times now. I've come to conclude that the concept is fanciful, but the execution is mediocre. 

5 Pros: 
-the art deco doors, gorgeous! 
-Hollywood glam posters on the wall 
-you push a button on your coaster, it lights up, then over pops the waiter with your refill 
-you can have a drink at the lounge while you wait for your film 
-there's an email listserv and you can get hooked up with deals 

5 Cons: 
-the food isn't great, (IT'S AWFUL) tastes mass produced and bland 
-too expensive 
-slow service in the theater, rude service upfront 
-you get graced with "smoooooth jazz" before the film starts, yeah no really. 
-if you're not on a date here, you'll feel like you should be
Group of girls celebrating a birthday were being way 2 loud and ruined the movie for everyone :(
Farrelli's is a family favorite. Birthday and anniversary dinners as well as the occasional Mother's Day brunch. I love the Art Deco environment. The bar is great for small networking events but can be quite difficult to navigate for large events.
If iPic were a swanky Scottsdale nightclub, Ferelli's would be Applebees. Affordable, comfortable, and fun.  The place does smell like it's been there forever, but I felt like it was clean and decent quality. Our server was really nice, even when I told him we weren't ordering entrees. We had two appetizers- crab dip and chicken nachos. Both were good. Also ordered dessert but it never came. It was just a miscommunication between servers. No biggie. I would definitely go back with a group of friends or my family.  

The movie screen was big, picture quality was good, and the sound LOUD (which was good for the action movie we saw).

I bought a coupon off Deal Chicken which made the evening super affordable (less than $50 for 3 people's tickets, sodas, appetizers, and tip).  

Side note: There are three levels of seating. It seemed like the front section would've been too close.
Tonight was our first night visiting Farrelli's - we had purchased a DealChicken coupon and used it as an opportunity for a "date night".

The atmosphere was awesome - chairs were incredibly comfortable and it was truly like watching a movie in the comfort of our home. Thankfully, the place wasn't too busy and it was an older crowd, so no interruptions or rude folks. 

We had the queso as an appetizer - definitely not the best. The chips were reminiscent of a Costco-type bulk chip, not the most fresh. For some reason the queso tasted like cigarette smoke - a little strange. But not completely horrible.

I had the house salad for dinner and it was fresh and quite tasty. My husband had the burger which he said was good, but lacked any type of seasoning or flavoring. We did have the popcorn, which was ok, not great. As far as the prices, we found them appropriate. 

Service was friendly but definitely not speedy. We hit the light on our table indicator but it took awhile for the waiter to come back. I have a feeling that since it was a slow night there was only a few people working both theaters.

If it were for food alone, it would probably be a 2 - 3 star deal, but the environment and the treat of having a glass of wine while being comfortable and watching a movie bumped it up to 4. We would definitely go back again.
Though the decor in this place is a bit old school, I love it. I especially love the Phil Collins music that is ALWAYS playing before the movies. The chairs are comfortable and I've never had a bad view of the movie screen. I've been here MANY times and often take out of town guests here for a unique experience. My Husband and I also like to come on weeknight date nights. 

The food is ok. We've had things we love and things we don't. Time and time again, I love their salads. Something about that cabernet vinaigrette that gets me every time. They also put cranberries and feta cheese in it, which I love. The tenderloin sandwich is another item we get regularly and each time it is made well and tastes good. The piece to resistance however is the popcorn. My god, the popcorn. Something about it being popped fresh and having real butter is just magical. Get it, trust me, I wouldn't steer you wrong. 

Go to Farrell's! It is a great concept, they play good movies, and it's a cool local spot to hit up. PLEASE keep this place alive, I would be sad to see it go!
We loved it. The prices range from average burger prices to about $20. The creme brulee was awesome.
I have been going to Farrelli's for years, since they first opened. I love the idea of this place.

Remember people, 3 stars isn't bad it means A-OK. 

I would give the concept 5 stars. The atmosphere is cool. I love the old movie posters in the hallway. Most of the seating is comfortable. I would much rather watch a movie like this instead of being crammed like a sardine in a typical theater. 

Service is almost always good. 4 stars. On their busier nights the service has been a little rushed and impersonal. However they are always quick when you page them for something during a movie.

Now we come to the food... When they first opened their food was 4 stars. Tasty and simple. I also had their catered food at a couple weddings and it was 4 star food as well. I am sad to say that in the last few years the quality of the food has gone down drastically. My husband and I went a few nights ago and it hit rock bottom. My sandwich was dry and tasteless. My husband liked his burger but he was horrified when he bit into a still frozen french fry. Yuck. 

Drink prices are steep. $7 for a draft beer. Really? The food prices would be fair if the food quality was a little better. 

I hope the owners take the criticisms to heart. I still love Farrelli's and always have a good time when I go.
I was there with my parents to see Larry Crowne.  Movie was fine, food and service were good.  I always enjoy my time at Farrelli's.
My friend and I came here per her suggestion (her having been there a few years back and my first time) and we had a blast! We arrived early for the antipasto appetizer and drinks in the bar. The owner was the bartender and was very nice and friendly. We saw Bridesmaid, which was hysterical and the food was not bad at all. You could tell it was all made fresh there. I ordered the steak, although a little overcooked, still perfectly edible. We ordered the popcorn at the end, air popped with REAL butter! It was delicious. A little dated decor (but still great!), but it was clean and comfortable. We had such a wonderful time and will absolutely go back!!!
This is a solid four stars. You can sit at a bar with a great view of the movie or you can sit at a table. Either way you can't go wrong. I've never had a bad meal here in approx ten visits. I recommend the lasagna, new york strip, Wine or a cocktail, and of course popcorn. If you haven't been and you like movies you gotta add farrelli's to your rotation. A great place for a date. And if the clock is running on the babysitter this place is a must!
So sad to report that Farrelli's has CLOSED.  I received an email indicating it was due to a problem with the property owners.  You can read more on their website, http://www.farrellis.com/.  This is a big loss for the community.  Thanks for the memories, Farrelli's.
Here is 1 of the local casino that I love playing when I come visit.  I never stayed here so my review is about the rest of the casino.  They have the machines I love (I play the 1 cent) and usually someone in my party wins something there.  Not always a huge amount but at least they win.  As for the tables, they're not bad either.  It's a lot cheaper here than playing at Green Valley or on the strip.  The Hooters here is like any other Hooters in CA.  The buffet is decent.  It's not the best and it's not the worst either.  Most of the time, we either at the buffet, fat burger, or at Sunset Cafe (which is open 24 hours).  Some of the cafe food isn't good like the cornbeef hash, but their steak and eggs are just like everyone's else steak and eggs in the other casinos.  Plus if you're tired of gambling, there is a shopping mall across the street.
Best local casino by far! Sunset has everything from a bowling alley to bingo to a movie theater. The players club is also the best in the valley. They always have free slot play every month and sent great coupons in the mail. The casino is very clean and spacious. 
The best secret are the late night specials (10pm on) at the cafe. You can get a full breakfast for 2.99!! The buffet is alright, but I'm not a huge fan of buffets. Sunset station is where the locals play, and for good reason.
i normally eat here on saturdays nights at the cafe.  so ill just review the cafe.  i thought it would be a problem, since the cafe is sorta an open area to the casino, so i thought we would smell cigarette smoke.  but we didnt, so that was good.  

food there is pretty good.  Not much of a selection, but what they lack in selection they make up for it in portions.  They have a teriyaki bowl (surprisingly good), rotisserie chicken, burgers, sandwiches, breakfast stuff, etc.  Nothing there really caught my eye, so i ordered an appetizer sampler and i was satisfied. 

the staff was pleasant, and she was very attentive.  We came here during the olympics, and we were able to see the swimming races as they have TVs spread out over the cafe. they also have keno, which i dont play, but if i did, i wouldve appreciated it being there at the table.

but overall, a really nice casino.  they have a movie theatre and a bowling alley (ive been there).  the mall is also across the street, along with Borders and B&N, target, old navy, a plethora of panda expresses and many other shopping places. anyways, if youre just visiting and have no desire to go to the strip, then this is a nice place to stay (other than GVR).
Well I'm leaving the hotel tomorow morning so I guess I'm technically still a guest, but oh well haha.

Beds are pretty comfortable, the shower has decent room and water pressure [I hate when hotel showers just drip, it's annoying n difficult], n my only complaint is that they have the cheapest toilet paper is the world--wtf is that about?

To get to the pool, get in the side entrance, n use the elevators requires your room key. Kinda weird in my opinion but I guess that's a good idea so random people can't just wander into the hotel or pool area. So safety-wise, a plus.

Oh, n there's a Starbucks on the Casino floor sooooo there are NO coffee pots in the hotel rooms and NO refrigerators. Kinda random. At least you have one of those ice cups if you wanna run down the hall to get ice for an ice chest or somethin.

Buffet style eating here is pretty good. They have a whole section for sugar-free deserts if you're concerned about that kinda thing. The buffet line is split into each type of food: Asian, Americana, Mexican, n Dessert!

Our hotel room was on a non-smoking floor which was nice. But there are also floors that allow smoking.....but if you smoke on a non-smoking floor there's a sign that says there will be a $100 violated fee haha so don't do it.

The pool in the back area of the hotel is about three feet deep but it's designed pretty cool almost like the edge overflows kinda like a fountain.

Hooter's, Regal Cinema's, n a bowling alley are attached to the hotel/casino. There's plenty of places around like Walmart n Target or Walgreen's to go get anything you might need outside of the hotel close by. Convenience is always great.

Overall, it's a good place to stay. Good for families n whoever else wants to stay. Oh n by the way, the downstairs casino area is decorated like it's outdoors---reminded me of an old Disneyland ride lol fake sky n etc!
This is my new favorite casino.

Very quiet, very nice-looking casino.  Low minimums on blackjack and craps ($5).  Friendly dealers.  And it has many of the slot machines I like:  Invaders from the Planet Moolah, Star Trek.

They have a card system that gives you money to play with as soon as you join.
This sation casino is outdate for me. The good think about it is what it has to offer locals. There the movie theatre, the bowling alley and my favorite thing, club madrid. On fridays it used to be you could see The WHIP its who are the coolest 80's throwback band. And yes you vant to touch his Monkey. :) :) Other then that i feel like i should be 50 years old in here.
My husband and I spent a few nights here before he left for Iraq. Since the military footed the bill, I cannot say anything about room rates. The room we stayed in faced a parking lot, but was on a high enough floor to still give us a great view. The windows in the room were huge! Not like the fake ones you find in a cheaper hotel, where the curtains make you think there's more window than there really is.
The casino area was bright and roomy. It made me feel like we were outside in the sunshine, even thought I knew it was already dark outside. 
We tried two of the hotel's restaurants: The Sonoma (Cellar?) Steakhouse, which is on the very expensive end, and the cafe that served breakfast at a decent price. I can't remember the name, sorry. Breakfast was great though. 
I know the hotel has a pool, too, but we didn't try it out. We spent alot of time in our room.
Another great benefit to the hotel, is that it's so close to so many things to do. One of the malls is just across the street, and Last Shot Tattoo (great place, too) isn't far either. All-in-all, I think this is a great place. :)
You can't beat $40 a night on a weekday with a stick.  The room was clean and attractive, the exercise room is sufficient.  The buffet is an awesome deal, $14 for dinner (cheaper if you join the club) and the food was decent enough.
Soo, I met the bf's parents we went to Vegas and this was our first stop! After the parents picked us up, they drove us to this hotel. I really liked this place because it's newly renovated, clean, and cheap! They had a lot of slot machines that were the nickel machines and they were loose, too, compare to the fancier hotels at the strip. I noticed the tables had low minimums, too!  Although this hotel is away from the strip, it wasn't a bad drive if you want to stay here over night. Stay away from the buffet, though.. it wasn't that good! Get their Preferred Card, you get points and win some cool prizes! I didn't get to stay for the drawing, though.
I canot comment on room...did not stay...but after bad experience at hotel I stayed...may consider next time....oh wait a minute there's a $10 "resort" fee added to room per night...probably will pass.

Did gamble quite a bit...went for Monday night football for third year in a row when bears played vikings....$1 dogs and beer....good deal....went back 2 nights later to bet sports and play craps....dealers were friendly and won $200...cocktail servers at craps were efficient...but one at sports book on Monday I tried to get a beerr but she wouldn't serve unless I had a drink ticket...she called me honey...you're not my honey you don't know me....my bad lesson learned for next time.

This was my base casino when my friend lived there nearby..he moved away...very good poker machines and craps and not near as crowded as strip or downtown....joined Station players club 2 years ago
Been going to Sunset for years now and consider it one of the best off strip resorts in Vegas. 

Sure; Green Valley Ranch, Red Rock and M are a little newer and appeal to the young crowd but there will always be something about the relaxed decor, buffet, Ben & Jerrys, and Regal movie theatre that I will always enjoy.
This place was great!!! I was there this past weekend and enjoyed every minute spent at the location. The buffet is awesome, affordable and delicious. We had a suite on the 8th floor, rm 827. Very affordable, great service, nice clean rooms. Will re visit in December!!!
No 5 star rating because there was a convenience fee and it was not on the strip other than that a definite place to visit.
Rosalita's Cantina @ Sunset Station 
Best Mojito I've ever had!!! 
We went on a Sunday for the happy hour at Rosalita's Cantina. Our bartender "Sosa" was top notch. He had a great sense of humor and establishes exceptional rapport with the guests. Being a Cuban native he smiled when I asked for a Mojito....and said "you make me feel at home, this is our drink! " It truly was his drink!! I've had Mojitos in some of the best Cuban and Caribbean restaurants in NY, and his topped them all. I look forward to going back for happy hour.
NOTE: THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE HOTEL

Our room was in a far wing of the hotel and once you got to the Coco's Restaurant (which was nearly always empty) you could actually kind of breathe and not smell the cigarette smoke that casts a pall over the entire lobby/casino area. 

Just about the only things I liked at the hotel were the Tarocco Sicilian red orange toiletries (Shampoo, conditioner and hand cream) in our room, the room's decor (tasteful and not quite dated but clearly from the 1990's) and the fact that they had a decent movie theater.

The cigarette smoke in this hotel choked us every time we entered. The pool wasn't heated and was an outdoor pool, though it looked like it would be nice if it were warmer weather. It was closed the first night we were there and too cold to get in the next day based on other guests remarks.

Our bathroom smelled like cigarettes on our last day there, like the odor was seeping through the ventilation. The beds were some of the most uncomfortable I've slept on. I woke up several times in the night with pain in my back from the sagging mattress. The 2nd night I took a sleeping pill just so I could be knocked out and get some rest it was that bad. The buffet was pretty much inedible, unless you like doughnuts and strawberry yogurt. Lots of variety, all kinds of food - but lacking in flavor of any kind. None of us liked it and teenagers will eat anything, so that's saying a lot.

It was especially sad/pathetic to see so many elderly people mesmerized by the slot machines spending away their Social Security checks, yikes! 

I wouldn't stay here again unless I had to, I'm sure there are nicer places in Las Vegas.
So.... I'm reviewing this place based on the event held there... Punk Rock Bowling. First off, I would like to state that they really seem to appreciate their guests and their security is quite resonable... even with punk rockers shinanigans and I think they understood many things were in silly fun.

Their night manager was superb! He assisted me with a matter and assured me that the problem would be dealt with any means possible and I was EXTREMELY satisfied with the service! Every member of the staff was there if I had any needs, everything from management, security, room service and even the maid staff!

I enjoyed the ability to drink and smoke at leisure and not feel bogged down by extensive rules... although my only negative expierence was while exiting towards the bowling alley, the area suddenly becomes non-smoking, which I was not aware of. I saw several old friends and starting chatting when a security officer told me it was non- smoking. I said okay and started walking into the bowling alley to put out my cigerette in the trash can, which he followed me then told me that I had to leave the building cause I had smoked... despite that I was walking to throw my cigerette away and it was already in the trash. It was so stupid. So instead of grabbing my friend from the bowling alley, cause I was rudely told that I had to leave that second, I ended up leaving by myelf cause I couldn't get my friend. 

But since I was staying in the hotel it was dumb and only this one person with a bug up his butt.

All and all... this place was cool for PRB. The buffet is sorta gross and WAY over priced at almost $17 bucks. Nothing was good, but if you needed to soak up alcohol with large amounts of food, then this is the place.

I wish the bar had cheaper drinks. I ordered 3 shots and my friends were blown away when it was over 22 bucks and he charged me 2 bucks for a chaser.
I went there this weekend for Punk Rock Bowling and it was Awesome! It is pretty big but it is not that crowded. Everything you need is around the Sunset Station. You have a huge choice of restaurants to choose from. There is a mall across the street and there is also a Wal-Mart and Best Buy. The Casino has about everything you want and if you do want to go to Vegas it is about 20 min away. So your good no matter what.
Buffet attendant brought out fresh prime rib for me, and it was the most juicy, tender, and generous cut I've had in Vegas yet.  The $15 price was covered by the cut, mashed potatoes, and broccoli alone.
REVIEW OF: MOVIE THEATER

I went here to see Prince of Persia. Got there and the line was like 12 deep with one guy working the register (slowly...lol) I could tell we were going to be there a min but it was ok, the company more than made up for the long wait. 

We got our tickets and moved to grab a bite of something...We ordered the mini dogs but for some strange reason they had to call a "manager" before they could tell us if we could order them...ok, no prob. Let's just do the regular dogs, ok?  "Ok....wait is it ok if I microwave one, because we only have 1 cooked now?!" LOL... Ok, sure, I said (I was hungry, and we just wanted to watch the movie) so we got that and 2 drinks and luke warm cheese sauce. I was looking for mustard, relish etc. Finally I found the cart of packets..lol. No straws anywhere....had to ask them for 2 and finally just grabbed 2 from a stack because they were not paying attention. 

Off to the movies =) we get to our theater and go inside....WOW - This is a small (no tiny) theater! I mean like 10 rows on top (if that) and 5 below. It was packed too. We got a decent spot to sit in, but the seats were horrible. My back was killing me the whole movie and then some. 

The movie was great but if it had not been for my company and the movie being as good as it was (I am a fan of the game and this movie was killer imo) I would not have been able to deal with the experience. 3 stars is the most I can muster up folks.


P.S. The walk through of the casino was nice, the only downside for me, was all the damn smoke. LOL. And getting a cab was rather quick.
BEWARE of the hidden amenity fee. At first look, the rooms seem so cheap, but then also add onto that price an addiitonal $16 for an amenity fee that they automatically charge you even if you don't want to use their internet. 

That's the only reason why Sunset Station gets 4 stars. Other than that, the rooms are very clean, new looking, and nice. The casino tables have low minimums which is nice.

Also, the hotel is huge! It has a movie theater, starbucks, and tons of restaurants. I would definitely recommend this place if you want a quieter place to stay away from the strip
I go here to Cash my paychecks and with most Station Casinos the Cashiers are friendly. The Valet's were friendly though over worked because they needed more of them. Having not been to the buffet in a while. It was good and they redone it. I recommend it to people. They have Gelato which i didnt try but the desserts were good. Bread Pudding was awesome.
Let me begin by stating that the Sunset Station is my home away from home...literally. I once spent 3 weeks in a row here while on an extended business trip. With that said, the Sunset Station has plenty to offer and kept me entertained , even while couped up in the same hotel for almost a month. 

The rooms are nice and big, though a little dated (The hotel hallways feel a little like the lodge in the movie "The Shining" to me. I fully expected to see those creepy twins pop out at any time). The price for rooms is very reasonable, especially during the week. Do be aware of the "Hotel Amenity Fee," which is automatically added to the room price. It is usually in the neighborhood of $15 per night and will give you access to the hotel Wi-Fi in your room among other things. 

The casino is great in my opinion. It has one of those fake sky ceilings, which gives the whole place a more airy feel. The look of the place is modeled after a Spanish/Barcelona setting. The best part is the Gaudi Bar in the middle of the casino, where all the table games are located. Modeled after the architecture of its namesake, it creates a very pleasing environment to lose money.  The dealers are very friendly.

The Sunset Station is more than a casino, with several restaurants, a movie theater, bowling alley, and even a huge play area to drop the kids off at while you go gamble away their college funds.

I recommend this place to all my friends and family when visiting the Las Vegas/Henderson area.
This is a review of Coco's in the Sunset:..OMG just stay away. First you have to walk thru a smoke infested casino.  This is just a dated casino coffee shop, re-branded under the Coco's names. It's not been updated or cleaned since the casino was opened. Coco's menu nice with lots of selections, nothing complex as far as offerings. Service here it gets really good! Basically a non-inolved staff, just putting in time with an attitude. Clearly our waitress didn't want to be at work. Kept breezing by saying our order is due up any minute....Finally arrives 45 minutes after taking our order. Stated it just came up on the serving table. Order was cold, slab of curled swiss cheese on my omlet, cold toast. We just got up and left. Before we left asked to speak to manager...Ha...explained situtation to another wait staff member...she blantly stated they couldn't do anything thats just the way it is...Don't waste 1 hour of your life..lots of other choices in the area....give Marie Callendars a try, right down the street.
This was probably the first thoughtful Stations casino designed with an artful eye- showcasing elements not usually found in your typical casino.
Beautiful spanish/mediterranean tile- I love this the most about this casino. The colors are gorgeous. The restaurants: Hooters- ate here once, the shrimp is delish, Oyster Bar- very good- ate here many many times, the Buffet- just ok for me, Ben & Jerry's- yummy combinations, Fatburger (my favorite fast food burger place). The amenities: Amphitheater- saw an all-star Jazz concert featuring Dav Koz and friends; general admission- had a great time here with my co-workers/friends, Cinemas- watched many movies here, the Lounge- small but fun- saw the Spazmatics here. It's a very good casino in the Henderson area with lots to offer.
I think this is about 15-20 minutes from Las Vegas strip or airport. I stayed here for a business trip. I got a super sweet upgrade to a suite...way more than I expected. The room was pretty cheap too, but beware of amenity fee. ALso has a hooters, movie theater and bar in hotel. Had fun and I will remember this place when I come back for fun not work.
CASINO: This casino is about 3-4 mintues from my house so as you can imagine this is the casino we frequent most often. They have beautiful artwork here (same guy that does the glass @ the Bellagio does it here but you cant take pics of it b/c they think ur cheating somehow? There goes a star!

ENTERTAINMENT: This is a pretty big place and it has within it a daycare, movie theatre, bowling alley, and Club Madrid that never has a cover charge and has weekly night live bands. I saw Nawgahyde here which was awesome (almost as good as the 80s tribute bands @ Fortune Casino on Racetrack)

RESTAURANTS: 

hooters: u already know them

Guadalajara Bar & Grill: the best mex. restaurant you've probably never been to. I'd been to Sunset about 50x before I ate here and boy was I wow'd. See my review for them separately under the rest. name. I went here to celebrate my 1st A in Anatomy & Physiology. TIP: order the Cadillac Marg. its worth it for the extra $3. Dont go for quantity go for quality. and be sure to try all the salsas available.

viva salsa: my bf liked it. fast food type- order @ the window & eat in the courtyard

Oyster Bar: had a great caesar salad here but dont get shrimp - its that nasty $4.00 big bag of the tinest pink shrimp uve ever seen. nasty. better to get the chowder.

Italian place & wine cellar place - never had it either one
COCO'S: Great breakfast. WAAAAY BETTER THAN IHOP & DENNY'S COMBINED.  i liked it better than omlet house b/c it has a healthy fare section w/ dishes under 500 calories!

Subway: brand new - they closed the quiznos for this - smart move!
Panda Express: standard fare
Fatburger: it was good the 1st time I had it but 2nd time just too greasy for my taste
Sbarro: standard fare - just not my deal

The Feast: This is where I spent my Thanksgiving in line for a . long. time. Didnt have a watch but it was worth it once we got in. The 2 of us ate thanksgiving w/ no left overs to tempt me - and it was delicious. they even had menudo! Desserts werent great i'll admit- only the pumpkin pie was worth more than 1 bite. This place was almost as good as the Orleans... almost. I'd defintely go back provided I went jogging earlier that day. for a few hrs!
Im a fan of sunset station :) I have to admit I was a little sketchy on staying here for the first time.

But the rooms are pretty big :) I like that the sink area and the shower/toilet is seperated. The beds are nice as well :)

The negatives, the shower is not to my liking. I can see that they are using the shower heads that save on water usage, but it's set to low in the wall. I have a hard time trying to take a good shower :( 
Also the toilet sounds like its going to suck you in when you flush haha :)

Another negative I saw was the lighting in the room. When I first walked in I turned on the light switchs next to the door, and it only lit the bathroom area. And it was very dark in the bedroom side. Had to scrounge to find the lights for the bed area. 2 switches next to the bed, a lamp in between, and a lamp on the corner by the window. I think the lamp by the window should be connected to the light switch by the door. Or atleast have another light switch by the entrance into te bedroom to turn on some lighting.

Other the that it was great :) great facilitys like the bowling alley, the buffet, and the oyster bar just is the icing on the cake :)

Looking forward to staying here again in the near future :)
It's close to home, it has food, gaming and movies. Yeah, we go here to rock our socks from time to time. Its nothing special when it comes to Las Vegas Casinos. Nothing fancy or shiny. Its like an old car, still works, still gets the job done without all the bells and whistles. 

They have a lot to do and plenty of places to eat. We often stop for icecream or a Fat burger. We usually always go to the movies at their regal cinemas as well. 

Sunset Station to me is like the weird friend you had in high school that you wish no one knew you hung out with from time to time...especially since you enjoy your time together. Yeah, thats how I feel about Sunset Station. Hahaha
great for games
me and a bunch of friends met there for Sunday brunch. we have the boarding pass cards so it was discounted. i believe it came to like 10 bucks. the place was spot on clean. the waiter was right on with more Mimosa's. the food was great. and we spent maybe 15 min in line. maybe. i would highly recommend this to anyone. the other thing i love is that it is only a 10 min drive from my place. i have gone to the theaters there and a few of the other restaurants. i am still impressed with the stained glass above the table games.
Every once in a while I'll meet my Henderson friends here for a drink or three.  We enjoy meeting here because it's a fun place to meetup.  We'll head to one of the bars and have a Beer and for the gamblers in the group, they enjoy the huge selection of Video Poker machines offered.

Since I don't gamble, I stick around the bar area and people watch....good times.

The casino is always kept clean and the employees are mostly friendly.  The only thing I don't like is parking....I prefer the parking garage in the back of the property rather than the surface lot, which seems to be a magnet for road ragers.

Return Factor - 40%.....only because I live on the other side of town.
The hotel room itself was excellent, large, roomy and clean.  The meals at the buffet was average but the coffee shop meals were of good value and large portions.  The hotel front desk was of no help, even though my reservations had the room and breakfast included.  They would not honor the breakfast and stated that it was my problem to solve with Hotwire whom I made the reservations with.  Even when they printed out my reservations at the front desk, it stated with meals.  This I thought was a little under handed by the hotel to accept the reservations and then to spring it on you when you check in is a bit unethical, in my opinion.  To rub salt in the wound, they charged me resort fee of about $17.00 per night and didn't get anything for it because I didn't hang around the hotel too much.  Still manage to have a good time here because we were determined not to let anything get in our way of having a good time.
This is a great place for locals. Tourist may not enjoy it as much. It is a good place to gamble. I usually either win or break even, but I don't go crazy gambling either. Everyone is nice from the waitresses to the table dealers.
Great place to stay. This was the best lodging I have had since traveling to Las Vegas for business. Large rooms that are more like a suite than a hotel room. There was no smell of smoke in the room or casino. 

The only complaint would be the wind whistle from the window that sounded like a haunted house sound track.
The Cafe in Sunset is easily the best of the Henderson area. The shrimp cocktail inside is a must. The Mexican restaurant is great as well with the massive salsa bar. I've never had any problems with the casino.
This is my old stomping ground...The bowling Alley is amazing, I think it's 72 lanes...the buffet was renovated and looks better, the food is like any other buffet.  The movie theater is a convenient place to go, they have iMax but not TRUE iMax. The table games are nicely placed in the center of the casino and have nice local limits. The dealers are real nice and friendly.  Kids Quest helps parents babysit their kids if they want to gamble.
The buffet at this casino is pretty damn good! 

As for the slot machines and poker machines, they are so tight I think they squeak when I walk by! 

My aunt and uncle are Million Point members and have way too many points that they can ever think of using so we always end up eating here when visiting the family in town. 

The food is always hot and in constant rotation. I have yet to meet a dry piece of chicken. Their salad bar is really fresh and clean. I like the dessert bar the best as it has Caramel Creme Ice Cream. The hubby got a scoop and I almost had to knock him out to get another bite. It was that good! I really like that they have an "international" flair to theif buffet because then it doesn't get boring.

I am sure that I wil be back for a buffet next time I am in town as my aunt and uncle will not eat anywhere else.
Great gambling and great affordable restaurants and friendly staff and gorgeous cocktail servers. Buffet is great !!!
My family and I usually stay there twice a year while on a boating trip to Lake Mead, never had a bad experience, until last weekend! While on vacation my husband and I request a smoking room, because we smoke when we drink and gamble and requested such when making our reservation. When we checked in they told us there were not any available. Now I've stayed there plenty of times and have never had this happen before, so I called down to the front desk and inquired as to why my reservation request was not filled. I find it highly unlikely that they could not figure something out, it's a very large hotel! They very snottily told me that it was based on availability and there was nothing they could do...really, then why make a reservation? Then the remote control on our TV didn't work, then the temperature gage on the shower wasn't working, either freezing cold or scalding hot, and the vent in the shower was missing so it was a disgusting dusty mess. Shortly after my scorching shower I went to get a water from the vending machine and guess what....it wasn't working! Really? After several more calls down to the front desk I realized I was wasting my time. Invest a little fixer up money on keeping things in working order and employees who aren't rude, self-important, power tripping pains in the butt! 

On a far more pleasant note we dined at the Mexican restaurant and the Italian restaurant located on the property and both had fantastic food and service. The cafe was pretty good too!
Enjoyed my stat in the hotel. Pool was nice, casino staff was nice and fun. Buffet was pretty good and the two free drinks at the main bar were a perk. The amenity fee is absurd and that's why it only gets four stars.
Review is for the casino/sportsbook only:

This place is quite nice.  On the inside it reminds me of the Paris with the "sky" designed ceilings.  The video poker here is pretty decent (comps are lame just like most Stations Casinos) and for me.....the Sportsbook is the draw.

Unfortunately, with as much as I like about it.....the distance from anything stinks.  It's a nice drive from Green Valley Ranch, LV Blvd, Downtown and 10+ minutes from Boulder Highway (Sam's Town, Boulder Station, Eastside Cannery).  

What makes up for it, is that it is quiet and cosy.  The Sportsbook is one of my favorites now due to the comfortable leather seats (better than some sportsbooks on the strip/near strip) and the posted odds aren't half bad.  They have better lines than MGM Resorts sportsbooks do.

If you're a local this is a place for you, if you're driving by as a tourist.....stop in for a few minutes.  It isn't as nice as Red Rock Spa & Casino or Green Valley Ranch, but it's still on the decent "tier" of Stations  Casinos.
On one of our trips between Phoenix and Reno we stayed here. It would not have been the usual stop for us but we had business with in one block and figured why not.

We were very pleased with the hotel and casino. Reception was polite and had a room ready when we arrived
The room it self was a decent size and decor. All areas were clean and comfortable.

I am one of those who dislike being presented with a resort fee. Everyone is doing it, but I still find it unacceptable. I use nothing that would fall under this fee as stated, so we are paying for what? But we got this room so unbelievably cheap It really did not matter.
This casino is a bit ways from where my brother and sister live. So we only went to this casino once only because we went to the mall down the street and came here just so we can wait till traffic dies down. Anyways this casino is a bit small and had the feeling of an old casino not much of the hotel/casinos on the strip. I played a little bit of paigow here but didn't feel a bit comfortable playing their one bit. I wasn't too sure what it was but it just kept me from rating this well.

This casino did have a Kids Quest, but my son said it was small and boring compared to all the others he's been too. So I guess this isn't the place to take your kids if you had a choice.
I received a deal to stay at this location and was very anxious for 10 great days in Vegas. 
We had three issues. 
1. They put us in a room and made use move a day later because they had scheduled maintenance for the 21st floor. They had to paint all the doors. So we had to pack all our belongings and move 4 floors down. We were not told about this on check-in.  We got a message on our phone on the second day.
2. They have WiFi, but you can't access it in the common area's unless you're at the hotel for a conventions. I work and it would be.great to access the Internet anywhere in the hotel. I don't mind paying extra, but it isn't an option. I turned off WiFi on my phone and computer and used my phone as a mobile hot spot. 
3. They close the cafe every Sunday from 8PM to 11PM at which time they move the menu to another location in the hotel. Why don't they move the menu first, then close the cafe for 3 hours? 
Overall, the employee's are very friendly, but management sucks!  I tried to contact management at least 3 or 4 times and they weren't available, so thats why I'm warning everyone on Yelp.
I happen to like the Lomi Lomi that is offered at their buffet. The Lomi Lomi is prepared using fresh salmon marinated in authentic Samoan style.  Someone actually pays attention to authenticity!

The locals know the machines and which ones pay off.  They literally own the seats in front of those machines.  Table games are the only game here.

I did find one video Jacks or Better that pays 9/6 which is rare in Henderson or in Las Vegas

Rooms and accommodation. Don't look for anything great unless you pay for the suites.  Over all, this is a budget hotel casino.
I love this local casino and I'm not sure why. The layout is confusing at first but once u find yourself the landmarks spots it's easy to navigate. I've stayed in the rooms before when y parents would visit, nothing posh but I do appreciate a clean room and decent size. 

What I also like about this place is the upgraded movie theatre, hooters, and I absolutely love the bowling arena. I played $3.75 bowling but I do know they have $1.50 bowling as well . Cosmic bowling was super fun plus if u have kids playing with you you can set up the bumpers to go up when it's their turn to bowl! Super neat!!! California bowling is so expensive so I appreciate this place!!!
I couldn't deceide wheter to give this hotel a 3 or 4 star.  Let's say it's a 3,5 star.

We come here for a couple of years now and there are a few reasons why we keep coming back:

1.  We hate the strip.  We love the greater area of Las Vegas, but just avoid the touristy, fake, want to take all your money strip as much as possible (there are some places to eat we love though).  Sunset Station is far far away from all that sh....
2. We started to hate downtown hotels to.  Years ago, Fremont street was a good alternative to stay.  It wasn't as busy, especially during weekdays.  Hotels were cheaper, well just a good value.  If you know where to go, you can find good eats there.  And when gambling you don't spend as much as you would on the strip.
3. Even though you might think it's rather remote, it really isn't.  It's minutes away from the airport and car rental terminal.  Using the highway you're pretty quickly downtown.  It's close to the outlet mall (formerly known as Belz).  Galleria is accross the street.  Not to far from downtown Henderson, where the absloute cool bar 'Gold Mine Tavern' is located.  I think you get the point here...
4. Plenty of activities under one roof: there's bowling, movie theatre, Hooters (is that an activity?), of course gambling (still 1c video poker), a pool...
5. It's a bit more expensive then Downtown hotel rooms, but a lot cheaper then a room on the strip.
6. Plenty of places to eat in the surrounding area.

Now for the downsides:

1. You need a car.  I know most people will have a car, but I do now that there are Europeans who come to Vegas the first time will not rent a car and getting around in cabs.  It's simple: if you don't have a car, don't stay here or you will spend a fortune on cabs or spending your entire vacation in this hotel.
2. We come here for several years now (twece a year) and the hotel is showing some 'age issues'.  It's still OK, but they should consider renovation anytime soon.
3. Don't forget there's a RESORT FEE of 14,95$ a night no matter how you book your room!!!  Every website mensions it, but it's easy to miss.


As you can see, we have more reasons to come here then to book some place else.  Wheter you want to book a room here or not depends on what you expect from a stay in vegas and what you expect from a hotel room.
There is something about coming to this Station Casino that I love. It could be because it's just walking distance from me. It could be because every single time I go there I always have a fantastic time. It could be because I love the Station Casino commercials. All I know is, whenever my visiting friends and family come here they always enjoy this place more than going to "strip" casinos.
A decent hotel at a reasonable price.  The pool is set up for kids (not very deep with a very shallow, wading pool end).  The only problem we had was smoke odor.  It was coming into the bathroom from the vent.  My brother had to switch rooms at first because the odor was so strong.
This is a "We Love Locals" casino, and what they really love is very old locals, not that there is anything wrong with that, if you're really old or enjoy the company of the really old.  I'm pretty old, so I'm comfortable with that.  

The casino is deceptively large.  I was with my wife, and when we gamble together we play slots.  Most of the slots here are the kind that cost a lot of pennies and have about twenty-five odd characters on the screen.  Also,  there's a huge percentage of video poker machines.  We enjoy the games that have the diamonds and standard slot icons, oh, and also butterflies.  There were very few games that we played there, but we beat them pretty hard and didn't win.  Poker room looked nice, but I didn't go.  Best part of the casino was the cocktail service - adequately staffed with hard-working friendly waitresses who kept them coming.  

The hotel was okay.  Front desk staff was outstanding, friendly, and competent.  We had a comp room and upgraded it online to a deluxe room.  It looked nice but instead of a king bed we had what I assumed was two queens.  It wasn't until I fell into bed with my wife that I realized they were double beds.  So for an extra $20 a night, I got a half a bed.  (Not complaining, Honey)  Other important room amenities passed the test. There were two vanity areas in the bathroom, on opposite sides of the room, so you can stare at your roommate's back side through the mirror while you're brushing your teeth.  Shower head and water pressure were good (important to me).  Toilet had a hydraulic power-flush (TMI?).  

Restaurants.  We had two breakfasts at the buffet.  Buffet is incredibly inexpensive and certainly a daily stop for many locals.  Breakfast was very adequate and comparable to more expensive alternatives.  We had one dinner at the Italian restaurant, and I thought it was great.  The waiter was cool, knowledgable about his wines and the menu.  Food and wine were excellent and relatively inexpensive.  I would eat there again, but I probably won't stay there again soon, so I guess I won't eat there again.  

The pool.  This was kind of weird.  They have a huge pool with a very intricate design, like a big fish.  Couple of negatives here, however.  The pool isn't heated, and there is no jacuzzi/whirlpool.  Bummer. They have a bar set up in a palapa, and the drinks were inexpensive and the bartender was very customer friendly.  

Overall, the Sunset Station is pretty good.  It's not really a fun place, but it is an inexpensive place to eat, drink, and sleep.  I may give it another go in about, say, ten years.
I'm rating this a three star for my overall experience with this casino in general. The first time I've ever been here was just for the buffet. The BF said he's come here since a child with his family and they had the "best" buffet. EH, yea, I'm sure it was back in the days!! It was mediocre. The reason why I'm giving it a three star instead of a one or two is because they had these two amazing ladies who helped us sign up for their rewards program. They were so attentive yet not pushy like the other "younger" strip casino waitresses. 

Besides all of the above, I would not stay at this hotel again. I only stayed in Vegas for one night, it was cheap, but saving the extra $40 wasn't worth it. The bed was HARD, the room service and front desk people were not friendly whatsoever. I mean, what happened to those two ladies a year ago?! They also never explained what the room charges were. There were two different taxes, the $14.99 amenity charge which were DID NOT use - asked them if they could waive it because their WIFI didn't even work!! it was SLOWER THAN A SNAIL..... 

OH their shower head leaks and sprays water EVERYWHERE and if you didn't know what the hell to do, you're basically SOL (you had to turn the shower head left and right so stop the spraying. As for LADIES, beware, they have the worse lighting to do make up - it's a incandescent light which makes it yellow, but it was the worse one ever to where, you couldn't even tell if your foundation/powder blended well, so that was a total bummer to go out without knowing if my make up was ok or not. 

The only reason why we really take this 20 min drive out this way, is because we like the outside environment. It makes it feel like you're home because the grocery store, CVS, local restaurants are all down the same street. Beats spending a fortune for one meal. 

Although, I wish they had a microwave/fridge in their deluxe rooms. EH, like I mentioned before, this was a BUST. Will not stay here again..AND I change my mind, it's now a 2 instead of a 3. That's how sad I am about this place. Such a disappointment.
Yes I am still a fan.
Sitting in my room right now and learned that if you care to have quiet DO NOT LET THEM GIVE YOU A ROOM WITH A CONNECTING DOOR,,,, EEEE GADS.
Its a vegas casino, there is really nothing special, it has a movie theater, some average casino food and an average vegas hotel.
Buffet only review.   Horrible food.  Really dreadful.  It gets 2 stars because the place was acceptably clean, and it was cheap.  The casino is similar to other Station casinos around town, but parking and way finding here is not quite as good as Fiesta or Texas Stations, which are similarly suburban locations.
I came here with my marching band like my school's MB does every year they go to Vegas and I loved it! The food at the buffet was excellent! Even the other fast food places downstairs were great! There's even a movie theater and an arcade, it was great when we didn't have anything to do. The rooms are nice for the pricing! Would rather stay here than anywhere in Vegas (on my budget haha)
And the parking lot was huge and empty! We made a fake football field out there and rehearsed out field show.  I really liked staying here and I'm coming back with my family!
i tell my staff you can't be number one if you treat your customers like number two. (that is number two as in poop). well sunset station definitively treated a bunch of us like number two last week.

i am very disappointed to make this update to my previous review but the events of last weekend and this week have prompted me. my daughter was married last weekend and we decided to have everyone stay at sunset, even mom and i spent four nights there (so we would be close to friends and family and didn't have to do extra driving.) we booked about 12 rooms and for that they upgraded my daughter and husband to a suite...well actually a jr suite which is really a regular room with a couch instead of a desk.  edc was going on and the hotel was sold out so for the rooms we rented and everything else we did at their property they gave us $2 off per room and a $35 upgrade to my daughter, big deal. their motto everywhere is "we love locals." are you like me, can you just feel the love here with the $2 discount? you know....seriously, i tipped the room cleaning staff more than that. you know i accepted that going in but i guess the the frustration came from the past five days getting the bills correct (was surprisingly hard to get the $2 that was promised) there were a few other issues on the bill but it was way more work than it should have been to get corrected. along the way i even got a "sorry that's not my job" email from one of the staff. 

okay from the beginning i felt that $2 off per room and a $35 upgrade to a jr suite (not a real suite) for my daughter was a little cheap of them when we were renting a dozen rooms and staying on property. maybe i am wrong but i don't think the edc crowd does a lot of gaming, i know our group did, as well as eat and drink on property. (i think the bill at hooters alone was between $500 and $1000) the treatment i received was certainly not indicative of an organization that really does love locals. ever feel like a chump for recommending someone or something then they treat you like crap? yeah, well that is me right now.

i will say that when i escalated the bill issue to the gm it did get handled immediately and for my inconvenience they offered my daughter a two night stay with free buffets....yeah right..NOT, my time working through their errors and screw ups is worth nothing to them. they love locals....bull crap. that is just someones brain child in marketing that looks good on all the signs and makes everyone feel good while they take your money. 

I am really ticked off about this for a couple reasons, first is well obvious...they tried to screw us over and made us feel like more of a hassle than a valued guest. but the main reason i am ticked off is that i really like this property. it is nice open clean, modern and fun. it is sometimes tough to find a "good" blackjack table but i have met with a fair amount of success. their buffet is a great deal with surprisingly good food. they have ben&jerrys, hooters, fat burger, bowling, lots of stuff. we have in the past recommended them to friends and family who come to town looking for something accessible to the strip but quieter. it is an easy trip from sunset to the strip via freeways. i am not sure if i will continue to recommend them. i dropped my rating from four to two just because of the treatment we received.


previous review: Nice place off the strip....way off the strip. Nice rooms, go for a suite if you can. Lots of stuff to do if you don't want to gamble, they have a bowling alley and theater. (even an imax but not sure if it is a real imax.) Short walk across the street to shopping. And for the adventurous, a long walk down the street to Costco. They have a nice food court area plus Fat Burger, Ben & Jerrys and Hooters.

Have had good luck at blackjack here but i think you need to start a fire to get cocktail service. But when you are winning it is not so bad when you have to wonder over to a bar and purchase a brew.
This is an average Las Vegas locals casino in the Southeast part of the city. It's one of Station Casinos "mid-tier" properties, with more upscale decor than the Henderson Fiesta location, but it's not as nice as Green Valley Ranch. This is a good thing if you want a slightly upscale experience yet don't want to pay out the nose for it. 

Many of the restaurants, the buffet and amenities are reviewed individually on Yelp so I'll skip over them with this review. If I don't want to drive to Fremont Street but want to play some slots, this is a comfortable place to go. Service is attentive, they have a wide variety of slots including some new stuff I saw at the Global Gaming Expo that they rolled out fast. I haven't played table games here so I can't touch on them. Overall, it's just a good place to go in and chill out for an hour playing slots and having fun.
Regarding THE BUFFET, I was impressed with it when I was there in November, therefore I made it a point to return. Boy, do I regret it. It was totally disappointing. The staff was not friendly, they actually had attitude...the food was horrible, and the presentation was horrible. It was sloppy and dirty. I spoke to a manager and complained about the guy at the carving station. When he finally decided to return to his station (from the back) he didnt utter a word and helped the lady behind me, when I was first in line. All of their attitudes suck, and they act as if they hate their jobs. NEWS FLASH: TO ALL BUFFET EMPLOYEES WORKING THE LINE...If customers like us dont frequent the buffet, you wouldnt have a job!!  something to think about! The only nice person I came across was Ray behind the dessert bar, he was friendly, and actually enjoyed his job. Ray you can do better than that, find another hotel/casino that will appreciate you!
I'm pretty easygoing about hotels & hotel charges. I read the fine print. Yes, their rates are awesome & yes there was a 'resort' fee, still pretty decent pricing.

Our stay here was pretty awesome. If you didn't want to leave the casino, you didn't have to. It was CLEAN (big points for that!) and the casino didn't smell that bad of smoke. 

Hungry? So many restaurants to try. Most notably the Oyster Bar where I had the best cioppino of my life. Thirsty? Margarita specials in the middle bar for $2. I jumped on that.

Back to the room itself, it was a king sized comfy bed, pretty spacious and had a view of the desertous mountains. It was clean and I have no complaints at all about the room itself.

One of the main things for staying in Henderson was to be close to the Hoover Dam and all the shopping. I'd come back here in a heartbeat!
Cool Spot for gambling and family night out. Bowling, Movies etc
The casino is pretty small and in some places really smokey.  The air system doesn't seem to push the smoke very well.  There were some places that was hot and other areas where you would freeze your a$$ off.  The dealers on the tablle I didn't like very much.  They saw that I was a platinum boarding pass holder but asked me where I play.  I usually go to Green Valley Ranch and they kept making comments of me finally getting smart and playing at Sunset.  Not very professional when it's a sister property.  Joking I get it but to say it over and over again for the 20 mins I decided to stay at the table was very irritating.  I finally took my money and left.  I don't plan on doing any gaming here in the future and will come back for bowling only.  The amenities the hotel provides is a plus however.  They have a kids area where you can drop off for a few hours, movies, bowling, etc.  That's the only reason I gave this hotel the 3rd star.
My guy and I stayed here last Thursday night on our way to the Laughlin River Run.  I was impressed with how clean and fresh smelling it was.  Our room was very nice.  It looked as if it had been recently decorated.  Beautiful tile on the bathroom floors etc.  We had a great meal at the Oyster Bar (already reviewed on Sunday).

My only issue was with the price we paid.  I booked on line.  It said the rooms were $38.  By the time I paid, it was $50.03.  I was expecting this as I am familiar with hotel room tax fees etc.  And our room was certainly worth fifty bucks.  The problem for me arose when we checked in.  I am not familiar with resort fees as I don't normally stay at hotels here in Vegas as I live here.  We were told we had to pay a $15 (plus tax) amenity fee.  Seems to me we should have been told about this fee when we booked our room.  Now I'm not saying the room wasn't worth $65.  It was.  I just felt bilked.  The amenity fee covered local and long distance phone calls (I have my cell phone with me, thank you very much) and in room internet (didn't bring my lap top) and children under 10 can go bowling for $1 (didn't have any kids with me, they won't fit on our Harley) and VIP passes to the Feast Buffet (sorry, I ate at the Oyster Bar) and unlimited use of the fitness center (now I might have brought work out clothes IF I HAD BEEN INFORMED OF THIS IN ADVANCE) and a copy of the Review Journal as long as it wasn't Sunday.  The only thing I used of the mandatory amenity package was the newspaper.  I actually get home delivery of the paper so I knew one would be waiting for me at home but I figured I should at least get something for my $15 plus tax!  But a $15 newspaper?  That's a little steep.
GREAT PRICE, BUT SMOKE FROM OTHER ROOMS WAS COMING INTO OUR NON-SMOKING ROOM.

SMOKE IN OUR ROOM:
The room, the hotel, and the amenities were all very very nice but a huge problem was that even though we requested and got a non smoking room, there were times (most of the time) that we could definitely smell smoke in our room due to it coming through the ventilation. I really don't mind smelling some smoke once in awhile in public places where it is appropriate, like outdoors where it is mixed with a little fresh air, but the air was smokey so much of the time that we were still smelling smoke even when we were not inside the hotel or even near smoke. This was a major thumbs down since this hotel is also a casino and everywhere else in the hotel was constantly filled with smoke, so our room was really the only place we could get away from the smoke while we were inside the hotel- yet it really wasn't.

_______________________________________


RESTAURANTS / FOOD:
Also, even though some of the places to eat in the hotel were non-smoking, they shared the same space as the casino and were also constantly filled with smoke - like I said, don't mind smelling some smoke outside, but these restaurants had no outside seating, which made it very difficult to enjoy the food. At the buffet some of the food was good, however some of it was just downright awful - and I am not at all picky. Unfortunately the bad tasting food stays in mind more than the food that was good.

_______________________________________


IN GENERAL:
Great amenities; really fun huge bowling alley, nice outside pool, lots of restaurant choices, movie theater in hotel, and literally right across the street from shopping mall. The price of the room was exceptional and the service was also excellent, except they didn't offer to do anything or compensate us in any way for the smoke being in our non smoking room - Is this the price you have to pay for getting an inexpensive room? It shouldn't be. We actually decided to come home a day early because we were tired of smelling smoke all the time.


_____________________________________________
_____________________________________________


MY RATINGS ON TRAVELOCITY:

Value for Money: I would have marked 5 out of 5 except that I don't think getting a good deal on the room is an excuse for having to tolerate smoke in a non-smoking room.

Staff & Service: were excellent overall and I would have marked 5 out of 5 if they would have offered to do something to compensate for the smoke in our room as well as if the food at the buffet had tasted better.

Room Quality: The room was very nice for a 3 star hotel, in fact nicer than expected - more like a 4 star hotel room. If it weren't for the smoke in our room, I would have marked 4 out of 5.

Cleanliness: Also would have marked 5 out of 5 if we didn't have to deal with the smoke in our room and the buffet. Because cleanliness also refers to air cleanliness - other than that, the hotel was spotless the whole time we were there.

PROS: Wi-Fi, friendly staff, great amenities, close restaurants, exceptional rate, pet friendly.

CONS: smoke in our non-smoking room, smoke in the buffet, and there is a resort fee/amenities fee that is charged per night.
Stayed here for Punk Rock Bowling a few years back and, as nice as it was to have everything in one location, I'm really glad that the PRB location was never Sunset Station again.

Startings when we were checking in, the staff was kind of rude. We had booked 4 rooms with two double beds and two of those rooms ended up just having one King in it... for four people. When we expressed confusion as to why we weren't getting what we had reserved, the woman checking us in was very brusque and uninterested in resolving our issues. We also had security staring down every punk walking towards the poker tournament that first night. I think a LOT of people complained because the disdain was much more subtle for the rest of the weekend.

Next, the elevator situation. There were four elevators. Four. For the whole tower. They were located right inside the exit to the festival. They were broken. A lot. 

I don't really remember any other specifics but I know I didn't care for the place.
I've stayed here several times and I really enjoy this Station Casino. My most recent stay was this past Sunday - 6/17/2012.  The restaurants are good and there is plenty of room in this casino. I agree with the other reviewers that the resort fee is a sham and they should either put into their room cost or tell you up front. I received offers for a "free room" only to be charged for things I didn't use.

Over the years I have had only one poor experience. I bought a soda on the 8th floor of the casino on my way to the pool. The people monitoring the pool refused to allow me to bring my soda into the pool area. I thought that this was a ridiculous policy and went to the front desk. The hotel manager confirmed that I would not be allowed to bring in the soda. He gave me $2 and said I would have to buy my soda from the machine at the pool. Huh? Of course the machine at the pool wouldn't take the dollars the manager had given me. However, I wasn't walking down to the front desk to complain about that.  I was also provided the number of the General Manager whom I could not reach and he did not return my call.

I understand not letting people bring their own alcohol into a pool area. Resorts need to make a buck too and it keeps the rowdies out. This was a diet freakin pepsi! bought from your hotel. Totally idiotic policy. With the people in charge of this casino making policies like that you wonder. Remember when the customer is always right was the norm. Not here at the Sunset.
Sneaky "hotel amenity fee" of 14.95 which I actually think is a good deal, but it's only when you check-in that it's communicated in the room key folder.  Furthermore, asked three times regarding internet and was told it's free.  If you pay for something, it's not free.  So, was charged another 9.99  for additional device.  Questionable business practices, but then again, what would you expect from a casino.  Definitely not returning to sunset.  Texas station was my long time favorite, but if they play the same game, not taking my business to any station casinos.
i love it here. Came to get dinner, gamble, and watch a movie
I will return
(My fiancee and I stayed here 3 1/2 weeks ago. I'm just going to be brief and go over the pros and cons of the place because it was nice, but not "great"; we'll probably stay here again if we can't find a better option-)

Cons:

1.The Weather: 

Be warned! Vegas is a *desert*: We went in May thinking it's be cool-ish and mild-ish: It wasn't!! It was very muggy (It rained) and very, very windy-felt like the inside of a hairdryer every time we went outside; the hot, high winds (Gusts up to 60+ mph) made "walking the strip" very unenjoyable. Our bad and we'll more than likely not go there between the months of May-August next time, but still; I hate being cramped up inside! :/

2. Our Trip (Cut Short due to the Weather): 2 stars off

My fiancee and I were booked here for 4 days but ended up leaving a day early due to inclement weather. I know it's not fair of me to take a couple of stars off, but we had really been looking forward to relaxing poolside and getting a cabana each day, only to find the pool open only 1 day out of what would've been 4: Blah. :/

3. The Weird WIFI and "Fine Print Resort Fee" Charges: 1 star off

Additionally, they have this Game that they play where they "say" you get "Free WIFI" in your Room but you're charged the fee for it and it's "taken" out of your Resort Fee at the end...something like a charge-back it was explained to us..Yeah, okay, sure sounds shady...BUT I want to clearly state that after looking over our statement after our Trip, we were charged-back the WIFI fees..but we had this nagging, in-the-background-uncomfortable, "will they charge it back or not" feeling, which put a small damper on our enjoyment. I also think that they should've been way, way more "upfront" about the Resort Fee vs. making it a "fine print" item that you kind've..discover upon checking in. :/

Pros:

1. The Oyster Bar: Pretty decent, I've had better, but not bad for Vegas.

2. No nasty smoke smell

3. Clean, quite rooms (Albeit slightly worn down)

All in all, my fiancee adores this Casino and wants to stay here again. Me, not so much; there's plenty of other places to stay that I'd like to check out...
Not the encore, but I like this place.  Plus I usually win, always a plus
We flew to Vegas on September 7 to attend the Gary Allan concert being held at Sunset Station.  I reserved a King Suite, spending approximately $675 for two nights using their prepay option which offers a discount.  

Upon arrival I was asked if I had reserved a smoking room.  I had no idea that smoking rooms in hotels still existed and I told Ms. Irwin, the desk clerk, that I didn't want a smoking room.  Our "king suite" turned out to be Room 223, the hospitality suite located on the second floor near the meeting rooms.  For $675 we had a view of a wall on one side and the employee smoking area below the bedroom window.  

While the room was spacious, the housekeeping was suspect.  Upon running a clean tissue over the floor I must have picked up hair and lint from the past year.  

The employee smoking area below the window was somewhat noisy at night.  The casino being a 24-hour operation, there was always someone out there and I don't think they knew how well their voices carried. 

Upon checking out, I presented Ms. Irwin with the aforementioned tissue in a plastic bag and a list of things that just didn't seem right.  She said that I had stated I had wanted a nonsmoking king suite, implying it was my choice to take this second floor room.  I told her that I didn't think that room was often used for overnight guests, but received only minimal upkeep for hospitality functions.  She said that they could contact housekeeping and tell them they weren't cleaning well enough.  But she was clearly not going to do anything for me.  

I think Ms. Irwin should have immediately contacted the manager.  I was somewhat frustrated and just walked out since there was a line of people behind me wanting to check out.  I somewhat expected a phone call within a couple of days of checking out, but I think "quick in / quick out" is the method of operation at many of these casinos.  Databases and frequent player cards have taken the place of customer service. 

Needless to say, this wasn't value for the money -- you can get a fairly nice room on the strip for $675 a weekend.  A clean room.  With a view.  Without a smoking area directly below your window.  But the Gary Allan concert was terrific and we learned an important lesson.
nice decent hotel, haven't stayed here but played the games, ate at the buffet and watched a movie here!!
Far from the crowds on the strip or downtown. This casino/resort caters to locals in a good way. The buffet is tops. I've stayed here several times while in LV. I love the look and feel of the casino floor, very chill and relaxed. The room are fabulous and well worth the rates, which BTW, are some of the best in the valley. My only downside with the rooms are there are no safes. But at the hotel desk they offer free safety deposit boxes. Problem solved.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this hotel - I stay here everytime I'm in Vegas. SUPER NICE rooms, SUPER CHEAP deals online. I don't gamble tho, so I can't speak to that - but for a GREAT deal on a place to stay THIS IS IT
This is a nice place to win some pocket change. Get some snacks and even get a cool room to stay over night. I love the slots! And the poker room :)
Can't complain, $4.99 for a breakfast buffet. I feel like I'm back in the 80's, yes I'm that old. I remember breakfast buffets that cheap. Food was mediocre, c'mon it's a buffet, what do you expect. I'm not a buffet person, but  for $5 why not. Good thing is that a mimosa was only $3, score
I do a lot of traveling for work and pleasure.  This hotel is the least customer service friendly place I have ever stayed in!  I will make sure that my company and friends find a better place to stay whenever visiting Vegas.  Please tell your employees they are not actually doing the guest any favors.  If guest stop coming here they (your employees) will be out of a job!  The front desk staff is especially horrible & that's your first experience!  Trust me it doesn't get any better.  There are other nicer, up to date inexpensive hotels to stay at in Vegas.  If you want a good experience DO NOT stay here!
My new favorite off the strip casino. Has it all, good food, bowling, movies...
I dont think 3.5 stars is very fair. This is a favorite local casino, and one star reviews seem to bewritten by disgruntled out of towners who dont understand how vegas works. Yes, we have smoking hotel rooms. This is not california.  You stay off-strip for cheap, so dont expect strip amenities. Still, service is always great, sonoma cellar and oyster bar are excellent dining experiences, theres a movie theater and bowling alley, i often win at least something at poker, and, most importantly, theres a KIDS QUEST thatll babysit the rugrats while the adults go get some time to themselves. Yes, ive stayed at the hotel. No, its not ceasars palace. But its not motel 6 either and Ive gotno complaints.
A good friend lives in Vegas and decided to take me here when I was visiting.  I was honestly a little annoyed that it was a 20-30 minute drive from my hotel but upon arrival I was happy she made me go!  As far as casino's go there's about a million and one of them in Nevada, right?  There really isn't anything that stands out about this one over others, except that it's not jam packed with people.  We ended up going 2 different times on my short trip.  The point system by using a member card seems to accumulate quickly, we both ate 2 meals there without paying a dime, all points! 

I didn't stay here so I don't know what the rooms are like.  If it wasn't so far from the happenings of Fremont or the strip I would check it out though. 

I can see why the locals would like this place, we spent several hours here and I'd do it again!
I've always been a fan of Station Casinos. The Sunset Station is is spacious, clean, and has a nice Sports Book.  I didn't drop a single dime here, but based on what I witnessed I recommend if you're in the area.  Parking is also abundant.  

Reason I give this place 4 stars is because this is exactly the type of casino that my parents love to play at.  My parents swear that they win at Station Casinos or local type casinos.  When they're happy, then I'm happy.  When they visit, I will probably take them here.  Also located across the street from Yummy Sushi and in the same parking side as Thelma's.  Can't miss with those two restaurants nearby.
Terrible I will never ever stay here again there is no way to keep my baby milk cold nor warm it up and the people working here could care less about it had to switch rooms because there was cigarets ash on the floor the switched up to the wrong room and was to tired to switch to a third room so spent the whole time here uncomfortable there was also porn on the floor ugh

Terrible I will never ever stay here again there is no way to keep my baby milk cold nor warm it up and the people working here could care less about it had to switch rooms because there was cigarets ash on the floor the switched up to the wrong room and was to tired to switch to a third room so spent the whole time here uncomfortable there was also porn on the floor ugh
One would think that there are only casinos on the Las Vegas Strip or Old Downtown Las Vegas. Guess again!!!!

There are several casinos outside these areas, but they aren't as "spectacular" in the typical "LV scene" as one might think. So all in all - not much to expect from here other than the gambling.

What has gotten worse about the casino is that it has gotten a bit "cheese-y" with the decor. It has no theme. In addition, the ventilation has gotten worse and you know how you walk into a Korean BBQ and smell like that after you've eaten there? Well once you walk through this casino for a good 5-10 minutes, your clothes will possibly smell like you've smoked a pack. Just sayin'.....................

**CONFESSION**
I'm not much of a gambler. I'm even scared of loosing $1 on a slot machine! I always feel that if I'm going to spend $, I should benefit in some type of rewards wether it is in a form of retail therapy or indulging in meals. So I cannot attest to the casino level of Sunset Station nor the Hotel since I didn't stay here either. But I would imagine it would be a lot cheaper since you're not staying on the strip. You'd just pay for the commute. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
So why am I writing a review about this place if I didn't spend the night here nor contribute any losses on the slot machines?

It's because if I'm in the area (Henderson) and visiting my grandmother, we would watch movies at their Regal Theaters. I can remember watching movies here since I was in elementary school. Yes the place is a bit dim, carpet sucks, bathroom needs an upgrade, but for some things that they have improved upon are the seats in the theaters and the screens. 

Overall, you won't get the razzle-dazzle-ness from the typical casino, but you can watch a movie here in peace and serenity. Just be cautious you'll smell like cigarettes after you've watched a movie........
Went here for bowling.  I thought they had plenty of lanes, the service was good and they accomodated a pretty large group of 20 people fairly easily.  We ordered pizza and drinks which was of average quality but about what I would expect from a bowling alley.  It's not as nice as some newer lanes in the Vegas valley but it's convenient and usually not as packed as some of the other lanes.
1st time staying at Sunset Station despite visiting it many times over the years - family in the area. OK room but noisy adjacent room plumbing kept us awake all night -bit like staying in a cheap motel.
Beware the Resort Amenity Fee aka hidden tax
Doesnt matter if you use any "amenities" or not - the "fee "( $17 per day! ) is always added making a marginal value very much less so.
Station Casinos must be feeling the pinch as their other more upscale properties (Green Valley Ranch and Red Rock ) have also instituted tricky "fees" , reduced service and lower payouts.
We "Love Locals" too - we dont love being ripped off so this was definitely a first time last time stay.
This was my first time here.  We chose it because it was the cheapest reputable hotel on a last minute trip. WOW!  this was perfect.  Clean and large enough for the family.  We have kids so we can be kind of picky.  We will for sure be back.

Even though this place is off the strip, it was nice because it is close to everything you need.  We found little ceasers, walmart, target and filled up gas at the costco. all within just a mile or two.

My family felt safe with the security guards at the hotel elevators. I would highly recommend Sunset Station to anyone.
So not impressed!  Had to stay here because everywhere else in town was booked for the CES and the Miss America Pageant.  Big disappointment.....small rooms, casino was way smokier than most.  There were no deals at any of the cocktail lounges.  In fact, it was a sport just trying to get the attention of one of the so-called bartenders.  No personality at all.   Not one of them!  I did like the fact that you had to insert your room key into the elevator to get to your floor, because the place was crawling with vagrants, and I made sure there was nobody getting on the elevator with me.  Not in that bad of an area, but I still didn't feel all that safe.  The one and only saving grace was the Pasta Cucina restaurant.  Awesome food, service a little slow, but worth the wait.  And reasonable.
I haven't been to Sunset Station in years.  I went to a concert there last night and I took the opportunity to walk around and see what it  looked like again.

The aisles are wide, navigating the place is easy, and it's not nearly as large as I remembered it to be.  

Bathrooms are convenient to the Club Madrid area as were bars--although outside drinks weren't allowed in the club. 

Tip for Yelpers:  I parked in the back near the bowling alley entrance and I found places close to the door.  It was an area that made leaving the property after the concert and easy and quick one.  In no time I was back on Stephanie and then on the 215 heading for Summerlin.
Found a clump of long black hair on the bathroom floor, then found a black pubic hair in bed along with a blood stain that was not fully washed out of the sheet.
I called to let the staff know about the problem at 2 pm and it was not fixed. After waiting an hour we finally just walked down to the front desk to let them know what was going on.
Then after being promised it would get fixed it wasn't. I had to physically take the sheet to the front desk at 11 pm, and at that time I was called a liar and told that I only wanted comped and I could have gotten that sheet anywhere.
I only wanted the bed fixed.
Finally someone showed up with a clean sheet and I made the bed myself.

Also, the property itself was dirty, toilet seats in casino bathrooms were rotting and staff unfriendly. Won't be returning or recommending.
I totally love Station Casinos!  Bowling alley, movie theater, and gambling all in one place.  What a concept! 

Sunset Station is in a great location surrounded by a ton of shopping so sometimes we find ourselves just stopping in.  

We came by with my folks who were visiting and my mother, who will only gamble on ONE type of slot machine lol, stopped an employee to asked if they had any of this machine.  She went out of her way to walk my mother to the other side of the casino to the slot machine she was looking for.  Knowing that I was a local (my mother told her) she asked if she could sign my parents up for their own Boarding Passes so that I could get credit for it under mine. She took each of their ID's, walked away for less than 5 minutes, and came back with their cards.  That was really nice and I got extra points for them signing up... 

The casino (and bathrooms) always seem clean, albeit a little smokey, so I knocked a star off for that.  But otherwise I really like visiting this place!
A fun place for  local hang out but the hotel does need some love in the hard goods area.
This is a Locals casino and I would definitely stop in if I was again in the neighborhood. Wouldn't be in a hurry to leave the strip for here though. Great gambling with alot variety in games but didn't seem too much like a party casino. 
They had automated Roulette machines with $3 buyin's 
They had Deal or No Deal Machines
Games were pretty affordable and had a decent payout. I mean you win more here than on the strip. 
Also the biggest draw to this casino was their Buffet. Really affordable at around $10 with good food. Better than Circus Circus I can tell you that.
What gets me is that $14.99 resort fee added to your daily bill. Why not just put it in the overall rate?  It is a shock when you think, wow, what a great room rate until you add this on along with taxes.  
I can get everything at another upscale hotel with breakfast for the same price or a little less!  
When I called to see if this could be waived, they said No! 
So if you don't need the casino and smoke..... There are some fantastic hotels waiting.
Sam Riddle brings country to Vegas!  We have seen him a couple times over the year and he always delivers a fun show.  I would say he has the charm of Kenny and the action pack show of Garth!  Look him up when you are in Vegas and I promise it will be a great show!
My grandma invited my friends and I to the buffet here after a long drive from LA. This place is pretty damn huge.

The buffet is impressive. They have different section of different types of food like Italian, American, International, etc. Not to mention the food was on point.

Definitely recommend this place.
I definately enjoy coming here having a few drinks and watching my husband do a little gambling.We enjoy coming here because its right down the street from us. It does seem like we have better odds here to win then on the strip and 100.00 goes a lot longer here. We have also tried a few restaurants in here and one place we love which I will.review on shortly.

Sunset Station is a wonferful and conveniently located!!!
This year we stayed at Sunset Station with relatives for 5 days, 4 nights.  We've been coming here for years and always enjoy the ambiance and the slot variety.  The rooms are aging a bit and we had trouble with getting hot water late at night.  They've improved their check in process from last visit and we were able to get into our room early without standing in long lines.

Prices for buffet meals are very cheap with $4.99 for breakfast and $9.99 for dinner.  You need a slot club card but it's only takes a few minutes to get one.  We even like the small taco stand next to the Mexican restaurant.  The buffet food is standard but choices are many and you won't go hungry.  I've never had a problem with excess smoke in the casino so I find that complaint puzzling.  I don't smoke so I notice things like that right away.  Of course sitting next to a bunch of smokers will do it but I move away and I'm fine.

There are some annoying features like the $14.99 "service charge".  You have to ask for a refrigerator, we have a diabetic, but it was taken care of immediately by housekeeping.  The Grand Cafe says it's open 24/7 but it isn't.  From 10pm to 6AM there isn't anyone there at all.  10PM seems a little early to close.  Starbucks closes at 10 also so if you want something have to get there early.  

The interior is very nice and spacious with high ceilings and a magnificent central bar designed by Gaudi with lots of beautiful stained glass.  If you walk all the way around and back to the hotel tower, it's a major trek.  Lots and lots of slot machines everywhere, bingo room, kid's quest area for the children, movies, fast food like Fatburger and Ben & Jerrys, and even a giant bowling alley.  We've enjoyed the oyster bar in the past.  Never have done the steakhouse  though.  You can earn points quickly here in the slot club.  This trip our room was comped all four days.  You are away from the strip if that bothers you.  It's a very short drive on 215 to anywhere on the strip by car and only 17 minutes to the airport.  I know cause I had to drive there a lot to pick up people and take them back.  And for you shopping fiends, there is a giant mall right across the street from the casino.

One side trip down Sunset Road east from the casino was to Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden.  It's FREE and has a giant chocolate gift shop, go figure, with any kind of chocolate you may want.  We have photographers in our group and they loved the garden too.  So it's worth a trip for you chocoholics.

The service isn't as good as say Harrahs in Temecula but we still love the place and the rooms are very reasonable for our out of state visitors.
Is this the swankiest place in Las Vegas? no, but it is a bit of a hidden gem. Great restaurants and a great location, not to mention a bowling ally and movie theatre. So it's a little dark, so the decor is a tad unusual. It is still worth checking out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Yes, there are people with mullets roaming the floors.

Yes, the average age is probably 70.

Yes, you are waaaayyy away from the strip.

But... where else am I going to get upgraded to a HUGE suite for $87? That's right, I said $87! I mean, the place was bigger than my apartment. It even had a jazuzzi! I should have moved in...

Upgrade aside...

- If you play in the various soccer tournaments held in Vegas / Henderson, this place is super convenient, like 5 minutes from the fields. 
- Nice family-friendly pool...with a bar, of course! 
- Penny slots. Try finding that at the Ballagio!
- Easy parking.
- 80's cover band (we didn't see them play, but a reliable source said they were good).
- Grand cafe is old school with cheap prices and decent service.

That is all. I'll take that upgrade again now...
It saddens me terribly right now to give such a low rating to this hotel, when the hotel was actually awesome. The rating is so low due to the customer service my friends and I received from the pit boss during Sunday morning (6/2/13) blackjack session. My softball team and I all stayed at Sunset Station for a softball tourney that we had about 10 miles away. The price was right and we had a teammate who was a high roller at this casino. The food and service the restaurant was great, and the customer service in the gift shop was excellent as well. The problem arrived when 3 friends and I sat down early Sunday morning, money and drink in our hands to play $5 blackjack. The dealers Nana and Leissle were happy to have a change of pace and to play with 4 girls excited and eager not only to tip but to celebrate our winnings together. The cocktail waitresses also enjoyed our company. We sat at this table
For at least 3 hours while the pit boss Ralph continued to tell us we were too loud?!?!!?! As the 4th hour approached us, my friend and I hit a 3rd blackjack in a row betting a $25 hand and we all screamed in excitement. The PitBoss Ralph- then decided to kick myself and my friend out for being too loud! When I asked for a manager, they brought over a large security guard named Mark to escort us out. As we tried to reason with them, I kindly and cooperatively asked to speak with a manager. They denied me the rights to speak with a manager then Mark put his hands on me and told me he would call the cops. I then asked to speak to his manager. After two more security guards came over and our friends were in tears and we had all been denied the right to speak to a manager they denied us yet again and asked us  to fill out a comment card! Even one of the cocktail waitresses walked over to explain to the security guard that we were doing nothing wrong. The security guards then warned us they had called the police and they were on their way. We exited the casino immediately after that. I will never stay here again, nor will my team or anyone I know. I will be calling to speak with a manager and because I left my name and number I am expecting ad waiting for someone to call me!!! Worst customer service and Las Vegas and overall casino experience I have ever had. Be aware and do not stay there. The rooms are cheap, but at what cost!!! You have no rights, and no respect!!!!!
We had dinner buffet here and it was excellent, lots of international dishes and all sorts of delicious dessert.  The price is excellent for the taste of the food.  By the way there is also a regal theatre inside the casino.
this is the worst casino i have ever been to in neveda, i was there on 6/4 1:30 pm playing craps after losing more than $65,000 i was very upset so i went to the bar to get intoxicated and ended up being kicked out, the security guards rushed me like abunch of ninjas and were very rude. they wouldnt even let me finish my beer
I loved this place. The bed was comfortable. The room was clean.  It would be a great place to bring a family. It's nice being outside of Vegas and close to Lake Mead. 
We had the best breakfast and coffee at the Sunset Grill. We had all of our meals there and everything was great. 
We also had great luck with the slots. My husband did great our first night and I did great our last night. 
The negatives:
Good luck getting help with your luggage
The parking is out in the open, hopefully patrolled
The walk from the casino to the room elevators is the longest I've ever seen
No coffee station in the rooms
No safety rail in the showers
I never could connect with the free wi fi
It's geared towards and older crowd or a "family friendly casino"  there is a bowling alley and a food court and a children's play area. It's like a corner of its a mall and the other end cheap dining plus casino.it was okay I probably won't go back again.
My favourite of the Station casinos. Room was nice and tight  with a 42" flat screen. Pricey resort fee, but paid 33/night. The pool looks as if it was recently renovated. No ghetto gangster people hanging around. Another great thing about this place is the location to Wal Mart and the mall across the street.
Best place to gamble if you're going to gamble at the blackjack tables because everybody is in a group usually and they do not want you to screw up their hands so they will help you so they all win at the table and so you win..  best hamburger joint is here an unbeatable prices compared to the country I used to come here just for the hamburgers the best
Well, it has been a very long time since I posted any reviews and we have been back to Las Vegas many times since my last one, so I have intentions of catching up!

We found Sunset Station in our constant quest for good video poker.  I had a hell of a run here, a winning streak to end all winning streaks.  We thought the place was beautiful, the casino clean and cocktail service was great.  There are good food options and we had a damn fine time.

So we decided to stay there the next time we came to Las Vegas.  This is where it gets somewhat interesting.  Of course after my huge winning streak, we were offered a free stay.  So we book it and head out.  $20 at the desk got us into a suite.  Awesome, yes?!  Not so much.  Well, it was clean.  And HUGE.  I have had smaller apartments.  MUCH smaller apartments.  But it all seemed just a little dated, except the master bath, which was huge and totally decked out.  It was nice, don't get me wrong, it was just short on windows and short on that cool hotel feeling.  Also, like many Station casinos, there were a lot of kids.  Boooooo
But what wrecked the stay was the fact that the good video poker was GONE.  As in machines GONE.  We were so disappointed that we barely spent any time in the casino, opting instead to tour every single casino in a five mile radius.  Review of THOSE  will follow, for those who are interested.

So here's the takeaway:  the place is nice.  We love to split our stay between the strip and an outlying hotel and Sunset Station seemed like a great place to do that.  We will check back on the whole video poker situation because that is, after all, one of the big reasons we are in Las Vegas to begin with.  So if it returns, we will give the place another chance.
Never stayed off the strip cause I didn't want to stay in a rundown smoke filled room.  This place was great.  Big enough hotel that you can do a lot of different things.  Got coupon book booking through Expedia.  Rooms were clean and nice.  Staff was helpful and my room did not smell like smoke. Id stay here again.
bowling alley,movie theater(w/imax),nice bars and restaurants. Fatburger in the food court,slots that actually pay out! I may stay on the strip but I start my Vegas trips with a couple of nights here when in town for supercross or monster energy cup! Also i can see my vehicle from my room and security is always patrolling also.
I'm going to get straight to the point. This is one of my favorite station casinos. I've won nice sums numerous times on the slots and today was my first time playing a sport's wager. It's a very welcoming casino and definitely has the local feel to it. I also love the Feast Buffet's Sunday Champagne Brunch! But I'll leave that part to another review. The only reason I am giving this casino 4 stars is because it lacks some of the bells and whistles that the Strip casino's have to offer. But hey if you're a local you should love it! Peace.
If you're tired of the strip hotel/casinos and don't mind extremely poor air quality, slow service, staff who just go through the motions, dated/dirty hotel rooms, and cheap (cost and quality) buffets, this is the place for you! 

Station, the Walmart of the hotel/casino world strikes again with this yawner of a property.  Watch the kiddies well in the pool, since the lifeguard will abandon his station to schlep booze and towels and food to the cabanas whenever summoned by the wait staff.  Don't bother informing the front desk your non-smoking room reeks of cigarette smoke -- your next one will too, and oh by the way, all rooms are centrally ventilated from the 4th floor, which happens to be ... wait for it ... THE FLOOR WITH THE SMOKING ROOMS ... gotta love it.

For the price, amenities, staff, food quality, etc., there are better experiences and better bargains with other name-brand hotel/casinos.

Anyway, enjoy your Station experience *cough cough*
Haven't had a chance to check the rooms out here yet, but everything else is awesome!

Huge, winding casino with great payouts.

The on-site Hooters restaurant is excellent, easy on the eyes, and seems to be a step above the mainstreams.

The bowling center is huge, is open 24 hours a day, and has some great specials running after midnight.

The location is great - directly across from a huge mall and shopping center, with lots of restaurants and big-box stores in the mix.

Definitely recommend.
THIS IS MY NEIGHBORHOOD CASINO

I do remember when this hotel & casino first opened and I couldn't get enough of the interior with its romantic colonial Spanish design integrated with the mimicking of Spain's infamous son and artist Gaudi. Built way before Green Valley Resort Hotel & Casino, this was a Station Casino Group statement that locals' casinos can be more than just a storefront of slot joints. Included are restaurants (unfortunately none are my favorites), theaters, bowling alley and a complete array of gambling facilities to essentially satisfy the die hards.

Even after all these years, I'm still awed by the terracotta and Spanish tiled flooring and interior structural facades, stained glass windows and the overall openness. 

Yu-go chauffeur drops in to watch his favorite professional sports team while I try my favorite slots. Fun is when I find my husband watching his game and I'm showing off that made a few extra bucks to boot.  LoL
Love their bartenders; Brenda and Sosa. I used to go here every Friday to gamble a little and drink but they added different bands to the bar over by Starbucks and I do not enjoy any of them. (I gave it a couple tries before changing bars.) They have the casino music and the band playing at the same time. And honestly, I would prefer the casino pop/rock music. The live band is annoying, when they leave I'll come back. Sorry.
Great locals casino and the buffet is fantastic and well priced
Sunset Station is located near Sunset and the 95 which makes access quick and convenient.   This is an ideal place for locals to eat and gamble.  If tourist knew about this place the strip would be in trouble.

https://sunsetstation.sclv.com

It has a great selection of slot machines and all kinds of video poker as well as all the normal table games.   Nothing is bad about this casino but there are two things that set this place apart from other casinos.   

The buffet not only has an outstanding price and great food but it has outstanding employees.  I couldn't recommend it higher especially during the mornings when John is in charge.  It is amazing to me how all the help is smiling and working together to make sure everyone is satisfied.  

https://sunsetstation.sclv.com/Dining/Feast-Buffet.aspx

Also the sports book is one of the best that I have been in.  The employees are very helpful and knowledgeable.  It doesn't matter what you want to bet on horses, football, baseball etc. they have it all.  The director Chuck and manager Brian are always available and willing to help in any way.

https://www.sportsconnection.com

 I'm sorry I can't rate them higher than 5 stars.
Everything seems great except you have to pay for internet which I think is really stupid. I would rather stay at a hotel without a casino than stay here.
Stayed here for a 3 day weekend baseball tournament with my sons team. Check in was fairly stress free process. Getting our stuff to the room was little hassle as the hotel is a walk from the front desk. However if you park next to the hotel entrance, there's no ramp to roll your luggage. You have to present your key to the security guard to enter the hotel & use the key to activate t he elevators. The room was decent, a little outdated & stale smelling. Housekeeping was awesome thought kept the room stocked & clean.  This hit is super kid friendly. Bowling alley had glow in the dark bowling on the weekends & the kids loved it. Movie theatre was over priced. Kidquest childcare $9/hr was super convenient with the Mouse maze & games. Kids if all ages found something to do. And parents could hangout til 2 am. There were a lot of dining options from Sbarros, Subway, chinesefood, Ben & berets, oyster bar, Italian sitdown, buffet, Starbucks, etc. Staff was friendly. Would definitely come back.
I was surprised by the price and location that this was a very clean and nice. Beds were soft but the towels and shower were a bit lacking. 
I did eat at the oyster bar and the salmon was very good so over all this is a good hotel to if you were not wanting to stay on the strip.
Nothing really stood out, they do have a Buffett but the section I had was nothing to right home about. They did have a nice salad/fruit bar. The casino section was clean but just seemed ordinary
I love this casino. I always have a good time and I don't often have to wait long for drinks. Plus it has plenty for kids to do, such as Kids Quest which my daughter loves. It's a bit noisy since they have the radio going plus the jackpot announcements AND live music all at once. Other than that, I have no complaints.
Great customer service! ;) I always bring my ca friends here! They also love the place as well.. great price for the buffet too!
I love this hotel and casino! The Station Casinos brand is geared towards locals and they do a great job of taking care of us. I love cashing my check here I'm getting a free drink or free food out of the deal. The buffet is pretty good for the price, there's a good Italian restaurant, Mexican place, steakhouse, and oyster bar.I always enjoy the table gaMes and nickel video gaMes too.  They have kids quest dAycare too and a  awesome arcade and theater.
We came here for the lunch buffet and were happy with the service we received. The price was great and the food was what we expected.. nothing overly exciting but not poor quality either. We came on St Patrick's day and we're seated right away. Our server went out of her way to ensure we were satisfied at all times.
We enjoyed our stat at Sunset Station Hotel. Although we aren't gamblers, the area met our needs as Hoover Dam is close by.

As far as this hotel, there was so much we didn't understand, and no one explained how things worked. We self-parked only to find out it's difficult to carry a lot of your travel gear into the hotel.  And, we got a free players club card and at first glance I said no thanks. Turns out, it would have had money on it (From $3 to $500).

The food wasn't that great, but as always, we pack our own breakfast and lunch.

On the plus side, the room was great---this is a non-smoking room that is truly non-smoking! comfortable and very, very clean. We got a great deal on groupon and opted to upgrade for a Junior suite.
Beautiful decor and layout!  Cool bowling alley, movies, arcade, lots of restaurants. Located in a great area of town.
This is a great hotel. They have an awesome pool. It is in a good location. The maids are always nice and clean the rooms well. The rooms are nice and comfortable. I have come here with my family 3 times and it has always been great.
Dinner here tonight at The Feast Buffet was a joke...Server was slow as hell I know its 5 of us keep the refills coming not 1 every 15 min....Our server jose did more fist bumpin' with the homies that work here than anything.   REALLY!!!!
Had a great weekend here!. We have visited a number of times without staying. (We have family in the LV area that we usually stay with). We had a great stay here. 
Initially our room was not as promised. (we were promised a mini-suite with a king bed).

Management went beyond the call of duty to correct the situation! We truly appreciated it. 

Room was outstanding - service incredible - and the buffet was amazing!
Thanks,
This place has it all if you don't want to leave the hotel during your stay... 24/7 bowling & cafe, movies, arcade, child care, several fast food places ETC !!! Customer service was outstanding ( got to check in 4hrs early) had xtra towels sent up as soon it was requested, security presence 24/7 inside  and outside of hotel ! 

Breakfast, lunch And dinner selections at the buffet outstanding !
We have been here for a day and it's a wonderful hotel. All of the employees are so friendly and accommodating. Security helped us out so much with an issue we had after check-in. High praise for both Rod and Terrence. From anyone answering the phone, check-in, housekeeping and security the employees are top notch. Been the best experience I've ever had at any hotel.
I took my daughter for the buy 1 get 1 free buffet. I purchased it. the cashier asked the people behind us to go in front of me to the cashier,tried cutting in before they paid. I let the host know who is Rude. my daughter got the spaghetti and the noodles were Cold,the prime rib I got cut was luke warm,but we ate it and went to the gift shop,they gift shop is very nice,and we found earrings to match for under 20 bucks. Than I went to the taco place to get my brother a quesadilla to go,than we stopped at starbucks there, the cashier is Very Yound and RUDE as well (its so hard to find customer service in this town),and other customers need to learn to shut there Mouth and mind there own business quit Lieing. Security is very Unprofessional,and will call corporate on them also. BAD EXPERIENCE all the way around for being a Saturday night of what was suppose to be a fun night out!!! :(
If u want to lose all your money and be treated so so then u should stay I live in Vegas I would recommend any casino but this one. They say they love locals that's total bulls$&@t.
Sunset Station is a fine property. The Casino is large and has everything you would need without leaving the building (Movies, Bowling, etc) The buffet I ate was very good.

The Pool area was nice and large, large enough so you felt comfortable and relaxed. The pool was open later than most properties too.

The Staff were all friendly and helpful, and it was obvious they really wanted you to be aware of that.

The room was clean and decorated nicely, everything was in great shape and made for a comfortable stay.

I'd recommend staying here for anyone looking for a quiet place to get away
I gambled $2,500 & lost it. So, I thought about calling it a day. I requested the pit boss for a 1 night room comp n dinner for 2. 

Apparently,  there was no host in the building at 2pm on a busy weekend. After a half an hour wait, the host shows up n denied my dinner Comp request but promises to honor my room request. 

As I stated, I show up 3 hours later to check into the room they promised. The reservation was no where to be seen. 

I highly doubt I'll be back to play here.
Great hotel casino. Especially great service at the pool.  Best bartender ever is Erica! She makes sure to be attentive and talks to you as though you're a long lost friend.  The other bartender the day before just gives you margarita without asking you anymore questions. Erica asked if you want it on the rocks, with salt and either clear or gold tequila. Wish she was at every bar.
took the offer stayed there tues. HORRIBLE ! first the pool waitress decided to help her self with extra tip out of my change , whatever. next , apparently they are  in the public pool bizz now. allowing non guest to pay ten dollars and bring their section 8 brood of kids to pollute the scene. bad move ! next the buffet was UNEATABLE  worst buffet i've been to in ten yrz .  i mean it was terrible . low quality frozen microwaved crap , prison food .the final straw and capper was got up to take advantage of the breakfast specials 5.30 am and the coffee shop was closed . went to my room packed and took my bizz out of there . this is a nice looking joint but as true to stations reputation the place sucks. they don't love locals,  just their bottom line.  NEVER AGAIN !    they can keep their chezzy crappy offers and bait and switch operation . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE !
We booked a regular room with one king bed for the Wednesday evening we flew into Vegas. We arrived at the hotel just before midnight. Check in was quick and friendly. We were told we were being upgraded complimentary to a King Suite. It was gorgeous and we still only paid $30 bucks total. We've stayed here a number of times while in Vegas and it's always been great.
So here's the thing at first I thought I wouldn't really hang out in casinos outside the strip when I moved to Vegas, but I tell you I find myself at sunset often and I really enjoy it! It's a one stop shop for a night out with my boyfriend. We went to eat at feast Buffet which was perfect for the price, then gambled on the slot machines and then went to a movie! The theater is nice, the buffet has a nice atmosphere, there's sometimes bands in the casino which is fun, and they have a great selection of slot machines. Honestly I'm kinda falling in love with coming here it's always a good time without all the craziness of the strip.
We stay at sunset station hotel, the hotel is very clean, the room is clean, but their is no safe box in the room, and when we went to the pool they didn't have enough chairs. All the chairs were taken. Unfortunately I will not stay here again.(first time and last).
Just an FYI the AGM Mark Seligman is terrible. He couldn't care less about the guests who stay at his property. 

He makes it very obvious he uses the "do as I say not as I do" method with his employees as they show more professionalism than he does...how sad. I'm sure he's not in his position due to his exposure to true hospitality positions or has forgotten what its like to leave his office. Seems as though the GM condones his actions also.....im not done exposing him yet.


My hotel stay on the other hand was still good despite this joke of a manager
3 story shopping center with a 14 screen movie theater, Crown 14, restaurants, shopping and shops.   The shops are just ok but the restaurants range from fast food to sit down, the movie theater and the old school old Las Vegas Neon signs are the greatest draw.
Neonopolis was a good idea, but it lacks in execution.  I've never seen it not looking like a ghost town, which may only be because I'm only down there at night.

But...wait...this is Vegas.  If it's going to be bustling, it's going to be bustling at night, right?  Hardly.

And it's not the kind of deserted that's quaint and refreshing in a sea of too-much-all-the-time.  No, not at all.  It's stranded in the desert, coming across a completely empty town and finding a doll in a rocking chair kind of deserted; creepy deserted.  If you ignore the sounds of kids screaming to put more money on their card (god, it was easier with tokens, I swear) at Jillian's, it's almost silent.

There's so much that could be done with it, but I don't know who really will.  It seems like a losing venture to try much in there at this juncture.

I don't know.  Go getcherself some mall food or something.  Try to avoid the zombie by the escalator.
This shopping center is pathetic.  I worked in a TV studio that was here for a year, and the owner apparently kicked out the few tenants he had to make room for all the new businesses that were coming in.  They never did.  They lost a La Salsa, an Orange Julius, and a few other business I can't remember.  For what?  Empty space.  I just saw a sushi joint opened where La Salsa used to be, but I can't imagine it lasting long there.  The rest of the shopping center is still pretty empty.  So sad.

The parking situation is even worse.  I've had multiple experiences where my validated parking ticket didn't meet the strict criteria of the parking attendant.  Here I am in line with a bunch of cars behind me, and this guy won't open the gate.  Dude, you work at a parking garage for a living; you're not God.  The attendant actually said to me tonight, "Do you know who you're dealing with?"   Wow.

Try not to ever go to Neonopolis.
1 star, sadly because there are like 5 businesses in this whole center and LOTS O EMPTY ones.  

Wah Wah Wahhhhhhhh.

I'm going to give a nice yelp to Jillians though...
This place is like a Detroit simulator, it's scary, deserted and boarded-up, all with the promise that it'll be better "in the future."    Even their website seems to be an evicted place with one of those useless ad-portals you get when you mistype a popular website.   

If you get lost off Fremont's edge and wander into here, wander right back out.  There's no fun to be had here.
I've wandered around the empty halls of Necropolis (that's right, my official nickname for Neonopolis is Necropolis) many times back in my hoodrat days. Neonopolis has been a Necropolis ever since the day it opened. I went to the movie theater that no one goes to once, and the movie tickets were dirt cheap(I didn't think $5 tickets for movies existed anymore) and the concession stand also had more food than usual for a movie theater lobby with french fries, pizza, mozzarella sticks, etc.... and we were the only ones in the movie theater. The movie(Meet The Browns) wasn't that good but it had to be one of the best moviegoing experiences I have ever had. 
And then you had Jillian's. It always felt so cool being able  to hang out in a bar-like environment at 14. It had a restaurant, arcade, bowling alley, pool hall, dancefloor and a stage for shows. It used to be so much fun. (And it was pretty damn easy to sneak into the psuedo-nightclub upstairs as well.)
Neonopolis really could have been a very cool place, but the execution of it was just terrible.
And I think the main reason why is because it's essentially a wall. Outdoor shopping and entertainment venues may work in California, but they don't fly in somewhere like Vegas. Put a roof over that thing!
Interesting place; horrible show.
This place is one that you want to go NOT when you're looking for a party, but when you and your group ARE the party. It's a little devoid of style but it does have a bit of a tacky kinda charm. I'm sure on a certain night I can work with it. 
The karaoke/piano bar was closed but the room for t looked like a great hang. 
Next time out, (if there IS a next time, I'll check it out.

The show that was there, is without a doubt, the WORST show I've seen here.
It started out with a 10 minute movie comprised totally of random news and interview clips that are oh so vaguely tied to Las Vega$$. The lead of the show was some dude who may have been great at some point, but that day is clearly not today. At least not in this format. He's not charming enough to host a show like this and the show feels dated and is desperately lacking originality or appeal to anyone born after 1970.
 I will admit though, I did learn some very interesting things about Las Vega$$ while I was there, but I would've been really upset to have paid to see the show (I belong to House Seats Las Vegas) and so I got free tickets. I would've been REALLY pissed to have wasted good money on it.
This place was filled at one point (when it first opened- there was a sports store, an asian store, an ice cream place, a restaurant) and quickly became deserted- the rent must be really high. Plus, people did not really come through there to shop, anyway- jeez, retail suicide. There was a little stage in the middle where there would be some performances but I can't say that it was very professional. So, not surprisingly, the movie theater was affected, though this came about a few years later. 

I miss this closed movie theater the most in the whole center. It was a very nice movie theater with slightly discounted movie ticket prices and free parking- validated and had excellent sound. Clean facility, full staff. It as empty though. So, an announcement said the theater would close for renovations. A few days later on the news confirmed that it would be closing for good. So sad.

I like downtown. In my many years in LV, I've never spent New Year's on the Strip (not crazy like that), but I have come to the Fremont Street Experience a couple times. I think that attraction has improved over the years. There are a few good restaurants in the area as well (aloha specialties, mickie finzz, the golden gate). But Neonopolis is an idea never realized- it didn't have a chance. The neon signs were really neat because it was a way to bring back a little something from the Old Vegas (you know, when people dressed up for no reason at all- like the old movies- suits, hats & dresses). Also, Jillian's was a cool little place but it closed and became something else (but don't know how that's going).
Wow.  Poor, poor, poor Neonopolis.  If Shakespeare rose from the dead and wanted to write a new tragedy, it would probably be about Neonopolis.  Act 1 would be the facility opening, Act 3 would be Jillians and the hope of Star Trek: The Experience coming here, and Act 5 would be Las Vegas Rocks closing.  Neonopolis is to Las Vegas like what the Virtual Boy was to Nintendo: both had noble dreams and looked excellent on paper, but both ended up being complete failures in reality.  

Quick history about this place.  Most of the retail space was vacant throughout most the facility's history, and it was tough to fill the empty spaces with establishments.  Jillians was a fun arcade/lounge type of place similar to Gameworks and Dave and Buster's, but it suffered from badly maintained machines and overpriced games.  Not long before it closed, the fraternity I was in held a rush (recruitment) event in one of the banquet rooms in there, and while it was fun it was one of the few good things about Jillians.  The place closed shortly after.

It had a movie theater, but why go to a theater there when you could just go to another one closer to where you live, and where parking is easier?  Plus, the lack of air conditioning IN A DESERT made it difficult to lure moviegoers in.  It soon closed.

They later had a Poker Dome event.  It was a nice facility, and the spectator areas were pretty cool and high tech.  Unfortunately, watching people play poker is nowhere near as entertaining as actually playing poker.  In fact, watching Garry Kasparov play chess would probably be more exciting than watching poker.  Now while some of you might enjoy watching poker on television, I just can't get into it.  Needless to say, when the champion was crowned, they didn't do this again.

When Star Trek: The Experienced closed down at the Hilton, Trekkies like myself were heartbroken.  However, we were relieved when told that The Experience would be relocated to Neonopolis.  Unfortunately, after numerous auctions selling props from The Experience took place, it's relocation to Neonopolis is about as likely as Captain Picard manning the Starship Enterprise again.  The Experience remains stranded in the Delta Quadrant, and Neonopolis remains in the Neutral Zone.

Las Vegas Rocks closing looks to be the final nail in Neonopolis's coffin.  It's quite sad, really.  Neonopolis had everything in paper to be THE revitalization for the Downtown area.  And while First Friday and the large number of plush and comfortable bars and lounges are revitalizing the area in itself, Neonopolis remains a proverbial ghost town, a reminder of what could have been, but never was.

PROS:
Filmmaker looking for a creepy, deserted place?  Here you go!

CONS:
Everything

THE VERDICT:  Just pretend it never happened.
Almost empty mall at the end of Fremont Street. There's been so many establishments that have come and gone. You walk inside and it's like a ghost town. The Drink and Drag bar took over an upstairs space which is a really cool bar. And if you're there during the day, be sure to check out the Toy Shack. The Heart Attack Grill is a big draw for Neonopolis. Parking in their garage is only worth it if you can get validated.
So sad!
Went here 4 years ago came from Ohio and seen a movie and ate at La Salasa and went shopping. Now here again last weekend and my family wanted to see a movie here but it's now boarded up and closed with a sign that says "please visit Regal at Texas Station" and the La salsa is closed and but sign is still up and also there's nothing in here.... Denny's coming soon........ heartatack grill was the worst service ever
I have never seen a place that completely lacks identity until I began walkng through this place.  The Heart Attack Grille and the Toy Shack(from Gold and Silver Pawn) are the highlights if you can call them that.  The Toy Shack is intriguing if a bit pricey but the Heart Attack Grill and the Greek Place next door are just bad.  There is  a Dennys sign but I don't know if it is open and the movie theater is closed too.  This is  truly a case of a property owner's greed causing a great concept to fall flat. So much potential, so little delivery.
We ventured here upon the suggestion of our tour guide at the Neon Musuem.  

One star for the old neon signs and Vegas Vic and Vicky BUT otherwise I'd stay away... parking is not FREE unless you buy someting in the casinos.  Also, there are several homeless people and tweakers coming up to you every other minute to ask for $. This is Vegas at it's worst...sad to say. :-(

PS If you really want to see the neon signs here.. do a drive by and you can see them from the safety of your car.
I don't know why the hate for this place when it being dead has been just a sad part of the economy and falling through the cracks of change. The necropolis is just the shabby kid on the playground that can't help it and gets picked on. Its growing up now and for this I am hopeful for a change as the spot is prime for a successful little building.  

There is now 

Drink& Drag
Heart Attack Grill
Toy Shack 
Dennys
Luna Rossa
Fremont Mediterranean Cafe
2 art galleries (one downstairs and one upstairs)
a few jewelry stores, 
Krave Massive coming soon
Japanese restaurant coming soon

 I also saw that Banger Brewing is now in the building, but I'm not sure if they are just brewing or open to the public? I hope they would do a beer tasting room soon as their beers are quality and would bring in traffic! Telemundo and NBC have offices up at top by Krave.

If you're looking around downtown for some of the vintage neon lights, there's a lot of them inside here. There's a lot of empty space on the floor that they seriously could do something with it events wise...there is what looks to be a stage setup. 

The one thing I have always liked though is parking. It was always rather cheap (and before often free w/o a attendant) even though it is a rare thing to pay for parking in Vegas. It is still the same prices or free 3 hours w/ validation papers from businesses in the building. Cash only, no card on paying your parking fare! It is just there by Fremont East and a easy walk to Fremont Street Experience area- a perfect inbetween for where the night takes us. Its never busy so its easy to park by the elevator and get in/out even when downtown is super packed. We don't bother to park at the casinos anymore because of how convenient it is to park here. 

Hopefully one day this place becomes something more again.

(Yelp 100 Challenge 31/100)
I'm not sure how the "meh I've experienced better" rating would apply to this place. I mean, it's Neonopolis. Where else would you find a three-story establishment covered in neon?

I went here before not knowing what it was. It seemed like a location for a zombie movie. I found it weird that the escalator was working even though there were no businesses upstairs (or maybe I just didn't look hard enough? lol)

Fast forward, they opened a Denny's and had a grand re-opening, added more stores, and more lights. So it's improving, I'd say that much. I'm just not gonna be recommending it to others... at least for now.
I'm going to agree with Oscar and give Neonopolis 4 stars for what it's becoming rather than for what it is now.  The place is no longer on life support and it shows many signs of life and the future looks brighter from the past years when a few restaurants and shops opened and quickly closed for lack of business.

Telemundo coming and renting a good portion of the area for its studios was a boost.  The new Denny's is certainly a boost.  There is a new bar, Drink and Drag, that garners good reviews from the Yelp crew.  Finally, the new zip line ride is being constructed right in the middle of the place.  All these things point to renewed hope for the concept which never really made a go until now.

This morning, I had breakfast at the new Denny's.  I parked in the underground garage which is very, very handy!  One flight of stairs to walk up and I was there.  I was surprised when I got to the booth that there was no charge for the parking.  Their website says free parking with validation but Denny's doesn't validate.  Perhaps it was because I was less than an hour and it was a weekday morning.  Whatever the case, it was a nice bonus.  We are so spoiled by the free parking common in Las Vegas.

I'll make a point of coming here more often.  I want to ride the new zip line when it's done.  Seems like it would make a good UYE.
The new stores have really changed this place and the parties are awesome
Seems to be a lot of not-so-stellar reviews for Neonopolis.  Personally, I think it's a decent little area compared to the rest of Downtown.  The parking garage is a great location (and well-priced, IMO), Denny's has a FULL BAR, the comic book store has a lot of fun things to look at, the vape store is definitely great eye candy (and seems to attract a lot of business) and it's convenient locale makes it nice to hide away in but step right out into Downtown should you want.

I've heard Drink and Drag has closed, which is a bummer since I really enjoyed that place.  It would be awesome if KRAVE opened, too -- I think that would really help this little diamond in the rough.

Also, across the street from StrEATS is a nice bonus if you want some place to park.
One of my favorite places to catch the latest flick.  It has lots of food/drink options all around, yet because it's not mall you won't find tons of kids, tween and teens running all over the place all of the time.  Most kids who are there are there to watch a particular movie.  In and out of there.  

It's also just a perfect meet spot for folks from different parts of town.  It was almost equal distance for friends from N. Phx, Old town Scottsdale, North Tempe and me in SoMo.  With it's location, you know it has to keep things nice, and it always does.

And as a note, something about the place must work to help keep kids calm.  We took a pack of kids (Ok, 3 boys) here to see the first Harry Potter when it came out.  It was awesome.  Got everyone a Starbucks to sip on while waiting in the long line - even though we'd pre bought our tickets we had to get there early to ensure good seats.  And even after an early morning drive that could have made them whiny and a Venti serving of sugar and caffeine - they all behaved perfectly through the entire thing - as did almost all other kids during the whole Harry process.  Dang impressive.
This is an OK place to watch a movie.  I like it because it's close by, usually has the films I want to see and it's relatively clean - although the other day I did step on gum in the theater.  Ugh.  Nice selection of corporate pre-date chow in the area, too.

Downsides are the film selection and parking layout.

The film selection could involve more creativity.  Why are they showing 3 screens of Pirates.  Is that really necessary?   I think AMC could show an indie film or two - I think the Biltmore / Central Phoenix types would really eat it up.   

I find the parking set-up to be fine, really.  But for the first-timer used to parking in a flat parking lot and walking straight into the theater it might be a bit confusing - because it's all urban, mixed-used development parking garage and stuff.  The stairs leading out of the garage to the walkway of the theater is REALLY confusing.  I can never remember which alternating staircase I took or which floor I'm on - Gila Monster, or Cactus Wren?  Hmmmm.
I like:
~the location (close to me)
~you can grab a drink after a movie or grab dinner before all in the same area
~the theater is traditionally cleaner than most

I hate:
~the smell of gas leaking when you walk out of the parking garage after you park
~getting stuck in the garage after the movie-- i don't get what the hold up is people???  Have your VALIDATED TICKET in your hot little hand as you approach the exit.  Often times, you can be stuck in the garage for 15 mins.  totally blows.

So I gave 3 stars, even though I like the theater itself, it's the parking that deserves zero stars-- so 3 stars it is.
The Esplanade is a decent movie theater to go to.  We are currently in a bit of a fight though, as they've decided to stop selling Snickers Popables.  It might not be entirely their fault, maybe more of a corporate decision, but I think I'm going to start sneaking my own treats in after that slap in the face.

Besides disagreeing as to acceptable movie snacks (they replaced the Popables with Goldfish crackers), I'll usually choose this theater over others, if only for it's proximity to my house and the mostly civilized crowd.  I find less screaming babies in R-rated movies at this theater than at, say, AMC Arizona Center.  Sometimes you get some annoying, giggly teens and pre-teens, which is why post-city-mandated-curfew shows are great.

I never have figured out why they can't seem to solve the problem of the garbage odor though.  It's not always present, but when it is, it's there in full force.  I'm guessing it's the food garbage from the restaurants, but I can't think that their neighbor, the Ritz-Carlton, is a big fan of that stink wafting over.

Some tips:

* If you want to avoid parking lines, park underground.  (This may only be useful after business hours and on weekends.)  If you come in off 24th Street, the entrance to the underground parking is to the right.  It's kind of creepy, but you can usually park right by the elevators and avoid the reeeeeally long lines that occur when almost all 14 theaters let out at the same time.

* If you're afraid to park underground, simply go downstairs and get an ice cream/coffee/pastry/drink at one of the restaurants and bars on the ground level.  By the time you get your food or drink and get back to your car, you've most likely avoided the line.  Don't be too leisurely though, or you'll catch the next exodus and the circle will start all over again.

* If you take the stairs, make sure you make note of which side of the stairs you came up.  There are two sets on each side of the theater and if you go down the wrong side, the entrance to your floor will be a non-descript little door rather than the wide open double-doored entrance that you recognize.
Never really had a problem here. The crowds aren't awful like the other theaters around me. Annnd it's close to the Gelato Spot, so I can smuggle in some treats. 

But what's up with the totally rank sewage odor that you have to suffer through while you go up the escalators? You'd think that in such a nice, upscale area as that, they'd want to fix that immediately, but it's been like that as long as I've been a patron.
And open letter to the Esplanade Theaters:

Dear Mr. or Ms. Esplanade
I enjoy your theaters. They are close to my home. And close to many restaurants and shops. Although I have to say the actual shops and restaurants at the Esplanade. Well, they suck. Except for Houstons. The choices of businesses and the horrible signage sends everyone scurring across the street. Yea, that's right. To the Biltmore. Just thought you should know.
Your seats are comfortable and generally pretty dang clean. And your crazy concession prices. I don't even mind. It's like the crazy drink prices at the airport. I always expect it and actually enjoy overspending for some strange reason. Just part of the experience I guess. 
I really just have one other thing to say Esplanade people:
FIX THOSE DAMN ESCALATORS!!!!! IF I WAS LOOKING FOR A FREAKIN HIKE BEFORE AND AFTER MY MOVIE I'D GO TO CAMELBACK MOUNTAIN! 
Thank you for your time. 
Most Sincerely,
Thomas S.
OK, here it is folks....I've been to this theater before and ran into the escalators being broken down and having to use the elevator(way too long a wait!---Not fun)  but the whole idea of the theater's location is a nice one, and yes, the movies seem to be a bit less macabre there and the maturity of the over-all crowd seems to have less crying children than many other theaters.  Last night though, I experienced the rank sewage smell (throughout the complex) with a friend (bad smells are the worst and most offensive to me!), theater #13 was filthy and unkempt, and the parking underground was a mess again!
I'm sorry, but if I should decide to go on a date any time soon or to impress a friend, I might have to strongly reconsider my theater choices.  Possibly go to Fashion Square in Snottsdale (Oh well)--At least I know what to expect there!  To me and my friend, the smell was the worst!  Sorry, this theater gets only two stars.
I've only been to two theaters since moving to the Valley.  Although I live closer to Harkins at Fashion Square, one experience there was enough for me.

I find this theater relatively clean and free of screaming brats.  That's about all I need to be happy.  I've never noticed the gas smell in the parking garage or encountered the broken escalators, but my husband always insists we take the stairs.  As if that's going to counteract the bucket of popcorn and 55-gallon drum of Coke!

Getting out of the garage can test your patience, though.  Beware of the lunatics whipping around the corners oblivious to the concept of driving on the right side.  

Best time to go is the 10 am showings on Fridays.  Garages are empty, theaters are empty, and it's only $5.  Now you have just enough money to buy a candy bar with the change from your twenty.
My favorite movie theater in town.  $5 movies before noon, nice neighborhood and surroundings, and not too many annoying ankle-biting children.  Yes, the escalators should just be made into fixed stairs.  I've had the privilege of riding an escalator one time in dozens of trips.  The smells in the parking garage are sometimes not fun, but it smells like roses compared to the clientele at Harkins AZ Mills.
Students pay student prices ONLY on Thursdays.  Otherwise, everyone pays $9.50 per ticket past 6p (seniors may have discounted rate).   $9.50!  Good thing garage parking is validated up to four hours!  

On a positive note, in fifteen minutes or more, I get to squeeze in a good workout before catching a movie.  I love climbing up and down those flights of stairs!
I love you Man!!! is the movie I went to see last night at this theater.

So I go to this place because it is close to my house is really never that crowded, there are two reasons why this place does not get a hirer rating.

1. It is usually pretty dirty and could use better clean up  I would even go as far to say I think this place could maybe use a good remodel. Also the men's restroom always smell like some homeless guy pissed on the floor and then the janitor pissed in a bucket and used his piss to mop up the homeless guys piss...to put it plainly it smells like piss...seriously dudes...how hard is it to piss in urinal...take another step closer to the god damn thing for crying out loud!!!!

2. I don't think I will ever get over the fact that the price of popcorn or any thing at the theater is marked up 7000% over actual retail. And with the quality of American cinema today just overall ticket prices are fucking ridiculous, I remember when I was a young whippersnapper no one ever walked out of a movie...now I see that shit all the time..because some of the movies suck so bad...you feel dumber after watching them.

So this place get three stars...for being close, that fact that it is never uber busy and not all the movies suck.
My favorite movie theater. Why? It's clean, the refreshment lines are short, many nearby dining & drinking options (and not just a Sbarro's or Chile's), covered parking (underground), it's a relatively safe neighborhood, and it's not tucked in a shopping mall. Add another plus - customer service. Last night we lingered at Morton's so long that we missed our 7PM show for which we prepurchased tickets. No problem they said, and handed us tickets for the 8PM. Very cool.
This is our theater of choice. It's clean, short lines for everything from tickets to refreshments. You can always find a seat. And  those seats are comfortable.  Covered parking. They validate and there is food nearby that is tasty.  They also have $5 dollar movies until 12 PM. So basically matinees are cheap. I enjoy that.
We've seen a bunch of movies at this theater over the years, so I am surprised I haven't written a review just yet.  Most recently, we went to see  "The Blind Side."  (Loved it by the way and highly recommend it).  

Some of the things I like about this movie theater:
*Great movie selection
*Comfortable seats
*Validated underground parking
*Easy access to Biltmore Fashion Mall, True Food, and Houston's
*Popcorn and other tasty treats
*Clean bathrooms
*Very good times compared to other theaters

And just a few things I've noted during my visits to this theater:
-escalators not always dependable
-expensive concessions
-ticket prices consistent with other theaters but still on the steep side!

That being said, I'm sure I'll continue to frequent this theater - keep the customer service, movie selection, etc... coming.  Just do me a favor and keep the prices where they're at.. no need to keep raising ticket prices!  Happy viewing all!
I am an AMC MovieWatcher... and I have the card to prove it!

I always catch the before-noon shows because they are only $5- even for new releases. The perfect treat for an early morning. The theatre is clean and there is usually a line but I skip right to the self-serve kiosks and get my tickets right away.

Also, sign up for the MovieWatchers' club. You can earn points and get discounts on snacks, free popcorn, candy and even movie tickets. I've cashed in on a couple free movie nights already. 

The concession stand moves slow. I wish sometimes the kids at the counter would just move a bit faster to get our things,especially when there is a long line. However, they are really good about upselling. 

The butter factory is clean and works! The jalapenos for the nachos are fresh and packed in its separate containers which makes it easy and I don't have to fish around a container of juice and soggy jalapenos for them.

The seats are comfortable and leave me with plenty of leg room, not that I need a lot of room but at least I know its there. It is a bit chilly so bring a light sweater. 

I haven't tried any restaurants nearby because it seems like there isn't any marketing for any. Most people come here just for the movies.

Oh yeah and don't forget to validate because if you didn't, the gate guards will make you go back to get it.
I usually like AMC, I do.  But it seems that everytime we go here, there is a problem.

For example, the other night, we wanted to see Date Night. Both MoviePhone.com and Fandango.com had shows at 8:45 and 9:40.  When we showed up, having missed the 8:45, we wanted to go to the 9:40 show. No one was up front selling tickets, so we had to buy it through the machine. It said it was currently 8:51, and that the only show that night was 8:45.  So we figured with previews we'd be fine, bought the tickets...which then came out of the machine completely smeared and unreadable.

Upon entering the theatre, we realize it was way into the movie, so we check out cell phones. It was actually 9:25 -- the machine's clock was off.  We went back to guest services to get a refund, and were told there was no 9:45.  Then I saw his sheet of paper, and pointed out to him that it SAID 9:45 was the next showing.  After a moment of "oh, well, I just didn't see that...and the machine is broken" we asked if we could just go see the 9:45, and were let in.

For the outrageous prices for both tickets and food (and the machine sure doesn't help OR give any student discounts), I'm really underwhelmed.  We'll probably look at another theatre.
One of the best movie theaters I have been to in a long long time.

When its 115 degrees outside, nothing beats sitting in an air conditioned theater.  My buddy and I went here twice during our stay.  We saw Inception and Cyrus.  Both decent flicks by the way.

5 stars.  That's right!  Know why?  $5.25 to get in.  That is unheard of.  I worked at a movie theater back in the day and those were the matinee prices THEN.  Here they are still that cheap.  That is awesome!   The theaters were really nice and they had multi levels in them.  We sat in the middle level for both movies.  There is nothing in front of you so you can stretch out your legs if you want.  The seats were comfortable and everyone we encountered was nice and friendly.  They also validate parking too which is awesome!  Overall a great theater!
One of my favorite places to see a movie.  Garage parking, nice staff great seats, and mostly empty.  You can have the theatre to yourself sometimes.
It's close to me, so I go here, and usually it's pretty empty. You're always assured a seat in air conditioning! They've always got the top movie selections - but the reason why it's not my favorite theaters is the PARKING - oy! What a pain in the butt! You have to park in the retail/restaurant parking garage, walk in the outdoor mall that is the Esplanade, but then you have to remember to get your ticket validated. Once I went and forgot, then gave my ticket to the parking lot guy - he said that they can't take that as validation anymore - $15!!! On top of my movie purchases, it was unreasonable. They should really stress making sure you have your parking taken care of. Either that, or I'm going only with people who promise to remind me to get validation!
We love the Esplande 14. In fact, we call it "our" theater and have a hard time going anywhere else. Its clean, great staff complete with tasty movie theater treats. And, its a great theater if you're looking to make a good old fashioned date night this is the place for you... great restaurant and bar options within walking distance to the theater. We often get Stingray for happy hour at the Biltmore and then walk over to the theater.
I love how this theatre is close to everything, but you can always find a parking spot and the theatre is never crowded. I just wish they (and all other movie theatres) would show movies at 8pm instead of 7 and 9.
Great location, very comfortable/large theatre
nice place to watch a movie. clean and very comfortable chairs.
The escalators are always broken, the popcorn is reminiscent of stale ass, the floors are sticky, and their customer service is a joke! I took both my kids to the FIRST showing of a CHILDREN'S movie on a Sunday morning during one of the hottest days of the year. The theater was 2/3 empty and we sat up front - about 30 minutes in my little one got antsy so my husband took her out to the arcade area. He tried to bring her back in but was told he couldn't by one of the employees. He decided to wait out the movie in the lobby after being given a refund on his ticket in arcade tokens (WTF?), but was then told he had to leave the premises because my child was being too loud (she was squealing at the games). When he asked them to exchange his game tokens for cash and then told them I had the car keys, wallet, and cell phones, they basically told him too bad and told him he had to wait out the 45 minutes in 100+ degree heat with my small child! If I hadn't thought it was strange that he hadn't returned and gone to see what had happened, I never would have known. We asked for the manager immediately and after my husband pointed out the two girls who had asked him to exit the building, we watched completely appalled as they lied to the manager, saying they had never even seen my husband before and that they had never told him anything like that. To our utter shock she basically turned to us and called US liars, refusing to give a refund. When we asked to speak to a general manager, he wasn't available but called us later in the day. He apologized and said he believed us but had to "back" his managers despite his personal belief. Worst theater experience ever - now we make the extra 30 minute drive up to Cine Capri; Harkins is SO much better AND they have flavored popcorn!
Renovations had this theater closed for a time and I recently attended the soft reopening of their dine-in theater dubbed "Fork & Screen". A promotion they sponsored "won" me four tickets to see "The Hangover Part II", though things didn't go quite as planned. 

While I was promised four tickets via the internet, when I went to print them, only two were available. In addition, while my guest and I arrived early, we were promptly told at the front door that the movie had been sold out. (More on that later.) Disappointed, my guest and I were about to leave when a good Samaritan offered us two tickets to see another move, Limitless. Glad the night wasn't a complete loss, we were happy to wait an additional half hour for the showtime of that particular film. 

During our wait we sat at what was formerly the concession stand, now renovated into a bar called "MacGuffins". We each drank Blue Moon and while cold, it wasn't the best flavor I've had. I can't quite put my finger on it, but will say they were competitively priced compared to local pubs. While this particular evening was probably a dry run for the staff, as well, I think they need to make an effort to get the table numbers straight. During the 30 or so minutes we sat at a pub table, we were approached by three additional servers (besides our own) bringing food we never ordered. 

The staff was very friendly and had been well coached on educating the public about the dine-in theater experience (and multiple offers for their version of a prepaid card.) In fact, one of the servers chatted us up so much he eventually offered to show us what the upgraded "suites" looked like. We got a quick peak and saw a theater with limited (reservation only, I believe) seating featuring roomy reclining seats and from what I've been told, will have an expanded suite-only menu available. If memory serves, I believe these seats will be about $2.00 more than seats in standard theaters. (And probably worth it for for quiet factor, alone.)

We arrived inside the actual theater and while our Good Samaritan had given us his extra tickets, they were not beside one another and an usher attempted to locate a pair of side-by-side seats.  He was able to accommodate us after a short wait, but I was confused as the theater was half empty and I couldn't understand the fuss.  It made me wonder if the movie we actually had intended to see and were told was sold out might also have been half empty. 

In the theater where we were seated we found chairs that rock back a bit, but do not fully recline. Frankly, I didn't feel they were the most comfortable. Each seat has its own swing out tray table, a call button and a small light. The light is useless as it is situated about four inches behind where your elbow might rest and isn't bright enough to read a menu or see your food. Our server was friendly and our order arrived promptly and hot, though the food was forgettable. Most of the menu options are similar to pub food. I had Buffalo Chicken Fingers, french fries and a Diet Coke. My guest had the Bacon Cheeseburger, french fries and a Sprite. Neither meal seemed to be anything more than processed food. 

While it was a promotional evening where the movie tix, entrees and fountain drinks were comped, had I paid for it all myself (nearly $85 with tip) I would have preferred to eat elsewhere.
I can say hands down I won't be returning.  We were able to enjoy the preview weekend offered for the new Fork & Screen features, and the best thing I can say about it was I'm glad it was free.  All in all we enjoyed 2 free movie tickets, as well as free dinner and soda.  When we arrived we were helped quickly by a friendly guy who helped us get our tickets and headed to the new bar in the lobby.  I order a pomegranate martini from the menu and was shocked with the $7.99 cost arrived in the smallest martini glass I've ever seen.  In addition to being outrageously priced, which on this instance wasn't too bad since I didn't pay for much else it was terrible.  

Even though we'd been told to arrive very early we were unable to actually enter our theater until 30 minutes before show time (even though the theater had been empty for nearly 40 minutes before we were able to be seated).  Once seated we experienced how close together the seats were.  I spent most of my evening being kicked, which isn't the fault of the person behind me I'm guessing she had as much foot room as I did which was none once the seat is reclined back.  Not to mention the highlight I saw on the site was about the age restrictions.  The cinama seats, which are only a few of the theaters are 21+ but the Fork and Dine theaters which I was in are 18+ or with a parent. So we had the joy of a 2 year old squeeling most of the movie which the staff (which was numerous) did nothing about.  

When the waiter who was friendly took our order and our food arrived about 20 minutes later.  The food was about on par price and quality wise of what you would get from Applebees or TGI Fridays.  We had the potato skins (it had been FOREVER and I was excited to be able to get them without the bacon), I had the margarita pizza, one of the few vegetarian options, which was very greasy. My husband had the chicken fajita wrap which is served with very plain potato chips.  All of it was alright, nothing terrible and nothing fantastic.  About an hour into the movie, as we'd been told, the waiter brought our check over.  Personally I think this is silly what if someone wants to order something else?  About 10 minutes later he comes by to pick up the check which we had not taken care of yet, after all we're watching a movie. He then told me he'd be back in a few minutes to pick it up then.  Personally this was the low point of the evening.  I handed the check to my husband, he took care of it and we simply left.  I hate being rushed out when eating at a normal restaurant but now you're going to interrupt my movie to pay a check when I could order more, and also you can't flip my table I'm going to be here for another hour watching the movie.  I simply couldn't stand to deal with any of it any longer. 

Like I said at least it was free, we did the math and our total for the evening would have come to about $70.  Which the experience was no where near worth.  I'm old fashioned I guess, I'll stick to dinner and then a movie.
They just switched from a traditional theater to a "dine-In" theater. More food options are available in lobby or during movie via waiter service. Bigger more comfortable, leather chairs in Fork & Dine screens & leather recliners in suites. You will be paying more for these seats as far fewer seats in theaters. Bacon Cheeseburger and Smoked salmon BLT are nothing spectacular, average at best. Burgers not cooked below medium well
I had the chance to visit this theater last week as well as yesterday for free screenings of the new "dine and movie" concept. I watched 4 movies- 2 of which were cinema suites (way better) and 2 Fork and screen. Cinema suites is pretty killer. No IPIC but hey you get what you pay for. The seats reclined all the way back they are big leather comfy seats. The menu was very chain-like. I ordered Thai coconut chix tenders that came with fries and a cpl of chili-asian like dipping sauces. Thank God it was free b/c $10 bux is kinda steep. The best meals I ordered were the smoked salmon BLT and Chicken tenders. Pass on the pizza (blech). The Fork and Screen rooms are not comparable at all to the cinema suites. They had hard leather chairs that basically swiveled a little. Go for the Cinema Suites it was roomier and really comfy. Plus you get a complimentary lil cup of the daily gourmet popcorn, hot washcloth and a ghiradelli choc mint candy when you leave.
Sound system is good, seats comfy but the "tables" at each seat are a bit small & awkward. Also the theatre is very dark which makes it difficult to see your food & especially difficult to pay your bill.  The movie price was great (cheaper than Ipic or Farreli) and food is decent & priced fairly.  Pet peeve of mine is that AMC doesn't have root beer so I had iced tea.
Contrary to everyone else, we really enjoyed our free movie experience.  Super friendly grand opening staff ... almost bordering on Disney-esque enthusiasm. Hope the energy stays on!

We definitely would come here again, larger seating, quieter atmosphere due to 18+ age group, and decent dining without scary airport-like pricing (entrees $8.99-12.99)...

Food quality is Applebee's level, so set expectations accordingly... 
Chicken tenders - run of the mill normal strips, no hint of coconut but there was the odd ponzu sauce.

Battered shrimp - received 7 large tender (not overcooked) shrimp, better but the ponzu sauce is corn syrup scary.  Allowed me to sub the typical fries for a small side salad (romaine).

Chicken fried steak - ok, came w/ hearty portion of mashed red potatoes and snap peas.

Smokey salmon sandwich - would order this again, came with chips

Triple berry stack - unmemorable

Chocolate brownie and ice cream - warm and delicious
Let's be honest, here's what you want to know first: How are the drinks?

It physically pains me to report that the cocktails at Esplanade's new dinner-and-a-movie theater suck. I guess Spouse and I are spoiled from drinking in gay bars (the gays love a heavy pour) because I could barely taste any booze in the 9 margaritas I devoured. It's also entirely possible my taste buds no longer detect the presence of alcohol in anything other than 190 proof Everclear grain alcohol. It happens.

I'm fairly certain the bartenders here are the same folks who used to serve the popcorn prior to the remodel. I guess since it's a movie theater I expected Tom Cruise to be slinging liquor bottles behind the bar. No, they actually use a shot glass to measure their pour. I know some queen reading this at One Lexington just gasped out loud and had to grab hold of her tomato red Hennessy sofa to keep from falling over. (Seriously, the gays love a heavy pour.) 

As for the rest of our theater experience, the food was better than expected. I was prepared for frozen entrees re-heated and served, but it was at least Applebees quality (check out them high standards). I ate a Chicken Quesadilla that was perfectly spiced and paired nicely with my virgin margaritas, but Spouse was less thrilled about his Lime Chicken Sandwich that he called "just ok" (I'm good with words, he's got the looks). Quick tip #1: Finger foods are the way to go; the woman next to me cutting into a wedge salad probably missed the first 20 minutes of the movie.

The seats were plush and comfy with plenty of elbow room. The slightly pricier tickets are worth it alone to avoid knocking elbows with some porny stranger who gets twitchy every time Scarlett Johansson appears on screen. Quick tip #2: If you're going in a big group, have one person buy all the tickets online so you get seats together; reserved seating FTW!

Spouse and I love movies so we'll be going back often. Where else are we gonna go, Christown Mall? Oh, the horror. It's just too bad we'll have to continue smuggling in the mini-bar we keep stashed in our glove box.

PS: Contagion - probably not the best choice for our first dinner movie experience. I went straight to the bathroom and washed my hands for 25 minutes.
saw another movie & this time in the cinema suites theatre.  Wonderful experience.  the chairs recline to almost lie down & you get a free cup of chocolate covered popcorn & a wetnap.  I felt like I was flying first class :)
again, I have to mention the sound system- it is really impressive.  Not so impressive was the "limited time only" calamari appetizer - I had to send it back.
HOLY CRAP I LOVE THIS PLACE.

the chairs are awesome and the servers are great.
What started off to be a nice experience quickly fizzled when an hour after leaving the theatre we realized we were given the wrong credit card. We had to go back to the theatre. My husband spoke to the manger and the senior manager about the issue. They were pleasant, apologized, took down his information so if the other girl comes back with our card they will call us. They also sent him off with a bunch of coupons for free appetizers bogo entrees and a few movie passes. That would have been a very kind gesture if they didn't EXPIRE on 10/15/2011 being that today is 10/9/2011. The few movie passes don't expire for a year which is nice.  Those "might" make up for the time it takes for me to cancel my credit card, change my auto pays to a new card etc.

Tip for the Esplanade: Please give your servers flashlights so they can give out the right credit card to the right customer. (On a side note: our friends that went with us were given the wrong change and had to let the server know or they would have been short-changed)

We will stick with Harkins at Fashion Square.
This dine-in, drink-in theater was truly a wild experience. When you walk in and see a full bar in the lobby, you know it is different. As for the food, I will say the bacon, cheeseburger I had was incredible!! I also like the concept that in a lot of the theaters it is age restricted to nobody under 21 which also comes with lazy-boy reclining chairs. You also have assigned seats so it's important to either get there earlier or pay the extra $1 charge to order online so you get good seats (but how they have it spread out really makes most of the seats really good).

My only hold back is that this place is not cheap! A large import beer was $7, the burger was $10, small popcorn $7 (with unlimited refills), and my ticket was $12 for a matinee on a Sunday. But this is definitely something that must be experienced.
My wife and I had our date night at the Esplanade for the first time since it's renovation.  I was surprised at the changes made to the place.  Gone was the old ticket booth, and the lobby/concession stand area was turned into a bar lounge type atmosphere.  Looked like a cool spot to hang out and wait for your movie if you were early, or even to it and chat, if on a date, after the movie.

You can purchase your tickets at the automated machines, or buy/pick them up inside at Guest Services.  

The employees were very cordial as we passed them on our way to our seats inside the theater.  We decided on the Cinema Suites, since it was 21&over.  We were impressed with the layout, and the very comfortable seats that recline.  Our server was very nice and informative.  I was surprised when she was entering our order into her pad, the other servers were bring our drinks and appetizers.  WOW!  That's faster and more impressive than a restaurant.  

I had the sirloin tips and mashed potato's, and my wife had the fried shrimp with fries.  I can't comment on any mixed drinks, (another reviewer complained of watered down drinks) mainly because we had wine. 

All in all, it was ok.  Kinda like food at an Applebee's, or Chili's.  Nothing to go crazy about, mediocre, and over priced, but it WAS a MOVIE THEATER.  I mean, It's not a Michelin Star restaurant.  I don't care that it is in the Biltmore area.

The thing that annoyed us the most were the 2 pompous couple's we sat between.  They constantly complained about something.  Mostly their refills.  The waitress explains to you, should you need something, PUSH the call button.  They never did.  They expected someone to come by.  The point of the call button is to minimize the wait staff running around disturbing patrons who are watching the movie.  

This is the main reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5. They were really annoying. 

It's like this.......You are at a THEATER that serves food and drinks.  Not at a Fancy restaurant that shows a movie.  You're paying for the comfort and experience of being able to relax, enjoy a drink or dinner, all while watching a movie.

Bottom line, Food was ok, a little over priced, so watch what or how much, you order.  If you like to drink, have a beer, wine, or straight drink, if you are so worried of getting it watered down.  The employees from beginning to end were excellent.  And the over all experience was very enjoyable and fun.  We would definitely do it again real soon.
Dining experience was well executed, but the quality of the food and price did not do it justice. How do you screw up chicken tenders? I've had better from fast food joints. Seating was clever and practical, just no where to hang a jacket. If you're not from the area, it can be a pain to find the entrance and parking. Didn't help the movie I was dragged to sucked, but the service was actually really good. Crappy food, cumbersome locale and parking, and overpriced.... Eat at a restaurant first, then go to a normal theatre.
The new Esplanade is fantastic!

Food exceeded my (admittedly low) expectations. Everything packed a lot of flavor, and there was more thought and care put into it than I would normally expect from a restaurant that sources its food from a national distributor. For example, the breadstick that came with the Chicken Mac 'n Cheese was a soft pretzel. Cute, no? The Mac 'n Cheese and Chicken Fajita Wrap were on par with the best meals I've had at a TGI Fridays or Applebys. I mean that in the best way possible... This is simple whitebread American dining, but it's done well. Price points for food and alcohol were competitive with those chains as well... Most of the meals clocked in under $10, though soda was almost $4. 

Service was scary good. Push a button, BOOM! they're there at your side. Our drinks were refreshed before we could finish them. Super friendly waitress. Their efficiency bordered on supernatural. I mean, it's not like they can just look out over a one-room restaurant to see what's going on with their section of tables. So mad kudos to everyone who works there. 

There are two kinds of theaters, and you have to go to the AMC website to know which one your show is playing in. Note that the high-end theaters are 21+. Even the basic level had extraordinarily comfortable seating. Seats are arranged there mostly in groups of four. The enormous comfy chairs are worth the slightly higher ticket price. 

If you go during the day, don't pay the extra $1 to order your tickets from AMC's site. Otherwise, it's worth it: The seats are assigned.

My only complaint is that the popcorn only comes in a small bag. Refills are unlimited, and you only need to push a button to get more, but it's difficult to share a bag with a group of friends without calling for more every five minutes.
Pretty fancy re-model, now with leather reclining seats and servers that bring the food to you instead of buying at a snack bar.
Just moving to Phoenix a week ago I didn't have any idea this was a dine in theater. I walked in and was asked for my ID. I was like "ummm sure" the ticket dude told me what this place was an my jaw dropped literally!

We sat in the cinema suites which all the seats are lazy boy recliner chairs! You can order anything on there dinner menu plus get any type of alcoholic beverage you desire while in the movie theater...

Will Definatly go back since I live right down the street but this is not the type of movie theater that I will go every time a decent movie comes out.
This is my go to theater since the remodel. I've never been much of a movie goer, not a huge fan of the whole crammed like sardines into a room with a bunch of strangers thing...AMC Esplanade is a game changer. 

I'm a snob when it comes to almost everything, and hey, now I can be snobby about going to the movies too! The food is actually quite good. A significant step up from traditional bar fare. Offering everything from hot wings to fruit salad to the wonderfully tasty Smoked Salmon BLT. The fries are hot and crispy and the service is quick and friendly.

Now, let's talk liquor. When you walk in, the area that used to house popcorn, candy and soda is now a full bar! That's right, a full bar! Better wine and beer selection than I expected and you can still just get some popcorn and a Coke if you so desire. 

The theaters themselves are comfortable and seating is just how I like it, recliner type seating with a lot of room between you and everyone else. We ordered our tickets online prior to the showing and were able to choose our seats which is a nice touch. Go! Go now!
I am OBSESSED with this theater, as it is an escape from reality to curl up in reclined leather bound seats, comfort food, and drinks all while watching a new movie on the big screen. Additionally, as a brand new staff has been well trained and just as excited about the theater itself, the customer service is very welcoming and kind. If you're not on a tight budget, and love movies, drinks, and food as much as I do, this is the place for you!! :)
I get it. This is supposed to be really cool - eating and drinking in the theater. Sadly, it wasn't until after I'd purchased my ticket that I realized what I was getting myself into, and at the time I was just looking to see a movie - not have an "experience." 

I'm going to try really hard not to just be a curmudgeon about the whole thing, but there are a few flaws I'd like to see fixed before I ever go again.

1) Figure out some way to make the lights next to the seats optional. I hated having a light on the entire movie. I didn't need it but there was no way to shut it off.
2) Get the servers more comfortable with serving. They were a little slow and forgetful. I'm figuring it's just due to the fact that we're in a dark theater and this is a new thing.
3) I know that there is a poster talking about how the whole thing works, but I didn't see it. I'm not the type to just go asking for help because I'm stubborn and want to figure most things out myself. (Grumpy Becky is voicing her opinions now, sorry.) That being said, I kinda wish it would have been easier for me to figure out on my own and through a little less trial-and-error. (I sat for about fifteen minutes waiting for service before realizing that I needed to push the service button.) I know, I'm being THAT girl.

Also, let it be noted that if you're going in a group of three, be ready for the third wheel to feel even more excluded. The seats are set up perfectly for couples...and that's about it.

I will probably try this place at least one more time, but I'll hope to swindle someone into buying my ticket for me.
This place is sweet.  It eliminates the sucky parts of going to a theater (finding a seat crammed next to a stranger, needing more popcorn during the movie) and replaces them with wait service, seat assignments, and comfy chairs!!
It's hard to go back to a regular theater after this! Just for an additional $2 per ticket you can enjoy Cinema Suites(over 21 only). Drinks, food, extremely comfortable and great customer service.
Ok, this is a "Fork & Screen" and "Cinema Suites" AMC (one of 9 in the USA).  Since it is spanking new from the remodel completed in Sep '11, it is clean and shiny.  The comfy and roomy chairs are nice but not sure why they didn't put at least 2 to 3 more inches between them.  Service was fast at first then seemed to slow down.  If you want to drink alcohol while you watch a movie (instead of going to the AA meeting that you should be at), then this is the place.  Else, there are several other movie theaters near by that are just as comfy and a bit cheaper!
This theatre needed the remodel, because people started to forget it was there! I went last night to see the Breaking Dawn Premier and was quite impressed.  The tickets are expensive, but you are paying to have no one under 21 in the cinema suites (the theaters with the recliners), unlimited soft drink, coffee, and tea refills.  The food comes out quick, which is good because when they turn off the lights you can't see your food unless you push it way back towards the little lights.  Don't be put off by the prices, the portion sizes are pretty ample.  another drawback is they keep all the theaters SO cold that your food gets cold :(
I really enjoyed my last trip to the movies now that this cinema has been revamped. Gone is the concession stand and in it's place is a full bar. There are also a few tables in the lobby where patrons can have cocktails or order an entree from the menu....yup, they serve food and adult beverages.

The cinemas themselves have been revamped with wider seats and small tables in between the seats. There is waiter service to bring you food and drinks during the show along with cloth napkins and silverware. The set-up is still stadium seating and there appear to be long tables closer to the screen for larger parties as the tables further up are arranged in groups of two.

Prices are less than I expected. Three beers and Parmesan fries was $20. This is not a bargain night out, but still an enjoyable outing and this experience may compel me to go the movies more often. May not be everyone's cup of tea but I for one enjoyed myself.
Comparable to the iPic theater in Scottsdale, but more affordable and less pretentious. My new go-to!
OMG.. I LOVE what you've done with this place. Saw Twilight - Breaking Dawn here (dont judge me). Service was excellent, food was excellent. Seats were comfy.. love that there is reserved seating...I dont know why you would go anywhere else?
Loved this place. I had my doubts because of a prior experience. Years ago I went to Farelli's Cinema Supper Club in Scottsdale and it wasn't great. Bad food, seating wasn't ideal and just not a good experience overall. But wow. As soon as I walked into the newly remodeled AMC 14 I was impressed. A full bar where the concession stand use to be and nice tables and seating filled the lobby. The vibe was much more adult and cool right from the start. My friend pre-purchased tickets for six of us. We had our own row and when I sat down in the super comfy recliner I was in heaven! Great menu selection and the drinks were good. Got a cosmo and it was very good. Not the best I've ever had but really good. I honestly didn't expect the drinks to be drinkable. Not at a movie theater but I was pleasantly surprised.  I got a Swiss mushroom cheeseburger and it was delicious. A few nice touches really made this an extra nice experience: while we waited for our drinks and food, we all got a cup of chocolate covered popcorn and when we left the theater, an employee was holding a tray of mint chocolate Ghiradelli squares. Nice touch. We had a few issues with the credit cards being charged properly and the bills mixed up but the management fixed things right away and gave re-admit passes without question. Nice service. This may not be for everyone if you just want your run of the mill popcorn, soda and movie but it's a fun treat to go here. I highly recommend it and will go back for sure!
Ok so lets start this off the right way by saying I was there for the Twilight Breaking Dawn Premier ... you think lot of teen girls screaming there heads off to see the film.  Nope ... 18+ for the whole theater when I walked in and had a seat in one of the lobby chairs I was properly greeted and offered a drink.  Wow that is great! I could even get a ADULT beverage ;) I like.  So I showed up about an hour early just not knowing what to expect and was informed by a greeter that we could go into the theater about thirty minutes early.  We get in the theater and where greeted with a smile by our waitress who took all are information and order and got us drinks with unlimited refills, get that large popcorn get unlimited free refills.  This is great now sure the tickets cost about $10.00 a person, Drinks are about 3.59 But unlimited refills.  Overall I had a great experience and look forward to being back again soon :)
Ever see or hear of the movie '50/50'? Well, I would've loved to have seen that movie at the AMC Esplanade 14 Fork & Screen "experience" because that was the "experience" I had there: 50% good and 50% terrible.

It all started good - that's the 50%. The waiter Scotty was awesome upfront, the price of the ticket affordable and the food was very good - I had the classic Chicken quesadilla, Parmesan fries and a "supposedly" free-refillable Cherry Coke. The screen and sound were good and so was the idea of having someone come when you needed them by a press of a service button. I'll tell you the truth: I rarely go to the movies these days and it's mostly because of the inconsiderate jerks who use their cell phones, held up as high and bright as possible, to text. Granted, I was literally the only other one in the theatre this time, but I was very prepared to press the button and get anyone kicked out who attempted to ruin yet another good time with their selfish texting.

Ok...and here's the 50% bad part: the plastic/barely rocking chairs were uncomfortable after awhile. I ran out of my soda 30 minutes into the showing and I pressed the button. Scotty had not returned. I thought maybe it was broken, so after 10 minutes, I turned it off and on again. Still no Scotty. Finally 30 minutes later he came back with the bill and sternly told me to turn off the button as if it was bothering him the whole time. Uh...#1 it wouldn't be bothering you if you came within, say those first 10 minutes and #2 isn't this the perk of being at this theatre?

In addition, he didn't give me a pen to sign the receipt. I wasn't about to use the useless button again, so I just left the merchant copy. Only, I thought it appropriate to tip my waiter and I was going to add it using my card on the little "tip line." Finally, I just put a few dollars I had on me in with the bill. Obviously, he didn't come back to get the receipt, so when I left the theatre when the movie was over, I looked for him. He was gone, wherever. In this economy and for someone working for AMC, you'd think he'd want a couple extra bucks for his efforts. (I say the "working for AMC" part, because I have worked for the company and I know all about minimum wages and abuse from management.)

So, I took back the tip money, handed the receipt to the bartender and left disappointed. Heck, they didn't even let me keep the plastic Coke cup nor did they honor the menu they publish online: I really wanted the Sicilian Pizzinis but they didn't have it on their hard-copy menu and Scotty know nothing of a "Pizzinis."
 
Since the "service" button is irrelevant and since I can just as easily eat popcorn or eat at a restaurant before/after, I doubt I'll be driving half-way across the city to come back here any time soon.
I don't care how much it costs. I'll never see another movie in anything other than their cinema suites again. Ever.

I love their leather recliners! They are just as comfortable as the one at your grandparents house. Plus, you get beer delivered to you at the touch of a button and prices are surprisingly reasonable (4 for a pint of domestic, 5 for imports). Plus, you get a sample of specialty popcorn, a warm towel, and a Ghirardelli chocolate on your way out. 

It can get crowded in the evenings, so you might want to consider purchasing your tickets ahead of time.

Don't go expecting AMC to serve you a gourmet meal unless you think Applebee's is a real treat.
the first time i was there service as great, but as the second and third time came the service and staff was poor, the manager and staff just stood there joking and messing around with no intention of asking us if we need any help. The waiter was great food is good but lobby customer service is not all that great younger spike hair manager is kinda rude too.
Super comfy chairs.. relaxing... and a good time to get away and just relax. The new bar is always a plus.. and our waiter Phillip was pretty awesome as well. The only down side to our adventure? We sat in the top row and if you put your chair back at all the little wall in front of you cuts off about half of the screen... design flaw much? Other than that.. pretty great.. can't wait for another movie!
I've been coming to this theater for a very long time, and the renovations are really impressive. The ticket booth is gone, and instead they have you buy the tickets inside at a machine or the Guest Services (or online). There's a full bar and lounge in the entrance, which was perfect for waiting for our friends to arrive. We couldn't get our tickets right away though, since we wanted to sit with our friends, and the theater does assigned seating. Once we were all together, we were easily able to pay separately but get seats together (on a weekday afternoon).

I saw Young Adult in the Cinema Suites (21+ over), so I can't comment on the regular dine-in theaters, but the cinema suites are really comfortable. They're paired in two's. I did notice, however, that when fully reclined, I was missing part of the bottom of the movie (blocked by a little wall that is behind each row), which might be because I'm short. 

The waitress we had was really friendly and nice. I asked her about turning off the light in between the seats, and she suggested putting the black napkin that comes with the silverware over it, which was brilliant and got rid of most of its annoying glare. 

We tried the brownie sundae, which was good (hard to get that one wrong). It came out really fast. They brought the check about an hour into the movie, which I think is a bit odd since the movie still had a bit to go.

Overall, I like the changes to the theater, but I'm glad I got to spend my high school years going here without all the fuss and restrictions.
My wife and went to the show last night at AMC Esplanade 14. This was our 1s visit since the remodel. Wow, what an experience! You can select the Fork & Screen theater, or the suites. We saw a movie in the Fork & Screen theater, but the suite is where its at. Fully reclining leather chairs, and full service bar and food through out the movie. I've also been to iPic, and I think AMC has outdone them here with a better price and service! iPic only offers service for the 1st 15 minutes of the show, whereas AMC offers service for the most of the movie. Also worthy of noting is that the Suite theater's are 21 and over. Check it out - you won't regret it!
My wife and I heard about this new cinemasuites thing at a christmas party. So we decided to go check it out. It was totally worth the drive to get there. All guests at the cinemasuites have to be over 21yrs old. The seats are all leather lazy boys with electronic recliners. You have a button to push for service, and there are drink menus and food. Its like being first class on an airplane only better! Movies before Noon are 9$ and movies after noon are 12$. Not too bad for such an experience!!
I took my wife there to see we bought a zoo, the movie was great and this place unbelievable. it was the best movie going experience i have ever had. they bring your drinks and food to you and you get to pick your seats before you go in there and it is on a really nice neighborhood too. i totally suggest this place to everyone.
I've been there a few times since they reopened, but I wasn't impressed. That was until I saw a movie in their new Cinema Suites. This is it. They got it right! There's a premium but it's worth it
Why can't they bring something like this to Tucson!!! 
Their service is off the charts! Unbelievable! 
I'd pay these prices for this service any day.
Wow! I love the new remodel. It is so nice and clean. I am really surprised with the attention to detail. Of course, you are still watching a movie at a movie theater, but the food was good - fairly priced and they have a bar? Who knew...
The new Esplanade provides a nice afternoon or evening out. The price for the regular movies is comparable to 3D movies and much more worth it.  The seats (especially the ones in Cinema Suites, which fully recline!) are comfortable. The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. The refreshments are good, and food and drink prices are not inflated and more reasonable that those at the sports stadiums. An imported beer and unlimited popcorn is $13, not more than most theaters' large combos.  Parking is validated. If you are the ultimate movie fanatic, are not picky about atmosphere, and can go to movies at 10 in the morning, you can find a better deal elsewhere. But if you are a regular Joe, you will enjoy an occasional movie at the Esplanade.
Wow, did we enjoy this theater! I live only a few minutes away, and we hadn't been back since they renovated. We are so happy to see someone investing money into the Esplanade, because inept management of the complex has caused some merchants to leave or go out of business (really grungy, scary garage and elevators bothers a lot of people). But now, with AMC updated like this, there could be a resurgence coming to the Esplanade area! It is the most unique theater experience you can find anywhere. We've been to UltraStar and others who serve food and drink and this is far better. They really pulled it off.

The "fork and screen" theaters are less expensive and they are just like a traditional show with a somewhat nicer leather seat and a tray with a call button for service. The wait staff is friendly and outgoing (thanks Brittany!). But we enjoyed the "CinemaSuites" section of the theater so much more than the "Fork and Screen" side. In the CinemaSuites section, there are huge screens combined with exotic, electric retractable lounge chairs and dining trays that swing in and out of position. I was literally as comfortable as I would be on my own couch (more so!!) and the service was great. I had a White Chocolate Expresso Blender to drink and a delicious bacon cheeseburger. They brought us a little popcorn snack with chocolate in it that was not ordered, nor charged, and it was delicious. 

The theater itself has state of the art sound and as I said, a great big screen. It was expensive ($12) but I think very much worth it. There aren't that many seats in the theater because of the amount of room they give you around each seat -- it's really super luxe. Comparing this with an airline, the seats and service are like first class here compared to the tourist/economy seating of a standard show seat like a Harkins. We get it, AMC -- we see what all the fuss is about. This is the way to see movies. The only-average movie we went to see ("The Iron Lady") was made so much better by the comfort and care they gave us. Highly recommended.

The only negatives we had is the continued dirty, grungy appearance of the parking area and the elevator. I agree with another poster that there's too much "Security" presence, but they never bothered us or made us uncomfortable.
After having tried iPic theater in Scottsdale, this was like going from a Motel 6 to the Four Seasons. WELL worth the expense. We were on the side that served alcohol, not the "Fork and Screen" theater.

We started off early getting there before 3pm for a 3:50 showing. Waited in line longer than I would have cared for due to a woman in front of me who had to have the staff person read every summary of every movie showing. To that woman: have some courtesy for others and read it online for yourself or on that cool iPhone you kept looking it. So I found I really waited in line for nothing since if you purchased your tickets online, you could pick them up at the kiosks along the wall. Might have been nice to have a sign conveniently so I (and the others who heard this) wouldn't have had to wait.

I got a draft beer and it was served in an iced glass. Nice. I really didn't expect a theater "bar" to pay that much attention to detail especially after iPic. We were supposed to be able to get our seats at 3pm but when we went in, someone was still cleaning and asked if we could wait. Not a big deal. We were in by 3:10.

Seats. Amazingly comfortable and didn't have a bar going along the back as they did in iPic. Comfortable throughout the whole movie. Our server was prompt and got us drinks right away as well as an appetizer order. That reminds me...the menu. The menu was great with far more to choose from than the 3 items or so I was given a choice of at iPic. There were server call buttons on each chair unlike the "wave them down if you see them" method of iPic. I used it once to order dinner and again, the server was prompt. 

Food. Food was hot and very good. Nothing to complain about at all. I had the Chicken Alfredo and my wife had the Mac n Cheese. Both were fantastic and the portions were large. 

They even ended the movie with a lemon-scented hot towel! Attention to detail is how you do it and they are doing it great. I purchased a loyalty card since I will be back. iPic? iPic who?
I like this place. The food is not that great though. I kind of feel like it's pre-made and then heated up for each person. 

What I like: 

Nice fancy atmosphere 
Comfortable chairs 
Helpful service 
Plenty of Staff 
You can drink in the movie 

What I don't like.. 

The food.. Don't order the quesadilla, mac and cheese or chicken tenders... 

The burger is OK... 

I love going to this theater and I will keep going, but I don't know if I will order food again, unless I'm starving. The theater would be exceptional if the food was more tasty. I also feel like movies are better when  you go there because you don't have to worry about anything. There is plenty of space in your big comfy chair, the wait staff is at the push of a button and you can always get a good seat. They even ran back to get kid sized 3D glasses. 

I have seen 3 movies here so far and am making plans for girl's night to see more in the future, but like I said, I will most likely only order popcorn and maybe dessert to eat.
I thought this would be expensive, and waiters going in and out annoying. This place was AMAZING! The seats were so comfortable, and the way the theater is laid out you don't even notice the waiters. the food and drinks are normal price compared to a restaurant, and not overpriced like I thought it would be (like a normal theater for popcorn/drinks/candy, etc). The bar in the lobby is awesome, and the staff is friendly. We had a problem with our tickets, they split us up (you mainly order ahead of time and get reserved seating). they helped us and got us exactly what we wanted. I cant wait to go back!
After hearing about it for a while, we were very excited to try this theater for their food, drinks and movie. We made reservations online and got perfect seats which is a big plus. Front row=I don't go. 

It's awesome to be able to sit down and order food when you're cutting it close on time for a movie. I was a little disappointed by the menu - it reminded me of a bar menu and nothing really jumped out at me. The waitress took my order before the previews - a chicken wrap and popcorn. The chicken wrap came about 15 minutes later and was decent. 

The popcorn took 45 MINUTES. When we inquired about the popcorn, we were scolded with "it's not my department" from the waitress. By the time it came we were over it, so the $7/free refill deal is a joke considering the service is so slow. 

Garage parking is free with validation.

I would go again just because the seating is so comfortable, but I would rather eat before!
Was served two flat beers, the pizza for my two year old came out cold, along with cold stiff fries.  The salads were fine, the shrimp I served was good.  The service they do have down, the wait staff was gracious and did the best they could.  The back kitchen needs SERIOUS work... SERIOUS work.  I will wait for a long time before I go back again.
This definitely makes for a fun date night!

I've been here twice now since it reopened as a dine-in theatre and have enjoyed each experience, although customer service was much better the second time around.

Both times we've gone, our movies have only been in the Fork & Screen theatres - looking forward to trying the next level up. 

The last time I was there, we weren't able to make reservations online since we were paying with gift cards. So we got there early, enjoyed a drink around the corner at my fave bar - Merc. And then arrived 10 mins before previews started to order our dinner. It worked out perfectly. I ordered their brisket sandwich concoction - it's not even on the menu yet - and I was quite pleased with it. And my pomegranate martini was delish - a little on the sweet side - but that's what I prefer!

The previous time we went, we split their queso blanco dip w/chips and thai coconut chicken skewers. The chicken skewers were pretty good, but the queso dip was horrible. Tasted like your typical concession stand nacho cheese. So i would stay away from that.

All in all, I'm a fan and will be back soon!
Awesome. The place is well kept and I can't wait to go their again. The prices are good and the service is excellent! Highly recommend!
Love this place!  We've done both theaters and although both are nice, the seats in the Cinema Suites can't be beat.  The drinks are tasty and the food is pretty good as well.  

The only downside is that because seats are reserved, this is not a good last minute option.  We considered going yesterday but after looking online and realizing there were only 5 seats left and none of them were together, we rescheduled for today.  Make sure you take your garage ticket in with you to get it validated.
My all time favorite thing to do lately... make sure you go to a movie in the cinema suites where there are leather lazy -boy recliners, full food and beverage service, and you can call the waiter with the push of a button. I have been here probably 15 times and always had a great experience!
It's not a local theater it's a national chain.  I prefer to support my local Harkins.  I do like the new food options and actually the prices are not bad.  If you go here see the movie in the over 21 theaters they serve alcohol and the seats are a little more comfortable.
Love these movie theaters with the lay down seats and service while you watch a movie! Saw The Decendants, great movie great theater!
Not worth it.  First, we went to a 4pm matinee and it cost $24 ... that is $10 more than seeing a matinee at our usual theater.  Then we ordered some of their Italiano (sausage and pepperoni) pizza.  It tasted like bad frozen pizza and it was $10 per pizza.  The ice tea was $4.50 for unlimited refills, but it didn't taste good and we couldn't even get the server to bring us a glass of ice (since they put hardly any ice in it).  The popcorn was $7.75 with unlimited refills, but I was the only one eating popcorn and didn't need refills.  My usual theater gives me free popcorn if I spend $20 yearly for a t-shirt and $1 drink refills on their souvenir cup.  Our total tab was around $64 including tip.  Thought it was just too much for bad food.  Seats are okay, but I find them uncomfortable since I don't like to lean.  They aren't really any more spacious than a regular theater since you have the moveable tray.   I think I enjoy eating at a restaurant and then seeing a movie; I would spend some time talking to my spouse when I go out.
Wow! This theatre has redefined a night out at the movies. They've taken everything we dislike about most movie theatres and replaced it with a new way to cater to America's favorite obsession. Here are some examples (but you've gotta experience this for yourself to fully appreciate it):

Typical theatre: Get to the movie early so you can beat the crowds and find a good seat. 
Esplanade 14: Choose your seat beforehand (all seats same price)

Typical theatre: stand in line at the concession stand and give up a better seat or part of your movie and expect major price gouging. 
Esplanade 14: pay reasonably priced concessions from the comfort of your seat with the help of a server (included). 

Typical theatre: small, dirty/sticky, cloth seats with little leg room
Esplanade 14: big plush leather seats with a fold out table with so much leg room you should never touch the seat in front of you. And they were thinking large Americans here- No problems for the 300+ pounders. They won't be spilling over into the seat next to them.  These seats rock!...literally 

Typical theatre: various popcorn sizes and drink sizes all rediculously priced. 
Esplanade 14: one popcorn size 7.50 (free refills and large enough to feed anyone), one drink size (large with free refills). Not a rip off either. 

Typical theatre: $10-$11
Esplanade 14: $13 and probably should cost more. 

Only one negative thing to say:
I don't like the extra butter for my popcorn on the side in a small plastic cup. I don't know how to put it on like the specially trained concessions staff and it's difficult in the dark. The theatre should complete the preparation of the popcorn before it reaches your seat.
Brisket quesadilla very tasty.  Salsa not bad. Considering that it's movie/restaurant the food is surprisingly good.
Great atmosphere and customer service. The bartenders are awesome and made my husband and I few really good cocktails while we waited to go in the theater. However, the food is pretty mediocre. Overall, I had a pleasant experience and would return.
I could not be more obsessed with the Cinema Suites option at this theater. Plush, comfy leather chairs that completely recline and are reserved in advance so there is no hassle. A mini bowl of complimentary popcorn. Great service. A little chocolate when you leave. It is the absolute best! I wish I could go everyday. And I'm not even a movie person...
Best way to watch a movie! Food and drinks were fairly priced and so yummy. Seats were super comfortable. I will defiantly be going back again and again.
Since they made these theatres "AMC Dine-In" theatres, it's my favorite place in the Phoenix area to see a movie. It's nice, upscale and you pick your own seats.

The stadium theatres are the way to go. They're large, with huge, motorized reclining seats and walls in front of you and behind you. You can't see anyone behind you or in front of you, and you can't really see or hear anyone in your row, save for the person/people next to you. You get a dedicated server who will bring you anything from a soda to movie candy to spinach dip. There is also a full bar, so that's a plus. I haven't had a full meal there, but I've had a dessert (which was good), and service is attentive while being surprisingly unobtrusive. 

The smaller theatres are still good, just not as secluded. I absolutely hate hearing people talk during movies, and I don't like children in the theatre, so the larger spaces are my favorite, since you can't really see/hear anyone and you have to be 21+ to see a movie in the stadium areas. 

It's not as swanky as iPic, which feels like a nightclub in Vegas, but it's much cheaper ($12 per ticket for smaller theatres, $15 for stadium), and you get the wait staff here as well.

Totally recommend, I know I'll be back soon.
This place is great! When my friend I went here, it was my first experience with a dine-in theatre. 

Our server was so friendly and prompt.

I expected bland cafeteria food. I was worried it would taste like it came out of a TV dinner cardboard box but their food is seriously not bad!

I had mac and cheese and was very happy with my choice.

Only downside, I could barely see my dinner or the menu. Luckily, I am not a messy eater!
I know there are a lot of other great reviews on here about this theater and I agree that the dinner theater experience is fantastic. They give free refills on soda and popcorn (although they are awfully slow at it as others have pointed out), and it was wonderful to reserve seats ahead of time. However, the leather chairs were awful! We went twice while I was home and my mom and I both felt the same. The first time we thought it was just because we sat in one of the lower rows, but the 2nd time going (just to give it another chance) was the same. They are not cozy, very stiff, and the lumbar section actually hurt my lower back. Additionally, maybe because I am shorter person (5'3"), I could not put my feet on the ground so my legs were dangling unless I sat Indian-style (criss-cross applesauce for you PC people out there). For me, it is now a search to find a similar type theater with more comfy seats!
Second time going here and this time my friends and I accidentally ended up paying for the prime experience with the ability to do a full recline, not seeing the people in front of us because we were on sort of a private row (went to a 3 pm showing and tickets were $12 a piece). We hoped to get there in time for a beer at the bar but ended up needed to go right to the theater but fairly quickly got service and ordered drinks (I had a local San-Tan IPA which was great), along with a veggie platter and an order of hot wings. I find the wings to be great though we were not provided with an extra plate on which to put the detritus of wing eating, the gnawed upon bones but oh well...I was so delighted to find I could make my seat do a full layout that I didn't care and the sound and video quality in the theater house was excellent.

As others have mentioned, I love the reserved seating aspect and I'll be certain to come back. Oh, and when you come out they have a group employees greeting you and thanking you for coming and they have a tray of chocolate mints you can take advantage of as you walk out of the theater house, nice touch!
Boy oh boy do I like this theater... I must since I've probably dropped over $100 here in the past month between the 25 minute drive, the ticket price, and food; but I've got to say it's worth every penny!  In the past month, the Hubs and I have frequented the AMC Fork and Screen twice and have had the best experiences.  By combining two of my favorite activities, food and movies, AMC has made me one happy girl.  Ever since Farrelli's closed, we've been craving a similar experience.  Now with SMG and Fork and Screen we are set!

The service at this theater is great.  I love the fact you press one button and can get anything you want.  The food selection is good - chili's quality, but perfect for the movie and dining experience.  I've liked most everything I've eaten with the exception of the chicken fingers, which really tasted by McDonald's mcnuggets (which I usually like, but wasn't expecting here).  The tacos and pizza were great and overall, can't beat the prices.  The soda price is a little high, but that's ok you can get refills during the movie.  The seats/ atmosphere are awesome and everything is clean and new.

I can say without a doubt we'll be back... you can pick your seats in advance and have a no-hassle dinner/movie experience... what more could you want!
As a movie theater, 5-stars. The service is excellent (in Cinema Suites, in Fork & Screen not really). The seats are amazing in Cinema Suites. I also LOVE the assigned seating aspect.

The food is ok... sweets and milkshakes and candy stuff is much better than normal food. The chicken fingers I had, or wings or whatever, were kinda gross.

I also love the "age limit" of the theater. If your under 18, you HAVE to be accompanied by an adult. Makes for a much quieter and enjoyable experience.

I also love that there is a FULL bar up front. Beer and a movie - can't pass it up.
The new Fork and Screen is awesome! Being able to lounge at the full bar out front and then go in and have dinner...well, it doesn't get better than that! Keep it classy, not trashy, NCM...and they did an awesome job making this my newest obsession!
This is the only place I go to watch movies now.... They have a full bar, the food menu is extensive for a movie theater. Drinks are pretty good and you even get a glow stick in some of the specialty cocktails. Servers have always been helpful without being pushy. Appetizer sampler is a good starter... Don't forget you can also get candy and popcorn like a regular movie concession. BTW the order of regular popcorn is HUGE-GANTIC!!! Parmesan Fries are also good and the portion is huge! Don't forget the full bar!! You can meet up before the movies and get a little toasted! Hahaha

Try to get a theater that has the touch button recliners. They are so comfortable... It makes it feel like you're watching a movie in bed. Don't forget to validate your parking.
A good concept to keep what was a dyeing movie theater alive.  The big comfortable reserved seats and no one under 18 without supervision policy make for a nicer viewing experience.  You can see movies in a suite cinema for $3 more, the only point I see in spending more money for a nicer seat is knowing you're in a theater where everyone is over 21.  Not worth it to me.  The full bar in the spot that used to be a concession stand is a nice touch.

The food is reasonably priced, but not all that good.  The burger I had was probably on par with something from a cliche american chain restaurant.  Decent, but nothing special.  You can get much better food across the street for similar prices.  I also found it a little difficult to eat my meal.  The big reclining leather seats are nice for movie viewing, but I did not enjoy leaning forward to take a bite and not worry about spilling all over myself.

The staff did a nice job of trying to stay transparent during the movie.  You have to press the button for service, but the waiter did quietly ask if I needed anything else when he bused away my empty tray, and dropped off the check.  And to make things better, when the credits started rolling he advised audience members who were getting up to leave to stay until the end because there was a stinger.  The heads up was much appreciated.

I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to give this theater a try.  But if you live in the Biltmore or Arcadia areas, this is probably your best option.
We've been here at least a half dozen times now since they have revamped the AMC Esplanade.  The seats are great and movies are movies but the service in the cinemas is not all that great.  The first couple of times they brought the food and beverages fast.  The time before last I had to show the server how to open a bottle of wine, which he spilled on me and tonight we were brought the wrong appetizer and then had to wait at least 30 minutes to get the correct one. Our server knew that we also wanted to order something for dinner but he never came back.  We were never asked if we wanted another beverage and we only saw our server when he brought the bill at the end of the movie.  Yes, I am aware  that you can push the button for service which we ended up doing to order another beverage.  By that time, we had decided to go out to dinner after the movie.  Maybe it's been the luck of the draw and the past couple times we haven't gotten great servers, i don't know.  The food has always been good.

I do need to add that the lack of experience has been when we were in the Fork & Screen theater, not the Cinema Suites.

Still, a good place  to watch a movie and dine at the same time.  Just go with the understanding that the service is not what you will receive in a restaurant.  It is nice to sit in the lounge either before or after the movie and service there was just fine.
They have Cinemasuites AND Fork and Screen. I was so skeptical the first time someone told me a dinner theater could actually be a pleasant experience, since usually you go and it's noisy and the food isn't as good as it could be elsewhere, and movie theater food is always suspicious anyways. But AMC actually trained their employees to serve food during a movie without being intrusive, and I've seen three or four movies with dinner and drinks now and had a great time every time. The food is actually good! Regular movie tickets cost enough anyway you might as well make a night of it and have dinner and drinks all at the same place. Speaking of drinks, they don't skimp on the booze either.
Chicken fajita wrap was a nice lighter side item to eat tonight.  I left the salsa alone, as it reminded me of salsa that I ate in Minnesota, catsup with a difference.  This theater makes movies better.
Overall the experience was a mixed bag, though leaning more on the positive side. FWIW, AMC Esplanade has two styles of seating, both which serve food during the movie: cinema suites and fork and screen. Cinema Suites has a higher price and offers better seating and space. I've been to iPic also and let me tell you the differences:

Positives:

-Price: Huge price difference, almost 1/2 as a cheap as iPic

-Stadium Seating: In the cinema suites, you can't see the people in the rows in front of you or in back of you. iPic theaters don't have this.

-Must be over 21: Everyone who attends a movie in the cinema suites must be over 21 (Fork and Screen is 18). At iPic the only age option they have is 18 and can bring kids.

-Food Service Throughout the Movie: Can order food / drinks from the 20 minutes before the movie to the end of the movie. At iPic it's only in the first 20 minutes.

-On Call Service: Each seat in cinema suites has a button that you can call for waiter / waitress service. At iPic have to wait till your waiter or waitress is in the theatre.

Negatives:

-Wall Height: As mentioned already, in cinema suites there is stadium seating with huge walls between each row so you can't see the people in front or behind you. However the walls are so high that they come dangerously close to blocking the bottom of the screen when you're sitting upright. I couldn't recline in my chair because it made me go lower and made the bottom of the screen get cut off. I was in the back and I tried moving down a couple of rows and got the same effect. This was a major draw back and probably knocks a full star off my review. They need to fix this. At iPic no visibility issues.

-Food: I've only ordered the pizza there and it was very average. Everything I've had at iPic has been solid. Also, wouldn't grab me a redbull from the bar, at iPic they did (though aside from that the service was good and also good at iPic). Also, iPic gives you a free bag of popcorn, AMC does not.

-Quality: The overall quality of everything, from the seating materials, ambiance, design, etc is much much nicer at iPic. iPic takes it to another level (and it probably reflects in the very high price). AMC looks like an average movie theater with better seating.

-Food Service Throughout the Movie: I listed this as a positive because on the day I went I had the whole row to myself. However, on a Friday night when the movie is packed, I could see this being a distraction. It does help that they do have the rows separated in cinema suites. Also, the servers are iPic are usually hot chicks, where at Esplanade the times I've been there it's been two dudes.

In a nut shell iPic is much much nicer but at a much steeper price. AMC is acceptable though.
This is the closest theater to my house - and I am digging matinee pricing. I work second shift, so the lunchtime showing of movie plus lunch at the same time makes weekday movies a possibility for me.

Is the food fantastic?  Not really. 
But it's predictable and tasty - the servers I have dealt with are all friendly and well trained not to impede with the movie.

Glad it's here - and as long as the quality and cleanliness keeps up, I'll be a regular!
This was the best theater I have been to in the Valley that serves food & drinks in the movie. Great lobby, statium seating, clean and friendly service. I'll be back!
A Nice Change. Unique Experience. Food & Movie Experience Simultaneously. I sat in Fork & Screen for the matinee (only $6 per person). Other people said they had bad customer service in fork & screen, but I received awesome customer service. I got there before the movie started and placed my order during the previews. My food came out quick and Diner quality (tasty, but probably not awesome quality). 

Quick Note Regarding Parking: Park behind the movie theatre, by where it says AMC & Shops. The movie theatre will validate your parking for 4 hours of FREE parking. 

If you are a shopper....You can walk the underground path to the Biltmore mall afterwards for some quick shopping.
I want to love this place so bad, but it won't let me. There is some good, but a little more bad. I am honestly surprised at the number of 5 stars. I have been to the Esplanade probably around 6 times, and this is what I have observed....
-The ticketing staff is always patient, helpful, and friendly
- The bar- ugh. My partner and I have officially given up on the bar. They always seemed understaffed and grumpy. Maybe AMC should have service bartenders that only work the service well? I have had the same bartender the last few times there (can't remember name but her favorite movie is "A Walk to Remember", and she does not smile at all and is not the tiniest bit friendly. While there on Sunday, we had one round and she dropped off the ticket. I had my card sitting on it for 15 mins. (Really, 15, because we were contemplating if we had enough time to go somewhere else before the movie.) Three bartenders walked by repeatedly, not one taking my card. We tried to get eye attention but were avoided. We had to stand up and shuffle around to get the attention of one bartender who had passed us the most. In previous visits, the service was always slow, and typically unfriendly.
-Servers- hit or miss, but a lot of misses. In one incident my partner ordered a beer on draft. The server said okay.  Between 15-20 mins later a different server approached us and said they didn't have that particular beer.  Welp, that would've been nice to know. A different beer was ordered. Another 20 mins passed before we got that beer, by that time we were over it and sent it back. That seems pretty typical. Drinks take as long as food. Refills can be difficult to come by. I often see servers running food to the wrong people. Last time, we saw our order whiz past us and then back out the theater. We tried flagging the server down, but it was too late. I certainly wasn't going to chase after her. It took another 3 or 4 mins to get our food. On the bright side, the servers are at least all friendly. (Especially compared to the miserable bartenders)
-The atmosphere is fun, the location is ideal, and it's very clean. The theaters are spacious and comfy. 
AMC has a great concept here, but they definitely have a long way to go! I am not sure if I will give this place another chance or not. Maybe just a matinee where all we want is sodas?
So I came here yesterday to see snow white and the huntsmen, everything went good as always, except they are cutting back, for example they no longer sell gourmet popcorn, so no more free sample of the day, no more hot towel to wipe your hands, and no more mint ghiradeli chocolate at the exit. the special touch this theater had is gone. Might as well be a regular theater with nice seats
I wasn't very impressed with it at all. 
All the renovations are nice, and it was nice to be able to sit and have a beer while I watched the movie but everything else sucked. 
The service sucked. 
The food sucked.
The as to the service, they take your order on a little ipad sort of thing, each person is assigned a seat number...I don't believe they actually record the seat down as the waitress continually brought everything to me. other peoples food and drinks...and checks! Ugh. ALSO she brought my 15 year old cousin a BEER! WTF! We all received our food at the same time, except for my husband...he had ordered a burger and for some reason it took a good 15 minutes to arrive. 
Drink service was quick. 
The food itself was sub-par. I got chicken tenders. They did not have the taste or texture of chicken. they were really weird. 

I would say save your money and don't order dinner here. We will be back, but will only do drinks and light snacks.
I think the concept of AMC Esplanade 14 is great and the remodel is definitely looking nice but honestly,  the last thing I want while i'm sharing a room with far too many strangers is the smell of someones Smokehouse Beef and Cheddar lingering from behind me for two hours. Can't we enjoy movies with a drink, Red Vines, and popcorn anymore? Why do you need a New York Strip while you watch Prometheus?  I just don't get it. 3D movie plus a huge meal= vomit. Just saying.

Plus, who wants someone (servers) walking back and forth, back and forth, yada yada.. while you are trying to watch a movie? They do a great job of being quiet, courteous, etc.. but over all the service is just ok. We told our server before we ordered that my boyfriend and I were on a separate check from a friend and he still only brought us one check. Super annoying. 

I say, if you are going to have a menu keep it small. They have tons of drink options that seem like they would be great but again, I doubt I'll down a margarita in a movie theatre. I promise I'm not boring. Hell, maybe I am. 

I'm sure many people will rave about this and go on and on about how great it is to ring your server 5 times during a movie for more food... god. But this just isn't for me. I'll go and I'll bring my own Milk Duds and Red Vines. Don't tattle.
One of the things that frustrates me when I want a night out is that the movie I want to see is never playing at the right time to eat dinner out too. You either have to eat dinner way too early to finish in time and make the show or eat after the show but by then it is midnight. lol 
   So how to solve the issue, go to a dine in theater. I am mad I did not think of this idea myself. Haha! I had heard a lot about this concept this year but had not had the chance to go to one yet. I finally indulged this past Saturday. I had not been to this location since they remodeled so did not know what to expect except the things I had heard, which were all wonderful.
   The concept is a bit different from a regular movie. You purchase your seats with a certain seat number ahead of time, kind of like a play or concert. You can choose between the Dine In Theater or the Lounge. The lounge is three dollars extra and has reclining seats. They advertise the lounge as having " A more adult like feel! "  Ok, don't ask me what that means-hahaha! but My friends say it is great. 
   When I first walked in I noticed the nice lobby lounge chairs and bar. You can order drinks and food outside like in the old days-;0) that's ok too but the great thing here is that your theater chair is actually like a table at a restaurant. No more long lines at the popcorn counter, wow! (People who are late a lot will love it here! Ya hear that certain friends of mine?-lol- You all can run to your seat, get food delivered, and Wah-La the movie starts. brawhahah- sorry I digress) They give you full service right at your seat and even extend it during the movie. There is a button to call the waitress over when you need something but to be honest I never needed to punch the buttons. The servers were all over us the minute we sat down and the minute we needed anything. Actually, the service here was outstanding which prompted me to write a review! I thought it would be a bit distracting but it really was not.
   The food was OK not bad but not OMG I am going to die either. The menu was a lot more innovative then I thought it would be so I would go back to try some other things.I just ordered the bread and pretzel basket with red sauce and spicy cheese dip. It was good but how do you go wrong with that? My friend had a burger that she said was good. The Parm fries were tasty.  The thing I liked best is getting refills given to me at my seat. Yahoooo! The simplest things are the smallest blessings. 
  OK, have to write the negative. You pay for the convenience. The place is very expensive so bring your wallet. The cheapest movie is 12 bucks and the lounge is 15 and the food is over priced. Wow! Shocking you say. Food overpriced at the movies? I am so surprised! But in this case it is really over priced. Well, like I said before you pay for the convenience, I suppose. Sadly, I won't be able to go here all the time but a nice treat every now and again. I suppose when you factor in gas and travel time between a restaurant and a movie house it might be similar.  Check it out. Definitely worth at least a one time visit to see what you think.
As far as movies go, this is one of my favorite theaters in the area! You can always find good deals (ie, buy one get one) and regular movie tickets are very reasonably-priced. The seating is luxurious and extremely comfortable. They keep it very clean and neat. While the food is alright, the prices are way too steep for what they offer. Beers are reasonable and the service the three times I've been has been really friendly inside the theater. The bar, however, is a different story. While never totally full, it takes a very long time to be served. Your best bet is just to order something inside the movie!
$8 for popcorn.  That is not right.  Seriously I can't order a smaller size.  I would rather go to a regular theater and not be bothered by the inattentive server, the people eating noisily with fork and knife around me, and the light that is so bright next to my side that it is distracting.  Blah!!  I think I am most upset about the popcorn.  The food is average  and over priced and the whole serving people with in a movie is really not a great idea.    I like many other Americans appreciate value and good deals.  The amc esplanade offers neither when it comes to food at least.  If you are going to pay $9 for some potato skins at least make them really good.   They were actually ok but the whole experience leaves a sour taste.
Brew and View!!!!! Such an awesome concept. There is not much better on a hot summer's day than an ice cold movie theatre and a frosty beer. Now that the Esplanade has both you can be sure to find me here on a weekly basis. 

I got a 23oz stella for $7 bucks so I was quite impressed that they did not jack up the prices. They also sell all sorts of burgers, sandwiches, wraps ect.. I haven't actually tried the food so updates to follow.

Insider Tip - Theatres 1-5 are the ones with the reclining chairs, the rest only rock... But rocking with a frosty beverage is A-OK. Bring a sweater, it gets really cold inside!
My boyfriend and I decided to check out this dine and view theater last weekend for the debut of TED. This AMC was remodeled into a dine and drink type of theater. They have certain theaters that are called "Fork and Screen" and the other "Cinema Suites". Cinema suites have recliner chairs and are 21 and up, less seats.
Fork and Screen are cushy seats but no reclining. We went with the Fork and Screen as that was all that was available. We arrived early and had a drink at MacGuffins Bar inside the lobby. Ryan had a PBJ drink that tasted like a PBJ sandwich. I had a Southern Slam - Southern Comfort, Amaretto and Sour Apple Pucker shaken with orange juice. Quite yummy and strong. I may have had several..... We headed into the theater. The seats were setup with 2 4 2 across the theater. We were able to get 2 seats on the right about 3 rows up. They have tables that slide out in front of you for dining. Full silverware setting, side table area for drinks, etc. Our server was quite attentive and wasn't annoying. We never had to press our button to call him. He had water brought immediately. We started with Parmesan Fries which were quite tasty, Deep-fried until crispy and tossed with our seasoned salt, Parmesan cheese blend and Italian flat leaf parsley. Served with ketchup and garlic basil aioli.
Ryan ordered the fish and chips meal. He said it was nothing special and was good for what it was. I had the Bruschetta Shrimp Pasta - Pan-seared jumbo shrimp tossed in zesty seasoning with corkscrew pasta and creamy sun dried tomato sauce, and sprinkled with fresh tomato and basil bruschetta. The flavor was great. My only criticism is that I wish it would have had more shrimp. But over all it was a great experience. I want to go back and try other entrees. They are about average as far as costs. Our entrees ran 12-14 dollars each.  I would suggest checking this place out for sure! Great date night or a good girls/guys night out! They have underground parking and do validate.
Forget having to schedule your dinner reservations around the movie you're going to see. AMC Esplanade 14 in the Biltmore area of Phoenix underwent major renovations, turning its 14 theaters into chic dine-in auditoriums where viewers reserve their seats and get restaurant-quality service as they fill up on food and drinks while watching the flicks.

This is only the ninth AMC dine-in theater in the nation, with the next closest one being all the way in Kansas City. The new theaters' capacities range from 32-136, so each visit is way more intimate that the traditional movie-going experience.

The first cool thing about the theater is the MacGuffins bar that greets you when you walk in. It's replaced the concessions stand, with the kitchen behind the bar. I love the drinking-and-movie combination, since a lot of times alcohol can make a mediocre movie that much more fun. It's also a great place to hang out and catch up before the movie or discuss the film afterward, and the bar is fully stocked with everything from beer and wine to mimosas and martinis.

There are two types of theaters at the new AMC-nine Fork & Screen theaters and five Cinema Suites theaters. The Fork & Screen have more seats, and they're also the ones that will be showing all-ages movies. They have great comfy chairs with little lights you can push next to them to get a server to come around, and the seats are spread out enough to where nothing feels cramped.

While the whole venue is technically 18-and-older throughout, kids younger than 18 can come with someone 21-and-older.

The Cinema Suites theater have a more luxurious feel to them in the sense they have less seats and the chairs are absolutely amazing. You can just sink into them and recline almost to the point of lying down. Those theaters are exclusively for people ages 21-and-older, and they have the same set-up where you push a light to get a server's attention.

Each seat in the theaters has a menu and silverware next to it, along with a tray that slides out right in front of your seat. It's actually possible to be reclining while eating, which is really cool and makes you feel right at home.

The servers try to take your full order, from appetizers and drinks to dessert, all at once, so they keep the disruptions during the film to a minimum. The menus are full of American fare, including burgers and salads to flatbreads and seafood dishes, all served on bamboo plates that eliminate clinking during the film.

We tried a lot of food, starting with the Veggie Triple Feature ($7.99) that included jicama, pizza strips, celery and carrot sticks served with hummus and ranch. It was a huge appetizer and really tasty, and I loved that it was such a healthy option.

We also ordered the Double Cheese Batons ($7.99), mozzarella sticks topped with parmesan cheese. They were also yummy and a big portion.

I had to order the Bistro Mac and Cheese ($10.99) for my entree. I left off the bacon and chicken, and I loved the creaminess of the sauce and the abundance of pasta. It was served with a really great pretzel breadstick, which I thought was a delicious unique touch. I would recommend getting this, for sure.

And for dessert, we ordered New York Cheesecake ($6.49). I have to say, for a casual dining menu, both my guest and I freaking loved this cheesecake. It was really soft and creamy, and the strawberries were a perfect accompaniment.

I was really impressed with how concerned the wait staff was with making your movie experience enjoyable. Everyone who brought out our food and drinks were really careful not to disturb us, and they were impressive as servers in that they were very knowledgeable about the menu and were accurate with everything. They also spaced out all the courses expertly, preventing you from getting your entree while you're still working on your appetizer. They'll usually drop the check about an hour into the movie, but you can still add on whatever you want. Altogether, it was just a really pleasant and comfortable experience.

Tickets for movies range from $6-$15, and prices depend on the film and the theater you see it in. Even if you don't want to eat a full meal there, I think it's great to have the option to drink alcohol while you're watching a movie. For more information, log on to www.amctheatres.com/Esplanade.
Got here and every movie is sold out even if seats available.  Make sure to choose your seats or you end up in the front row!!!  Favorite theatre but sucks last two times.
Regular movie theaters have been ruined for me. Esplanade is fantastic and while it's a bit of a drive for us, it is a a theater  I will gladly put miles on my car for. Between the two types of theaters, I would recommend the Cinema Suites. These theaters are smaller (less people to annoy you,) no kids allowed,  the cushy seats recline, no one can kick your chair (you're in your own partitioned row,) and best of all you have your very own server in your very own reserved seat.

It's in a great part of Phoenix, the Biltmore area has plenty of options should you choose to have dinner outside of the the theater. Make sure if you park in the garage you have the front desk validate your ticket. Also, reserve tickets online before you head out the door. The theaters are small and sell out very quickly. Looking forward to seeing The Dark Knight Rises midnight premier this week and NOT have to wait in line! God bless reserved seating.
On Cinema Suites*: If you are of age with no children or in a group full of adults, do yourself a favor and upgrade. Five stars for this experience.

With no children, you can eat comfortably and get engrossed in the movie without the unexpected jolt of a baby crying or a parent snapping at a kid to be quiet. 

The smaller and more intimate setting with fewer seats and better chairs translates to comfort. I loved the fact that you can recline with your feet up and still use the large tray. To those who complain of not being able to eat when reclined, this isn't Rome. Sit up when you eat, and lay back when you're done. It's good for your digestion.

*Fork and Screen and Cinema Suites are separated by a wide, wide ocean of class, ambiance, and comfort. This review completely ignores Fork and Screen because of how bad it is.
Having been here really makes it difficult to go anywhere else.  The Cinema Suites are so comfortable and were the only way I'd be able to watch The Dark Knight Rises (it breaks my 2 hour movie rule).  The wait staff is great and they actually have decent food.  It's a little pricey but hey, you're at a movie!  Our waiter last night was wonderful about accommodating my request that my fries be in a separate bowl from my sandwich.  Love this place.
Not the best of the dining theaters - the food is average and the prices are high for both movie and food.  The portions for the mediocre food is also the smallest I've had at one of these.  The popcorn is the same price as other AMCs so that's not a relief of any sort either.  I probably won't be back to this one..
leave it to corporate america to capitalize on a great idea (ipic) and roll it out, steamrolling everyone in the way...

--book your seat in advance using the website (fandango's mobile site integration not working at the time of this review)
I LOVE LOVE LOVE knowing that my seat is MINE, and if it isn't available, i'll just have to look for another showing
--choose from either the exclusive cinema suites (think first class airline seat, and then some), or the more standard and rowdy "fork and screen"
--efficient and hardworking servers and food runners.
--the concept is excellent, but with declining food quality, it could die off quickly. why would i pay $8 for a (cracked) plastic bowl of popcorn? goddamit!

#chicken wings gone south. they're the fatty and mushy "pump-me-full-of-antibiotics-while-i-stand-in-my-own-shit-while-the-steroids-grow-me-bigger-than-my-body-was-ever-going-to-grow-in-90-days-fee-lot-meat" SHIT "chicken"
#that means they're cutting other corners too... yikes.
#food often arrives "dead" cold. SEND IT BACK.
#be careful to be specific when ordering; many items are similar and your server will assume.
#effect of dining while you watch has literally put all the nearby restaurants out of business. the esplanade is a ghost town
note to lessees: always put a clause in your contract that competitors in the same property must be approed by you!

HINT: push the service button between your seats as soon as you arrive, even if the server stops by to say he'll be right with you. the button starts a timer which sends an "all call" if someone doesn't reach you quickly.
The food was fresh, the seats are wonderful, lots of room, all round a great date. But for the drinks guy who kept acting like he really didn't want to be there, this is a five star place. Superb.
There is no better way to watch a movie than the Cinema Suites here.  No kids and recliner chairs are the way to go.  Drinks are fine, food menu is better than I would have expected.  It's a bit pricier, but worth it.

Side note - if you want to save some bucks, come for a morning matinee show.  Spend what you'd save otherwise on a Bloody Mary at the bar before you go in.  Worth it!
Ordered food even though I wasn't hungry just because I could. Nowhere like it in NorCal.
What a great way to watch a movie!! We got to do the dinner theater, which cost $12 per ticket. Huge oversized stuffed chairs, great service. They, suprisingly, had a great well rounded menu for food and a full bar. I didn't have any drinks, but I did snag  an order of fish and chips with an ice tea that was perfect while watching a good movie. All in all, super fan!!!
Came here for the first time last night - was a little hesitant due to the negative reviews. We saw Batman in the Forks and Screen theater. Loved it! The seats are comfortable (despite what another reviewer said), everything was clean at our seats and our server came by right away like he said he would. We each ordered appetizers and already had drinks from the bar. The food was great! The only negative would be that it's pretty distracting having servers going in and out during the movie. But it's to be expected at a place like this and just something you have to deal with. 4 stars because of price - we had two tickets, two drinks and three apps. It was over $80 - not sure that it's worth that. But good for a once in a while date!
Our first attempt to see a movie here was an epic fail on my part. Who'd a thunk you have to purchase your tickets in advance which allows you to pick your own cushy seats? What a nifty- brilliant idea, right?

I was like, drop me off here and I'll go buy the tickets while you park the car and he was like, you didn't pre-purchase our tickets (white eye stare)? And I was like, seriously, who pre-buys tickets on a Friday night as I exit the almost stopped car?  I high tail it to the counter praying to god and all the saints that there are two fantastic seats available. So I get to the ticket counter ever so confident still thinking I can score us some fantastic seats to a movie during opening week. But got the disingenuous - sorry all sold out instead. I politely but desperately asked her to "check again,' nope sorry. Maybe someone's cancelled?" She was like, no, sorry, still sold out. He shows up - almost out of breath from his post park jog. So, where are the tickets? And I was like...Well, Um, hmmm...and he was like,, Yeah... Pre-Purchase Tickets (white eye stare)! 

So lesson learn, I pre-purchased our tickets to our follow-up movie and it was a fun experience. Great seats, good food, a couple rounds of cocktails and most importantly, NO CRYING BABIES! 

Funny thing, we discovered the stow away food trays half way through the movie and we were so excited. 

They even have movies...IN 3D.

We'll go again.
I've been here a couple of times with the BF and I've had a great time every time. They have good food and I love how when the armrest is put up it feels like were watching a gigantic tv on our couch in the living room. I love that we get to cuddle up super comfortably and munch on some fries and candy. I learned my lesson about drinking too much before a movie, having no recollection of the movie Immortals, so I have since grown to love the whole movie and (1) drink concept. Love the fact there aren't children and you can reserve your seats. I haven't had any instances of dis-satisfactory service or technical difficulties so I can't give them any less of a rating. The ticket prices are reasonable for all that you get, I definitely think it's worth the extra couple of bucks. It's fairly close to where we live making it more convenient than going to Studio Movie Grill, but I have yet to try UltraStar. Love the french fries here! Will return many times over I'm sure.
This is my favorite sunday night movie place. My boyfriend and I only like going to the Cinema Suites theatre. Don't even bother with the Fork and Screen side (it just isn't as good). The flatbread pizza is yummy and the servers are pretty great. I wish the prices were a little better or had a better reward system. 

Plus I really wish they had $1 sodas like at Harkins... That is my one downfall. 

But Overall great experience I haven't even tried any of the other dine ins... no reason to
Best place to watch a movie!  I'm more of a rent a video at home gal than go out to the movies, but I'll make an exception for this place.  The reclining seats are fabulous.  Order the popcorn - it's seriously the biggest bowl of popcorn I've ever seen.  The only thing I didn't like was the water / soda comes in a ginormous cup with no lid.
AMC is now a China owned company and unfortunately I would prefer to support something USA owned or local.   I switched Harkins which is Arizona owned.  I will give up a recliner any day to support locally owned businesses. Peace out AMC.
This theater is the best! Great seating and good food. Great place to take a date or a good friend from out of town. Service is extremely friendly.
Cocktails and food with little distraction. It's the same price as you would pay regularly, and the food is yummy. It's our new favorite movie experience so far. 
Great date night!
An older theater that's keeping up with the new kids! Comfy, reserved seats with food service with a smile without the astronomical cost found at other luxury theaters. Food was pretty good, or with the great location, you could just go for the show and scope out one of the many nearby restaurants.
Won't waste my time coming back here. With nobody around on a Sunday night, the 9:30pm showing of a movie nearly empty, we were refused tickets because I didn't have my ID to prove I was over 21. Really? I'm frickin' old enough to be your mother, kid. Was told we could see another movie on the forks side. For $30? No, thanks. AMC MAJOR FAIL! I'll just spend my money elsewhere.
I am in love with the cinema suite! Being able to stretch out your legs on the LazyBoy recliner is the way to enjoy the movie. The chair is spacious and the room is not crowded with viewers.  The foods are at a reasonable price and the server is nice.
For movie that are 2+ hours long, watching movie on the recliner is the best experience. Also great place to go on a date :)
My husband, kids and I feel this is an absolute staple in our romantic date nights as well as our fun family nights.  Parking is never an issue as there is a three or four story garage, you receive a pass that gets validated for free inside since you are partaking in a movie. 

Once inside, or online beforehand, not only do you have a choice in movies and times, you also get to choose if you want to be a "Cinema Suites" patron or a "Fork and Spoon " patron.  In the Cinema Suites, thee are absolutely no children under 21, even if they are are there with you, it was last minute, no one can watch the , bah , blah , blah- no getting in!.  For singles, this is a glorious gift from the heavens, no chance of crazy little kids running around everywhere, making noises, etc.  For parents, this kind of sucks if there's a perfect showtime and it's a movie that everyone wants to see, especially when you have older children.  The nice thing is , it kind of forces parents to have a date night sans kids.  Another added bonus a

Now once you are in your seat, time to feast.  This food is phenomenal considering it is movie theater food. There's a good selection of appetizers:I recommend the parmesan fries, bread basket, veggie trio, and the hot wings.  There's a lot of sandwiches, I recommend: The Prime Rib Dipper(?), The Lime Chicken Griller (?), The Turkey Sandwich, Now onto the Pizzeta's! Yumm.  Try them all.  The only negative report i Have on the  Esplanade;s Menu are the "Million Dollar Milkshakes"  I've had mine remade only to have to have have same conclusion;it tastes like it was made with water, not milk. 

Overall, the customer service, the attentiveness of our server and
....holy cripes is this place expensive.  I have to say I dig the free parking, plush seating, and great screens/sounds, but at $15 per person for a 3d screening for of Wreck-It-Ralph I don't understand how this place is affordable for a family of four - even for myself that seemed outlandish.
Our Favorite Theater Experience
Love the reclining seats, waiters, are really friendly and helpful. You've must try this place. 
The only reason I don't give it a 5 star was the food. This was the second time we visited this theater and the second time the food wasn't the high-light. From now on when we go it's drinks and desert. Our thought is if we are going to spend $15 a meal not including drinks we really want to love the food.
Now this must be how movie heaven feels like. As a pauper =( having the opportunity to enjoy the experience a couple times a year does it for me. It's first class seats and service for a mere $15 for a movie ticket, then add on drinks and an appetizer, and you end up spending close to $40. Not bad, especially if it's a real big blockbuster movie, then it makes it more worth it. check it out, it's awesome.
My favorite theater I've been to since moving here. Super comfortable chairs, good food options, and reasonably priced all around. 

They validate parking, too!
Such a fun evening and a nice treat.  I love the comfy seats and attentive service.
AMC Esplanade is by far the most successful navigator of the new "Dinner and a Movie" blue ocean the theater industry is starting to penetrate (that's right, I just referenced Blue Ocean Strategy, get over it).  No, it's not an extremely enlightened idea. I've been sneaking Bacardi into theaters since 2003 so it's about time theaters realize they should probably attempt to turn a profit off of it, but AMC really upped the game by not only providing me the option of purchasing alcoholic beverages from THEM, but also upgraded chairs, and a ton of delicious food (Including the obligatory $4 box of candy which is hilarious sitting next to a $9 burger. Like "Don't mind this $9 full meal over here, we still stand firm that Gummi Bears are worth their weight in gold.")

Yes, it's more expensive than a regular ticket. Almost double for the nice seats. But trust me, YOU WANT THOSE SEATS. You will regret not getting the $15 seats if you don't buy the $15 seats so just pony up the cash and delight in the fact that movie theaters are now almost as comfortable as watching a movie in your own home. 

This theater is so nice it even makes bad movies tolerable. I saw The Master here and probably would have stabbed myself in the eye with my embezzled Bacardi flask if I didn't have a comfy recliner and three glasses of wine to get me through it. I seriously won't go to a movie anywhere else and I guarantee you'll say the same once you go. FIVE STARS.
Great way to see a movie.  
Pros:
Comfortable, assigned seating (buy online in advance) ensures you don't have to rush or wait in line.  
Lobby bar is a great place to meet for a drink or three before the movie.

Cons:
Cocktails seem a bit watered-down on multiple visits.
Count on spending at least $50/person if you're talking dinner/movie/drink.
Comfortable? Sure.  Drinks are way expensive.  I don't eat dinner at a theater regardless, so can't tell you how good that is.  If you want popcorn, it's "one size fits all" and it's huge!  Way too much for two people, might as well share with the whole row and just pass the bowl.  Service great, and friendly, but in some theaters they can get in the way while watching a movie.  I still prefer iPic.
Here's a concept--have a movie theater that serves you dinner at your seat.  Sounds great and I do plan to return here periodically.  However, there are a few dents in the plumbing to bang out.

There are two settings here:  Fork and Screen, and Cinema Suites.  Both are similar, but Fork and Screen is suitable for families, while Cinema Suites seats are adults only.  Know the two well, because Fandango for the iPhone may not tell you this if you are booking seats for your family.  I did so, and ended up with a nasty surprise when I arrived at the theater.  Thankfully, we were able to convert the tickets to Fork and Screen about 2 hours after our original booking time, but it was annoying.

Service in the theater for dinner?  Friendly.  SLOW.  If you want a drink refill or more food, you push a button near your seat to summon the server.  Then you wait 15 minutes or more for the server to come.  Plus, if you are seeing a movie that goes until after midnight, the kitchen shuts down halfway during the picture and you can't even get a drink refill.  It would have been nice to know that this was going to happen beforehand so we could have gotten a last drink.

I like the system and the food is very good, but they need to tighten up their procedures quite a bit.  The food is also, as you would expect from a theater, very expensive.  Snack food and drinks for three cost over $50.  Still fun--good for an occasional movie night.  It's worth having the experience, but know what you are getting yourself into.
Since my usual habit is to see movies after work, during the last moments of matinee pricing, the advent of theaters-that-serve-real-dinner is extremely welcome.

After years of paying $7 for a small popcorn, I expected real-food prices to be airport-exorbitant... but the dinner menu pricing is roughly comparable to what the same food would cost at a regular restaurant in the neighborhood, possibly even a bit less, since the BIltmore area is muy expensivo. 

Seating in the Cinema Suites puts your meal on a generous arm rest, rather than on a table in front of you (as at Studio Movie Grill). I like this set-up a little better for keeping things out of my way when I'm done eating; depending on your need to cut food, you may disagree. Seats are sharply terraced, so one's view is not blocked by servers working the rows in front.

The menu is less "basic pub food" and more "chi-chi Biltmore grill" than at Studio Movie Grill, though it still sensibly emphasizes food that can be eaten in the dark without undue complications. I've had some sort of panini that was apparently enjoyable but not memorable (with sweet-potato fries, as I think serving sweet-potato fries is required by law in that neighborhood) and then, on another occasion, a lobster pizza that was fabulous. If you can find something to order that strikes you as faintly silly and you wouldn't order it elsewhere, but the price is okay here, that's probably the way to go.

Make sure to validate your parking at the front desk, as the complicated and annoying parking garage otherwise charges rather a lot. Fortunately, I have not yet learned this the hard way.
What a nice way to watch a movie! Big comfy seats,Waiter service and refillable popcorn! It was great!
Pros:
- Comfortable seats, reasonably good pub-style food. 

Cons:
- Too much ambient light for 3-D films - glare on the glasses. 
- Teach the servers how to master the billing system - or get a better billing system - there's no reason in this day and age for multiple checks during a single sitting (film).

Work out the kinks and this is a very viable business. Farrelli's had better food, but AMC gets points for seating.
What a nice way to watch a movie! Big comfy seats,Waiter service and refillable popcorn! It was great! The food was good. I don't think that I can enjoy a normal theatre again.
The dine in theater is an intriguing idea. Unfortunately, here it is so poorly executed, with food below fast food par, but at upscale cost. Seating is hit or miss in terms of the better auditoriums showing the various films. Essentially, you eat in the dark, not seeing how the food is actually prepared & presented. Service is also hit or miss with a bias towards misses. It's a bit more than the cost of a regular movie, but for recent releases, which have the better auditoriums, it can be nice, so long as you steer away from anything but French fries, that are more like Jack In The Box. Though you can get some alcoholic drinks, is it really worth it with places like Merc Bar downstairs from the theater? Dont forget to allow for tipping if youre dining here. All this doesn't touch on the horrible parking situation at this location.GET YOUR PARKING TICKET VALIDATED!!!!

In summary, if you want to see a popular 1st run show upon its release, and can do without the food service experience, it can be nice. Otherwise, avoid it like the plague!

Enjoy :)
We had problems booking through fandango so I really do recommend just using the amc app if you use any app to buy tickets or try your luck at buying tickets when you get there but just a warning you pick your seats that you buy and they are assigned and go fast so don't show up 10 minutes before on the day a movie is released and expect to sit wherever because that won't happen. My husband and I LOVE the cinema suites because the seats are like sofas so we can cuddle up and be comfortable like we are at home. Cinema suites is 21 and up because you are able to order alcohol and fork and screen is 18 and up. We prefer esplanade over a regular amc because we don't have to worry about younger kids disrupting the movie. (don't get me wrong we love kids and have one but its nice to enjoy a movie without interruption) the food here is actually not bad and its nice to eat and watch the movie but with Biltmore so close by I'd recommend just having a nice dinner at a restaurant because here its overpriced for the quality. All in all we come here for the peace and extremely comfortable seats just make sure you get tickets early and DON'T get them in the back because when sitting in the seats the low wall blocks some of the screen, poor planning on their part. Also if you are 21+ just go to cinema suites not fork and screen because fork and screen seats honestly aren't much better than regular old theater seats and cinema suites are seriously like private couches. Anyway, with all the fancy additions it is more than a regular theater but its only $12 and regular theaters are $9, the seats and privacy are alone well worth the extra $3 not to mention they serve meals and alcohol if you choose to buy any. PLUS if you have the AMC stubs card you rack up points fast here
I am torn about this theater. Yes the seats are super huge and comfy but I am not sure if it helps the movie experience. If you are on a date its really hard to be cozy without acting like you are in bed.

The food is not very good.
I absolutely love the whole dining/movie watching concept. Also the seats are very large and very comfy :)
A very cool concept and if I could give a 4.5 star I would. The ONLY downfall is the ledge covers the very bottom of the screen the higher up you sit. The food prices are extremely reasonable for a movie theater.. Great job AMC!
My husband and I have been here numerous times. The location is decent - I like that the Biltmore/Union shopping center is right across the street. Plus, Fuego Tacos is down below and tasty. However, there isn't much else in this plaza. A few places to eat, but whenever we visit, everything seems dead. While the parking lot can get pretty full, there's never anyone walking around. It's like a ghost town!

My husband and I used to come here more frequently, but when they closed to upgrade to the dining experience, we realized the Desert Ridge location is much closer to us. (We found out they were renovating the hard way. We stopped by one afternoon to find the AMC closed and none of the restaurants were open yet. Again, total ghost town!) Needless to say, we haven't tried the new dining experience but it's on our list. Once we try the new dining experience, look for an updated review!
This is the first dine-in theater I've ever been to, and I love it. For one, the big, cushiony chairs are super comfortable. The first time I came to this theater, about a month and a half ago, I did not realize this is a dine-in theater and was a little surprised to find no concession station in the cinema lobby. At first, when I entered the actual theater for the movie and looked at the menu, I was skeptical. My previous experience with theater food, outside of popcorn, nachos, and soft pretzels, told me that the quality of the food would be low, but then I wasn't pleasantly surprised. The first time I ordered the fire-roasted veggie quesadillas and they were excellent, definitely restaurant-quality. A couple of times I ordered their mushroom Swiss burger and it was excellent. My only complaint is that sometimes when I would ask for a refill for my iced tea and was told that it was coming up, the refill would never appear. Other than this, I have enjoyed my film-viewing experiences here. True, it is slightly more expensive than regular theaters, including the price of admission, but it's a nice change from the regular theater experience. Because of the price, however, I don't go here all of the time when a movie I want to see comes out.
Living in Austin Texas, i am very familiar with the dining movie experience (Alamo Drafthouse).  
So while my wife were in Phoenix on vacation, we decided to see two movies (01/19/2013).  
the chair were very comfortable, and the call button is a good idea (just not well executed - more on that later).  I like the idea that you can reserve your seats, and the fold out "tables" worked very well.

I don't know how exactly this thing is ran, but my educated guess is that each server has a section in several different screens at the same theater all at the same time.  So it is sort of round robin when you will be helped, as the server has other screens they need to attend to.  I also don't know how the server is alerted when I hit the call button, but the response times were different in my two experiences.  In my early movie (11:30 am on a Saturday) our server was Jackson (at least that is what our receipt said, I thought his name was Nick, but he was a tall/slender black male - great server) and he generally arrived within 5 minutes.  (He was also very on top of it as a server).  Jackson delivered the bill with about an hour left in the movie.  To me, that is really early.  I would have almost rather given him my credit card up front, so that my service could have lasted longer (which by the way - means more sales of booze and food for AMC and Jackson).  Getting my bill an hour before the movie ended probably lost AMC ~$15 in extra sales.  When it came time to deliver the bill, Jackson had them all organized and just walked up the stairs and handed everyone their bill - he knew who's bill was who's before he walked up the stairs.

During the evening show that we attended (8:30 pm same day) we had the B-team server: Nick (at least that is what his nametag said - the bill said Graham - which is odd because I wasn't served by a Graham.  Either way, a tall white guy with a Justin Bieber looking haircut).  Nick struggled from the get go.  He was either having a rough day or isn't meant to be a server.  I ordered a beer and some food, and my wife started off with a water.  he asked if we wanted waters for both of us - I said sure.  The food came first (Weird!!!!) then the beer.  Waters never made it.  Nick was a no show, so we asked the runners, who somehow/someway got the message to Nick.  her water (not mine) showed up 30 minutes after we asked for them.  Later she ordered an entree, and it came fine.  After that I ordered another beer and a dessert.  the beer came - not the dessert. Oh yea, it took Nick ~25 minutes after I hit the call button to come answer it.  I almost turned it off... and wish that I did because 10 minutes after that my beer came.  So 35 minutes after I wanted a beer it was delivered to me - I'm sure AMC can do better. Nick came by to hand me the bill and I said that the dessert never came and I wanted to make sure it wasn't on the bill.  he hit himself on the front of his head a la Homer Simpson and said he screwed up and that it wasn't on our bill.  Also, Nick was not organized with his bills - he was in the aisle way sorting out the bills as he was walking up the stairs - disconcerting to the movie goers.  

I'm sure AMC has studied this at length, so they can shoot holes through my theory, but why don't they have 1 or 2 servers take care of just one screen at a time?  It seems like the response time would be much faster (thus you sell more food).  Maybe it isn't fair to the servers or something, but who cares - isn't your guests' experience priority #1?

In general we enjoyed our experience.  the food is good, if not slightly overpriced.  I thought that the beer prices were reasonable, and free refills on soda and popcorn is A-OK with me.  
if they could step up the service they would have a real winner.
I also enjoyed that we could reserve our seats ahead of time - very cool.
I give these guys a HUGE plus for the seating (be warned make sure and get the cinema suites not the fork and screen for a really comfy movie watching experience). I love having the option to lay out in a huge recliner and catch the newest Harry Potter,  but they really need to work on some of their food items. I have tried 5 different menu items and they all needed some TLC from the chef. However you can't go too hard on the food #1 your eating and getting waited at the movies so WOOHOO, and number #2 you can enjoy your favorite glass (or bottle) of wine maybe even a 23 ounce Blue Moon.
Prior to visiting this place I thought the dinner/alcohol/movie concept was a brilliant one....now? Not so much.

Pros: 
-Big Cozy Seats
-Alcohol 
-Food 

Cons:
-The big cozy seats have big huge consoles that make it impossible for one to get cozy w/their movie date (the whole yawn & stretch routine won't fly here fellas)
-Higher than normal ticket prices (up to $5 more)
-Parking is kind of inconvenient (be sure to bring in your ticket for validation)
-Tickets need to be purchased in advance (this cannot be done via gift card)
-Food/Alcohol is somewhat pricey/undesirable ($20 pre-tip for faux chicken fingers and soda) My friend even let an alcoholic beverage go to waste..it was that bad

All in all, I didn't love it. The theater was nice, our server was sweet, and the movie (Warm Bodies) was bomb diggety, but in the future I think I'll skip the extra cost/ inconvenience and resort back to watching films the good old fashioned (eat a delicious dinner elsewhere) way.
Great idea but save yourself $75 and invite yourself over to the house of the buddy who has the nice home theater.  You can bring Chili's takeout since that is about on par with what they serve here.  All told you still save about $30 and you can get by with taking off your shoes and getting really comfortable.
Oh I love this movie theater so much. I just wish it was closer to my house. Whenever I have guests come from out of town, I take them here. I do not tell them why we are driving 45 minutes, and look at their faces when we get to the theater. They are always awestruck!
I have always had wonderful experiences here. Its fabulous. You need to check out the 21+ suites at least once in your life. It will ruin regular movie theaters though! Once you have this luxury, you cannot go back easily. 
I love being able to have a drink beforehand. it can be pretty expensive but it is all about the experience. Having a few cocktails before and during the movie just make it more fun. 
I always order food. It is not the best food around, but again it is about the experience. I love reclining like a queen, and having them serve me food and drink with just a push of a button. I had the thai bang shrimp tacos, I dont recommend them, they were a little chewy. Their pizzettas are really good though. I also like the queso blanco dip, but it can be a little small if you are sharing. My dad said the prime rib sandwich was very tasty. 
Make sure you make a reservation in advance using fandango so you can pick out your seats. The cinema suites can get packed fast, especially if it is a big movie. 

This would have been 5 stars, but they took some of the perks away and it made me sad. If I never had the perks before, I would not have known, but I feel a little jipped every time I leave with out my hand towel, mint, and free sample popcorn. Please give me back my perks!
I'm from Portland and there are several great neighborhood theaters that have been doing this concept for years.  Normally really like the whole dinner and a movie with drinks and all.  Wasn't a huge fan of the experience here at AMC unfortunately.  Service in the theater for dinner was beyond slow.  You press a button for the server and then wait what seems like an eternity for them to finally come.  If you are dying of thirst, you'll be dead and buried before anyone comes to your rescue.  The food was decent though and overall I still like the concept, I just think this place needs to improve their system.
To start off the parking was difficult; make sure to keep your parking pass and get it stamped or you will be forced to stay unless you pay! DEFINITELY make sure to get tickets before coming or you will be stuck in a random seat, you DON'T pick your own seat. Your ticket will tell you where you're allowed to sit (mine being seat c5). The most confusing part  of this obnoxious experience was that there's no obvious signs of where that seat is, so in a dark theatre it gets difficult to navigate. For example the first seat we sat in was, WRONG! The waiter told us to move up two rows, and we did yet again WRONG! Finally we found our seats and they were so close I felt I could touch the screen (if you have epilepsy beware!) After finally sitting down the waiters became  rude due to their supposed inconvenience. We got fed up with the BS, and decided to not completely leave, but eat our food in the lobby instead of wasting the kitchens time. Our waiter was nice about bringing the food to the table; yet the manager got desperate to keep our money. It practically became an argument to see another movie just to not refund (we won). To add to her bitch pile instead of getting new water like restaurants usually she brought us back the water we accidently left. That I'm sure she at least spit in.   


This theatre is great if you don't mind people constantly moving, and the staff is more than happy to be great if you're willing to spend alot!

Overall I can't speak for ipic, but I did not like the treatment at all
I remember I went to this movie years ago when it was just a regular theater. Then I went back about a year ago and saw the changes, it was awesome! They took the iPic concept which I love! We watched The Vow and reclined and got over prices mediocre tasting food. But I still loved it! So I wanted to have my boyfriend experience it as well since he liked iPic.

We went and got tickets for Safe Haven (I'm a total chick, I know) and I didn't care how expensive the tickets were because I knew what to expect for that price...my expectations were shot to tell! We sat in a theater where the chairs didn't recline and were uncomfortable. And it pissed me off even more that they had waiters in there because that's the reason they were over priced. If I'm gonna be in a regular theater, then I have no problem with standing in line at the concession stand. Needless to say, it was disappointing. 

Do yourself a favor and go to iPic.
In credible seats....well worth the the ticket price.  The food is overpriced and some is much better than others.  Nice for going on a date night!
I will preface this review by saying that this is our absolute favorite theater and I cannot remember the last time we saw a movie at a different theater.  

This past Tuesday night, however, was a bust.  We arrived at the theater 20 minutes early so that we would be able to enjoy the preview and movies with minimal distractions.  We didn't see a server until well into the first preview.  

My friend wasn't feeling well and wanted to get a box for her food.  It took 3 requests from 2 different people just to get a box.  It took 2 requests to get a drink refill.  

We told the server in the beginning how we wanted the checks divided and that wasn't done as asked either.  

Like I said, this is our favorite theater and I hope this was just a bad night and not indicative of how things will be in the future.
The dine-in theater at AMC is the PERFECT place to take a date.  With dine-in experiences being 18+ there are no children running around.  The food is the same price as a Chili's and they bring it right to your seat while you enjoy the feature.  I'm definitely going back!
LOVE this theatre. Yes, it cost a little more, but the seats are ten times better (although the cinema suites recline and have a leg rest) and you can have lunch/dinner/wine while you enjoy your movie. The screens are huge so any seat you get is going to be good. I usually come to this theatre if I'm watching a movie alone and don't want to be bothered (seats are usually in pairs). I do take my daughter here to watch kid movies (you can only take them in Fork&Dine), but I love it because they have kid's meals and unlike a regular theatre you don't have little kids banging on your seat or screaming. Everyone is rather well behaved. For this, I definitely pay the extra $2 or $3 to watch a movie here.
OK, let me start by saying that my preferred Theater is Harkins... I am a very 'thrifty' person and rarely we go out without using a coupon or some kind of promotional prices.
I buy Harkins tickets in bulk and I can take a family of 4 to the movies with popcorn and drinks for $30-34.

That said, we occasionally go to AMC, and each and every time I cannot believe they can get away with those prices, particularly the concessions, not offering regular student discounts, etc...

However, I understand that you get what you pay for, and for some this is the place and environment they want regardless of the price.

Back to the actual review : )

* Hubby drinks industrial amounts of diet coke, so the small glass cup that we got when we got ther was the first... "what?" It looks and feels like a bar.. (is it a bar?) so it seems appropriate to tip your server, so for more than we were expecting to pay we got a glass full of ice that hubby finished in a couple of sips : P

* Once we were seated, it seems it took a long time for a server to come and take our order... perhaps like 30 minutes or so?

* I didn't think the menu options were that attractive, someone in a review compared the place to Chili's and I kind of agree with that... I am not a big fan of Chili's though...

* We decided to share a chicken/chipotle quesadilla... which was good and the portion was generous. If you ask me, the sauce was a little too sweet, but oh well... It was OK.

* It seems to me the dish comes with a side (chips were pictured), and while taking our order our server asked "Chips or fries?", at the end we had an extra charge for choosing fries. I understand if there is a charge, but I believe servers should make you aware at the time you place your order. Something like... "It comes with chips, would you like fries for an additional charge?"

Up until this, it would have been 3 stars, but...

*I didn't think the seats were that comfortable... they didn't seem to recline and the angle was kind of weird.

* Honestly, I thought the place was nasty. The small tables have some metal pieces and are not flat, obviously this makes them tricky to clean but that is not an excuse. They had marks of being poorly wiped, there were crumbs on my area, even garbage and a cherry stem in my cup holder... 

* Over 30 minutes - Over 30 minutes it took for my husband to get a refill for his drink...

* And, my pet peeve... pop corn bags were not full, they were about or more than an inch below the edge or the bag. Argggghhh...

* This must have been a very nice and impressive experience when everything was brand new... not now, not for us.

Disclaimer - I attended a free screening here, so I did not really get the 'full price paying customer' experience, however, I think that should not make a difference. OR even worse, I would be even more disappointed if I had to pay admission on top of what we spent.

On the bright side, this area is very nice to go for a walk after your movie, if you go on the evenings : )
I love the esplanade for many reasons. First of all, if you go to a movie before noon the tickets are 6 dollars. That is quite the deal for the amazing service and atmosphere they offer. The seats are as comfortable as they get and the regular priced tickets are still only 12 dollars. The food is not phenomenal but it is good if you are just looking for something to munch on during your movie. I would recommend this place to anyone. I don't think I can go back to a regular theater!
Out of all the dine-in theaters we have in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area  I do take preference to this one due to price and service. iPic is awesome but extremely overpriced, and the rest are a dud.  

I love having the cinema suites with 21+ only to avoid children and crying babies which is often the culprit of a ruined movie experience.    The drinks are a little expensive, but I wouldn't expect any less at a dine in theater. I've definitely paid more for a cocktail in Old Town,    The food is served in fair portions, but as stated in other reviews the menu is like a Chili's. Their Parmesan fries are ridiculously good!   Service is always fast and attentive, staff overall is great.  

We will be back for other movies!
My guy is crazy about these upscale theaters and I know why. Dinner and drinks during a movie is an excellent concept and I'm all for it.

We chose our seats online, no need to wait in line early to get those perfect seats - just order ahead. The theaters are less crowded and have leather recliner seats with tables. I was completely comfortable.

We ordered a seafood appetizer platter that included lobster. This is not your average fare, yet the prices were equal to a restaurant dinner out. I was throughly impressed with our waiter service.

I went for the Mango Margarita, while my guy stuck to beer. We decided to switch up our second round and ordered Rum Punch drinks. All in all, these were great drinks that I would have loved anywhere...but in a movie, awesome!

So now that I've been to these fancy Dinner Movie theaters, I am really hoping they will open one up close to home.
I don't get it.  Why are people so taken with the idea of dining while watching a movie.  I'm supposed to tip on top of the ridiculous prices??????  No way.. not going back ever.  Just to add insult to injury.. I was charged for items I didn't even come close to ordering.... so aggravating!!!  Of course I signed off on it being that I was sitting in a DARK THEATER and couldn't see properly -_-
esplanade 1
me 0
Okay... I reeeeeeally want like this idea. It would probably work if patrons exhibited any shred of common decency. However, seeing as how Mr. & Mrs. Douchebag can't figure out how to get to the theatre on time I guess I shouldn't expect them to whisper their order to the waitress while the movie is running. I also probably shouldn't expect them to not get drunk during the movie either. Since you get both full restaurant & bar treats served directly to your movie seat, rude people easily forget they aren't watching the movie in their home alone. I've gone twice & there was just too much noise for me to relax & enjoy the movie. That having been said, the staff has been really helpful & friendly & the seats are pretty awesome.
For all the nay-sayers of AMC, let me make a suggestion: get the Stubs card. It's like $8 for the year. Every time you spend $100, you get a $10 reward. So if you think the Esplanade is too expensive, you're basically getting a 10% discount.  Also: nothing will EVER be as good as what we expect. Suck it up. If you don't like the service, food, or drinks, ask for a manager.

I've had a couple of less than perfect experiences here, but when dealing with the general public, you've got to be prepared to cut them a little slack. It doesn't matter where you go.

The Strawberry margarita is awesome. Free refills on drinks (soda) AND popcorn. I get the breadstick sampler regularly (swapping alfredo sauce for marinara; tastes better with the pizzetta strips). Decent burger. Quesadillas rock.

If you have the choice, Cinema Suites with the full recliner seats are the best!
for frequent movie goers this theater might be a different experience. large seats, usually quieter than other AMC's
This is the only place I now watch movies. Its clean, good food, great drinks, good service and no screaming babies. It's pricey but I'm willing to pay it so I can enjoy watching the movie instead of wondering when the kid behind me will stop kicking my seat.
I loved it here the chairs are sooooooo cozy! They recline and all!!! ahhhhhhhh!!!! The food is pretty decent and the wait staff are like ninjas they just show up at the right time. 

If I had to have a downside it's that the table in the theatre is slightly awkward and I say that looking for something wrong. 

The decor is nice love the bar that greats you when you walk in. It is really a great place total bonus if your looking for a date but don't wanna invest the time for dinner and a movie (hey it's like that sometimes lol)!
Super busy today (Mother's Day...go figure). Took a while for my server to take my order.

Chose the breadstick sampler (2 soft breadsticks and 6 pizzetta strips with queso blanco and marinara which I switch for alfredo sauce).  Got 4 sticks and no pizzetta.  Turns out--no pizzetta.  Ended up just keeping the breadsticks because my movie had already started and I was hungry.

Ordered a frozen strawberry margarita (these are so good!), but got it on the rocks.  Sent back.  Took about 25 minutes to get the drink, which was ordered before the food.

Again, I get that it was busy for a Sunday night.  But a little heads-up from the kitchen to the wait-staff about the pizzetta would have been helpful.  It's also nice to get your drink BEFORE the food when you have to drive.

Still love it here, but I'll be extra-cautious about when I go.
$16.20 for an adult ticket and parking is roughly $12.  The theatre is nice, but you can get the same thing at Studio Grill (minus the over priced ticket and inconvenient parking).
Great way to see a movie,awesome recliners and great service  ,drinks and dinner should be more of these theaters around!!!!!!!
Love this venue. Its in a great location next to the best shopping venues in Scottsdale and the theater is never crowded! You get friendly servers and a descent menu selection. 

I went here for the first time with some of my girl friends to see Side Effects! Loved the movie very hot and sensual! Its an awesome spot for a date night too. I will definitely be back!
Maybe I was just there on an off night, but my experience here was not great. They have the potential to be a great place, but the staff just seemed overwhelmed (or maybe just over worked. 

We had a couple drinks at the bar, which was fine. Then we went to the theater to see out movie. Nice big comfy seats (so much potential). We put in an order for drinks and an appetizer. The service was slow, there were 2 servers, and I think they were serving multiple theaters. We got our drinks but our appetizer never came. Our appetizer was on the bill, which we had to track down the server to have it removed. At the end of the movie there were many people from our theater standing around waiting on issues to be dealt with (incorrect bills mostly). By the way the drinks and food were a bit overpriced for what you got. 

Another server also took my parking ticket to be validated, but never returned it ($16 to park with NO ticket). We tracked him down, and he couldn't find it, but he was nice enough to go down to the parking garage and use his employee pass to let us out (shout out to Joe!).

I would give the place a second chance, but I would not go out of my way to go there. I hope it was just an off night!
Ok so this is how we should watch movies ALL the time! Once you've experienced this theater going back to a regular AMC or Harkins Theater feels like such a downgrade. lol. 

I've only been here twice but I seriously love it! The fact that you get the whole Dinner AND a movie experience is amazing. You can't go wrong with comfortable reclined seats and your food and drinks being brought to you. I brought my boyfriend for the first time and at first he was pretty iffy about it and upset that I paid so much for our tickets. But once we got in and sat down he changed his mind about it immediately and loved it! lol. Plus I love saying I told you so. =P

The staff is always extremely friendly and quick at serving you. I think the food and drinks are a bit over priced but you really pay for the experience of the theater I think. I got the bacon cheeseburger which I thought was a bit dry and needed some type of sauce to it. I'd liked to try the drinks next time I come. 

Soo.. if you haven't been here? GO! You might feel differently about going back to Harkins after this experience. =)
The theatre itself is great! Comfy seating, and who wouldn't like their food delivered to them during the movie!

The food is good - it is rather pricey, but everything I've ordered has been great! The two different pasta bowls (one chicken and one shrimp) are GREAT!! You could also just order drinks and popcorn/candy to keep the bill low.

The first two times I went there the staff was VERY nice. They greeted you at the door and offered to help find your seat. The last two times I've been, the service was dreadful! I'm not sure what changed! 

The first time our waitress was fairly rude and I'm pretty sure they did not get our order in. We were quite a ways into our movie (and everyone else had been served) before our food came - and we had to ask our waitress who assured us it was on it's way (it arrived 15 minutes after that!)

Our visit today was the worst! We bought tickets online so we could pick our seats, and we arrived 40 minutes early. We were in our seats 30 minutes before the movie started, and we weren't even offered drinks until 2 minutes before the movie started. Many other people were seated and served, while we waited. We both pushed our buttons, and nothing. The waitress was nice when she came to take our order, but we were pretty put off at that point. It's a real pain to get there so early and be completely ignored! And there were lots of servers just standing around outside which was annoying! 

It has such good potential, and was great the first couple of times, but seems to have really gone downhill. I hope they get better servers and turn the place back around! We're going to try one of the other dine-in theaters next!
We like coming here for dinner and a movie and we sometimes bring family and/or friends. The seating is pre purchased and assigned, and very comfortable. The food is quite good. We share orders of Parmesan fries, and chicken tenders, and bottomless popcorn. The parking is validated, covered, and convenient. Sure you pay a little bit more than you would for fast food and a movie, but the seating, the food and the facility make for a fulfilling experience.
It's awesome to have a movie theater with NO KIDS. It's awesome to have a movie theater where the white trash behind you cannot kick your chair. 

Food: better than any other movie theater around. Chicken tenders are awesome, and when I ask for extra ranch dressing, oh boy do they comply.

This is my favorite theater and I cannot say anything better.
What a great place!  I've been going here for the past year about twice per week.  The facility is always clean and the staff is friendly.  The concept of this theater is nothing but fun. They have a bar located in the lobby with seating if you choose to have a drink while waiting for friends. You can take your drink with you in the movie if you do not finish it.  There are "2" theater types. Fork N Screen permits children where "Cinema Suites" only permits 21 and over. Both serve the same food & drink menu. The Fork N Screen has more seating but the seats do not recline where the Cinema Suites are far more private and the seats recline. I love the little red help buttons next to each seat if you need service, hit the button and voila... they show up! The food is average, the apps are pretty good, and the drinks are fun. There are really good restaurants located in the Esplande if you choose to have dinner elsewhere and then see a movie.  They also validate for parking for 4 hours!  Overall, this is a great spot for a night alone, date night, girls night, or a family afternoon. AMC also has a stubs program ($12.00 year) I use it to earn points and free dollars to use.
Food is insanely good. Would have never expected it at a movie theatre. Have been here a half dozen times, tried different things every time, all amazing. 

Fork and Screen is nice but the Cinema Suites are fantastic. So comfy and can recline. 

Service has always been great! Can go wrong with dinner and a movie all at the same time.

Oh.......and try the waffle dessert. It is to die for :) Bon Apetit
I so wanted to give this theater a higher review, but after three different visits, there are a few reasons I cannot.  First the pros:

1.  The staff are all very friendly, helpful, and attentive.  They have done a great job hiring the right people.

2.  The chairs are extremely comfortable and perfect for sitting for a few hours watching a movie.

3.  There are no little kids crying during the movie like at Christown just down the street.  (It's not their fault their parents bring them to movies that are not at all age-appropriate and they're bored to tears.  Parents need smacked upside the head.)

4.  I feel safe parking and walking to the theater from the parking garage if I want to go to the movies alone.

5.  Did I mention how awesome the staff is?  They really are *that* good.

Okay, now the cons.  This list is shorter.

1.  The popcorn here sucks.  I've tried it twice and it was horrible, cold, and I got a couple of bites that tasted like chemicals.  The popcorn should be spectacular at a high-end movie theater - especially when it costs $8.

2.  The food is mediocre.  I ordered chicken fingers and fries.  The fries were decent, but the chicken fingers were soggy like they'd been microwaved.  Disgusting.

3.  And, last but not least, I've tried a couple of times to drink their iced tea, but it's the worst iced tea I've ever had - and it's $5 for a very large glass of it.  Again, there are just some basic things that have to be great.  I'd think iced tea in the summer in Arizona should be good everywhere.  It's pretty bad when the QT gas station down the street has better iced tea - and for only $1.50.  :-/

If AMC can get the quality control sorted out with the food, then this would be an absolutely perfect venue.  It's clean, quaint, and I love the vibe of it very, very much.  I just wish the food and drinks were better quality.
Recently my uncle rented out a theatre at this location to celebrate my aunts 55th birthday! This would be this first time I've been to this theatre since they changed it into the dine-in movies. Lets just say I was very impressed! A few family members showed up early to set things up but when we arrived the staff was already on top of it! We requested to play a short video as soon as all the guests arrived and the staff had no problem accommodating that request. As the guests arrived the friendly staff walked around taking drink orders and quickly returned with the beverages and continued to take orders and help out with anything we requested. After a few minuets of greeting each other we sat down in our huge comfy recliners and started our private viewing of Iron man 3. During the beginning of the film the wait staff walked around taking food orders from the guests, we were given a fixed menu to choose our meals from. We had the option on a chicken quesadilla or loaded potato skins to choose from for an appetizer, and for the main course we could choose from four different burgers or a chicken Ceaser wrap (all options came with a choice or house made potato chips or french fries). I ordered the potato skins as my appetizer and the bacon cheese burger with french fries as my main meal. The potato skins were very good... not amazing but defiantly better that what I expected. Burger and fries were average. 

The bar is pretty expensive... 40+ $ for a bottle of wine? 10+$ for a glass? That's okay if I'm fine dinning but get real... The wine selection wasn't even that great. 

All in all the service was fantastic and the food was better than expected (but not wonderful)... Ill be back.
My hubby heard a few people talking about this movie theater for awhile so for his BDAY I took him there to see "Man of Steel" this past weekend.  The theater is cool but it was getting to and from there through the garage that made the experience a little frustrating.  Those signs are not helpful.  Well, at least, don't do what we did.  We took the elevator through the garage.  I hit the starred button for the first floor and the thing shot up to the sixth floor and just sat there.  After about a minute, we panicked.  We hit a bunch of buttons and still no movement.  Finally we had to call security.  This went on for a good 10 minutes.  Finally, I hit another button and it took us to the basement.  Not sure if security came or not cause when we got out, we ran for it.  Coming back we were able to see our car from where we parked on the Gila Monster level but getting to it was like going through a maze.  It felt like a Twilight Zone episode where the stairs never take you anywhere.  It was like an endless climb.  Like I said, the theater is way cool but the directions need to be more direct.
Make sure you double check your bill. Two people in our party had incorrect bills. Great concept but a redbox and a Papa Murphy's pizza is about $80 cheaper.
Must say this is the only way I'll be watching movies from now on. What a great experience. Seats are large and comfortable and well spaced. The Cinema Suites are the best, I just wish they had all the theaters like that.

Only downside is the food is average. Besides that, I would highly recommend.
Alright, I tried this theater one more time and am so glad I did.  It was a very different experience this time so I have to update my review.  I went with my boyfriend to see The Heat (which was awesome, too).

The popcorn was spectacular this time!!!  I was so excited and it tasted so good that I ordered a refill.  Woo hoo!!  I did not order the unsweetened tea (which wasn't good the two times I previously ordered it), but instead ordered the sweetened raspberry tea.  It was also very good.  And, just because we were uber hungry, we ordered some of their parmesan fries from the appetizer menu.  They were amazing.  I mean, they were really, really amazing!

Everything about this movie experience was wonderful and exactly what I've been wanting all along.  Thank you to AMC for correcting the former issues and making this the 5 Star experience I've been wanting.  I'll be back again and again.
Since experiencing dine-in theaters, watching movies isn't the same unless it's dine-in.  You don't have to necessarily order food - but what's so great is that you pretty much pay the same price you would pay at a regular movie theater, only difference is you don't have to rush and look for seats.. you already have a seat assigned to you.
I am a huge fan of this idea, it cost about the same as if you went to a movie and dinner at a place like chili's or TGIF.  The food is very good and the seats are so comfy you will never want to go to a regular theater again.
This theater is amazing. I love being able to go to the movies, be comfortable, have some drinks, and best of all have no screaming children ruining the movie. Love this place
I don't know if it is because it's a full moon, or a Monday night or what but tonight it was difficult for me to enjoy my movie because on our right, a couple guys brought their own carrots and on our left, a couple not only brought their own crunchy snacks but also bottled beer...yes bottles of beer! And to top it off, they were smoking off electric cigarettes that each time emitted a blue, LED light and an awful, sickly smoke. REALLY? AMC management really sucks at this location if they are so BLIND and other sensory impaired that they don't see this abuse. And here we are paying all this money not just for tickets but to buy their expensive mediocre food and wine only to be assaulted by this experience. EPIC FAIL AMC.
I love this place.the seating is awesome and it really feels like a night out when you can watch a good movie, be comfortable , have tons of leg room and get some amazing mac and cheese all in one place.It is a movie experience thst will make you wonder why all theaters arnt this way ...dine and watch!
Great movie house!!

I love my movies and nothing is better than being able to lay back in the CINEMA SUITES ordering dinner while you watch a good movie. The service was solid. All servers have always been really helpful and polite. 

The food options on the menu remind me of and Applebee's menu. Try the fire burger! Also the parm fries are solid! 

The only downside is when the bill comes. Usually they bring the bill towards the middle end of the movie which is kind of awkward because usually by that time something important is happening in the movie. Other than that its a great place to take a date!
I've gone a couple times and always enjoyed myself. They have two types of theaters, one for only over the age of 21 and the other is for over the age of 18 or with an adult's presence. I've only ever gone to the the one for adults only. The seats are very comfortable and the servers do a nice job bringing food and drinks, but still staying out of the way of the viewing audience.

The food is really good. I'm a huge fan of the macaroni and cheese. It's got grilled chicken and comes with a piece of pretzel bread that's doughy and perfect to dip in left over cheese sauce. My husband likes the jalepeno burger, jalepenos are diced into the meat and fried jalepenos are served on top of it. There is a bar in the front of the theater and the drinks are really good too.

Parking for the Esplanade is validated for up to 4 hours and is easy enough to get in and out of.
I am officially in love with AMC Esplanade!  I love the comfort of seeing a moving in a reclining chair.  I have been to this location several times and I have not been disappointed.  The staff are super friendly and are quick to help.  The last time I was in to see Wolverine, my chair would not recline.  A Manager came over and tried to resolve the problem.  Unfortunately the chair could not be fixed but I was given two movie passes for my next visit.  This didn't ruin my movie experience.  

AMC Esplanade has a great menu with lots of items to choose from.  They have the usually candy, popcorn and Coke.  But they also have a full menu that includes appetizers, sandwiches, pizzas, desserts and a full bar.  The Thai Bang Shrimp appetizer is a great bit for the movie.  This order has crisped golden shrimp with a zesty Thai bang sauce.  I don't know what this sauce is but it's delicious.  They offer the Thai Bang Shrimp Taco and they come with chips and salsa.  I recommend the Thai Coconut Chicken Tenders and add the Parmesan fries.  The tenders will come several sauces but the Thai coconut red chili glaze was my favorite.  

The prices are a little higher than a regular theater but you pay for what you get.  If you want to see a movie in comfort, I highly recommend AMC Esplanade.  The price is worth the comfort.
Worst food ever my burger was extremely dry there were kids kicking my seat while i was eating and watching a movie severs were pleasant not what i thought it would be ...
VIP Theater the only thing better is iPic

I got to go here on the 12th for the first time while visiting for business.  It was pretty nice. Reserve your seat to any movie in advance and the seats are really comfortable.  The rooms are much bigger than iPic so I like the stadium seating you get with a lazy boy leather seat. I was disappointed they didn't recline but I did like that you could call your waiter anytime where as iPic you have to wait till they come back. 

It's cheaper than iPic for sure.  Over all I had a good experience. It was easy and enjoyable. 

The best thing about any VIP theater is the ability to pick your seat and get your tickets in advance so even if it's a popular sold out movie,  you know your not only going and when but you also know where you are sitting instead of hoping it's not sold out and hoping you get a good seat. Can't beat that, then to top it off really comfy seats and a great experience. No more missing the movie to run to refill your drink or get more popcorn etc... 

If you haven't tried a VIP Movie Theater then you've got to experience it at least once!
This is the best movie theater ever. We usually go see movies in the cinema suites if available. Basically you get to watch from the comfort of a la-z boy that reclines. It's also great that there are servers who bring you food and booze. My only complaint would be that the food is not spectacular, but who cares. Just fill up on beer. I'm not sure I can ever go back to a regular theater.
I love this theatre because it is for adults only. This makes a simple date night into more of pleasant experience because their are NO babies, young kids, crying or screaming!  Man....and they sell angry orchard!  Gluten free alcohol sipping boy I was. 

I will say if you can avoid the spoon and fork theatre.  The better one is the other theatre because the chairs are bigger and they recline without touching the person behind or in front of you.  

Happy viewing!!!
Definitely not your average theater and it doesn't have to be expensive if you can figure out when the cheap shows are.  Too bad the website is confusing and it's hard to figure out. I ended up just hovering over the times and saw different prices ranging from $6.75 - $17. Guess it doesn't matter if you've got the cash flow but I'm a student and would save this place for a special night out.  Harkins student tix are always $7. Free 4 hour parking with validation.

The theater is very clean and there are large screens, even in the small auditoriums.  The seats are pretty comfortable but are arranged in sets of two. Every 3rd person will feel a bit away from your group because the extra armrest/service-tray thing.  It's a good concept to have food but I found the smell of others eating to be annoying when I wasn't hungry.  The light next to each seat bothered me a lot and I used a menu to cover it up.  Servers coming in and out of the room during the movie was also disruptive for me, especially when they made wrong deliveries and had to find out who ordered what. And there were definitely kids running around the lobby. Kids aren't not allowed; they just need to be with an adult.  

If you wan't dinner and a movie, go out somewhere where you can actually see your date and have a conversation. I'll probably be back for the cheapest shows because I like clean theaters... but I don't think it's worth paying extra for.
This AMC is not your typical movie theater. This is a dine in while watching movies cinema. It is nestled on the 2nd floor of the Esplande building off of 24th street and Camelback. Perfect location to do some shopping at the Biltmore Fashion park then walk on over to finish the day off with some food and a great flick. 

The moment you walk in you see a lounge area that is higher class then most movie theaters. There is a full service bar with barstools to eat and drink. There are lounge chairs to chat with friends before the show begins. Besides offering to purchase your tickets online there is a Kiosk are available to avoid the long lines to purchase your tickets if you don't feel like waiting. What is nice is you can choose your seating. They have wheel chair accessibility for those who may need it. The first impression when you come in is always the best but once you walk into your assigned theater room it all goes down from there. To be fair the rooms have comfortable seating. Plenty of room to sit comfortably and move through the theater but the room is not always clean. Every time I have gone to this theater either the floor is dirty or the menus are sticky. I am not always greeted by a waitress either. This restaurant is suppose to be known for serving their patrons this is why patrons pay more to be here but every time excluding once did I have to flag someone down. Last night was the first time I had a great server. I mentioned this to him because I wanted to let him know I was impressed with his service but the food runner who brought our food messed up the whole experience. The first thing was he did not bring out our full order which was two bags of popcorn with butter , one sweet tea and one water. He brought out one bag of popcorn with no butter which he spilled on my friend and the floor. My sweet tea was warm tea with ice in it. The sad thing was he told us he was going to clean it up and she sat the whole movie with popcorn under here feet. Yes, he did apologize for spilling but never came back to clean up. My suggestion for this theater is to work on the service experience. I have an awful experience with the dining portion every time. I believe they get this down the theater will have a better perception to patrons.
Comfy seats, good service, below average food. Don't forget to bring your parking pass to get it validated.
This was my first upscale, premiere dine-in movie theatre experience. It was fabulous, the seats are so comfortable and the servers serve (okay) food and alcohol! There is nothing better than this as long as you are drinking wine during a Jennifer Aniston movie! The theatre we sat in had la-z-boy recliners which you can fall asleep in at any moment. The previous theatre the last time I was here had regular seats, nothing special and paid extra for the ticket. It seems the type of seats vary per theatre so be aware if you buy tickets for a showing.

I don't think I will ever go back to your "typical movie theatre" if I have the option again!
Beer I ordered wasn't cold and the appetizer we ordered never arrived. Makes paying attention to the movie difficult when you're wondering what's up with the service and for the price you're paying this shouldn't happen.
Horrible! 8 dollars for popcorn. You kidding me?  Seating is terrible. The self serve machines in the lobby don't work. Very overpriced tickets. Piss poor food. Terrible candy options. Please read what I am writing and trust me...GO TO HARKINS!!!
Saw a movie here for the very first time last night. Decided to take my friend for her birthday since it looked spectacular from the website and we wanted to try something different. We usually go to Studio Movie Grill so I expected it to be similar...

There were definitely a lot of differences starting with the fact that they don't let you print your tickets from home. You have to pick them up at a kiosk when you arrive which was actually very quick and easy as long as you have the credit card you bought the tickets with on you. Also, they have a specific age rule so that kids under the age of 18 aren't allowed to go there unless they are accompanied by a parent or guardian over the age of 21. What a great rule! 

There was a pretty good sized bar in the front lobby but not a single person was sitting at it. The bar at SMG has always been packed out every time I've gone, so this should have been a red flag. 

About 15 minutes before the start of our movie, we headed into our designated theater. I was really excited until we walked in and there was a horrible stench. To be honest, it smelled like Chuck E Cheese. 

Our seats were great! Smack dab in the center of the room. They were also very comfortable and clean. The problem was it was so dark, we had to squint to read our menus. And this was before the movie! A waiter appeared literally 2 minutes later and asked us what we wanted which was unexpected since I hadn't even pressed the call button yet. We both thought the mac and cheese sounded really good but I ended up ordering a Pizzini which is supposedly one of their "signature items" and she got a bacon cheeseburger. If you get a Pizzini, they charge you 99 cents to upgrade to french fries or else you are stuck with crunchy, loud potato chips. No way was that appropriate for the movie! We also both ordered diet cokes since the alcoholic beverages were way too overpriced and I had already spent $12.75 each on the tickets. 

The food came out really quickly. Almost too quickly to the point where I started to question how fresh it was. The fries were way too salty and tasted like they were from McDonald's. The Pizzini was very dry and bland. Luckily it came with a special dip that was sort of spicy, but still decent. 

After eating half of the Pizzini and half of the fries I was extremely full. Decided to focus on the movie and save the rest of my food to take home for later. However, I was unable to do that because THEY DON'T GIVE OUT TO GO BOXES?!  About 20 minutes before the movie ended I pressed the call button to see if I could get one, but nobody ever showed up. At that point there was still one waitress roaming around collecting people's bills, but she didn't even acknowledge me. I can't believe they would have the nerve to charge $12 for an entree and then not even allow us to take any leftovers home. This was a huge disappointment, but mainly because I hate wasting food. On our way out I looked to see if anyone else had received a box, but they hadn't. 

One of the main reasons why I probably won't go back to this theater was that parking was a huge pain. It's one of those structures where you take a ticket and then when you leave you have to stick it in a machine and pay. At least I was able to get away with not paying since the movie theater validates tickets at the front when you walk in. Just be sure to keep your ticket with you, and not in your car. 

Overall, I was not impressed. Was expecting a first -class experience, but instead received one that was mediocre. I think I am going to stick with Studio Movie Grill since it is cheaper and the food is much better.
my wife and i really like the value proposition ooutIf dinner and a movie in one, and a comfy recliner to eat in.  its way cheaper than the Ipic, and the food is pretty good without being too much.  if the movie isn't any good, just have a few mojitos and you'll feel better about it.  my one gripe in case management is reading this:  they need to clean the menus more often.  They're sticky. 

 Try the Bistro Mac n Cheese.
I dig this place.  I have yet to eat here, but friends who have said its good.  I really like picking out my seats ahead of time and not fighting a crowd on busy weekends.  The popcorn is pricey @ $8.50 for a big bowl with a refill. Come on Explanade, it's popped corn and it costs you 50 cents. You've already got our premium paid for the seat, throw us a bone!
While the theater is nice and their Minute Maid Smoothies are amazing, their food is a disappointment. I ordered chicken strips and ended up getting something that tasted like it was microwaved from McDonalds. C'mon. At least hire some real chefs.
Best theater out there.  Dine-in, assigned seating, comfortable chairs, and no ghetto teenagers talking throughout the movie.  If you want ghetto, head over to Christown theater...
I've been coming to this theater for years and have been a few times since they remodeled and changed concept. Most recently was a few weekends ago to see Gravity... 

The seats are comfortable enough, and I don't really mind the concept of dine and watch a movie - but then again, maybe I do. I've been to a few other theaters with this format, and I guess I find it kind of distracting and annoying with waiters wandering around. I mean, it has its pluses and minuses. 

The food here is okay. In no way is it worth the price you pay, but it's also pretty absurd that regular cheap ass candy is just as expensive here as anywhere else (as others have pointed out), and when proposed next to their "fancy" desserts, the price of a box of Dots is ridiculous. 

So I get that people make mistakes and everyone has a bad day and all that, but while sitting and trying to watch the movie, the waiter carrying a bag of popcorn to someone behind me dumps the entire thing on my lap, and in my drink and all over my pizza. I don't mind so much... I'm just trying to watch Sandra Bullock float in space. However, he apologizes profusely and asks me what I was eating and drinking... I said "pizza and a coke zero." He takes my food and drink away and says he'll bring me replacements. He leaves me covered in popcorn shrapnel.

Half an hour later, I get a replacement pizza... still no drink. I ask him again for a Diet Coke or Zero... about 15 minutes later, someone else hands me a Coke. Nope. Then another guy comes by and sweeps around me. All of this is REALLY fucking distracting while trying to watch a film. I ask someone else for a Coke Zero or Diet Coke... eventually, I get it. 

Then later, the guy bugs me again to give me a bag of popcorn "on the house" - uhh... thanks, but if I wanted popcorn, I would've ordered some in the first place. I get it though - nice gesture. I didn't eat any of it.

Then the bill comes and the movie is over. The bill has 2 pizzas on it. I'm like, "WTF!?" I didn't even ask for a replacement pizza! We sit around waiting for someone to come by and nothing... I get up and go to find my waiter guy and he's disappeared. A girl who may have been a manager asks me what's up and I unload on her all of the anger and rage I had apparently stored up combined with all the tension and intensity created by the film I had just watched. 

She took my bill and said she would remove a pizza... then came back and said to just go ahead and leave without paying because their credit card machines were down. I gave her whatever cash I had on me and split... on the ride home, I decided that was dumb because she probably just pocketed it. Then I figured she probably earned it for listening to me say fuck a bunch of times loudly. Then I went back to wishing I had just left. 

They should've offered me my ticket(s) back and comped my drink and removed the extra pizza and apologized... or maybe offered passes to another show. They could've handled it way better than they did. I mean, spilling popcorn on me isn't even a big deal at all - they just kept making it worse and worse. As it stands, I probably won't be back.

And Gravity was fucking top! It was so amazing, though I probably need to see it again without a bunch of bullshit going on around me.
Seats & floor was dirty with popcorn & spilt soda, movie was 30 mins late in starting
Now that I have experienced the AMC Dine-in Theatre, movie going will never be the same!

I recently saw Gravity 3D in a Cinema Suite, and can say it will be hard to go back to a 'regular' theater:

 - Cinema Suites are 21 and over - no little kids talking, crying or kicking my seat!

 - Assigned seats - huge, comfortable reclining chairs even more cushy than my living room furniture.  

 - Full drink menu - gleefully drinking beer, I felt almost like we were breaking some sort of rule.  Perhaps it was flashbacks to sneaking drinks in to the movies long ago?  :)

 - Food choices - while not the most extensive or fancy menu, it was pretty cool to have Mac n Cheese at a movie.  And it was Good!  The Bistro Mac n Cheese was a generous portion of cheesy pasta with topped with nicely seasoned chicken breast.   So large I couldn't finish it (and I certainly tried!).

Yes, it costs more than a typical movie theater, but it is so very worth it!
Last weekend, I went here to see 12 Years A Slave. Figured I might as well be comfortable in a reclining chair while watching a movie that was going to make me feel quite the opposite.

PROS:
-This movie theater is really nice, which isn't surprising considering the area.
-Assigned seating. No having to get to a movie theater ultra early and risk breaking your neck in the front trying to see the screen. 
-Comfy chairs that recline. It's like being in your own living room!
-It's totally okay to drink here, there's a full bar!
-Because there's a full bar, it's 21 and over! No screaming children..unless you're just a screaming adult. In that case, stay at home and watch a movie. 

CONS:
-Because it is really nice, tickets are a little pricey.
-The upper levels, where I sat, have a railing that is too high. It renders the reclining chair pointless because I had to sit straight up and still struggled to see the entire screen. I mean.. I know I'm like 5'4" but c'mon! 
-Although there's a full bar, it's expensive and makes sneaking booze in more appealing here than a normal movie theater where you can't drink.
-A bowl of popcorn (yes..a bowl, not a bag) is about $8 and only comes in one size. 

Overall, it was an enjoyable experience despite the cons. It definitely would not be my go-to movie theater, only if it was a movie I was really excited to see. 

I can imagine this would be a great first date place, especially if you're the type of person who worries about having nothing to talk about during dinner. No talking required if you're eating dinner in a quiet movie theater! And talk about efficient-if the date's bad it'll be over by the closing credits.
I just love this theater! It's made going to the movies fun again!!

I highly recommend the cinema suites experience if you can swing it... Big reclining chairs coupled with a great theatre food & drink menu, make it the ultimate way to catch the latest flick! (also, the cinema suites are adults only!)

I also recommend buying your tickets in advance online.  If you go to see more than a couple of movies a year, I would also consider joining the AMC stubs program, which waves of the online ticket fee, and gives you money back for $$ spent on tickets and concession items.  It costs $12/year to be a member, but I've made way more than that back in the year I've had it!

Oh and if you've got a sweet tooth, I would suggest ordering the ice cream waffle sundae with bacon bits... Yum! 

TIP: Always remember to bring your parking stub from the garage downstairs up to the theater to be validated!
The waitress sneaks up on you and scares the crap out of you if you arent paying attention. They are ninjas here, or something. 

Besides being served food here, its a typical theatre. Nice big chairs which are comfortable to sit in an enjoy.

I wish the lights next to each seat would turn off because it gets annoying that they stay on during the movie. I like it more dark.

We only went because we had an AMC gift card and this is the closest to us. Otherwise if you dont plan on ordering over priced and visually un-appetizing food, go to another theatre
This place is so awesome that I literally can't stand to see movies at any other theater now.  I feel like I'm in international first class when I sit in the higher end "Cinema Suites."  I feel like I'm in my living room recliner with a server when I'm in the "Fork and Screen."  So basically, it's awesome.  Most comfortable theater in the Valley hands down.  The food and drinks are pretty good, and not insanely expensive either.  I can't stop going back.
This place was amazing.

I was in town for business trip and had a free afternoon. Decided to take the bus down to the AMC. My only complaint, ONLY. No sign to advertise this theater from the ground floor. Me, like an idiot walked around the entire building not knowing the theater was on the third floor of the building. For a non-local it was hard to find.

Once I got upstairs, I found they dont have box offices. Just kiosks to buy tickets. Very self explanatory. Easy. Once I purchased my ticket, an really nice guy directed me to my theater. Made chit chat about where I was from. Great service. In the lobby is a gigantic bar. Filled with booze and beer. I'm from Vegas, I like this bar! It felt like home :)

I asked the guy where I can get popcorn and a drink. He said you just go in the theater and a waiter will serve you drinks and popcorn. What! 'Thats $&^%^ Awesome!' He replied that it is very awesome.

The theater is huge. Very big. it was 4 in the afternoon so nobody was in the theater besides two other people. I ordered wings and a coke zero. Fast service, even got a free refill. Movie sound was great, huge screen. Little chilly in the theater, which is the way it should be :) I'll be back ! Suggesting it to all my traveling friends. Customer for Life !
Super large plush reclining chairs. The wall railing cut off like the bottom four inches of the screen unless i sat straight up. I also sat on the very back, so the wall may be taller back there?

Service was quick and friendly.

Parmesean fries were potent with the parmesean smell and pretty tasty.

This place is comparable to the studio movie grill.... But a bit more intimate.
I recommend this theater to all my friends. Check for seating in the Suites. Its worth it to sit in a recliner and be waited on. I am here twice a week. :0)
Went for a midnight showing... no waiting in line, comfortable seats, it was a great experience. Cinema suites is the way to go!
this made going to the movies fun again!
very comfortable chairs.. spacious.. decent food.
the servers were nice and courteous.  I really enjoyed going here.
will definately come again!
Why haven't I reviewed this place yet?

I've been to about a dozen different movies since Esplanade became a dine-in theater, and every experience has been great. On my most recent visit, the Hunger Games double feature, I was reminded why this place really is a gem: reserved seating. I'd purchased my ticket a month in advance because I'm just that much of a geek.

Typically, I only order water and popcorn unless someone else is paying then I'll order a cocktail and entree. The cost for food really isn't that much more than a nice dinner out, and being able to combine dinner and a movie certainly is swell.
I love this theater.  I love that you get to reserve your own seat in advance.  No more rushing to the theater hoping to find a good seat.  I also love that you have a choice of a 21 or above only theater or general theater.  I do have to say that even in the general theater I have yet to have seen a child or baby.  It's been adults only so far.  The food and service is good.  At one screening the film start was delayed by 15 minutes and without complaint from anyone the manager came and gave everyone in the theater a pass to come back just for waiting.  Very good customer service.
Good! Service might of been a bit slow, but a movie and drinks...sounds good to me!
What a wonderful idea to get food and drinks while I watch a movie. If you have not been here then you have to go at least once. I went and watched the hunger games catching fire. The waiter was excellent in getting me what I wanted and didn't bug me through the whole movie, just the boring parts. :) 

The chairs were comfortable and roomy. I got to choose where I sat. The place was very clean and inviting. Great place to take a date.
I have been here several times and with the exception of my last visit, it has been a great experience (hence 4 stars). The difference between the Fork and Dine and the Cinema Suites is like business class vs. first class. Both are great but ones a little more plush. Food is good, service is good, it's comfortable,fun and a nice way to have lunch or dinner, a cocktail and a movie. I will continue to enjoy going here.
I've been to IPIC, studio movie grill...the other dine-in locations and this place was good. The food was great and the seats comfortable. The staff was professional and parking was easy. They validate parking at the front.
I absolutely love coming here to watch movies. Being able to pick my seat ahead of time and have a cocktail while watching a movie is awesome! The icing on the cake is the 21 and up cinema suites.  The food isn't bad but I normally eat elsewhere before heading here. If you're drinking, go for beer or cocktails, the wine is typically warm and a little overpriced. The beer gets you the most bang for your buck especially if you get a pitcher.
I absolutely loved this theater.
Assigned very nice seat, full bar and restaurant..
They had special Christmas drink and my peppermint snowball was so yummy. It tasted like peppermint and chocolate :)..Food was great too. Enjoyed my dinner.

I would love to come back here for a date.
WOW!!! It's like every seat is first class! There is a server too that comes to check on you. It may bother some people during the movie, so caution on that. There was a food and drink menu and so I ordered the blue moon and was surprised it was served on draft in a cold glass! That's the stuff!!

What I absolutely hated was the parking. It was my first time there and didn't know where to park so I circled around 4-5 times until I parked in the garage. You can have your parking validated at the box office. Once in the garage, it is tough to find the theater entrance. There were no signs and I kept walking toward the amc reflections, but those were reflections! So it was totally the wrong way. I had to ask some strangers where the theater was. 

But now I know where to go, it'll be a lot more enjoyable experience.
Reserving specific seats is nice and the kids serving were polite, but  the rest of the concept and execution doesnt work for me. It's too dark to see menus, trailers are too loud to easily communicate with wait staff (let alone your companion), and  settling tabs during films is inevitably distracting.  

I'm told their Cinema Suites format is more spacious than our "Fork & Screen" option,  but when the 400 pound patron in front of me descended into his Playskool-strength theatre seat - and into my knees with the force of a medium speed car accident, that less than luxurious 'impression' evoked something more akin to "Fuck & Scream" -  I literally blurted "Fuck" and screamed at  the bone cracking pain  radiating from both patellas. 

When I slid over behind fatso's 100+ pound wife, she's banging into me too, so it's not their fault. The seats are just cheap, with lousy springs and they're hard to settle into comfortably.  I was kicked from behind periodically.  All by adults btw.  It's interesting how many yelpers rip kids and seem to feel 'adults only' or food/bev service somehow conveys a first class experience.  To me it felt more like a bad coach flight; cabin lighting's busted and some douchebag's  reclining into your space.
A few things I heart about this theater is:

1) Ability to purchase tickets online, which allows you to reserve seats & avoid lines so you can show up last minute.
2) Comfy seats and some recline...yummy! 
3) Having a server

Areas needing improvement:

1) The food! Oh gosh, if you're going to sell this place as a dine in theater amp it up AMC! In this case simple is better. Go with the classic movie foods: hotdogs, pretzels, roasted almond. Just amp up the quality to differentiate yourselves from the other movie theaters. Make them gourmet classics. Even Ipic got that right! 

All in all it's a fun way to watch a movie, convenient & comfortable but the food makes me miss the classic movie theaters.
It would be cool if the waiters menu tablets signalized with the call buttons, creates a bit of lag waiting for them if they're not around or see your light right away. Otherwise convenient, comfortable and decent menu. Mac and cheese, chicken tenders, etc., and bottomless popcorn!
I don't really see the appeal of this theatre. Yes, you can order food while watching a movie...but the food isn't good, it's over priced, and you have to deal with waiters walking around throughout your movie talking to people and taking orders. Not to mention you have to pay your bill during the last few minutes of the movie...very distracting.  We shared the app trio with fries, jalapeno poppers, and a BLT flatbread....the food all tasted like it could have just as well come out of the freezer, overly salty...nothing special. Additionally, it was awkward to share as I had to reach across the seat to get anything (there's no table between the pair of seats).The seats themselves were fine, but nothing special. My biggest complaint is that the movie ticket price itself is more expensive than other AMC locations....why? To have the ability to order food in the theatre that you also have to pay for? It just seems silly to me. Maybe I'm crazy...but I think it's nice to go to dinner and actually talk to the people you are with before going to the movies and don't think you should have to pay extra to have the option of ordering food.....Anyway, sorry for the rant, if this is something you are interested in doing, I suppose this location is as good as any other, but I wouldn't go again.
Cinema suites! Recliners are the best!  We've gone to a total of 4 movies in the Cinema Suites over 2 visits.  We rarely go to movies when we're home.  

The menu is solid.  Every item we ordered (dessert, drinks, entrees) were good.  

The tickets for the Cinema Suites are a few dollars more, but the experience is worth the extra money.  You get to choose your seats when you purchase your tickets.  Therefore, you don't have to worry about getting to the theater early to get a good seat.  

The commercials and trailers are a bit too long (or maybe I just don't go to enough movies in the theaters).  I'm in the reclined position with a drink in my hand, so I don't mind the extra 15 minutes of trailers.
This is absolutely my favorite place to watch a movie.  The comfy Lazy Boy like recliners are awesome!  The menu selection and food is great.  I love the service as well.  If you have never been, you will absolutely love it and return again and again.
The only way to watch a movie, this is the best movie theater in Phoenix, little costly but worth it for watching a movie while seating in a reclining lazy-boy and a full bar and the food is pretty good..
The place is nice, a little messy, but it is a lot nicer than most dine in movie theaters. The food is overpriced and nothing like what is shown on the menu. Expect fast food quality food for twice the cost.
Came for a 2nd time! HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE! Ordered 3 drinks durning the previews, received them 45 minutes later. The comped the overpriced stale popcorn, so that was....a try. iPic is still the place, but this place gets 1 more shot from me. Sink or swim, its up to them......
Very fun experience -- we ordered the white cheese nachos, and they were pretty yummy. I thought the ticket prices were very fair. I'm giving it four stars instead of five because I thought the wine was pretty overpriced. Come on, people, more than fifteen bucks for a glass of Cupcake malbec??

Even so, we had a good time. We'll definitely come back if we're in the Phoenix area and want an out-of-the-ordinary movie-watching experience.
Love the chairs and the screen experience.

Parts I don't like: While at the bar I noticed the bar back drop some clean cups and water pitchers on the floor as he opened a cabinet. I watched to see if they would clean them after, but they didn't. They took them and filled them with water to be used in the movies. This kind of grossed me out. For god sake if it touches the floor it shouldn't touch your mouth! If I were the manager I would have made those kids use a cup I had just put on the dirty floor.

Alcoholic drinks are really expensive considering how much ice they put in the cups, food and soda is only slightly expensive considering you are in a movie and soda refills are free. My girlfriends mojito didn't taste good at the bar, but the bar tender agreed to add more syrup to correct the flavor.

I would go back, but hope they increase their sanitary standards and lower cocktail prices.
Was so glad when I found out about this place because I love the Cinema Suites! It is similar to iPic but way less as expensive and just as good, in it's own way. Love how you press the button for service if you want to order and the great seats that recline. The only downside was that the wall in front of us kind of blocked the screen when you reclined the chair. Other then that, love it! I can't go to a regular theater anymore!
It's a nice theatre, with comfortable reclining seats. There is unfortunately one major
design flaw. When you recline even slightly, the panel in front of you blocks the bottom 1/4th of the screen. So I didn't recline the whole movie which defeats the purpose. Still better than a regular theatre, but not as nice as the ipic due to the design flaw.
I only go to this theatre for Cinema Suites--Fork and Screen is sort of a lackluster (but still expensive) time. 

That said, I love the recliners and the wine has always been good.  
The food, however, is TERRIBLE.  Just tonight, I ordered truffle fries... and they were barely lukewarm.  Also, I was one of about 6 people in the theatre so crowd/wait time could not have been a factor.  Sigh.
Ok so if you sit in the top row you cannot see the whole screen. The wall blocks the bottom 1/3 of the screen and they know it. Poor waiter knows about the problem and did all he could but in the end it's still bs. Premium cost for sub par seats. Be warned this place sucks for watching a movie. Go to arrowhead instead it works.
I'm still exploring my new neighborhood and thought I'd check out my local theater. I looked up movie times online beforehand, but had no idea what I was getting in to.

When I bought my Saturday afternoon ticket, I was a bit thrown back by the $16.50 ticket price. Unless that comes with a full body massage during the movie, seems a bit steep. The young man at the counter explained how everything worked and asked me to pick out my seat from his screen. He printed out my ticket and I was on my way.

I had no idea what to expect from this point.

As soon as you get your ticket, you can head right over to the bar in the lobby and get yourself a nice frosty adult beverage. I was already short on time so I didn't get a chance to visit the bartenders.

I walked to the theater, turned the corner and was stunned by the rows and rows of huge recliners! I had no idea! I found my seat amongst a spicy group of older single gals and told them it was my first time here and I didn't know what to do. They pointed to the cocktail menu.

That's right my friends. You can order booze. From your recliner. At the movies. AND someone brings it to you. 

Nestled under my drink menu -- full bar by the way -- was the food menu. Wait, so now you're telling me I can have someone bring me beer while watching a movie AND I can have a cheeseburger? Wow! I ordered my burger and onion rings, which were spectacular, and told the waitress she'd have to pry me out of that seat to get me out of there afterwards.

It's a bit pricey, but totally worth it. Makes a perfect date night too. Plenty of bars right out on the esplanade to grab a cocktail.

I cannot wait to go back!  **hint hint gentlemen!
This is the only way to see a movie in my opinion.  I've been there twice, and love it.
it's not as expensive as I had expected.  Great for date nights, or company outings.
I will inevitably return to this place since it is the closest theater to me, but now I know what to expect for next time. I got an aisle seat and ordered some grub. I picked some coconut tenders, thinking they would be an easy finger food during the movie. At $13 (and another extra $1 for my truffle fries), I was very surprised that the tenders were just like longer versions of chicken mcnuggets and I didn't bother eating them. The truffle fries were pretty good though my waiter didn't seem to care that what I thought of the tenders either. Also, they charge you the regular movie theater price for coke - around $5. I figured at $5, it would come in a big cup like regular movie theaters or whatever. Oh, no, it comes in a restaurant sized coke glass filled to the top with ice and very little soda. They sometimes give you refills. I say sometimes because around 40-50 minutes before the movie ended, my waiter asked me if I wanted a refill. I said sure. 20 minutes later when he brought the check, he said it was "coming soon", but I never got it. I don't mind returning to watch movies, but dinner is another story.
had watch Ride Along with my date. Its upscale I get it but even for Upscale its ridiculously high priced. Popcorn is 8? Seriously? Skip it and order food. My shrimps were cooked to perfection. Drinks on the other hand were over priced. Next time ill try the recliners and see what the fuss is about. I really use to like Studio Movie grill until they decided to change their menu and got rid of all the good items. Never going there for sure.
We live in Glendale, so this theater isn't exactly our local neighborhood theater. When we go here, it's planned out in advance and not very often. We've been here twice. The first time we used cinema suites and the second time "fork and screen." The first time was amazing, but then again if you're in a recliner drinking wine watching a movie can you find anything bad with it? 

We went back a second time a few weeks ago, this time we ended up in the fork and screen theater. I was disappointed this theater didn't have recliners, but that was my fault for not checking. In my opinion, I would exclusively use this theater for the cinema suites option. Never doing fork and screen again. We had a family sitting by us with a toddler that seemed to not realize they weren't in their own living room, and allowed the child to make all kinds of noise and ruckus throughout the movie. I'm not sure how the staff didn't hear this, because I sure did, but who knows, maybe they did and they just didn't want to say anything. I know I sure wouldn't in this whole "kiss the customer's ass" world we live in. 

I emailed the manager after we got home and told him about our experience and he apologized and said he'd talk with the staff about how to handle incidents like that. 

Either way, if you go to this theater - cinema suites, all the way. They're 21+,  no exceptions which is great if you're like me and it bugs you when people bring kids into not kid appropriate movies.
Oh my God, the service is horrible. As I write this, I have been here 20 minutes in a half-filled theatre, and no waiter. I was refused service at the bar, not because I was underaged, but because I was buying a drink for my wife and me, I was supposed to bring her ID along.

Do yourself a favor: drive the extra miles to iPic Theaters. Better facilities, better service.
Very nice movie theatre. I didn't order any food, but I did order an Angry Orchard Cider on tap which was perfect! Our server was Jason and he was one of the nicest people I've encountered at a movie theatre. He was very prompt and somehow said everything with a smile. 
The reason I didn't give another star is because the seats were a little uncomfortable. I'm fairly tall with long legs and any time I repositioned myself I would accidentally kick the seat in front of me. I'll pay more attention to where the seats are located to check for more leg room next time.
There was no server available at all this is happened three times we were only two people in the whole theater do yourself a favor and go to Harkins instead
Love this place - Definitely prefer the Cinema Suites to the Fork and Screen.  At Cinema Suites you get a full on horizontal recliner!  It is an amazing way to watch at movie.  I would definitely recommend buying tickets in advance, sometimes it sells out or you will have trouble getting two together.  The food is pretty good - mostly just regular ole stuff like chicken fingers, salads, burgers, etc.  There is also an alcohol menu.  As I expected, the food and drinks are pretty pricey, but it's worth the splurge when you are going for a big night out to the movies.  Definitely unique and super comfortable way to watch a movie!
I love this theatre. The first time my husband took me there as a surprise I was so impressed! The Cinema Suite are amazing. Each person has there own extremely comfortable recliner. I have had many meals here and the food is pretty good. The big bonus about this theatre is that they have alcohol! It is so fun to enjoy a beer or cocktail as you recline and watch a movie :) It is a bit more expensive than other theatres, but so very worth it! Especially for a treat.
If I could give separate ratings for the movie theater experience and the restaurant/bar experience, I would give the theater a 4 star rating and the bar/restaurant a 2 or 3 star rating. Here's why:

The movie theater is probably my preferred choice in the Phoenix metro area. Christown? No freakin' way. I don't want to get shot on the way to my car. Tempe marketplace? Not unless you want to watch 17-year olds make out in every row. Arizona Center, nope. Not there, either.  

The theater is pretty clean, and paying the extra two bucks to sit in giant, reclining chairs, have an assigned seat, not deal with kids talking, etc. is totally worth it, IMO. I can just purchase my tickets online and avoid having to wait in line or the possibility that the showing will be sold out. Genius.

Parking is in an attached garage and is free when you remember to validate.

Honestly, the only negative thing I really have to say about the theatre itself is that every time I go into a restroom there, the first stall is always out of tp. Always. Sometimes the second, too. The bathrooms seem to be cleaned and maintained regularly, except for this detail, which kind of turns into a big detail when there are twenty women waiting in line for the bathroom when the movie gets out. It must be the Murphy's Law of movie theatre bathrooms. Ugh. 

The bar/restaurant is mehhh. If it were just a stand alone restaurant, it wouldn't be anywhere I'd frequent for the food itself. Think an above-average Applebee's. But having the option to actually order real food (and DRINKS!) in the theatre is pretty neat. The waitstaff always does a good job of not being disruptive during the movie, and are usually very friendly. Candy/soda/popcorn can also be ordered, at pretty typical movie theatre prices. But again, not having to stand in line with 50 other people for a package of red vines and a sprite makes it SO worth it.

Lastly, there are two theatre types. Cinema Suites and Fork & Screen. When you go online to check showtimes/purchase tickets, it shows you what type of theatre every particular showing is in. There's usually some in each type of theatre for each movie. This is where it gets kinda weird-fork and screen is fine, I would still come here if that was the only type of theatre. Still a comfy chair in a way better theatre. But after sitting in the cinema suites, you won't want to go back. Huge seats (that recline! woot!) and way more space in between the groups of seats. Because the last thing you want is to be sitting THIS CLOSE to a stranger who's apparently never eaten a taco before and loves to elbow bump all movie long.
You can't really beat this theater for a great movie experience.  Here's what you need to know:

1.  You park in the back (I believe its off of 24th st).  Get a ticket from the parking garage and then have it validated before you leave.  The parking is free!
2.  If you exit the parking garage on the 1st floor, you need to take the escalator up to the second level.  This threw me off the first time.
3.  You can purchase your ticket and reserve your seat head of time!  This is great for opening weekends.
4.  There is a full menu and drink list.  I'm still a sucker for the popcorn though!
5.  Saturday afternoons are more inexpensive than evening shows - something to keep in mind if you are on a budget!
6.  The seats are big & comfy and have a little side table for your food drinks!
First of all, the parking is difficult. I've only been to the Esplanade a couple of times before, but there is so much "reserved" parking, that it's difficult to find a visitor space, much less park anywhere near the theater. I do however appreciate that AMC validates for a 4 hour time frame, so that easily covers the movie/dinner experience.

We stopped by on Monday, for an 11:15 am showing. Got in pretty fast, got seated, had our meals picked out by 11, pushed the buttons and by 11:10, still no waiter. My husband went out looking for someone, there was no one in sight. Finally, just a minute before the movie was to start, the waitress hurried in and said there were 4 movies starting at the same time and only 2 people in the waitstaff. From there, things didn't get a lot better: they mixed up our drinks (easily solved, we switched). They mixed up our food (in the dark, we never did figure out whose was whose, since we both picked a different quesadilla) but it tasted ok. I tried to get a refill on my iced tea, but that took another 15 minutes. Ultimately the only thing that moved quickly was the bill.

My experience with dine-in theaters is limited to Scottsdale's Studio Movie Grill. Their food isn't that great, I would say AMC Esplanade is much better in that regard. Esplanade is also cleaner, but hands down SMG has better service. I might try Esplanade again to see if this is a weekday thing, but I feel that a business should be consistent.
I love this place! The customer was amazing for a first time impression for my family & the food was very delicious. I'll be back for my next's movie. Great job!
Amazing place. We are from Washington so this was our first AMC experience and it was excellent. Love how you just push a button on your seat and the server brings you everything. The wait on the popcorn was a little long comparative to getting our other food and drinks. They even validated 4hrs of parking from the garage.
Absolutely one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a movie theater. My boyfriend and I decided to see a 10PM movie on a Thursday evening. Theater was full and they had one server taking care of all the guests. We are both in the service industry, there for we don't mind having to wait for an order to be taken when we know someone is busy, or when a mistake is made on a bill. However, all we ordered was ONE cherry coke and a water. Hmmm, about $4, that's fine! Get our bill, and we are charged for 3 drinks and a $9 popcorn. Not us, so I asked the waitress to please change it. She comes back and now the cherry coke is taken off, we are still charged with two drinks that we did not order, and the stupid popcorn. A wreck to say the least when everyone is trying to sign their bills and give them to the server who is nowhere to be found. We finally let her know, and she grabs a manager, awesome! Then the 12-year old looking young "manager" comes over to us, "oh ok I'll take those off and your coke will be $4.75" WHY would we pay for a coke when you did not even ask us what was wrong? Very unprofessionally handled by her, although the server did the right thing to grab a manager. We were not happy that we weren't even given the time of day to explain what happened, and still had to pay for a drink that costs the theater probably 10 cents to provide. It is noisy, you hear everyone clinking their plates and forks around, the servers are always in your face with an iPod looking ordering system that has a brightness level of 1000% and obviously the managers could give less than a s*** about any problem you have. Needless to say we will NOT be back.
I really enjoy coming to this theater for a little "treat yo' self" as a fun alternative to a regular theater. We like to grab seats in the cinema suites if we can - there's nothing better than feeling like an extra in wall-e as you recline in giant red leather chairs pushing a button for someone to come wait on you as you enjoy fine theatrical entertainment. It is straight up American relaxation. 

The drinks are pretty delicious - I would suggest the electric lemonade or the southern slammer. I think my only complaint is the food. For $12 chicken fingers, I would expect more than pre-formed frozen chicken strips that I could get in a high school cafeteria. But I will forgive the chicken strips. Because lounging in those comfy chairs instead of praying someone doesn't sit in front of me in a regular theater with a drink in my hand is totally worth the extra $5 in my world.
I really like this place, I haven't tried out iPic yet so can't compare.  The food is pretty much higher end bar-style food, which is good.  I've been about a dozen times and only had one experience where the food was pretty mediocre.  Likewise only one experience where the service was sub-par.

I would suggest going to the Cinema Suites showings, the seating in the Fork and Screen isn't any better than regular theaters, and you'd be better off having dinner outside the movie if you aren't in the Cinema Suites.  The second comment is they don't tend to show enough variety of films on the Cinema Suites screens.  It has been getting better though.

If I had two wishes it would be that they convert more of the theaters into Cinema Suites and drop the Fork and Screens altogether.  Second would be a bit of a bump in the food, as it stands, it's just below Applebee's or Chilli's, which isn't bad,  I just wish the food was good enough to want to go there for the food.

Advice:
1. Park in the rear, and remember to validate your ticket, do it when you get in the door... it seems like the escalators are down a lot, I'd suggest parking on the 2nd or 3rd floor so you can use the elevator.
2. If you are planning on going to a recent movie on Friday or Saturday, get your ticket online ahead of time.
3. The price for alcohol drinks is relatively higher than restaurant bars, so be prepared for that. Though it isn't quite twice as much or more like soft drinks.
4. I find that the second, and third rows are a bit better for seating... there's a small wall in front of the higher rows that in my opinion isn't as nice, and when reclining I don't like watching through my feet.

All in all, I keep coming back, I go to the movies 3-4 times a month, and for the past six months at least half of those have been at this theater.
Summary: I am consistently underwhelmed here. For the price, it should be so much better.  The concept is wonderful! And I always have a good time when I go, but the food is only so-so, often cold by the time it gets to my seat, the service is hit or miss, depending on what time and day it is, and it is impossible to get someone on the phone when calling in. Make sure to get reservations a week or so in advance for weekend shows.

Food: I have gotten the tenderloin tips a few times, and sometimes they are good, and sometimes they are too salty and the meat is poor quality. The broccoli is delicious though! When I got the fettuccine alfredo with chicken, noodles were clumped together and the sauce was lacking something.  Very bland.  Anything fried comes out cold, including fish or fries.  Salads are okay, heavy on the sauce though.  Popcorn is unlimited, but when they are busy it takes a long time to get refills.  Same with soda.

On a particular day, I had bought tickets ahead of time, and needed to change them. I got stuck in this awful loop of automated voices kicking me back and forth from their store to the 800 number over, and over, and over again. It was awful.  I spent 20 mins trying to find some sort of corporate number or something and eventually gave up.  Eventually i found a number for corporate, and they informed me that they don't really have the man power to have someone assigned to the phones at the stores. When I am paying $50 for a movie and dinner for one person, they should have the funds for this.

On a particular night where my food didn't come, then it was wrong, and the staff was unsympathetic to my plight, I decided I was done with the theatre.  Then they sent me a survey asking how they did. I filled it out honestly. I received an email with a phone number to the store's manager, so I called.  Guess who answered? That same automated bs loop! I was pissed.  So I wrote Mr. Garcia (the manager handling this) and told him exactly what I thought and that I couldn't call to give him the feedback he wanted.  When he called me back a week later, he seemed stoned or lazy or something. He was passive and unprofessional.  He said he sent me passes for a free show and I never received them.  That was 2 months ago.

So, in conclusion, I do not go here any more.
Been here 4 times and the food is just great.  Today I had the pizza and it was the best I've ever had. Have not had an avg or bad meal here.  Far better food then most restaurants in town.
PROS: Easy parking, love picking my seats online, comfortable seating (I always do the Cinema Suites), don't have to worry about noisy teenagers/kids, drinks & snacks brought to our seats.

CONS: Unless you're a group of guys who are all 6ft or taller, don't choose seats in the back row or the bottom 1/4th-1/3rd of the screen will be cut off.  The food isn't bad, but it isn't great either.

It's still our #1 date theatre    =o)
**Update:

Went again, and tried the Fork & Screen. The seats are SO comfortable, and worth the extra money! 

The people were very friendly, and helpful. Definitely made up for the discrepancies on the past! Added a star! :)


The theatre itself is great! Comfy seating, and who wouldn't like their food delivered to them during the movie!

The food is good - it is rather pricey, but everything I've ordered has been great! The two different pasta bowls (one chicken and one shrimp) are GREAT!! You could also just order drinks and popcorn/candy to keep the bill low.

The first two times I went there the staff was VERY nice. They greeted you at the door and offered to help find your seat. The last two times I've been, the service was dreadful! I'm not sure what changed! 

The first time our waitress was fairly rude and I'm pretty sure they did not get our order in. We were quite a ways into our movie (and everyone else had been served) before our food came - and we had to ask our waitress who assured us it was on it's way (it arrived 15 minutes after that!)

Our visit today was the worst! We bought tickets online so we could pick our seats, and we arrived 40 minutes early. We were in our seats 30 minutes before the movie started, and we weren't even offered drinks until 2 minutes before the movie started. Many other people were seated and served, while we waited. We both pushed our buttons, and nothing. The waitress was nice when she came to take our order, but we were pretty put off at that point. It's a real pain to get there so early and be completely ignored! And there were lots of servers just standing around outside which was annoying! 

It has such good potential, and was great the first couple of times, but seems to have really gone downhill. I hope they get better servers and turn the place back around! We're going to try one of the other dine-in theaters next!
This is def 1 of my Absolute Favor8 places 2 go every opportunity I can & I'd luv 2 give them a Perfect score but unfortun8ly out of the countless Xs I've been there, my 1st experience there doesn't allow 4 that 2 b the case. Guess it's pretty impressive that out of all those Xs since, it's been nothing but an EXCEPTIONAL experience Every single time in service & food (other than WAY 2 much salt on popcorn once), but it still can't take away what wasn't handled as it should have been 4 the 1st impression. Have dined in both the fork & screen & the Cinema Suites (both r Gr8 but our preference is the Suites: b~n roomier & more luxurious)!

   My 1st visit was 4 a special occasion 2 celebr8 the birthday of my very special guest.  Unfortun8ly it never fails, there was a crazy lady seated 2 our left in the row behind us.  I'd like 2 think she had tourette's syndrome but found out rather quickly she was a deliber8 instig8or &/or a bitter attention wh*re hag who was trying 2 ruin every1 else's time, not just immedi8ly around her but in the entire theater. 4 whatever reason (in her head) she put most of her focus upon us.  

   It was well b4 the previews & the server was explaining everything 2 us while taking our initial order of appetizers & drinks.  She kept clearing her throat way 2 loud whenever any1 was ordering anything but when our server came back w/ our drinks, she loudly said "Gonna order anymore b*tch?" right as the noise of the present preview ended.  Every1 including our server looked @ her as she tried 2 play off not saying it while loudly eating her tub of popcorn worse than the cookie monster off Sesamee Street.  

   We assumed our w8er left 2 notify management but that wasn't the case.  She continued w/ her antics throwing her popcorn & insults all through the final preview & on in2 the start of the movie.  My guest went 2 notify management & 2 c if the w8er was in process of doing so.  I sat there clenching the arm rest trying not 2 turn in2 a She~Hulk while we were missing the opening. 

   Our w8er was busy tending 2 his orders but confirmed what had happened 2  management which my guest relayed.  Returning, he came back w/ some lady "manager" (using that term very loosely) confronting the lady who immedi8ly burst in2 tears playing the victim & claiming she had a headache & would apologize 2 us after the show (like that was supposed 2 make everything ok/understood). 

   Then the manager approached me & I told her if that woman didn't like the fact that this was a dine~in cinema she could go 2 a regular theater (as she's still chowin' down on her popcorn like nothing happened~crocodile tears dried) & that we were in no way being loud or disruptive (unlike her).  We were told not 2 talk 2 her & that "she said she'd apologize 2 us after the movie."  We're thinking, What?? So ur not going 2 take care of the problem that the entire theater was having 2 deal w/ & then tell US not 2 talk 2 her when nothing warranted this HARASSMENT of US & some1 trying 2 ruin things 4 others?  Sorry, that's NOT good enough!! 

   The PROBLEM should have been REMOVED/had 2 LEAVE especially since the w8er confirmed what happened as the entire theater could.  It SHOULD have been CORRECTED even if it meant giving psycho lady off~her~meds a refund!!  Sad part is that doesn't even apply 2 her as everything was so blatantly intentional.  Part of HER PROBLEM trying 2 project on2 others seems 2 b she had an issue w/ others ordering from the menu while she only had popcorn.  And if she wasn't such a nasty miserable being, we might have actually paid anonymously 4 her 2 select something 4 herself.  

   Shame on that so~called "manager", thus the 4 instead of 5* rating!!  The only apology we got was from our server (we didn't care 2 hear from the wierdo lady who should b gr8ful we're the people we r instead of following her 2 her car or residence) but replied "unfortun8ly we can't control the actions/behavior of others but something can b done when these situ8ions/nuisances present themselves & SOMETHING should have been!"  Then a couple following behind us on the way out of the theater said "oh yeah that crazy lady was Horrible, WE almost left ~ Absolutely NO excuse 4 that!"  Glad 2 know obviously we weren't the only 1s feeling that way...
Firstly I want to say that service here was just phenomenal! Alexander served us tonight while we watched captain America and we had a good time.
Do expect a large amount of white noise from all the other patrons eating. The servers walk around and deliver food and it all provides for a rather distracting experience. I'm not sure I would go for a movie that I really want to enjoy, but if you're here to drink beer and watch The Expendables, than you are in the right place!
 Cheers!
My roomate has worked at this theater for past 3 years, and let me tell you, this is the best theater I've ever been too. I mean you get to eat great food and watch a movie in recliners! You can even order alcohol if you'd like!

Overall, this theater is super friendly, clean, great food, good quality sound and picture, and very comfortable seats.
Repulsive food, little better than what you would get on an airplane.  Priced about 10 times more. I swear I just ate McNuggets that cost $15. Bland, obviously frozen. 

Had to ask twice for my drink, then got billed twice for one drink. Delighted to find that I also paid for the food for the gentleman sitting next to me as well. In their defense the staff was quick to fix the problems. Not rude, just clueless. 

Main issue is theater full of texting people during the movie. So rude. Wish this state had an Alamo Drafthouse.
I was excited to hear that there was a place like this after Farelli's closed. The seating was a bit confusing at first to know what to pick from never being there before. But once we got in and seated we fell in love with the huge cushion recliners. The drinks were fine but a bit pricey. I ordered a type of nacho and it was really good but greasy and hard to find the jalpenos in the dark. My husband had the parm fries and they were awesome! I wsih there was one of these on the west side because I would totally be frequenting it more!
This is a Quality over Quantity decision, folks.

You pay a premium for these seats, but they are easily 2x as comfortable, you aren't crowded with others, there are no screeming kids in strollers, in general this is a more upscale audience where you are not likely to get in the middle of a gang fight, etc.

For me, I made the decision to take my family's usual movie going schedule, and spend 1/2 of those seeing a movie at home with Redbox for $1, and half the time taking my family to this theater, paying $2-5 per ticket premium, and having more fun.

The food is Applebees in a theater, basically, with a $3-4 premium per dish for getting served at your seat.  Again, if you were going to an Applebees quality restaurant, pay the premium.  It's fun.  If you wanted upscale, there are lots of restaurants in the complex or across the street (use the tunnel, it's cool!).

One thing I recommend is skipping the popcorn.  It's a small bag, isn't as fresh as a usual theater, and runs $8.  No thanks.  If you want to spend $8, spend it on real food or candy.  

For me, the difference between watching a movie in a theater like Harkins Christown or in AMC Esplanade is like the difference between First Class and a middle seat in Coach on a 12 hour transoceanic flight.  Yes, it's that big.  

But it only costs $2-4 per ticket premium folks.

That's money well spent.  I mean, for me, it's a complete, total, no-brainer.

By the way, unlike the other reviews, the adults only theaters ARE more comfortable seats, but not THAT much more comfortable.  So if you have an equal choice, go with the adults only theater seats, but if not, don't be scared... still do it.
I've been to this theater several times. It is a bit pricey compared to most. I invited a friend to this facility. And OMG! he is still complaining about the admission. That was my fault. I should have given him a heads up. 

I like the place. You can choose your seating when you purchase your ticket(s). The seating is VERY comfortable...oversized, recycling seats! Don't sit on the very back row...you won't get the full effects of the these seats.

Staff come around before the start of the show to take your food and beverage order. However, you can purchased a beverage and/or eat prior to entering the theater. The staff has always been pleasant and knowledgeable of the menu items as well as the what's currently playing.

There is plenty of garage parking. Staff will validate your ticket.
Love this place! No waiting in line because you have assigned seating that you get to choose, reclining seats, a meal and most of all grown ups only (21 over suites/alcohol available). No one kicking your seat, talking through the movie or phone screens lighting up from texting.  Is the ticket pricey...Yes, but worth every penny!!!
Movie time!  We went to see "Chef"  what a great movie!  The food this time however left much to be desired.  I always have the Thai Bang Shrimp Tacos and this time the corn tortillas were old and dried out, and there was almost no shrimp to speak of.  My hubby had the Coconut chicken tenders and he did like those.  The rest of the experience was good as usual and this will not prevent us from coming back.  I just may ask this time if they changed the recipe.
My husband and friend went to see "The Other Women" on 5-25 and had a family behind us that had a 10 month old who cried often (of course it was his nap time) and then with his boredom he tipped over glasses and kept pushing the service buttom, The 2 women had their phones on talking out loud. When we complained to the manager he told us that babies/children were allowed in the theatre in the am and afternoons and they weren't allowed to ask families to leave. The manager was extremely arrogant and continued to insult our sensibilities with stupid excuses how children prevailed even though before the movie the rest of us are told to turn our phones off and not to disturb others during the movie. I have never had this experience with Harkin's anywhere in the Valley, and even though this is considered a higher class establishment i would rate it very low. I was told that you have to attend movies where kids aren't welcomed  (theatre's 1-7),  however what if you want to see that peticular movie?  This was by NO means a child's movie much less an appropriate movie for a baby. We purchased our seats and the theatre was full and small so moving wasn't an option. My husband and friend are post cancer patience's so attending a movie at night is difficult for them.  Be aware of this place, know the rules and stay away during the day with theatre's (8-14 ).
If there is a movie you want to see don't go there if it's during the day in the movie theatre's allowing babies and children.  They gave us free tickets to come back but after being insulted by the rude manager, I returned them and told him to give them to someone who cares. We will never step back in this place again. I am in Pediatrics and love children, but not all parents are insightful enough to respect others when they go to the movies. And, then again, I guess they knew what they were doing because their poor choices are reinforced by the Management.  Our first 2 times there were very nice but this last time was our last. Good Luck and be very paranoid.
My husband and I love going to see movies, so for my birthday he took me here because it was highly recommended. I had such an amazing time! It was so nice to go to a theater where anyone under 18 had to be accompanied by an adult. It cuts down on the obnoxious teenager factor. The service was amazing. I was skeptical at first because I thought that servers walking around was going to disturb the movie but it didn't. The food was great and we loved that you could order food in the lobby while you wait for your movie. I just have 3 complaints: the ticket prices are so expensive, but considering they have to pay wages to the servers, I get why they increase the tickets, but still, $20 is a bit much. They also don't have student discounts to lower those prices. My last complaint is that the movie selection isn't as high as some of the other theaters so it was difficult to find a movie that both my husband and I wanted to see. So 4 stars for me because of the down sides, so an overall good time for me.
I went to see "X-men: Days of Future Past" 3D in one of the Cinema Suites. The powered recliners are AWESOME! I was in row D, but in the future will only sit in lower rows as you can't fully recline without cropping out some of the bottom part of the screen. The theater was about 70% full by my estimation (25-30 people) and based on other reviews I was certainly worried about noise from people ordering food, etc. However, I found it to be a non-issue. It was maybe a little noisy for the first 10-15 mins of the movie, but it was so minimal that it's barely remarkable. There's such a drop in height from one row to the next that I think it prevents one from really being bothered by what's going on in rows that are in front/behind them. Also, I didn't feel that it was really any brighter after the movie started than it would be at any other "regular" theater. However, the little call/menu light was reflecting off of the inside of my 3D glasses. So, I took the cloth napkin and had it covering the light for most of the movie. For non-3D movies, I don't think this would be a problem. I ordered the Jalapeno Chipotle Burger with Parmesan Fries and it was HUGE and also pretty tasty. Not the best burger I've ever had, but good.The servers were really attentive, but not annoying. All in all, I was pretty impressed and feel that the $6-7 mark-up over a traditional first-run theater ticket is worth it, even if you don't get anything to eat.
I reeeeallyyy wanted to love this theater!  Everyone kept raving about it, supposedly the best in Phoenix.  We arrived & were def wowed by the nice lobby & bar.  The seats we definitely not the most comfortable compared to the other AMC theaters & I found it really distracting with the clanging of forks, drinks being dropped on the floor, servers walking back & forth etc.  I know it's the whole experience that's supposed to be neat but I just didn't find it to be my cup of tea.  The sign said the theater we were in was 21 & older but there were tons of loud kids in there which confused me. I also wish there was an option to turn off the light on the side of your seat when you're done eating.  I found it to be pretty bright.

Glad we checked it off our list but we probably won't be running back anytime soon.
This is pretty much the only theater I go to.  Yes they have increased the prices a little since it first opened up but it's still cheaper than the over rated Ipic in Scottsdale.  

The seats are always super comfy and the food is actually really good.  The food is about average price but the drinks can get pricey.  How can you complain though about getting to eat dinner and have a drink while watching a movie! 

One thing to stay away from though are the milkshakes (might as well be ice cream flavored milk) and the burgers I haven't had much luck with as you can't get them cooked to order.  Just about everything else I've tried has been great though.
So last year we came to see a movie. We ordered some burgers... Well there was a hair in my burger, which made it pretty impossible to enjoy the movie after that. They did get me an all new burger which was good and had no hairs but I don't think I will be coming back.
Nice seats...pricey over - fluffed menu. Truffle fries? Really?  Got the chicken fingers with thai sauce...was just ok...next time I'll just go for the booze!!
So, for $16.50, you can get an oversized, leather reclining chair w/a side table and swivel tray over your lap, and fab view of the picture? I think it's money well spent. It's like flying first class - once you've got a taste of it, it's hard to go back to Coach. I felt like a true baller, I really did.

I do, however, wish AMC would consider bumping their OVERLY inflated meal/drink prices. I paid $4.50 for a Coke Zero? That hurt, it did. I didn't eat any food, but my friend's fries smelled heavenly.

Oh, and I wld also suggest better signage for parking. I got lost/trapped when parking at Gallagher Kennedy. I shrugged this off and found my way to AMC parking, but hit 2 dead ends in the garage by their loading dock. But, maybe that's just me.
This place has really gone down hill. The employees in the front are rude and unhelpful. Inside the theater the waiters ignore you when you need something. I'm disappointed because I love going to the movies. Guess i will be driving the extra 10 min to Scottsdale for now on. Bummed.
I have gone back a few times, and received much better service each time! Food and drinks are still a bit pricey for what you get, but I would recommend going.
We had no idea how this place worked. The movie we saw was hilarious, and how great to watch it while relaxing in comfort?

However, the food was terrible. Save your money. We had the blue cheese wedge salad and lime chicken burger. The wedge salad was three chunks of iceberg lettuce. The menu doesn't cater to people who are trying to eat in a healthy way. Fried this, fried that. 

Go here if you want to watch a movie in comfort, perhaps having a drink, after you have had dinner somewhere else.
I've been wanting to check this place out and I'm so glad we did. This place is awesome! We purchased our tickets online (highly recommend you do this to get the best seating) and were pleased to find out that there was a 4 hour parking validation provided for the garage. We sat in the cinema suites and the chairs and service were amazing. The movie experience was perfect and the prices on foods and drinks were very reasonable. We will definitely return!
This AMC is located in the Biltmore area near the Ritz-Carlton and has a parking garage behind it which did not have a fee. The area in which this AMC is in has a lot of shops and the corridors are architecturally detailed. 

The service was great from entrance to exit especially the waiters during the movie. They came in about twice during the movie even though we didn't ring (press a button for service). The menu is pretty large. Most of the food is of the "American" variety. The desserts were tempting but overall it was a bit pricey for the type of food offered and serving portions. 

The best part of this theater has to be the giant cherry red recliners. The most comfortable movie theater seats I have ever enjoyed a movie in. 

The screen and movie display was relatively the same as any AMC, nothing special there.

Oh and this theater has a full bar instead of a candy case in the lobby. That has to be an incentive for some people. Candy and popcorn can be found on the menu received when seated for your movie, don't worry.
This place is AMAZING!!! "Multi-tainment" center perfectly describes this place. You can eat, lounge, bowl, play and watch movies all in the same place! This place houses 3 restaurants (347 Grill, Luxe and Cones Caf) The 347 Grill and the Luxe share the same kitchen, so you'll get the same food quality. The biggest difference between the two is the 347 Grill is family friendly and the Luxe is for adults only with more emphasis on the drinks as the bar anchors this lounge/restaurant. My group ate at the Luxe due to the wait at Grill 347; the food was okay nothing to scream about good enough to keep the night festive, the price points were dead on. I had the Mediterranean salad which was well balanced and good in size however I wish the cucumbers were more freshly cut.  My husband ordered the Honey BBQ wings which were good in size, well sauced and crunchy, yum! The other people in my party all enjoyed their food as well. After dinner we headed over to the Ultra Star cinemas for a movie. For an additional $2.50 you can upgrade to the "Star Class" area upstairs and view your movie minor free with drink and waiter service, score!!! I didn't get a chance to bowl at the "Tin Pens" bowling alley but next time I definitely will. The Arcade was decent. What I like most about this place is the open concept, there are plenty of areas to lounge all around and all the areas of interest seem to flow harmoniously into one another.  Give this place a try you'll be sure to love it! I'm happy I finally have a place to go when I'm in Maricopa!!! PS- They have laser tag too!
Maricopa has its own movie theatre! But wait. There's more! They have a bowling alley, new restaurant options and even dine in theatre seating upstairs. Thanks Ak-Chin. This town has needed something like this for, well, ever.
This place is beautiful and state of the art!  Staff in all venues are friendly and helpful.
I LOVE IT! 

I am happy with this place. the food is good the drinks are cold and the entertainment is solid.

The only reason its does not get a 5th star is the WIFI is horrible.
Great place to go to in Maricopa since this town has very little to offer. There is  dining, Arcade games, laser tag, theater, bowling and is right across from the casino and motel. 
I had dinner at the 375 Grill and must say this place looks and feels impressive but the place was very cold. We had to keep our jackets on during the whole meal. The waitress tried her best to serve us but when the food came out she didn't bring it. Instead she came empty handed then later said she was going to go get our salad dressing and ketchup.  I got a portobello sandwich which was under the burger list on the menu. I thought there was suppose to be some meat but it was just a fried portabello for $10. Got a very small salad on the side. The sandwich was very good but not for that price.
Checked out arcade and ice cream shop. place is high tech no doubt. movie theater is another story. both times i've attended movie has started late, there was long lines in concession stand and box office because they only had one cashier in each of them. I think ill stick to harkins even though its a 20 minute drive.
Once again I gave ultrastar another chance, we went to see texas chainsaw at 8:15
everything was good until the movie started. I noticed there projector light bulb was flickering so everytime there was a scene with a white background the screen would shutter, I noticed this issue because I used to work for a major theater chain for 5 years.
So far I have been trying to plan my sons birthday party for this weekend and it seems they are not concerned about it. They are NOT accommodating. The person in charge of booking this is pretty rude! I am planning on having 20-25 guests which is going to cost over six hundred dollars, but it seems that is not significant for them to treat you with respect. The actual party will be held this weekend....so we will see what the outcome is.
Had a children's bowling birthday party. The staff was amazing from the coordinator , Barb who set everything up via phone and email prior to the big day, to our own personal staff during our party. The prices were extremely reasonable and included two lanes, pizza, drinks, cupcakes, private party room, balloons, and shoe rentals!!!! Cannot be beat!! The atmosphere was great and the parents were happy with food and drink service while the kids bowled. Highly recommend using them for your parties!
Since the place officially opened on November 15, 2012, Maricopians have been able to treck less further for cinema and some night life entertainment.  There is also bowling, lasertag, and a small arcade of family fun games.  This is a very much welcome and needed venue near the casino and hotel which have also recently undergone serious updating. The whole place actually has more of a resort place feel than it had before since the addtion of the Ultra Star Multi-tainment Center.

I want to point out specifically that they have Foos -ball here and that the tables are beautiful! I looked long and hard and without going all the way to Scottsdale, I could not find a decent Foos-Ball scenario anywhere.  There are at least 5 tables located on the adult only upper floor of the center in the Luxe bar.  The Luxe Lounge is trendy without being pretentious and is a safe and fun place to pose.  Great music and also good mooding spaces ( ask me and I will explain).

The place is new and they have had some growing pains early on with mis-prints on ticket seating, speediness of service, and also bathroom issues.  But overall, everyone in service seems nice, food quality in the venues has been good ( 4 out of 5 for me) and the theatre is clean and comfy.
Keep it up!
Had a good time watching parker. Popcorn is good and it was free. star class needs some additions, like a call button so you dont have to track down your server, and the swing tables like amc and studio movie grill has.
Love this place. Great food, the bowling is GREAT.
We also had my sons birthday there with the room and the service and entire package was great. Had a date night movie upstairs, food and drinks then to the Luxe Lounge. Good times.
Great place to go.
The 347 Grill is really good too and the prices are right.
Here's the newest addition to Harrah's Casino complex out here on the Rez.  This amusement center features 24-lane "Ten Pin Bowl" bowling center, a big 12-screen Theater, "347 Grill and Bar" with booze, pizza & so on, a video arcade with the hottest new games, conference/party rooms, a nice outdoor patio area with tables, and more.

This whole place is beautiful and theatre admission prices are LOW, at around $6.to $9 for first run movies!  (Prices for individual screenings vary according to age, time of day, military status & so on, but everyone gets a shot at the lowest prices!)

This place is smaller than Amazing Jake's but it's classy...  won't remind you of Taco Bite!     :-))
This place is incredible! I love the movie theater with it's rocking leather seats. The theater also offers box seats that move in sequence to the movie, I have not tried those yet but plan to soon. It also offers balcony seats for patrons 21 or older where you may order drinks throughout the movie or maybe you just want to be served lunch or dinner. 
   They also offer a bowling alley and arcade room. Now my favorite places of all, The Cone where they serve homemade ice cream daily and the 347 Grill. The rib-bye steak at the Grill is the best I ever had and is only half the price as the Steak House inside the Casino! Just amazing food! A really amazing place!
so I'm stuck  in the middle with this place. Luxe  has really good food and I like the theater, arcade and bowling alley but they need a SEVERE upgrade  to the staff. They  are far too immature and need to act way more professional.
I love this place!  Adult only balcony seating.  Awesome bowling.  Nice restaurants.  It's kinda hard to believe it's in Maricopa.
Okay so this place is pretty cool. I was going to go 4 stars but the servers and cost of the bowling alley brought it down a star. 

I visited the bowling alley first, it is a nice place and a lot of fun. Downside: there were maybe 15 people in the place and it took forever to get the attention of a server. My beer took over 20 minutes and my kids sodas almost 40 minutes. Cost wise the food and beverages were a good price but the lack of good servers made it a no no next time. Bowling was great fun, but a lot overpriced... 

Next we visited the arcade. It was fun, cheap and passed tome before we saw the movie.

Last stop was the theater.  Fair price, great staff and a very nice auditorium. The snacks were priced fairly and were good quality. 

Overall it was a good time. I will be back for sure.
Dropped by here to watch This is The End.  The theater was huge, the screen was very clear and the seating was so comfortable.  I will definitely return here to watch a movie again if in the area.  Also, this place has bowling, pool and eateries.  Give this place a try if in the area.
Awesome so cooool
This place is amazing! There is so much to do here, and everything is nice! Bowling is awesome, although service can be a bit slow. The food is decent, the arcade is pretty awesome, the movie theater is SPECTACULAR and rarely crowded, the Laser Tag arena is small but the space is used well, and the Luxe Lounge is pretty darn awesome for watching sports and getting drinks!

The weak link has been the 347 Grill, but I think they are getting better. The food side of this place is the only thing keeping my review at four stars instead of five. Still, the Lobster Mac and Cheese was pretty amazing, so there is reason for hope!
NIce decor inside, comfortable. My Grandz had a blast, laser tag, bowling, arcade. Seen a couple movies there, pretty good.
We enjoyed the bowling and the good food. The kids enjoyed the splash pad out front and the arcade. We found it better to pay for one game at a time vs per hour because we were eating as well. This is a one stop entertainment shop.
My husband and I LOVE the Multi-tainment Center!!!  Love the movie theater and snack bar.  Very comfortable seats!!  Love The Cone!!! They are always so courteous and friendly.  You can get samples so you know for sure you get the flavor you want and try new flavors.  The ice cream is flavorful and creamy good.  Haven't tried the 347 Grill, but I talked to the host one day and he was very informative and nice!! We will try it next time we go.  We are planning on taking the grandkids next time and they can do all the other things, like laser tag and arcades.  So glad we have this great, fun place to go for entertainment
We ate at the 347 Grill. We had the calamari for starters: it was really good. My fish and chips were great too. My husband had the prime rib which was cooked to perfection and tasted amazing. The service was prompt and friendly. For us, the serving sizes were quite generous and we have leftovers! 

This is actually not the first time we've eaten here, and we've always enjoyed the great food, friendly service, and fun atmosphere. For this meal, we were seated further away from the bar, which was perfect - much less noisy, and no TV's! :-) 

We love, love, love the new multi-tainment center and look forward to many future visits!
There's a brand-new state-of-the-art movie theater, multiple restaurants, an arcade, laser tag, and a bowling alley. What more could you ask for? A hotel and casino? It's a three minute walk away.

The movie theater is all digital, and offers one 3-D movie at a time. They use passive 3-D glasses like most movie theaters, and the result is very good. I haven't noticed any ghosting in any of the movies that I've seen. The only issue I have is the sound. When I go to the movie theater I want the sound to surround me. I want big explosions, and it seems like no matter what theater I'm in here, the sound is always at 60%.
They have vibrating seats which don't serve any purpose for me, because I'm in a wheelchair.
They also offer a "star class" option. It's a couple dollars extra per seat, it's reserved only for people 21 and older, offers a private bar, and you sit in the balcony. They also offer in seat dining with an abbreviated selection of items from the 347 grill downstairs. My understanding though, is that they have another kitchen upstairs to handle the load of the star class auditoriums. To get there, you take an elevator upstairs, give the ticket taker your ticket, and walk through a really neat hallway with stars twinkling above you. The only negatives I can think of are that you are paying extra for the luxury of having food delivered to you, and since you're at the very top and back of the theater in the balcony area, you don't have any sound coming from behind you which really makes a noticeable difference.

They have two different restaurants there, both offering similar foods. The 347 Grill has a really neat water feature surrounding it where bubbles change colors. I know it's just bubbles, but I could honestly sit there for hours staring at this if they wouldn't arrest me and take me away. They have a couple of neat entres, including lobster mac & cheese which is delicious and I totally recommend it. Don't expect to be able to pop in get some food and pop out to your movie though. This is typical restaurant times we're talking about here. Typically 30 to 40 minutes to get food. The service is hit and miss leaning a bit more towards miss. It almost seems like servers hide from you... I never seem to be able to find one when I need one. When I do though, they're usually really friendly. Perhaps, when I go they're just stretched thin.

The second restaurant upstairs is more of a sports bar. Lots of TVs everywhere, and a more sports bar geared menu. A little bit smaller, with bar favorites. The drinks are always ice cold, and the service is always prompt and very friendly. I've never had any trouble getting the seats which is another plus! From up there, you can look down and see people bowling, which is a good way to pass the time if you're not into whatever's on TV at that moment. They also have a small patio outside with a couple of tables and TVs where I believe you can smoke.

Speaking of the bowling alley, It's fun! I'm DEFINITELY not a professional bowler by any means. I'd hardly say I'm an amateur. But I do have fun bowling with my friends and family. For people with small children or for other folks like me in wheelchairs, they have rails that they can set up so you can roll your ball down easier. They also have bumpers that can go up or down automatically depending on which player is up at the moment. After bowling at some older facilities, I think that's a huge deal! Everybody else can bowl without the bumpers, and I can throw them up, so I don't roll a gutter every other time. Food is definitely popular throughout the entire complex, and it's offered here as well. They have a small selection of appetizers, as well as pizza. You can also get drinks served. The servers always seem to be stretched thin here, So if you see one, flag them down as soon as possible so you can get your order in. During the week, you pay for each game, however, on Friday and on the weekend, you pay by the hour. This can be good or bad depending on how fast you want to bowl. I would think it would hurt their food sales because everybody would be in such a rush to bowl they wouldn't want to take time to eat. You can pick up shoes for a couple bucks if you need them. They also offer a promotion where if you see a different color pin in the one position, and you get a strike, you win cash.

I really wish I could provide a review on the laser tag arena, however, since I'm in a wheelchair, I'd make an easy target! Maybe I'll go in there someday just to check it out, but for now, let's focus this review elsewhere.

The arcade has enough games to keep your kids busy while you're finishing dinner or having a drink at the 347 Grill adjacent to it. It's definitely not up to the level of the Gameworks, or D&B but there's definitely some good Time killers in there. They keep the area clean which is a plus.

Overall, it's definitely worth a visit!

P.S. Say goodbye to your cellular signals. They do offer free Wi-Fi though.
We went during spring break on Monday and found out that it was dollar games and dollar shoe rentals, (GREAT DEAL), This place was clean, Mason was awesome.  And for a bowling alley, it wasn't too loud.  The only downfall was the lane servers weren't the friendliest and took forever to come by.
The undiscovered gem of the Southern valley ^_^

The Best:
*NO lines or crowds!
*Tons of events happening all week long
*StarClass - a butler for only $2 a seat!
*super clean and trendy facilities
*VIP movie Suites (Can we say Private Bathroom!?! =D )

The good:
*Large variety of activities- Kids? Date night? You name it!
*Loyalty cups & anual popcorn pass
*Discount Thursday movie
*DJ, Theme & Fight nights at the Lounge
*Video game tournaments
*Weekend craft fair

The unusual:
*Front row of StarClass seats unavailable to buy - partial view of screen
*No drink or food specials in StarClass
*StarClass food is so/so and often arrives barely warm
*Service varies. Inattentive thru polite & helpful
*Odd movie times. Showtimes past 8pm are needed here!

I think they're still trying to adjust to their growing popularity and sometimes don't have enough staff in the right places, but any wait is a short one- and a fraction of other theatres & multi-plexes. Food could be improved but nice variety.

Paying $2 to upgrade to StarClass (21+) is well worth it!
Awesome and affordable.  A great place to chill with friends and family. Nice Cinemas, dope bowling alley, arcade, laser tag and restaurant. Always a good time with the family at this spot.
This is a state of the art theater with the lounge and 347 grill attached. It's great because it's always so empty, I get there 15 min early and always get the seats I prefer.