Ken's is a very wisconsin-y joint that feels like the northwoods, not the suburbs of Madison.  

The place is a butcher+bakery mated with a quickie mart and offers a concise lesson of wisconsin food products.  They carry (just about) every flavor of babcock ice cream, fresh curds, fresh baked berry pies, famous daves bbq sauce, ....  They also have a very-loaded meat counter with their own (amazing) Sheboygan Brats and cheesewursts.    Meat prices are very reasonable.

I stumbled in one day looking for ham. I left with ham, and brats, and berry pie, and 1/2 pound chicken noodle casserole.  The food-counter lady was very nice as I added .. and added to my order.  I devoured it all.
If you love steak, you'll love Ken's.  I take that back.  If you love meat PERIOD, you'll love Ken's.  They have the best steaks ever, and the chicken breasts are huge.  Their brats are really good, as are the rubbed pork grillers.
They have a variety of other picnic staples like potato salads and macaroni salads and some produce.  Then, add to all that, they have a convenience store attached so you can buy some pop or beer or whatever.

My personal favorites are the burgandy pepper steaks.  It just doesn't get any better.
Only been there once and been wanting go back again soon. We used to go to that side of town once a month and I would wonder about this place with my husband's name. So one day, stopped there to see if they have anything quick to eat. Fresh sandwiches were great....made the way we wanted. The place was clean and very friendly. Too bad,found it after I no longer live on that side of town.
Friendly local market with a fantastic selection of fresh meat, salads, and bakery items. The stuffed chicken breasts and steaks are excellent choices. From the deli the egg salad is excellent and fresh. They also have elegant farmer pies, very good.
Burgundy Pepper Steak. Get one of these and you will understand why 5 stars isn't nearly enough! So good!
Overall I was unimpressed.   Nothing really that exciting here.   I am looking elsewhere.  
For those who are concerned about where their meat comes from you should be aware that their chicken is inexpensive but it is from Gold n Plump and Purdue.   I don't know where their beef is from.
The shop is nice but much smaller than I expected.  About half being a regular convenience store.   The meats are nicely displayed and they are well staffed.
Ken's is great. We rarely have ever got bad meat here - and we've been to Ken's at least once a week for almost 15 years. 

Virtually all the steaks are great. People really like the Burgundy Pepper Steaks. The Rib Eyes and NY Strips are my favorites. 

The Sheboygan brats are fabulous. The ribs are great too - nice and meaty. When my family does burgers we always get their sirloin burgers. Really tasty.

The staff is often younger people - but they are very nice and well trained. 

The only downside would be is that it's pretty expensive - especially the non-meat products. I only get the non-meat things if I really need something and want to save a trip to the regular grocery store (but this is typical of mini-mart type places).

Beware - on nice days they will go through some things early. Don't wait until the last minute. 

They do let you call and make orders, which is nice if you want to guarantee something will be in.

A wonderful place. Highly recommend.
good food but am confused why only sell hot food until 2pm. nice location.
Slightly weird smell when you walk. This isn't Jenny Street Market in terms of quality products, but the staff are friendly and they have a good variety of products. It is easy in and out, which makes it worth the stop.
They really deserve a 2.49 so I rounded down.  If you're not concerned with a local business buying from UW Provisions instead of local farmers, I will admit Ken's is very popular and they keep a nice fresh case of meat albeit with limited selection. However, I'd be a little frightened to see one of the chickens from whence came their boneless breasts.  One half weighs three quarters of a pound, which worries me a little. 

Look, I buy from them, I wish they'd become an actual BUTCHER SHOP vs a MEAT MARKET, and while the high school kids who work there are nice, they're not going to butterfly a whole chicken for you so hope one of the managers or the owner is there, or answer a question about just how long that cut of steak should live over coals.  And I admit my biggest pet complaint is that I have requested some kind of ground poultry (eg turkey) be carried fresh.  I don't think that's unreasonable in 2013.  The owner responded to my request with a simple "no."  

Ok.  I still shop there for some things, so clearly it's not a deal-breaker.  Not my shop, but I would bet heavily that a freshly ground turkey or chicken would move.  Just saying.

I'll end on a high note.  They have great steaks, great beef and pork all around,  Try a pork griller over live goals, indirect heat.  Man.  Their bacon wrapped pork filets are terrific, too.  And the chuck makes a damn fine burger.  Oh, bonus, they carry a tempting selection of sweet treats, including chocolates, bakery, etc.
They have a good selection of meat and its always fresh and good.  They could use a bigger selection of cheese, but whatever.  Their Chicken Salad and assorted potato salads are awesome...always fresh, always great.  Other than the deli/meat sections, its a typical small convenience store with higher than needed prices.  Go there for the meats and deli items, buy your other items elsewhere.
I stopped here after a friend recommended the place for steaks. Impressive selection! There were several cuts that are pre-marinated. The prices were extremely cheap compared to other places such as Metcalfs.

To compare, I spent almost $60 on steaks for 6 people and bought the same amount of meat here at Ken's for $20...and they were marinated. I tried the burgandy peppercorn steaks...WOW!! These guys melt in your mouth!

Usually leftovers steaks are tough but after several days in the fridge, the leftover steaks were still as tender as the day they came off the grill. I'm doing all my meat shopping here from now on!
Way overpriced. Basically resells items at an insane markup. Not a true butcher either.
The best meat market in Madison. It has great gresh chicken brests. Get the burgundy marinaded steak. Check it out.
We moved into our Monona neighborhood over a year ago and ever since that day, Ken's has been a mealtime/neighborhood staple.  It's so easy to pop in and grab something delicious to throw on the grill.  They also offer a decent assortment of deli salads, pickled veggies, pies, wine, and other need-to-haves so you don't have to waste time running to large grocery stores for last-minute items.  New to Ken's?  Try one of their delicious pinwheels, or my favorite--burgundy and black pepper steak.
4.5 stars, and worth the drive to the hood!  The billboards of the giant super 3-lb. burrito finally cast a spell on me, and I took the plunge.

La Tolteca is not quite as full service as Ranch Market, but it's somewhat of a smaller version where you'll find a counter-service deli, panaderia, carniceria, jugeria, and a mini-market here.  Even better is their cooking tools section (where you can buy huge tamale steamers, and mortar and pestles for making chile) and the catering menu which starts at $5 per person.  Holy crap.  What a steal.  

Upon entrance you'll see the deep pit outside where some man is grilling all the carne you'll find served inside.  As you step inside you'll see some brisk business - I found all sorts of types and ethnicities here - a young couple on a date, some girls gabbing over lunch and others ordering food and pastries to go.

The food here ROCKS.   It's very authentic, cooked by commadres and tias just like back home.   The Grandma quotient on the beans and rice was very high -- always a standard assessment in my quest for good Mexican food.  They have every imaginable burrito type here and they're huge and cheap - at $4.  I always opt for the veggie (rice, beans, cheese and guacamole) burrito and am always impressed - the best part being the freshly made tortillas.  I even bought some on my way out to take home.

The tacos are a good choice too.  The combo plates start at $5.  The carne asada (a little overcooked) was pretty good and delicious in a flavorful marinade, and the shrimp taco was really good - a much better choice I would add.  Paired with some tamarind, strawberry agua fresca or horchata and you'll be in heaven.

I find the bakery to be the highlight regarding the food.  The pandulce was excellent - if a bit more fresh (than Ranch Market) given the way it's stored behind a glass case rather than self-service.  The conchas and pineapple empanadas were soft, sweet and delicious - with perfect texture.  Everything from churros, to cakes, to flan, to sweet breads, to donuts and rolls.
This is my favorite Mexican lunch destination downtown. I've started coming here once or twice a week because they have a huge, cheap, and pretty interesting menu as well as a great bakery.

The one star off is unfortunately for the main course there. There has always been something a little off in everything I or someone else gets there when I've gone. They have great freshly made tortillas, but the filling for the Vegetarian is pretty bland if you ask me. A friend got a Carne Asada burrito and he said the meat was pretty fatty. They have an interesting selection of tamales but they've all been kindof bland as well. The tacos have always been the best, but it's pretty hard to screw up a taco.

But they have a whole bunch of unexpectadly weird dishes for a cheap counter service Mexican place like Potato tortas and aforementioned large tamale selection including fruity tamales that make it so you can have something different every time you come. 

But my favorite part is getting something from the bakery after the meal. Check out the pic on their website of their selection, it is very impressive. The highlight for me is the carmel filled churros, which when served fresh, will make you see God.

They have  a cool market with hard to find tools to make your own Mexican feast, a meat counter, and rockin' Horchata too.
Cool place, great for a weekday lunch (as long as you don't mind smelling like Mexican food for the rest of the day).

The taco is the best I've had in Arizona, and the super-nachos are so big, it's kind of embarrassing to walk through the restaurant with them.

Also - the bakery is excellent! You can visit twice a week for a year and try something new each time. The stuffed churros are particularly delicious.
This Mexican restaurant has the best burritos in town!  This is not your roach infested 24 hour drive through kind of burrito joint either.  Here are the reasons that make La Tolteca #1 and one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix!
1-Full bakery with mouth watering fresh pastries
2-Fresh ingredients and great prices
3-Also serves beer if you feel like having a Corona with your meal as opposed to take out
4-Little market has the best prices in town on citrus fruits and just enough of everything to cook up a little Mexican meal (Ranch Market not needed!)
5-Make your own pico/ salsa bar, make it your style and get as much of it as you want:)
So, if you are downtown looking for authentic Mexican this is the place.  Of course it is super casual take out or seat yourself kind of place so don't  try to flatter your date here! But get there early, I'm pretty sure they close up shop by 9 or 10...
La Tolteca is the most authentic mexican food. It is so good and a great place to eat if you are down town. Check out the grocery section, they have freshly made tortillas to take home. Delicious!
La Tolteca is in my top 5 for my Taco Crawls with my Dad and my 91-year old Grandpa.  We loved this place.  

The Al Pastor taco is fabulous...marinated pork, cilantro, onions.  Mmmmm.  The Potato taco is also great...potato, sour cream, cabbage, queso fresco, tomato salsa.  The carne asada taco was tasty as well, but I agree with the other comments that it is a little fatty.  Some people like that, though.

They even sold us beers from the market area for $1.99 to drink with our tacos.  And, the salsa bar has an excellent guacamole based salsa.  Yum.  

Can't wait to go back.  Oh yeah, and check out the murals...they are classic.
When I was in college there used to be a La Tolteca right across from ASU. We went there all the time and got the burritos "as big as your head" or at least that's what we called them. They were so good.

Eventually that place closed and I made my way down to this location.  This place is a lot of fun. Good Mexican food, a in house bakery, a small store and butcher shop.

This place is real and it a phoenix landmark, check it out.
This is probably my favorite Mexican restaurant in all of Phoenix.  I'm never dissappointed with their food regardless of what I order.  It's inexpensive, clean, bright, and delicious.  

It's a restaurant, market and bakery all in one building with a large seating area to enjoy the food on location.  You can buy a beer at the market and drink it along with the food you order which is cool.  And the salsa bar has shades of heat to please everyone.  

The chile rellenos are awesome and I often ordered them when I was a vegetarian.  But, if you're the type who won't eat beans with lard or rice with chicken stock, then you won't be happy here.  Now that I gave up the vegetarianism, I am thoroughly happy with the variety of flavors in the meat items.  The meat is always moist and flavorful.
I love walking here for sunday afternoon meals. I will spend the morning usually having a few beers and watching football or whatever sport is on, then around 2pm or so I go over for some of their off the grill chicken that they do in the parking lot. Couple that with some warm tortillas, their salsa bar, homemade horchata, and a dessert pastery from the panaderia, and I am in heaven. On normal days when the grill is not outside, the food is ok, and most of the items in the market/butcher shop scare the bejebus out of me. It is not anywhere near "authentic mexican" (if you see a burrito or a chimi in mexico, its there to make americans feel comfortable) but it is palatable.
I've driven by this place numerous times, but it wasn't until Memorial day that I finally found out what it was.  I was taking a photo of their corona beer bottle flags outside for an exhibit I'm in and needed to know the address of the location.  I opened the door to go inside and was totally blown away.  I had no idea that it was a restaurant/bakery/market.

I got my address and we left. 

Well this past week we went back and I'm totally glad we did.  I had the fajitas and Gary had the Mexican pizza.  His pizza was huge, way too big to finish.  My fajitas were delish!  They had a beef jerky kinda taste and I liked that.  I did not like the beans... they were bland and tasted funny.

The best part was dessert.  We always get more than a few to try.  We tried an apple empanada, a banana cream empanada, a stuffed churro and a coconut macaroon.

I did not like the empanadas and I think Gary would agree. They were boring and flavorless.  The stuffed churro rocked!  Gary only let me have a few bites, so I want to go back for more.  The coconut macaroon was awesome!  It was coconutty, slightly oily, chewy on the inside, crunchy on top.... AND ORANGE?  not sure why it was orange but it sure was good!

I love the way it's painted inside, super colorful with different Mexican scenes muraled on to the walls.
I've drove past this place many, many, times and always wrote it of as one of those typical cheap filiburtos type of places.. However, today I wanted fresh tortillas, and I heard this is a good place to go, so I went.. And I was in love with the place.. They have a bakery with yummy looking pastries things, a full menu of anything you would want at a Mexican restaurants.. 

I didn't take advantage of the menu options, there cooks were smoking up the place which wasn't great, smelled good but hopefully its not always smoky there..  

Strolled around the small market, excited about their lower prices on what they had.. found my tortillas along with freshly grilled green peppers, both were still warm and steamy.. I was in love! There tortillas were some of the best I've had, so I am so going to go back and next time I go I'll have to try their menu..
The key here is to go in when they open their ovens baking some of their excellent pastries. I never leave without getting a freshly baked crossiant or churro. My wife introduced me to La tolteca and we have been making regular trips back ever since. We started out with breakfast burritos on weekend mornings and I have now fit it into my drive home from golfing for some tacos. Both of the aforementioned are excellent. 

It is really hard to find authentic homemade Mexican food and this place does it perfectly. I was convinced when I had my Mother-in-law's homemade rice and tacos that it was the best their was. I am not saying that Tolteca is better but it actually tastes close to the same. 

A little hint: Once it cools down a little bit, fall and winter months, they have a huge charcoal grill setup in the parking lot on weekends. You can get cooked whole chickens and full racks of ribs for around 8 bucks. They also cook fresh green chiles. A great alternative on game days when you don't have time to setup the grill before the game starts. Just run down and pick something up fresh off their grill!
Words cannot express my love for La Tolteca. Well, not English words and I no habla Espanol. But I'll try...

SUPER NACHOS MOTHERFUCKER!!!

Nacho cheese, tons of cilantro, chicken, beef, beans, onions, tomatos, salsa, more cheese piled into a HUGE box. A huge box!

............................................................................... THUD

I just passed out.

Also great everything else. and cheap as hell. Like pesos cheap.

!ah dios mio!
Atmosphere inside is kinda like a Mexican version of Chompies -  good sized counter restaurant flanked by market and bakery, oozing ethnic energy.  More intimate (and less overwhelming) than Ranch Market; a plus for tentative gringos like me.  

It's a lengthy and fun menu to pore over and the place is airy enough that no one glares at you if you take extra time figuring out what you want, before stepping in line to order. My carne asada torta was really satisfying, smeared with guac, grilled onions and juicy beef on a nice, crunchy roll. My kid didnt get too excited about his chicken enchiladas - just average he said.  Next time we'll try something a litle more exotic, maybe grab something from the bakery. 

To be frank, I wasnt real comfortable in the neighborhood outside. Cant say if that's objectively reflected in crime statistics, and nothing bad happened to us, but there's a slew of chop shops and homeless/marginal looking types milling around and I spent part of our meal worrying about the semi-hidden laptop back in our car. We went Friday at 2PM, a fairly quiet hour, and maybe the vibe is busier - and safer - on weekends or at noon. 

Hate saying that, cuz La Tolteca's a cool place worth visiting, and the surroundings obviously arent their fault, but next time I might take the bus,  "travel light" as they say, and enjoy the entire experience a little more.
One of my favorite lunch places. Smoke from the grill fills your nose (and lungs) as soon as you walk in the door. Mmmm, grilled meat. The carnitas are always good at this place and the grilled shrimp tacos rock. The Mexican pizza is what it's all about; chicken or beef, it's piled high with lots of good stuff.

In addition to the freshly cooked food, La Tolteca has an extensive selection from the bakery. Tons of sugary goodness. There is also a small market with some fresh veggies and a butcher shop, including roasted chicken, ribs and carnitas.

If you eat there, be sure to check out the murals on the walls.
I don't care how good the good is here, this place scares me. If you're looking for true Mexican food, hospitality, cleanliness and attitude, I can't recommend La Tolteca enough.

That being said, I've only ever ordered the enchilada combo in the 20+ times I've been there and I absolutely love it.

Be sure to admire the tiled floor. This truly is an authentic Mexican gem, Rocky Pointe style.
When someone says "Lets get Mexican for breakfast... there is this place on 12th street and Van Buren...." my stomach takes a dive and common sense tells me that it's probably not a very good idea, but I was in an adventurous mood and Dallas G. is normally always spot on with his restaurant choices, so I decided to give it a whirl. 

Um... hell yeah! La Tolteca was awesome! Any place that has a full on Mexican bakery staring you in the face when you walk in is fine by me! I was lovingly admiring the watermelon shaped cookies from afar. I will be back... my stomach said. 

We got up to the menu board and I was impressed with the huge selection of items they had to offer. Honestly, if you cant find something that gets the juices flowing here, you have some seriously demented taste buds. 

I opted for the egg and cheese burrito with pico and a side of beans and rice. I slathered on the green sauce from the salsa bar and munched away at the deliciousness as the sweat poured down my face. This was one spicy, but tasty, breakfast! 

D.G. got the huevos rancheros. I didn't try them, but they looked pretty damn good and he seemed to be enjoying them. He also opted for the horchatta, which I normally don't like, but was pleasantly surprised with. 

Another thing I really want to point out is that the people that work here are REALLY nice, even to us whities. Normally I do not get such a welcome reception, but honestly, the workers were dancing and singing to the festive tunes and even the lady at the pick up counter had a smile on her face. 

I planned on hitting up the bakery for that watermelon cookie, but my $6 breakfast burro, rice and beans had me FULL... so I will be back for you my little cookie.. yes... I will be back!!!
Oh my gosh, heaven!! 

Walking inside of the place I wasn't expecting to see such a monstrosity of a restaurant. It's just huge. There's a large panaderia right when you walk in where you can order tasty Mexican pastries. You walk down a little ways and order your meal at the counter. There's a salsa bar to the right with all sorts of great salsas from spicy to mild, to avocado, etc. 

I ordered the Super Nachos and they were so good! I didn't want to stop eating them and literally gorged myself until I couldn't lift another chip into my mouth.
Chingon Mexican Food Here. 

The style of service is similar to that of the cafe inside the Ranch Market. Large menu, with lots of the usual Mexican restaurant fare. A long line of steam tables, keeping that food hot and ready to go. 

Food was delicious. I had the Carnitas Gorditas. It was a bountiful offering of slow cooked pork, on a fried masa cake cut in half. Served with shredded cabbage, Queso Fresco, and a big ass dollop of sour cream. 
I ordered two thinking I was a bad ass. Not so. This was a gut busting meal. I washed it all down with a Jugo de Melon, which is cantaloupe juice. 
The bakery offerings looked delicious and inviting. 
Nice, clean place to get some good Mexican Grub.
My horchata was tasty.  The carne asada tacos were not.  I ordered just the 2 taco combo. Came with beans and rice.  Rice was kinda dry, I had to mix some salsa and beans in with it to eat it.  The carne asada was super greasy and the tortillas were not warmed up enough I think as they were kinda stiff.  The gordita's my dude ordered looked far superior to my food.  

I like how they had a little market and bakery in there.  The self serve salsa bar was nice.  This ambiance was very authentically Mexican.  Colors, smells, sounds, everything.

I'll be back to try something different.
I'm craving a gordita and a churro. You know where I'm going...

La Tolteca.

Their menu is huge, they have a bakery for all your churro needs, and YUM.

Yeah, yum.
If only it was open later...
Imagine a Filliberto's sized menu selection, even larger, without the searing stomach pains post-meal. Throw in authentic southwestern Mexican dishes served quickly and a great bakery with a huge variety of fresh Mexican sweets and this place deserved five stars hands down. The menu selection is huge and won't break the bank.

My favorite items are the tamales (pork)with the green sauce, gorditas (gf's favorite), nopales (that's cactus and any self respecting southwestern Mexican restaurant will serve these) and the Mexican sweet breads (not brains, yuck). The food comes fast and my orders have always been right. There is a salsa bar that's always stocked. It's a dine in or take out establishment with no servers. There is also a small butcher, or carneceria, inside for finding cuts of meat for making fajitas or other tastey things at home.

Not a date place but perfect if you're looking for something with a couple of friends that will fill you up and not break the bank. It's on 12th Street and Van Buren so be aware of the area. I've lived in Central or South Phoenix my whole life so I'm used to it (aka my hood). It's open for bf, lunch & dinner. I've only had the latter two but they were muy yummy. 

Oh and also I've seen that Super Burrito and it would feed a small village ... seriously. Also, even if you're taking it to go, wander over to the dining side while you're waiting the murals on the wall are funny.
I left this place feeling so full that I almost fell asleep on the light rail, then back at work I had to nap just to regain consciousness.

The atmosphere of Tolteca is great, very colorful and energizing.  The food is cooked in massive scale which matches the size of the menu.  I had the combo plate which included Carne Asada, beans and rice and tortillas.  It was enough for two, but wasn't the greatest "Mexican" I've had.  My friend had the fajitas and I am excited to go back and get them for myself.

Aren't there a bunch of cuisines in Mexico?  Why does the cheapest stuff get labeled authentic?

The bakery is immense and matches the exuberance of the rest of the decor.  I had a classic pink morning bun and a couple of the macaroons to top off the already heavy meal.

Why do I do this to myself?  If I see it, I eat it, painfully.  I will return to tolteca with visitors to Phoenix craving something authentic.
The potato tacos!  So good!

This place is a fun restaurant to take out-of-towners to get the full Mexican food experience.  A big, diverse menu, with a panaderia and a little grocer as well.  Highly recommended!
I agree with all these posts.  cheap, colorful, huge menu, good horchata, tres leches cake at the panaderia....

Not much more has to be emphasized, however, one reccommendation: get the ELOTE along with whatever you decide to get.  Its corn on a stick covered in mayo and queso- delicioso.  if you really want a treat, squirt ketchup all over it too.  mmmm market foooood
Three and a half stars to be more specific :)
This place was CRAZY busy today for lunch, not sure if it's always like that as I heard some people talking that Good Morning Arizona was doing a remote broadcast out here earlier.
I had cut a snippet from Phoenix magazine some time ago reminding me to check this place out, I'm thinkin' a kind of Ranch Market!!  Sort of I guess, it is much smaller and the 'fresh' produce occupies maybe 2 sq. ft. of cooler space since put there about two weeks ago....
Stupid long lines, very loud with music and the 'your meal is ready numero tres tres uno' Spanglish microphone girls.
The lowdown-went with three friends and had pollo asado (a.k.a. grilled chicken) plate that I split with one of them and the other two both had chicken monster tacos.  Not too bad a value, the salsa bar was included and had a number of very good candidates.  And praise be, the rice was actually pretty kick @ss!!  Pollo Asado, although flavorful, was dry and we got dark meat which tends to last a little longer over the mesquite fire.  Good BIG steamy flour tortillas.
For my money, the Ranch Market is right down the street so I'd likely go there instead of La Tolteca next time but that is a fairly high standard.
I have eaten here many times and have not been impressed with the taste of the food or the prices compared to other places. 

Today we went for lunch. 

My veggie burrito was almost $6 and not very appetizing. 

A co-worker was very disappointed also. She ordered a side salad for $3.99 and what she got was a side of shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, cilantro/onion (which we would have told them to leave off had we known they were going to put it on a salad), cheese, tortilla chips and a packet of ranch.  It seemed like a bunch of toppings thrown together with chips and ranch dressing. 

I would recommend Ranch Market (16th St./Roosevelt), Ritos (14th St/Roosevelt) or Los Charros (10th St/VanBuren) instead.
Bakery, groceries, and lunch.  Great combo.  Don't let the address limit you.  We visited for lunch before 1pm, and didn't experience any lunch crowd.  Plenty of seats.  I had a combo (Tamale, taco, tostada) which was too much food.  My friend had the Mexican Pizza, which I'll be getting next time I visit.  Soon I hope.  

P.S. If you like hibiscus tea, you can get the leaves here to make at home.
I work right down the street from La Tolteca so many of my co-workers visit here regularly. I finally visited...

FOOD
The menu has a great variety and is pretty inexpensive. However, my burrito kinda started to taste funny as I finished it up- almost like cleaning solution--- I didn't get sick so I'm not sure what that taste was. 
I like the bakery and the sweets selection and the salsa is pretty good. 

OTHER
We also use this place to cater meal for our late working employees. The catered food was a lot better than my burrito. 
 
I will give La Tolteca another chance...
I did go back and had the enchiladas plate which was what you'd expect but yummy and filling.

Good if you got the craving for mexican food. Easy on the wallet too.
Looking for counter service, tasty Mexican food? This is it. Excellent tacos, burritos and combination plates. Extensive menu. Try the al pastor anything; superb.

Plus, this place is a gigantic bakery with terrific sweets and cakes.
The best Mexican food that I've found in the valley, and absolutely worth the risk of getting shot while driving down Van Buren.  All the food I had here was incredibly fresh, delicious, and flavorful.  It seems that everything is made in-house, including the tortillas, and it shows.  Prices are great too - I got two tacos and a burrito for about $12.  I also love the huge charcoal grill in the middle of this place, although it does fill the restaurant with smoke on occasion.

What I ate:

Lengua taco - super tender and fantastic.
Carne asada taco - extremely flavorful and just really awesome.
Chile relleno burrito - a MONSTER made of delicious.  The only reason I was able to eat this and two tacos is because I'm a fatass - I'm pretty sure a normal person couldn't even finish the lone burrito.

I also tried a bite of someone else's fish taco and it was awesome.  Most places deep-fry their fish for tacos, but La Tolteca grills it, which gives a different flavor and texture that is absolutely fantastic.

The salsas are also really fresh and delicious.  Even though I prefer spicier food, the mild salsa verde was very flavorful and delicious.  The salsa habanera had a good kick to it and satisfied my craving for something hot.

La Tolteca is awesome, and it's unfortunate that I didn't find it until after I moved out of Phoenix.  I'll be sure to stop by every time I visit though, as this place is worth it.
Went for a quick lunch today and am so happy.  I have found a new spot to add to my best Mexican places in the valley.  I had the chilaquiles and WOW they were amazing.  So much flavor alone then I added the Habenero salsa and it was like a bomb going off spicing up the dish just right.  They also have the Pepsi in the bottle which I got for my beverage.  The rest of the menu looked amazing and they have $1 tacos for the value minded people.  Definitely check this place out you won't regret it.
I've never had a bad dish from Tolteca!  Portions are huge, but the prices are small.  Save room on the way out because their bakery is top notch!
I don't usually say this.  O.M.G.

I recently reviewed Gallo Blanco Cafe in Phoenix, which fell into the "cleaned up but still cheap" category of Mexican food.  Tolteca is definitely in the "local grimy Tacqueria" category.  And it's one of the best I've ever been to (including in LA and SF).

The carnitas burro blew me away.  Fresh, homemade flour tortilla makes a huge difference.  Carnitas were incredibly moist and tasty. Fresh guacamole, great salsa.  Everything about this dramatically more delicious than your average Tacqueria burro, while still being simple and not just trying to win you over with loads of sour cream and cheese.

Save room for dessert, too - they have a great pastelería too
I always find myself here before flights out of Sky Harbor. Just like walking into a mercado! Yummy stuff. Haven't tried everything on the menu, but can't see where they'd go wrong.
So this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley.  The staff are awesome, you get monstrous portions of food, and really there is no reason not to like this place.  The bakery sells some absolutely great items.  It is your friendly, neighborhood Tolteca.
"Eat when you're hungry and eat 'til you're happy"...one of the rules I live by:)

One of the simpler rules, really...so much less difficult to deal with than other rules:

* "Neither a borrower, nor a lender be" - sure, great advice when the economy is in the crapper, but you might want to think about levering up in boom times:)

* "Do not covet thy neighbor's wife" - Hey, if I hadn't done a little coveting, the Beautiful Carin would not be my blushing bride today:)

* 9.80665 m/s2 = 1G - It's not just a good idea, it's the law (probably...in this universe:)

And so it came to pass that I was, in fact, hungry after my run and before I hit the driving range yesterday...one of my buddies called and suggested La Tolteca.

I said "Who?"...The Toltec?

But Wes seems to know his Mexican food and I seem to enjoy decent Mexican food, so off I went...to a really interesting part of town:)

I guess I don't get out much...hookers ambling up and down the street at 11:30 am?...People urinating behind dumpsters in the parking lot?...The unmistakable (and appetite enhancing) aroma of ganga being smoked nearby?

I don't see much of that from my deck in Old Town:)

I also don't get tamales that are this good in Old Town, either...m'mmm, m'mmm good...with a great big side of atmosphere:)

I chose wisely and thoroughly enjoyed my number 3...two plump, succulent and spicy beef tamales, covered with red sauce...I added a couple of little plastic cups of habanero salsa to my Styrofoam plate and headed for a table in the well muraled dining area (the murals really are nice...an artistic depiction of life on Van Buren, near La Tolteca...bright and colorful:)

BTW, La Tolteca is a market and bakery, too!

If you happened to want...oh, say a beer or 4 at lunch, you can swing through the market and pick up a six pack of Bud for about what you'd pay for one beer at Loco Patron...and after lunch, you can grab a cupcake on your way out for about 95 cents (about 3% of what you'd pay for a crapcake at Sprinkles:)

Wes and I chatted and ate...the tamales were excellent...the company was excellent...I was charmed, by both La Tolteca itself (a sweet little outpost) and by the grittiness of this stretch of Van Buren (a street that gives us all a glimpse of how a post apocalyptic world might look).

It was worth the trip, for the food, for the look into another world and for a chance to catch up with my pal:)

Go during daylight hours...park in the very safe "hooker patrolled" parking lot...avert your eyes from the public urination ("ma'am...that's really not appropriate":) and have a super burrito or a couple of tamales at La Tolteca...eat 'til you're happy:)
My bird-eating wife got the chilaquiles last time and I stole some of the meatless parts. Amazing and spicy! Next time we're on Van Buren, I'm asking for chilaquiles plus a fried egg, minus the chicken.

Best thing? Try the potato tacos. That's right. Potato. Tacos. Yum.

La Tolteca is fantastic. Every time I go in, I'm tempted to walk out with a (paid-for) molcajete. Instead, I walk out too-full because I wanted to try so many things.
I haven't been to La Tolteca for several years but yesterday we were down the street at the Children's Museum of Phoenix so we just had to go.

What can I say? These guys make some awesome everyday! There's no Mexican food any better in my opinion (including all those 'bertos places) on this side of the border. Huge portions, great prices and there's so much other things there to compliment the food.

Other then the food, there's a grocery store in there as well as some other stuff you can buy. I got a kick out of the 3 foot loofahs. Not sure what you would do with one, but they were interesting to play with. Cadie (my 2 year old) and I had a loofah sword fight.

I kinda want to buy the tortilla making stuff and try my hand at home made tortillas. Maybe I will next time I'm there :)
Why did it take me nearly 2 years of living downtown to finally make it here?
This big, busy, authentic, smoky, banged up place is a combination bakery, meat market, grocery, deli, & restaurant!  The restaurant serves ala carte items as well as breakfast, lunch & dinner combinations from an extensive menu up over the counter.  On top of that, I asked them to customize my meal, & it was no problemo.

You order & pay at the counter, & they call you when it's ready for you to take to the table of your choice in their big, comfortable dining room.  I asked them to make me up a combination plate with a chile relleno, a beef tamale, plus beans & rice.  They also offered me flour or corn tortillas, & I chose corn.  

Pretty soon my number was called, & here they gave me FIVE roasting hot tortillas wrapped up in aluminum foil!  You help yourself to the salsa bar, & I had the salsa verde, which was so good I didn't even sample any of the others.  In fact, everything was terrific, & the whole meal was amazingly inexpensive at $6.48!

If you want a place that "looks clean", this isn't that.  If you want generous portions of really good Mexican food, hop in your Chivy & whip over here ahorita!  This place has tons of character, & the food is very, very good!
Don't fall for the SUPER BURRITO OR TACO thinking your going to get more food for your buck. Instead, they fill each with so much "filler" garbage to make it look bigger! Meat, beans, cheese amounts remain the same as if you ordered a regular. Plus, CANNOT seem to completely get an order right to save their lives. Seems more often than not, something is missing from my combination dinners. I have ordered a side of supposedly "fresh" tortilla chips, and been given stale, old chips. Never mind the vagrant, homeless, beggars that meander through the restaurant, and hit you up for $ while you are trying to eat. It's too bad. I live practically right down the st., and would give them tons of business otherwise. To end on a good note, the BAKERY ROCKS! Best baklava (sp?) around! Friendly staff too!
This place makes really, really authentic Mexican food.  It's part restaurant, bakery, and grocery.  I go here for the Burritos.  Big, soft, house made tortilla and filling! I always order green chile, chicken, deep fried.  It's sooo huge, but good!  You can do Enchilada style or plain, option to add your typical toppings like Guac, sour cream, cheese, etc.
Awesome Mexican Tienda Joint - super friendly staff, almost too many menu choices to choose from - I had what was recommended by the cashier - the steak fajitas - and they were incredible - I left stuffed with tender beef, guacamole, fresh tortillas, peppers, rice, beans, chips, salsa muy rica...  Format is super casual - you order at the counter and if you want to eat it there they bring it out to you in the seating area. While not expected given the format, drop in a tip and you can tell they really appreciate it. 

They have an excellent salsa bar, and sell a wide variety of mexican beer, and it's priced  sooo right.  I'll be back for sure next time I'm in Phoenix.
Easily one of my favorite, authentic Mexican food spots.The menu has everything one could ever crave and the salsa bar provides a wide range of choices.  I have been looking for a great, down-home, authentic Mexican joint for three years--I finally found it. Perfect.
OK ok ok.  I'll have to agree with some of the below reviewers that this place isn't dead-on authentic Mexican food.  That being said, I love it!  The place is huge, sporting a bakery (said many times before) with unbelievably dirt cheap pastries (not said as many times before), a little carniceria (not as good as Carniceria Sonora) and a huge dining area.  

The dining area with all its painted mural glory is so goddamn cool that I find myself wanting to just hang out there for hours watching La Primera Division de Mexico on TV and enjoying a nice $2 Dos Equis.  

The food - that's probably the only tougher part.  Keep in mind it's still pretty good, but there are better places in the area for getting your Mexican on food wise.  The potato taco is worth getting because it's fairly unique, but it came out so soggy that I had to eat it with a fork.  I grabbed a couple of the Yelp-Advertised taquitos as well - keep in mind these are not the Circle K, rolling taquitos.  They are literally just smaller tacos, but they were damn good.

I guess when it comes down to it, I'm an atmosphere buff.  There were so many cool things to check out in this multi-plex, and the atmosphere was so warm that I'd love to head back again soon.
Decent, consistent Mexican food!
What a gem. This place is just true blue delicious.

Let me put it like this, everytime I have gone there for some reason a bunch of Firefighters were eating there. Firefighters love good food and eat a lot but do not make a lot of money. If this place fits their needs then it exceeds mine.

I always get one of the Tortas and usually take a few Churros with dulce de leche filling.

This place is just genuine.
It's a taqueria in a Latino supermarket.  Nothing special but you have choices. 

They will have just about everything you may like. It's not gourmet and some things are just sitting in the pans but at least you can look at what you want.

I'd go back if I just needed something quick....
Okay, so because I'm so excited to have eaten here, and I want to use obscenities to describe the deliciousness, I have decided to replace any PG-13 words with PG words. And....

This place was flippin' good! I mean, gosh darn! How the heck did they just do that? Each bite made whoopee to my taste buds and stayed around afterwards to cuddle! It's not everyday that I find a restaurant that I absolutely want to be a regular at, but La Tolteca is a restaurant that I can see myself having a healthy relationship with, and, if I'm lucky, possibly growing old with. I'm all for market-style restaurants, and La Tolteca seriously nailed it!

Okay, now that that's out of my system, here's what I tried: I tried the chips and salsas, huevos rancheros and the chilaquiles. The chips were fresh as can be (still warm in the bag), and the salsas...oh the salsas...they were all great, but the stand out had to be the habanero. It was definitely one of the best salsas I've ever had, and my girlfriend considered it the best she had ever had. That's not to be taken lightly because we eat salsa almost religiously. Because my girlfriend got the chilaquiles, I went with the huevos rancheros. They were piping fresh and everything one would expect. The second I cut open the yolk of the egg and saw the yellow and red run together, I knew I was in for a treat. The flavors of that mixed with beans and a little rice were really great! For those of you that have had good huevos rancheros before you'll know what to expect. Alright, and lastly the chilaquiles. In all seriousness, these were the best, and I mean the BEST chilaquiles I've ever had! I'm not sure exactly what was going on in the kitchen, but I suspect a tiny sprinkling of crack right before it was served to us, but that may have just been the garlic. Either way though, it was phenomenal! Every single bite made me so happy, and even after everyone was full at the table, we still managed to pick away at it until it was completely consumed.

Every person reading this needs to do themselves a favor and endure the trip to Central Phoenix for this place. If you love Mexican food (especially chilaquiles), La Tolteca should not disappoint in the slightest.
Someone recommend this place for my trip to Phoenix, so I thought I would give it a try. 

carne asada burrito
Fish tacos
Super Nachos

I'm kicking myself for not yelping this place first and checking out the famous items. Upon arriving the location I was totally overwhelmed by the menu, people and the bakery/market. I'm not use to seeing this back in Cali. I was somewhat in a trance and didn't realize what I was ordering until after I got my food. I wish I put more thought into it. Don't get me wrong, the food was good but I wished I got something else. 
My only complaint was that my carne asada burrito was more tortilla and beans then meat.
Places like this are the highlight of living in Arizona. Good access to cheap, delicious and authentic Sonoran food. I tried Chilaquiles here for the first time and they were amazing!! The horchata was pretty run of the mill but the empanadas were fantastic! 

I also really like the market they have. A really great place to have in the neighborhood.
My Dad and I went to get some latin food.  I have been before so I knew what to expect.  This place has really good authentic food at a really good price.  

I got the Posole which was excellent and a huge portion and I got a beef tamale.  I also had the cantaloupe drink and it was awesome.  

If you haven't been you gotta check this place out.
If you are looking for great authentic Mexican food, with the mindset of not having to roll out the cash, check out La Tolteca.  It is located in central phoenix and provides a lively atmosphere.  It is unique outlook, having the tri-fecta of restaurant, bakery, and market; it provides everything you need for a good breakfast, lunch, and/or dinner experience.  Once famous for its "super burrito" eating time challenge, in which eating 3 "super burritos" in 3 minutes would win 300 dollars, the "super burrito" remains its main attraction.  So whether you are looking for a new taste or an authentic one, and want to do it while saving money, come and visit La Tolteca Restaurant.
I thought it was okay.
My food came really wrong.
I really liked the chips.
I love that I have a slice of Mexico in walking distance from my apartment.  I always get the exact same thing at La Tolteca.  Chicken enchiladas with rice and beans.  Green sauce.  No lettuce.  With a side of the tomatillo salsa.  I should probably try something nice, but if it ain't broke, then why try and fix it.

What's great about La Tolteca is that it is a to go place, a sit down restaurant, and a bakery.  It's festive and inviting inside even if the Van Buren surroundings sometimes aren't.  

So to summarize: authentic, affordable and delicious Mexican food.
Any place that can provide me tamales on a whim is A Ok! to me!! Great menu for breakfast. Authentic Mexican dishes and lots of choices. Also a market so you can buy things to go. Their food is fresh and yummy! Can't beat that! Prices are really cheap too! So long Filiberto's!!
Grew up coming here and I love every time coming here. Someone complained that it wasn't that good because their meal which consisted of a side salad was not that "great." Are you kidding me? Who the heck grades a Mexican food place based on a side salad? Whatever. My enchiladas were great, the sauce was excellent and my rice and beans were of excellent moist and flavorful quality. I have always found the rice at Filiberto's to be dry but the rice here is very moist due to their being more tomato sauce in it and a compound called salt. 

Try the bakery, there are many excellent pastries to try and the salsa bar has more variety than you can find at the more common walk up Mexican eateries. As for all the comments on the parking lot being shady, honestly in the evening many families come in here to grab something to take home or to have a family meal. Seriously people, the parking lot was clean and well-lit, everything looked freshly painted and clear of trash. Come down off of your high horse and enjoy some good food.
AWESOME!  Feels like you are walking into Mexico. The food is fantastic.
This is a place not to miss! We have been to all the Mexican spots in the Valley (Los Dos Molinos, TeePee, Nando's, Ajo Al's,) and this is our new favorite!

We decided to give this place a try after a few years of living here and had a great authentic experience. The huevos rancheros were amazing and my husband had the chicken tacos- which were fantastic!

Don't be scared away by what part of town it's in- it adds to the experience! Be sure to get a pastry to go, the bakery is amazing!
So, whenever you have a California gurl in a Mexican Restaurant, it has to be good.  My weary tummy has not had anything substantial all day, and having read the best of the best about the amazing La Tolteca, I decided to let me feet hit the street & check out this local flor in the rough.  Well, I have to say the reviews are all TRUTH.  
The green enchilada's were my choice as I've not ever been huge fan of the red sauce, in addition to a full range of all that one could feast your immediate appetite too, there is also fresh tortillas, candy, the bakery which is a temptation I did avoid (thank you P90X) and yes, I did say it, the temptation is the BAKERY,  the smells hit your nose before you even step in, yeast, sugar and spices, La Raza!  
Enjoy your time, don't rush, I wandered around and grabbed my favorite Fanta to connect the true flavors of home, Cali and my youth, thanks for the great time La Tolteca, and you'd better be sure that I'll be stopping in again with re-inforcements.   
Gracias & Happy Eating
La Tolteca is probably the most interesting Mexican food restaurant in Phoenix. The building houses a bakery and a market in addition to the lunch counter. On the walls of the eating area is a cartoon mural that is always very entertaining while eating. 

The food is fantastic. I haven't had any disappointments for the 7 years I've been eating there. You can get some real authentic food here. If there are Mexicans in a Mexican food restaurant, it is always a good sign!
First time in, a little smokey but hey what's smoke when your getting great eats.
Excellent fish tacos I would have no problem saying one of THE best fish tacos in Phoenix. The carne asada burro was ok, meat was average in terms tenderness, good cuts and a little seasoned/salty but a cool cerveza would of complimented it nicely. 
I will be coming back! The locals gave me the stink eye but that's just because I found out about one of Phoenix's best kept secrets.
These guys were tucked in the Latin area at the March of Dimes, where as the American hot dogs were in the central area. Well, their meat with red and green chili tostadas were sublime. The meager hot dog does not stand a chance when you have a choice. Although the apple empanadas were more popular I am going to have to urge for adventure. The pineapple empanadas knocked it out of the park and were a nice doughy light contrast to many of the heavy greasy versions I have tried elsewhere.  If they can do this well catering, I can only imagine how wonderful they will be on site. The boyfriend and I can't wait!
A Phoenix native told me I had to try the mexican food while I was in town, so I stopped by La Tolteca and I was happy I did.  I tired out a torta and a couple of sopas.  The al pastor sopa was right on as was the the carne asada.  My milanesa torta was a bit chewy but otherwise prepared with great fresh veggies.  Hit up the salsa bar for some extra flavor!  Enjoy!
Best Mexican food we've found so far. Great bakery, sometimes they have trays of what I call Mexican sliders. Small round sandwiches, one has ham, a sliced jalapeno pepper, and shredded cheese. If you order the fish dinner it comes with the head on. Very tasty. Meats you won't find anywhere else, cabeza, lengua.
You know the feeling you get when you haven't had a decent meal in what seems like days and all you want to do is break the fast with something amazing? That's the feeling I had yesterday afternoon when I foolishly decided to try La Tolteca for the first time...

Why was this a foolish decision? Because I got sick. Super duper sick. Which I should have known was going to happen because the Fish Burro I ordered tasted terrible. And now, here I am, 24 hours later, still trying to keep fluids in my body in between trips to the bathroom.

Now I know what you're thinking... "What does he expect? He ordered a Fish Burro!" And I know. You're right. It's just that I've had such good luck with fish tacos at a couple of other restaurants lately (Canteen, Tacos Atoyac) that I decided to see what sort of magic La Tolteca could create with their mahi mahi. Apparently their in-house magician has Mondays off.

I seriously don't know why there's so many four and five star reviews of this place on Yelp. It's not that great. Even if my burrito hadn't made me ill, I still would have felt compelled to write something to balance all the positive reviews on here. Maybe the corn tortillas they use on their tacos deserve the accolades that other reviewers can't seem to stop talk about, but my flour tortilla was below average. It was dry and it tasted like paper.

As for the burro, I specifically asked about the filling prior to ordering it and I was told that it only contained cabbage, fresco cheese and guacamole. Sadly, when I took my first bite, out spewed a white, mayonnaise-like substance. The burro's filling was more like a fish salad of sorts and it tasted off. Very off. And the fish wasn't hot. Actually, nothing it the burro was the least bit warm. And the guacamole was on the side--not inside the burro. But again, I was starving at this point so I took it down. Every last bite.

I knew immediately that something was wrong. I considered removing the food from my body as soon as I got outside, but I decided to keep my finger out of mouth and let things settle. Big mistake. There would be no settling. I consider myself to have an iron gut, too. I can basically eat anything in any quantity (not that I do this often) but normally I have good luck. I haven't been this sick since eating food from a middle-of-nowhere farmstand while bike touring in the Caribbean.

I'm giving La Tolteca two stars because I did like their hot sauces--all of them. And they have cheap beer, too ($2 Coronas all day, every day). However, as Michael S. noted in an earlier review, everything I tried tasted off. Tangy is fine when that's what a place is going for, but everything I ate tasted slightly tangy in a ugh-this-is-going-to-make-me-sick sort of way. Not cool.

So that's that. I really don't think I'll be back. I have no desire to explore the bakery case and there's way too many small taquerias around to take any more chances with this high-volume, supermarket of a restaurant.
I love La Tolteca the variety of truly authentic Mexican fare.  

My Mom was in town from Alaska and craving some good Mexican food so I took here to La Tolteca to get her fix.  We had a shrimp ceviche tostada, lengua taco, taco al pastor, and chile rellanos.  All were excellent and with the habenero salsa they had a nice kick that left a tickle in our throats.  

I will for sure be back and I know anytime my Mom visits this is a must eat place for her.
CHILAQUILES! CHILAQUILES! CHILAQUILES!

They are like a punch in the gut that you will ask for over and over again.  Also, the little sammiches at the bakery counter.  With a slice of ham, a little bit of melted cheese, and a roasted pepper - on a sesame bun.  Worth ever literal penny you will pay for them.
With so many places to eat Mexican food in Phoenix, this is my absolute favorite for Mexican casual dining. The staff is friendly and remembered me the 2nd time I ever came in, and every time since.  The ambiance and decor is fun and the food - oh the food is amazing!  I have brought several people here who doubted my claim of "best in Phoenix" and they all left agreeing with me.

I confess that I tend to stick to a few favorites and always over-order, but it's all so tasty!  Their super nachos are much more "super" if you put carne asada on them instead of the standard ground beef.  I had never had elotes con todos (corn with everything) before coming here, but somehow, steamed corn on a stick with mayo, chili powder and cheese is a winning combination. Who knew?  There is no way to eat this corn daintily but it's so good that I don't care.  I can floss later.

The carne asada or carnitas soft tacos are consistently high quality but the real reason I pilgrimage here from clear across town is the fish tacos.  The mahi mahi is perfectly seasoned and flaky, with homemade tartar sauce and queso fresco.  I personally skip the rice and beans because they do use lard in the beans and that doesn't always sit well with me.  The salsa verde from the always well stocked salsa bar is noteworthy and good on nearly everything and just a few drops of habanero salsa on my fish taco is enough for great flavor and a little kick without totally setting my insides on fire. If you like ceviche, try the tostada de ceviche - a great little value for the price - shrimp, avocado, onion, tomato and lime for under $3?  I couldn't make it for that cheap!

The latest development at La Tolteca is the construction of an outdoor BBQ grill just outside the entrance closest to the parking lot. Perhaps this will reduce smokiness inside from the somewhat poorly ventilated indoor grill.  That would be great.

Before you leave, be sure to pick up some churros and a fruit empanada or two, or even some arroz con leche (rice pudding) at the panaderia (bakery). Even if you (like me) ordered too much and don't have any room left for sweets, they're just as good as a late-night snack once you get home.
Had lunch here yesterday and have to say that they have great carne asada burritos.  Fresh Food and a huge portion.  Definitely the best burrito I have had in Phx.  The only downside is the neighborhood--probably not the best place to be at night.  Reminds me of Taquerias in the mission district of San Francisco--yummy
If you don't like La Tolteca, just go to Taco Bell for the rest of your life, because you obviously don't enjoy food. Your eating privileges should be revoked, in fact. 
 THIS IS MY FAVORITE Mexican place in the ENTIRE COUNTRY, and if you look through my reviews, it's quite obvious that Mexican food is my #1 reason to live. The menu selection is HUGE. My favorites are: The Shrimp Tacos.. SO GOOD. Big hot corn tortillas, with gigantic grilled spicy shrimp, red & green bell pepper, and onions. Their Chile Rellenos are simply the best I've ever had.. They are egg dipped, stuffed with perfectly melted cheese, and the peppers are huge, spicy and ROASTED. *dies* YES. None of that soggy baby food tasting relleno you may find elsewhere. This is the real deal! Papas taco is great, Elotes are awesome, etc etc.. The only let down has been the Fish taco.. it's just kinda dull.. but why eat that when there are the OMFG FALL OVER SO GOOD shrimp tacos. Also the environment is unique, festive, and cheery, and the staff are great too.. the owner is a doll.. I just love her :D Before I forget.. THE SALSA BAR.. Absolutely the best salsa in Phoenix, and if you can't deal with heat, then go cry about it somewhere else.. There are several types and styles ranging from mild to BURN YER TONGUE OFF, and there are also roasted chiles and that marinated trio of carrots, cauliflour and something else I can't remember right now :P  I'm not even going to start about the desserts, cuz they speak for themselves..
La Tolteca is one of those Mexican gems in Phoenix that I get worried about too many Gringos (hey, I know I am one of them) finding out about.

Cheap, tasty. It is a seat-yourself eatery and small market combined with a bakery. I like that they have a decent selection of baked goods, but there are a few local panaderias that do it a bit better. HOWEVER, their salsa bar is top notch and their food is delicious. I personally love La Tolteca because it is one of the only places in the valley that regularly has green corn tamales available. The staff is always very pleasant, and the food is always good.

This place does get pretty hectic at meal times and on weekends, but the seating area is rather large. Sometimes the service gets a bit backed up, but honestly, it just adds to the lively feel of the place.
Great salsa bar, yummy burritos, interesting location, and delicious bakery! Love going there.
Service is fairly decent. Don't expect to hear "can I help you here" but a "what do you need" look. The food is a little above average. Serving size is large, guacamole is fresh, tortilla's are warm & flan is delicious. I recommend the fish taco's, the chile relleno burro and calling in your orders.
I love the legit places in the downtown neighborhood that have seen it through all of the transitions and still are respected and are staples in the community. La Tolteca is one of those Phoenix restaurants that has been there for decades. My grandmother used to buy her corn husks from them to make tamales, which is so amazing to me. 

I first went here for a burrito and fell in love with it's legitimate Mexican street food taste, and it filled me up and made me happy! The atmosphere is festive. You order at the counter, gaze at the bright colors surrounding you, and watch the wide array of people eating and talking. It's festive! There are no frills here, it is just simple and delicious. I have been back for the huevos rancheros and love the runny eggs and beans and fresh tortillas, aye! So good. I will keep supporting their authentic menu and spreading the word!
This review is based solely on the market, since I haven't actually ordered food here.
That being said, La Tolteca rocks.

There's a Christmas tradition that I partake of, and it causes me all sorts of problems.  Every year I cater a holiday party, and every year I'm scrambling to get my preparations done.

This year I needed some butt.  Pork butt to be exact.  Not being satisfied with what I found at the grocery store and being in need of some Mexican spices I turned to La Tolteca.  I was not disappointed.

The butcher counter has a small but excellent selection.  You haven't lived until you see a window full of cow tongue!  The butcher was great and the prices were beyond reasonable.

I'll definitely return to La Tolteca, and next time I'll actually eat there.
Hands down the best flour tortillas I have ever had. I had a carne asada burrito and I couldn't tell you what the meat tasted like because all I can remember is that tortilla. It was soft, thick and flavorful, it definitely made the burrito.
It was decided that the culmination of our Southwest trip would involve a "grand finale" for Mexican dining, so the burden was on the Yelp iPhone App as we sped toward Phoenix looking for a solid lunch place near the airport. Given that Yelp never fails, the deceptively named La Tolteca Mexican Foods was presented before us as an attractive option. Hesitant as to whether it was actually just a Mexican grocery store, we hustled in to see what the buzz was about. Now, I know I live in the Northeast (veritable Mexican food desert), but "Oh. My. Gahhhhhhhhhhhhh..." This place is amazing. 

One of the most appealing things to me about La Tolteca was its no-nonsense approach to everything. Food is ordered from a board menu above a counter and prepared in a small kitchen area in front of you. Slightly further back lies the grocery store component which does have an interesting (Maybe typical for Phoenix, but what do I know?) variety of Mexican groceries and specialties to recommend it. Back to the food though... that really was the main event. I ordered a chicken burrito which came out quickly and was f---ing enormous. Imagine the beams of light shining down from above when I turned around a spotted the salsa bar! I was able to taste all of their salsas including the piquant green chili pepper one which I am still thinking about. There's a vast dining area to the back where you can bring your food and beverage to gorge and take in this amazing experience. Maybe I just love Mexican food too much... Who knows, but I was really a happy camper here. 

We looked over and spotted some people eating burritos that were literally the size of loaves of Wonder Bread, so consider that as one more reason to go (though even I, self-proclaimed food eater extraordinaire could not fathom eating one of those). The prices are ridiculously cheap, and the food was amazing, flavorful and truly memorable. Overall, another highly recommended and worthwhile stop in Phoenix if you're nearby.
We had to be near downtown today, and when scrolling through nearby restaurants on my phone I saw this one.  On Google it's rated 5 stars.  Here it's 4 stars.  And only a single dollar sign!  So we drove over.

The place looks like something you might find in Mexico.  No hostess.  Walk up to the counter, order your food, wait for your number to be called, walk into the dining area (ducking under a low arch if you over 6' tall) where you are greeted with basic tables and chairs.  Seriously...if you didn't know you were in Phoenix you'd swear you were in an eatery in Mexico.  They also have a bakery and a market attached to the food counter.

On to the actual food.  As this was my first time here I ordered the chimi.  I usually do that so I have a basis for comparison to other places.  My wife had the albondigas soup.  We both liked our dishes.  The chimi was done perfectly.  A light crunch of the shell.  Not overcooked, not greasy.  The chicken was moist and tender.  And it was a pretty big chimi.  I think one does need to add some pico to it because the chicken's seasoning was very mild.  The pico added just a bit of flavor that really made the difference.  And the Mexican rice was very nice.

I wish it wasn't so far from home (Gilbert) because I'd love to make this my "regular" spot for Mexican food.  I would say it blows away just about every place else I've found in the Valley, and is neck-and-neck with Guerrero's (in Tempe).  I can't choose between the two at this moment.

I hope to return here, and will be trying something different.  Their menu is pretty extensive with several traditional dishes (including menudo, lengua, and albondigas).
The grocery store is cool, pastries looked delicious and the overall vibe of the place was cool. But our burritos were not great. Moved to Phoenix 6 years ago and have yet to find anything close to a Bay Area burrito. What is so hard about having the whole thing heated through?? Still searching.
Wow. Currently in a chilaquile-induced coma. Been here a few times and I'm finally getting around to writing a review. It's smoky, kinda loud, with a butcher, bakery, market, and restaurant all in one. Today is the first time I've seen fellow gringos here, it must be catching on!

Make sure to try the habanero salsa and chilaquiles. I insist! The chicken ones are the best in my opinion. It's probably enough for two people to share as a meal (or if you're a glutton like me you can eat the whole thing by yourself and be miserable). Also had the bacon breakfast torta today--amazing! Kept stealing bites from my dining partner in crime. have yet to be disappointed by anything here but the chilaquiles are definitely what I come for.
I don't understand why people eat here. The food is greasy, the restaurant/ store/bakery smells, and you get that smell with you in your clothes. I went over a week ago with some coworkers as an "appreciation " meal, thanks but no thanks. I am from Mexico, and even the street restaurants are better than this.
Good selection of food but I think you have to make it your own if not you get a pretty basic plate such as shredded meat of your choice with green or red sauce. I go with the grilled carne asada burrito with jalapenos which are fresh and cooked as well. Even the vegetarian burrito with fajita veggies is delish. To make it even better they have a habenero salsa that is awesome! But BEWARE you will come out and smell like you been standing in front of the bbq grill pretty much from the smoke of their inside grill. Also try their sweet breads! Peace.
La Tolteca is Restaurant/Bakery/Market and sells the best authentic Mexican food I've ever had in the states.  The atmosphere is fast paced/to-go style and there isn't a thing on the menu that isn't to die for!  No need to get dressed up, just sit back, get messy, and enjoy!
I have not been here in years. I was very happy and excited to find that it is still as good as I remembered. I had a green chili burrito. It was a man's man sized burrito. It was packed with meat. I did not need to order sides, as this was very filling. The habanero salsa was just like Nana made back in the day. Good stuff. I left with a full tummy and my eyes rolling in the back of my head. Yummy. You have to try it.
Visited again recently.  This time I had the beef burrito.  Oh...my...god...it was GOOD!  Very good seasoning, Unlike my chicken chimi last time, no need to add anything to the beef burrito!

Also ordered was a pork (carnitas) burrito.  Use the green salsa from the salsa bar and it becomes really good too!

And we took tamales home.  Can you guess?  Yeah...they were really good!!

It's almost enough to make me wish I lived downtown.
Wow. Amazing authentic Mexican. Its the real thing. No frills, super casual, just damn good food. 

Theres also a Mexican grocer in the back to check out with all the real goods to take home and cook.
Why do I always feel bloated when I leave...I must always eat way too much.  La Tolteca is very good, authentic Phoenix-style Mexican Food.  The corn and flour tortillas are great, as is the green tomatillo/avocado sauce.  The meats / fish are tender and marinates are tasty.  The portions are to huge (if there is one item to complain about).  Awesome bakery too...especially the tres' leche cake.
Amazing!  Order the super nachos to go!!
What can I say, Mexican food wonderland! I had the Torta Cubana (basically everthing in teh entire world plus an egg) that was the best I've ever had, and I'm a total torta whore. Wifey had the Chilaquiles, which were pretty spicy so beware. They had a great looking menu and the prices were just right. Wifey isn't crazy to come back, but I'd get that torta if I was in the area and wanted to eat until I puked...which is a compliment
They messed up our orders, they took forever, and the place is a little dirty. It's my belief that a restaurant or business should never express their political views, which this restaurant has failed at (signage). It was nothing too special. Tortilla's were good! But that's not enough to bring me back.
This place is the real deal.  No server, just order at the counter and wait for your magic number to be called.  There are so many tempting things around you to eat while you are waiting which just makes you feel like you are waiting forever.  They serve beer here so that's good to know.  If you are looking for a restaurant experience then go somewhere else.  The burritos are HUGE and the plates all come with rice and beans (this is important to me LOL) the salsas are all very good.  I will be eating here again!
The red and green sauces have a gravy taste that complements the food, as opposed to being saucy, covering the food.  I had tamales carnitas in red sauce. The maza to meat ratio was perfect.  I actually ate the beans and rice that came with the meal.  They put cabbage on the top instead of lettuce, which made a nice crunch feel in the meal, and not just garnish.  
Do not expect a beautiful sitting area.  It's a restaurant grocery bakery place in downtown Phoenix, right.  

Wonderful.
Had a much better visit then 1 year prior.  My Order was ToGo.  The A la carte Taco's were generous on the meat and flavor.  Especialy the Tripa and Pastor.  The Carne asada was my least favorite.   The Chile Rellano was very nice.  The  Bakery Items that I enjoyed were the Bread Pudding, not the american style but a buttery Bar/Cake style and the sweet Potatoe filled Empanada which was a sweat soft  bread filled with autumn flavored sweet potatoes.  I will return for the Tripas Taco, Chille Rellano and the Bread pudding without a doubt.   The prices are very reasonable and there is plenty of parking in this Market style Order and wait business.  Do not go if you looking for a Nueva taco bistro or fancy setting.
This place has great fresh cooked and made mexican food.  Out of all the mexican places in Arizona (which are alot but awful) I will go back here
MUY AUTHENTICO!!
When you see los chonchos eating here, you know it's good.

I always avoid Mexican restaurants because everyone does this slap together something that's so standard and has no flavor unless you get some standard bright red sauce. WELL NO MORE!!

My friend had a Groupon (or something similar) for this place so we went. 
When you walk in, you're smacked with the delicious smoke from the FIRE-GRILLED meats they use for your meal! When I smelled that, my anticipation was amplified. You wander past the breads, pastries and cakes, and order from the board and take a seat. Your order number is announced bilingually when ready. Spartan seating, nice colorful tablecloths covered with plastic. Worn floor tile that can take centuries of traffic. You'll see what I mean.

I had the pastor (pork) taco plate with refried beans (slightly runny) and Mexican rice (clumpy), and I accented with selections from the free salsa bar. The salsa bar has whole roasted jalapeños (you might need to peel some skin off) with onion slices (interesting roasted flavor), another section of veggies, then chopped onions, then cilantro, then salsas in descending heat to the right, begining with habañero red salsa on the left! Made me sweat! WATCH OUT, tell your friends, this is no ordinary salsa that you randomly grab and dump on your stuff. Pico de gallo is at the right end, and the MILD red salsa is next to it. The green salsa is DELICIOUS and mild as well.

Sin piedad por gringo: Habanero shot challenge! 2 people or more AFTER your meal. Have ice cream ready. Beer or water won't help.

My friend ordered two tamales, one chicken one pork, both wrapped in different leaves. Definite authentic flavor. We also got Jamaica ("ha-MAI-ca") which is a super sweet red hibiscus juice. You can also get bottled Mexican beers for $1.99. DEAL!! 

Water is located on the left side of the ordering counter in a self-serve container. 
Extra napkins (you WILL need them) are not readily available, you must ask for your plush paper napkins. Makes sense, they're more expensive, not cheap fiber napkins recycled from cardboard. 
There's also a small grocery area. You can get fresh warm tortillas, a few veggies, some pork ($3.99/lb), authentic chicharones.

Super Inside Skinny: That's freshly made molé in bags at the grocery counter.

Cool Inside Skinny: 24 pack of Mexican sodas (Coke, Pepsi, Sprite I saw, but there might be others, maybe Fanta?) in glass bottles for $16. 
I usually buy them for a buck each at the gas station on the fly, but there's the real deal right there. Works out to 66.66 cents each as you can see!

So overall I'm sold and pleased with La Tolteca. 
THIS is where you want to take your tourist friends when they come.
This has to be the most ghetto and disrespectful dive I've ever been to. I usually don't play the race card, but unless you are a Spanish speaking Latino you will not be treated well by the staff.

As soon as I walked up to the counter, a pregnant cashier rolled her eyes and asked dully what I wanted. I couldn't pronounce the name of the combo I wanted but I blurted out the number associated with it and it had a picture. She looked over her shoulder at one of her associates and said something. The only words I caught were "token gringo customer."

They shared a giggle.  They were speaking in that half-assed Spanish that has a little English mixed in. Suffice it to say I was offended and promptly cancelled the order. I have not returned since then
With 4 stars on yep I was hoping for a tasty breakfast but after a long wait I got a plate of overcooked eggs, weird tasting greasy bacon, completely undercooked potatoes (how hard is it to cook taters until they are brown?) and the toast they served tasted just like the greasy grill, terrible. It was all really inedible as was the Menudo that my girlfriend ordered. Disgusting. Also people are in there at 10am drinking large beers, very weird place. Is it a restaurant, store, bar? Not sure.. I am sure it sucks though and I will never go back.
If you want true Mexican food at a very reasonable price, and your plate not just full, but spilling over with spicy delights, this is THE place! I will definitely come back here!
One of the best Mexican Restaurant's!
I've been to La Tolteca more than 5 times and everytime I've been there I've been satisfied. I love their tamales. I always get the red beef tamales. They are always warm and moist. Yum! I have tried the chicken tamales and they just aren't as good. They used to have a meat deli on the side by the register but when i visited a couple days ago it was gone and I'm not sure why. There salsa is great too! I love the guacamole and the extra hot salsa. The owner is so nice and you'll sometimes see her in the back preparing the food. One time when our order was ready, I brought the food to our table and my mother had ordered pork tacos by mistake and she meant to say beef tacos and they went ahead and exchange her order. 
I've read a couple of the comments on the breakfast and I wouldn't recommend it. My brother didn't really like eggs but I don't think breakfast is what they specialize in. Overall It's delicious and I will be coming back for more!
Some of the best Mexican food in the valley! The ribs, el pastor gorditas and chicken chimichangas are some of my favorites. The prices are also very affordable!
I went here to try some tamales and they were pretty authentic. This place has been around since 1947, so something is good here. For some reason, I ordered a dozen tamales because thats what your supposed to do around the holiday's right? The beef version had plenty of beef and peas also, but sauce wasn't as red as it could be. The green chile and cheese had whole strips of green chili and lots of masa, but Tolteca uses cheddar cheese and my preferred choice is some sort of white cheese for tamales. Every single sauce at the large salsa bar was too hot for this gringo as the sweat started pouring out of me once safely back at my house. The rice was good as a side dish, real mexican rice, but the fresh guac was also brimming with jalapeno's, so this was also a hot guac. Overall, probably better tamales out there, so next time, I will just buy a couple at a time and sample. They were $2 each, but a dozen was only $17 bucks. Flautas looked good also for next time.
My favorite food is Mexican and this place offers some of the finest I've tasted. I came with my family and we're all from out of state. You'll find a lot of choices here and if you don't speak Spanish, you might get a little lost. However, the sights, smells and staff are fantastic. I ordered the super nachos to share. The meat was succulent and delicious, the guacamole was some of the best I've tasted and there wasn't anything skimpy about any of the condiments on the plate. The chips, too, were crisp, salted to perfection and fresh. I only wished I had more room in my tummy for all of it. I also ordered the Milaneso, not realizing it was a sandwich. I wish I had known that because I would have asked for it without the bread. But, it was a delicious cut of breaded beef with melted cheese and loads of iceberg lettuce. My mother ordered the shrimp fajitas and they were scrumptious. I would go there again any day and probably would be there regularly if I lived in the area.
A Wonder smokey mesquite smell hits you as soon as you open the door and walk in. 

The price is right and the food is delicious. I've been here 5 times and had food catered once. If you're in the mood for Mexican food... This place is for you. With a large menu you have many choices. 

You owe it to your taste buds to stop here.
La Tolteca is authentic Mexican in mid-town Phoenix.

Don't worry about the neighborhood. They have a guard in the parking lot so you can relax while you savor the best Mexican cuisine in the Phoenix area. This is a lot like the street cafes to be found in Mexico with plenty of choices.

You'll also walk through the Mexican bakery on the way in and out. Lots of displays of authentic Mexican baked goods.
You could eat breakfast, lunch and dinner here and explore with every meal.  Food is fresh and hot and the salsa bar alone might be worth it.  Reasonable prices and quick service.  Only reason why I'm not giving it five stars is because those restrooms have got to change up - could use more than one stall per restroom so I don't have to wait on the chica putting her makeup on.  Looking for a meal you'll have to work off?  Try the LARGE nachos - naughty, naughty!
Not good. Sorry. I can get pass the decor if the food was good. Keep going. Big warehouse style with table and chairs at the end. Some good reviews???? Must be the workers.  No Flavor unless you add the sauce (a lot)! The server was very kind. So close to Mexico we thought it would be a no brainer.
Today I decided to stop by one of my regular favorites. 
Of course I had to rate it 5+ stars, it's been an excellent trip every time I've stopped by, and enjoyed some of the best Mexican food I've had.
La Tolteca, is an all in one stop for what you need food wise. They have a small grocery section, to where you can even get yourself a 40-quart tamale steamer, obviously you can use it for other uses as well. They sell masa, and anything else you would need to make your own dishes at home. 
They have an extensive bakery with fresh baked goods that they are continuously bringing fresh baked goods out. They make cakes, flan, tres leches, and many other delicious desserts, and can customize an order for you and make you anything you'd like. They even have samples available, and of course I'm one of those guys who goes hog wild on samples :)
They have a meat section too, to where you can get 1/4-whole chickens, ribs, and other meats. They make fresh guacamole, queso fresco, and many other delights.
Their food selection is huge, and it would take me awhile just to try everything from the 5lb super torta, he super burrito, soups, breakfast items, and many other foods.
They even cater!
Today I had my usual, three mini cabeza tacos, refried beans, and horchata.
Their cabeza is the best I've had. It's juicy, crisp, flavorful, and not greasy in one bit unlike most places that make cabeza.
The beans were delicious and moist. They weren't dried out of pasty like you may find at some quick stop Mexican restaurants or chains.
Horchata is great no matter where you go.
Prices are inexpensive no matter what you get, and for someone on a budget like myself, it's a great deal. You can fill yourself up on food and not break the bank.
I highly recommend stopping here and trying something new, it's not some Taco Bell so don't come in here expecting some Americanized garbage. This is the real deal.
I know for one, I will be back, maybe to try something new, or to have some more delicious cabeza.
It's a restaurant, it's a bakery, it's a market, it's Laaaa Tolteca! 

This place is fun, the restaurant has been around for years and the quality of food is still solid. The dishes are mainly authentic, you order at the counter and seat yourself in a huge dining room. It is not always the cleanest place but it is easy to find a table. I love the salsa bar, so many choices and pickled veggies. I love anything pollo grilled, and the carne asada (yes not the best in town) is flavorful and juicy. 

Grab a horchata, order your meal and go by some dirt cheap pastries while you wait.
Love this place especially for Brunch. Salsa bar, burro, cerveza friendly atmosphere. Feels like Hermosillo. Get some pastries to go.
Great real Mexican "street" food and such items.  Great quantity along with quality menu selections.  The decor makes you feel like you would be south of the border too! 
Love  this place!  They are sit down and to go, i think they cater too.  They have a panderia along with fresh tortillas to go!
Now that they have a delivery service I love them even more! Your great food delivered downtown Phoenix via BikeForceUS couriers is as "green" as it gets! RideOn!!! Love you guys :)
I dated a guy years back who LOVED La Tolteca.  Given the opportunity, he would have eaten there every day.  When he and I went there for the first time, I also LOVED it.  But I suspect that my love for the place was a bit (a lot) exaggerated given my infatuation with this guy.  Over the years, I've gone back several times.  The food is good.  It's sometimes really bad, too.  Overall, this place is consistently inconsistent.  The beans are usually runny, bland, and pretty gross, but occasionally, they're actually really quite good.  The shredded beef flautas are good - unless they are over-fried and the meat is an unchewable shredded mess.  While I find this place to be hit-or-miss, it's one of the few Mexican joints that aren't excessively Americanized, so it's worth the gamble from time-to-time.

That said, the bakery is exceptional, and one of the best Mexican bakeries in town.  The selection is huge, everything is usually really fresh, and it's super, super cheap.  The bakery takes orders for cakes (up to a full sheet, I believe) and the tres leches is really delicious.

All-around, this is a great option for solid Mexican food and really delicious pastries!
I've been to La Tolteca a couple of times with Voice daily deals. Let me start by saying this place is not fancy, it feels like a restaurant straight out of Mexico, which is a good thing. This place has definite high points and low points. La Tolteca has very good cheese and beef tamales....the cheese tamales are very spicy and the beef is well seasoned and delicious and they both only cost 2$ each. They also have a really good salsa bar with delicious salsa verde. There are other things that are less awesome such as the carnita sopes, which don't have the same flavorful seasoning as the other items mentioned. The strawberry tamales are really odd....not bad, but odd. They're sweet, but not sweet enough to qualify as dessert. Also, their carne asada burritos are pretty par. I would recommend coming here and stocking up on cheese and beef tamales and reveling in deliciousness.
Good homestyle Mexican cooking. This place has absolutely no frills. It has a huge menu, as well as a small market and panaderia. You order at the front and grab a table until your number is called. I absolutely melt over their sopes (both the shredded beef and carnitas are delectable) and their burritos are massive. Definitely a place with large portions. The prices are OK for what you get, though certainly not a bargain. 
Last time I went they messed up my friend's order. They were very polite and apologetic, and fixed the problem quickly and with a smile. Overall I love coming here. Great Mexican food in the heart of Phoenix.
Tried this place out of the blue looking for a new lunch spot and I was impressed. They have a huge selection of food with some fantastic smells when you walk in. Everything is charcoal grilled and tastes pretty authentic when compared to most of the other mexican places I've been to around the valley. Great value for what you pay, and the market/grocery store side of it is pretty interesting too. I'll definitely come back here.
The Bakery is closed. Sign says they are looking to open next week, and another says they are looking for a baker. No idea how old the signs are.
This place is off the charts good, I had L.T cater my company party and everyone was in love w/ the quality food. If you don't mind the hood then def give this place a try. 
FYI- show up w/ an appetite Bc portions are big.
This place has the best street tacos in Central Phoenix. I generally come here for lunch and order the tacos but they have lots of other great stuff. They also have a store here where you can get soda, beer, snacks, etc. They have a really good bakery here also. They do all their grilling over wood and the food has that great flavor. I sometimes get chicken and ribs to go from here and it is always really good. This place has been in Phoenix a very long time, I know I have been coming here for over 15 years and I will keep going back!
La Tolteca is outstanding. Passing through PHX and a friend (and frequent visitor to AZ) told me I need to stop here. He spoke truth. 

Get the chilaquiles! Get them. 

We also had tacos de papa, and caldo de camarones...the latter was awesome too, delicious broth and packed with shrimp. The salsa bar had grilled jalapeños & habanero salsa we couldn't get enough of. 

I'll be back to La Tolteca. Five stars no hesitation.
Good authentic Mexican food and panaderia. The price of the platters was slightly higher ($7-10  a plate) than I expected but the flavor and quality reflected that.
Soooo disappointed - been going here for years for the guacamole salsa, and tonight we find it's no longer there.  On top of that, the shrimp burro which is my all-time favorite now comes full of green and red peppers and onions and very few shrimp.  The menu does not say anything about green and red peppers, and when we went back up to the counter, we were told the menu has changed even though the changes are not noted on the posted menu and they weren't happy that we didn't like the changes.  After all these years of going there - not again!!!!!
In 3.5 years I have eaten here at least 50 times. I have never had a bad meal 

To say that I love this place would be an understatement. La Tolteca has the best casual Mexican food in AZ. Maybe in the entire nation. 

First of all everything is made in house. Try the Fish Tacos, they are off the hook amazing and so inexpensive that they blow my mind. Grilled Mahi Mahi, fresh corn tortillias, crema, cabbage, cotija cheese. A winner.

The Tacos de Papa are addictive. 

The Ceviche Tostada is something that I dream about. 

If you are into burrito's check this place out, awesome big rolls of home cooking. 

The Carne Asada is delicious and so is the roasted chicken. OH MY GOD. 

Try the Elotes, all the grilling is over mesquite charcoal imported from Mexico. This is where I fell in love with grilled corn. You will thank me. 

The bakery is loaded with delicious sweets. Take home a box of treats.

I love you La Tolteca. Thank you for making my life so much nicer and saving me crom mediocre food!!
This was a sadness pile on a failure plate.   I have had worse but never in a place so widely considered a treasure by the Yelping community.  From recent reviews it looks like this place is a shell of its former glory and that's sad, because the potential is there. From my experience tonight, the rumors may be true.
What does one do when they need to grow and the neighbors are gone?  Knock down a wall and pretend nothing happened. This is what La Tolteca has done.

The menu has no real surprises. Burritos, and the other usual fair. Prices are a doallr to two above other options, but you do get a scoop of guacamole with you meal. However chips are extra.

There is a salsa bar witch also has great grilled jalapenos. Too bad you must pay for chips to make full use of it.

The food it self was nondescript the tortilla was thick, the Chile rellno lacked the richness I had had elsewhere. 

Just a note this place smells from some kind of fire grilling so you will also smell that way when you leave.
This place is outstanding.  Not in a real good neighborhood but who cares.  The menu is great.  We even get the meat alacarte to go with homemade toritillas and bring home for another dinner.  The price is inexpensive.  Everything taste great. I am from San Diego,CA and this place almost is like I'm at home(Arizona mexican food is not the greatest if you are raised in CA.)  I found my home
I am fan because this was the first real feel Mexican joint I have found here in town that had a wide menu and deli that I felt like I could trust.  Great menu options, had my pozole when I wanted it (which is a plus)  the wife had tripa tacos (fried tripe) that was very good.  there is plenty of dining space and a real Mexico fell to the place.  As I understand it they have been in town for many, many years.  

While we did not see it, it appears that they offer items cooked al carbon in their parking lot on busier days.  

We will be back.
What a sad torta, I'm not Mexican but I go to Mexico once a month and I live in LA, I had to try the Mexican food while in town... What a horrible salsa, the torta bread is not torta bread, the meat was not Milanesa and they put about two cups of iceberg lettuce
I've been here several times over the years and am consistently satisfied. The place is shabby in a really perfect way; it's no frills, clean, grilled Mexican food that is delicious and budget minded. What they don't spend on decor goes into making delicious pastries and entrees. 

This is my go to spot when I need a lot of salsa and don't have the time or patience to make my own. And I generally feel quite like the proud genius for my idea, and people eat what I bring to the party, then. Win, win!
Foods great!! Try the burrito al pastor with green enchilada sauce!!! Atmosphere is OK but its what you would expect from traditional Mexican food place. Would defiantly go back
I just order 2 carne asada burros and a carne asada quesadilla.. as soon as I got hm...  just the flavor of the meat.. was not there.. I called and spoke with the manager.. and got lucky enough to get my money back..   last time I will go there..  if u want delicious carne asada burros go on buckeye and 7st.. there's a little lunch truck there.. (Phx best kept Secret) 
don't get me wrong.. the tortilla,and beans were good.. but the rest.. well.. in the trash
went there today @4 right after wk.. the manager took care of what happened yesterday.. I took the chance again and order 2 carne asada burros again,but told them to cook the steak in there grill(they use real charcoal!!!) the girls told me that it's going to take 20mins extra.. I said that was fine.. sure enough.. the carne asada tasted waaaay better!!! wow!!!!! still needs to  improvement..
Coworkers and I frequent this place occasionally and we are never dissapointed. Portions are huge, quality is good and prices are low. Every time I go I fail to order the 1/2 chicken off the grill and regret it... maybe I'll get smart one of these days.
The food was good, however, 11 (and counting) of our 23 are now sick from food poisoning.
PLEASE, if anyone has recently experienced food poisoning symptoms after visiting this establishment (around June 25-27, 2014) PLEASE CALL: Paola at (602) 506-7171 to report your experience. We do not want anyone else to become ill. 11 people from our party have already become very sick. Thank you.
Yes, you should order meat from here. It looks kinda sketchy in a neighborhood that's not for nighttime, but those are really good sausages and meats! 

Yes, you should eat the pieroggies! Sometimes they are not all the way cooked through from frozen though. I take half a star away from them for that. Get some cheese and some beef jerky  for home and pick up some chocolate bars over in the corner on the shelves. They have some with mousse like fillings. Explore the shelves for more interesting Polish treats. You can't argue that it's not authentic.

I give this place five stars for the quality of their meats, but they lose half a star becuase one of the ladies seems so grumpy as if I am imposing on them for wanting to buy stuff, but I bet if I knew Polish she'd be sweet as a grandma.  They lose half a star for not fully cooking the pieroggies twice now, but I love Stanley's anyway. 

Cooked in Bacon, they are so bad for you but so yummy in the tummy. 

They close sometimes before the close sign, so come before 5pm just in case. Nothing is sadder than looking forward to a nice brat and it's closed. Very small parking spot, but worth it when I'm in the neighborhood.
DELICIOUS! The sandwiches are really good and the meat is top quality. It's also nice grabbing an exotic item from the shelf for dessert.
Loves me some Stanley's!  I've been going to Stanley's for years and years and thank goodness some things never change.  I don't have any friends who have eaten Stanley's subs and don't love them (if they didn't I'd probably end the friendship.)

I love the ladies behind the counter who spent plenty of time in the old-country, love the meat hanging everywhere, love the imported grocery items - even love the small...everything (parking lot, building, tables, etc.)

Quality meat means great sandwiches!  We swear that they put an addictive chemical on it that makes you crave it fortnightly.

Even if you know of Stanley's for their sandwiches - do yourself a favor sometime and order a plate of pierogies (they'll even heat them up for you if you ask).  They're dynamite.
I made an airport drop in the morning and had much of the day to kill, so I was just driving around and randomly stumbled upon this place.
I've always thought that I should have been born into a Polish family, or was perhaps Polish in another life, because there are only a few types of international cuisine styles that I enjoy more than that of Poland.
I had been looking for a place in the Southwest with decent Polish food, particularly pierogis. There is a place in Tucson, but it's relatively expensive and inconvenient for me, so I don't go there much. When I walked in, there was a woman in the back who just looked at me and, without standing up, asked me what I wanted. Before I even saw the pierogis on the menu, I looked at what she was doing, and realized that she was rolling some fresh ones. YUM!
I've been to a lot of Polish delis and they usually let you get a half dozen. Here, I had to get a dozen, and there are different pricing levels (usually $1) for cooked versus frozen pierogis. But, at about $8 for a meat-less dozen, they definitely run higher than what you would find back east, although you're also several thousand miles from most of those places.
I ordered the cooked ones, since I intended on eating them soon, and was told that I would have to wait, so I got a New Times and took a seat. This was not the warmest service, but I also tend to expect that from Eastern European restaurants and delis (not a stereotype, just from experience).
The store doubles as a market. They sell Polish and Eastern European food products, in addition to sausages and other deli items. They'll also make sandwiches. It was relatively quiet and there were a couple of tables. It was a small place, but actually very comfortable to sit in, although this was still early (before 11am).
About fifteen minutes later, a different woman (much more pleasant) emerged from the back and handed over a styrofoam box with a plastic fork sticking out of it.
The pierogis I got were cooked in bacon fat and had bacon on top. So, if you're a vegetarian, and were expecting no meat in the meatless pierogis, I guess you have to specify that to them beforehand. They were a bit more oniony and greasy than I would have liked, and lacked some of the more intricate and subtle flavors that I've gotten at other places. But these were definitely real-deal pierogis and that, alone, I really liked.
I'll definitely be back. I can never get enough Polish food, and I'd like to try their sandwiches and sausages. If you like Polish food and, like me, are stuck craving it in Arizona, then you could certainly do a whole lot worse.
The homemade fresh polish sausage is definitely 5 star but the customer service is a little harsh.  It reminds me a little of the "cheeseburgah" spot on the early SNL. 

But back to the sausage...I had a brat and provalone hot sub--super yummy ($5.75) and got a link of fresh polish sausage ($4.75/lb.) to take home and enjoy later. While I was at the counter someone came in from the European Cafe to pick up a deli order so I guess Stanley's supplies at least 1 restaurant also. Try it...You'll like it!
Stanley's, yum!!!!.  When I got married many many years ago, Stanley's catered food for my reception.  There were sausages, stuffed cabbage, sauerkraut, pierogies.  OMG!  My Hungarian grandmother would have been very pleased.  I just wish she could have been there.  Anyway, just wanted to say that everyone raved about the food and we had lots of leftovers, ordered extra on purpose.  Since grandma was no longer with us, she did all the amazing cooking of these wonderful foods, we savored each and every bite.
The service truly is horrendous.  Clearly, these ladies are a product of communist Poland and haven't lost their edge!
But it's part of the experience!

I honestly don't know how to rate this place.  The products are good.  But you're not always allowed to buy them.  (I tried to buy three loaves of bread once, and was lectured that I shouldn't take so many.)
The service, as I mentioned, is awful awful awful.  But, for me, it's somewhat nostalgic (I grew up in a Poland back in the day, so it brings back memories).

I do wish there were more options in the valley, but this is by far the closest, so I'll keep going back.  Sigh.

I just changed my rating from two to three stars.  The place smells good.  I'll give it an extra star.  What the heck.
There is so much goodness in this place I don't even know where to begin. I've been going here ever since i was a little girl, A few times a month my mom or grandma would stop in and get the smoked butt, perogi's, polish sausage, blood sausage, bratwurst,  hot italian sausage, liverwurst, bacon, or whatever was recommended to us at the time by the ladies behind the counter.  

I have to admit as a child I was pretty unnerved by the ladies behind the counter but after 25+ years of going here, they are very sweet and wonderful ladies. Many times I have asked for suggestions and the have always came through for me. On my last trip I told them I am having a BBQ this weekend and what smoked sausage would go best as a snack.  Their question "are you serving beer?", and yes I was! The next question "you like spicy?" and yes i do.  She went over to the side wall and pulled two giant red links off the rack and said with a smile "This...will be good." (when I got home I tried a little and It was good!)

I can see where people can say the ladies behind the counter are intimidating but they really are wonderful.  I have stopped in for a sandwich a time or two in the afternoon and had great conversations with them when I was the only one in the store and it was slow.  They have even offered me a tour once.

This is a place ran by hard working immigrants that have an amazing product. Every time I am in the area a make a point of stopping in and getting the smoked butt (the "butt" is actually the shoulder cut on a pig bot the actual butt). Its excellent sliced thin on a sandwich.

You don't find sausage shops like this anymore.  My grandma grew up in Wisconsin and she said this place reminded her of the polish deli's she went to back in the 50's.  Authentic and yummy.
The thing I saw another reviewer hate aobut this place I love, which is you walk in the door and it feels like you have entered into Eastern Europe. The backwall is lined with all sorts of smoked pork products, from chunks of smoked bacon, to ham, to what seems like a never ending display of different types of sausages and yes, the women providing the service are not all that smiley but come on, you get an authentic experience with people you know their smoked meats, and boy are those good!

I picked up a chunk of smoked bacan that they slice for you and the smoked pork butt is just wow! I went home and chopped some up and sauteed it with some sliced fennel bulb and lentils and it was like wow, so good, both smoky and salty. I also picked up some sort of dried sausage stick and though it is bad for you, it is so good - a great addition to a nice glass of red wine, some cheese, and some good french bread.

By the way, if you live in Tempe and go to the farmer's market on Saturday morning it is on your way home, just take 7th street to McDowell and take a right and it is right around 21st Street and McDowell.

So, when you go in the store and the Eastern European women don't smile at you just remember, you walk in that store and you are in their culture, not yours, so enjoy the experience and buy some sausage! :-)
I was able to try out this place for the first time last Saturday. You walk in and you are a bit lost at first because you have so many choices as far as meats to choose from and what you can order. Hanging on the walls are a bunch of different kinds of cured meats that all look delicious but I didn't order any of those this time. My dad and I both ordered a polish sausage meal. His was the fresh polish and mine was the smoked polish sausage. They were both really good and we garnished with fresh sauerkraut. The sandwich was amazing! As I write this I am wishing I had time to go back today to try something different. I also plan on ordering some cured meats of some sort as well. A summer sausage or something spicy and tube shaped.
Pretty cool little placed nestled in a crappy part of town.  There's a small seating area inside, with a traditional deli counter along the back wall.  Along the sides are huge shelves stocked with numerous imported products of Eastern European origin.

There are about a million types of fresh sausage and cuts of meat hanging up behind the counter, and various meats and cheeses on display.  I can't speak to the prices, as I've never really purchased deli meats in this fashion before.  The prices seemed a little higher than your typical grocery store, but the selection looked fresher than anything I've seen at say, Wal-Mart.

They've also got a pretty extensive menu of sandwiches and hot dogs that you can order prepared fresh.  I got a roast beef sandwich for around six dollars that I had a hard time finishing.  A few of the staff members seemed less than friendly, but I can excuse that when the food is good and the service is quick.  Definitely a good place to stop by if you're in the area.
Yes, I'd say A-OK for Stanley's.  Their sausages range from okay (kabanosy) to quite good (spicy kolbasz) but I'd agree that they're a bit on the pricy side.  
I usually patronize their Bell Rd. location as it's closer to my house, but I ate lunch here a few weeks ago since I was in the 'hood.  It was right before Christmas and the place was JAM packed with everyone getting their holiday goodies.  The kielbasa sandwich was fine, they also have subs and other cold cut type sandwiches.
Though they don't really hold a candle to some of the awesome Polish deli's back in Chicago, it's probably about the best you'll find out here in Phoenix.
Old Skool European at it's best! . .  Sausages hanging behind the counter to dry and age and the smell of the place made me want to lick the walls! 

The ladies behind the counter are a testimonial to how authentic Stanley's Homemade Sausage is completely the real deal! 
There are many european grocery items avalable to purchase as well. 

The sandwiches are yummy and fresh on bread that seams as if it just came out of the oven. (Even though I don't think they bake anything there) 
The Meat is what it's all about ! 

Reminds me of Parma the Polish area in Cleveland and the Polish American Festivals . . . without the crowds!
I love love love their meat! They must sprinkle it with crack or something cus those sandwiches are addicting lol
Almost seems a waste of time to review this place.  If you're not already a fan, my 5 star isn't going to change your mind.

But Wow!  Our two friends said the best brats (#8) they ever ate.  And our smoked sausage sandwichs (#18 & 20) were fabulous.

Sorry, guys, the lady who took our order (on a Saturday noon) was reasonably happy and the gal delivering from the kitchen was very smiley and friendly.  Must have been our Irish charm.  So next time you go, don't pretend to be Polish, tell 'em you're Irish!
Smells great, feels very old-world when you walk.  The lady behind the counter was so calm and unruffled as the place steadily filled up while my Mother placed her order for a month's worth of meat! 

 Asked her to recommend a sausage to go with cheese/crackers -Krakaw is a about the size of my thumb and so flavorful and rich tasting - yummy.   I chose the Polish sausage and Hungarian sausage to take home for Master Griller to have his way with them - will have to update my review after the big event!

They offer homemade sandwiches there too - we got something loaded with a variety of lunchmeats on this soft, almost "roll" bread.  Reasonably priced and so fresh n tasty.  However, when I made a smart crack about "what kind of knucklehead would order the Vegetarian Sub that was on the menu" I couldn't even get a little snicker out of the counter lady, she is old school & old world.  I LOVE IT! 

 Go there, check out the website First so you know what you might want to order, counter lady don't play and she don't mark those items all wrapped up in white paper so pay attention and do it when you get home! 

Support Your Local Businesses or you will be left in a corporate clone world!
I love finding places like this. What a gem in a great part of town. Picked up a couple of subs to go (European and and a Roast Beef) both full of meat and the bread was great as well. To top it off we picked up some fresh brats to grill up later.
Bring your wallet or if you have little self control it maybe better to just bring some cash and leave the plastic and pay check at home. 

The smell of the meats curing on the racks when you walk in to the front deli will transport you to meat Valhalla. 

This is what a deli is supposed to be. All their meats here are delicious. 

If the lady behind the counter is mean to you, you probably deserve it. 

If your a first timer just order the European Sub. All they're cold cut
This is an amazing little shop on 22nd St and McDowell. I found out about it from a Polish man who was searching for ingredients to make Polish moonshine. We were discussing the paucity of delicatessens here in the desert (a theme that transits my reviews) and he mentioned that this place was everything you wanted out of a deli. He was correct.

Much like the best delicatessens, the food is ethnic. Eastern European sausage is their specialty. You can get other stuff, and it is also good. However their selection of handmade Eastern European sausage is absolutely phenomenal. 

The woman behind the counter is also terrific! You get the sense that she would rap you on the head with a spoon if she could get away with it. My first time in, I was reading the menu, she walked up and asked, "What you want?" in a heavy (likely Polish) accent. When I hesitated, she exclaimed, "C'mon, what are you hungry for?" Don't let the gruffness fool you, she is only bringing home the point that we spend too much time at places like Subway ordering their "meals" than thinking about what we'd like to eat.

I go two hot dogs that first time, they were absolutely amazing. I mean they were hot dogs, just amazing hot dogs. Since then I have also tried the polish sausage, a turkey sandwich (just a bite) and the pierogies...OMG the pierogies! 

--why is it that any place that makes pierogies only sells them by the dozen? they are soooo heavy!!!--

Also there is an amazing selection of Eastern European groceries, everyting from jams and jellies to Kosciusko mustard and candy bars. I don't think there is another spot in the valley that has some of this stuff!

This place is a must hit here in the valley. People who care about the food they serve you, and enough character to write a novel about. Go and check them  out, you might find out about a sweet concert coming up from a Polish pop band as well!
Stanley's, Stanley's, Stanley's!!  I love this place. When you are in the mood for s sub, there are no shortages right here in the greater Phx area. Take your pick from large national chains to the smallest of mom and pop shops. Stanley's is one of my favorites. Friends of mine kept telling me to try this place, and boy am I glad I did. Reminds me of meat shops in Germany.  The place is small, with a couple of tables, but space is tight. The better choice is to take out. That way people won't hear you scream as you lose control over your sub. When you first walk in, the smell hits you. Smoked sausages and fresh meats abound. There are about 30 subs on the menu, but I bet they can make you anything you want. My favorite is the ham, turkey, roast beef. A whole sandwich is about 10" and the bread is some of the best around.  Fresh, soft and full of flavor. The meats are sliced thin and flavored perfectly. The roast beef has a nice beef flavor, the ham is a nice combination of smokey and salty and the turkey is sweet and jusy. The veggies are fresh and crisp.  I am not a fan of the special sauce though, just not up my alley. They also have chocolates, jams and other can goods from various parts of Europe. An absolute must try for any sub fan.
Great bacon that they will slice as thick as you like. Sure the ladies begin the counter are old world types. They're friendly enough though and the meats are great. They'll let you try anything you want and if you go in the morning it smells so delicious when they're running the smoker.
Talk about a Sausage fest,  Sausages, Sausages! This places has them, hanging on the wall, everywhere.  Some kind of sausage factory in the back and the personal up front is straight to the point no chit chatting here.  I love the pastrami if I go in for a quick bite.  I like the take different kinds of sausages to go to cook later.

I tried giving them three starts just could not do it this places deserves the fourth star while sausage company takes number uno.  The place just gives a great vibe of credibility that these people know their encased meats.  

The one hater, 
John J, your story is as bogus as it sounds, any formal news from your health department complaint?  The reviews are high star rating after another.
We lost a legend of deli's and it is replaced with a somewhat chain restaurant called So we MEAT again. The sandwich left much to be desired, the bread was mediocre and the thinly sliced piece of cheese on my sandwich brought a tear to my eye. The kabanosy sausage tasted over processed but a bit tasty with all the garlic inside, but the after taste was not pleasing. I may make the trek to the Stanley's on Bell road but was hoping this place was the birth of the rumored Stanley's that was supposed to branch into 7 new stores. I can't say that I would return to this shop as it was not terrific. There was mention of European goodies like stuffed cabbage and some other dishes during the holidays but is this not the holidays? Turkey day is 3 days away? If I do return here it won't be for a sandwich but maybe some cold cuts, smoked butt and during the holidays. The young lady behind the counter said that Stanley's shared their recipes with them but the menu states that these are passed down through generations of Shannon's deli with no mention of Stanley's. Maybe when they get the smokehouse in the back of the building going they will offer the 60+ unique cuts they promise.
A long time family favorite! It isn't a proper family get together without Stanley's pierogis!
I do love Stanleys, so I was very disappointed to learn that the location on McDowell and 22nd Street is now closed.  The shop that took over in the space is nothing similar, so don't bother going in if you showed up there looking for Stanleys, as I did.  I haven't made it up to the location on Bell yet, but I might have to make the trek up there.  How else will I get my Christmas Eve pierogi?   :(
We were able to get a great cut of brisket here, just over 3lbs which is just what we wanted.  It may look scarce when you walk in but most of the meat is kept in the back so just ask.  In addition to pastrami brisket you can get corned beef brisket, chicken, and assorted other deli meats.  They have have a grocer section where we were able to pick up challah rolls (mmm...challah french toast anyone?), matzo meal for latkes and my husband's favorite pickles- Ba Tampte.  There are also lots of other selections ranging from candy to cous cous to egg flakes and cereals.  

They have a pizza place next door (which may have deli offerings as well...) called King Solomon's but Segals itself is just a pure butcher and grocer.  Having grown up with kosher pizza we opted to not grab a slice because to be honest, kosher pizza isn't all that good.
Ok, I have been meaning to go here forever.  As a Jewish Girl, I like to know where to get Kosher stuff.

I really did not know what to expect when arriving.  The store was smaller then I had expected, but carried a full line of items.  The meat case is where I hung out at most.  I decided to not get any meat here, as I was more just kind of getting an idea of what they carried more then anything else.

They also have a resturant here, but it was being revamped, so it wasnt really open.  I was kind of dissapointed, but its only temporary.  The staff here is small, but personable and will answer your questions if you should have any.  Please do not be intimidated when shopping here-its not just for us Jewish folks!! Its for everyone!

I would return here in the future, but probably not on a regular weekly basis.  They have Challah, which I love, and one or two other things that I like to have around the house that are hard to find elsewhere around the Valley here at times.

You should also know that due to the Sabbath, the close early on Fridays, and are closed all day Saturday.  They are open Sundays though!!
What is important about this place is that it services a very particular client very well.  The decor isn't so hot and neither is the product selection, but they do offer what they do.

If you are looking for a kosher butcher, here is one.  If you are looking for products from Israel, here they are.

The magic of this place is the restaurant they have attached.  Chinese food and deli in the same place!  What?!?!
Pastrami tasted good, but had a lot of tough tissue, and was near impossible to bite through. Rye bread was low-quality.

Curly fries were tasty.

Cole slaw was yummy! Really the highlight of the meal.

Lemon bar was delicious, if a bit subdued. (I like the lemon to pucker my face)

The brownie was warm and chocolatey, but too many nuts.

Probably my only visit, unless someone invites me.
Pastrami on onion, YUM!!
This bare- bone market is a tiny slice of Eastern Europe in Phoenix.  Does your grocery list beg for an assortment of smoked fishes and/or canned pate (from turkey to pork)?  This is also where you can go when only Hungarian paprika will do.

Also have fun selection of chocolate and candy.
I love Yasha!

Ok, yeah, it doesn't have the same stuff (like produce) that a regular grocery store has, but it has so much other cool, interesting stuff, you should pop in sometime and explore! They have a bunch of deli stuff I really want to try... soon... soon...

...And don't forget about Yasha!  My friend and I walk in, slowly taking in the scene, wandering around picking up some fennel tea (turned out to be good!), some hazelnut chocolate crispy treats (we picked it out because of the funny picture of the squirrel on the box, but it turned out to also be tasty!), and then wandered aimlessly a bit more when Yasha himself comes up to us and takes over.

Picking up a basket he jovially directs us around the store, asking us what we like, showing us to the frozen foods, the breads, the wines- everywhere! He dubs us with his own names (I forget my friend's name, but I am now Mishka) and he asks us where we're from. When we say 'from here!' he says "No! You cannot be from here! Girls from Phoenix, they are dark, like me, see! You are *Russian* girls!"  I wish we had more time to be chatted up by Yasha, because it was great fun.

If you like tea, check out their awesomely beautiful tea set on display, and if you like toys, they have some great little tchotchkes  behind the register (I covet the off-model Simpsons Nesting Dolls still... my birthday is coming up soon, folks!).  Yasha makes a nice loaf of bread, and a fun little store to visit. Mishka says drop in!
i use to go to this place few years ago and then i forgot about it after moving to another city.i just saw it on YELP and i remember their amazing selection.I think it is time for some russian caviar.
I am a big time fan of the Russian honey cake and this place was a disappointment.  The cake had too much shortening added to it and the cake was really dry.  I will not buy honey cake from them again if they will cut out fresh quality ingredients to lower costs.
I recently went exploring this place and discovered some of the best potato salad (deli) that I've had in a very long time! Who knew Russian potato salad would rival our American classic?? 

Yasha rang up my order (yes, Yasha...the owner...from Russia...get it?) Very nice older dude. 

I got a little bit of a lot of things. Loved the lager. Loved the chocolate. The deli meats were good but if you're unsure about any, just ask for a sample. The cookies, also in deli case, were super slammin! Not a traditional cookie. These were rolled and filled w/ dried fruit or chocolate.  Yummmy!
Yasha is my hero.... 

Thank you Yasha, for importing all the foods i call "grandma foods." 

You can find more different kinds of Kasha here than imaginable. They have a huge assortment of dried and canned imported food. Yasha has a bakery area that has traditional Russian, Ukrainian and Polish breads. They carry wine, cooking oils, and even a section of middle eastern imports. 

My favorite sections of the store include the deli counter at the center of the store where you can find specialty baked goods, meats and sausages, salads, and other unique items. On my last trip there, I bought some Halvah, some beet and potato salad, and a piece of Russian candied fruit stollen that i rarely see in any market. 

My other favorite section is the freezer and refrigerated section. They keep frozen blini, blintzes of all kinds, imported cheeses, butter, cakes and dinner items. 

The star of the show is Yasha. He's quite a character. 

Don't be fooled.... there is PLENTY of parking in back.
Yasha's is a fun place to explore.  I was able to find some of the classic East European and Russian foods that I enjoyed throughout my life.  The smoke fish is quite a find including salmon, white fish and even sturgeon.  They do have salmon caviar, but only on occasion can you find Persian caviar from the Caspian Sea.

They also have a bakery and meats worth noting.  

The store also stocks some middle eastern cousine and holiday foods.

Try some of the home made salads for a treat.
I came in to get a selection of smoked fish to serve as appetizers for a holiday gathering.  I was absolutely overwhelmed by everything this little store stocks.  Blini, cheeses, sausages.  Beets.  How could they avoid beets?  Chocolates.  And something i haven't had in years. Kasha.

Rhymes with Yasha, who has a huge personality and runs this little empire.
I love love love this store!!! I go there whenever I feel kind of homesick (I grew up in Latvia) or when I want to get some Russian marinaded but not too salty pickles, just like my grandma used to make!

Great selection of all kind of Russian and European beers! I always have something special to bring when I go to an American party ;)

lots of Russian candy, sausages, pelmeni etc.
the only reason I give 4 stars, because it's hit and miss, sometimes they don't have some things, or black bread is not very fresh...
but what can one expect, it's highly specialized grocery store, it's not like tons of Russians live here and go there every day.

Overall I highly recommend it to anybody, if you are not brave enough to try Russian food, at least you can try Russian beer or some Moldovian or Georgian wine ;)

But semi-salted pickles are the best! mmmmmm I'm drooling just thinking about them :-p~
I went there few weeks ago, it wasn't bad at all. I like this little store, people are very friendly and helpful. They have all kinds of Russian food. I like their plemeni they're awesome. Love Russian beer too!!!
If you haven't been in the Russian store,  you have to check it. :) 

Definitely going back there.
I've been looking for a good and authentic Russian grocery store in Phoenix, for awhile now and Yasha from Russia is the best. I found spicy carrot salad from the deli and it was very close to how my family makes it. They have an awesome selection of fresh kielbasa as well as many other ethnic foods, both fresh and frrozen. The store is very clean and I was pleasantly surprised by how much they have in stock. i will definitely go back to Yasha from Russia.
What a fun and interesting place! Feels like a little visit to Russia!  They have a great deli and a wide variety of wonderful and unusual bakery items, including some fine Belgian chocolate.
Yes Yasha does import great Russian food, however the horrible attitude you get from the owner makes you think twice about going to the store. If this was NY or LA he would be long out of business but due to the limited options in Phoenix he thinks he can get away with treating his long time customers like crap. Being Russian I have long come to understand the curt and non-friend behavior of other Russian's but Yasha is all together rude. He belittles and embarrasses his customers, and has his son participate in this behavior as well. If you want great Russian food with out all the b.s head down to the store on 12th street.
I love this place and always stop here when I'm in the area. The smoked fish, sausages, and fresh made breads here are really awesome! Try the small smoked sausages on the deli counter, they are really good. I also love the smoked sturgeon and the excellent selection of salami they have here. The Russian salami is very good, if you like salami you need to try it. If you like pickles try the pickled tomatoes they have here. They also have a nice selection of caviar.
This is place has various Russian and European products.  It is okay.  I still miss the Russian/Eastern European markets in Chicago that I would frequent prior to relocating to Arizona.
This place has such a nice selection of salami that I would go back just for that!  My husband enjoys the great prices on the variety of Eastern European beers they have.   Be sure to check out the various dumplings they have in the frozen section, we really enjoy these and they taste very fresh.
This is a nice little place.  Good variety of eastern european meats. My wife was searching for some items she would eat as a kid and Yashas actually carried the items.  They were open on memorial day which was nice.  we will be going back for sure. My wife was looking for Mici which isnt exactly carried at Safeway.  and they had it in the freezer along with a wide variety of meats.  the bakery items looked awesome. i will have to update my review when we  go back.
I came here during the end of July while visiting my brother. The cashier was super friendly.  He even let me practice my Russian on him. My family and I bought four different cheeses and with some sausage. The old Kiev one was delicious. I'll be back for Thanksgiving weekend!
After reading an article in the paper about finding Russian food in Phoenix during the Olympics, I had to visit the place. It turned out to be an excellent decision. 2 of my friends and I made the drive after a round of Disc Golf. We were hoping for a place that might offer sandwiches like many deli, but this is basically a grocery store with a wonderful meat and bakery counter. 
     We grabbed some 9 and 12 percent Russian beer for $2.49 each. WOW!  Some Gaiser's Fine Mother Goose, Pork, Chicken Liver, Veal spread that is out of this world good. A variety of baked cookies that I didn't share. Landsjager that was good, but had bigger pieces of fat in it that I prefer. It was tasty. I had a hard time walking out without purchasing more items, but decided to come back again in the future and wanted a reason to make the drive north.
     If you get the chance to go, you'll be very happy when you leave.

     They could make a killing with a good sandwich maker there!
The best European market in town huge place they have everything from salami to drinks to plates . Great prices and affordable . I will be back to buy fish soon.
If you are from the FSU or FSU Jewish, this is the store for you and your staples.  Good selection of food from home for those yearning a taste
This is basically a large specialty market. It mainly carries Russian items but I also saw a lot of Moldavian, Armenian, Ukrainian, Polish, Romanian, Bulgarian, and Georgian items. 

This market has a hell of a lot to offer from boxes of chocolate to specialty beer to dried meats, a variety of cheeses, teas, coffees, honey, jam, cookies, liquors, you name it, I even saw toothpaste and medicine. 

I was glad to have found this place. I intend on trying the wide beer selection of dark malts as well as some of the ice cream and chocolates. 

In addition to carrying most everything, they have some traditional pieces in the back for your own home. Lovely store! I was even greeted in Russian right when I entered! 

Which reminds me of the wonderful service. I always had someone asking if I needed help looking for something or if I was doing okay. :)
A favorite spot for lunch on the weekends.  You order up your food in a little farmhouse.  Pick from a selection of farm fresh sandwiches, salads, soups, and fresh baked goods.  Everything is very good.  Then grab a picnic table in the pecan grove and enjoy the fresh air, Arizona sunshine, and serene view of South Mountain stretching before you.  This is a great place to take the whole family.  The kids can run around and play while you enjoy a meal out.  A perfect day in the country without having to leave the city.
We stayed near the airport in Phoenix on a trip to spring training in March, and this restaurant/farm was nearby. There are three different "eateries" on the farm premises, from a counter that sells sandwiches & baked goods (the scones are SO good... I got some to go and munched on them all weekend long) to the Morning Glory Cafe, where we sat outside and had a fresh, delicious brunch. The berry/yogurt granola and the breakfast burrito were perfect. There's another, fancier indoors/sit-down restaurant, Quiessence, too.

We walked around the farm grounds afterwards and observed folks at work - they were very friendly and explained what they were doing and what they were growing.

Minus one star primarily b/c I've only been here once -- parking signage was a little confusing, too, and our pleasant walk was somewhat interrupted by drivers that zipped up the main road (possibly others who were confused about parking?) leaving clouds of dust in front of us to walk through. But little matter!
We went to the Farm to check out the Farmer's Market and go to lunch.  It was amazing.  I can't believe this is only 15 minutes from my cookie cutter stucco house.  It's almost hard to believe it's even in Phoenix - though to a native like me, it's just one more reason to remember why Phoenix is so great.  

When most folks used to think of South Phoenix they thought of crime, blight and anything else associated with being on the "wrong" side of the tracks.  Sure, there may have been areas right next to downtown that were like that, but most of South Phoenix was all farming community.  While some of this still exists - especially near and in Laveen - most of these farm plots were sold off during the years to individuals for their own homes - and any of the large lots were sold off to developers in the last 10-15 years or so.  Most of these became mass produced houses (like mine) or shopping centers.  The Farm is off of 32nd street (with property stretching back almost to 24th street) between Baseline and Southern.   To put this in perspective - there is a huge Target/Fry's/Ross/Applebee's kind of complex at 24th and Baseline - and the South Mountain Community College is just North of that on 24th.  At 32nd and Baseline there is the Raven Golf course, with lots of condos all around it.  That all seems a whole world away once you pull in to The Farm.

I'm attaching some pictures from their web site www.thefarmatsouthmountain.com.  I've been only to one of the restaurants so far - The Farm Kitchen which is their lunch spot.  But I plan to visit Morning Glory soon.  All the stores are amazing - and it's so cool to see where it all grows.  As we walked by the gardens it was great to see some kids (and adults) having the process explained to them of how they grow the food organically here - and it could end up at one of their restaurants, in one of the nicer restaurants in the valley, or sold at their Farmers market to be eaten in their own home.

Check out their menus online.  Yes - it's a bit pricey.  I was hesitant that I'd think it was "worth it".  But oh it was.  I can't explain it any better than stealing from a commercial - You can TASTE the freshness!  Everything just tasted so much better.  Not that the atmosphere didn't help - but it wasn't the only factor.  One interesting thing to mention - pets are ok.  There were two folks there who brought their dogs.  The doggies seemed quite happy to have some run around space (leashed of course) and then a nice meal by a picnic bench.  

I'm planning to go again - bringing lots of friends and family at different times.  I'd love to try out their yoga and/or gardening classes too! This will definitely be on the short list of places a visitor needs to go when visiting from out of town.  Better yet though - it's one of the few places you can go in town and feel like you took a day trip out of the valley.
A favorite spot for lunch on weekends?!?!?! God.  I hate you guys. This restaurant makes me want to move to Tempe!!!!!!!!  Does not compare to ONE, not even ONE sandwich place I can think of in the east bay.  I got the Pecan chicken salad sandwich and Billy got the steak sandwich, hands down, best sandwich this side of the fucking mississippi.  All outdoor seating, so be forewarned, if the weather is not good, you'll have to maybe escape to an air conditioned car somewhere to enjoy your mayo while it's still good.

One thing I just can't understand...  We were steered to this place by two peeps at the Fry's down the street after atleast five minutes of head scratch.  Now wait one goshdern second people!!!  How could you even question the all supreme sandiwch gods when it comes to the caliber of this place????  Please.  If I worked at a Fry's nearby, this place would be my fucking fall back plan in a second.  I'll stop now.
We went for brunch on the recommendation of some friends that live in the area.  What a great choice!  The setting is fantastic....you're just outside in a great little garden area.  And the food was amazing.  I'm a bit of a champagne nut (I think I mention champagne in every review I write....) and I loved the fact that they give you a mini bottle and a mini carafe of oj to mix yourself!  I also found it funny that the woman at the table next to ours used all of her OJ and I used only a little bit....mmmmm...its just to color, right? ;)
The Farm is a 12-acre organic oasis in the heart of inner-city monotony. Although the admission to the Farm is free, eating and/or shopping here will set you back a few pesos. View the lush gardens and pecan grove, browse for antiques, shop the farmer's market for freshly baked bread and organic vegetables. Foodies can choose from three on-site restaurants at the farm, including sandwiches and scones to die for.
this place is great, but i am partial to anywhere that offers outside dining possibilities. actually, it's only outside dining, picnic tables, to be exact.

the Farm is just that, with an attached lunch counter to get chicken salad sandwiches with pecans, both fresh from on site. Tons of tall, shady trees, picnic tables and wandering ducks and birds to delight the kiddies.
This is some CLASSY brunch.  I love it.

Hot damn, it was warm this morning, but not enough to make a difference on a 5-star place like The Farm at South Mountain.  I was in a rush to try this place out this weekend before it closed.  (FYI, it closes every summer from June - September.)

You pull up to the place in the midst of this vast city of ours to find a huge, and shady (in a good way) farm before you.  At the Morning Glory Cafe, the small menu has just the right mix of items to please just about anyone.  Lots of veggie options to be had here, btw (Bonnie would DROOL with desire here).

The food is really incredible.  They had my favorite dish on the menu - croque madame.  It had eggs, and some delicious asiago cheese and black forest ham on some crusty artisanal bread.  Ahh.  It was missing the bechamel sauce, but it made up for it with freshly-grown asparagus.  How did they know that's my favorite veggie?  I attribute it to kismet, of course.  It was accompanied by some terrific oven roasted potatoes baked in some spices and oil.  Nice...

The patio is cute in a rustic way.  Think checker tablecloths and white plastic chairs.  Not exactly sexy, but hey, it fits in the grand scheme of the farm.  They have a self serve area for water, lemonade and tea.  

The mimosas here are the best part.  For only $7.50 you get your own mini champagne bottle and orange juice.  So you're getting the better end of the bargain with about a mimosa and a half! 

Service here was a bit slow to start.  But after paying the check I spot a wandering blueberry scone that is calling my name.  (Even better, is their scones are featured in Cooking Light magazine too.  Man I love this place.) So I give in, place an order and ask for it to go.  She brings it out.  I ask to pay in cash, since she already ran my debit card, and she says "Don't worry about it."  

CLASSY.  Classy, with a C.  The scone was DELICIOUS, btw.  Nice touch, and I leave her an extra tip for it. 

Prices are higher than average for Phoenix.  Expect to throw down about $40 for two.  But let me tell ya, that will be the best $40 you've spent in a while. 

I am now eager to try the other restaurants here.  Now if only September would hurry up and arrive....
Great sandwiches and a BEAUTIFUL atmosphere. 

The Farm is a perfect place to spend an afternoon with a huge group or just one special person. If you're going, try to reserve some extra time, there's a lot of nice walking to be done and it's just not worth going if you can't relax and enjoy the environment.

A couple words of caution: Don't bother going in the summer. The whole experience is about being outside and, well...

Also (and this is the restaurant's only real downfall) the sandwiches are PRICEY! Most average around $10 and that's before you add on a side or drink.
The Farm is a perfect place for a romantic picnic, a group, a family, and I imagine even an escape if you want some alone time... the grounds are well kept and beautiful.  Dog friendly also.

The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because they run out of salads that are on the menu if you get there later in the afternoon... (I guess they only make a certain # of salads per day so if you snooze, you lose!)  However, sandwiches are made to order and delicioius...  The iced tea is really good here, and so are all of the deserts.  

Since it's located so close to South Mountain, I recommend going for a hike before and working up an appetite before heading over to the Farm for lunch.

There are picnic tables, or you can bring a blanket.  I went with a group of people last weekend and we brought a football to play catch... we had a blast!  Make sure you call ahead for their hours of operation.  As I recall, they close at 3pm on Sundays and they will kick you out if they have to because I think there is a gate or fence they close as well.
I seriously felt like I was in a movie when we had a leisurely Sunday lunch here. Even though the drive was a haul for us from North Scottsdale, it was worth every mile and cent of gas. The parking is ample and convenient, and the atmosphere is just amazing. Who doesn't love eating at picnic tables under pecan trees on a gorgeous fall day?

I found all of the pansies and other flowers so charming. The bathrooms were adorable - almost shabby chic and cottage rustic. It is so authentic it almost looks like a movie set. I ordered the turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce on whole grain bread....mmmmmm. The turkey was like Thanksgiving turkey, not the nasty, slimy deli stuff. The bread was toasted and flavorful, and the cranberry sauce was plump and fresh. I also had the homemade vegetable soup with melted cheese on top. Wow. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his Greek wrap as well.

I just loved watching the families eat on blankets while kids chased soccer balls and the family dog. It was like a little fairyland that reminds you what is good in life. It is such a simple place but the aura is amazingly alive and intense.

I can hardly wait to return sans the in laws. That will be much more romantic!
I can't say enough good things about this place.  I was introduced to it when a couple of friends of mine got married here.  I am still impressed by it five years later.  There are a few eating options here, a couple of restaurants and a large picnic area.  It's an oasis in the middle of south Phoenix.  The area around it is nice too, the old farming lifestyle all around.  If you weren't around in Phoenix twenty years ago, you can see the type of farming pockets that used to exist in more frequency around the city.  The only thing missing is an orange orchard with the trees painted white at the trunks.
The Farm at South Mountain was the recent cite of a Mom playdate my friend and I scheduled when it happened that both of our moms were in town over the same weekend.  

We went to the breakfast place, which worked out well because I probably would have lost my mom to baby fever if we'd gone to the lunch spot, as there were several tables of baby shower celebrations set up there.  

I thought the food was alright, but not great.  I loved the fruit salad that my mom ordered and thought that the mint syrup was an innovative touch that really classed up a pretty standard assortment of melon.  The egg burrito thing I ordered was on the rubbery side.  I'd definitely go again.  If only for the mini bottles of champagne.   It is nice to sit outside and look at all the flowers and eaves drop on the young couples and watch all the baby shower guests cart huge gift bags from the parking lot across the street to gingham covered tables under the shade trees.  

I hope Del Web or some other super developer doesn't purchase all the surrounding land and totally ruin the illusion or originality and quaintness created by a brunch at the Farm.
The grounds were so green and peaceful that the food came second to the environment. I tried the still-warm-out-of-the-oven cranberry-walnut scone and the American Breakfast. The scone was definitely a do-again, but I think I will pass on the applewood smoked bacon next time. I also tasted the waffle, and I would order it just for the blossom honey whipped cream alone...it's fantastically light and delicious. The coffee was okay, but it was on the acidic side, and not really worth the $2.25. Nonetheless, the service was great and the walk around the gardens was inspiring. If you check out the chicken coop, don't touch the fence - it's electric.
Yumminess of all yumminess!  Fresh sandwiches!  Crisp salads!  Delicious cookies!  My friend and I ate at the Farm Kitchen around 2PM on a Sunday and all the ready-made salads and baked goods, sans bars, were 50% off!

I enjoyed my chicken pesto sandwich and garlic soup, but my favorite part of the meal was the chocolate chip cherry cookie.  They make a mean pecan pie too!

There's only outdoor seating, which I'm sure is normally fine, but it was pretty chilly the day we went.
This is about the ONLY reason I miss my old job: it was right around the corner from "The Farm".
The first time I went, I thought it was so peaceful to be in a city!  I love the outdoor picnic tables and their potato salad is to die for!  
It reminds me of my small town back East.  Friendly, open-air, with good, homemade food.
Very "neat" place.  My neighbor/friend Melissa works there ... she's a cute little neo-hippy and an obsessive organic farmer. So I assure you that the food is locally grown and organic.  

She a vegan and sometimes she has to chase chickens (that cracks me up).

Nothing here is deep fried or drenched in grease, so it's not really my kinda place.  Then again I'm certainly not your typical diner.  No doubt, NORMAL people would LOVE this place
I took my out-of-town visitor here based on the rave reviews other yelpers gave it and, let me just say, there was no disappointment!  It was a bit chilly because we had to eat outside in mid-January, but they had heat lamps out to make sure people didn't freeze their arses off (however, it would be wise to bring a jacket depending on how sensitive to cold ya are).

As soon as we got there, a nice young waitress brought out a basket of scones and muffins in case we wanted to buy any for $2.95.  I had some kind of almond sweet delicious-ness of a muffin and it was well worth the 3 bucks.  I then ordered a la carte and had eggs and rosemary taters.  My friend had a mushroom and tomato omelette.  Boy did we enjoy ourselves.  It was a very pleasant, airy, light-hearted kind of environment, complete with little finches chirping and flitting about here and there as if you were in the movie "Willow" or something.  My friend couldn't deny the finches crumbs from her tasty herbed biscuit.  If it were me, I woulda scarfed down the whole thing and said to hell with the finches. 

Either way, we both had a wonderful time.  It was a great way to end her visit to Arizona before her flight back to North Carolina.  Although the prices were a little bit on the higher side (hovering around 10 bucks a dish, including bottomless coffee), it was well worth it.  And it's also refreshing to visit a breakfast place that actually attempts to be organic and doesn't deep-fry everything it serves.
YUM!

There's not much which hasn't already been said.  I had brunch/breakfast with my fiance, a friend, and an out of towner with his friend.  We had breakfast at the Morning Glory Cafe and it was delicious!  Three of us had mimosas (Thanks Kristin for the tip on those - they were delicious and too cute with the individual bottles) and the serve yourself beverage bar was convenient.  I had french toast with a side of potatoes and my fiance had the monte cristo with a side of bacon.  I would recommend both entrees.  We both ate all of our food (which was a lot) and didn't feel overly full, which was nice.  The potatoes were delicious and the bacon was so-so.  You would think for $2.50 you would get 3-4 thick, juicy slices of bacon.  Instead, you get 2 kinda puny, nothing-to-write-home-about strips.

The atmosphere is fun and earthy.  Too bad it was overcast and a little chilly.  Otherwise, it would have been perfect.  It's a nice setting in the midst of "the farm" complete with veggies growing and chickens in the coop (beware of the smell folks if you wander in that direction).  There are also other vendors selling art, jewelery, and other pieces.  My favorite was watching the man selling bread.  He seemed like the nicest man and was so happy to pair a person with the perfect loaf.  My fiance didn't get that from watching him, but I could tell.  We went over to buy some bread and he was in fact one of the most genuinely jolly people I've met - and I don't use the word "jolly" very often, but it fits him perfectly.  He had us smell the asiago loaf, introduced us to the jalapeno Cheddar, and finally sold us on the rosemary with sea salt.  It was $7, which I would normally think is ridiculous, but for as often as I'll probably make it out here, I bet I'll buy a loaf from him every time if he's around.  The happy bread guy is worth the last star for me.
The Morning Glory Cafe is excellent.  My boyfriend took me here for the first time to meet some of his family, and I just fell in love.  I like the atmosphere and the food is hearty.  I scheduled a morning brunch with all of my girlfriends there a few weeks ago and it went off without a hitch.  The staff is great!
love love love it! What a quaint little piece of heaven. Located south phoenix...I wasn't sure what this place would look like as we kept driving south but as we walked onto the property it felt as if you were no longer in the big overcrowded city. We went to the morning glory cafe for breakfast. The food was wonderful and the presentation was great! I highly recommend it. It would make a wonderful place for a baby or wedding shower!!
Totally can not talk crap about this place. There was no line today at all, food is very tasty and fresh, service is nice. Quite interesting experience if you have not been there and absolutely worth checking out.

Not 5 starts for price and upkeep - i feel both cold be somewhat better.

"I like"

Eugene
Being that this place is on the South Mountain side of Phoenix, near where we were staying, with not one other place around us that YELPers recommended, we knew this would be on our to do list for our trip. The place is not open on Mondays and breakfast has limited hours during the week. There are three separate restaurant/eating areas on the farm. The lunch area is close to 32nd street with a canopy covered area and then lots of picnic tables deeper into the property. Back deep into the property there is a breakfast place, Morning Glory and the dinner restaurant, whose name eludes me right now. We dropped in for breakfast (almost missed it.)

We were able to seat ourselves and chose an umbrella covered table to stay out of the sun. The red and white checkered table cloths were very cute and very gave the whole area a homey feeling. Drinks here are serve yourself and you can just walk up and get what you like. (Try the lemonade/iced tea combo, aka. an Arnold Palmer, yummy. )

The wait staff were very nice and friendly. They asked where we were from and made a little conversation. SG got the French toast and I got a simple egg dish. The setting was gorgeous. I am not sure how it would be on a summer day in Phoenix, but March was perfect, especially with umbrellas to cover from the sun. Our food arrived fairly quickly. My dish was straight forward but good. SG's French toast was to die for. It was homemade bread, very thick and super good. 

The lunch place was absolutely packed. This was a Thursday and the line was really long. Tons of mom's with little kids and people who look like they were on lunch break from work nearby. Food is served in baskets and then you can take it to your table. It seemed to be more like sandwiches and sides. I do not think there are servers, only counter service, and mostly it appeared to be cold foods. We did not get a chance to eat here. 

I have rated this place a 5 because the place is just such a great setting. All of the eating areas seemed to have great setups for groups, families, and couples. A designated room is set up for rental and parties. I think this would be a pretty great place to get married too and have the reception. Ifr only it had been in CA.
We've been twice now for Sunday brunch, most recently yesterday when we took my in-laws, and both times have been fabulous. It's amazing that a place so serene and beautiful exists in the middle of a metropolitan area.  Both times we have had to wait, but nothing too long. Yesterday there were some vendors set up outside Morning Glory Cafe, so my inlaws shopped a bit while waiting.

The food is absolutely delicious! I love how they use fresh and seasonal products, which I think makes it even better.  The American breakfast is standard breakfast but enough food to make me full without being stuffed. My husband had the belgian waffle yesterday and let me have a bite...it was awesome. Plus the whipped cream they give you with it is so light and refreshing...needless to say I ate the rest of it when he was done!  My mother-in-law loved her eggs benedict and had to give half to my father-in-law because the portions were so large. My father-in-law had the chicken enchalidas...delicious! Everyone at the table snagged some...the tomatillo sauce was so flavorful.  I love how they give you your own mini champagne bottle for mimosas.  I'm not sure what the final bill was because my father-in-law paid, but the first time we went for brunch, I think it was around $50 for my husband and I with tip.

After eating, make sure to wander around the property. The Artist's Studio and The Cottage are very cute and full of art and jewelry for sale.  We met the artist in residence yesterday and she was super nice. The artists in residence change every so often, so each time you go, you'll likely see something new.
Trying to figure out what to have for breakfast - not really wanting the the usual hotel fare of sausage, scrambled eggs and french toast that's been sitting on a warming table. Talking with S on the phone this morning and he's on Yelp looking for unique places for me to check out that's in close proximity to my hotel. He mentions the Farm at South Mountain - it sounds intriguing, so why not? It sounds so much better than what was being offered at the hotel.

The Farm at South Mountain is one of Phoenix's gems...

When I first arrived, I wasn't quite sure what to make of the place.  I took a walk down the little road towards the back end of the property. Here you will find an open grassy area with shade trees and rows of picnic tables and space enough for kids to run and stretch out their legs. There's also an expansive organic garden with rows of vegetables and flowers which I understand supplies the cafes that are on site with all their fresh produce. A little further behind the garden, the Morning Glory Cafe serves breakfast, The Retreat - a place for massages, facials, Reiki and mid-wife counseling, and the Cottage - a place for local artists to display and showcase their artwork.

After I had breakfast at the Morning Glory Cate (that's another review) I spent some time at the artists studio looking over the work of some very talented artists.

The lunch spot is the Farm Kitchen which is located towards the entrance of the complex. By the time I walked toward the entrance, the Farm Kitchen was bustling with the lunch crowd. I didn't get lunch, but from what I could tell, everything looked fresh and yummy. I stopped in to pick up some fruit, some bakery goods and a drink while waiting for the hotel shuttle to come pick me up. 

The Farm at South Mountain is a great place to find respite from the hustle and bustle of the city - even for a short while.
This is the cutest and yummiest place! Came here for a sat afternoon birthday party for my friends kids. It is sosososo cute!  They have double rows of picnic tables, and trees. Then several small places to eat, gardens, (you can buy fresh eggs in diff colors! and other veggies/fruits dep on what is in season). There is a little house with art exhibits. When we went, they were showcasing a local artist, and had an exhibit where you go through close-lines of white linen sheets. Just like the movies. Never did that before. That day, they had fresh bread baked and sold there.  It was so charming, and so cute.  I think there were 2-3 bridal showers and 2 other birthday parties. We had a great time. And the food was sooo good (we had a steak sandwich and fresh lemonade and apple pie.  yummm)
Best veggie sandwich ever?  One of the tasty vegetables was orange, so I think it was a sweet potato or possibly a carrot, no matter it was awesome.  

Bread was soft and fresh,(I've almost broken teeth on some of the other really hard bread here before). 

I find the service counter a little odd, it doesn't flow very well.

Hurry up and go here people before it gets too hot!!!
Thanks to Mercy B...I stopped by this place for lunch at the Farm while I was in Phoenix.  I had the albacore tuna sandwich which had jicama in it! I've never heard of such a thing, but I have to tell you it was delicious! We sat out at the picnic tables soaking up the rays eating our sandwiches and drinking the homemade lemonade which wasn't too sweet or sour...just the way I like it! : )

The Farm's menu consists of sandwiches and salads..but boy, do they have tons of little "treats"!  Cookies, tarts, pies, and so much more...but only one that caught my eye was the this thing I'm calling the "Coconut Ball"! It looked sooo good and was looking forward to getting one after my lunch..but I was too full! BOO!!  So if anyone stops by that place and tries it, you'll have to report how good it was! : )  - I'd definitely stop by here again the next time I'm down this way!
seriously, this is the best place in arizona for breakfast. you can't beat the great outdoor seating, fun little market shopping and the mimosas and bloody marys! what makes this place pretty special is that they grow a lot of the veggies right on property.
This is a great place to take out-of-town visitors.  Just be prepared to take a nap afterward...all of the fresh air, beautiful scenery and delicious food makes you sleepy!  The ambiance is unique; it's all outdoor seating at picnic tables under pecan trees.  Your meal is served in a basket and the food is very tasty.  You can buy fresh vegetables, unique gifts or go for a stroll through a botanical garden.  I highly recommend dining at The Farm at South Mountain!
This is a great place to picnic, bring out of town visitors, bring the dog, even bring some obnoxious children. Just don't bring them all at the same time.

There are so many reviews, I'll just add a few quick things.

The soup and sandwiches are probably the better things on the menu(although the bread can be hard), I agree with the others who said the counter line does not flow well, especially if you need a refill. (bring your own chest of drinks)
I've had several of the desserts and they were absolutely gross, especially the Pecan Pie ( I Make the Best) the blueberry pie used canned blueberry goo= Yuck, not impressed by the bread pudding or carrot cake either, the butternut squash creme brule' was quite tasty though.

Basically it's more about the scenery and having your own picnic, Heck you could even bring your own food if you wanted. In fact you should.

I haven't been to the back of the farm but I understand they have a breakfast restaurant with waiter service and a nice dinner place too, along with a few other shops.
Jen and I walked down a long mulched farm road lined by trees.  It felt as if we weren't in Phoenix anymore.  Well, except for the burning desert sun overhead.

On the farm road there were a handful of dining options.  Our selection was Morning Glory Cafe.

There were lots of cute outdoor tables, some with umbrellas, scattered in a little garden courtyard.  Servers were mulling about offering muffins and scones from large baskets as you looked over your menu.  Unlike bread at many restaurants these carbs ain't free.  we were told to help ourselves to drinks.  Nearby, there were spigotted vessels with coffee, water, lemonade, and a unsweetened flavoured iced tea.  Again, you will be charged for these later.

Perusing the menu, we were torn because everything looked delicious. There were a handful of omelettes, eggs benedict, french toast, and even a french toast monte cristo.  You could also order beverages not on spigot, like fresh squeezed oj and mimosas (i think these were $7.50) from this menu.

Sticking with self-serve drinks, Jen ordered a South Mountain Omelette which came with rosemary roasted potatoes and an herb biscuit.  I ordered morning glory benedict minus the ham, which came with accoutrement of rosemary potatoes but no biscuit.  It seemed like our food came a few minutes after ordering it.  It was the fastest service I have ever experienced.

Jen's omelette had green peppers, red peppers, snap peas, tomatoes, swiss chard, and farmer's cheese ontop,  She said, "This is the best omelette ever."  My eggs benedict (i'm a fan of benedicts) had perfectly poached eggs voluptuously mounting a tomato, on an english muffin bed, a dark green blanket of spinach draped over shoulders, and one of the best hollandaises ladeled ontop of it all.  It was delicious.  Also delicious was the rosemary roasted potatoes.  However, the biscuit was incredibly dry, so it was like mixing Quickrete(r) in yo mouf. (yes, i just said yo mouf)

It was very good food overall though with the eggs coming straight outta the hen house a few yards away and the veggies hailing from the equidistant farmer's market.  These fresh local ingredients make a big difference.

Morning Glory Cafe would make a great place to take out of town guests, family, bedheaded lovers, or hungover friends.
Being 72, I felt my parents tremble a bit when I said I was taking them to the "farm". Growing up in the midwest, it wasnt rare to hear "somebody bought the farm". This did not mean an uncle decided to purchase a ranch, but rather, met his maker, is now six feet under or my favorite, "he's in a better place now." That said, my folks were delighted at our Farm experience. It's always a challenge getting dad a plain sandwich in any restaurant but they were very accommodating. Mom and I both enjoyed our turkey sandwiches and the ice tea is extra good. Maybe it's brewed in the sun. That would be very farm-like, no? Now, I get the whole theme here with the picnic tables and all. Just not a big fan of it myself. That, and walking on grass. Ewww! But it's called the Farm and not the City, so no points docked for that. Really a unique Phoenix experience with a gift shop, walking trails and the smell of dirt. So hitch up your tractor and git on down to the Farm.
Cute cute spot and a fun idea... but I cannot get past the fact that even with plastic silverware, picnic style containers... and no servers, our bill was astronomical.  Be careful how much you get!

Anyway, the soup was the best part.  The bread was ridiculously hard on my sandwich.  The Pecan Pie was gelatin-ish and weird.

But it is fun to sit outside in this nice space.
Don't waste your time. I ate breakfast at Morning Glory Cafe today and it was not tasty and was overpriced. The dry, brittle scone was $3, a cup of serve yourself coffee was $2.50, and the "herbed buttermilk biscuit" was dense and hockey puck-like - not the soft, buttery kind of biscuit you would expect and could call buttermilk. My friend and I each spent $21 for breakfast, a non-alcoholic drink and a scone - pretty pricey. Sure, the atmosphere is nice but who cares when the food is boring and overpriced?
it is a place that everyone wants to like just because of its topography.Yes it is different from most here in AZ. Nice and peaceful. But I can find that in my back yard. I do not think the food is too spiffy. My sandwich bread was so hard it came close to cutting my gums and yes I do have healthy gums. The taste was of no particular flavour to the point that I can not remember what I ate. I get the feeling the customers are trying to hard too. This place is just not for me.
BOTTOM LINE: I love the soup & sandwiches. I can bring my dog.
Really great, really fresh food.  Definitely on the pricey side, but if you don't go too often, it's not a huge deal.  Outdoor seating is nice, and the Fall/Winter/Spring weather in Phoenix makes it really pleasant.  They aren't open in the summer, FYI.
If you go at the right time of the yr everything is in bloom and it is soo pretty. I went there the first time and ate the french toast which is amazing!,

Now heres were they lost a star. I ate breakfast there and I got egg whites and some other stuff. I went back to my hotel, about 3 hours later I had the 2nd worste food poisoning. I was in the bathroom the whole day and couldnt leave the next day for check out. I in no way could drive back w/o using a bathroom in 5 mins.

I lost about 5 lbs so they earned that star back ;)
I've been going to the Farm at South Mountain for a few years now. Its been a favorite place for me to take people when I just want to relax and enjoy the beauty of the outdoors. The ambience of this place is quaint and serene. And a tip for the guys, this is THE place to go if you want to impress a lady friend. They'll be so impressed that you picked such a cute and beautiful place. Trust me. ;-)

The food here is nothing spectacular, though you'd never know it from the price. As other reviewers have said, the sandwiches and salads from here are above average in price and just barely above average in taste and flavor. That being said, I think that some of their sandwiches are great ideas and actually have quite fresh ingredients. I love a chicken salad sandwich that actually has chuncks of chicken in it and not just a trace of what could have at one time been chicken. The best part of the meal could possibly be the little baskets that they put your food in. But, like I said, they food isn't bad, but its not spectacular for the price you pay. 

I highly recommend this restaurant that is so much more than a restaurant. From the trees and picnip benches to the little shop in the back to the gardens, this place is an oasis in a hectic city.
Morning Glory offers great French toast http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8rlTOw0IA1TENURMBJpaXw?select=-4feMjhfMVa68yPeJJeZ1Q#-4feMjhfMVa68yPeJJeZ1Q and good omelettes.  The Farm Kitchen sells great sandwiches and a few tasty pastry selections.  Side salads are pricy considering the size portions.  Haven't had a chance to dine at Quiessence, yet, but I've read great reviews.

BTW, one can also get massages here at The Retreat!  I've never been, but there is a sign that says "by appointment only."  There used to be a giftshop where one can buy natural beauty and skin products, but that's long gone (I used to get e-newsletters).  Those products used to be sold at a location next to the vegetarian/vegan restaurant that used to be on Goldman and 5th in Scottsdale, but that also closed a year or two ago...
Oh, I'm a fan.  Ever since we moved out from Washington, DC - three years ago and stumbled on this green oasis in the midst of all the brown.  Anytime I miss the East Coast,  we visit the Farm at South Mountain.  It turns out that The Farm is convenient to us as well.  But I'm happy to know that folks come from all over the Valley to enjoy the ambiance.

We love the breakfast.  YOU HAVE TO TRY THE MONTE CRISTO breakfast sandwich - it's a little slice of heaven (actually it's a huge, gimundo slide of french toast stuffed with an egg, ham, and swiss - except the description is a little fancier than what I've outlined ).

We've been going religiously for three years - almost every weekend when they are open.   The wait staff seems to revolve frequently- which is sad, because I love it when people know my name (it makes me feel special).
I have always enjoyed the atmosphere at the Farm. The menu is served cafeteria style so its quick service. My favorite part is finding a seat amongst the pecan tree orchard at a picnic table - makes me feel like Im at a picnic. If you visit at the right time of year - all of the foliage is blooming
A little bit of a drive for me - but when has that ever stopped me!??
Everytime I eat there though - I have not been impressed by the food. The salads ok....the pastries have you salivating while in line but nothing special.
Its too bad because they get the thumbs up on everything else.
This was a cool little restaurant with a great option to eat out under the trees. I loved their soup!
"I would give the location 5 stars and the restaurant 3, so we're at 4 stars overall.
I went with hubski and a couple of friends for a nice weekend picnic. The experience would have been a 5-star one if we had brown-bagged it, but as it was, we purchased food from the quaint little house-converted-to-restaurant. Hubski and I shared a veggie sandwich and a peach pie thing. Tasty, but most definitely overpriced. The iced tea was tasty and refreshing, but still, sharing a meal with a drink each, it should have been less money.
I'll go back for the ambiance. It's definitely kid and dog friendly, but we'll bring a big blanket, some kid toys, a dog or three, and lunch in a brown bag... we'll still buy pastries though."
An interesting venue - definitely mixed feelings re. this review - take it with a grain of salt if you want to visit, but otherwise, consider other options if you have them.

Joan and I were visiting her sister in Phoenix, and, to be honest, we had no idea where to go and consulted Yelp.  This place came up first for breakfast in the rankings, and I'm not surprised.  I don't know much about Phoenix, but relative to my standards of NY/LA, there's not much there.  We were very happy to drive up to the farm, park, and sit down at a very nice table in a beautiful, popular, semi-rustic setting.  The weather was perfect and the atmosphere delightful.  

Service was also great to start, coffee was self-serve and tasty too  ...... if only the food had been good as well.  I hate to give two stars, but Joan's frittatta was straight-up cold and rubbery.  Doesn't get much worse than that - the waitstaff warned us that it was 'served at room temperature,' but seemed like that was all-too-subtle code for 'just don't order this - it's bad.'  Wish they had just said that.

I had Eggs Benedict and it was so-so OK, but not good enough to balance it all out.  In the end, the waitstaff switched through shifts too and they messed up the bill, so that didn't help either.  But more than anything it was the mediocre food that earned the two stars here - I hope they improve it, as the setting was delightful, but until they do I can't recommend the place.  

(As an alternative, though...what else, exactly, is in Phoenix?)
Love to go for brunch on Sunday's. The food is always great but the service can be slow. If you're not in a hurry, enjoy the atmosphere...that's half the reason you should go there. They are supposed to have great bloody mary's however last time we were there they ran out of their mix and instead of telling us they ran out, they made a new mix with whole tomatoes. Although I give them credit for improvising I couldn't even drink through the straw it was so thick! It also had absolutely no flavor.  I ended up paying for a whole tomato in a glass even after I told the waitress I was unhappy with the drink. The food was delicious!
The service here is spotty and inattentive.  We actually had to remind our waitress twice to bring us our silverware.  Also, the breakfast skillet I ordered was less than hearty.  It came out in a mini iron skillet and was about the size of my palm.  For the price, I would have expected a far healthier portion.  The pretty outdoor setting is what makes me give these guys 3 stars instead of 2.
Awww...this place is really, really cute. 
I was introduced to the Farm when a friend held their wedding reception in the courtyard. It was beautiful and the food was delish. The restaurant is great, but when I took friends here for lunch it wasn't exactly what i had expected. The sandwiches were fairly overpriced for what they were, the drinks were even pricier.  You have to order your food up at the front instead of being waited on and even though it was quite busy, I still found the staff to be aloof and inattentive.
If you're looking for a place to bring mom or to have brunch with girlfriends, the setting alone is enough of a reason to bring them to the Farm...otherwise I would suggest somewhere else if you're looking for a an everyday breakfast or lunch spot.
We only had breakfast/ brunch at the Morning Glory, so i can't comment on any other feature of the Farm

- Cute place; looks like a small, family-run farm
- loads of picnic tables (and as we were driving out around 11a, we noticed a long line of cars parked along the gravel) 
- the setting would be great for baby and wedding showers, great for groups 

Food:
I had the Gourmet  Wild Mushroom Omelet with a side of sausage
- Home fries and Biscuit were a 3*
- Omelet was ok, with a too-thick hollandaise sauce; 2.5* at best
- Sausages were awful; really dry and cold
- Coffee was lukewarm; not very tasty

Everyone else's food looked pretty good, including the benedicts and tacos.
The Farm at South Mountain is a splendid little slice of the country- right here in the middle of the desert!

The plentiful green grass spotted with picnic tables makes me want to plan a family reunion. There are gardens and walkways to explore. From first glance, The Farm is a quaint, family-run farmhouse.

Visit Morning Glory Cafe for breakfast and you won't be disappointed. I've personally enjoyed the Morning Glory Benedict on several occasions, while my brother is a big fan of the Farm Monte Cristo. Both dishes are made with as many local ingredients as possible... mmm... local-icious. 

The Farm Monte Cristo is about as close as any breakfast food gets to "groin-grabbingly delicious." (a la Homer Simpson) It's slow baked ham, over easy eggs, and melted cheese between two generous pieces of French Toast. Served with warm maple syrup, this is it, folks. The grand-daddy of breakfast foods. 

The service here is generally solid. Our servers tend to be interesting, friendly, and adorable- all good qualities to have when you're serving breakfast to someone who isn't happy about being up early.

I'll return... and return... and return. I'm hooked.

I only wish Morning Glory wasn't closed for the summer! Killing me.
So different and refreshing. I love the set up and fresh ingrediants, great expierence, I can't wait to go back!
I love the atmosphere here but the food has taken a turn for the worst.  This used to be my favorite breakfast place but something has changed.  The food looks like the chef does not care.  There was no garnish on the plate, my eggs were cold.  My friend's waffles were burnt.  This is a lovely place to visit with a friendly wait staff but I do not recommend the food.
The Farm is a whimsical little natural paradise with great fresh food coming from THE farm itself. I've actually only been to one of the restaurants nestled in the gardens, The Morning Glory Cafe--and am never disappointed. I love going there mid morning on the weekends when they have a couple vendors out front. I'll always take family there when they come visit PHX and we'll spend time walking around through the veggies growing next to the restaurant and then to the little shops selling plants, jellies, books, etc. My favorite would have to be the tree that wears a knitted "sweater". Very practical because, #1 trees need sweaters, and # 2 it gets damn chilly here in AZ. 
I happened upon an outdoor yoga class once as well while waiting for a table...all kinds of good ,clean, hippie, fun:) 
So, all in all, The Farm has absolutely delectable, fresh, invigorating food that isn't all that pricey and even though you may have to wait a lil while for a table at peak brunch times, it usually turns into a lovely stroll through the gardens and fun shops (fairly painless in my point of view).
A nice place to have a sandwich and enjoy the open space!. Good to brunch in a big group. I still haven't try the morning glory cafe, but soups and sandwiches feel FRESH!
I love The Farm At South Mountain. It's kind of far from me, but definitely worth the drive. 

There's a plethora of things to do here, restaurants, small shops, great food and breath taking views of agrarian life in the city and South Mountain make this place a must! I've had some of the freshest and tastiest vegetables here, and I go all the time.
This place is a gem! It offers separate restaurants for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Came here on a Sunday for brunch which ends at 1pm. You just have to be seated by then, and from what we noticed, a few came in after that and were able to be seated.

That being said, it would be tough for a wheelchair or elderly people to make it to the brunch restaurant. It is all the way in the back of the property and the parking lot is across the street. The rest of the trek is gravel and dirt.

Everything they serve here comes from the property you are at. You can truly taste the freshness and your body will thank you. I had the chorizo scramble and it was excellent. A very filling meal, the flavors were vibrant and the atmosphere wonderful. For drinks, they have a self serve, station with lemonade, teas, coffees, etc. The speed of te service was excellent and very courteous.

This is a great place for groups or a couple to dine!
I visited the Farm for the first time today and frankly, was disappointed. I was expecting freshly prepared items and homegrown produce, and instead was met with a cafeteria counter of prepackaged salads that looked like they came straight from Circle K. Even the iced tea was not freshly brewed, but came from a dispenser. 

The Red Grape and Walnut salad was good, but the plastic container it came in was too small for tossing ingredients and for $10 I expected something MUCH better and bigger. I've heard the soups are good and the desserts looked awesome, but I'm not sure if I'll return.
We've always loved going to the farm for breakfast on the weekends.  There's always a wait, but you couldn't ask for a better place to wait!  We let the kids run around, the dog gets to walk, we stop and chat with Maya over at the farm stand, buy some things to plant in the garden.... pretty much a perfect morning if you ask me! 

It seems though, that the food just isn't what it used to be.  On our most recent visit, my husband's omelette had hardly any cheese in it, the french toast that our girls shared wasn't that great, and the "apple butter" it came with wasn't really apple butter.  Maybe it's an east coast thing that people don't know about out here, but apple butter doesn't contain butter at all.  Not in my book.  But, as I was saying, this was just apple-cinnamon flavored butter.  It was tasty, but I thought I would be adding something somewhat nutritious to their french toast when I requested it.  Quite the opposite...  To continue, the gravy for my country fried steak tasted fantastic- peppery and creamy and delicious!  But my eggs were completely undercooked and I had to send them back.  My husband was charged for a coffee he didn't get, and overall I think it was a bit pricey for the quality.  

We'll probably be giving it another chance soon since it's just a great way to spend the morning and so close to the places we like to hike.
this review is for the morning glory cafe met friends this morning for breakfast parked right after entering enjoyed a nice walk to morning glory restaurant casual dining all outdoors I had white truffle scramble w/lots of fresh vegies and a side order sausage, tasted fine my only complaint was that the food was barley warm my wife had a omlet with the same complaint we did not say anything and our friends did not mention it but my guess is the food was probley the same. service was good and setting was nice
This is my all time favorite breakfast place in Phoenix.  It's just far enough away from me that I can take the scooter out for a "long" ride.  You ALWAYS have to wait for a table because this place is busy, but while you wait, you can get your coffee and have a walk around the farm.  It's a great way to spend your morning.
I went here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon after hiking South Mountain. What an adorable place this is! It was pleasant to walk around the property, relax, and enjoy the scenery. I think you will appreciate this place if you don't compare it to similar *greener* places from where you probably grew up. 

I got the Tuscan sandwich and thought it was decent (although pricey). If I ever hike nearby again I would definitely go back and try something else!
Just happened here, on a business trip, between arriving at the airport and our afternoon meeting.  It was like we were in Sonoma, not Phoenix.

The pulled pork tacos were really nice and fresh, the tortilla soup a bit oily.  Someone else got some bread pudding and it was gooood.

Somehow, they ran out of running water, even in the bathrooms.  Strange, is that just part of this being a farm?
Haven't eaten at the farms restaurant. We went on Mothers Day and the menu seemed a bit pricey. 

But, we did shop at the farmers market (bought bread and some produce.) Then we sat down on the picnic tables and had a wonderful brunch eating what we had purchased at the market. 

There is a neat art studio towards the back of the farm. Staff was very friendly and helpful. 

There is a cool chicken coop that the kids can walk up to, the garden is right by the market which is an education tool for teaching our city kids where food comes from.  

This farm inspired my family to put in a large garden and raise 3 chickens in our backyard. 

It is great for an early summer morning outing with the family.
When we went here, we didn't realize that it was a real working farm. We just thought that was the name of the restaurant. We went for breakfast at the Morning Glory Cafe. It's all outside seating, self-serve coffee in a laid back atmosphere. The food was excellent. I got the breakfast tacos with eggs (although I would have preferred if they had a tofu option.) My husband got the cowboy breakfast and enjoyed it as well. Portions were large and service was fast. It's a very unique dining experience and I recommend it to all, especially tourists like us.
I hate cooing over how "cute" places are, but the Farm is SO CUTE.

After brunch, we walked around the grounds and checked out the chickens, which I would describe as "MAJESTIC" and also "NOBLE."  The hens looked really happy, just clucking around and soaking up some sun.  It made me feel bad for liking to eat them.

It can only imagine how gorgeous the Farm is in the summer - I'd love to take out a big woven blanket and a book to lay around the farm on a lazy afternoon, doing nothing except...

periodically walking about to admire the chickens.
After a late night at work on Saturday, a late Sunday brunch at the Farm sounded amazing! We pulled in around 10:00, and were warned by someone at the front that the wait for breakfast was at least 45 minutes, but there wasn't wait for lunch. By 10:00, I didn't really care whether I ate breakfast or lunch - just that I ate. 

We walked in to place our lunch orders, and I was a little surprised by the cost of the food, but it looked really good. I ordered the albacore tuna sandwich and grabbed a sugar cookie as a little after-lunch treat. The tuna was amazing, and the veggies and cheese on my sandwich were so fresh! Definitely worth the $10. My sugar cookie was great too! It was almost like a mix between a muffin and a cookie, and was made with all natural ingredients, so it wasn't artificially sweet. 

The outdoor seating area is huge, and was perfect for a beautiful spring morning. I hope to arrive earlier next time so I can check out the breakfast, but will definitely be back for lunch.
It's so nice to stroll around this old pecan farm. You really feel like you're in the rural country side. I love the garden, the towering trees, the shade. It's lovely. 
Best chocolate cake I've ever had is from here. And amazing soup and sandwiches. A little more on the pricier side, but worth it. 
I've been a couple times and have never had a bad experience with service. It's too bad they shut down in the summer. I understand during the day, but in the evening this place would be delightful to have dinner.
It's really called Morning Glory Cafe.
It's on a farm that's all organic. My sister asked "Do you think they spray for flies?" but immediately noticed the incongruity.

The sausage at the breakfast place was really good.

An admin at Yelp needs to move these reviews over there. I give it a 5 mostly to counteract the one-star. Otherwise, I didn't pay, but I'd give it at least a 4 on taste.

Look for the rest of the reviews for this place here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/morning-glory-cafe-phoenix#hrid:YAbb2MOxdLvD4qkvlO7Wug/src:search/query:The%20Farm
One of the most relaxing places that's within biking distance from my house. I, am indeed, one lucky gal! 

While it's not huge, the farm can keep me occupied for hours on end. I just love the serenity and beauty of it all, and taking time to breathe deeply and enjoy the little things in life. 

The Maya Farm apparently has amazing CSA shares I am going to buy into shortly that include flowers. I buy myself flowers every week, so this is a super fantastic deal :)

The little art shops and gardens are just beautiful and everyone is so nice and kind. I spent quite a bit of my stay there today playing with an adorable boston terrier. 

Downfall is the lack of good places I felt safe parking my bike. Bonus is I just brought it with me (consider it my dog) wherever I traveled. 

I will be back here... again.. and again.. it's a great weekend morning trip. I took some fantabulous photos today.
4 stars because when the weather is good in the Valley, we should be outdoors eating in a shaded pecan grove... rather than playing on the Wii or walking inside the mall.  Came here for a baby shower hosted by another... so I haven't tried the full monty for food, but it's in my mind for any event I might have to host...
This place is awesome! I ate a chicken sandwich at the Farm Kitchen for lunch and couldn't be more pleased, it was delicious!! The menu carries a good selection, the food is fresh, and the desserts.... WOW! 

It is a little pricey - I paid $32 for 2 sandwiches/2chips/2drinks. Parking is confusing - especially if its your first time. I went at about noon and drove into the property only to get stuck. Too many cars are trying to come in/out of a small space which creates a mess. There is a lot directly across the street that handles the overflow - just park there! 

The employees are very pleasant and the overall feel of the location as a whole is very welcoming. I definitely recommend it - can't wait to try the breakfast and dinner restaurants :)
Put it this way: Every guest I have in Phoenix, I force to get the Monte Cristo at Morning Glory. It is just that good.
Who knew this place was here. Located in South Phoenix in an area you wouldn't expect it.  Great for it's picnic type atmosphere and good old school healty food.  Don't forget to try the desserts as they are heavenly.  Summertime it is a great breakfast place on Saturdays but arrive early or you may have a wait.
While you will pay more for lunch here than most places, I believe it is totally worth it.  The pecan pie alone is worth the drive.  Can't wait for it to cool down again so I can go!  Fresh and local...good combination!
I don't mind waiting for brunch when I can casually stroll the garden and visit the farm animals and just slow down-.  This is the place to go for a touch of 'green' oasis in the desert- a place to bring guests from out of town to enjoy organic food and the company of each other.
Probably the best mushrooms I've ever had.  Beef was nice.  Service a little slow but ambiance was great.
All right, this place holds sentimental value, so forgive the obligatory 5 star review.

The restaurant serves a variety of sandwiches, which are great, and also tiny little pecan pie that I never tried, but are simply adorable. But I am not here to talk about the food, I am here to talk about the ambience of....THE FARM.

In Phoenix, it is hard to get away from the feeling of, "hey, I live in a desert!" But during your time at The Farm, you kind of forget that. And that is nice. It looks like, and is, a farm! If you walk a little further beyond the picnic tables and you will visit the giant cabbage patches, pecan groves, and loud roosters and hens. If you aren't up to spending some money, then just bring a blanket and a picnic basket & enjoy the scenery.

And, if perchance, you decided to get married, this is by far the best place in Phoenix to have your ceremony & reception. It's pretty freakin' romantic.

JUST SAYIN'.
If you like spending $25 per person for a breakfast that includes flies, bird droppings and an extremely long wait (40 min) then this is for you!!!  In our exhaustive search for a breakfast restaurant in PHX that has NY style home fries, this unfortunately fails.  Although the Benedict itself was good, the tiny portions, soggy overseasoned home fries and aforementioned service/atmosphere make this outdoor experience a good place to skip.  I'll see you at Matt's, that is far worth the wait!
Amazing and as fresh as it gets.  best breakfast in AZ
I love The Farm! We do eat at their restaurants, however we also brown bag a lunch and enjoy a beautiful day lounging in the Pecan Grove. 

I can't rave enough about the location, the people, everything!

Oh, and we got married there, which makes it even more special :)
Went to Morning Glory and had their french toast with candied pecans. It was delicious! Loved being outside and enjoyed the atmosphere so much.
Really great bfast and beautiful setting. Great for kids.
I love Morning Glory for Sunday brunch!  I've had everything from their oatmeal to the Monte Cristo to fruit, and everything has been delicious.  I'm a fan of bringing guests from out of town, because it feels like you're escaping from Phoenix.  All the staff have been really nice too -- one very sweet waitress always remembers my puppy and brings her a bowl of water even if she isn't waiting on my table.
I like the this place.   

The food is good, but the best thing is the atmosphere.   In Phx we have great weather much of the year, but it is hard to find a good outdoor eating place.   Most of Phx restaurants are on busy major roads, if you eat outside you are looking at a parking lot and being serenaded with traffic noise.   There are some nice outdoor places but they all seem to be really  $$ or crowded or poor food or loud.

The Farm is far from a road or even a big parking lot.   That does mean you usually have to walk a little ways, but it is a nice walk.   

Nothing like going their early in morning in April or March, very nice setting.

One person commented on flies - I never had this problem, not sure if this got better or worse.   I was last there over a year ago.
Beautiful property, nice place to spend a lazy weekend morning. But the food is overpriced, and really small in quantity. I got the Italian sandwich with meats and pepperchini and cheese....it was good, though very much on the salty side. My friend got pasta. It was simple and tasty, but the quantity was so little that he was done in 5 minutes! My sandwich came with no sides. The passionfruit ice tea I got was delicious, though. I think the food prices include the price of the entire "experience"--the farm, the artists cottage and the ranch-like atmosphere just a short drive away from the city. That's what makes this place pricey. I had a coupon from Groupon so I didn't feel too bad about it! Oh, and we saw some people out in the picnic area with metal detectors....don't know if The Farm had hired them, but they were using those detector thingies to hunt for quarters! One of the men said on most "expeditions" they find rings dropped by guests. So be careful, people!
Best eggs I have ever had and take my word for it, I am very picky with my eggs. This is a straight up farm with the gardens, trees, and chickens. It was absolutely beautiful. You sit outside surrounded by mother nature and your breakfast comes out at record speed nice and hot. I ordered the eggs skillet with the truffle oil. The vegetables were delicious, the eggs were perfect, and I am a new fan of truffle oil. After the delicious breakfast, i walked over to the chicken coop and thanked the chickens for my delicious breakfast as it would not have been possible without them. I will definitely come back here. They have different places for lunch and dinner.
My immediate and extended family have been coming here for years and have ZERO complaints. The food is a buck or 2 more than most places but this isn't your typical dining experience. No place in town compares to the atmosphere and the food is very good. We all love the variety of deserts and the ice tea is excellent. As for the person complaining about occasional ant... HELLO... it's outdoors! And for the person who thought the food was too expensive... go to Denny's for a cheap meal. They cover all three meals via the Farm Kitchen for lunch, a terrific breakfast area, morning Glory cafe, and an excellent evening dining experience @ Quiessence. Thanks for giving us this jewel in the desert.
A really cool experience.  Located on a large property that takes you instantly from the city into this quaint goodness of organic gardens and Pecan trees.  It's a dining-out experience, so the best time to go is on nice days.  The food is perfect, picnic style food.  I had the tuna sandwich which was fantastic.  Overall, the whole experience of dining out in a picnic setting was  most memorable.  Take your friends and family !!!
The overall experience will become something you crave.  Take visitors here, take your dog!  Nestled in a huge pecan grove, with organic garden, just moments from the city, the food is amazing.  You will never forget it.  The place should be named "The Jolly  Farm," because I didn't want to leave.  I woke the dreaming about the chocolate cookie I took to go and ate when i  got home.  FANTASTICAL !!!
I love this place!!! This brown bag sandwich, salad, and soup place is soooo good. Although a little pricey ($15 pp sandwich+drink), it's worth every penny. You will know what I mean when you sit down at a picnic table in the sun, under huge pecan trees. If you have kids or dogs , bring them with their frisbees and toys. The turkey club sandwich is excellent, so is the chicken salad sandwich. ALL of their salads are amazing, as are their sides (dreaming of their sweet potato salad). The ingredients used are top quality, fresh, and amazing!
I have wanted to go here for brunch for a long time.  Finally made it there this past weekend.  Great setting -- so pretty and unique and reminds that Phoenix can be awesome.

I arrived at 11:30 and had a 20 minute wait. No big as it gave me time to walk the grounds.  Was seated, odered the ham & cheese omelletee with home fries.  Food took about 30 minutes, again no biggie but something to be aware of if you are hungry and/or with children.

Food was dropped off with not much fan fare.  Immedietly I saw a black hair sticking out of the fries.  Eww and Hello!  Did no one see this?  Ate the omelette, was very good but found two more very long black hairs intertwined in the fries.  It was gross.  One hair falls out --ok its unfortunate, but this...was like someone had pulled these long hairs out in wrapped them up in the fries.

No thanks.
Breakfast is fantastic.  Work on the coffee selection.  Only thing holding back a star is no French press coffee or an espresso machine
With a "moo-moo" here and a "moo-moo" there... Everywhere a "moo-moo"!  Sorry that was the first thing that came to mind when I was  asked to go to the farm for lunch.   As first timers , we were a little confused on where we suppose to start, but there was a long line of people, with no food, holding menu's... so we started there. As a vegetarian I was pleasantly surprised with the variety in their menu.  In fact I changed my mind five times before we got up to order.  I ended up with a 1/2 Farm Fresh Veggie sandwich, a cup of bean soup and finished up with butternut squash creme brulee. The food was excellent, in fact I had to restrain from licking my soup bowl clean.  The only downside is it took forever to come out, and to top it off, I had to get a redo on my sandwich because they smothered it in Mayo (Which I do not eat, EVER!).  Despite the semi-chaotic service and delivery, it's hard to complain about getting a great meal, and enjoying in such a beautiful setting. The tables are set up along side the farm, and surrounded by huge trees.  I am really looking forward to coming back and giving their breakfast a shot!
although the location and seating outside were great the place scored very low on recent visit for lunch. very pricy for what u get pre made salads looked small and unappelling. our sandwiches were lacking the main ingreditants which left them very small mostly bread which was dry. soup was cold a..even with our groupon coupon our bill for 3 people was $20 would not recommend this place ..
Yes, the line to order was long.
Yes, the wait for the food was a good 15 minutes.  
And, yes, the food was worth it!

I had the Tuscan Chicken Sandwich.  The bread and the veggies were very fresh and the creamy balsamic was perfect.  Normally served on focaccia, but they were out so it was on a baguette.  Probably the softest baguette I've ever had; no scraping up the roof of my mouth!  The boy enjoyed the Pulled Pork Sandwich and we split a piece of the Pecan Pie.  YUMMY!!

As far as the wait for the food goes, just get a piece of pie while you're in line and eat dessert first!  One note, you can't order salads from the register.  The salads in the cooler are the only ones they have.  Once they are out, they're out.  If you want a salad, you might want to go early, or at least before 1:30.  They serve lunch until 3:00.

While we were eating, I witnessed one woman pull a plastic grocery bag out of her purse, then pull two baggies out of the plastic bag, and put the second half of her sandwich in the baggie and offer the other baggie to her friend.  I haven't quite decided if this is a genius move or a crazy-bag-lady move.   Either way, she was prepared!

One thing that could have made my lunch at The Farm a five-star experience would be a nice glass of bubbly or crisp white wine to go with my lunch.  I'm sure the boy would have enjoyed a nice local brew with his pulled pork sandwich.

Lunch at The Farm reminded me of my lunch at the Olive Mill except for the drinks (bummer) and the 45-minute drive (cool).  

Yes, it was a great lunch!
And, yes, we will be back!
I love the surrounding farm! If you want to have a retreat away from the office in the middle of the day this is a great spot. The food is really good! A little pricey but you get what you pay for. It's usually crowded and you have to stand in line to order but I don't mind standing amongst the trees and plants. They aren't open all year around for lunch so you may want to call first. There is only outside seating.  Don't let the neighborhood scare you off, it's a really nice place. Take me away!!!!
the sandwich was amazing....but defintiely not worth $9. I've definitely had better.  It didn't even come with a side. great location and outdoor seating, but overrated.
A unique park-like setting, located at the back of a modest farm.  Many lovely things to look at while you wait.  The brunch is served very casually, on paper plates, which seems strange for what is essentially gourmet food, but maybe it keeps the costs down.
there were too many flies, it is outside and people bring their dogs
to sit on the chairs.  Everything from the trees flies on the table and in your food.   There is no accessability for the handicapped at all, there is no pavement, you are walking in mud and on rocks.    Also the bathrooms
are awful and no one wears gloves at all!!!!
I've only had lunch here (too hard to leave the house in a timely manner with a three year old...sigh, so I missed breakfast) and cannot wait to return. I had the BBQ pulled pork, which was tender and juicy and the best BBQ Iv'e had recently (beside homemade). My five foot lover had the veggie, which was refreshing and crisp, and just perfect, which can be difficult in a veggie sandwich. Most places have a very generic idea of a veggie samwich. My munchkin had the PBnJ, which was really good for the kind of sandwich that I hate to order from a restaurant because it is such a (sad) staple in our home. 
And the setting....ugh, so pretty!!! Ready to give up the city and hit the hills, where all I do is (pretend to) garden and eat and drink and create wonderful watercolors.
The food was excellent. The service...meh. We waited an hour for Sunday brunch, but there was alot to do while we waited so it was fine. I understand it's a busy place, but I guess I just expected a  a service experience that matched the food and atmosphere.
I love the atmosphere at the Farm (when it's not too hot) and the food is pretty darn good every time I've gone.  The downsides are it's a little pricy and gets pretty crowded when it's nice out.
Great place to go on a nice sunny Phoenix day.  Be sure to bring a Frisbee or football to throw around and have one of the delicious soups and sandwiches.  Most locals don't know about this place and I am OK with that since it already gets crowded to the point that I have never been able to walk in and get a seat at the Cafe.  You can easily spend an hour walking around the farm and discovering a bit of Phoenix history.
great sandwiches and olive oil products!
The farm is fun place you can take the kids and sit on a bench it or can be romantic breakfast for 2
 - fell in love with the fresh yogurt/granola and French toast with sweet syrup for breakfast! Better to eat on a nice cool day and then walk around after and enjoy the greenery ;)
Just plain excellent every time!! Love it! Food and setting are fantastic! They do a good job for Arizona!! Probably one of the best breakfast/brunch places in Phoenix! This is one of those spots that actually is good even if you have to wait to get a seat!
Deep within a pecan grove, is a small organic farm that has a small cafe. which prepares its food with using the organic vegetables and herbs.  

It is an anomaly and is always popular for those who want to get away from suburban sprawl.  

It is a little pricey for breakfast, but it is worth the splurge.
Love it here. Highly recommend and can't wait to go back. They do a lot of cute things, and the food is good.
Finally got to eat brunch at the Morning Glory cafe and it was fantastic! The only downside was the cost of Bloody Mary's...$9??? That's steep. For this time of year, the setting and the weather definitely enhance the dining experience. Our waiter/host was fantastic, especially when he offered my friend a great-smelling rose. I wish I had more opportunities to make this my weekly brunch spot.
The ambience and the setting is awsome but i expected a lot more from the food.  Came out slighlty on the cool side so by the time I was finishing my plate it was warm at best.  We had breakfast but i will be going back to try their lunch and dinner.
The Farm at South Mountain is so very quaint, and doesn't feel like you are in the middle of Phoenix. When I went it was for a self lead venue tour, so I was free to roam the property- and I was most impressed with the succulent green house, the old house that is turned into a shop, the chicken coupes, and the quissisential wedding garden. All were so charming. The farm was my front runner for a long time for my wedding but another venue gave me a better deal. I will always hold a special place in my heart for the farm at south mountain though. :) I can't tell you anything about the food as I have never tried it, only about the location itself.
Awesome fresh sandwich!  Had the Tuscon and the entire thing was delicious.  Minus a star for the flavored iced teas - a little too diluted.

But yeah, this is what a $10 sandwich should taste like!
Four stars for the food.
Another cumulative star for the service, making them a solid five.
That was before we checked out.

Minus five for their not having a defibrillator anywhere on site when my heart began missing beats right after their informing me how two cups of turkey soup, one half sandwich, a whole sandwich, two iced teas, a cookie and a small slice of bread pudding came to forty-seven bucks.

I must have appeared to the cashier as a mouth-breather and to everyone else in line when I stood there, frozen, vegetatively reverberating;  "huh....forty-seven bucks...really...how is that even possible???
[head shake]

Eventually, my friend's laugher brought me back. 

But it was my turn to pay for lunch, so I couldn't tell them to stuff their forty-seven bucks and walk out. This place is in the middle of BFE, with nowhere else to eat except the desert, and I don't care for cactus or rocks...so I sucked it up
and did the only thing I could do under the circumstances.

I sat there eating my lunch....fixating on how I'd just blasted through one fifth of my unemployment check on a fucking turkey sandwich. 

Not going back.
DELICIOUS! Try the coconut cake, I hate coconut but love this cake, and the carrot cake!
I am not a breakfast person at all. So for me to be raving about breakfast is a funny. My sister took me here cause they loved it. It is by far the best place in Phoenix to have breakfast. The biscuits and gravy was out of this world and the cinnamon french toast was heavenly. It's a little hard to find. Once you find the farm you have to travel down the long dirt driveway to get to the cafe (to find no parking). Just park out front and take the nice walk through the beautiful farm on the way in. It's worth it!
I am partial, my husband and I got married here last May and it was everything we could have wanted. Being from the northeast and him from the Midwest, we feel starved for green grass, deciduous trees and rustic, wooden fences. The Farm really delivers those wonderful feelings of reconnecting with nature and socializing in an outdoor setting that doesn't feature poured concrete flower beds and overly watered tropical plants. 

For wedding reception/ceremony: We used Mike Kennedy, the nondenominational officiant The Farm recommended for our ceremony, he was excellent. The staff at the Farm as well as Santa Barbara Catering (You must use them to be married here) were outstanding! Our guests said it was the best food they have ever eaten at a wedding, which is a huge compliment. We choose the grove (under the white tent in the pecan grove) for our reception (they have a few other locations to pick from depending on location on the property) and our ceremony was under the large wooden, vine covered arbor - perfection! As wedding prices go, it was definitely reasonable - no idea why the world thinks that in order to have a lovely wedding you need to drop oodles of loot - the Farm is a great option for nature lovers, people missing trees, grass etc, great food, amazing service and a memorable location for their wedding (it was actually less expensive than 90% of the hotel/buffet options out there)

Food: there are three dining options at The Farm, Quiescence (fancy, high end dining) Morning Glory Cafe (breakfast/brunch), The Farm Kitchen - (lunch) I could write a novel here, but overall: the food is a little expensive (lunch is usually $10-$15/person with drinks or if you want desert tack on an additional $3-5 bucks) but it is very good, plus you get the great ambiance of dining under trees on a picnic table or in their little courtyard area. If it's busy prepare to wait awhile to order  and get your food (self serve, you gotta pick it up at the window when they call your number)

 For breakfast/brunch at Morning Glory expect similar pricing, but this is located towards the back of the property in a cozy little brick patio area - simple waiter service.
Our wedding here last year was beautiful. The moment we arrived I knew this was the place for us. It reminded me of back home in the Midwest with the trees and grass, and was the perfect outdoor location for our romantic wedding. I wish I'd found it sooner. But we'll look forward to going back to visit for our anniversary. 

After our tour, we had breakfast on the property - fresh eggs and lemonade, sunlight streaming down. What a happy memory!

We also had a laid-back fun rehearsal lunch catered at the picnic tables that was delicious and picturesque.
My wife had a tuna sandwich and I had the flank steak. We bot had a small iced tea. The total was $31. which is quite high for  two drinks & sandwhiches with no sides. 
The rating I gave was an overall rating.
 To break it down, I would say the food was good, but not exceptional, so 4 stars. The value rating would be 1 star, based on just two base sandwhiches & two drinks. Atmophere; you eat outside and most of the tables are right off 32nd st so it's a little noisy. Just basic plastic chairs so nothing fancy, so 3 stars. The staff here gets 5 stars; nice and friendly.
I came here to scheck out what all the high ratings were on both yelp and urban spoon. I don't think I will come back.
One of my best girlfriends got married here this weekend and all I have to say is AMAZING!!!!! The location is spectacular and a hidden gem in the middle of the desert. I am from the Midwest and it really felt like I was back home. 

I have had brunch at the cafe here and walked around the property when my friend decided it was the location for her Wedding. The BBQ dinner that was prepared for the Wedding reception was so yummy!!! And the staff was amazing and stealthlike...things were always taken care of but you hardly noticed that the staff was there and when you did they were so accomodating and friendly.

My only caution is to any bride who thinks this is a beautiful setting but does not consider that you are at a FARM! The bride's dress was filthy after dragging it across the ground and everyone's shoes were dusty but no one at this Wedding cared. If this might bother you or guests, this may not be the place for you. I urged female friends to wear wedges or flats because heels will dig right into the grass at the Farm.

Regardless of the event, go check out the Farm at South Mountain. You can grab lunch and sit at one of the picnic tables and just enjoy the beauty of the property.

Thank you to The Farm for making my friend's Wedding day the best it could possibly be!
The Farm at South Mountain is beautiful and a real gem of the Valley.
But the restaurants are FAR to expensive to even bother trying the food!
A sandwich at the Farm Kitchen can cost you no less than $10!! And that is all you get for the price-a sandwich, not even a pickle on the side!

The small treats, like bars, muffins, etc. are expensive as well.

So...to really enjoy the beautiful landscape, pack a picnic and walk around the property. They have a beautiful shaded picnic table area, large garden, and artists' cottages. 

It really is a great place to experience actual greenery and you can make your time there even better by preparing a picnic to enjoy!
Atmosphere is awesome
Tree lined picnic table area.  We brought badmitton set to play, other ppl had frisbeez & footballs.  Leashed dogs are welcome.  Food is very good bu a tad pricey.  
I will definitely be back to spend a sunny day, but ill probably bring my lunch & purchase a drink or dessert only
Quiessence looks like it wld b an amazing place at nite.  We will for sure check that out some evening
Oh my goodness. The food here is amazing. Simply amazing. I have had the pleasure of ordering food to-go here three times and staying for lunch once. Each time it does not disappoint. 

The restaurant is out doors and quite quaint. You order your drinks inside and they serve it for you, which can be a pain for people like me who re-fill about 4-5 times, you have to go back inside and wait in line to have someone serve you. The serve your order in a cute basket and you have to find your own seating. 

Every time I have gone I've ordered the Old Fashioned Turkey Sandwich, although it costs almost $11.00, it's worth it! I don't go as often as I'd like because I can't justify buying an $11.00 sandwich so often but the times I do go I don't regret it. 

Parking is limited so if you don't find parking directly in front of the restaurant then park on the opposite side of 32nd street. Don't waste your time driving through the long road past the restaurant, parking is too far and the multiple speed bumps are annoying. 

Each time I have gone the service has been just fine.
Beautiful, charming farm with 2 restaurants on the premises. Lots of beautiful crops, pecan trees, awnings and pergolas to drool over. There's even a chicken coop! I honestly could spend all day here. I wish I had known about this place when planning my wedding, it's absolutely gorgeous.
Cool set up! We liked the feel of the place. The food was good, but I guess we were hoping for really good. We would return but only if we were in the area.
I can't tell you enough how much I love this place. I love the scenery, it's like you're not in Phoenix anymore. The farm has three places to eat, I am more of a picnic girl, specifically because I know I can get sweet potato salad and a portobello sandwich and frolick in the grass. Okay, so I don't frolick, but I do sit on a cute bench. Everytime I'm there they have a new soup! It's like a birthday present midweek I swear. The weddings are beautiful there and morning glory is good for company in town.
This is a fun little hidden spot.  The Farm has amazing sandwiches!  My boyfriend got the flank steak sandwich and the meat was fresh and delicious.  I got the turkey sandwich and it tasted like a Thanksgiving dream!  
The location is huge.  We came on a Saturday and it was very busy, but there was plenty of space.  All of the sandwiches are served in baskets so its like a cute little picnic.  The area is beautiful as well.  Next time I am there I will definitely do some more exploring of the grounds.
It would get a five star review, but the prices for the sides and desserts are a little steep.  I got a sweet potato salad which tasted like it was dunked in onion juice.  The cupcake we got was a chooclate gnache which was so thick it made the cupcake crumble.  They were each 4 dollars too (bringing our total for 2 sandwiches, 2 drinks, 1 side and 1 dessert to 40 bucks). 
Overall though this a great little outdoor spot.  I say its a definite "must visit" for locals, but I recommend avoiding the sides and bringing your own bottle of water.
this is a very interesting place to go if for no other reason than the setting....but don't do like we did and park in their lot across the street....parking available right by the restaurant........the food is great for breakfast, and the buttermilk biscuits are phenomenal...the young waitress was from White Center, a suburb of Seattle, where I grew up....she did a great job.....recommend this place to anyone....and buy an extra biscuit!!!
Being new to the Phoenix area, I heard about the Farm from friends at work. I've been missing the grass and trees of my east coast hood, so when I saw a groupon for the Farm, I decided to bring the hubby for a Monday lunch date. The Farm was quite a drive from our Arcadia home, but the scenery was beautiful. Since I didn't grow up playing in the desert with cacti, I get giddy when I see mountains and cacti!
Anyway, we parked across the street then proceeded to walk the grounds. I heard that there is a farmers market on the weekend, but since it was a Monday, it was closed. I did walk through their food co op and it was pretty impressive that they grow veggies and fruit onsite. After about an hour, I was ready for lunch, I had the Pecan Chicken Salad Sandwich and hubby, the flank steak sandwich . I saw lots of homemade deserts but settles on the cherry bread pudding. Our sandwichs were on par with any gourmet sandwich shoppe and the cherry bread pudding was average and very small on portion. Even with the groupon (which was worth $20) we still spent an extra $25, so it isn't cheap. Honestly your not really paying just for the food, but the experience of a picnic lunch in a large , lush field. It made for a fun lunch date outside.
A picturesque locale with good sandwiches and beverages. Since the seating is outdoors, this does limit the times when I feel like coming here, since your enjoyment level of eating here will partially depend on the weather.
Great outdoor option for Phoenix people
The food was very fresh and so good but quite pricey. It was $10.95 for a sandwich or salad and that didn't include anything else. Their Portabella with roasted pepper sandwich was to die for.  Unless we have another Groupon it won't be a place we'd go on a regular basis.
An excellent little place to have a picnic lunch!  Prices are a bit high, but the atmosphere and use of local products for the food is great!  We will be back.
I just moved here from CA and I had NO IDEA that something like this could exist in the desert. The farm is absolutely gorgeous!

This review is based on the Breakfast restaurant, not the lunch or dinner restaurant. I haven't tried those places yet.

We have come here twice now for Breakfast. I wanted to give the place another shot before writing a review.

The first time we came on a Sunday. The place was packed, expect to wait at least 30 minutes. The table we were seated at was slanted since the tree roots had brought up the pavement. Neg 1.

The back of the menu talks about how the Farm is into recycling, the environment, etc... So I told the server that I wanted the eggs benedict. I will pay the full price of the meal but I just wanted half an order (so I didn't waste any food). We spent about 5 min going back and forth about how if I just got half an order I would still have to pay full price (as I already said I would). Then someone else came out and told me I would have to pay full price, I said I understood that, I just didn't want to waste any food. Finally, my order comes out she says "sorry the kitchen is too busy so you have to get the full order."

My eggs were okay but I think they forgot to toast the muffins so the meal didn't taste good.

The second time we went there, we decided to try going during the week so it wouldn't be as busy. Well, we got the same sucky server. She forgot to bring me my orange juice until the end of the meal and forgot to bring me my lemon. The menu is smaller during the week. The biscuits didn't taste fresh which is one of their signature items. The bacon tasted and felt like it had been on the burner all morning. She brought out sausages for my husband when he ordered bacon.

We will not be going there for breakfast again... If we do, we will bring our own breakfast and eat at the picnic tables.
This was a great place to stop for lunch. A great sandwich and bowl of soup. The setting with the flowers and trees makes you feel  miles away from a big city nearby. Lots of picnic tables and cafe tables with a  live flower on each one. If you want a relaxing lunch and a stress reliever, you need to find this place and relax. Makes you feel  like you are on a picnic. Your food comes in a paper lined old fashioned basket. Put this on your to do list. They also serve fine dining at dinnertime.
We ate here on Mothers Day at the Morning Glory Cafe. Our food was great. Everyone in our group cleared their plates. I had the Juevos Rancheros and it did not dissapoint. I also tried the French toast and the sausage gravy. Everything amazing. We had good service too!  We got lucky and were seated in the shade.  The only part I didnt like was that it was up to us to find out own high chair and we could only find 2 in the entire resturant and they were in use.  I think the staff should find the high chair, especially since when we made a reservation, we said we needed 2.
I can't stop coming here. From the day that I discovered this place, I'm here pretty much any chance I get for lunch.

It's incredible to drive less than 10 minutes from my client's offices and find myself at a beautiful farm. I love eating at the wooden picnic tables under the trees that adorn the long grass field adjacent to the Farm's kitchen. 

You feel like you've left the world you were in, and gone off to simpler time and place, the kind you see in movies or read about in books. It's an incredible 30 minute vacation from work. Just be careful as the summer months approach, eating outside can take it's toll in 100 degree weather.

But the Farm doesn't get a 5-star rating on ambiance alone - the food here is fantastic. Everything is about as fresh as it can be - the vegetables are crisp and vibrant, the breads are all fresh baked and incredibly delicious, and the meats are always tender and juicy.

I love getting two half sandwiches (at no extra cost), and frequently will choose an old favorite and an interesting new item.

My absolute favorites:

Tuscan Sandwich . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $10.95
Grilled herb chicken, marinated artichokes, 
shredded Parmesan Reggiano and Asiago, 
balsamic dressing, tomatoes, herb mayo and 
organic field greens on focaccia

Grilled Chicken BLTDA Sandwich . . . . . . . . . $10.95
Marinated chicken breast, crisp Meat Shop 
bacon, organic field greens, local Black Sphinx 
dates, Granny Smith apples and tomatoes with 
basil mayo on potato bread

And if you're eating vegetarian (make sure to add avocado):

Farm Fresh Seasonal Sandwich . . . . . . . . . . . . $10.95
Local seasonal roasted vegetables, shredded 
Parmesan Reggiano and Asiago, hummus and 
organic field greens on nine-grain

Every dessert I've had here is marvelous. The chocolate cake stands out as magical (incredibly rich, yet somehow feels light enough to float on air).

Go. Now.
My sister got married here March of last year, we had a great experience. All the pictures turned out beautiful, the area for the bride was very cute! The one down fall to the situation was the bathroom. I was unimpressed! Everything else was wonderful! 

The food was incredible!! Probably the best part of the wedding :) The staff was all very accommodating and helpful! I would recommend The Farm!
A really charming feature of the Phoenix Metro area is the Farm at South Mountain.  Located  a couple miles north of South Mountain, it truly brings out that Midwestern nostalgia that has a very simple comforting feel to it.  

Our destination at the Farm was Morning Glory Cafe.  With all outdoor seating you would expect it to get a little toasty, but the its completely covered by gorgeous trees that not only shade, but provide a picturesque surrounding.  

The food is all grown on site and the quality was great.  I had the Italian Omelet with mushrooms, cheese covered with marinara sauce.  It was delicious and the perfect size serving.  

Theres so much I didnt get to explore on site, but for breakfast, I can't think of many better places.  Give it a shot!
Ok, I have been back a few times since my last review and I must say the food was great, the atmosphere was amazing, and the service was charming.  I take everything back that I said before.  Everything was great!
Very nice ambience, especially in the fall. 
Large, mature trees line long fields with a pretty view of the south mountains. A quaint "farm" setting with small gardens and little shops in shabby chic buildings. 

You park across the street in a dirt/rock lot. Once you wander across the street, there is a cute little shack type set up, you walk in, grab your fresh made, plastic packed items. They have fresh and hearty salads with your choice of gourmet dressings, choices of sandwiches on artisan breads, delicious muffins and cake slices, all made right there. There are really cute miniature pies that look great, as well as fresh made lemonades that are really good. 

You get your sandwiches (fresh made) in a little picnic basket, after you pay. Grab a seat in the fenced in garden and enjoy the views and the weather (if it's not too hot out). Many people bring their pups and enjoy a walk around the farm.

I love this place, I love that everything is fresh and it always tastes great!

Prices are very reasonable for the quality of food you are getting.
We just ate breakfast here, and it was great.  It *is* Phoenix, and it *is* outdoor dining, so bear that in mind.  I ordered the Monte Cristo French Toast and holy crap was it good!  haha  Seriously, it was really, really good. The coffee was good, and the fresh orange juice was even better.  My wife had a omelette special of the day, and it was decent (according to her). 

The most frustrating part of the meal were the flies, and to be honest, I'm not sure what all steps you can take to get rid of them outside. It didn't make the food any less tasty, and some odd part of me felt like all that waving around might have helped burn off some of those calories. 

The server was very nice, and was honest about things she had tried or had not tried. For example, they had a new "Brisket Hash" on the breakfast menu, but since the menu had come out the day before, she hadn't really gotten to try it yet.  Good place.  I'll definitely be back. And if it weren't for those flies, I would have given it a 5 star rating.
Over priced sandwiches!!!
Tasteless Flank Steak Sandwich (nothing else) and a bottled coke $16
Surrounding area with picnic tables was nice though.
If you've been looking for the best kept secret in Phoenix, this isn't really you're place, cause it's not that much of a secret anymore. If you're looking for an urban escape into the farming community of Phoenix past, then be sure to stop in for a visit.  I've always heard good things about Morning Glory café here at the farm at south mountain for brunch on the weekends, we had a visitor in town, wanted food, was looking for an experience we've never had, one plus one equals two, so we ended up at the farm!

I'm so glad we chose to dine at morning glory, the entire place is super cool. Lined in an old pecan grove, there are a handful of shops to check out, some artist studios, two or three places to eat, and the grounds are a great place to take in also. This was the perfect stop for brunch before we headed up to the top of south mountain to check out the views. For anyone in the market, this is also a wedding venue, it's a venue like none other in Phoenix - if you're looking for that. :-)

Happy Yelping Phoenix, be sure to put this on your bucket list for Phoenix if you haven't been yet!
This place is great. A gem inside the city.

My sister took us here as she knew we'd never had a dining experience like this, and it was pretty enjoyable.  Lots of picture-taking settings.

Food is worth the price.  It's straight from the farm, mind you. How many places can say that?  When you have regular places in Chicago that sell sammies at $12-20 a pop, you will value what you get from the Farm.  I had their special that day - a herb roasted chicken sandwich along with some tasty tomato bisque.  Everything tasted very fresh.

Huge area of picnic tables to sit and watch or bring a blanket and sit on the grass.  There is so much to explore with different boutiques, cafes, and shops all over the the lot.  Hope to come back for brunch or breakfast someday.
Not that great! For the prices I expected much better food. Lacked that special something and pretty small portions. Outdoor breakfast seating was beautiful and staff was sweet. Just left me desiring more....
Wonderful place to dine al fresco. Freshest food.
Always come here for lunch except in the summer when they are closed. I mean, at over 100 degrees F, it gets hot on a farm! You can always find fresh food at the Farm Kitchen and its a great atmosphere for lunch. Does not feel like you are in Phoenix! There is a cute sitting area outside the kitchen and a bunch of picnic tables throughout the grounds. Tons of greenery and beautiful landscape you don't normally see in the Phoenix area. It is great to come over here on a weekend with a blanket and have a picnic out on the grass. If you need to relax and rewind, I highly recommended checking this place out - you won't regret it!

Sandwiches are great (Chicken BLTDA) and so are salads, they are pre-made and sit on ice at the Kitchen. Morning Glory has great reviews for breakfast/lunch and I have yet to make it over there. And as of now, I still have Quiessence bookmarked on my list ready to try!
Hello,
And I hope this review does exactly what I intend for it to do. Get the principals of this joke for a restaurant,  who ever they are,  to read it and wake up. Obviously they must be eating the dog food they have been fed by others who rave about this place.

Let's start at the beginning, went for lunch, walked in, saw people at tables so waited to see if an employee would be directing us. NOPE!! nothing of the sorts, walked up to an outdoor menu over a entrance, again what do I do next? People inside look at you but don't ask to help you. We had our dog with us, so I asked my girlfriend to go in and see what she can find out. She walked to the counter and again no one would help. Can I order? Then a person replied and pointed "you start down there" Okay great, were getting somewhere. She placed an order for a salad (pre-made crushed into a small container) a chicken salad sandwich and a lemonade. she came out and handed me the salad and drinks and said ' let's find a table, I have to go over to another area to wait for the sandwich" 

 I sat down at a table with our dog outdoors next to  32nd street (This is a farm?) and she went to get the sandwich.  OH the daymare has just started. After about 20 minutes, she sent me a text and said," I haven't left you, still waiting" This is Chicken Salad People!!! slap it on the bread add some lettuce and tomatoes and it's ready to go. Here's where it gets really good, several people who arrived after us are getting their food from the mystery window by the red umbrella. My girlfriend has now been standing there 30 minutes waiting, she taps on the window and asks " is there a problem with the chicken salad."  "I'll check"  the window closes and 10 minutes later the window opens revealing the sandwich.  Now I would say this is possibly a one off scenario except right before she received our sandwich another person who had been waiting said he was on 37 minutes, and then another person came up while she was receiving her sandwich and said "how long does it take to get a tuna sandwich" he had been waiting 30 minutes.

We eat what I would say is ordinary fresh food, nothing to write home about, and because I found the concept of standing and waiting 40 minutes to get an average sandwich so ridiculous, I stopped back in to express myself and politely said  "This is our first time here and your service was awful and we will never return"

Their response, exactly like the whole experience started. NOTHING.

And although we typically know what items cost before we eat anywhere, so initially the price seemed okay but this place is definitely OVERPRICED.
Great atmosphere if you enjoy eating outdoors. I'll ditto what other reviewers have said regarding the cost of the food...it's pricey. We've been here for breakfast and lunch and enjoyed it both times however average cost for a sandwich, drink and chips is $20.
I cannot believe it has taken me 19 years of living in Phoenix to get out to The Farm. The breakfast at Morning Glory Cafe is unbeatable, truly. My omelette with fresh veggies and crispy potatoes were so flavorful, but that little buttermilk biscuit was dynamite. Nice homemade jam to go with it too. My mom had the waffle and it was so fluffy, crispy on the outside, and some plump juicy fresh fruit on top. I can't wait to go back and try the French toast! Wait staff is friendly and the get-your-own drink station is clever and easy. The ambience is so nice here, and sitting outside with out-of-town guests was a true pleasure. Thanks to you!!!
I'm mortified!  I've never written a review of the Farm at South Mountain?  I'm not sure how this is even possible!

I go here so often that this might actually be my favorite place in Phoenix to go for a relaxing cool/warm Saturday or Sunday afternoon in PHoenix.  In fact, I think I'm headed there momentarily.

Many people write reviews for the various "businesses" at the Farm on South Mountain on the wrong Business/Venue pages.  But I guess this listing is a catch-all for everything.  Let's see if I can help people get this clear.  I really want to point that the Farm at South Mountain has several "businesses" and venues listed on Yelp.  You can go here for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  You can have your baby shower here or your 200+ person wedding and reception here.  You can hold a corporate event in "Stoned Grove" area around an outdoor pizza oven or you can have an intimate dinner under mature trees with glimmers of stars at night at Quiessence.  This place is a one stop shop for everything simple and beautiful in the out of doors.  I've written reviews for a few of the places on the farm and I will let those reviews speak for themselves.  I've posted pics too... 

One of the things that the Yelping community might appreciate knowing is that you should visit their website for special events.  Sometimes, they have special Farm dinners.  Sometimes there's a special holiday dinner or lunch.  For instance, I know for Valentine weekend, they have Valentine Dinners and Picnic lunches.  

Here are my reviews of places on the farm:

Maya's Farm (At the end of the Farm Drive and directly North.)
Organic Certified Farm.  See them at the Farm on Sunday mornings.  Phoenix Public Market on Saturdays and also get on their CSA)-
http://www.yelp.com/biz/mayas-farm-phoenix#hrid:5dPGtdn4SQIClbJ_uIe1zw

Succulentia (it is in the green house on the north side of the farm, back by Maya's garden House)
http://www.yelp.com/biz/succulentia-phoenix#hrid:Z91CIQ4jVqF9RG3HrRe22w

The Farm Kitchen 
(Lunch/Brunch and is the closest to the Picnic Tables.  you see it immediately as you enter the farm, north of  "The Farm Driveway".)
http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-farm-kitchen-phoenix#hrid:7w3mgerwC9Yqd_b1amkDjA/src:self

Morning Glory 
(Breakfast only, but the patio is a nice place to rent for an event.  Go All the way to the end of the Farm Drive and YOu'll find it.)
http://www.yelp.com/biz/morning-glory-cafe-phoenix#hrid:yzI8RxBsNlKndP1HMQ0Q6A


There are a few other businesses on the Farm listed on Yelp
Weddings:
(I am sure there was a wedding listing on Yelp for the FASM because I used to check in to it accidentally when I first started Yelping.  If I find it, I will update)

Quiessence (I haven't written a reveiw of this either.  SMH!!):
http://www.yelp.com/biz/quiessence-restaurant-phoenix

Botanica (Been here once, but no review)
http://www.yelp.com/biz/botanica-phoenix-3

This is a great place to visit after you've completed a Hike on South Mountain too.  Enjoy.  Thank me later.
I don't know whether this is a real farm that is serving home-grown food, or a Potemkin Village masquerading as a farm. The sandwiches were fine, if heavy on the mayo. And how can any self-respecting farm be serving sodas sweetened with artificial flavors and corn syrup in this day and age? A sandwich in a picnic basket doth not maketh Ye Olde Farm.
Fantastic spot, try the smoked brisket hash! The prices are a little high (2.95 for coffee, but free refills) but well worth it if you're looking for a nice bfast/brunch. Get there early, weekends get busy!! Bring your dog!
I recently took a friend who was visiting from Chicago here and he looked around and said, "I thought you guys only had desert and cactus".  Well, that's the usual stereotype but no, we have a lot of farms; you should have seen the look on his face when I pointed out some of the cotton fields in the south and east valley!.

As others have said, this is just a gem of a place. I just can't think of a more peaceful place to enjoy a meal.  My go-to spot is the Morning Glory Cafe. Good coffee, fresh-pressed juice from local citrus and the huevos rancheros are delicious.  After eating I like to walk through the pecan trees and check out the garden plots.

Nice, relaxing spot. Great way to start the day.
Awesome place. Endless possibilities of spots to eat. Fresh farm food. A little pricey, but worth every penny. Very romantic lunch spot, great atmosphere. Will come back!
Wow. I ate the best omlet of my life here. The eggs were so light and fluffy and fresh. The vegetables were crisp and the avocado guac mix inside was to die for. Thank you, Yelp, for guiding me to the ultimate Sunday Funday brunch in Phoenix. I loved that the atmosphere was so casual. You felt like you were in a famiily's back yard (if their back yard was big and beautiful and filled with goodies. I loved that it was dog friendly. What dog wouldn't want to chill on a patio in the fresh air and maybe get a few scraps of bacon. The Bloody Mary was so fresh and had a good kick to it. We also got an order of the Monte Cristo. Woah. Insanely big slice of fluffy french toast w/ syrup, ham and an egg. I want to go back! I am a huge fan!
Really nice place love it it feels like you are far away from downtown
My boyfriend and I decided to try this place during our visit to Phoenix for Spring Training. Wow! Driving into this place you forget that you are in the desert. We arrived a little before 9am on a Sunday and were happy we did because by 9am every table was filled and people were pulling in pretty quickly. 

After we were seated the waitress said the coffee and water was self serve which I thought was pretty convenient. Everything on the menu looked delicious, so I was really torn about what to order. I ended up ordering the farm burrito and I was happy I did. The burrito was filled with scrambled eggs, tepary fried beans, cotija cheese and chorizo wrapped in a flour tortilla, it was fabulous. The burrito came with a side of home fries and just to warn everyone the portions are huge. I ended up only earring half of the burrito. My boyfriend ordered the farm omelette which is a popular item on the menu. Filled with fresh vegetables and a side of home fries let's just say he cleaned his plate. 

The ambience was great and the views were fabulous. As we were leaving we noted that this will definitely be a go to place whenever we come back to Phoenix. Such a gem of a find.
This a great place to go with friends, family or lover. You can enjoy sunshine and organic fresh sandwich and cakes.
This is a fun place to go for breakfast. Love the history on the place and how it became a farm. The food is good and so is the service for a place that is always so busy. Within the same farm they have a lunch restaurant and a dinner restaurant that are on my list to visit.
You can also buy organic vegetables and watch them planting and/or picking the produce.
There are picnic tables and families come to celebrate birthdays or special occasions at this place.
I like this place very much!
The food was fantastic.   The service was excellent.  The wine list was interesting and varied.  Highly recommend this resteraunt
Delicious food, fabulous venue!!
Great little gem!  Stopped for lunch.  I enjoyed the Tuscan sandwich and a lemon bar.  Both were fantastic!!  it was $11ish for the sandwich but the portion was large.  I brought home 1/2 the sandwich.   All fresh ingredients.  All sorts of desserts to sweeten your visit.  

The atmosphere was super relaxed and anyone of any age would find it enjoyable.    There are picnic tables under the trees and tables with umbrellas.  

I have always said that I don't mind spending money one something that is quality and super tasty.
This place gets 5 stars for uniqueness and character. I've been here several times over the years and it's always lovely in the spring and the fall. The food is above average and fresh. Unfortunately, they get a 3 on service. The staff is downright rude and snippy when you ask them questions. Everything is self service and it's as if they don't want to be bothered.  Note to the business manager: please update your listing. It says you close at 4pm on Saturdays, but it's really 3pm.  We saw many people come to the door at 3:15 and they were locked. By 3:20, staff was turning the chairs upside down so we would get the hint. When I mentioned it to a staff member that the closing time on Yelp was incorrect he mumbled "yah, we get that a lot".
Delicious food in a beautiful setting.  We loved walking among the pecan trees, sipping lemonade and looking at the farm animals.  They even have a small produce market.  I had the pecan cinnamon brioche french toast - it was amazing!  The caramel sauce was decadent!  My husband really enjoyed his omelet.
This was our first visit to the Morning Glory. The scenery was beautiful this morning. Very relaxing place to enjoy starting the day. Staff was very friendly. The food was very good and the portions were large. I would deficiently go back.
I had an old groupon that was sitting there waiting to be used.  I wanted something new to do for a birthday lunch but did not want to go to the normal lunches.  I also wanted somewhere i could take a dog with me to enjoy the amazing weather in Arizona.  
There is not much parking outside the front of the restaurant but they have an entire parking lot across the street.  From the second that you walk onto the property to the second that you leave you so not even feel like you are in Arizona.  
They have a very select menu but let me say everything sounds amazing and even better everything that we order was outstanding.  I could not have asked for a better afternoon to spend with a friend.  We were able to sit at some picnic benches that were out under old pecan trees.
The only thing that could be worked on is the attitude of the associates.  They were not as happy and energetic that they could have been.  Other than that this is a great place and cant wait to enjoy the amazing and fresh food of this restaurant again.
The Morning Glory Cafe is absolutely gorgeous.  The food portions filled me up halfway through.
Good food, they soften the butter for you ; -)
Self serve water coffee, ice tea . You sit outside but it's shaded.
Ahh yes, The Farm Kitchen at The Farm At South Mountain. I had it bookmarked to try for over a year. Finally got around to doing just that on Sat, May 3rd, 2014. I guess it was a bad omen when the BBQ place I wanted to take friends was already sold out and had been before noon that day.

While they may serve good ingredients they sure do charge a premium for them. I spent just short of $22 (yep, half sandwich, cup of soup, drink and a small dessert, $22) for lunch and that was no tip included.

Why no tip you ask? Well other then having to make the sandwich I ordered and pour the soup into the cup you have to do everything yourself including clean up after yourself. TIPS really means: To Insure Prompt Service. There is no service here. Plus they gave me the wrong sandwich. So they got 50% of my order wrong.

$22 for a self service lunch with baskets and plasticware. The sandwich was good and the soup just ok. This should have been at the very most, $10 to $12. I guess you have to pay for the ambiance of dining outside. Hey, it didn't cost them a dime to erect a building, insure it, air condition it, etc. All of the other expenses which might drive the cost up to $22.

And honestly while it was nice to dine on a rickety old splinter infested wobbly picnic table under a tree, it wasn't like it was a nicely manicured golf course like lawn. I'm not sure why all you people are so WOW about this place. I'm never going back.
First time at Farm at South Mountain. What a hidden gem!  Beautiful gardens, shops, restaurants and mini-community. 

Our table (all the tables) was set on a shaded patio with gorgeous views of the naturally-landscaped gardens. My wife ordered the American Breakfast, while I had the Morning Glory Spinach Benedict.  The drinks were self serve. 

Our meal arrived in five minutes. She got two eggs, sausage, skillet potatoes and a buttermilk biscuit. The eggs were cooked perfectly, along with the crisp/soft potatoes. My plate had toasted muffins, cooked spinach, loads of farm ham, poached eggs with loads of hollandaise, plus the same yummy potatoes. 

The meal was excellent. A little pricey ($33 for the two meals and two drinks, plus tip) but absolutely worth it. The service was outstanding and the view: all five stars. 

This was one of the best breakfasts I've had in my LIFE, considering the whole package. 

Get here!  They close for summer.
This place is a hidden treasure.  3 different restaurants on the same grounds, all hidden away from the rest of South Phoenix.    Good food, good service, outdoor seating, beautiful grounds to stroll around on, plenty of parking, a cute little vegetable garden, a country store and much more.
This place is really cute and relaxing. I really like the concept of the outdoor sitting and the open area. The sandwiches were good. The only thing was the price for everything. The price for a sandwich was a bit much. My husband and I both had a sandwich and soup and it was over 30 dollars. Also we ordered the potato soup and it had no flavor. I will give it another try for breakfast.
It's hard to find a good, fresh place to eat, but this place is it. It's definitely a go for vegetarians and meat eaters alike but who are also concerned about ingredients. The environment is cool, but if I was reviewing based on comfort, I would take 2 stars off. I have a problem sometimes eating outdoors due to my bird phobia, and unfortunately this place is infested with birds . Just wished they had more indoor dining. But the  food is great, I just have my wife order for me, and I take home. Problem solved
A different world all together.  A cleverly operated dinning experience.  Unexpected    good quality breakfast amist a peaceful farm land location.
Great, great, great! Relaxing, classy, excellent food. I had no idea such a place existed in Phoenix. A real gem!
The Farm knows how to do breakfast right. This place has fantastic food that tastes fresh. I would highly recommend it. Only out door seating though for the breakfast part.
Favorite place to go in Phoenix! Great atmosphere and food with quality products and service...from farm to table.  Morning Glory is our favorite, but you can't go wrong with any of their restaurants.  Quiessence is amazing, but pricey so we only go on special occasions. Recommended to all!
Mobile Tip - Hope they hire an organized valet company next mother's day. 

Review - Now I've been to The Farm before, having eaten at Morning Glory with girlfriends on a saturday morning a while back.  It was a lovely experience (from the environment to the service - having asked for my "any style" eggs to be hard boiled.  They didnt bat an eye at the request.) and I wanted to come back for Mother's Day with my family.   

Mother's Day - It's crowded.  I mean like WAY over 1+ hour wait for MG, crowded.  But that's understandable.  It was Mother's Day afterall.  If you want to come here for an event like the Mother's Day Brunch, reservations ARE required.  If you miss out on reservations for brunch, and decide to go to MG, go early!  

We decided to skip MG and were going to eat at The Farm Kitchen, but we ended up having to leave because Little C ended up having a major asthma attack.  We had used the valet service for parking, which offering valet on a busy day like Mother's Day is great.  BUT only if the service is organized.  We hustle back to the valet stand and I had over the ticket.  I look at the valet stand and there are key piled up everywhere.  No organization whatsoever.  They're digging for my keys, meanwhile Little C has just puked all over me for a 3rd time.  2 minutes go by and J and I ask them a couple times if they could please hurry and find our keys.  They find our keys and one kid runs off.  Next thing I know, the head guy (I'm guessing he was the guy in charge over valet), turns to us and says in a snarky manner..."I'm SORRY your child is having issues."  

Umm...excuse me?!  

Thank gawd they found the keys and got our vehicle up in a flash or else I would have had to not only call 911 for Little C's breathing, but for my putting my foot up that guys ass.   

I think if we decide to come back, (which I'd like to go back because the atmosphere, service, and food at MG was great) we will self park across the street.
This place is great for fish and chips. They have beer battered halibut in addition to the standard cod. This is what I usually order since I enjoy it so much, especially since it is almost impossible to find anyone who uses halibut for fish & chips. The other items on the menu are decent enough, we have never had a bad meal here. 
I wanted to give it a higher rating but they recently changed the menu up a bit, instead of raising their prices, they made the portions smaller for the same price. This bugs me. You used to get 3 large pieces of fish for $12.99, now you get 2 medium sized pieces. 
Service is ok, have had better but have had worse.
This place is great!   I've never had a bad meal here.  The clam chowder is some of the best that I've ever had.  Tonight I had the crab legs.  My husband had lemon dill crusted orange roughy.  It was one of the best fish dishes that I have ever tried.
This used to be the best, a little pricey, but delicious when they were located by Fiesta Mall.  But, now it's just overpriced small portions which are still very good tasting.  You pretty much need to order 2 fish and chip dinners to get 1 good meal which makes the price absolutely ridiculous.  Another great classic food joint that moved into an expensive lease and now can't remember what made them successful.  Too bad.
Have been going to this AH-SO for year's way before it got popular, you have to go in at the right time now if you don't like to wait. I like this one better than the one on 75th ave food wise it is better. I will write another review on that location for more detail's.The staff is alway's friendly although I can't say that for the waitress last night she didn't seem that interested in keeping us happy despite the $180 that was spent. My friend tipped her $25 he is very generous, if she would have paid more attention it probably would have been $50 but I digress...on to the food!! 

I go mainly for the sushi, it is excellent! I am extremely  picky and like Ikura (Salmon Roe) it is alway's delicous and fresh here which is very rare around here. The specialty dish called Lobster Dynamite is to die for if you can afford it at $20, it's a must! The tuna titaki is oh so very melt in your mouth good and the green mussel's are also a fav of mine, perfect every time! For drinks I like their specialty Samaurai for a fruity but not too sweet drink umbrealla and all. The plum wine is very good there too if you dont want the traditional beer & sake.

We went teppanyaki last night I had the Calamari Steak dinner, my partner's in crime had the Chef Special (lobster and filet) he alway's has this fer teppanyaki, and the other had AH-SO special (shrimp/steak combo) all dinners come with soup/salad/fried rice/veggies I like the soup here it's not too salty like some miso's are and I always eat my salad too, the dressing is yummy. Plenty of food we can never eat it all and need a box. Teppanyaki is a fav for b-day's they sing and beat the drum while they bring you a tasty fruit boat. They also take your pic and you can put it up on their wall or take it with you

The staff is very friendly there. There is a huge pond fountain thing complete with koi and tiny trurtle in the center that seperates the teppanyaki tables from the dinner tables and sushi bar so you have your 3 choices. I have a 5 yr old and she love's the water feature, they even let her feed the koi at times. All in all you can't go wrong here with the food!!
This place is Ah-So good and tons of fun. I think it's a little more expensive than it should be but I still go every few months or so. Great sushi and good food.
This place has horrible service, I'm not sure if they are racist to their own race or what their problem is. They gave us miso soup without spoons, which is fine because some places do that, but when I asked for spoons they said, "that's how to drink miso, without spoons." I don't know what else to say really, a restaurant can't even give me spoons because I asked for some? And when she told me this, she had this attitude like I am crazy because I asked for something outrageous or something. Ridiculous I tell you, I've never been back and never will. The sushi was decent, but by that time I was too irritated to care.
FANTASTIC Teppan Steak and Sushi.

There isn't much more that I can say that others haven't. This place is clean and friendly, good atmosphere, the prices are...well...sushi prices.

The Teppan table is a show in itself, the steak and calamari are both outstanding, but the sushi bar is wonderful as well.

Order yourself a sake bomber and a Tempura roll--best sushi roll on any menu I have ever had. It is essentially a Philly roll that has been tempura battered and flash fried, then drizzled with a sweet soy sauce. The thing is practically a dessert, you must try it.
I have tried many sushi bars in Phoenix but as far as the quality, this location is the best I've had. I was at their location on 75th ave and have to say, the service there was much worse than this location. I took one star away because this place is kind of a dive and needs a facelift...however, that does not reflect the quality of their food. The staff is friendly and attentive. I saw a few negative reviews regarding the service. I wonder if maybe they were short staffed that day or if those people were too demanding. I've never had an issue with service here. I really wish that there were more of a variety of rolls. What they have is pretty traditional. The cucumber eel roll is probably my favorite here. There are a couple more sushi restaurants I haven't tried out yet but so far this is the best.
Came here on a Tuesday night recently and I was quite impressed.  The sushi was great and enjoyed the ambiance with the waterfall in the middle of the restaurant.  I'd give this place 5 stars only if they updated the place a little.  

Overall I'd say check this place out and give it a shot.  Next time I will do the teppanyaki and see if that lets me overlook the outdated decor to push this place to 5 stars.
After initially trying their location on 75th Ave., my family and I came to this location near 59th and Bell. It is a small location with 4 teppanyaki grills, approximately 5 tables, and a sushi bar. 

There is a large fountain running in the middle of this restaurant and if they ever decide to expand, they may want to get rid of it. However, it was a nice feature that entertained my 4-year-old niece throughout dinner. Even though the decor is not modern and inviting, the place is clean and decent in appearance.

If you plan on dining here during peak times, I encourage you to plan ahead and make reservations. It fills up quickly and they do not have much of a waiting area (most people were sitting outside on the benches and it was very cold). 

The food was delicious and the service was very attentive. They serve miso soup for all dinners, even for sushi orders. I enjoyed every bite of each sushi piece. It tasted well rolled and fresh. My mom doesn't care for sushi at all, but really enjoyed the teppanyaki chicken. For all three of us and one beverage, it ended up being approximately $60.
While I wanted to try some place new this time out I had to compromise. The Happy Valley location was brought up and I begged and pleaded to come to this location instead I am really glad we ended up back here again. There was 5 of us including my daughter and niece that cant sit still for 5 minutes. We sat down for Teppanyaki and started everything off with sushi. I still highly recommend the Samurai drink its made nice and strong just how I like it! So this place is now owned by one of the chefs and his gorgeous wife. I cant remember their names I'm really bad at that after some alcohol. I can however remember food and I had THE best roll EVER!!! It was a chefs special and it was the RED roll sooo frign good. Spicey and not sure if I'll have any other roll again. It was gorgeous see pics. I will not go to another Ah-So location this is it the best folks! It may not be huge like the one on Happy Valley but it will leave a great taste in your mouth!!

My niece of 8 yrs loved it by the way she had never been!
I have eaten here twice and both times the rice and chicken were fantastic. The cooking performance was entertaining both times I was here. I cannot give it a five because of the charge incurred for splitting a plate.
Love it.  Went with my baby boy aged 12 mo. and husband.  Wonderful welcome.  Great sashimi.    Friendly owner and lovely wife.  Will go back again and again.
The sushi here is actually pretty good but in the two times dining in, the service was very slow and the orders were wrong. As for carryout, don't bother. I have ordered 5 carryout orders and all were either wrong or not even submitted to the kitchen when I arrived 30 min later. This is one of the only sushi places in the area but I drive to Sakana instead due to the poor service here. Bummer when the food is pretty good.
I went with my only friend who will get sushi with me (the rest of my friends are wusses).  We had actually wanted to go to Fresh Wasabi, but they were closed for some reason.  So we went to Ah-So and I'm so glad we did.  If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.

I've had good sushi before.  But this stuff was legen- wait for it- dary.  We went three times now, and I've not had one single item that hasn't been extraordinary.

Unfortunately, I didn't get a menu, and I'm having a hard time remembering exactly what we've ordered.  I remember the Booty Booty roll, the dynamite roll, a tempura roll with cream cheese and salmon, and a second climax roll.  Something else with jalapeno that was wonderful.

We asked the very nice waitress for suggestions and she did not disappoint.  The presentation was just beautiful.  I'm so glad to find a great sushi place on the west side of town!
This is the original ah so and this should be the only one cause the others dont compare. Everyone here is so nice almost to nice if thats possible. I have been going here for years and I have been here three times in the last month. I always sit at the teppan table and get filet and shrimp and order a sushi roll. Everytime I go I create my own roll and just tell them what I want in it and they always make it just the way I was seeing it or even better. The miso soup here has beef broth in it. Its so good. It seems like most places are just chicken stock miso. All the teppan chefs are great and do all the teppan table tricks as usual like the volcano onion and flick a shrimp in your mouth with there spachula. They have $5 saki bombers for happy hour and always have some kind of special going on like special sushi rolls and entrees. They have a pound in the middle of the dinning area with small koi fish in it. I have never had a bad meal here ever.
This place is awesome! It's the original location and so friendly! The waitress, hostess and chef all quickly made friends with us and checked in often to make sure all was great. We went for a birthday dinner and their birthday song/ceremony was pretty sweet (with drums, singing and a tasty birthday platter). Upon leaving the hostess remembered our customizations, asked how they were and even sent us off with handshakes and hugs. Such a great place (did I say that already?). It's kind of a small place but the ambience is great and the food was really good. Cadie (our 3 year old) had so much fun watching the chef and almost caught one of those flying pieces of chicken in her mouth. I had sashimi (even though everyone else had the chef prepared-in-front-of-you meal) and everything was super good. We will definitely be back as soon as possible. It's so nice to make friends with the crew so quickly. I can't wait to return! :)
This is the original.  Do not be fooled by other imitation chain Ah So's.   Quality food with staff that remembers you from previous visits.  We have been going here for over 10 years and are still big fans.
Cool place to hang out with a group of friends and enjoy sushi and a SUPERB price.  The rolls were big and only $3, I wish this place was closer to my side of town because I'd be there every weekend.  The waitress was so friendly and down to earth, I cant emphasize enough how great the food was and the price of everything made it THAT much better!  

I'd go again!
Went to Ah-So last night for the first time. Took advice from other reviewers and drove right past the location on Happy Valley and proceeded to this one. What a wonderful experience it was! Good service, the owner and his wife welcomed us personally... and the food was great. I had the Filet, Shrimp and Chicken Teppanyaki combo; my dining partner had the lobster, scallop and shrimp combo. The young grill master (Terry) was funny and quite adept with the tools of the trade. The filet was my favorite - it was like buttah. Just melted in your mouth. The scallops were cooked perfectly. It was a mountain of food and now we have dinner for tonight. Just one thing could have been better - we waited for our second hot sake order. But Terry saved the day and ran over to the bar himself and filled the order. Over and Above... We are looking forward to returning to this little jewel!
Still loving this place!  The hostess always greets us with welcoming smiles and remembers us - every time.  The owner always comes around to say hello to the customers and are always engaging in smiles and welcoming.

The fish and turtle pond is so neat.  My boy loves to look inside and so do all of the other little kids there.  All staff is warm and friendly with the children.  We usually go there just for sushi, but we see lots of customers having fun with teppanyaki.  

The sashimi platters are amazing as well as the special rolls.  We are always impressed with the portions and freshness of the sashimi.  LOVE the happy hour.  

Everything is just always 5 star.  Will go back again and again.
We have been going to ah-so for years. We have always liked it but it is even better with the new owners. The owners are very hands on. The remodel makes it feel more spacious. Sushi is fresh and everything I have tried on the menu has been fantastic. Not one bad thing to say about this place. Oh, the filet is the best in town.
Took my Fiancé here as she loves sushi -- I don't enjoy it, but you have to bend sometimes. I didn't eat the sushi, but let's just say she left a third of the plate there. I ordered chicken and shrimp w/ white rice and vegetables. I didn't know five ounces of oil came with my food -- I ended up using the rice to soak the oil from the food. My Fiancé and I are having real stomach discomfort and haven't felt well since about two hours after we ate... I think it was the oil for me, but her issues are worse then mine and it's been a rough evening for her. Beware-- if you eat oil by the spoonful you'll be good... just hope my Fiancé feels better.
Bomb Japanese food ever!!! Pocholo has been always great to my friends familly and I. He is always professional at what he does. customer service is great, food is great, and the place all around is the best place that i have ever been to. I highly recomend ah so and if you do go there talk to Pocholo.
Horrible service!!! Had to get up to get my own water refill, wasabi, & ginger. Management was watching the Laker's game the whole time we were eating dinner. Our waiter disappered for 40 minutes. When we asked the bus boy for more water he refused to get it. I waited 40 minutes for my 6 pieces of sashmi. 
Overall management is out to lunch. Servers are rude and easily annoyed. 
The only positive was Chris behind the sushi bar. I hopes he moves onto a better establishment where he will earn more money!! 
Do NOT go here!!!
FOOD POISONING. 

I have been here numerous times and the service has always been great but the food, especially the sushi is always dissappointing. 

I went here recently with my friends and two of them were sharing sushi and both ended up with horrible food poisoning and were out of commission for two days. 

I would NEVER eat at this place if I were you.
My fam and I love this Ah-so THE BEsT, out of all of them. It is small and inviting. We like the sushi here better than other locations and the food seems to be better here, too. mmmm, mmmmm, mmmm... craving it now.
I could literally eat here every day! I've never had a bad meal or bad service here...nuff said!
By far this is the best sushi ever! The service is also great. We drive all the way from central Phoenix  there just to enjoy some quality food. Last night we sat where they serve teppanyaki and our chef cooked our food to perfection and offered us a great show as well. Don't forget to tip your chef if you sit where they cook teppanyaki. Our friend had his birthday and we asked for the birthday dessert. That song was the real deal! Highly recommend this place.
So I show up with some friends at 9:48 fully expecting to not be served, considering they close at 10. Not only did they seat us and serve us, they were friendly, the food was amazing, and they honored a coupon that we didn't even have printed out. Great Sushi, Great Service, and the lady who works there is really pretty.
Fast, friendly service.
Awesome sushi.
Not too shabby price.
I really enjoyed my dinner at Ah-So. Sushi is definitely an acquired taste for me and I'm frankly still in the process of fully acquiring it. So while I happy to try something outside my usual culinary experiences, I was thrilled to learn that they also offered Tepanyaki-style cooking (I REFUSE to go to Benihana!!!)

To get the best of both worlds, we had sushi as an appetizer which I found quite enjoyable. The highlight of my meal however was Tepanyaki with filet mignon and scallops. The scallops were delicious-some of the best I've had and the filet was grilled to medium rare tenderness just like I like it.  The chef put on an amazing show grilled everything before our eyes.

It was a great night and at $28 for the Tepanyaki, it was a great deal considering the quality and quantity of food.

I will definitely be back!
One of my new favorite places in Phoenix. All the Ah-So's are a chain but they do not all offer the same food choices. I really enjoyed a California roll, the tepanyaki show, and left overs. Delicious miso soup, salad, fried rice, veggies, chicken, steak, and shrimp. The sauces for each were also pretty good. I even had enough food left over for 1.5 more meals. Awesome sushi happy hour prices as well (as low as $2). I really enjoyed the beautiful waterfall separating the two aspects of the restaurant. Hope to come back soon!
CHEAP Tepanyaki lunch.  My kids were thrilled by the show.  They could not do it gluten free except in the kitchen.  Would not be good for a vegetarian that doesn't want the food to mix on the table.  Would go again.  The place was almost empty though?!
They don't honor coupons from "Coupon Clipper" app.  They require the coupon to be printed. Not cool. I won't be back.
Excellent!  Great food and outstanding service!  Thank you yelpers, I didn't even know it existed!
The Teppanyaki is fantastic and how can you go wrong with Saki Bombers!!
Mmmm, so dericious! they are always so nice, quick & our dinner is always fast. Happy hour is amazing & affordable!
My son loved the sushi the portions are huge !!!
Traveling on business, we decided to try his place.  Service was very good as was the meal.  Had the steak, chicken and shrimp with fried rice.  The meal was prepared and cooked perfectly and the portion size was excellent.  Would definitely go back.
We had a late lunch here the day after Christmas. Staff was very friendly and service was great. Sushi was fresh and large portions. If I ever return to the Phoenix area I'll be there again.
The owners are very rude.. food is OK..not the best
Went there for my daughters birthday and she loved it. We finished our meal tipped the cook at our table paid and was outside talking when the waitress came out and complained we didn't tip her enough cause half her tip goes to the cook. Are you kidding me how is that my problem. And when was it ok to follow customers outside and ask for more money. I was so pissed and shocked that I will never go back to that place again.
Very good. Sushi was awesome. Portions are big. Pretty clean and friendly. Good sushi roll selection. Half bar/ Half Benny Hana style restaurant.  Ahhhh-sooooo!  Wudjew call me?
I was not a fan of their food.  Overpriced for the quality, which was so-so. We got the garlic edamame and sushi rolls.  The sushi was not impressive.  The alcoholic beverages were also so-so, I even ordered liquor in my drink that was not house.  I would recommend finding another place if you are a sushi lover, it may be better for people who want non-sushi.
Mediocre at best. Felt as though staff rushed us.  Didn't even complete our meal. Rolls were loose and fell apart before we could get them to our mouths. We've had sushi in the best and also most unlikely places and had better. Will not return.
The food was fresh and delicious.  Much needed sushi fix.  Pleasant, unrushed lunch.
We've been looking for a teppanyaki place in our neck of the woods but were a little leery of this place from the old "drive by" since it's in a strip mall in an older building.  This was nonsense however, because inside the place ended up being pretty interesting and delightful.  Sure, it's an older building but the place seemed really clean, the bathrooms were well kept and here's the BONUS - they got the long fountain / fish pond working and filled with fish (and turtles!).  It's quite unique - check out the pics here on yelp.

We came for teppanyaki and were seated right away and only had to wait a few minutes for the other half of the grill table to fill up.  My husband opted for sushi instead and ordered a rainbow roll.  He said it was good, not the best he'd had, but that it was pretty sizeable and filled him up.

My daughter and I had teppanyaki - she ordered shrimp and I had steak & lobster - yum!  (c'mon this was a Mother's Day celebration...)  The chef was really young but he was quite funny and obviously talented.  He was flipping rice clumps into our mouths (I caught it - yay!) lighting onion volcanoes, tossing prank eggs at us (empty shells) and making Nemo jokes - my daughter loved it!  He cooked everything really well and made the evening so special.  

They sang for about 4 birthdays while we were there, they were enthusiastic and the birthday havers seemed really ecstatic - they brought some special fruit plate type of desert thing out.

The ice tea wasn't so good but the turtles made up for that - let's hear it for turtles!
Five stars is not something that happens often. However we had a great date night here. Sitting at the teppanaki table we got jokes, showmanship, and amazing food. Real deal. Delicious fresh food and wonderful chef.
Love this place.. Most of the chefs are really entertaining and they cook the food really well. We usually get the chicken and shrimp and also the filet and shrimp... It's always been really good. The owner also usually comes by to make sure the food is good as well and to thank us for coming.
I do keep coming back here...can't call it 5 stars but it's definitely a good place.  Rolls are a (very) healthy size...sometimes a bit too big but hey I'm not complaining.
I'd say I'm a big fan of the spicy tuna roll here (with the shrimp tempura too).  They have a lot of fun choices on their menu so that's definitely a plus.  If only they lowered their prices on the tepanyaki, i'd consider going for that.  Nonetheless, great happy hour that they've got, especially with that spicy tuna roll. Oh, and the guy who makes the sushi is awesome.  He actually listened to me when i said "A LOT of extra ginger" and brought me an entire plate...let's just say I was a happy camper because just about all the other sushi restaurants keep bringing puny little portions and charging extra....so definitely extra bonus points to that guy!
Took a friend here 'cuz she really wanted teppanyaki for her birthday, and the online reviews said this was the best place.  All three of us were very happy and satisfied.  One of or party is vegetarian, and ordered the Mango Roll and Vegetable Tempura, and also received some of the fried rice (and the chef's showmanship) anyway.  Our birthday lady ordered the Filet Mignon and Lobster, and I ordered the Steak and Shrimp.  From the Miso soup, salad, and through the entrees, we loved the flavors and the attention to preparation.  Portions were very generous, and two of us took home leftovers (yum!).  Highly recommend this little restaurant that looks rather humble in its strip mall location (behind the Black Bear Diner, 61st Ave and Bell Rd), and whose inside experience is wonderful.
Just ate here last night with my hubby and little sister! 

Me and hubby had the filet and shrimp and as a table we shared a roll of sushi and a squid salad. My little sister ordered Mango shrimp. 

We loved our dishes, the steak is so tender, it really melts in your mouth! 

My sister had a bad experience with her mango shrimp, she did not like the taste of it, as it was a unique flavor, but the staff there was amazing! The chef offered to remake her something else, but at that point we were already there for awhile and she was tired. He called over what I assume was the manager? She asked personally if we wanted anything remade and was very nice and professional about it! 

I normally do not write reviews, but thought this deserved it because of the way we were treated and it really is refreshing when so many places have lost the concept of customer service. They went above and beyond to make sure everything was ok! 

The location looks small from the outside, but give it a try, the food is excellent and the service is even better . 

5 stars for sure !
Love Ahso!!! Favorite place to go. Happy hour at 9;00 has best prices for fabulous food. I don't eat rice so I had them replace with soy paper and it was delicious... Awesome food and service. Great for little get togetherness with friends or date. They have a DJ on Saturday nights. No dancing but good atmosphere.
This is our absolute fav place to go to! Great service! Great food! Great sushi by far!! We really love this place!!
This specific location is my favorite place to eat.  The food is outstanding and the owner has never failed to greet our table.  For the record I do have a horrible addiction to sushi and they do not disappoint.  The newer locations are good but I prefer the "hole in the wall/ma and pa" places and this location just feels more authentic to me.  We have been having my birthday dinners here for the last 17 years and that tradition will continue!
This was great place to go.  My suggested it and it was awesome.. They sat us in the back and it was a bit chilly but the staff was warm and inviting and fast... Drinks were out within minutes... they asked if it was ok if another couple sat with us... That was nice to have to the option... and yes the more the merrier... 

We had the steak, scallops and chicken.. All cooked to perfection after watching  fresh fried rice be made in front of our eyes... It rocked... Lots of zucchini, mushrooms, broccoli and other veggies... I did wish to have a taste of green pepper however I do understand the economics of that veggie...

the broth was excellent as an appetizer and so were the eggrolls... 

I would recommend anyone near Glendale to try it, the humourous chef was worth it....
Amazing sushi. My family (extended included) have been coming here for years and it's never disappointed. The School Bus roll and the Vegas roll are our favorites. The teppanyaki is always delicious as well. The atmosphere is so fun and is great for casual dining or for a special event. The staff is always very friendly and seem to remember us. Always a great time and always leave satisfied.
We're always looking for a new teppanyaki place, this unfortunately isn't one we will be dying to go back to again. 
First off the hostesses, managers, servers were all phenomenal, from the second we walked in we were impressed with how inviting and kind everyone was. We were off to a great start. 
Where they really dropped the ball was the teppanyaki chef, while the food was good. His presentation was lacking. We brought our 9 year old niece to experience teppanyaki for the first time and she was bored. He did the volcano with the onions and flipped the eggs into his hat but that was the extent of it. 
The whole reason to go to a teppanyaki grill is for the experience, to be wowed and we weren't.
There aren't many good sushi places in glendale, az, but there sure a lot of sushi places within almost every other block around bell rd. 

Went here with a friend for lunch. It was completely empty. We were the only one's there. We ordered a roll, but the sushi quality wasn't that amazing. The fish wasn't at the right temperature and had too much sauce on there. It was just mediocre. 

The highlight of our lunch was that they have turtles in this fake stone pond. I saw something from my periphery and i pointed, my friend turned around and literally screamed, jumped out of her seat. I laughed so hard. The turtle came out of the water and was walking towards my friend by her seat, on top of the rock. The turtle was about 1 ft away from her. 

Tame your turtles! or you'll SCARE away your customers! lol
The service is okay not very friendly but not   necessarily rude. My first visit the sushi was excellent but my second visit it just tasted okay. Im not sure what they did different i order the same exact thing maybe it was just a different chef or maybe the food wasnt as fresh. Either way I most likely will be returning. The happy hour prices are amazing!
I feel like maybe it was just me last time I ate here. I went today and it was great! The atmosphere is okay along with the service! But you cant beat the happy hour prices.
Great place for a date... The steak is amazing! !  Shrimp dishes are cooked to perfection. .. they have great deals on sushi during happy hour after 8:pm... I keep going back.
Absolutely fantastic. Reminded me of a hibachi place in New York we used to go to very often, apparently it's called teppanyaki out here. Chefs are friendly and fun, everything comes out cooked perfectly, always juicy and delicious and well seasoned. Their ginger sauce is excellent as well. Only issue is the soda tastes flat, but come before 6 and take advantage of happy hour specials. $5 sake bombs, and not just a single. Enough for about 4 bombs worth, with leftover beer (they give you the larger bottles).
Sushi was really delicious and the special rolls came out to around $10 at lunch.

The sushi chef could work a little on the packing and cutting of the sushi. The individual rolls were too large and hard to hold. 

However, everything tasted amazing and the ingredients were fresh. Service was solid. I did see the sushi chef a piece of garbage behind the sushi counter when no one was looking- thought it was a bit unprofessional.
Well if there was zero I would give that as my rating. Just had an 8:30 reservation and showed up and they told us it would be a 20 minute wait. What is the point of a reservation?
Ah-so was just so.  We enjoyed our lunch and it was nice to sit next to the little pond.  But next time, for money, I'd pop down the street to Sushi Catcher.  The fish is fresher and they have fresh wasabi.
Visited on a Saturday night. 
Kind of a dive, but I say that because it is older and it shows. If you like fu fu up-scale teppanyaki, go somewhere else.
If you like great,  food, drink and service go to this location.
Of the five of us there we had the filet combos with scallops, chicken and shrimp. 
Everything was excellent. 
The service was amazing. She filled our non-alcoholic beverages before we even noticed they needed filled. Our adult beverages were delivered quickly after ordering. She was very busy, but I never felt neglected. 
I have been another location with the same name, but not same owners. I did not know that when I made reservations and only picked this one to come to because it had more and better Yelp reviews (Thanks everyone!). Our chef was named Cheko(?) and made sure we had a great show and awesome food. 
I have one complaint...
They brought extra shrimp to the table (I think...extra) and he cooked and tossed them to the other diners who ordered the the combo without shrimp.
When it comes to food, DO NO share my portions with someone else. Even if they are extra, that is NOT my perception. Either knock it the %#$@ off or give me a scallop that I did not order to even it out. LOL ;-)

However, my buddy made the same comment after we left. So I there is some angst behind the humor. Next time I guess I'll order scallops and get a free shrimp.

We all said we would be back, and we will.
Still great, after all of these years.

Wish they had cold draft saki.  It's expensive to order the bottles.
Great service. Great sushi. Very good prices and a good happy hour menu. We didn't sit at a chefs grill table, but next time I think we will. We saw them bust out some crazy moves, including flipping an egg into his front pocket.
One of my favorite places to go and eat.  I could honestly eat here 3 times a week, getting the Vegas roll and I'd be a happy camper.

I always take all of my friends here if they've never heard about it and we always go during happy hour.  It's insane the volume of food and drinks you can get for pratically pennies.

I'm very picky about my sushi places and this is hands down the best place I've been to and I've been to sushi in Boston, LA, Hollywood, Las Vegas, and Miami.  You'd think desert sushi would be gross because it's not as fresh but this place is even better then the stuck up scottsdale restaurants.
I love this place! I try something new every time I go and I love everything! Service is great. Happy hour specials are great. Definitely recommend.
Every time we come here the owner greets us... we have sake bombs and great food .... the filot minion and spicy chicken are delicious .. come early cause it gets packed !
Dear Reviewers reading,
I thought this place was amazing! it was so cute and little and has a lot of the best sushi and Japanese foods. I had a hard time finding Yakisoba here in the valley but this place makes it and it was so delish! My dear that went with me order tons of sushi and he knows good sushi since that's all he eats, he loved it and said it was very good. We both loved our foods and the service was so nice. We had a waitress and she made sure everything was right. Even with a big table and a couple other tables full she still made her rounds in time and helped serve everyone.
Food is extremely salty. The california roll has too much mayo. I cant sleep my chest hurts from all the sodium. Seems like during happy hour the chef just doesnt give a shit about how the food looks and tastes. Service is awful too, sat and waited for 20 min after meal to get our check. All around a shitty experience. Feels like im having a heart attact
We love the chef cooking on the teppan grill right in front of us.  They serve enough food for you to have another meal with the leftovers.  The food tasted great and the vegetables were better than the chicken!  The shrimps are highly recommended if you don't want to go vegetarian.  We can't wait to go back here!
Been going here for a couple years now. The first discovery was the chicken bowl and beef bowl, for 5.95 the chicken bowl is a 10/10! I get Siracha on the side and a whole fresh jalepeno to really set it on fire. Before ah so, the only sushi I've had was the imitation meat from frys lol, and I hated it. Ah So made me like sushi. I get the spicy crab or golden avacado.
Such a fun experience . Took my best friend here and the show was amazing . The chef was personable, and we had great conversation with him while he cooked our food . Not to mention the food was PHENOMENAL. Definitely my new favorite place to go. It's such a fun experience with great quality food
Sushi is good the workers are friendly but when you come at closing they don't seem so happy who would but if you have gone the whole day with a good attitude you should end the day the same way! Food is good they also rush closing is at 11 but you have to order by the time they say.
Since, there isn't exactly a farmer's market in Las Vegas this is THE place to get great produce at albeit higher prices, but that's why you came here.. you didn't want hormone-injected and weird gas exposed food.
Convenient to this side of Vegas and while more expensive then the ubiquitous Albertson's, less expensive than Whole Foods.  I only wish we had some in the Bay Area to offer a little competition.
I only had to deduct a star for the prices and convenience, which I will explain. Now, not all of the store is overpriced, and the Wild Oats brand items are just as tasty and wholesome as the other, top-name products they sell. Wild Oats only carries items that are either organic or all-natural. Organic foods are certified that there are no fertilizers, pesticides, antibiotics, food additives, etc. This even extends so far as to what things end up in the soil the food grows in, or what feeds on the grass that grows from that soil, due to runoff. Certification is quite costly, though. Many farmers, though their foods are certifiable, simply cannot afford the documentation. Wow. Back on track here, sorry. Part of the reason organic foods are more expensive is because the farmers need to cover the costs from the foods they lost because their foods aren't pumped full of hormones and pesticies. And the convenience thing I promised to explain: due to the fact Wild Oats is strict on the wholesomeness of the items they carry, this is not one-stop shopping. For instance, you won't find Crisco here.

But enough about all of that. I love this place. First of all, whenever you walk through the doors, you're greeted with the aromas of fresh fruits, handcrafted soaps, incense, and the floral department. Which makes me a happy shopper. They carry a wide variety of artisan breads, vegan cookies (they're actually good!), coffees, fruit & veggies, and meats, fish, and poultry. This is the best place to find fresh, not frozen, ground bison. They have a bulk food section, and the unsulfured, dried papaya strips they carry are awesome.

The cafe is a fun, unique way to enjoy a wide variety of items, from pizza to curried chicken salad to stuffed grape leaves. The coffees they serve are excellent (Frank Sumatra!), and their smoothies are the best. The "Velvet Papaya" is my favorite.

They carry a lot of cool soaps, too. And the people who work the natural living section are always friendly and knowledgeable.
This Wild Oats has actually been here for a while, a little bit before the Whole Foods craze hit.  I've stopped by to pick up vitamins and produce from time to time as they're the only place to carry a lot of items - or, rather, they were.  This location is out of the way and, seriously, if there's one thing that Sunflower Market taught us it was that one does not have to jack up the price of produce just because it' good produce.  Wild Oats would have gotten  much better review out of me if Sunflower hadn't have popped up.  It's a little too pretentious and pricey to warrant the drive.
i heart wild oats.  they have great fresh produce considering the fact that we're in vegas.  you can find some really great food here.  i shop at tj's more though, because the prices are better for things that i buy more often.  

they have good fresh fish...but you will spend a good amount of money on it!
This place is seriously the best place to go for boba. the boba pearls are always fresh and warm, and the prices are cheaper compared to other places. You can find this place right inside the chinatown mall. The place  is fairly small, from what I remember there are only two sets of tables. But it doesn't seem like people hang around there so there is almost always a table to sit around at. Heck, if not just go browse around in the other stores! Sitting's overrated anyway. xDD
Having been obsessed with boba tea for the last month, our never ending quest to try every boba tea joint in Las Vegas lead us here.  Although this place is called the Sesame House, you would never know it.  Its inside the Chinatown Plaza mall area where they have a sign outside just saying "No. 1 Boba".  

I would say this is probably the second best place I've been next to Tea Planet but the prices are better here.  Not too much of an atmosphere though.  But the fruit is fresh and they do have quite a selection of dried fruits etc.
My family and I call this "Sunday's Best" because we're almost here after church enjoying refreshing all-natural boba tea.  Red bean, Taro Fresh, Lychee and Coconut and Durian flavors are my fave.
It's 115 degrees F outside and you've got burn marks on your butt from sitting on the leather seat in your car trying to make it to Chinatown through the underpass as fast as you can. There's traffic. "Damn tourists are everywhere!" you mutter underneath your breath. You think that waiting for the light to change at Paradise underneath the monorail shade might just help....especially since your a/c went out the other day. But the traffic pushes you just barely out of the shade and into the blazing noon sun. You cry out in pain, "Dang this sucks!" They keep saying it's a dry heat...but it still hurts. Solution? You need a cool refreshing fruit slushy boba....and you need it fast!

As far as boba goes....I prefer mine with fresh fruit. I don't subscribe to the powdered mixes that some people prefer b/c I find them far too saccharine. Even other boba shops that purport to make fresh fruit slushies make it far too sweet for my tastes. If you're like me, this non-descript, unassuming little shop inside the Chinatown Plaza mall (just to the right, 2 stores down from the entrance) makes some of the absolute best fresh fruit slushies with boba I've ever had in the bay area, NYC, Houston and elsewhere - prolly a near perfect 10 for me!

The boba itself is done right - not too hard, not too soft. It comes a bit warm like all places, which then melts the fruit slush a bit more....tempering the sweetness even more. They have an extensive menu choice for fresh fruit - mango, watermelon, etc. (Just look to the side shelf and you'll see all the fresh fruit they buy to make their creations!) They even run seasonal specials - look for the signs near the counter. My fave? The watermelon with boba. Otherwise, the kiwi or the honey dew melon are close seconds! 

This is totally a mom & pop joint and not some bubble tea mecca like Tea Planet just a few doors down. So not much space to sit in...but just order a couple and sit on the steps of the plaza near the entrance to cool off from that Las Vegas summer heat..or walk around and peruse the store next door for some pretty kitschy stuff - we once saw a belt buckle with the LV sign saying "Welcome to fabdau Las Vegas". That's awesome.

I don't like their coffee, or black tea versions of boba. For that I'd go elsewhere (TP seems to be the best), but they do one thing better than those other places - cheap, fresh fruit slushies that aren't too sweet. 5 stars for the "No. 1 Boba"! They're "fabdau"!
Great Ham! The turkey (when it's on special, it's $19.99), and the ham bone soup mix @ $3.99 (you use the ham bone- takes hours to make, but it is sooooo good) is really delicious too. This place is crazy busy during the holidays- the line loops inside and is out the door! But if you've had the ham and the turkey, you understand why. It's one of  those great holiday traditions- to have a Honeybaked Ham. It's not cheap, but it's worth every penny. There is a full ham, a mini-ham, or a miscut (I think that this one tends to be a little cheaper, out of the three). If you want leftovers, buy a big one. So, if you are planning to come here, and it's around the holidays, better get here early or you will be waiting a while. Then again, it's worth the wait.

The sandwiches are really good too. Sometimes there are coupons in the weekly circulars (Red Plum) with specials for the sandwich combos @ $5.99. If you get a stamp card, you will get a free sandwich after 6 sandwiches are purchased. We went once over the weekend and we were the only ones here. 

If you want really good ham, come here. This is a well-known brand that people have come to love, year after year. One taste and you will want more.
Excellent ham! There are several cuts: regular, mini, and miscut (slight discount). It's no surprise when the line is pretty much out the door during the holidays, not to mention wrapped around inside too. As was the case a few years ago, when I went with my mom. For years, many families here have enjoyed the delicious ham and turkey during Easter, Thanksgiving, & Christmas. Save the bone for Ham Bone Soup- it's so yummy. You can also buy the bone, but there is a limit of one to a customer. Many years ago, there was a location on Maryland Parkway, across from the Boulevard Mall, but that's showing how long I've called Las Vegas home.

Not only does this company have excellent ham, the turkey is excellent too (roasted, smoked). There are free samples of the turkey (both kinds) and other products. Sometimes the turkey is on special for $19.99 during the holidays. There are several other excellent products like the ham bone soup mix, mustard, pineapple chutney, and side dishes too. 

This company also makes yummy sandwiches. I got the Classic-  roasted turkey, lettuce, tomato, savory sauce, mustard, on a soft sweet kaiser looking roll that smashes down as you eat it.  My husband likes the Smoke Stacker- ham, lettuce, minus the tomatoes which I end up getting, barbeque sauce, on a ciabatta roll (not overly big, which I hate getting). If you get the stamp card, you will get a free sandwich after purchasing 5 sandwiches. We got the combos (lots of choices- salads, chips, etc., and both cost a little over $16.00. FYI, if you have a gift card, don't separate the card from the card that it is attached to, or else, the gift card is no good- it states so on the card. 

Located in a strip mall on Rainbow, not far from Charleston. Small but clean store, with less than ten tables with chairs. Bathrooms are located in the small hallway to the left. In front of the bathrooms stands an automatic hand sanitizer station- neat. There are two counters (cashier, ham). One refrigerated section to the right as you enter the store. Small but clean location. The people working there were really nice. She messed up my order but gave us a free brownie for the mixup. There were no other customers before but after us, there
were a couple customers; not sure if this is typical for sunday morning.

The other locations are at Centennial/Ann area & Henderson- Sunset, near Chuck E Cheese.
OK so this Christmas I decided to make things easy for myself in the cooking department, considering I just cooked a full on feast for Thanksgiving.

I decided to have a Honeybaked ham for my Christmas dinner and I will make all of the delicious sides which would be simple!

The Ham was delicious, picked it up the day before Christmas, yes waited in a 40 minute line, I was expecting that so no shock, lol.

It was $38 bucks for a ham that fed 8 people a generous portion, I think it was a great deal for taste, price and convenience.

You don't even have to bake or heat it up, simply pull it out and let it rest for an hour and you are ready to go. That is key that you serve this ham at room temperature!

I suggest making your own sides as they are costly and in my opinion their sides are not as good as what you can do on your own. They are called Honeybaked ham for a reason and that is what you should buy :)

All I had to do was my sides, green beans and bacon, brown sugar baked yams, and scalloped potatoes. It was an easy Holiday dinner and it left a lot more time for talking, snapping pics and laughing with family and friends!

I will be doing a repeat of this next year for my Christmas dinner!!!

I am a very happy customer!
Just had a D-Lish Tavern Club. First visit to a Honey Baked and I'll definitely be back. Not just because the sandwich was yummy (which it was...bread was awesome, thick cuts of meat, ripe tomatoes...) but the team was even better. Everyone there was super nice and helpful and they wanted to make sure we were enjoying our visit especially due to the reconstruction happening. In a world of waivering levels of service, these guys stand out as being awesome. Loyalty has been bought. Thanks honey baked team!
The store manager of this establishment is Dave Sheppard.  He is not very friendly, and lies.  I worked during the holiday season one year.  The store is great!  The management does not. care  This store needs to have a new store manager that cares about employee's and the store.
In what used to be home to the Sloppy Lobster (or something like that), this little seafood market made its new home.

Went out on a limb to make sushi at home (yes, experimental) one weekend and figured I'd try the place. I knew nothing going in.

The manager on staff was super helpful, pointing out customer favorites, as well as his own.  He gave us some squid slaw samples that I wouldn't touch, but the girlfriend threw it in the fridge and I don't think it's moved yet.  Oops.  She loved it.

Anyway, he gave us a few top choices for which type of fish to include and what would fit in a decent budget.  Went home with 3 different types of seafood for sushi.

The sushi experiment itself was messy, but delicious.  $30 worth of fish fed 8 hungry people.  Not bad, when compared to the 200+ you'd spend for that same group out at any other sushi restaurant.  Get your hands dirty, make some sushi from this place, save some dough.

This place also has a counter where you can order fried seafood and sandwiches to go, all priced reasonably cheap.  Will be back to try it.
Best source of seafood in town. Great quality and very knowledgable staff.  Our go to place for all things seafood.  They also have some great soups and takeout meals.
Stopped by while in from out of town. Dad and I got cod sandwich, seared tuna sandwich, and clam chowder. We split all three items.

Sandwiches were very good. Nice teriyaki type sauce on the Tuna, and cod was perfectly crispy. Rolls served on weren't too much or too little. 

Clam chowder was good but didn't have enough clam. It was basically potato chowder.

Service was excellent. Staff checked with us multiple times and even refilled my water. Doesnt sound like much, but this place is more of a seafood market than it is a lunch sit down establishment. Regardless, they treated us well and I'd be back again.
Great selection of fresh seafood and seafood dishes. Everything is marked clearly, so you can tell what was frozen, farm-raised, etc. Stop in for the fried Daily Catch, Cod or Salmon for the tastiest fish you'll eat in town. The counter staff is friendly and helpful. There is a stand up/bar stool area for eating there, but no comfortable sit down tables.
The staff is always friendly, very knowledgeable. Great selection and quality seafood.
Great and very fresh wide selection of seafood.  Tim behind the counter is ver y helpful.  They have all sorts of seafood flown in from everywhere.. crabs from Maryland, oysters from the east and california.. sushi grade tuna and salmon.  I'll visit this place every time I'm in Madison.
3.5 stars. Decent Italian deli, but kind of new age design. They have a lot in the deli case, meaning sandwiches and pre-made salads(which I cannot comment on), but I was not impressed with the lack of Italian grocery items. That part seemed sort of half assed to me. They have frozen lasagna (kinda pricey), homemade sauce (reasonable), pizza crusts (cheap), and cheese (moderate). Worth a drop in.
Truly wonderful spaghetti and lasagna.  I've been there twice and have been impressed with the food and the service
Gino's Italian Deli on Century Avenue is my go-to option for any time I don't feel like cooking or if I'm in the mood for an excellent sandwich.  In college I worked at a similarly-themed restaurant/deli so my expectations weren't too high when after college I moved out to Middleton.  I knew of the place and had driven by it multiple times but had never stopped until a fortunate visit from my father.  After helping me move a couch, my father took a look at my spartan apartment and said, "Well at least you're pretty close to the Middleton Gino's."  Upon learning that I hadn't ever been to either the deli locations or the State Street restaurant he insisted on getting subs that night.  Even four years later I can still remember how satisfying it was.  

Over the years I've moved several times but I've never strayed too far from Gino's.  I enjoy the hot subs to such an extent that I haven't managed to work my way through the menu yet, but here are a few of my favorites.  My standard order is the Italian beef with giardinera peppers, provelone and a dip.  I couple this with a quarter pound of the Cajun chicken salad and I'm set.  I've gotten into a few disputes over the authenticity of the #12 Italian beef compared to the Chicago standards, but I believe you like what you were introduced to and for me this is the best it gets.  The #11 meatball sub is another favorite, so much so that I usually have a hard time deciding when I get up to the counter.  The cold subs on the menu are not to be overlooked either, although I find myself doing this all the time.  My personal favorite is the #14 artichoke & turkey.  The sweet and spicy honey mustard on this is perfect with the artichoke hearts and cucumbers, and this sandwich keeps well in the refrigerator so I like to take this in for lunch.  The #7 roast beef is great in it's simplicity - just thinly sliced beef with lettuce and horseradish sauce.  I like to pick up Gino's before heading over the Capital Bier Garten to meet up with friends and family, and the #7 tastes incredible with Capital Fest and 1900 (RIP).

Gino's is more than just sandwiches.  The lasagna is very well done and the fire chicken is a special treat.  When I get subs for dinner I often pick up a piece of lasagna for lunch the next day.  Just cut it in half and microwave it for three minutes.  I've also gotten a refrigerated pan of lasagna and cooked it for a big dinner before, and it turned out very well.  There is a decent selection of dry goods and sauces on the shelves, but being not so much of a cook myself I can't say I've tried any.  One thing to note - there is a cash discount so you can save a bit.  The prices are pretty cheap to begin with: my usual order of a #12 with Cajun chicken salad and lasagna for the next day comes in around $10.  There are times that I get bored with Middleton compared with downtown Madison, but having Gino's nearby makes it all worth it.
The food at Gino's is unbelievable. The pasta sauces and made-to-order sandwiches are delicious, but the lasagna stands out from everything else. It is a bit pricey, but easily worth it. The pasta salads are somewhat oily but very flavorful. Generally when I order a pasta salad it ends up looking better than it tastes, but not so at Gino's. I highly recommend checking this place out.
My first Gino's experience was at the Verona Rd location, and I was in love(Hello...offer me Greek salad with chunks, not crumbles, of feta and I'm yours forever).

You can imagine my excitement when we moved to Middleton...a block away from the Century Ave. location!!! 

This store seems a bit smaller than the other, but just as high quality. Great sandwiches, and you can purchase the tasty meats and cheeses that they use. We get the half baked loaves of bread on occasion...mmmm. I've also heard that the lasagna is hearty and delicious. Will be popping in soon for a pan full.
At first glance you might not look at Gino's and think "Let's go there for lunch!." But think again. Gino's serves up some of the best on-the-go sandwiches I've found in Madison. I love the veggie sandwich--it is packed with loads of flavorful ingredients like olives and artichoke hearts and a zingy vinaigrette, all delicious wheaty bread. Very reasonably priced!

The market is noteworthy as well, offering all you authentic Italian culinary needs. Plus, there is a great selection of prepared foods (fresh and frozen) that will jump out an you and call "dinner." I've tried the lasagna and wasn't disappointed. It came with a huge portion of french bread. 

The staff at Gino's is always friendly and helpful.
Gino's deli is awesome!  It's not a truly "authentic" Italian deli, but it's as close as you're going to get in suburban Middleton.

The subs are invariably excellent; the bread is high-quality and the meats are delicious.  The cheese tastes mainly of salt but, then again, I've never actually had a sub where the cheese is anything but mediocre.  Anyway, you can't go wrong with any of the sub choices.  I particularly recommend the Italian beef or the Italian.

The pasta dishes are also great.  I've been having the ravioli since I was a kid (and the Middleton Gino's was located on Allen Boulevard) and it's always been a favorite of mine.  I also really like the chicken alfredo penne; it's pretty garlicky but absolutely delicious.  There are also some cold pasta salads that are worth checking out.

If you have a family to feed, Gino's sells premade pans of meat lasagna (they require 24 hours notice to make vegetarian).   It is some of the best lasagna I've ever had.  They are very generous with the meat sauce, which is great news for carnivores like me.

Gino's sells a few boxed pastas and some pasta sauces as well.  The selection is similar to what you'd find at a grocery store with only a few interesting products, so it's not worth coming here just to check out the grocery.  However, if you're just here to pick up some lunch, it could be worth your while to pick up a few other things too; the prices for everything are pretty reasonable, and the discount you get for paying with cash makes it even better.

If you are the Middleton area (or even if you aren't) you should make it a point to check out this place.
Their lasagna is awesome.  I brought it over to a friends house for a pot luck and we all now call it "crack lasagna", and giggle a little bit.  It's good stuff, watch out you'll be hooked.
I only ever get the #1 here (Italian).  Because it's good and I like it and what's wrong with that?  There's one guy who makes them better than the others, so I like it when he's there.  I think he puts just the perfect amount of dressing on.  Nothing extraordinary here, but a solidly good sandwich that I can't pass up when I'm in the neighborhood.
Really great subs.  One downside is if I'm really hungry one sub doesn't quite cut it.  Love the lasagna too.  The meat lasagna is actually MEAT lasagna.  Or maybe meat disk lasagna.  (its very meaty)
They have some good take and bake dinners, some Italian grocery items like olive oils, pickled veggies, sauces, etc.
I have been going to Gino's for a very long time and still love it!  In fact now that I live in Chicago it has become a ritual that my mom brings a pound of the tortellini salad every time she visits.  Great prepared salads, fresh bread and awesome lasagna!  Pick it up, you won't be disappointed!
My family and I have been regulars at Ginos in both Middleton and on Verona Road for years. Both are our go-to places for a quick lunch/dinner or for big family parties. It's always reliable and the staff is friendly too. I love ginos!
Really tasty subs! I'd hate to see the calorie count for a sub here, though. They have super fast service. 

We also have gotten the bake-at-home lasagna at their Century Ave location in Middleton. It's a little price but very good!
I must say that I was disappointed by my experience. I won't mention the presentation of the lasagna I received after it is a fast service and in that essence taste is by far the experience I am purchasing.

I purchased a slice of lasagna with a slice of garlic bread and a salad entree along with a Sicilian sub (several meats cheese lettuce tomato banana peppers green onion italian dressing too i think).

The sub was all right but I must say that Jimmy John's served a much better version of the same sandwich.

The garlic bread was soggy (they wrap it in plastic and microwave it) and almost devoid of the desired garlic flavor. 

The lasagna was alright. I have had much better lasagna in many other venues especially my own homemade lasagna (not trying to toot my own horn). They do you big pieces of meat that are nice to pop in your mouth but the sauce did not quite have the appropriate flavor. I know generalities on the flavor but I'm writing this a day after the fact.

The salad entree is a choice from several. I chose a tortellini salad with red pepper olives and parsley tossed in what tasted like an italian dressing. It was the brighter spot of the meal but I would choose a different option if I went back (though I am pretty sure I won't... I might try a different location sometime, Perhaps it was an off day for lasagna or they don't make it as well in Verona, idk).

So overall, I'd give this a B. Fun to try new things though so give it a shot if your in the mood.
I have wondered what this place was like for a long time--Glad I listened to the fellow yelpers. The meat lasagna was marvelous! We have a great family recipe and are always very critical of other lasagnas--as many others know few can compare to a good homemade lasagna but this one is outstanding.

Try it out some night, stop in and pick up the premade lasagna, cook it at home for the family. It was $19 for a platter that could feed a family of 6 comfortably. You could also get the individual serving to taste if you don't believe me.
Love this place, and so does everyone I tell about it. I've been going here for 17 years, and never tire of their offerings.
Cool local Deli, fast service, good sandwiches. Take out.
Amazing, amazing, amazing.  Great selection of salads, meats and to-go pastas and Italian entrees, all with high-quality ingredients.  The subs are awesome (my fave is the #4 on Italian) - even the small is large enough to for a satisfying lunch.  Be sure to get a slice of turtle cheesecake for dessert... it's a slice of heaven.

Oh, and bring cash to pay instead of credit - you'll save some coin with their cash discount.
I LOVE Gino's and started enjoying their subs, salads, and lasagna over 10 years ago. I moved out of state a few years ago and always made a point to stop at Gino's to grab my favorite sub when I was home visiting.  The lasagna also quickly became the staple that my mom made the nights we flew back to visit.  We now have moved back to the area and I am happy to say that nothing has change at Gino's.  The same friendly staff, and my favorite sub is still perfect.
I have been coming here for years, not sure why I have not done a review.  This place is always solid, never had something that wasn't good.  Sandwiches beat the pants off other sub places, and I can't seem to get out of the place without a container of Cajun Chicken Salad.  Soups are good, entrees are good.  If you need a quick lunch or dinner that won't break the bank this is a good option.  They also give you a discount for paying cash, another plus.  Try them, you'll like them!
First sandwich I had here...  a "Pastrami Plus" on Asiago bread....  was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  OK..  maybe I'd been craving a pastrami sandwich for a week or two.  Every moment.....   In any case, that sandwich blew me away.  I couldn't believe it!   For $6 (maybe not even that!) I'd gotten a sandwich that lined right up with Bari in Chicago.  I called all my friends.  Asked my girlfriend if she'd consider moving up to Madison.  We could stay.  There was a good sandwich place.

Then it all fell apart.  I went back the next day, and wished I'd gone to Cousin's.  Went back two more times over the next two weeks and for some reason they just couldn't duplicate that first one.  I don't know what to say.  I mean...  they weren't *bad*, just disappointing after that first one that was just *so* freaking good.  

I also had their veggie lasagna once, on the recommendation of a friend (who raves about it btw).  Honestly, I wasn't impressed, but I'll admit that making lasagna is "my thing" so I sort of resent when it's anything less than 5 stars.  Anyway, for the friendly people, the cheap prices, and that first sandwich...  3 stars to you, Gino's.  Occasionally I'll be back....  like a long-lost lover returning to the place he met an old love whom he never saw again.
Whether you want a pan of lasagna or a quick sandwich, this is your place to go.  This is more of a 'pick up and take home' type place, but they do have a couple small tables if you're on the go.  You get a discount if you pay cash instead of a credit card... Which for me is totally understanding.
It was average. Not quite the same as italian delis in Chicago, but ok, I guess.
AWESOME lasagna!!  

I could probably eat a whole pan of it by myself in one sitting, however my wife would probably divorce me, so i reluctantly choose to eat it in moderation.
Stopped here during our lunch break. Both of us loved our subs. I got the Sicilian on asiago bread. Absolutely amazing!!!! Best bread I've ever had with a sub. Also got the grilled chicken pesto salad which was also very good. Prices are very cheap also. Can't wait to go back.
Who knew?
No seriously...
Who knew this was here? 

Solid marketplace for on the fly Italian ingredients and a decent Italian beef sammie. Wish there was more space to eat than the two tables which practically feel outside given the draft, but I think this could quickly be a great grab-n-go option for me on that side of town.
"I wanna be a meatball from Gino's"
Sandwiches, meatballs, homemade lasagna, cheese, and the oh so famous chicken pesto salad.  It's all good.  If you are picking up lunch or dinner from here, please let me know so I can swing by.
When you walk in and smell that perfect Italian Deli scent, you know you're in the right place!
Great prices, efficient service, and really good food! We got the meatball, italian beef, and sicilian-- all of which were really flavorful and did not skimp on the toppings. The sicilian was probably the least favorite of the three, but still was enjoyable.

The italian beef was loaded with beef, but some of it was slightly fatty.

The meatball had several meatballs, not dry at all, and the marinara was excellent.

Great experience overall.
I love this place! It's where I stop every time I visit Madison. Great subs, great family business.
I had the Italian Sub. Tasty. Quick service, quality ingredients and locally owned. Enjoy;)
Love love loveeeee Gino's! If I could afford to take the entire store home I would!!! You can not go wrong with anything on their menu but their turtle cheesecake is to die for!!
Hidden gem. Meatball sub is fire!!
Delicious Sicilian sub and Greek pasta salad. As soon as you walk in the smell grabs you. They also offer a cash discount. I can't wait to go back to try something else on their menu.  The pastrami sub will probably be my next choice.
Really cute deli my family always stop at on our way to the cabin. It has frech delicious food. And the interior is really pretty. Get your sandwhich on the asiago bread. Delicious!
Do you like seafood? SEE FOOD! No, but seriously. If you love fresh fish but you're not in the mood for trout, blue gill, and other local freshwater species, Seafood Center is where it's at. Located in an unassuming strip mall (like so many other gems in Madison), I was greeted by friendly employees and two display cases bursting with clams, salmon, wahoo, mussels, crab, shrimp, and even some Dabob oysters! I nabbed some wild Alaskan halibut for only $16.99 a pound--sometimes this is a steal even in my hometown of Seattle.

I perused the "to-go" menu of various fried treats and chatted with the owner. Upon hearing that I was new to town, he said he wanted to do for me what someone did for him when he first moved to Madison. He wrote down a list of a few hidden gems--specialty food stores--that I should check out. Score! All in all, in the land-locked Midwest, Seafood Center reminds me that it's a small world after all and a taste of home is just a plane ride away (in a refrigerated case of halibut).
One of the best seafood markets in Madison, with competitive prices.  The rating is based on available options in the Madison area - this isn't Pike Place or anything.

They have both frozen and fresh seafood with a very nice selection.  They carry the standards, like salmon, various whitefish, shrimp, scallops, live and frozen lobster, crab legs, etc., but also have some of the harder to find items like sashimi grade tuna, opa, blue marlin, skate wing, swordfish, prawns, clams, and oysters.  I think they're the only place in Madison that carries Laughing Bird shrimp.

Now I can't guarantee that they'll have everything listed there when you go, as they do have somewhat of a rotating inventory based on availability and fishing seasons, but I've always been able to special order something if they didn't have it.

Monday through Saturday, they also have carry out, if you're looking for some fried catfish, or shrimp, or cod, or calamari - that kind of thing - check out their website for a menu: http://www.madseafood.com/Carryout.nxg    They also have smoked fish available.  There is no seating, pick up only.

There's other seafood-related sundries there too, like marinades, sauces, breading, spices, and sides if you need ideas on preparing the main dish.

The staff is very knowledgeable, and can help you with recipe, cooking, and pairing questions.  They'll also skin the fish for you too if you ask.

They have an Old Sauk road location (which I think has some tables if you're looking to eat there) and a satellite in the Willy St. Co-op, but I prefer the Whitney Way store - if only for familiarity's sake.
Go there for the Fish n Chips! Yeah, I know, they have have fresh seafood and all that but I go there for the fried kind. Depending on what type of fish you get it will run you $6-$7 and you get some nicely cooked fish, chips, coleslaw and tartar.  Very consistent with the food and nice employee's to boot. 
They only do take-out and unless things have changed they don't do the chips on Sunday, They also have a tank full of lobsters to entertain you while they cook your order!
The best place to get good seafood in Madison.  The staff here (and their other locations) has always been very friendly and knowledgeable.  We go here for fresh oysters and sushi-grade fish among other things.  They also have a good carry out menu with mostly fried seafood.  Fish fry is good and the fried scallops and other shellfish are cooked perfectly.  Never chewy.
The first time we here was the first time we were making sushi at home and not only did we get great fish, we got a lot of advice about making rolls and a great recipe for a spicy tuna roll.
It is expensive, but its madison and until they start pulling tuna out of lake mendota, it will always cost more.
I saw this place rated highly on Yelp and had a hankering for some Fish and Chips so I headed on down there.  The place is small but they look to have a lot of great fresh seafood pickings.  My food was ready when I got there.  I wanted lunch and dinner so I got a shrimp fish and chips for lunch and a cod fish and chips for dinner, with a side of pasta salad and some New England clam chowder.  They were out of warm soup but I got the cold and re-heated.

Everything was superb, the shrimp was was large and the fish was very crisp and best of all, not greasy at all.  You'd hardly know it was fried in fact as it wasn't the least bit greasy and therefor didn't taste of grease at all (a common problem I've had at some places where I get fish and chips, greasiness=queasiness).  Fries were simply delicious, I usually throw some away as I'm not real big on french fries but none of these saw the trash can. The pasta salad was amazing and the soup was fantastic as well.  They also had a big basket of lemons of which I bought for desert (I love to eat raw lemons) and they were quite tasty too.

All in all it was about $30 for everything.  Not bad at all considering it was top quality and delicious and I got about 3 1/2 meals out of the whole thing.  A fantastic value.  I don't eat seafood like this alot but I'd eat here a ton if I was a Madison resident.  The only con I can think of is I'd like more of the chips (batter-not fries) like Long John Silvers gives you when you get their cheap fish.  Add that and this place would be absolutely perfect.  

Remember - carryout only!

NOTE: On my pic of the shrimp fish and chips dinner I did eat a piece of the shrimp before I took the pic so take that into consideration as to how much shrimp you actually get with the meal.
I stopped here based upon the good reviews and because a local Madison personality buys all his fish from here.   I was not disappointed.
Really good prices.   The carry out price is a great deal and the food was excellent on our first order.  Deep fried cod of large proportion, tender, moist, excellent breading and good flavor.   The tartar sauce was quite good and so was the coleslaw.   
I also ordered some lobster bisque and one smoked whitefish which I haven't tried yet.
Everyone behind the counter was engaged in helping customers and very nice.
We will be back.
They actually didn't have some fish I was looking for but I might be able to order it so I won't give them a negative for that.  Can I get Chilean Sea Bass or Branzini?  I suspect so.  later folks.
Worst cod sandwich I've ever tried to eat... I gave my dog the rest.
Gave them a 2nd chance, tried the "sampler" well, it beat the hell out of the cod sandwich...

My Dad became really sick after eating here based on either food poisoning or some sort of virus from improper hand washing..
We only checked this place out because of the other positive reviews on Yelp, and I'm glad we did...

We had the Cod basket and Shrimp basket, both came with tatar/cocktail sauce, fries and coleslaw.  Each were cooked to order, so there was a small wait but again worth it.

There is no dining-in, but we were happy eating in our car :)

Really reminds me of Hagens Fish market in Chicago (Portage Park)
Madison may as well be located in the high desert when it comes to QUALITY seafood... well, actually, that's not true - I've had some of the most amazing sashimi of my entire life while in Joshua Tree, California.  So much for that analogy.

But you get my point - Madison consumers don't have many options for fresh, quality fish, nor do we have a ton of knowledgable fish mongers to work with.

We do, however, have The Seafood Center!  And, holy catfish (sorry Angie from FTS), are these guys awesome!  

I felt like making fish tacos last night, so we fired-up Yelp and found a few recommendations for fresh seafood.  My first choice, "Seafood Center" on Junction Road closed on January 1.  In a panic, I raced over to this location and was relieved to find them open, and very busy.

The location is small, but don't let the size deter you - they are packed to the gills with fantastic fish.  There's also a kitchen in the back that offers a variety of deep fried piscine platters, but I was there for the uncooked stuff.

A super friendly monger asked if he could assist me with anything.  I told him I was planning to do some grilled fish tacos and was considering Halibut, Tilapia, or Mahi.

He immediately offered that they were out of Mahi, and that he only had about half-a-pound of Halibut left.  The Tilapia, while farmed, was fresh and would be "fine" for a taco.  He then suggested I check out the Corvina - it had arrived earlier in the day, was line caught, and would be superb for grilling.  He offered me a smell of the fish - it was completely odorless - the whole shop is odorless, in fact - and that's a good sign when shopping for fish.

I took 1.25 pounds of the Corvina - he skinned it for me, wrapped it in plastic, put it on ice, and presented me with the bounty.  I haven't had that kind of experience since I lived in San Francisco and Austin.

I will be back!!!  This place is truly incredible, and I hope Madison will continue to support this location.  If you're looking for some awesome seafood, swing through The Seafood Center - it's definitely the real deal.

Oh - so how were the tacos?  Amazing!  I marinated the Corvina in lime, cilantro, jalapeno, and a splash of tequila, then grilled it on the Big Green Egg for about 9 minutes or so (at 400F).  Whipped-up some incredible spicy slaw, some black refried beans, and an amazing sauce.  A corn tortilla and a slice of avocado made for a stellar dinner.  

None of it would've been possible without the help of The Seafood Center (and Yelp)!
I've been here a few times and the food has been wonderful. I've only gotten the deep-fried cod with fries, but it's always delicious with tasty tartar and coleslaw on the side. 

Only thing keeping me from making this a five-star review is that it's served a little cold - could be hotter from the get-go.
great choices for fish. Madison may not be near the coast, but the Seafood Center offers some great fish.
The quality of the seafood here is great for the midwest (I'm from the east coast, so I am pretty picky about my fish). So that's not the reason they're getting a two-star review from me. 

The two-star review is because I ordered three pounds of shrimp for my annual Christmas party about a week before the party happened. They told me it would be no problem. 

Unfortunately they lost the order. When my husband went to pick it up, it was not ready and he waited over 30 minutes while they scrambled to find three pounds of shrimp.

If you're going to put yourself out there as providing catering platters for parties, then make sure you keep your orders straight. I'm not sure what I'll do next year, but I am definitely soured on the Seafood Center.
Awesome fish. I always get the catch of the day (variety of fried fish- from tuna to salmon to whitefish). It is phenomenal.  They also have a eide range of cooking supplies that go with seafood dishes.

 I have never made a bulk order so have not experienced any issues like some of the other reviews.
I didn't think this quality of seafood could be found here. I lived on the east coast and have gotten used to fresh seafood. This establishment did not disappoint.
We ordered a couple of sandwiches and some seafood for later. I ordered a grilled tuna and my wife ordered fried cod. It came on a nice roll and was cooked perfectly. The fish in both cases was allowed to be the star of the sandwich. Meaning it was not loaded down with sauce covering the flavor. We split an order of fries and they were very good as well. Only draw back, there is only one table with four chairs in the place but than it is not a restaurant.
Now, while this is a seafood store it does not have an over powering smell as such. It is clean, the staff was friendly and eager to assist. The seafood items are labeled with type and where it was harvested. It all looked incredible and fresh. We purchased some fresh sea scallops that required nothing more than to be cooked with some salt and pepper. They were sweet and tender and turned out incredible. We also purchased some mahi-mahi, it was very fresh and I would venture a guess that it had not been out of the water for a long time. It smelled very nice both raw and cooked.
This is a place we will be returning to often. The only problem will be what to purchase next time.
We were very disappointed in the take-out we bought tonight: clam chowder.  We expected more from a place that specializes in fish and seafood.  It had zero clam flavor (tasted mainly of uncooked flour), and the tiny bits of clams probably didn't add up to a full soup spoon in a whole pint of chowder.  We threw most of it out.
Got the fish and chips - replaced chips with onion rings.

Fluffy and finely spiced, fish was definitely tasty. Good batter. Good take away food.
Best whole in the wall Chinese food in the west valley! I have been going here as a kid and I would go there again and again. Take out is great and I would recommend getting take out there. Now, eating there I might not suggest, taking the food home is awesome!
Decided to be adventurous and try a new place. BINGO! The first thing that caught my eyes from the street was that they had pictures of food posted on their wall. I think pictures always helps out. They were closing in 30 minutes, but they were still very friendly upon greeting me. I ordered quite a few items: Hot Wings, Shrimp Fried Rice with Garlic, Krispy Noodle Chow Mein, Beef with Broccoli, Scallops and Shrimp with Garlic Sauce, and Lim's Special Chicken. For whatever reason I told them that it was my first time here and they had given me a discount on my order. On top of that, they also gave free drinks while I waited for my food. I didn't want to take the drink cuz I felt somewhat bad, but she had insisted. What a GREAT person! The food arrived in like 15 minutes and I guess I ordered a little bit too much. LoL! The food was packed nicely and in a box...must have been a few pounds. They even provided some sauce and the essentials of soy sauce and fortune cookies. Arrived home and I was just hungry and began eating. I should have taken some pictures, but I was starving. The food was great and I am going back again!
I have been enoying Lim's for almost 19 years when they opened early in the 90's.  I have rarely been disappointed by anything I ordered.  Everything from soup to their homemade sweet and sour sauce..you will never find anything cheaper with more flavor!
I used to go here years ago with co-workers but one them  had a very unpleasant experience that I won't go into detail with so I had stopped frequenting, I moved away from the area and hadn't thought about it in years. 

About a year ago a friend mentioned going there back in the day so we thought we would give them another shot.  In the past year I have been back about a half a dozen times when I'm in the area and they have never given me a bad meal.

Don't be intimidated by the building. It looks a little run down from the outside and there usually aren't many cars in the parking lot. Let it be everyone else's loss, not yours. Don't judge a book by it's cover.

The lunch specials are between $5.99 & $6.99, most being $5.99 unless it has some sort of seafood. Combos come with egg drop soup loaded with crunchy veggies and chicken pieces. What chinese place  puts chicken in their egg drop soup? It is probably the best I have ever had..ever! 2 fried won tons, a egg roll and fried rice. The portions are huge.

The service is always quick and pleasant and everything is made to order.  Ask for your drink in a to go cup..especially the iced tea. I can't get enough of it.

If you get the urge for chinese and you are around the Desert Sky area stop in and give them a shot. You won't be sorry.
It's been awhile since I've been here and I almost forgot how great of a place this is. I ordered a few things, but one of the new items I tried was the Shrimp with Cream Sauce...ohh emm gee! Amazing sauce!!! I asked what kind of veggies it came with: mushrooms, snow peas, celery, carrots, cabbage, and broccoli. I'm not too big on some of the veggies, but the whole thing just went well together. Please try if you haven't...it's so GOOD!
Met 2 friends here for lunch and the place just keeps getting better. The hot and sour soup was amazing. Filled with lots of roast pork, shrimp, tofu and veggies with the perfect amount of spice. I just wish I lived closer. The prices have gone up a bit, but $5.99 & $6.99 is still a bargin for the quality and quantity of food.
The Chinese food here is pretty decent. Not much of a variety. We had two different types of chicken and the sauce tasted generally the same. Vegetables added to the dishes were fresh. A little over priced for my taste but the orders were huge amounts. The hot sour soup was my favorite out of everything we ordered.
Great family owned restaurant and great food at decent prices.
This is the 2nd best place to get Egg Foo Young in town!  I tried one of their lunch specials before and did not really liked it.  I will keep coming back for the chicken egg foo young.
Tried Lims for the first time. The fried rice was great. The pepper steak was good but could have used a little more flavor. The portions were good size. The crab puffs were also nice and big. The average dish is $7 - $8 which is great for the amount of food you get. We will be back.
I came back here to try something else besides my favorite egg foo young.  I had the shrimp fried rice.  I must say that I was very impressed.  Some places leave a layer of oil at the bottom of the rice container.  This not the case here.  I requested that they added garlic to my fried rice and it was a very good touch.
Used Yelp to find this place. Small mom and pop shop. I ordered the lunch special - sweet&sour chicken. It came with egg flower soup, fried rice, and egg roll. What I liked was that it was only chicken, not like most places that put a lot of vegetables.
The one thing that cannot be disputed about Lim's -- a well-established restaurant in the West Valley -- is that the service is very friendly.  

Okay:  that was the generous part of this review.  Buckle your seatbelt:  this isn't going to be a smooth ride.

Once again, my theorem about YELP has been confirmed:  the more stars a restaurant has, the more you should avoid it.  I'm convinced that every prisoner released from Sheriff Joe's tent city is promised a $20 bill for their first night's meal in freedom, PROVIDED they write a review on YELP.  How else can one explain the 4 and 5 stars for this place?  Certainly, it couldn't be for the fluorescent lit diner atmosphere ... and it certainly couldn't be for the food ... could it?!?

The Hot n Sour soup was okay.  My partner thought it too sour.  Hello!  The "sour" isn't in the name to make it sound pretty.  I didn't think it too sour at all and they certainly don't skimp on ingredients:  the soup is loaded.  From there, however, it started going downhill faster than a snowball down the side of a steep ski run.

The egg rolls, too, weren't bad ... a bit greasy, but filled almost exclusively with cabbage, which I like.  But the two dishes specifically mentioned in reviews here -- the Devil Beef and the Mu Shu Pork -- were as disappointing as a visit to the U.S. Senate.  Unfortunately, the quality of the food matched the Senate's performance, too.  Even before I could open my mouth, my other half said what I was thinking when they brought the beef out:  "My God!  It looks like someone's already eaten it!"  Mushy, grey, and in spite of the jalapenos in it, bland.  Sort of like Senator John McCain, except it wasn't demanding we go to war in Syria.  And while it is advertised in the menu, Chinese food with ... jalapenos?!?  Chinese-Mexican fusion?!?!  

The Mu Shu Pork was something I'd never seen before in the many years I've eaten Chinese:  pre-rolled Mu Shu.  Usually, they bring you the wrapping and the filling is on the side and you make it yourself.  Not here:  they do it for you.  That by itself might have been acceptable to all but the Mu Shu Pork fanatic.  But what wasn't acceptable was the salt level in the food.  Unless you have a high tolerance for salty food, prepare to have lots of water nearby and watch your blood pressure go into the 150s over 110!

Service was fast, but almost like something out of a bad comedy about Chinese restaurants:  everything was brought at once, regardless of how close you were to finishing the previous course.  The only thing they DIDN'T do was observe you from a distance and wait for you to finish eating.

It pains me to give a bad review to a restaurant, which is obviously trying to please its customers.  In this case, however,  I'm afraid the review is fully justified.  I don't know who the people are on here, who think this is quality food.  I can only say to that one person, for example, who said he/she wishes this place was closer so he/she didn't have to drive all the way here:  KEEP DRIVING!  

I rarely leave food on my plate and, when I do, I always ask for a doggie bag to take the leftovers home.  In this case, I left food on the plate and almost shouted "no" too enthusiastically when I was asked if I needed a box to take the remainder home.  Oh God in Heaven:  NO!!!!!
This place has HUGE portions but the prices aren't bad. The food is amazing. I absolutely love the crab puffs! The owner and his wife are so sweet. They just started delivering which makes lim's 10 times better now. :D
Whoa!  This was an unexpected find for me.  I was in town for business randomly searching around for something to eat and I came across this place by accident.  Good selection of snacks (loaded up for the hotel room).  Not the full blown places like the ones back home, yet It was very cool to run into a place like this out there.
I had no idea this place was here, or what all the had to offer. It's not nearly as big as those Asian megamarts. But for its size, New Tokyo certainly packs in a lot of goods.

Their prices are very fair as well. I think I spent about $15, and got sesame oil, soy sauce, rice vinegar, hoisin sauce, wonton wrappers, panko (99 cents!). The liquids were all BIG bottles too. 

I'm kind of annoyed that we were in a hurry. I could have spent a lot of time in there, buying LOTS of stuff. I guess that means that I'll just have to go back -- shoot.
I have no idea whether there is a Japanese community in this part of town, but New Tokyo would suit one well.  It's rather small, but they have a wide selection of Japanese, snacks, beverages (including my new fave beer, Asahi Black), refrigerated items, staples, etc.  

This is not an Asian market, it's specifically Japanese, so don't expect more than a few crossover items like kimchi.  That being said, sometimes it's good to specialize.  It lets them carry more variety of Japanese products.

The cashier was very friendly when I finally stopped loading my basket long enough to check out.  Like the first reviewer, I loaded up with snacks for the hotel room...along with a six-pack of Asahi Black, of course.  Oh, one more important factor...the prices were quite reasonable, in line with most ethnic market imports...maybe even a bit cheaper than usual.
This is a great market, with a great selection of dry goods as well as foodstuff. The people inside the store are very helpful and are willing to make special orders if you know just what you want. I will admit, I'm puzzled by what the recording says when I walk in/out, and by what some of the stuff says as I have no understanding of how to read ideograms but great place nonetheless. I've been addicted to Ramune since Matsuri festival last year and this is only one of two places I've seen it since. They have a small selection of sake and beer, but most importantly, all the "junk food," spices, noodles, etc. 

do atishi mashite New Tokyo!
This place and Fujiya Market are the only two Asian markets I've found in Arizona so far that's really JAPANESE.  It is a little far away from where I live so I usually end up going to Fujiya Market but IF I need something specific, I usually make my effort to drive up there.  

*Selection in general = this place has more selection than Fujiya Market
*Rice = seems a little cheaper than Fujiya Market
*Japanese videos/DVDs = rentals and for sale

Like Fujiya Market, they don't have fresh fruits or vegetables.
This is a great little shop that has a wide variety of Japanese goods at reasonable prices.  I tend to fall prey to their freezer section where I buy way too many sweets like daifuku and dango.  They have a great selection of condiments, snacks, candy, pantry goods (such as noodles, rice, curry mixes, furikake seasonings), and other groceries such as tofu and frozen seafood.  

In the back, you'll find non-grocery items such as video rentals, stationary supplies, books, dishware, etc.  The owners are quite friendly.  The last time I went, I watched as a first time customer was led around the store according to his shopping list, with the staff member answering all of his questions and explaining the different choices he had.  Awesome customer service!
If you're looking for a real Japanese market, this is the place. The place isn't big and can sometimes be a little expensive, but with so few options in AZ this is #1.
Okay, I keep forgetting about this market on the west side...
I do go here when I do remember instead of Lee Lee & Ranch L Market.
I always load up on basic Japanese cooking supplies; and some fun stuff too.
They used to have a little cafe in back; I do miss it...
Unlike other Japanese markets in the area this one has a good selection and the shelves are always well stocked! The staff and owners are super friendly and helpful and the prices are pretty good. Now If only this was bigger and with an even wider selection it would be perfect!
I would give it five stars, I just did not know what I wanted there. If I knew more about the products I would have wanted more. But, they had what I went for, Green Tea Match! And, they even had the little bamboo whisk to blend it with. I saved on shipping, I was about to order these things online.
Very friendly too. I will be back for sure.
Moved to Prescott 8 months ago. Been Jonesing for some Japanese food supplies and you can't find anything up here in the north. Found this store online and made a trip while going to Scottsdale. Very small store but well stocked for most Japanese eats. Got Soy paper for the wife and got a bunch of other stuff.  Things looked good there, store was clean and people were friendly. I will go back when I need more Japanese cooking supplies.
Do you want authentic Japanese food, drink, little toys, book, free newspaper? Don't waste no time, and come to Tokyo food market. This is Da place!!

I found this place by accident, to my surprise this turns out fully stocked Japanese grocery / convinience store from heaven. And pricing was juuuust right!! 

The owner is very very nice gentleman, I chat with him a while and found out how much of knowledge he has for Japan and Japanese biz. 

I ended up more than I needed, but I'm very happy to go home with so many Japanese grocery items. 

This is true gem in town!
This is a great little store, very clean and the ladies working there are always very friendly.  Their prices actually are better on most things that I've purchased than the bigger Asian stores in town.  They've got a little section of Hawaiian products which can be tough to find elsewhere.
Really do love this place. This is where my husband picks up all the fish he uses for Sushi. The couple that runs the place are very knowledgeable about their products are are two of the sweetest people ever. This certainly isn't your big box Asian markets like Asiana or Lee Lee, but they have great products, good prices and really friendly staff. 

Certainly check this place out, it has amazing food, snacks, and goodies!
I love this market. It's no Marukai/Mitsuwa, but I can find what I need here. The staff is so friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful.
I'm willing to pay the price for the goods (not all are expensive, mind you) for the simple fact that the customer service is great, the store is clean, and the selection is fairly high. 

I love the lady that helped us out. She was very sweet and caring. 

I could go on and on about the customer service, but I'll spare you all further pain.

Go here, you wont be disappointed (unless you're flat broke.)
Awesome Market!!! The staff is very friendly and helpful. The selection is great and the prices are very reasonable. I love the selection of Japanese snacks and drinks.
Went to New Tokyo Food Market today for some Japanese staples...Miso soup, nori (dried seaweed), Osenbei (flavored rice crackers), Furikake (dried seasoning mix) and Panko bread crumbs for Tempura recipes and they carry many other hard to find Japanese products. Prices are very reasonable and most products are authentic and not Americanized versions. Owner came over and helped us with our selections without being asked! Very helpful and nice!  Highly recommend this market located on S/E corner of 35th Ave. and Northern. Parking area is limited however! Banzai!!!!
I wanted to make sushi rolls for a while so i looked online if there is any market place where i can buy the main materials and found this little store close to my house so i gave it a try. Found it had everything i needed to make my rolls and at a good price bought set of 20 chop sticks for like two bucks. Will make it my place to buy my supplies.
I'm a frequent shopper of Fujiya's, but I was interested to see another Japanese market in the valley.

New Tokyo is small and quaint and it does the job in finding authentic Japanese items. If I was in the area, I'd choose this place in a heartbeat. However, I'd have to go with Fujiya in terms of proximity and the fact that they have bentos.

Of course New Tokyo Food Market is definitely worth a visit.
Love this place! Authentic Japanese food and other items. They are a small shop, but have a nice selection and some other ethnic foods as well. (Hawaiian, Chinese, etc.) The staff is always courteous, friendly and willing to help. They won't try and sell you anything. Every time I ask for assistance, they always steer me to the most economical products that will accomplish my goals. A few days ago, I went in pick up some sake for cooking. The older lady (perhaps an owner) asked me if I liked the brand of sake I had chosen. I told her that I had never tried it, but it was for cooking. She recommended that I purchase a much cheaper, smaller bottle if I was cooking with it only and showed me her recommendation. ($2.49) I appreciate their honesty and integrity!
Great prices, great selection. I didn't get a chance to look at all of the different sauces and foods - I was too busy deciding which Sake to take home! ;)
Love New Tokyo! Friendliest family owned place,  great selection and very fair pricing. Love the homemade salmon triangles,  but you have to get there early or they're gone!
This is a great Oriental food market.  I have been to quite a few and I have not found anything close to Tokyo Market.  The ladies are genuinely happy to see you and they understand and speak English, this is in contrast to other Oriental markets I have been to.  Good selection, clean, and I look forward to goig back.  I will be a customer for some time to come.
Imagine you seasoned a big roast and cooked it in your oven for hours, cooled it down, and then sliced it. This is the roast beef from Midwestern Meats. No joke- I have not once purchased roast beef from a grocery or deli since I tasted Midwestern's. I was in Mesa today, and couldn't help but swing by.

The place is divided into three areas: a butcher shop, a bakery, and a restaurant. The restaurant is VERY inexpensive and serves the Midwestern comfort food fare you might imagine, in a very homespun environment. The bakery is hit or miss for me, but I absolutely love their coconut cream pies. They have breads, pastries, cookies, cupcakes, coffee cakes, pies, ice cream, etc. The butcher shop has really good meat they ship in from Iowa. Chops and steaks, cut right in front of you, to your specification, plus ground meats, sausages, fresh gourmet burgers, ready for your grill- you name it, they probably have it.  I picked up some pork chops today and they were beautiful- super fresh, hand trimmed, and cut just as I asked for my next State Fair cooking contest.

Everyone who works here is ridiculously -and honestly- nice. For those transplants from the Midwest who miss its particular charms, this is your Mecca.
I will never buy red meat from a grocery store again if I can help it. I was planning on going out for a steak diner and at the last minute decided to cook out myself. I looked online and found a produce market (check out the review for superstition ranch market) as well as this meat market. They are a block or so away from each other which was really convenient since I needed to stop at both. The staff is extremely friendly and more than happy to help with your meat selection. They will even cook you a piece so you can try it. The bakery is great as well... Pecans Pies are great!  Anyway, if you get out to east Mesa, check this place out.. it's great!
Wow, I always have driven by and they have always been packed. My girlfriend and I spent 30 minutes or so just browsing their deli and sweat treat area. Then ended up going to have a late breakfast. It was awesome I am a big breakfast fan and I will definately being going back. I want to try their deli and desserts, but the people working there were absolutely outstanding. Great Customer Service.
LOVE this place!  GREAT service everytime!
Best Burgers in AZ...hands down...I have been to this place twice. And this is about the closest thing you can get to a small town restaurant in a big city. 
The service is excellent the food is great and fresh and the prices are cheap.

They have this burger that they stuff with ingredients..like jalapeno's and cheese or whatever you want, the beef is fresh from the chophouse right next door...which is also right next to their bakery. 99 cent pie all day every day.

This place is great I definitely recommend going here if your a carnivore.
This place is one of the best steakhouses I have been to. Great prices, fresh meats, good portions. This is my new steakhouse for sure! Best to go after 6pm to miss the seasoned citizens crowd. Next time I will try the stuffed burgers!
based on some reviews i've read and heard in person I decided to try this place this past friday evening.

I had the prime rib large cut and my mom had the Philly cheese steak.

The prime rib was a decent size (not what I would call King cut) very salty and my mom's cheese steak was served on what appeared to be a large hot dog bun which totally fell apart while she was eating the steak appeared to be flank steak which you DON"T use in a cheese steak...received 3 dinner rolls that were wet (almost soggy) on the bottom and we basic restaurant dinner rolls nothing exciting...especially with a bakery on site I guess I was expecting more

Atmosphere is very fire hall like if anyone reading this as ever been to a local firehall on the east coast

Service was decent, never did get a refill on my soda, the dessert of the day was cake which tasted like it had been sitting out for awhile.

After dinner I went over to the meat counter  they close at 6pm and I checked my cell phone it was 5:42 all the workers were busy pulling meat from the counter and not one person asked if they could help me.

Needless to say I was underwhelmed by this place.  Its definately more a senor hangout
Having seen a story about this place in the paper, we made the fairly long drive up there from Ahwatukee today. It's not something I would do every week, but it is worth it once in awhile. 

We did not try the restaurant, but loved the meat area and the bakery. The service was really fast and extraordinarily friendly. The prices were pretty good, especially considering the fact that you know you are getting fresh product ($4.99/lb tenderloin, $3.99/lb. cubed steak, $2.99/lb on pork chops etc.). The selection was good, but not great, but the overall experience was memorable. We'll go back, especially if we are heading up that direction anyway. We're looking forward to trying their restaurant next time.
This place is 3 stores in one, a restaurant, a bakery and a meat market.  I would give the restaurant 2.5 stars, the bakery 4 stars and meat market 5+stars.

I've only eaten at the restaurant once; my Mom and her husband love this place - so on her recommendation a couple friends and I went for a prime rib dinner.  My friends and I are not young, but we were the youngest people there.  No problem, it was 8pm and we were starving.  We each ordered the prime rib dinner which came with soup, potato and a dessert.  The soup was some sort of cream soup that was so gelatinous the spoon stood straight up in the sticky glop, yuck!  Thank God the prime rib was brought out quickly, it was FANTASTIC!  Medium rare, tender, tasty in it's own juice.  Delicious!  It's a good thing we weren't hungry for dessert, it was some sort of pudding that had the same gelatinous appearance as the soup earlier.  Gross.

I've only stopped through the bakery once for some cookies.  Everything is made fresh daily and they'll take special requests for anything including sugar free and low fat items.  

Go here for the meat.  I won't even buy grocery store beef since shopping here.  They'll cut anything and everything to your preferences and needs.  They are so helpful and friendly and the best part is the quality of the beef.  Everything is well marbled, fresh and fresh cut and it tastes 100 times better than anything I've bought in a grocery store.  Prices are beyond reasonable especially considering the level of service they provide.  

Between this place and the Superstition Ranch Market down the street, I rarely have to shop at a grocery store.
I have purchased meat from this place for a while, and even eaten the ice cream.  I had never gone in the restaurant and decided to try it out.  I had the Reuben which was average.  My kids ate burgers which I tried and was floored with how good they were!  Next time I get a burger!

The pie was delicious, but was disppointed that a-la-mode cost $1 extra but is only 50cents if you get it at the bakery.  Go figure.
What's the big deal with this place?  After reading all these rave reviews I thought I was missing out on the meat mecca of the east valley.  I decided to check out the restaurant for a quick lunch on a Friday afternoon.  The parking lot was packed, which is always a good sign.  After first making my way into what turned out to be the bakery I made a wrong turn into the meat market.  I finally found my way into the restaurant and was seated at a tiny 2 top in between a bunch of old folks.    Not that I have anything wrong with old people, but I was there for lunch and I think they were there for an early supper!!!  I had the turkey sanwhich, which was good but nothing better than I could have made myself.  I think next time I'll just head across the street to Sprouts and get a much bigger and better sandwhich for the same price without the blue hairs.
Went here with the girlfriend's grandparents last week and I must say I expected better after all the hype I got. Of course some of the hype was actually incorrect (THEY DO NOT ACTUALLY SERVE ND POTATOES) so they get cut a little slack for that. The service is fast and friendly, the bakery has some tasty stuff in it, and if you ever want to buy a cow's heart this is the place to do it (don't know why you would though). 

As far as the food, that's where I was underwhelmed. The mashed potatoes were like water, the veggies were cold, and the steak was just alright. I asked for my steak rare and I got medium well. Not being an ass I decided not to send it back and the steak itself wasn't bad. Just not too memorable....

Combined with the facts that the parking sucks and it sounds like an airport terminal inside I don't think I will be back. Unless maybe if I ever find a need for a whole cow's heart
Great meat market and bakery! The staff is friendly and extremely helpful! Have had their steaks, sausage and love their cole slaw and potato salad!  Don't leave without getting something yummy from the bakery - you won't be disappointed.
Every once awhile you get nostalgic feelings for the pastoral simplicities of yester year.  For these moments there is Midwestern Meats.  You walk inside and you swear you have just entered a Norman Rockwell painting.  The decor, the patrons, the food....everything is middle America 1940's.  

The food is standard "corn fed" fare.  Decent, not spectacular.  But that's not why I go.  This is the closest thing I've found to dinner at my grandparents.  Every once in awhile it is nice to wrap yourself up in a bit of nostalgia.  This place has it.
Great meat, great prices. You cannot go wrong with any thing inside the walls of this Mesa gem. From the cannoli in the bakery, to the corn-fed beef & specialty Brats at the meat counter, everything is fresh & high quality.

Check out Midwestern Fitness for pre-made & measured whole food nutrition packs. Great for those of us who are health conscious and on the go.
Just got back from eating lunch here with my dad... and I can safely say that I won't have to eat anything for the rest of the day...possibly the rest of the weekend. 

The Bacon Cheddar Stuffed Burger I got was HUGE. It came to the table buried in lettuce, onion and tomato (which I promptly removed) as well as pickles (which I left on). I ate almost the whole burger before being tempted by a piece of Banana Cream Pie (which was AMAZING). 

My only negative is I wasn't asked how I wanted my burger cooked... and I got it a little rarer than I usually like my beef. Thankfully, the melty, gooey cheese made me forget about the pinkness of the burger.

All in all, I would recommend this place for you hungry carnivores out there. Come with an appetite. I guarantee you'll be stuffed by the time you leave.
I am a busy working mom that tries to eat healthy as much as I can and I was received a gift certificate for Midwestern Meats.  I ordered their pre-packaged meals from their website and had them delivered today - I just ate the orange roughy, pico and sweet potato for dinner and it was delish!  Super healthy and took me 2 minutes to heat up and eat.  I also ordered their steak, chicken and salmon meals and I can't wait to try them.  It's so nice to have a fresh, "clean eating" meal that is already pre-measured and ready to eat.  Perfect to take to work for lunch.  I am a fan!
Can't get em' like this any more. High quality corn fed meat from the Midwest. This place has an excellent meat market, butcher, bakery, and restaurant with home style dishes,  just like grandma use to make.  Decor and style is from the 1940'-50s just like most of the customers. Did I mention they deliver and have homemade jerky. Stop by here before your next BBQ.
The stuffed burgers they sell, awesome. Frozen cheese curds are also available here, oh yes.
Ok, its a great place to get your meat! I think its a little pricey but its not too bad. I think the quality of the meat you get is fair for the price. 

I cant say that I have tried the restaurant or bakery but all I have hear about it is great.

I went there over the holidays and I had to wait for parking. If you have to wait to park for meat, it must be good. Right?
Great quality meats, DELICIOUS bakery- I'm pretty sure we've tried everything and they're all amazing. The only con is the occasional wait as they can be pretty busy.
It has been a while since I have written a review so I thought I would share my experince at Midwestern meats. Now I have been trying to stick with my New Year's resolution and lay off the junk food. That means no take out and everything is homemade. So after a really bad experince with meat from Fry's I decided to seek out a store that still had a butcher counter and ground their own meat. Easy right? WRONG!! It is amazing what passes for "fresh" these days!

Sorry your pre frozen chubs do not count and why is the meat gray?? Seriously have these people even seen fresh meat? I have and it did not smell like old dirty mop water lol. Anyways I finally found this place thanks to yelp and decided to do a little research online by visiting their website. Now let me start off by saying their selection is really large. It is like rubbing a t-bone steak and a genie pops out to grant you all your meat filled dreams. Looking for Fred Flintstone bronto steaks? They have them. 

Thick cut pork chops? No problem! My selection included a special blend of meat for hamburgers (chuck, sirloin, and beef brisket). The resulting burgers where like a bite of heaven. The meat was brightly colored and stayed juicy on the grill. There is something to be said about doing things the right way and this place does just that. Don't take my word for it, try for yourself and taste the difference. Enough said case closed!!
This place is great for both 2 leggers (homo-sapiens) and 4 leggers (dogs)! I love going to the butcher and getting exactly what you want instead of digging through packaged meat trying to find the right piece. Their porterhouse steaks are divine, and they will even give you a "women's" cut for the petite eater. They also have leg bones for the little ones. They happened to be out and they cut a dozen bones to the dimensions I wanted. Please make sure your little one eats them outside because they do get bloody and gross. Also throw them away after they finish or they do attract ants. Obviously I have learned the hard way:( I cannot tell you how happy I have been with their steaks and yes they do cost a little bit more but the are so worth the price!!! The store reminds me of going to the butcher downtown Chicago as a child with my Mom. The place is full of older folks who do value a good piece of meat. Yummers!!!
Midwestern Meats has the best meat I have ever had. It is fresh, tender and delicious. The meat is hormone free and corn fed. They have an amazing "from scratch" bakery that can make anything you desire. The restaurant has some of the best "homemade" food I have ever had in my life. It is very reasonably priced (cheap actually). They even have buy one get one free dinners. I love this place
Food was good but the bakery was the best. Please try the Lemon Merigne pie. To die for!

The yelp app was a life saver since we had no idea where to eat.
So good! I had the cheddar cheese and bacon stuffed burger, and it was delicious! The prices are a bit on the high side, but it is worth it!
Sunday breakfast was always a tradition for us before we left PA.  There were so many little independent diners to choose from. When we relo'd to AZ, we decided to continue the tradition.

We drove by this place several times during the week and saw the guy directing traffic in the parking lot so curiosity got the better of this cat - I had to check it out. So one Sunday we headed up for brunch. It was close to noon and I think we got the last table in the house but that is not always a sign of a good place in this area. Heck, despite the economy, it seems every place is packed all the time in Phoenix!

Immediately we ordered and got three cups of coffee. At 99c a cup, the expectations were fairly low as I can't honestly say that we found much restaurant coffee out here to be great. Mostly it is so stiff that the spoon doesn't just stand up, it salutes. Anyway, the steaming brew comes and it is amazingly good!  Smooth.  Not too strong, not to watery. Goldilocks would say it was just right. And the refills kept coming. 

DS and I both ordered the Pancake sandwich - 2 eggs with 2 cakes and meat.  Nothing fancy. But the eggs were cooked perfectly and the cakes were large and hot and tender. To me there is nothing worse than a restaurant that serves a rubbery pancake or one that served as a doorstop in a prior life. These were just good pancakes.  Freshly made.

DH ordered a chorizo skillet that was a wonderfully overstuffed skillet of Chorizo, peppers, and cheese topped with eggs and a side of their home fries. The plate was loaded with tasty sausage and just the right amount of peppers. Maybe a little more cheese than it needed but still tasty.  And real home fries. Not the typical frozen cubes of potatoes. 

If you are looking for fresh quality at a reasonable price, make this a place to try soon!

We will be trying lunch and dinner soon and will update the review then!
Excellent ( consistently excellent, I might add). 

Had their Breaded Pork Tenderloin Sandwich today.  Very tasty and great service!

Thank you Midwestern Meats!
Quality beef, knowledgeable staff, great prices!  Midwest Meats is an excellent place to buy all your meat products.  If you want a special cut, just call ahead.  They're very accommodating to your needs.  Don't forget to try the baked goods from the adjoining bakery--stunning array of pastries!  If you want a damn good hamburger, get some freshly ground sirloin, peppered bacon, and some of their freshly baked buns. YUM!
Our mouth is still watering!!!!  We went here for lunch today for the first time and we're already planning our next trip.  :-)   My husband had the breaded pork sandwich and it's the best one he's had in 25 years.  I guess it's one of their most popular sandwiches and found out why.  The freshness, quality, and delectableness of this sandwich is 5-star worthy!!!!   

I had a cheeseburger and it was anything but basic. The quality of meat is immediately noticed on the first bite.  The grill marks, perfect bun, and oozy cheese form a burger harmony!  

We were too full for dessert which is too bad because there is a bakery attached to the restaurant and you can have your choice of pie slices for 99 cents w/ the order of a meal.  Next time!!  Oh, and there will be a next time!!!

Thank you, Midwestern Meats for bringing quality and a much needed taste uplift to the area. Never change!  :-)  See you soon....
My go to place for short rips and tri-tip. Growing up around the Santa Maria Valley I'm the king of tri-tip. While they don't always have it in the case, give them a few hrs notice and they will cut to order.  The bacon is great too. Keep it up guys.
Gotta watch'em closely. The other day I noticed two identical cuts of Top Sirloin with the exact label 6 ft from each other. Problem was one showed $8.99 lb. the other $11.99 lb. I asked them about it and they (without even looking) said the higher priced ones were Dry Aged. Hardly!! I know Dry Aged and neither Top Sirloin was Dry Aged.

Did anyone come out to the front of the counter to see what I was talking about. NO. They practice this type of sales deceit almost daily. PLAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO PRICES WHEN YOU SHOP THERE.
Based on the Yelp reviews, we were excited to stop in for dinner last week. Unfortunately, the meal was mediocre at best. For a butcher, we expected a good steak. While it was cooked as ordered, medium rare, the steak was tough and chewy. The hamburger was over cooked and the fries to salty to eat.
This was our 1st trip to Midwestern Meats and we will go back.  First we had Prime Rib dinner. It was melt in your mouth tender, cooked perfectly.  The only thing I would like to see more seasoning on the outside of the beef and the AuJus could have have had a bit more flavor. But I am a seasoning nut!  The beef vegetable soup was delicious, as well as the fresh rolls.  After dinner we had the 99¢ piece of pie, that was good too.  Then we went to the meat shop and to my surprise they had Pork Hocks and Side Pork.  Since moving here from Wisconsin 10 years ago I have not found these items in any grocery store.  I am delighted, I bought both.  We will be back!
This place is great for buying meats but not so sure if I will be back for a while as I have no need for rude with my pound of meat. 

I gave this place a really good review before because of the quality of meat they offer. I still stand by that review but have to say that my recent dealing with them left a bad taste in my mouth (no pun intended). I understand requesting uncommon meat blends is a pain for them but it is their job to fill that request! 

Do not want to feel like I am making someone's day harder than it needs to be just because I make a request that I have made many times in the past with no issue mind you. If not for the ability to place special orders than they would be pretty much the same as the chain supermarket meat sections. And nobody wants that!!

I guess you can call this a re-update
I spoke to someone when I went in to place a new order and she was super nice. I had no issue with placing my order this time and even got a few helpful hints. So it seems like most people at least care about what they are doing here.
The best place in Arizona to buy Fresh meat , chicken and fresh Beef jerky and the restaurant was awesome . People are very friendly as well a fun place to eat no doubt ,the owner is always there making sure all is well for his customers
Won't go back!
1st off, the staff was very friendly and welcoming. Decided to try the stuffed burgers I've been reading about. Wow!!! Awesome!!! The flavor of the meat alone was great. I had the Diablo Burger which has bacon, cheese and jalapeños inside the meat. The serve the burgers on buns made right there at their bakery.  That was one of the best burgers I've had since moving to AZ. Topped it off with a slice of coconut cream pie, which also was completely wonderful, I now have my favorite place to get a burger, will have to work thru the menu to other items.
I haven't been to the restaurant, so this review is primarily about the meat market. I have been to this place for meat numerous times, and I can't say that I have ever walked out of there happy. My first time there an extremely over zealous man helped me. I went in for some rib eyes and the whole time the guy was trying to get me to buy more food than I wanted, and getting me to put their rub on the meat I was buying. I politely refused, and he gave me a dirty look. It wasn't a horrible experience and the meat was good. The last time I went there, and what turned out to be the last time that I will go there (for meat). I was stocking up on my weeks meat, and had a decent size order. I did order two rib eyes that were for the next day. When I opened the wrapping the next day, I found one rib eye, and one NY strip. That was definitely the end for me. Either the guy gave me wrong cut on purpose for whatever reason, or he made a stupid mistake. Either way I'm done with that place. 

As for the bakery. I have only had their donuts, and they are really good. If they have them made. I went in there on Monday, and there weren't really any donuts to choose from. I had to go somewhere else. 

Pretty much I can't see myself ever going back to either store.
Tried this place one last time after the last time when they took 30 minutes for us to place an order and were out of everything.  We went for the meatloaf and chicken and dumplings today, normal Thursday menu items. Waitress took over twenty minutes to wait on us. She did communicate she was working with a large party (over 6 people) and it would be a small wait. No problem. Finally got our order in and twenty minutes after it is in the kitchen she comes back and tells us they are out of meatloaf. Last time we were there every item I picked on the menu from root beer and Mr. Pibb to the normal main courses on the menu they were out of those items too. The problems that night were blamed on a fill-in cook. We also waited forever and another waitress took our order as we were about to leave. We ended up ordering the prime rib this night because everything else we ordered was not available. The prime rib was over done and tough and certainly didn't taste like the corn fed beef I was raised on in Wisconsin. I gave them another chance because I really believed it was a bad night last time but it seems every time we go the place just gets worse.
I ordered a crown roast a week in advance of Christmas. I went to pick it up late afternoon on Christmas Eve. I was informed that they didn't have it. I had promised my Christmas guests crown roast. I understand things go wrong. But to not have the professional courtesy to call and tell me so I have time for Plan B is unforgiveable. I've probably spent a few hundred dollars there previously this year. They can kiss this business goodbye.
What a great find and not just because I'm from the midwest. They are very friendly and helpful. The bakery is awesome and you can get 2 scoopes of icecream for 50¢! Their prices on steaks and just about everything else are better than most of the other places we go. We bought several things and only spent $50..........I have let a week go by since our visit because I wanted to try a few of the things we bought before I finished my review.  The beefs cube steaks were tender and delicious.  The jalapeno and cheddar brats we bought were great.  You could actually taste the jalapeno and the cheddar.  We used the ground beef to make a meatloaf and it was perfect.  Not to much fat, but enough to flavor the meat.  We also bought some of their beef sticks, which we ate on the way home.  I have to say that they were not my favorite.  The hot was not hot at all and the regular seemed a little greasy and hard.  The 7-layer bars my gf bought were very good.  I am not a sweets person so they were mind-numbingly sweet to me, but my gf said that that is the way they are suppose to be.  We will definately go back and this time get some steaks and because there is a diner there, we will probably eat too.
Where to begin. Heard rave reviews about this place unfortunately the restaurant was not quality food! The salad was old and wilted, I had a tbone steak that was burnt and lacked seasoning. My kids disliked their food as well. The stuffed burger lacked seasoning and taste! The cod fish lacked flavor. Fifty dollars later and I left hungry and grossed out! I don't recommend this place.
Meat market is awesome! Best in quality, and selection! Can't say enough about this place! A+.......Attached restaurant is a snowbird gathering place! My husband and I are retired, and felt like teenagers again, because, we were the youngest couple in the place! The restaurant is large, clean, and staffed with friendly servers. Portions are adequate, and served in a timely fashion. Food is ok, but nothing outstanding. Menu is geared to what the older crowd would enjoy. B+ over all.
I really wish this place was closer to phx but when we can we will make the drive out there to shop. They do offer delivery service which is very helpful. the butcher shop is great. reminds me of the typical midwestern butchershop.  they also have a freezer section that has some jewels in it. one thing my wife loves is they have real midwest style cheese curds. the breaded ones.  not very healthy but a great treat.  

before i wrote my review i figured i would read some others and there seemed to be some comments about bad customer service. I only make it out there once every few months but every time we have been (bakery and butcher shop) we have had nothing but great service.  the only bad experience ive had there was not their fault but of another customer who was just rude. 

their prices are really good for quality meats.
Coming to Az from Iowa, I was so disappointed in the quality of meats that the grocery stores and places like Costco sell. This market sells great quality meats and products and I will be making the trek to Mesa on a regular basis...had a great breakfast on a Saturday morning as well. This markets meats are second to none in Arizona and is as good as any I have ever purchased anywhere! CORN FED!!!
I was craving donuts, and decided to stop in for a couple. The woman helping me seemed miserable. I ordered one chocolate frosted, and one vanilla frosted. They were both put in a bag on their side without any paper which caused most of the icing to come off onto the bag. The donuts are delicious, but they lack customer service.
Seems like people who use the butcher shop rave about the place.  

Perhaps there is a disconnect between the level of quality on the butcher shop side and the restaurant side.  One of the more difficult to eat cuts of Prime Rib I've had in a while.  

For a place that is supposed to specialize in meats, I guess you'd expect more.
Was In the area and found it on yelp ..liked the picture of the stuffed burger so ordered 2 to go  and went over the the butcher side and bought allot of wonderful stuff, pot pie and steaks, loved it..!! as i went through the bakery to pick up my burgers bought some sweets ...yum... Not so Impressed with the burgers ..Wanted to get back to the butcher so I took a friend for lunch and It was confirmed the restaurant sucks....:( sorry the rolls hard my friend "steak" awful they told us the NY strip was thicker ..??!?!? I cant see how It was soo thin...my Philly  had hard bun the meat was to thick and awful ..But I will continue to shop at the meat market  always looking for good quality meat and they do  ..Something goes very wrong with the meat on it way to the resturant ..!?!? Maybe a new COOK oh and the stringbeans with tomato side from a can disgusting ....SORRY ..!!!?!
The restaurant section is awful. The wait was horrendous and you end up getting sat at a table meant for 8 when there is just two of you! The food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor. Once the food was delivered the server was never to be found. I only gave two stars because I enjoy the meat section and the vast choices the offer back there.
Food was average but the service was terrible!  Waitress seemed totally put out at our presence and even hung her purse on a chair at a table next to ours seemingly to imply she was ready to leave but we had fouled that up by walking in.  We asked only 3 questions and were met with curt responses.  I ordered a stuffed burger and swapped my fries for the twice baked potato and still was charged the full price for the damned thing.  So my burger and potato came out to over 15 bucks with taxes and they refused to give me credit for the fries that I traded in... never again...
BUTCHER SHOP ONLY

Been a regular this butcher shop for years . . . until I moved even farther out . . . but this morning I thought some great steaks sounded good . . . so with that I decided to make the long trek back to this long forgotten butcher shop.

It was definitely worth the trip . . . the service was great . . . quick . . . and attentive . . . even though as always . . . they were extremely busy.  Not only did I pick out some great steaks . . . I also picked-up some brats / hot dogs / kabobs . . . all grilled up great.

It had been way too long since my last visit . . . but next time . . . and there will be a next time . . . it needs to be much sooner . . .
Restaurant only....we stopped in tonight and were not impressed.
5 Year old specifically ordered a hamburger, ketchup and cheese only. It came with all the fixins and we had to pick them off. He does not like pickles and did not like the juice on his bun. The bun was huge and it was hard. The cheese that he wanted stuck to the lettuce. The fries tasted like they were cooked in old oil. 
Hubby ordered a pasta dish with Seafood. He ate half and then the waitress was helping the couple at next table - the woman wanted to know about the seafood dish so the waitress asked if he liked it. His reply, "it was okay". When asked if he would order it again, he said, no, it was not that good.
Me, I ordered the Taco Salad. Took one bite and the meat-bean mixture was cold. I sent it back and it looked like it came out new (I had stirred it up), again, the meat-bean mixture was cold - I had two bites. It was tasted like lard since it wasn't warmed to the right temp. Ordered a slice of pie and mentioned to the waitress that the taco salad was cold which, it why I didn't eat it. She was going to comp the $1.00 pie. 
I mentioned at the register that I did not eat the Taco Salad and asked for it to be removed and I would pay for my pie. He offered to remove $5. That left me paying $3.99 for a Taco Salad that I did not eat. I told him that was fine but I would not be back. He said, sorry to hear that.  The couple sitting next to me did not receive the correct steak. The cook made a rib-eye instead of a strip or something to that effect. In short, the cook made an error on their order. Reading other reviews. It sounds like they need a new cook in the kitchen.
I would give the waitresses more stars, they are really hard trying to make up for lack of help in the kitchen. They were fun and joked with my son before the meal arrived. 

I recommend the butcher shop, we have been a customer for years. Their meat is good and I love their twice bake potatoes. Buy a steak and cook it at home. Skip the restaurant.
Such delicious and high-quality meat.  In order of importance: 
First, always first: Bacon.  
Next, we love the pre-formed and frozen Hamburger Patties (the only hamburgers we will grill).  They also have the filled (with cheese or other deliciousness) patties for you to buy- which are what they serve in their restaurant.  Think: your favorite savory goodness wrapped in a rotunda of mouth-watering-ground-beefness, put it on your grill, enjoy delicious flavor.  
Thirdly we buy the chuck roast, which I cook in the crock pot or pressure cooker and is bizarrely tender and delicious.  
D) Amazing steaks.  You'll be freaked out by grocery store steaks after you see how quickly these cook and how tender they are... these are natural and high quality, which makes me wonder what the crap they do to the meat at the grocery store to make it grocery store meats so nasty in comparison.
5. Chicken breast.  Huge.  Just... huge.  Dolly parton huge.  And way juicier than grocery store chicken. 
Lastly:  Stew Meat which I use to make very tender beef stroganoff.  Or stew.  

Prices same/comparable to any grocery store's regular meat prices. 

They also have dog bones for you to buy for your Woofie-shaped friends.
My husband and I ate here last week in their restaurant and we were not disappointed. I had the New York strip steak, and he had the burger with mushrooms and plenty of cheese. We absolutely loved the taste of our choice meats.  We plan to go back very soon, the restaurant is wonderful. I have not ordered from the deli yet, but I have heard that is where they really shine, so it is planned for next time.
First I went to the bakery.  Which is great yummy yummy stuff! Great pies and fresh bread.  The ice cream is only 50 cents! Then after weeks of this I tried the butcher shop. Unbelievable good pork chops! And bacon is wonderful! Family loved that meal I made.  Tried to get in to eat at restaurant but too packed with snowbirds :( came back with my husband and kids and are this summer after snowbirds finally left. And wow! My ribeye sandwich was great.  My husband loves his taco salad. My daughters both got chef salads and they were so huge they couldn't finish them.  The prices are unbelievably great!!! Then we found out that Monday-wed they take care of locals by offering two for one meals.  So of course we have been back alot.  In the winter the snowbirds will be back but for now this is a great deal and place.  It is on our top 5 places to eat! I give it a thumbs up!!!
I've only ordered bakery goods so far but they have been great,  we ordered 2 piecakes last time and they were awesome.  It's a pie baked into the middle of a cake.  I got them for a graduation party and they were a huge hit.  I placed my order through the website and they were very quick to respond and stay in touch.  When I went into pick them up they also had some dog treats that I snatched up too.  Over all the experience was great, well worth the 20 minute drive from our house. Thanks again for the service and food
How come there are no decent super- or not-so-supermarkets west of ASU?  I really don't desire shopping at Circle K for my dinner of potato chips and beer.  However, I did spy this little Japanese market and descended on it like a displaced Asian American surviving in a state with an Asian population LESS THAN the national average of 4%!

Alas, since I had recently stocked up at Lee Lee, I was disappointed at the selection here.  Sure, they have a nice selection of sake and sauces, as well as other Japanese munchies (soy crackers and hyper-packaged candies), they didn't have any meats or produce!  Don't tempt me with bags of frozen gyoza and a freshly made $3.99(!!!)  unagi rice bowl when I'm trying to learn how to cook from scratch.

This may very well be a meeting place for Japanese Tempians, as they have a fairly active corkboard with messages both in Japanese and English.  They also have a bookshelf of Japanese language videos and mags, but its no Kinokuniya Bookstore.  Ah, San Francisco, I still miss you much!
Love at first sight!  Fujiya has come to my rescue so many times!  If you ever go carb-free, they have these amazing yam noodles you can buy in the refrigerated section for less than $3.00.  They are not open on Monday's or most holidays, so watch out!  The sushi, when they have it is the BEST.  Ok, I am not exagerrating--The Best.  They wrap the rolls tight, and the sushi's only made in early afternoon.  What they make is all they put out, so you know it's fresh.  The fish balls (rice triangles with stuffing inside and seaweed outside) are so delicious I could live off of them, in tuna, salmon or plum stuffing.  They also have a pretty wide variety of teas (both in boxes and in the bottles in their refrigerated section.)  The candy aisle is also a blast.  I bring something new and exciting back to the office on every trip (i.e. chocolate mushrooms or hazelnut flavored tree stump-shaped candies.)  There are also movies to rent and little toys and trinkets for sale.  The service is also very friendly and professional.  They don't serve alcohol, but they do sell bottles of it.  You can't stay there and eat, but I would drive 50 miles for this sushi!!!
A nice little Japanese grocer.  They were helpful and made some great product recommendations.
Best Feature: Bento

Fujiya is noticeably different from most Japanese establishments in Arizona in that it's owned and run completely by Japanese.  As such, they run the place like a real "conbini" in Japan.  As you enter, all of the workers great you with an "Irraishaimase" and you can peruse the isles filled with certain things you can't find in the Japanese section of LeeLee (Like Gabunomi and Qoo).

The place reminds me of the Nijiya chain in CA.  The Bentos are pretty much the best in the area.  A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Best value sushi in town. 

For only $6 and some changes, I got a bowl of sushi with 4 different kind of fish, a few squids, and fish eggs. What a bargain! The fish are in thin slices, and arranged beautifully. Well prepared rice with a bit of seaweeds. Served cold but not chill is another plus. 

The only downside is wasabi in a package. On well, it is still sushi in a takeout bowl after all.
Small, but well stocked.  All of the Japanese basics are here.  It's nice to have a local Japanese grocer and not have to resort to an Asian-Mega-Mart.  There's not a lot of fresh produce, but great frozen and dry goods options.  I'll have to try the prepared food sometime.  They were sold out for the day by the time I went in the afternoon.
This place is overpriced but given that it's the only market that sells real Japanese goods within the Tempe area, I guess you have the ability to charge whatever you want.  

What I do like the best about this place are the authentic Japanese treats (like dango and an-pan)!
This place and New Tokyo Market are the only Asian places I've found so far in Arizona that's really JAPANESE.    The store is pretty small but has enough things to stock up your pantry until your next trip to L.A.  

*Cosmetics/Bathroom = ok selection
*Rice = several kinds
*Snacks = plenty
*Dried stuff = plenty (Curry, Dried Seaweed, etc)
*Frozen stuff = good amount (Natto, Udon, Ramen, Tsukemono, etc)
*Drinks = good selection of Japanese soft drinks

The one complaint I have is that they don't have fresh fruits or vegetables.  You can find them in other markets like Asiana market or Lee Lee's.
Instant lunch - pick up some excellent Sushi, or Beto Box lunch, along with Green Tee Ice Cream - instant picnic!  Quick and Easy!  I've enjoyed everything that I have picked up there.

Can't testify to the rest of the store as I've only done lunches from there - the people that work there are all very nice - definitely feels like a traditional Japanese store.
3-stars might seem a little low for a place that holds so dear to my heart but I assure you it's accurate.

Fujiya has been the best Japanese-only market I've found to date in any city, they have items I would have never dreamed to have found elsewhere!

While my friends constantly recommend places like Lee-Lee's and other Asian market's assuring me they have such neat Asian delicacies I adamantly refuse to stray from Fujiya knowing nothing can compare to the rare finds and fresh lunches they prepare.

There are unfortunately downsides to Fujiya Market, one being the hours of operation, I believe they normally close at around 7pm almost every day of the week.
I don't know what kind of person can get off work at 5pm and make it down to University & Priest on a weekday (not to mention friday) to still comfortably shop at Fujiya.

The only other downside to Fujiya and this being the largest problem I've noticed for the past ~4 years is the uncomfortable setting non-asians receive when shopping around.

I understand a large fan base of this Japanese market is annoying young anime watching teens but it seems to me that they don't prefer non-japanese speaking customers in general.

I receive no customary greeting when entering the store (as stated by Dan B.) and it is as if every time I go to ring up my incredibly large order of random Japanese foods the person at the till is sighing at me. This is more than a one time fluke as I've been a long time and most docile shopper here at Fujiya. 
So unfortunately 3 stars is all I've seen fit for this traditional Japanese Market. apologies for the long review!
For being a smaller store they have real good prices. Unlike some of the smaller asian stores here in town where they charge a lot. Fujiya is always stocked up with great items and is always clean and doesn't smell like some other stores. The staff is friendly and always helpful. The cashier girl is cute too!

They have the cheapest price for my favorite Japanese candy, only 0.69 for hi-chews!!!
the Bento boxes are awesome, as well as the cheap sushi.
the yakiniku is by far my fav, next to the Spam onigiri.

: D
I live in Scottsdale, and I really love driving down to this little japanese market-  I should also mention next door is a Japanese bakery that has mostly European style miniature cakes and mousse's alongside some traditional sweets!

The supermarket isnt too big- but has a lot of stuff food wise going on! Various types of soy sauce, mirin, ponzu, wakame, nori, fresh miso pastes(FROM JAPAN!) , mushrooms, udon noodles, fishes, pre-made frozen foods and some packaged food, wide variety of snacks and sweets! They really dont have a fresh/veggie section of the market which is a shame- would really enhance the store! 
They also in the late morning/early afternoon make lunch meals to go! Where can you get a chirashi with salmon, tuna, squid, surf clam, salmon roe and albacore for UNDER $7 !!! Its quite the steal and I love their Unagi dish, that eel sauce drags me in every time.
I should also mention many of the items have no english text written on them, so it might be a good idea to ask- I had to get some help with buying miso paste, red, white, aged, mixed?! ALL FIT well in my belly :)
I wish this place was a TAD bit closer, but worth driving to get my japanese food staples.
I just moved here from Chicago where there's a huge Japanese community, so I was fairly surprised at the collection of goods sold here since there doesn't seem to be quite as large a group of Japanese people in Tempe.  The store is pretty spacious, and they sell the basic foods one would miss if from Japan like curry, udon, ramen, ochazuke, etc  They also sell some housewares and rent out a small collection of videos that have current Japanese tv shows recorded on them.  The prices are basically the same as where I'm from (which is slightly more than I'd like to pay), but that can be expected seeing as most things are probably shipped from Japan.   Still, the people are nice, the goods are plentiful, and the prices are sort of right, so I'll be back.
I Love LOVE this place- and while I currently live in Chicago next to the Baron of Japanese Markets- Mitsuwa, I love this place even more. Although it is not as large as Mitsuwa and doesnt have the same variety, service is spot on and the prepared foods are delicious!!

I ended up buying a nigiri plate, and an unagi dish served on rice!
Good selection of dry goods, personal care products, and household items in a smaller Japanese market. I just moved here after living in Asia so glad that this market is so close to my apartment. I'll try the sushi next time. But I did check out the sake selection. That was nice too! I do yearn for fresh fruits and veggies there, but I'm still a fan. Nice smiling guys working there too.
absolutely love fujiya market
while i am not proficient in my reading of kanji characters
i usually just let my stomache dictate what im gonna buy
and you just cant go wrong here
the bento boxes are made fresh daily, and you never know what they're gonna have
the sushi is phenomenal and also made fresh daily
i love the ease and affortability this market offers
anyone and everyone in the greater hipster compton area should patronize el mercado de fujiya!
this a really great market, and they whip up some really fresh and cheap bento boxes, teriyaki bowls, and nigiri.  if you're going for the bentos, they are limited quantity and can sell out early... plan ahead!

this is a great little family owned business with quality products for a cheap price... support their business!
Definitely a big fan of this place. The bento box is a ton of food and comes out to just over $7.00 with a drink.  The sushi that comes with the meal seems very fresh and this place is hard core Japanese. Case in point, see how many times the guy behind the counter bows while you're talking to him.  I will definitely be back!
Great market; love the bento boxes.
Okay the selections are limited.
Good spot to go to when I'm in Tempe.
wish I could give this place more stars but the shelves here are pretty much always empty and out of stock items take sometimes as long as three months to get back in stock, no kidding...The staff is usually apparently unaware that you have entered the store or way to cool to be friendly-even my Japanese wife feels uncomfortable coming in this place...
Tiny little store, somewhat reminiscent of the stores in the Kinokuniya building of Japantown, San Francisco.  What really made me fall in love with this place was the sight of my favorite brand of frozen takoyaki!  Selection in general is limited, and they ran out of a few items when we were there, but this is still a great place to get Japanese items.
Ok the first time I came here, I was very disappointed in the selection of items, especially after reading previous review. BUT, then I realized that I went at a bad time, it was the end of the day and they sold out of everything! I recently went back at the store opening time and a lot happier with the market. They sell freshly made bentos, made in house, and they are perfect for microwaving at home or in the market for a cheap and satisfying meal. The key is to get there early, bc they are limited and run out quick, but they have a good variety of bentos.

One draw back is that it is smaller than expected, so if you come from a place like SoCal, where Japanese markets were like large grocery stores with mini stores and restaurants located inside, you might not be too happy.
I wish Fujiya was closer to me now that I'm no longer a student at ASU.  The best bento boxes and rice balls (onigiri).  Plus they have my favorite brand of milk tea (kirin), it's not cheap, but what Japanese thing is?  Totally worth it by the way.  Everyone should go and try it.

Don't expect this place to carry everything you'd want (it's pretty small), but it has most of the basics and even some things that other places don't carry.
Not sure what it is about Japanese food - but I seriously love it - Sushi, Teriyaki... yum.   I come here to get the Bento boxes that are made everyday.  There are fish, chicken, and combination Bento boxes.  It's a relatively cheap lunch - like $4 for a small Bento and $6 for a large one.  It's high quality food for the price.
This is a very neat little place! Small, but nice. They have a good selection and it's easy to browse. I picked up some mochi ice cream... delicious!
Yay for Fujiya Market! 
Tiny market tucked away in a corner, but worth the drive. I had no idea it existed until recently (yay to Yelp!). Since moving out here, I miss my Japanese ingredients, Japanese candies, anything Japanese (including shampoos & conditioners). That being said, it is a small market so the selection is somewhat limited, but it's better than any other place I've found in "the valley." 
An added plus: you can get (for good price) a quickie meal (bento box, katsu-curry, etc). And it tastes Japanese (as opposed to having an "Americanized flavor")... you can tell it's authentic. This place has saved me on many occasions when I didn't feel like cooking and just wanted a premade meal.
Only place I've found in the valley to get a variety of sushi grade fish so that's a huge plus in my book.
In Tokyo, this would be considered a very large location  with a very small inventory.

In Tempe, I consider this a family-owned Japanese QuickieMart.  It's a convenience store with Japanese fare.  Prices are very high and selection is very low.

The fresh produce as touted by several is disappointing.  

If it's a Japanese QuickieMart you are looking for, this is it.
The selection has gone down here :( and that totally makes me and the hubs sad, cuz there are certain things that we liked getting here, specifically. We hope certain items will come back. 

I like this store because the things we do buy here we can't find elsewhere. I also like the variety and quality here. Rice varieties, eggs, nato, other Japanese foods (don't know they names of - sometimes I just try new things from the fridge ;)), etc. I know that they choose quality stuff here, so even though we are a bit far, we'll make the drive out!

The bento boxes are also delish! This is pretty much one of the few places where you can get bento boxes with the selection it comes with, so we enjoy it when we can! Tried pretty much most of them. Can't really go wrong, but if your picky, sorry... you're missin out!

Service is good. They employees are always helpful. Thanks!
one of the best places for sushi, bentos, and green tea. I've been a regular customer for more than 10 years. I don't know how they keep their prices so unbelievably great for the excellent quality they provide.
Quite a far drive for me, but worth the trip! The onigiri here is amazing!
They have a selection of interesting items but when I went it seemed that the shelves were quite empty in the dry grocery section.
There was a lot of stuff in the refrigerated section, especially in the drink cooler.
I didn't get to try them, but the bento boxes looked amazing.
They have a cute little dining area where you can heat up anything you buy and sit down and eat it.
The staff was very helpful and nice! They told us about getting free onigiri by simply liking them and checking in on Facebook!
I'll definitely be coming back for more!!
My Japanese teacher recommended Fujiya because it's hard to find onigiri in Arizona. From its location and description, I was expecting more inventory. Their candy selection alone is mediocre at best. They don't even carry the most popular of brands. A good 1/4th of their shelves were so barren that I almost wondered if Fujiya is going out of business. I would at least think that an effort would be made to distribute what they sell in a more appealing way.

They did have what I was looking for, though - onigiri/obento. Unfortunately, a lot of the food in the bento was tsukemono. Still, it's a store worth a visit once in a while if the drive isn't as far for you as it was for me.
Okay, just got back recently from two weeks in Japan and was craving some of the food one can get in a Japanese convenience store, of which there are many in Tokyo. Stopped in on my way home from work and while not the selection one would have in Japan some wonderfully reasonably priced bentos (about $4), and rice balls, including one with my beloved salty plum paste, and as I grew up in Hawaii, I was happy to pick up the last remaining spam musubi they had in the fresh food area! 

As someone else noted, a lot of space but not that much inventory but hey, I'm happy just to be able to pick up a bento and and I'm going to come here a lot as it is not only authentic but it does not break the bank. If you like Japanese food, good place to stop. I am sure you will find something worth buying! :-)
This store is a poor excuse for a Japanese market. They have a horrible selection, the prices are beyond outrageous and the customer service is a joke. I am disappointed to learn that this is one of the few Japanese markets in town. I'll drive to Marukai/Mitsuwa in Costa Mesa, CA before I spend another dime here.
I grew up eating bentos since I'm from Hawaii and I was thrilled to find this store. The bentos here are delish!! You do have to come early to get them tho since I believe they do run out quickly. I once stopped in during the mid afternoon and they were all sold out.  Now I usually stop by around 11 am.  

The store inventory is pretty low but I don't really care since I just come here for their bentos and aloha maid drinks.
Get there around 11 and grab some bento boxes! They're great!
Each Saturday, there's a limited serving of Japanese noodles from ramen to udon to whatever. It's fresh and authentic. I have eaten ramen all over Japan, SoCal, NorCal and throughout the world. Trust me on this!

So this place is not a restaurant, by the way. It's actually a small grocery market that they set up some plastic chairs and tables in the corner of the store. You can actually buy bento boxes or other food items or drinks and sit down to enjoy it. It's a local Japanese grocery store!

Ok, but back to the ramen/udon. Each week, you can check on their facebook page for the noodle bowl of the week. You come in and order and there's really small staff in the back preparing your food. Everyone in there is Japanese and speaks Japanese. I actually sat with these two old Japanese ladies that came in for ramen and we talked about Japan and AZ when they first got here in the 1960s. That was awesome.

Like I said before, it gets pretty packed and they run out of noodles usually in an hour. Come early and eat the delicious food. You can walk over to the freezer and buy yourself a Japanese drink too. Afterwards, you can go next door to the Japanese bakery and get dessert.

There's really no other place like this in the Phoenix area so come try it out.
This place isn't bad. I was torn between 3-4 stars.

The people working here are really polite and helpful.
The lunch boxes are pretty good, not something to kill for, but I'd rather go here than to some of the Japanese restaurants in Phoenix. If you're looking for something good, but don't have time to sit and order, this place is a great place to go to.

The selection of dried and frozen goods is pretty standard, not all of it is from Japan, I was super disappointed that the black mushrooms were all from China.

Things I found here that I liked:
-cups made in japan
-snacks from japan
-artwork and clothes "designed" by residents in arizona
-pretty good selection of dried and canned goods
-really polite staff

There are some awesome finds here, but don't count on this market to to blow you away; keep expectations low and you'll be surprised and happy when you leave.
Fujiya Market is a great place if you want authentic Japanese products and ingredients. Their selection is pretty ample given the store size and they are always in stock. A few items rotate in and out sporadically so that would be my only complaint.

There's not much to say when it comes to a market, but Fujiya goes above and beyond by providing an assortment of bentos for shoppers. Best tip would be to go when they open since there is a bigger selection. Another thing that makes my stomach happy is that almost every Saturday, Fujiya sells ramen and it's probably one of the best things to start out your Saturday with.

And when you're done with that, one can head right on over to Arai Pastry next door for some desserts.
Adorable little market with a good selection of things. Candy, snacks, food type items, and pre-made lunches. The workers there are very polite and helpful. And yes, if you were wondering, they *do* have Redbean pastries in the freezer, "Taiyaki" YESS!!
I like that they have Japanese bento style meals.
Their lunches are delicious, authentic, and inexpensive. I've stopped in around dinner time and picked from what was left of their bento selection. It still tasted fresh hours later and it was discounted for clearance from an already excellent price. Their onigiri was tasty and very filling for an item that cost just over a dollar. According to the cashier, the chefs make the dishes in a certain order: bento boxes are prepared at 11:30 AM and the rice bowls are made around 12:30 PM. So, keep that in mind if you're stopping in for lunch. 

As for the market portion, the selection was quality but not extraordinarily large. It fit my needs as far as far as miso soup, nori, and mochi ice cream went. Definitely carries some hard-to-find items for reasonable prices, but it's a bit limited as far as markets go. Small produce selection, frozen/packaged meat selection was small in itself, didn't note any fresh meat. Good for treats and snacks that you can't find elsewhere, but don't go in expecting too much for home cooking supplies.

All in all, Fujiya Market will definitely become a regular lunch and treat stop for me. Can't wait to try their unagi bowl, especially since it seems so rare in even upscale local Japanese restaurants!
The market is perhaps okay.  It is however very tiny.  I was not that impressed.  Did not buy anything as I did not see anything that I wanted.
Two places I go to almost 2-3 times a week they add right next door to each other. One place serves traditional Japanese style ramen, this ramen is really good, I mean really good. So good they only serve a limited amount of bowls!!!! 30-40 bowls and once they're out they're out... Fresh noodles, fresh meats, and fresh veggies all in one bowl. And the broth oh my gosh the broth!!! Flavorful and tasty. It's all located in a small Japanese market family owned. I also do some of my shopping there when I have time. They have Japanese candy and other good snacks, Japanese beer, saki and wine as well. They pretty much have it all if you know what to look for from Japanese mayonnaise to fresh horse radish. They even have natto which is a fermented Japanese soy bean that smells and taste like feet but is so good for you, it is an acquired taste.  

The place next door is a Japanese bakery, they serve great sweets, cakes, pies, shakes oh my. And fresh bread baked daily. Speaking of the bread they serve some of the best Japanese sandwiches I've ever tasted. The beef sukiyaki is my meal of choice, they also have matcha cakes which is really hard to find in Arizona they fact that they make this blows my mind. And the owners are so kind, so polite and so friendly I only wish I found this place out sooner.
No need to make the trip over but they have good lunch boxes (bento). The sauce was a bit sweet.  The prices are reasonable and the chef cares about his food.  Now on Saturdays they only serve about 30 ramens only at 11:30am.  He peeps them one at a time.  So it's not quick service.  The chef will prepare only one kind that day.  They set up tables so you can eat there.  If you're in the area stop by but if not no need to make a trek over.
After reading all the glowing reviews about their ramen, we had to check it out. We arrived on time and were #11&12. They only had 30 bowls that day. It's not your regular restaurant atmosphere, it's more of small grocery store with a side kitchen. 
We had the soy based ramen and while the noodles were delicious, the soup( which I think is one of the most important part of ramen ) was too salty. There was only 1 slice of pork and not enough toppings for my liking. Not bad for $6 but I expected more.
I spent some time in Japan so I go here when I need a fix.  I stock up on the canned coffee and grab a couple of bentos.  Everything is authentic Japanese so it's like being back there again.
They have a decent selection of pantry staples but I'm giving this place 5 stars for having really well made bento and for carrying the Japanese version of the Choco Taco, the Morinaga Monaka. (Which is way better)

For the bento I had the tempura eel bowl and the nori bento. All rice bowls seem to have more food then you think and eating just one $4 bowl left me pretty full in combination with a curry bun from Arai next door. I didn't think cold fried food could be good but these bento bowls have turned me into a fast convert. Can't wait to try the sushi next.

I'll be back for sure whenever I want some well made bentos that range from a very sensible $4-$8.

Hopefully one day this place will grow into a Nijiya sized market for Phoenix.
I like visiting ethnic stores and being amused with authentic foods they carry. Fujiya Market is small grocery with Japanese foods and bright (tacky?) magazines. It has little Japanese community corner. Worth a visit.
Checked their hours online & called to verify *for that day*. Drove 45 minutes to their store only to see a sign that read, "Be back in 2 hours." Absolutely absurd! Thanks for wasting my time & not informing me of this on the phone.
Really nice Japanese Market.
Everything very fresh and nice.
Only negative is slightly limited selection, I was missing a few products I couldn't find.
Prices are very reasonable.
Highly recommend.
This place is great! The store its self is a little run down, lacks some merchandise, and is overall fairly bare; however, I didn't go there for snacks or ingredients! I went there for the meals they make fresh daily and man was I impressed! They had a variety of Bento boxes, onigiri, and even a sushi bowl! I finally found a place that makes authentic Japanese food, that's super inexpensive, delicious, and fresh! The Bento box was around $3.50, onigiri around $1.50, and the sushi bowl I believe was around $5. They don't have a ton to choose from but, what they do have I great! I went last Saturday and I have gone 3 times since! They also have a pretty good selection of Japanese drinks, candy, and snacks. Oh! There is also a cute little Japanese bake store next door and trust me I will be trying that out today! If you're looking for delicious, affordable, Japanese food this is the place to go! I highly recommend it!!
I love their riceballs! Get there early before they sell out!
Had Tonkatsu Ramen here on Saturday, not as good as when I was in Tokyo, but I missed this king of soups so much! The grocery store is great, with quality Japanese goods that are hard to get in Arizona.
Get their (salmon) bento boxes and their onigiri! I frequent this place a lot due to my current living arrangements, so I have seen their off and on days. It's great to go here when they are all stocked up for a quick lunch and a drink. Their inventory is pretty lack-luster but I feel like what they do have is good quality. 

In regards to the food, everything is super fresh and made with care! The people who work there are very polite. They have small and large bentos with a nice variety of home-made goodness.  The only thing I wish is if I could customize a pre-ordered bento a little bit. I understand that Fujiya is not a restaurant in regards to customization, but if it was, I would be a serious patron. The price for this surprisingly filling box is worth going to, if  you live near by. 

They need to make this operation bigger.
I don't remember the first time I went to Gentle Strength.  That's not their fault in any way - I was just too young.  My mom was a peaceful hippie going to ASU the year they opened.  The next year - presto - me.  I hear we went there now and then.  All I remember was lots of patchouli and eating banana chips.  I still love banana chips but I digress...   In the mid 80's my brother was put on a "special" diet to help curb hyperactivity (Good-bye chocolate, Hello carob) and back we went to Gentle Strength.  It had been several years since we'd gone and I remember my mom saying how much it had changed.  She would hardly recognize the place now.

Gentle Strength moved to a new location recently and this has given them lots of room to stretch their wings.  I hadn't been there in years, but I went for the first time (as an adult - no banana chips needed to keep me happy) a few weeks ago.  I have decided that I will be a regular.  It was one of the best shopping experiences I've had in a LONG time.  Yes, shopping experience.  No free samples, dance music or water slides - but the people were just amazing. And not just the folks who worked there. People shopping said "Hi" to each other - and to me.  I had a 10 minute conversation with a guy who'd been a member for more than 20 years.  By the end of my 30 minutes there I'd joined in the spirit and when someone asked me if I knew where something was I walked her on over, helped her read some smaller labels - sharing opinions and a laugh.  

You don't have to be a member to shop there, but it does have it's privileges. (See web site for details) 

Their products are awesome.  I saw some basics that I've seen other places, but I saw tons of stuff that I just don't see at other stores.  From their awesome selection of easy to make Asian food, amazing looking produce, the super bulk foods, the great selection of "Newman's Own" right next to products that were made locally, and lunch/dinner options that include their great pre-made section (from sandwiches to tabbouleh salad) and their smoothie/sandwich/salad bar spot - everything was great.  My personal favorite, and new addiction, was their Cinnamon Sweet Potato and Corn Chips.  Freaking amazing. 

Here's the most important thing for everyone else to know.  When talking w/ that long term member I found out that they lost a huge chunk of their walk in traffic when they had to move to this new location.  They are hurting financially.  There's no massive corporation behind them to help them get through the rough spots, and no other valley location to help balance out the transition period at this location.  

Gentle Strength is a valley tradition to folks who love natural foods, or are living vegan or vegetarian.  With the popularity of this market, we now have Sprouts, Wild Oats and the others offering this same thing, and at locations that may be closer to you.  As you're able, I'd really hope that folks keep visiting Gentle Strength, because this is one piece of Valley history that we don't want to fade away.

UPDATE: Rest in peace Gentle Strength, Rest in peace....
Goodbye Gentle Strength!  You were a pretty good store and I'm really sorry to see you go.  

GS carried some great products that you couldn't find anywhere else, but aside from being "family" run there was nothing dramatic to set it apart from Sprouts or Wild Oats.  I guess the campus just didn't have the customer base to keep a little hippy-food shop thriving.

Ah well.  Cheers to you Gentle Strength!

View the AZ Repuplic story here:
http://www.azcentral.com/community/tempe/articles/0228tr-gentle0228Z10.html#
I shed a tear the day the co-op closed. I had been going there for over ten years, I knew the staff, I was a member, I had worked in the garden and recycled my glass long before Tempe did it for me.  They carried Doctor Bronner's, Quorn, Big Sky soda and delicious tempeh sandwiches. They were the first place I turned when I was sick, bought my first netty pot there and learned of numerous home remedies from the helpful staff. I loved that place. No Whole Foods or Trader Joe's will ever com close to the unique and truly organic home grown experience that was the Co-op.
GS Coop made the MOST delicious vegan carrot muffins. If anyone knows the recipe, I would be thrilled to get it. The muffins were huge, moist and delicious. My favorite, I would get them as often as I could. I miss GS...
If you like beef jerky, this is the place to go.  They have a large selection of different types of jerkys. In addition to jerkys they also sell dried fruits, candies, biscotti's, bagel chips, cookies, nuts, etc.  If you buy so much, they usually throw in something extra.
This place is located at the Plaza casino hotel on the 3rd floor, across from the bingo hall.  A lot of people don't know this place exists but I've been going for 9 years.  Prices have gone up of course but are still reasonable.  The last time I was there, they still had 1 pound bags of beef jerky for 9 bucks but not as many flavors as in the past.  They also do mail order.  It would be nice if they opened a location on the strip.  Mostly caters to Hawaiians.  The cheap jerky is decent, sometimes fatty which I like.  The more expensive, 8 ounces for 9 bucks is better cuts.  Definitely worth the trip downtown if you like inexpensive beef jerky.  They carry a wide selection of other cured meats, dried shrimp, dried fruits, trail mixes and enough snacks to give you a stroke.
A+
This place is found in Downtown Vegas inside the Plaza Casino Hotel when you enter the Casino from the famous front entrance go left and right to the left take the escalator up then take the second set of escalator across from the chapel and there you are, since most of the time i stay in downtown this is the first place i hit before starting my fun. The two things i must get everytime is the Teriyaki Beef Steak nuggets and the Cherry/Cranberry shortbread cookies and peanut butter cookies. Once in a while i'll get candy depending on my mood i used to always get these chocolate mints but they dont make them anymore. They sell all kinds of jerky's, candy, nuts cookies, and other goodies that you may want to eat or try.  So if you ever are in downtown Vegas stop by this place for some snacks you can't go wrong.
Karen's Gourmet Almond Butter Shortbread cookies for the win. 

On the way to Vegas, the topic was not buffets, restaurants, desserts, drinks, clubs, etc. that was talked about but my friend's friend was raging about these shortbread cookies that we must get or we ain't leaving Las Vegas. Sounds like a great idea not to get them because I sure don't mind not leaving LV :D! 

Anyway, this place felt hidden. I dont even remember how we found the place but we sure had to go through flights of stairs and escalators and cut through certain corners before we reached the destination. 

I feel ridiculous and a bit ashamed for not getting ANY jerky because the whole time i was in there, i thought cookies were the only important thing to try! 

Shame on me... hm, I actually thought about creating a whole separate yelp page for Karen's Gourmet cookies but then the sugar rush I'm getting from these heavenly cookies got me all antsy and when that happens, i think it's just better that i stay put and not create anything of any sort because something ridiculous might happen. Okay, i am just rambling on about non-sense now. 

Anyway, these cookies definitely tasted traditional, homemade and rich. Every bite of these cookies tasted perfectly light in texture and had a nice creamy flavor with a kick of whatever certain taste you chose. I personally chose the almond butter as mentioned earlier and it was absolutely mouth-watering!
Been going there for at least a decade. I always get that soft Teriyaki nuggets, the shortbread cookies, and maybe a chocolate something (note: do not leave chocolate in the car; you'll have a chocolate brick!).

Hawaii folks know about it; It's probably one of the few things in walking distance from the California that's not simply another place to gamble.  One time I took some non-Hawaiian friends there and at first they were like "wth, where are you taking me?" But then we got in and they found stuff they liked.  They even told their friends so I think I started something.

I'll give it a 4 since the prices have gotten a little high in the last few years... (I mean if Hawaii had a trader joe's...)  but still, great place that I try to go to when I go by downtown.
A friend recommended this place for their jerky so when I knew I had to check this place out. Since my companion hadn't seen the old Vegas - it was a perfect opportunity to come out here to Palace Hotel to check out the jerky. The store is on the 3rd using the elevator and it's hidden. I asked someone at the bell desk and they get asked several times a day about the location of this place. I'm just glad I found it. So stepping into the store I discovered the jerky and the bagel chips. My friend had never mentioned the bagel chips so I decided to try the Parmesan cheese garlic flavored one. Very tasty and trust me this one was gone in a day. One container is not enough - I could eat that myself. They also have some sweet flavored bagel chips (cinnamon/chocolate). 

It took me awhile to narrow down my choices for beef jerky. I really like the beef nuggets so I got the teryaki flavor. It was a bit too salty for me so I will go with the regular flavor next time. The beef jerky in strips I thoroughly enjoyed the regular flavor (smokey). The jerky was also gone quickly. It's so easy to spend money at this store - everything is so tempting. Where to draw the line? At $8.50 for the nuggets and $8.25 for the bagel chips - it was a steal.
They have just moved across the street into the Las Vegas Club, ground floor.
da kine is all ohana and everybody git plenty of aloha.
git all kine of jerky and nuts but i like da kine, "karen's cookies", specially da "green mochi frog" cookie. da tings stay so "ono".
da price not bad for dat kine stuff too an eva ting stay fresh lied dat!!! 
go ova dea fo chek'um out. las vegas club, 1st floor, by da elevators and escalators.
i like da kine plain cashew nut an da dry shrimps, lik dat,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

aloha!
Nitrate heaven.

Salt valhalla.

The jerky store called. It's out of me. (I miss it, but I'm never downtown early enough in the evening.)

They have so many different kinds of dried meaty goodness it's hard to know where to begin (I recommend the peppered nuggets in the silver pouches). If beef's not your thing, they have clam, ahi, turkey, pork  and other jerkies as well, along with dried fruits, nuts, candy and Hawaiian junk food.

Between the 2 lbs of jerky that inevitably come home with me and the deep fried Twinkie from Mermaids, trips downtown are starting to get pretty unhealthy.

(Note: The shop has temporarily relocated to the Las Vegas Club during the remodeling of the Plaza.)
well, just got back from Vegas and spent a night downtown and of course HAD to go visit Las Vegas Jerkys in their temporary home at the Vegas Club.  I hope that when they go back to the Plaza, they get a ground floor stall.  The 1 pound bags of islander brand jerky is now 11.50, still way cheaper than the norm 18 to 20.  and still just as tasty.  just love this place!  can't say much more
A must do every time I go Vegas!
The beef jerky, bagel chips are the best!!!
As a habitual snacker, I love LVJE.  During my last LV trip, this was one of the top places on my shopping list.  Even though we initially didn't realize that LVJE moved locations a while back (from The Plaza) and despite the brutal winter weather outside, our entire family - including the kids - continued on the journey.

It was totally worthwhile (granted, it was my first time visiting LVJE, but I had occasionally received omiyage from there in the past and liked the treats).  The place is pretty small and the aisles are quite narrow, but there's enough room for the averagesized individual to walk through it while using the store's hybrid grocery basket / cart (ingenious, btw, since it allowed my fiveyearold nephew to hold on to my items while I shopped lol).

There's a lot of variety here in terms of sweet, salty and/or spicy snacks, as well as a few sugarfree candies.  I chose to buy the garlic bagel chips, cinnamon bagel chips and pepper beef jerky.  I spent well over $30, but it was worth every penny.  The beef jerky was especially great to bring along with me during the remainder of trip, particularly during long car rides. 

Since then, my parents have taken another trip to LV.  They returned with two boxes of the almond butter shortbread cookies for me.  Within a few days, I had devoured them all =D

I'm going back to LVJE at the end of this month - whoo hoo!
Las Vegas Jerky
18 E Freemont Street ground floor Las Vegas Club. 
Hours 9-9 Mon - Sat,  9 - 5 Sunday

Friendly staff, still good place to get omiyage
This is a must stop before heading home.  I always get the same old stuff:

Mac Nut Shortbread Cookies
Beef Jerky (card shaped)
Beef Nuggets 
Bagel Chips

If you purchase a certain $ amount they will box and deliver to your downtown hotel.  They also have a carry on box if youre hand carrying your omiyage onto the plane.
Because of sweetie pie Yelp this place came to me in a dream...
 J/K (Just kidding) This place showed up as a result of another search...
Anyhow, after the Lei Day Festivities in the parking lot of the California Hotel we decided to walk to Las Vegas Club and check this place out...
It is small but full of yummy interesting snacks so we chose a few-

1. Fruit Flavored Beef Jerky - This beef was marinated in Strawberry Syrup. The meat was sweet and you did taste the strawberry syrup.
2. Karen's Gourmet Almond Butter Shortbread - It was OK - my daughter loved it - I don't care too much for hard cookies and these were not soft at all.
3. Chile Lemon Mango - This was a disappointment because I love sour stuff and this was not sour - sure it had lemon but not enough, actually I think salt could have (should have) been added.
4. Chocolate Cinnamon Bagel Chips - This was the best of the lot for me. I think the chocolate bagel chips would have been better minus all the cinnamon sugar.

All in all I enjoyed my visit here and I will be back to try the shrimp jerky!!!
This is a must stop before heading home, especially for us that live on the islands. I absolutely love the cinnamon bagel chips but they were out since they ran out of containers. I decided to buy the jalapeno parmesan bagel chips instead since I was bummed out and it is very good. Another must have is the almond butter shortbread cookies. There are many other choices like beef jerky and dried fruit. Minimum purchase to use debit/credit cards is $10. The people there are nice and they give you a cute hand carry on box!
Tons of beef jerky and Hawaiian snacks. They have a mail service so you don't have to lug your 20 bags of jerky home.

Aloha spirit service.
I love Las Vegas Jerkys!  One pound of awesome beef jerky for $12.50.  What a deal!  They also have a wide assortment of candies, dried fruits and other treats.  Great customer service.  It's a must stop for Islanders when we're in Las Vegas.
My sister always goes to Vegas and brings back these beef jerkys and bagel chips, so when we got to vegas, I knew we had to stop by this place!
It is located in the Downtown area, and it reminds me of a crack seed store, with all their selections!

There are so many choices that i got suck there trying to decide which to get and what to get, but after much decision making, we were happily walking out the door with our very own beef jerky and bagel chips!

We made the terrible mistake of sending our bagel chips, so when we got it delivered it was more like bagel powder! They are as fragile as they look! It has be hand carried back on the plane!
This is an updated review from my last one a long time ago since now this place is located inside the Las Vegas Club and not the Plaza anymore. Still come to this place on every Vegas trip to get cookies and jerky and sometimes candy. Here you'll find all types of those my favorite cookies are the peanut butter and the cherry cranberry shortbread cookies. Beef Jerky i like the bits one but the others are good too. Candy stuff i like are the chocolate mint ones. Only bad thing is there is so much good yummy stuff you'll be spending a lot lol.
We always stop here and bring back some of their delicious Macadia cookies and nuts home. This place is so inexpensive love it can wait to come back.
I had request too pick up some Bagel Chips for my cousin before visit too Sac. It been while since been too the store so long the last time went was use too be in Plaza. The owners still seem too be the same ones local from the islands. They still give the famous white carry on boxes if order plenty of treats take back home or wherever final destination. I got some beef jerky too. The assortment there is nuts. Sure there is something for everyone not that pricey either. 

I staying with my cousin got too remember cinnamon bagel chips and teriyaki jerky tasted like. Ono. The bagel chips can get busted up quick but still good in bits or parts or whole.

The staff there is always friendly with the aloha spirit!!!!
Their cinnamon bagel chips are addictive!  I want to fly back to Vegas just to pick more up.  Besides  bagel chips they also have jerky, cookies, nuts, dried fruit and other snacks.  If you are downtown I would recommend going to the Las Vegas club and picking up some snacks there.  i heard they also deliver orders to your hotel room.
Muthaeffin' cinnamon raspberry bagel crisps is like crack!  I have never done crack, but if it is as good as these, then you'll catch me on an upcoming episode of Intervention, no doubt.

The Jerkys on the other hand, were aight.  There is obviously something with Hawaii locals and transplants with the jerky thing.  Don't get me wrong, I am a carnivore to say the least.  Still, if I had to choose, I can't resist Chinese style beef jerky.  Luckily, this place supplies it, but you can get a larger variety at 99 Ranch, 168 Market, SF Market or other Asian grocery stores for a lot less.

Besides, we took full advantage of purchasing a dehydrator at Bass Pro Shops during Black Friday and now starting our very own jerky trial and error venture. LOL.

The place acoomodates and caters to locals from the islands and provides airline carry-on boxes as well as incentives for purchases over $100.  Good gifts after a long vacay of losing money...haha (for Hawaii visitors).

So, if I had to pick a place, I would have to say I like local jerky queen, Sun's Jerky, here in Las Vegas.  I believe it's Thai style and love the heat they can muster out...others not so much.  They offer buffalo, chicken and other flavors that is a must to try.

But until Sun's starts to make bagel crisps, you'll find me frequenting both places.  So why 4-stars you might ask...try the crisps then holla at cha boy!

Grind!
The cinnamon bagel chips are incredible!
Oh my God, literally the best beef jerky I have ever had in my life. I used to get the cubed jerky in the silver bags, however the owner informed us that he is unable to order that type of jerky anymore. He showed us a different type called "Islander Brand Beef Jerky Teriyaki" that is equally if not more delicious. The store owners are friendly and helpful, and don't get annoyed by the many questions we had. Other than purchasing armfuls of beef jerky, I always grab a bag of dried mangoes (so good)!
I'd guess that 3/4 or more of this place's business is to visitors from Hawaii.  Strangely, "Big Island" beef jerky is made in Vegas and brought back to Hawaii.  What was a little odd this time was that there were new varieties of cookies and fewer choices of beef jerky.  No more 1 pound bags of anything.  But maybe it's because of beef prices these days.  The shortbread cookies and bagel chips are legendary for those who have sweet tooths.  So easy to spend $50 (or more - way more) here so be sure to stop by close to the end of your trip if you're on a budget.
When I found out a couple years back that my usual Vegas bagel chips shop didn't sell bagel chips anymore, I was devastated. 

But along came Las Vegas Jerkys! Thank the heavens! 

And if you've never had bagel chips...your life is simply incomplete. Get some ASAP!
My family and I drive from the bay to come to Las Vegas Jerkys. Unfortunately they were all out of our bagel chips. 8 hours of driving and no bagel chips. NOOO! and to top that off the lady at the register didn't make us feel very welcome and seemed to have an attitude.

Didn't feel the Aloha spirit there!
Aunties Karen and Sandy own and run this Las Vegas Jerkys shop.  It's located inside the Las Vegas Club Hotel (head towards the back of the casino).  They do a WONDERFUL job with customer service.  Their products are excellent.  What I like best about this place (besides the wonderful customer service) is that many of their products have recipes that are rooted from the Islands.  That, coupled with the local friendly customer service, equals a WINNER!

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#ykPNkbsRAqmW0dgFsMioBg

There are literally 50-75 types of beef & pork jerkys to purchase here.  There are also wonderful candies, cookies, chips, lup chong, chocolates, etc. to purchase here.  I got so excited here, I literally spent $350 on goodies for my visiting relatives and items to bring back to Honolulu when I go back home.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#qeyJ6o2dDKlmwlbBLduvcQ

Top of the list is the Islander Brand Lup Chong (Chinese Sausage).  These are traditional Chinese sausages that were originally crafted in Honolulu, and produced in Los Angeles, CA.  The owners purchased the rights to the recipe and produce the sausages for the store.  These sausages are thick and a bit on the sweet side.  Wonderful for fried rice, baked salmon with lup chong, or just eating along with steamed rice.  OMGDELICIOUS!  Get it!  Grade:  A+

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?select=7Z2FHsyO9iv4FtD4clSIsQ#_GPmeVlAXT4xVMjgka_R_Q

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?select=7Z2FHsyO9iv4FtD4clSIsQ#TT763Urq_CmdhbRuxch5Ww

Islander Brand Beef Jerkey is another favorite.  Comes in plain, spicy, peppered, pork, and spicy pork.  This is your traditional beef jerkey, but the flavors are out of this word.  Grade:  A-

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#cEO3s2d_3MfdlDuvY29jsg

Islander Brand Sweet Dried Pork.  Aunty Karen calls this the jerky that taste like char siu.  These pork slices are cured and dried, and actually taste like you are eating sweet char siu (Chinese red roast pork).  The flavor is delicious, but the texture is a bit on the tough side.  Delicious, nonetheless.  Grade:  B+

Karen's Bagel Chips.  DELICIOUS!!!   Aunty Karen makes bagel chips that come in a variety of flavors - cinnamon sugar, blueberry, cranberry, plain, etc.  The most popular flavor is the cinnamon.  The bagel chips come in a container and must be hand-carried if you are traveling.  Fun to eat, flavorful, and crunchy!  Grade:  A

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/las-vegas-jerkys-las-vegas?select=7Z2FHsyO9iv4FtD4clSIsQ#aSXHyjkj03UU7dMOXyFiSQ

What I liked best about the store was that it was like shopping at home in Hawaii.  Both Aunty Karen and Sandy were super helpful in helping me put my order together and to make suggestions on what to purchase.  They were so much like family, they threw in a free apron and gave my family keiki toy cars when we were leaving!   AMAZING!   Mahalos, aunties!

Product Grade:  A-
Service Grade:  A+
Worth the money grade:  A-
Overall Impression Grade:  A!
Great snacks!!!!  Good prices!!!  Excellent service!  I stop by here on every trip!!!  Karen's cookies and the bagel chips are excellent!!!
Oh man. Talk about goodies on top of goodies on top of goodies! Owners are Hawaiian natives who specialize in making homemade gourmet goodies. The selection ranges from jerkeys to cookies, candies, dried fruit, and more. 

There were so many things to choose from! So much, I spent a good hour picking up and dropping things trying to choose. I wanted to find some nice goodies to send in a care package and word through the grapevine was that their cinnamon bagel chips were the bees knees. 

Here's what I got:

Cinnamon Bagel Chips 
(top seller. they're famous for it and everyone comes to buy them) They also have other flavors like blueberry and chocolate cinnamon. These were $7.00 a bag.

Almond Butter Shortbread Cookies
YOU HAVE TO TRY THEM! They're $5.00 for a small box, and trust me once you open them and eat one, you are sure to eat them all in one sitting. They were so delicious, sweet (but too sweet), and crunchy.

Sliced Almond Brittle Bites: Didn't get to try them, but they are made with Splenda. Overheard one of the ladies say she bought a pack as a gift, and ended up eating them all instead in which she needed to buy another bag, and bought two instead to make sure the other one becomes a gift. These were $7.00 a bag.

Other interesting things I found were dried persimmons, apricots, chocolate covered gummy bears, lemon bar cookies, chocolate covered espresso, and of course lihing goodies. You HAVE TO HAVE lihing to keep that Aloha spirit! Sadly they did not have chocolate covered potato chips, but all the more reason to go back and try out the rest of their goodies.
I love jerky but this place did not have the selection that I liked. A lot if the bags looked old and dusty and kind if cheap. I will go back when I'm in the area just to see if they start offering some of the what I call better brands.
Small shop that was dimmy lit when we went. Much smaller selection than the Beef Jerky Store and a bit pricier for small items. They did have unique items, but nothing that got my attention.
Los Compadres 2 is one of the best Mexican meat markets in town. Their prices are solid and their meat selection is even better. I recently just stopped in and picked up some al pastor and seasoned beef short ribs. Some of their meats come pre-seasoned which = just throw it on the grill and let the magic happen. 

To bad this place is on the other side of town for me.
Our favorite Mexican mart for picking up grub on the weekends. The carne asada, short ribs and pollo asado are all excellent! Their pastries & cakes are fantastic as well! Highly recommended for great marinated meats.
What can I say other than omgness?! I love coming to this small grocere/bakery. My family totally loves the already marinated Carne Asada from here and I love the freshly baked breads and cakes they make here. Last time I flew back home to Hawaii, I bought $70 worth of Carne Asada, froze it and flew it home. My number one fix for mexican food.
Great store. Great find in my area.

I needed to pick up some pan dulce for a "Seis de Mayo" party (guess everyone was busy on the fifth) and I checked good ol' Yelp for some advice. 
I only picked up some pan dulce (which was very tasty and fresh). I look forward to checking out their meat market a little more since there are no large Mexican Grocers in my area. The prices were cheap too, I was very impressed and I'll definitely be back.
Where can you eat some of the best tacos in Vegas? My house, of course. But, I can't take all the credit. I bought the pre-seasoned and marinated meat for a recent BBQ at Los Compadres. The proteins purchased were pork chops ($2.49/lb), chicken breasts ($2.99/lb), and carne asada ($5.99/lb). The quality was great, all were easy to cook, chop up and serve in tortillas with all the toppings.

If your Spanish is no bueno, don't worry. They've got employees at this little Mexican market who speak English. The quality of their produce looked good, although prices were about the same (sometimes even more expensive) than what you would find at big chains like Albertsons or Smiths. I thought I'd save plenty of money by shopping here instead of those places, but I really didn't. I'll come back, though, to get my taco meat fix.
We still keep going here for our carne asada but the prices have really cut down on the amount we purchase. We've been buying a lot more chicken, it's excellent as well, but when the carne is $1.50 more per pound than it is in CA it's definitely priced too high.
This is a great little Mexican supermarket that i come to when I am craving some pan dulce. Their pastries are really good, love their conchas!
Holy, burrito moly, best carne asada burritos hands down in town. 

The meat is the most flavorful, tender meat ever. This is the only place we buy our meat for cookouts, I swear by it. It's affordable and delicious, get your butt down there now. It's a large burrito with fresh refried beans, tasty rice, sour cream, Mexican creamy cheese, and the carne asada meat. Only 5 bucks and worth every penny, 

When I was pregnant this was my go to place to grub and get my addiction, aka craving. Yes, hardly anyone speaks English and men look at women like they're meat, but I can handle all of that for the award tasting food, lol

 Writing this review reminds me that I need to go there sometime this weekend for one :)
Nefasto el servicio de pasteleria y te quedan mal con lo que pide que se realize al pastel y  te piden la nota del pastel y luego no te la regresan fatal!! Muy mala experiencia
Thai Spice was highly recommended to me by a work collegue. However, I was disappointed with their cuisine, ambiance and service. I actually tried it out twice, just to make sure that my first experience was indicative of how this place truly was...

The meat is either overcooked or undercooked in this place. The service is rather invasive and not very quick. It is your run of the mill place with below average food and very limited ethnic decor. The place has a medicinal feel to it. 

I would not recommend this place. There are truly superior Thai places in Vegas to waste your money on this one; I reviewed a couple of them already. Everything is a bit pricey here, especially for what you get. There is nothing good about this place, and overall, it is slighly below average.
had late lunch today ( trying to complete my  flamingo rd run of restaurants ...close...very close ) - ordered pineapple friend rice w/ chicken ( ok but canned pineapple ?!?!  bummer ) . shrimp salad ( my guess - purchased pre-cooked shrimp lightly grilled for heating slad dressing ...much much better at kung fu ) and house special scallops ( decent sized , properly cooked w/ veggies a couple scoops of white rice ) diet coke for me, thai tea for SO....ok


service - decent 

total cost - $45

would i return ....naw ...too many other thai places that are a cut above
Howzit!?

Decent Thai food. Average atmosphere. Good service.

Notable dish: Beef Panang Curry, Garlic Pork with Tofu.
This place has very good thai-food and thai owned. Tom Yum soup, Papaya Salad, Fried catfish curry, and Singha! An authentic feast to savor.
I went here with my photographer, Richard Faverty, who is a regular.  There were 7 of us and we ate family style so we could all taste the dishes.  My favorite was the duck.  The food was all very good and the service was excellent.  

The atmosphere was maybe a little too sedate for my tastes, but we didn't get the evil eye or anything for being the loudest group in the place (with 6 entertainers it can't be helped).  The prices are very reasonable.  We ordered 4 appetizers and then all had an entree and it was still about $25 a person.  

I'll definitely go here again when I want a good relaxed dinner with friends after a photo shoot.  Not the wildest place in Vegas but you don't always want that, right?
This is the best Thai restaurants which I have see recently. We went on a trip to vegas, and wanted to eat some Thai Food, and my GPS showed me this restaurant.. It is little bit off from Strip. The interiors of this restaurant is excellent. The restaurant is clean and bright. The food is authentic, tasty, priced reasonable, excellent staff, clean tables.

We ordered 3 Thai Basil Chicken fried rice and 2 Thai Basil Vegei Fried Rice and 1 Thai Basil Egg fried rice. All mty friends were happy and satisfied after seeing and eating the food.

The food quantity here is little bit off when compared to other Thai restaurants I've seen. They give good quantity of food, I would say 2 dishes will be enough for 3 people.

If you are in Vegas and wanted to eat some Tasty Asian food for economical price in a clean place with friendly staff... I recommend visiting this place...
Just ordered their lunch take out special. It was supposed to be about $5 per order, and two orders came to $20. Very odd math there. Chicken fried rice was atrocious. Greasy, and had big cashews and pineapple chunks in it. Ordered a 7 on the hot scale, and it was not even a 1. Thai Beef was also very bland and basically tasted like old gray meat that had seen better days. I mean, if you're going to serve awful meat, at least spice it up a bit. I still cannot scrape the greasy paste off of my palate from this meal. There are much better Thai places in town to spend your money/time on.
I've come here twice already. To even it out I gave them 3 stars since my first visit was a 5 and my second visit was a 2. 

OUR FIRST VISIT
couldn't have been better! We came here on a whim one night for dinner when we happened to just be driving around trying to find a place to eat. We walked in here and the place was completely empty, but we were greeted with big smiles and seated right away while another server was already filling up our glasses with water. Usually I find it a little awkward to be the only customers since the servers tend to just stare or or look annoyed and it also seems like the place is empty because it probably isn't good, but that wasn't the case for this place. The fact that we were alone in there actually made it quite nice since we got complete attention and excellent service. 

We ordered the Nevada Chicken - Tender, boneless, chicken breast fillet in a light curry-peanut sauce for $7.95
and
Pad Thai - Soft pan-fried translucent noodles cooked with chicken, shrimp, ground peanuts and ground chili pepper. Garnished with fresh bean sprouts for $7.95

The Nevada Chicken was so sexy! Juicy chicken breast with peanut sauce. It makes me salivate just thinking about it! It was exactly like the description.  It even came with a side of white rice which was nice since we didn't order any rice with our meal. We both loved it!

The Pad Thai I just couldn't get enough of. All of the different flavors and textures in it went together so well in my mouth, mmm! I loved the crunchiness of the peanuts and bean sprouts, it definitely added to the burst of flavors. 

Normally we would've ordered more than just two plates of food, like an appetizer and dessert and probably thai tea, but this was more than enough for us. We were able to finish it all without having to take anything home, which was good since we were staying at a hotel on the strip that night anyway. The portion filled us up just right and we were oh so satisfied!
 

THE SECOND VISIT
Pure disappointment... 

The service was, well, lacking SERVICE. It took them at least 10 minutes to greet us and give us a place to sit. The place wasn't even full, probably just a 3rd of it was full and that was just on the left side where they were seating everyone. Their greeting wasn't exactly welcoming. We were standing at the front of the restaurant waiting to be seated and the girl just came up to us and said "can I help you?" WTH. It's a restaurant, I think it's an obvious reason as to why anyone would be in there, but I wasn't about to say "yes you can help me by filling my stomach and quitting your job so I don't have to see your face again," so I just bit my tongue and said "table for 3." 

We were seated and we decided what to order right away since it was just off the lunch special menu, but it took forever to finally get our order relayed since the waitress just sat us then neglected us. It seemed as though she even avoided us while we were calling her at some points since she'd look at us and just turn away. She finally came and she just seemed to be in another dimension or something. We told her "we want the pepper steak level 4" then she said "okay level 4, what level spicy?" That was just confusing. We went back and forth a few times repeating what level we wanted then she'd repeat that same question. She got the rest of our order and left. 

I don't remember what else we ordered other than pepper steak and pad thai. That might've been it actually. We got to orders of pad thai since my bf and my brother both wanted their order spicy (level 8) and I can't go higher than a 4 lol. 

Since it took so long for the food to come, we decided we wanted to get an appetizer AND we also wanted our glasses of water filled since the cups were already empty for a while and the ice was starting to melt. We kept signaling to the waitress but she's just walk by and look the other way or look at us and look away, it was really awkward, we were beginning to wonder if we were just trippin' or if it was her. We all agreed it was her, ha. Maybe it was just that she was too young and couldn't handle multitasking. Whatever it was definitely didn't leave a good impression on us. 

The pad thai was good, but not great like the first time we went.   The pepper steak I don't even remember, so it mustn't have been all that great. We never  get our appetizer, so I can't comment on that. 

It kinda sucked because my boyfriend and I took my brother here to eat because we had such a good experience with bombass food the first time we came so we thought he'd love it too, but they totally flipped it on us and made it a bad experience with bad service and mediocre food. We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed. He even said it wasn't as good as we were telling him and we told him we didn't expect it to be like this. 

I will not be coming back.
This is my friend's favorite Thai place and with good reason. I've had their tom yum soup twice and it's really good.  Perfectly spiced and a good proportion of shrimp and mushrooms. 

I generally don't like pad thai but love theirs: not too sweet, noodles had a good consistency and they give you mounds of it. 

I like that they give you a scale of 1-10 for spiciness. It takes the guess work out of "mild," "Medium" and "spicy."
I'm surprised the reviews here are so across the board.  I used to go here a lot when I lived in the area, and I thought it was really good.  I was in the area looking for a meal tonight, and thought I'd give Thai Spice a spin to see if it was still good.  Brought my date and another couple, and we all enjoyed our meal.  Service was amazingly quick... like, I don't know how they brought our food so fast.  Did they predict what we were gonna order and pre-cook it?  My pad thai was a perfect spiciness and had a great flavor.  It's definitely not the cheapest thai food in town, but the portion sizes make up for it.
The ambiance is probably the best out of all the thai restaurants that I have been to, over the years. I really used to like this restaurant. One time the service was kinda off since we were waiting for another party to join us (they were very late). When I took my husband here, he didn't think too much of it, hence we haven't been back since. One of my good friends who is half thai really likes it, though. We used to get the stuffed chicken wings, pad thai, thai beef salad, and thai iced tea.
Yuck. I didn't like anything about it. Service was incredibly slow. We went for lunch, and it took at least 20 minutes for our food to come. I ordered Beef Panang. It was really overcooked. The beef tasted like mushy baby food. Plus, I ordered #6 on spicy level and it was not at all spicy. My husband ordered pork eggrolls.  I couldn't figure out how half was hot and half ice cold. His fried rice had pork that was good, beef tasted old and weird. He picked out the beef. His food also came a very long time before mine did and I was starving. And 2 lunches were $40 with the tip. Panang $13, fried rice $13, iced tea, and eggrolls $?. Final opinion, I wouldn't eat here again if it was free. Disgusting. I wish they had a negative star for the worst place you have ever been.
Saw the GRAND OPENING banner and signage while driving to a Yelp event, and decided to grab a quick dinner before heading home.  The restaurant has been opened for years, but due to a kitchen fire, they were closed for 7 months.  So no FTR for this spacious restaurant filled with traditional Thai art and carvings.  Even though the name suggests that it is a Thai restaurant, they also have a significant number of Chinese items on the menu.

The menu is pretty straightforward.  except it is arranged a little differently from other Thai restaurants (i.e., no curry section). Aside from the usual Appetizers, Salads, Soups sections, the rest of the menu is broken down into sections by proteins (e.g., Poultry, Beef or Pork, Seafood,Vegetables, except you have choice of chicken, beef, pork, seafood or shrimps on just about all of the entree items.

Since I like to order what the restaurant considers their signature dish on my first visit, I was recommended to try Mint Leaf Beef, which is beef marinated in Thai sauce and then cooked with chili and fresh mint leaves.  It was prepared and served quickly,and the flavor was very good.  The medium spicy level is probably less spicy compared to some other restaurant, so if you you prefer more heat you are going to have to specify Thai heat level and not the tamed American heat level.

Ambiance:  3.5/5  Thai themed decor in a spaciously arranged dining room.

Service: 4/5  Maybe it was good because they are not that busy, but I have no complaints about their service level.

Food:  4/5  I enjoyed what I ordered, and look forward to trying more items in the future.

Price:  5/5  Lunch specials are $7.25 which is good.  
           4/5  Dinner prices is average compared with other Thai restaurants.

Location:  SW, near the Palms.

Parking:  5/5  Plenty of parking spaces in this strip mall.

Overall, 4 stars!
After waiting so long for the reopening, Thai Spice was a big disappointment. The food was bland, unoriginal, and pretty much what I don't look for in Thai food.  Going with a group of friends mostly versed in Thai food, we proclaimed that Thai Spice won't be a reoccurring lunch spot.  We ordered the Pad See Ew ($9.95, and had some goofy name on the menu), the Green Curry Beef ($10.95), the Larb Pork ($9.96), the Chicken Fried Rice ($9.95), and the One Sun Beef jerky ($8.95).  Everything was ordered with "medium spice" and "Thai style".

The Pad See Ew was served without Chinese broccoli as an option. The sauce was some sort of a generic Chinese style teriyaki sauce.  The chicken was bland.  There was no spice, and even with gobs of their chili powder (which we had to ask for), there still wasn't much flavor or heat.  Pad See Ew is an easy dish, and somehow Thai Spice still makes it bland.  Unfortunately, this was the best dish of the meal.

The Green Curry with Beef was also a miss.  Lightly sweet and without much flavor at all, or spice, it was boring to eat.  Just plain boring.  The occasional bell pepper was the only thing that gave this dish any interesting flavor. I have had worst tasting curries, but this one was probably one of the blandest curries I have ever had.  What's the point of eating this again?

The Larb with Pork was border line gross.  It was the most offensive dish that we had, and one of my friends just plain couldn't stand it.  The flavor was off.  It had a lot of vinegar, along with a poorly balanced blend of herbs that were just totally unappealing.  Again, no heat at all to even cover up the bad flavor.  Do yourself a favor and don't order the larb here.

The chicken fried rice was unoffensive.  It was also bland as heck.  The chicken was dry, and there was no flavor to speak of.  Is this food for 5 year olds?

Yeah, the jerky wasn't good either.  The sauce was uninspiring and overly salty.  The meat tasted of poor quality.  I had to convince my one friend who had never had Thai jerky before that it is actually really good at some other places.

Thai Spice is some of the most bland "Thai" food I have ever had, and Americanized to boot.  There were a lot of Chinese dishes on the menu.  You might want to just stick to the Chinese stuff.  If you're looking for Thai flavors, go somewhere else.
I have visited this restaurant in the past, before the renevation.  The service in MOST of the Asain restaurants I visit is cold and uninviting.  Maybe its a cultural thing, I dont know.  BUT I wlawys went anyways becase the food pretty good, and I knew a server there (charlie ) who also was a dealer...so he was always friednly.  

I visited there the other dat and sat at the front door for about 2 minutes. They need a hostess!!

More inportantly I place a togo order today.  2 tom Yum, Pad thai and eggrolls...Probably $40 of food.  The lady on the phone was short with me and rude and clearly could not understand me very well.  She proceeded to basically hang up before I finished my order.  YOU GUYS ARE DOWN THE STREET FROM MY OFFICE AND MY WIFES employer.  I wont be coming back due to your POOR customer service.  

I will be visiting your competitors at Krung Thai and the Kaizon.  I am from the restaurant industry for 15 years,,,I would strongly suggest better customer service skills or your renevations were ALL a waste of $$$
Best Thai food in Vegas. I had been told archies was the old standard but Thai spice takes that title. Their lunch specials are awesome.  Highly recommend the pepper steak with a level 7 spice. Yes u can request your spice level!
Located in a run down strip mall and has been there many years. This "grand opening" sign is BS. There are too many Thai restaurants in this vicinity to have poor customer service. The aging waitress was too busy flirting with the older, caucasian male to worry about the only other customer in the place. He was ranting and raving about how great the soup was that she had served him 5 minutes prior. Being it was cold outside and I absolutely LOVE soup, I asked the aging server and customer, "Which soup is that?'' The server rudely said, " We no serve to public!" Well! After this display, Thai Spice will no longer have to worry about serving anything to me. I will take my business (a couple blocks to the west) to Archies. Archies is AWESOME and has yet to insult!
Suppur Thai Food~! The workers are SoO Friendly & Nice. We ordered 6 dishes & not one of them I had anything bad to say.(Which is super rare in my case) We order the Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp (they're not cheap with the shrimps) It was just the right amount of spice and sour in the soup. The Papaya Salad was so crispy and spice (Just right) Entrees: Mint Leaves Beef, Panang Chicken(Thick sauce not like every where else watery), and the Wet & Wild Chicken (noodles are soft & chicken, cook together which I like, other places cook the noodles & meat separately & then put it top=no good) was Yummy in My Tummy =) Also the Thai Iced Tea just the Perfect amount of milk just the way I like it.
Nothing overwhelming here - seems pretty generic. Food was passable but I have had better. Was more chinese than thai.
This place is a Very good, affordable thai food right next to the Palms. When they say something is spicy they are not kidding. Everything we had was very good, intense flavor. Nice change of pace to the flood of higher end places all over Vegas
I have been to this restaurant several times - this is my first review of it.  I don't go much for food that hurts and this place does a great job of making flavorful food that is not too spicey.  We take our students to this restaurant each time we have a class and they always have great things to say about it.  Good Job!
The Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp still has a lot of shrimps hehee, the padi thai this time around was good not great and the thai iced tea still taste damn good hehee.
Always delicious - never disappoints. Chicken curry is delicious (with spice from 1-10) as well as the mongolian beef. They always serve their plates with a bit of rice, which is always a plus for me (grew up in Asian food - always will love rice hehe). Delicious food.
Thai Spice is my favorite Thai restaurant in the area. I love their more traditional items. The mint leaf chicken is awesome. If you like spicy, this is a great choice, but can choose spice level from 1-10. The larb is great and the soups awesome - as well as the satay chicken with yummy peanut sauce. The owner/hostess is welcoming and friendly. 

Note: I was turned on to this place on a visit with my Mom and Sister and after returning to LV for about 7 years, found this the best in the area.  The food is very authentic.
This place is legit!  Everything was on point if not better.  I had the egg rolls, Tom Kha Soup and Spicy Pad Thai.  This ends a 5 year search for the best Thai in Houston for sure.
This place is decent. My only real complaint is the fact that they are not kid friendly at all. The food was alright. I've been there a couple of times and have had the fried rice and the larb and some soup. Eh... probably wont be back
Great service, great food! I especially enjoyed the papaya salad, Thai tea, and tapioca pudding dessert.
Today I went here with 15 friends. Everyone loved it, we called ahead, the meals were ready when we arrived, the food was excellent, everyone loved it!  The people are very friendly - AWESOME!
Love this place, great food and service with a smile.
No complaints!!  We visited for lunch and the pad thai and pepper steak were delicious!!  The soup that comes before which the waitress called a "beef soup" was also very tasty and the other three diners agreed! They ask you to pick your spice level on a scale of 1 to 10 which was pretty cute, so I picked 4 and it was perfect.  Just a tad spicy.  Another person I was with went with a 7 and said that was hot, but perfect!  The waitress said 10 was dangerous. :) 

Food comes quickly, portions are generous, our waitress was very friendly and timely and truly . . . . I have no complaints.  Prices for lunch specials were so reasonable too, I think our bill for the four of us totalled to $28.  

We'll definitely be back!
Love this place, good prices, good service and the food is awesome! Now let us dance......with swords!
I love this place so much!!! My boyfriend and I go about twice sometimes 3 times a week for lunch. Their lunch specials are great! $7.25 gets you a cup of soup, salad, rice, eggroll, and your choice of a main item. I'm addicted to the chicken chow mein!! Staff is very friendly and food comes out fast!
I love this place. 

I was reminded of this again, last night, as we walked into another Thai restaurant closer to our home, and 6 people pushed in front of us declaring they had reservations for a table of 27, which I guess entitled them to be seated first. Color them rude! So, my husband and I decided to ditch the place as fast as we could and find a new restaurant. 

We were on our way to the Phil at the Smith Center and had limited time. Flamingo was right on our way to the I-15, and Thai Spice came immediately to mind!  It is in the strip mall adjacent to the Palms Casino. We should have thought of Thai Spice in the first place. The atmosphere is relaxed, the hostess warm and friendly, we got to sit anywhere and chose "our table"..which is a joke as we have only been here 4 times, yet we found the cozy table for 2 by the window that I always pick available for our dining pleasure. Our server got us in and out in so we comfortably made the drive up to the Smith Center in time for the show.

Now the food. It is scrumptious and leaves no doubt as to why the Thai Spice has been ranked Vegas top Thai restaurant for many years in a row. Try the egg rolls, they taste homemade. Look at the loving care that they put in carving a carrot into a beautiful flower to accompany the plating. Order the Pad Thai and rediscover the joy of eating.

Our cost dinner for two + appetizer $34.
Okay first time here. We had about eleven guest, all hungry for some good old thai food. And they manage to serve us quick and delicious. They manage to dish out at least 7-8 dishes really fast. Everybody was satisfied. Next time, when visiting vegas this is a place to go to for good old thai food.
I stopped in here for lunch today and as usual the food was good. I ordered a yellow chicken curry dish, which came with rice and a salad and a soup. I would give this place more stars, but the service was not up to par. I'm not sure if the food server was tired, or just did not want to work, but whatever the reason, she should have stayed home. At first I thought it was just my table, but then I noticed that other customers were having problems with her as well, for example she kept forgetting to bring forks to one table.
The best pad thai I've ever had. Its not overly saucy like some places. I really miss this place and I've been on the hunt for a good Thai place and have yet to find one that compares to Thai Spice.This was one of the few restaurants where I felt comfortable trying new dishes. The dishes here are consistently good. The price is fair.
Thai Spice has been a favorite of mine since 1994. I was a young mother and brought my first born in when she was 3 days old.  The owner was so sweet and loved my baby girl. Throughout the years we frequented the rest. for dinner and she always brought my daughter a small bowl of rice to keep her busy while we waited for food. Just fantastic customer service and kindness.
 As for the food...i love it! The chan ram is my go to appitizer as well as chicken satay. Tom kha kai soup is so good. the duck curry is delicious and good old sweet and sour chicken is the best in town. Thai tea is yummy too!
I still enjoy driving across town to have a fantastic meal, I know what im getting and I know there will be no rude wait staff. Thai Spice Is still the best in las vegas in my opinion.
Enjoy
Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, good food.  Level 8 spice was not too spicy.
came here for lunch. i order the mint chicken with came with soup, salad and egg roll. when we arrive we were greeted right away. the place seem pretty busy for lunch. after our order the soup came first. it was a egg flower soup. then following the entree with a side salad and egg roll. wow, the mint chicken was super delish and it was a really generous portion! i ate everything on my plate haha so good. place was clean staff was nice! well be back!
Food was good when it finally came.  Portions were small.  They had no staff working.  Waited 20 minutes to place drink order.  Probably will not go back.
Food was so good and prices are reasonable. Definitely coming back next time we are in Vegas
Thai Spice is one of my favorite restaurants.  I have been coming here since the early 90's.   It's always great to go to a restaurant where they know what you want to eat as soon as you walk in the door.  Great food & Service.
This place was great. The service was definitely awesome. I ordered the chicken chow mein and the noodles were perfectly cooked, tender with not too much oil. I got the spice level 3 (I'm a wimp!) and it was definitely spiced well. This is my new favorite Thai place!!!!
Man I was so happy that it was such a good experience here! We had just landed and we were starving, so we wanted some asian food that was cheap so we hit this place. It was far from the strip, recommend you have a car if you are a tourist, but I cant even remember what we ordered but we all ordered something different and the food was FULL OF FLAVOR, absolutely delicious and yummy! When I visit Vegas again I am definitely not skipping out on this place, the service was great and prices were reasonable for Vegas. I just wish I knew their recipe for the prig khing, the sauce was seriously mouth watering. Ugh...I hate living so far away and not even being able to fill my cravings!

Just try this place, you'll enjoy it!
I stopped here for lunch the other day. The lunch specials were $7.25 so I ordered the Pepper Steak. The lady asked what level spice I wanted it so I tried level 8. The pepper steak had great flavor but I would go for level 10 next time since it could have been spicier for my taste. The meal started with a soup that I just thought was okay and a salad that I didn't try. The egg roll and rice that came with my pepper steak was real good.

Service was good and the food came out quick. The price was right and portion of food good so I will stop by for lunch again.
After a week of eating casino buffet food, this place was a welcomed change. The decor is nice and in sync with the Vegas neon theme. The food was very good and the service was great. Glad I found it.
Good food with a great price in the lunch special... Very recomended.  I try the chicken curry and it comes with a soup, salad, rice and an egg roll... I pay the same as an fast food restaurant, but with a better taste.
Been going to this Thai restaurant since I was 7 years old. When it close due to a kitchen fire my family & I were devastated. When it open back up we were ecstatic! The service is great & the food is even better. The owner Kitty definitely knows what she is doing!
Great food. Always eat my lunch here. Really friendly service, always on point. Will recommend my friends here...
Excellent if you got a craving some something different. Staff is extremely friendly, portions are well worth their price.

The Combination Platter is an excellent starter cant go wrong with it, and any of kebob dishes are winners.

The only thing holding me back from 5 stars is the Samosa isn't exactly what i'm used to and sorry to say but a bit on the bland side.
I drove by randomly and caught the Kabob sign out of the corner of my eye. I was starving, but decided it would be worth waiting for the food to cook. And what can I say, it was the best decision of my life!

 I ordered the mixed kabob (chicken and shami - minced meat). The shami kabob was spiced just right and the meat is Halal to boot. The guy actually orders the meat from California. The prices were perfect as well. You don't need to spend a lot of money to eat well and have a good time.

The Persian/Afghani staff were very welcoming.  

Definitely, try this spot when in Vegas!
Kabob Palace serves an eclectic mix of traditional Mediterranean regional cuisines without hybridizing or compromising traditional execution. Their all-encompassing menu offers a little bit of everything: perfectly crispy Persian flatbread is served with fresh Indian mint chutney, fritter-style falafel (reminded me of Indian ambode) are offered along with traditional Afghani rice dishes, Persian shirazi salad, grilled veges, and doogh. Despite the regional overlapping, It's apparent that Persian and Afghani are their biographic specialties. And let me tell you, they don't fuck around here. Everything is prepared with massive amounts of pungent garlic and informed skill. The kebabs are SO well prepared, and the traditional appetizers are SO pungently flavored, I doubt someone could eat this food without having an affective response. Entrees are enormous and super cheap (seriously, dinner for two was $30). Most entrees come with grilled vegetables and BROWN rice or salad (+1 star). Decor is nearly non-existent save for the large ficus situated in the middle of the dining area, bathrooms are clean, and the general ambiance is very relaxed. The owners are nice and welcoming. Overall, nothing Americanized, nothing generic. This is a perfect dinner spot for those with high expectations that don't mind dining in a low-key, humble environment.
I was looking for Afghani food in Las Vegas this morning. I didn't find any.

I randomly went to Kabob Palace and was stunned to find....Afghani food! I haven't had Palow since I left San Francisco. This is an aromatic mixture of lamb, brown rice and delectable seasonings. It was served with a potato, pea, and maybe tomato dish that was luscious but the waitress could not identify what it is called and it was not listed on the menu.

The palow came with a side of Shirazi salad which was the only somewhat disappointing item. The dressing had a bit too much vinegar and it wasn't what I hoped for. 

I can't wait to come back and sample the Aashak and Mantu dumplings!!

If you've never had Afghani food, you're in for a treat.

The menu also has some Greek and Indian influences, but I fail to see the point. The restaurant is owned by an Afghani and Afghani food is delicious!

Five stars for the food but minus one star for smelly cleaning supplies while I was eating and for a lack of decor or style. But this will be a new favorite place. 

Try the Palow!
Really? 4 stars!!??? This place was AWFUL. I love Afghani/Persian/Mediterranean/etc, but the food here is completely uninspired, cafeteria-grade slop, from start to finish. Usually Yelp has some fairly reliable reviews, but the 8 or so for this place were just completely off base. Hummus was fine, the only edible thing ordered. Fried eggplant appetizer was lacking is both flavor and ingenuity -- all I could taste was oil. Lamb kabobs -- the best stateside, according to one delusional reviewer -- just an utter joke. 5 tiny pieces of dry, overcooked and tasteless lamb, one of which was all cartilage. The accompanying salad was an Albertson's-grade ruffage melange. The other lamb rice dish was better, at least not super tough or bland, and the rice was alright, but the lentils were not cooked--like at all. I know restaurants have off nights, but any restaurant worth its salt should come through with at least one or two solid dishes. I wouldn't come within shitting distance of this place ever again. To y'all believers out there, all I can say is:

WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!?
I went here based on a couple reviews and I was expecting something fabulous.  The food was really good! Four stars for the food but two for the service equals a three star review.  What went wrong?  It took about 45 min's for a couple of pita sandwiches and we were the only ones there, and when the order came it was wrong!  My friend had to get his to go while I ate mine.

Don't get me wrong the food is really good and I would probably go back but come on people please get the order right, and speed up the service a little! Maybe somebody should tell them or leave a Yelp card to let them know that we love the food, but the service needs to be improved!
Fart Face? Apparently I can't eat a shitty meal without being the subject of pointless ridicule. Maybe if I was as high off of my own ego as one reviewer (let's call her "Dog Shit"), I would've enjoyed the charcoal briquettes trying to pass as lamb kabobs DS recommended. Or the oil pouches masquerading as the 'traditional' fried eggplant app I've had at many Med eateries....maybe 'ingenuity' was the wrong word -- 'flavor' was sufficient -- but wtf? Is that what this spat is about? Word choice? 'Rebellious iconoclast' is redundant, but I don't get my rocks off on scrutinizing sloppy diction on a fucking food reviewing website. DS is defensive b/c I had a bad meal at a restaurant she likes. BFD! This is about the food, not you, DS. It's always about the food! I could give two shits about what you or your cadre of ass-kissing lemmings who drool over every SAT word and spunky made-up phrase populating your reviews think about Kabob Palace. I just want tasty food. Maybe it was an off night -- who knows. But unless you're paying, I'm not going back.

So let's just boil this shit down to its essence: The food I ate SUCKED. Get over it.
I decided to check this place out to see what all the fuss was about.  Four reasons to not bother:

1. Despite being in a strip mall at the intersection of two major roads and close by several upscale neighborhoods, the "Palace" was completely empty at 12:30 on a weekday.  Never a good sign.  Guess this place doesn't do a lot of lunch business. 

2. I had the lamb kabobs which were dry and gamey like overcooked deer meat.  Meh.

3. The decor leaves much to be desired, the food leaves much to be desired, and the service was slow and grumpy.  Did I wake them from their midafternoon siesta?  

4. Even Olive Garden has more variety, more consistency, a more pleasant atmosphere and better value.  

With so many better options in Vegas, why would you come here?  Oh that's right.  No one does.
hit the Palace last week with the roomie - it's 7 pm - we're the only customers.  ok, it's the holidays, the economy sucks, blah blah blah.

Amazingly, after being seated, it takes 3 minutes for someone to take our drink order.  After ordering a water and soda, the server rolls her eyes - i sense it was because we didn't order more.  Order the kabob combo,  geez i don't even remember what else, the delay in taking the order, the delay in getting the food, i really can't remember what the food was like - fuck this place !
Very controversial here from the reviews I've read.  I've eaten here years ago with no problems other than the restaurant is always quiet.  I'm glad they're still open...  Our office had lunch from here & ordered 9 that's right 9 different items so we could share:  lamb shwarma, mediterranean salad, kebab combo, falafel plate, chix salad,  sausage plate, greek salad & 2 other unidentifiable plates that we ate (everyone put their order in & we all ate smorgasbord style).  Although some commented that some of the plates looked "strange/unfamiliar"  all agreed it was all good.  Main standouts were the hummus, baba ganoush, ground beef meat kebaby strip thing.  No complaints despite many being dye hard McD, Taco fans but of course I tell 'em change is good especially Mediterranean!!
Are you freakin' kidding me? I can't see how this place could possibly get more than one star. In fact, if I could give it ZERO stars, that's what I'd do.

Terrible service. And someone was having a big screaming match in the back, so they turned the music up to try to drown them out.

Tough, disgusting, dry, overcooked excuse of lamb kabob with sides that weren't any better. 

Decor = -1. Service = -1. Screaming match = -5. Food = -1

If you want good kabobs there are way better places to go.

Yuck.

Place seems to be under new ownership and the location looked different. I wonder if my past review was confused about locale or if this one is.
I give it a solid three stars, I don't see anything wrong with it. This place is painfully average. Decent gyro, good hummus, friendly and efficient service.

This is my go-to place when I'm in the mood for a gyro, plain and simple.
Dropped by after church. We were told that the Sunday Buffet starts at 1PM. We were just 15 minutes early so we decided to wait it out and ordered Persian tea. 
The food for the buffet started trickling out after 1 PM and the last dish came out at exactly 2:11 PM, approx 1.5 hrs when we arrived.
The food was tasteless and the gentleman at the counter kept telling us everything will be out in 1 minute! I tried the meatballs but there seems to be egg shells in them! I could hear and taste the crunch!
We still tried what they brought out, but for the money we paid ($8,95 per), I would have rather gone to Zaytoon's on Durango at Twain.
This place is a sorry excuse for a restaurant.
The place is very average, but the food is good. I can get away with dinner for two under $30 with tip. If you're into atomosphere and trendiness, it's not for you. If you're not a snob, and want good food at a fair price, this is a good place. 

I don't reccomend it if it's a "first date" and you're trying to impress.
Tonight was our first visit to Kabob Palace.  When I just got to Yelp to write the review, I was shocked to see the low star rating.  We had a fantastic meal and terrific service from Janet, who said she's worked at the restaurant for six years, so I can't understand all the service complaints.

For the record, we're originally from New York, not from East Bumblefuck, so we have logged many years of ethnic restaurant meals.  We know good food.  But then again, we didn't suffer through a steam table buffet lunch or order gyro sandwiches.  We had dinner.  And because the name of the restaurant is KABOB Palace, we ordered - duh - KABOBS.

The chicken breast kabobs were tender, juicy, very well-seasoned with more than just salt, and were delicious.  The filet mignon/ground meat kabob combo were also near-perfect.  Also appreciated was the lack of skewers, which usually has the chicken or meat landing in my lap.  I hate to work for my food, and hate wearing it even more.

My husband had the rice, and I ordered mine with salad.  The rice was white rice, but it was perfectly cooked.  As for the salad, I was amazed at the size of the portion, and the variety.  Unlike at a Mexican restaurant, where what they call salad is a tablespoon of shredded iceberg with a bit of chopped tomato, this one filled the plate to overflowing, chock-full of FRESH romaine, red lettuce, chopped tomato, sliced tomato, roasted red peppers, red onion, grilled zucchini, and whole Greek olives, green olives, and sliced black olives. (I detest olives, but DH appreciated them).  How can anyone complain about that?  

We also had a side order of hummus, which was more than enough for the two of us, and it was served with a basket of bread that was called pita, but was more like pizza dough bread.  It may or may not be authentic Afghani bread, but I've never been one to complain about pizza.  The waitress said it's baked in the tandoori oven.  The hummus was excellent, and even better when topped with a bit of the coriander-mint-jalapeno sauce served in a little bowl to accompany all the food.  And it gave everything a nice, spicy kick.

We can't wait to go back, and we will bring others next time.  To those of you who've only had the buffet lunch or a gyro, you should go back and have some freshly-prepared kabobs.  And if you're of the generation who can't wait and must get your food served as fast as you can send a text message, go back to Applebee's, where the food is all pre-cooked and probably pre-chewed. Cooked to order is worth waiting for.
This is from 4/22/2009 and I had inadvertently posted this review for Kabob Express.

Had the qabili and yogurt with mint. Qabili was very nice though not much lamb in it. Was served with a beef and split pea stew which was warm not hot and a small bowl of cucumber and tomato salad. Yogurt and mint dip was rather thin.
Service slow as always despite small number of customers.
Good value though at $18 or so
This is an update to my previous review, and I'm happy to say that I wasn't disappointed.

This time it was Poker Widows' Night, and I went with my two friends.  Two of us (I was one of them) had the Lamb Kabobs, and they were incredible - lean, tender, juicy, and perfectly seasoned.   As on the previous visit, we ordered rice for one, salad for the other, intending to share both.  The waitress offered to have the kitchen divide it for us, and when the plates came out, it was if we weren't sharing at all - we each had so much rice (perfectly cooked) and salad (fresh and full of a variety of stuff), together with a substantial portion of the lamb, that we each took home enough for a second full meal.

The other friend is Israeli, and this is her comfort food.  She had a hankering for Liver and Onions.  If she hadn't been with us, it would have been another 5-star rating.  But her liver was way overcooked, and she didn't like it.  She did, however, love the hummus, which we ordered as a single side dish but had it as an appetizer.  It was a huge portion for $4.50.  (It costs more when ordered alone, but who'd go there and just order hummus?).

I have to agree with XX, when he/she said: " You walk in and can't tell whether or not they're open..."  We went fairly late, and were sure it was closed -- until we walked in.  I don't see it as a bad omen, though, just that the owner needs a neon "OPEN" sign.  This is Vegas, ferchrissake, there's sure no shortage of neon to be had!

I'll be going back to Kebob Palace, but I'll stick with the chicken or, especially, the lamb.  Kebob.  As in Kebob Palace.  And I sure won't be ordering the liver.  Not there - or anywhere.
If you walk in take a look around and walk out, that is probably your best bet.
I thought the food there was good for the price. I had the combination platter.
Tasty, somewhat gourmet sandwiches.  Hot.  Cold.  You name it.  Great little sides as well.  Subway this place is not.  Also, doubles as a respectable little deli.  If you didn't think you spending enough money on cheese, stop in here and buy some $14 havarti.
Simply mah-vo-lis. Divine sandwiches and deli salads. They can be a little slow with the hot sandwiches but are well worth the wait. Besides, you get to play Trivial Pursuit while you wait. And I always buy my cheese there...and then buy some wine down the street at Barriques.
Just had my first lunch here.  I chose the avocado BLT and a cup of their squash soup. $6 and it hit the spot.  The soup was a little too sweet and I couldn't finish it, but the BLT was perfect.  I didn't try the cheese, but will next time.  Service was prompt considering there wasn't an empty seat in the house. 4 stars.
I can't go near central Phoenix without a visit to Baiz Market. They have everything from fresh baked pita bread to string cheese to Middle-Eastern pastries to a full grown grocery and meat section. Their selection includes foods from the Middle-east, Europe, Africa, and Asia. There has yet to be a spice that I have not found there. 

My favorite part is the small cafe with fresh food and loads of garlic. You can watch your food being made and pulled from the hot oven. I've had just about everything  but my top recommendations are: chicken shawarma, falafel, and manaeesh (both the za'atar (thyme) and cheese (jubna) varieties are excellent), I have not tried the meat version.
You can find all sorts of fresh Halal meat and chicken here. The butcher, Hassan is friendly. They prepare everything like you want it. There is also a restaurant up front which only serves halal food called Al-Hana. The beef shawarma is awesome and so is the rotisserie chicken served with a Garlic sauch which is to die for. And of course it is all halal which is great! We used to live in Tucson and we still would come to Baiz market to purchase all our halal meat because they keep it clean unlike the other so called halal meat stores we have visited. The store is pretty big and they carry indian masalas, European cheeses, a variety of spices and canned goods and also some cutlery and pots and stuff to sell. You will also be able to find a hookah here. They have the best and most fresh pita breads too. Plus they have a large variety of fresh vegetables. The prices are very reasonable except for the halal meat and chicken.  Awesome place. Neighborhood is a little shady and you need to know your way around downtown. There are no other shops around this place so when we go here, we just go to this shop and back home.
My ethnic experience isn't rooted in the middle eastern culture, but my fiancee's is, and she goes nuts in here buying some awesome, interesting, and delicious gear like tahini, chick peas, za'atar, feta, etc for making things like hummus, za'atar bread, and the like.  I picked up a half-rack of lamb chops and a side of couscous for prepping ($12) together.  Their butcher is awesome and far different from retail grocery chains in Phoenix.  They have a mountain of hooves, FYI.  

Typically, the prices are inexpensive-to-reasonable, but sometimes the rarer items are a bit elevated in price.  That is totally understandable considering the unavailability of this type of product nearly anywhere else in the valley.  They make you put at least $10 on your debit, so be aware, though they have so much good stuff that this fee is easy to surpass.
This place is FANTASTIC!! Its not only a market, its also a restaurant, their Beef Shawerma is UNBELIEVABLE! and their service is great, If you shopping for mid-eastern arabic food you can find almost anything there, from Tahini to Molokhiya *traditional Egyptian food*

The neighborhood its in is not very good but thats ok!

again TRY THE BEEF SHAWERMA!
Today's lunchtime quest was to check out Baiz Market. The place is like a mirage. It sits on a barren residential stretch of 20th St. near the intersection of the I-10 and the 51. Don't worry about the car; there's abundant parking and little potential for destruction and mayhem.

This is actually a business-within-a-business. The restaurant inside Baiz Market is called Al-Hana, and it's a clean, well-oiled machine. Al-Hana takes up about an eighth of the market's floor space. A young woman was taking orders at the counter and two white-uniformed cooks were models of efficiency. You can see everything being prepared as the aromas of garlic, sumac, and roasting meat fill the air.

I had a small order of hummus and a chicken shawarma sandwich. The hummus was enough for four small people or two large people, and it came with a mountain of freshly house-baked pita triangles. It was delicious, but next time I think I'll ask for a slice of lemon on the side. The chicken shawarma sandwich was a miracle of industrial design. It was a perfectly shaped torpedo: juicy chicken, pickles, onion, and garlic sauce wrapped in a perfectly heated piece of flatbread. Make no mistake -- this thing is easy to eat but it's also impervious to collapse. It's the perfect thing to eat in the car (not that I eat in the car), and at $3.99 it's a bargain. For non-carnivores, the menu has grape leaves, taboulleh, falafel, baba, the famous thyme pie, etc. Did I mention the garlic sauce?

After lunch, I strolled the aisles of the market. Picture the market side of places like Haji Baba or Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli, but about 10 times the floor space. Spices, bagged pitas and chapatis, green and roasted coffee beans, a full produce section... it's like being in a supermarket from a more interesting place .

Definitely check out the glass cases in the back, where the meat guys reign. There are halal meats available and the staff is friendly. Personally, I locked in on the case to the left of the meat counter. Olives. An armada of olives, floating in fragrant oil. Next to the olives, red pepper paste (the ultimate condiment) beckoned. I wanted it all.

Head to Baiz Market / Al-Hana for some fertile crescent-y goodness. One tip: as other Yelpers have mentioned, there's a $10.00 minimum for debit and credit cards.
Kalamata, Feta, Baklava oh my!  

Pita, Hummus, Baba oh my!

Just a few of the items that made their way into our cart as we enjoyed our first shopping trip to Baiz Market.  This place is a great resource for hard to find middle eastern ingredients.  We got a nice block of Feta much cheaper than the grocery, for example.

There were many items I saw that we didn't get this trip - we'll save them for our next excursion.  Like European Style Ovaltine.  What?  European style?  I was a big Ovaltine fan as a kid - just imagine how much more worldly I will be if a drink European Style Ovaltine purchased at a Middle Eastern Market!  Sprechen sie Global Citizen drink mix?

We ate at the little restaurant in the front.  Fabulous!  Four of us shared a plate of baba ganoush, a chicken shawarma wrap, a falafel wrap and of course an order of fries.  The kids insisted they needed the fries because they probably wouldn't like the middle eastern food.  So everything was delicious including the  fries and some serious haggling took place over who got how many bites of the chicken shawarma.  We washed everything down with a pomegranate juice drink, 2 waters and an orange crush.  Perfection!

So glad we stopped here!
Once upon a time... when Cher was still Cheryl... I sat in my auntie's old El Camino happily eating my strawberry shortcake when my auntie stopped at a red light on the corner of 20th street & Van Buren when out of no WHERE a crack head with a gun tried to car jack us. My auntie yelled and threw an half empty bottle of tequila out the window as she sped threw the intersection. This was more than 10 years ago and things haven't improved much since that day in this neighborhood.

When I read about Baiz Market it was from my fellow yelper Jim W. who ranted and raved and even encouraged me to check it out. The other night not having much to do, my friend Ree & I decided to go to Baiz Market which is just north of the intersection where my auntie & I almost got car jacked and check it out. We both have love for middle eastern food and know how to take on scary neighborhoods. 

When we walked up to the counter of the deli inside the quaint grocery store we were excited and a little scared of what to order. The cashier was SO patient and VERY nice about explaining everything to us! I really must give her props on that. There was a cab driver who was very helpful in explaining the different dishes and even recommended a few items. I listened to Tarek S. and chose the beef Shawerma it was delishous! My friend chose the chicken toolawoosh (is that spelled right?) sandwich which was very good with it's bell pepper, pickles and tomato fixins. We also chose to sample the small spinach pies which weren't that good btw and cheese pie which I could make at home with pizza crust & some cheese and the yummy yummy hummus that came with some pita bread. We also got a bottle of water and a can of imported orange soda. ALL this for only $27! Can you believe that?! 

The dining area was nice and quiet with mellow middle eastern music on in the background. Everyone kept to themselves and was nice to us even though we backed up the line. 

After our meal we wandered around the candy aisle in the grocery store and found lil heart shaped boxes of chocolates which - ummm wasn't that great! lol. We wanted to spend a heck of a lot more time going threw every aisle but unfortunatly they were closing so we had to leave. 

We will DEFINATLY be back! And prolly with a few more in tow. And no, no one tried to car jack us on our way out... but we did see a tranny hooker get questioned by the cops. Maybe if she went to Baiz Market for some baklava instead of walking the streets she wouldn't be in that situation! I'm just saying. To my yelpers, I say go! and when you go, order the beef shawerma and avoid the spinach pies! Oh and get there before 4pm so you can have time to really enjoy your meal without the rush!
I've found a new grocery shopping destination...and I think I may be in love. 

Sure, I don't know what half of the items on the shelves are used for, and I don't really care for dates, but there is just so much goodness in between the mystery items that it doesn't matter. I'm hooked. 

The produce is cheap and much better than the comparably cheap Ranch market nearby, and you just can't beat a package of freshly made pita for fifty cents. The spice array is dizzying, and I really want to find out what one does with Pomegranate syrup.  

One distinct advantage Baiz has over other markets is the meat counter. Where else in town can you get fresh lamb and goat? 

Baiz market is so great that it now has a place in regular rotation on our grocery outings. As a bonus, the Al-Hana restaurant inside is a great place to grab a cheap but excellent meal during the trip.
This store is awesome. They have a great selection of Middle Eastern groceries and products, teas, rice, spices, meat, bread, olives, boxed and canned items, juices, sodas, it is an amazing array.
The produce is great, fresh and really inexpensive. There is an on site butcher, something you rarely, if ever, see anymore. There are great deals on fresh, yes fresh, chicken, lamb, goat, beef, fish and more.
The restaurant/bakery has an array of amazing and tasty items like hummus, flat bread pies, shawarma, falafel, amazing pitas, small pies, all fresh, made on the spot for ridiculously low prices. The small pies, similar to a turnover with either meat or vegetables, are less than a dollar each and good enough to eat a dozen!
If you are a fan of Arabic and Middle Eastern food and/or products, this is the place to go. Or, even for the cultural experience, Baiz Market is well worth the trip.
I ventured to Baiz Market with a few of my my friends and boy was it worth the trip!  Al-Hana, the restaurant inside, is the ultimate hole in the wall!  The hummus is so good I could seriously bathe in it.  I had the Chicken Taook which was amazing especially the garlic dip that accompanies it!  I also tried a meat pie for only $.69!  How could I resist?

Because we went on a Tuesday night things were pretty quiet.   We wondered the grocery store after dinner and picked out sweets by the pound when we were done with dinner, this only added to the charm!

I would definitely recommend checking this place out!  Make sure you have time to peruse the store and order the hummus whether you think you like hummus or not!
Baiz Market is a wonderful ethnic experience. I went in for lunch to satisfy my curiosity and was very impressed. The market portion of the store is huge, the produce area was well stocked as were their meats (you can buy an entire goat). I wandered through the isles for quite a while taking in all the exotic spices, they had not only Middle Eastern, but also African and Asian items. There was tons of tikka sauces, red pepper pastes, hummus and baba spreads. The bakery was awesome containing date and fig breads, 50 cent pita packs and little meat pies. They also carried hookahs, tons of shisha and every accessory you can think of to go with them. 

After my shopping was finished I stopped at Al Hana, the little restaurant inside and had the beef schwarma (as recommended in several reviews). I am hoping it was just an off day, because the schwarma was very dry and grizzly and the pita it was served with was hard. I also ordered the baba ganoush and it was pretty tasty. I washed this down with a rose water (actually tastes just like it sounds but super sweet). All in all this was a great experience and I will definitely be back.
Great, authentic middle eastern grocery and super cheap to boot. Don't miss the bakery or the little restaurant. The food is great and you can eat right there. I would recommend the flatbreads. Don't expect anything fancy- very casual atmosphere- but the nice staff and great food will keep you wanting more.
I decided to check this place out a few weeks ago considering I heard so much talk about how this is the mother of all middle eastern markets in phoenix. 
To be quite honest, I had much higher expectations- considering Ive visited middle eastern markets in other large cities across the U.S.
They are stocked up on just about all the middle eastern staples like dried nuts, beans, couscous, pickled lemons and various spices. 
At the mini restaurant in the market I tried the shawarma- the thing is if you cant get a proper shawarma down right then lets not go any further. 
It was okay, nothing spectacular or I'd drive out of my way to eat.
I guess if your in the area and need some middle eastern staples pass by.
Can't wait to go back for more discoveries.

When I was in Jordan last year, I picked up 2 lbs (or whatever their measure) of assorted baklava for $6 and ate it (with a little help) in five days, while losing ten pounds. Got all that? The baklava diet. Gotta love it.

So I went to Baiz hoping for some more amazing baklava. Bought the 1 pound assortment for $16; two weeks later, still some left.  It's delicious, pricier, definitely not dietetic, and not quite the same as Jordanian baklava. Still yummy.

Also had the hummus, baba ghanoush and pita. Loved the hummus and pita (very fresh).
What a great little market! I was excited to finally find a new ethnic shop to use, and man did I hit the jackpot!  The restaurant, Al Hana, is really great as well. They have a great butcher in the back of the store, all the pastries you could ever want and even a huge hookah case, if that's your bag. If your looking for a great ethic shopping experience, this is it!
My husband is the cook and I love when he visits this market. He arrives home with a bag filled with amazing items and money still in the bank! If you are planning on a new meal, you must add this place to you list of errands. Go there during lunch and grab a bite before you shop, mouth watering food!
If you need goat or lamb meat, you can get it here. This wasn't the reason for our trip to Baiz Market this weekend--we went for Al-Hana dining, which was delicious. However, the walk through the grocery portion of this place was great. We picked up some produce and feta cheese [I think they make their own: Confirmed, they make their own!] and overall had a great experience.

I can't wait to go back and take more time to discover some wonderful products and new foods.
Baiz Market is part Middle Eastern market, Lebanese cafe and pita bread factory. We found out about this little Middle-Eastern gem through a friend and headed over there for lunch. 

The cafe serves everything from shawarma to tabouli along with authentic Middle Eastern refreshments. We had the chicken shawarma, tabbouleh and hummus. All were fantastic and reminded me of dinners with our Afghani friends. The The market carries a wide-selection of Middle Eastern and European foods along with fresh meats, vegetables and a bakery.

Baiz is a little off the beaten path, so to speak, but worth the drive to find it and enjoy some wonderful Middle Eastern delights.
I was excited to try this after my friend told me what great reviews it had on yelp.  I was not overly impressed.  The employees were kind and helpful.  I ordered a falafel sandwhich, stuffed grape leaves and babaganouj.  I did not care for the falafel as it had a cinnamon type flavoring in it.  I have eaten lots of falafel and this is the only one I have ever had that I didn't really care for.  The stuffed grape leaves were edible but tasted exactly like the ones I get out of a jar from Trader Joes.  The babaganouj was DELICIOUS though.   If you go I highly recommend you order this eggplant dip.  Yum!
I'm moving in. The end. This is the most authentic shop (of any variety) that I've seen since I moved to Arizona. It reminds me of the mercados I used to hit up in VA in that it has everything, hookahs to religious art, and of course food. 

The bakery was a mystery to me. I pointed at a few things, have since tried two of them, and I have no idea what they are. But I like them. There is a huge section devoted to turkish delights, as I sadly found out after making my purchases. Great cheeses! Massive quantities of dried fruits, nuts, olives and canned meats. 

If you see me brushing my teeth in aisle 4, please don't mess up my cot in aisle 2. Thanks.
Wow!  I only wish there were more convenient locations for a tasty shawarma like this in town.  This place is a diamond in the rough but worth the trip off the beaten path.  Praise God for their tasty shawarma!
First off I cannot comment on the Restaurant, as I only went here to buy grocery's. 

That said I am excited about the products this place carries. First off, the Meat counter had Goat, which makes me very happy. It is rare to find Goat in most places. I really liked their selection of meats. Almost as amazing as Ranch Market.

The Baklava was OMG AMAZING!!!!!! I had to hide it so I would not continue eating! My only complaint was it was kind of pricey, but it is probably best for my diet that it was pricey, ya know what I mean?

They had some interesting produce you don't see most places, although as a whole there produce is limited.

Their selection of spices was vast, they probably have anything you might be looking for. 

Looking forward to go back and try the restaurant...oh and don't forget to pick up some more Baklava.
My daughter found this Phoenix gem. The little restaurant inside has the best falafel, chicken shawarma and hummus in Phoenix. It beat Mazza in Salt Lake, too, according to my daughter, and she said that would never happen. Now I find any and every excuse to stop by for a falafel sandwich. New hope for the global future of Phoenix.
Although I would like to take the credit for finding this awesome little market and restaurant on my own, I can't... Tucked away on a side street just outside of the heart of Downtown Phoenix, Baiz is one of those kinds of places that I just would have never stumbled across in my usual wanderings had I not been clued into its existence by my good friends over at CenPho.com.

With so much awesomeness crammed into such a small place, it's a little hard to decide where to start... Since it is the primary part of Baiz, I guess I'll start with the market... From the first second that I walked into the doors, I was washed over with a feeling that I've missed from my days of living in San Francisco where I would routinely go shopping in a variety of small and authentic ethnic markets. The shelves were fully-stocked with a huge variety of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean products: a multitude of tasty fruit preserves and jams, spices galore, tahini by the jar or bucket (and every size in-between) and even hot ajvar (a condiment that's held a special place in my heart ever since I discovered it in college).

But for me the real shining star of the market was the deli and baked goods section. With a glass case filled with an assortment of different kinds olives and cheeses (some of which I've never heard of before) that includes a variety of fresh feta cheeses, it was like love at first sight. But looking just left of the olives and cheeses made me even happier: stacks of fresh, daily-made pita, rows of baklava (honey-drizzled pastries), slabs of halawa (sesame candy), a bin of turkish delight (jellied fruit squares) and pans of mamoul (fruit-filled cookie bars) all seemed to be calling my name... Must... Resist... Temptation... Onto the restaurant.

So I know it's not exactly the most culinarily-complex dish to choose, but the epitome of good Middle Eastern fare for me is a falafel sandwich. And while it's not quite up to the level of my all-time favorite from Falafel Drive-In in San Jose, CA (pretty close, though), Baiz definitely makes the best falafel sandwich that I've tried so far in the Phoenix area (and I have tried a few). The falafels were flavorful with a great texture (crunchy on the outside yet tender on the inside) and served with lettuce, turnips, tomatoes and tahini inside a fresh pita (I like to add in some hot sauce as well)... A quick side note: you'll be hard-pressed to find a better deal for lunch in the Downtown Phoenix area ($3 for a wonderfully tasty and filling meal).

Although I haven't yet had the opportunity to try too many of the other dishes that the restaurant has to offer (dolmades, hummus, savory pies, etc.) due to the fact that I'm usually too full after the sandwich, I have tried the baba ghannouj, spinach pie and cheese pie. The baba ghannouj has a wonderful smokey flavor and great taste without being overly-infused with garlic. The "small" plate was definitely big enough for 2-3 people to share. The spinach and cheese pies were also great. Made fresh there at the restaurant, all their savory pies are handmade.

So if you're ever in need of some tasty Middle Eastern/Mediterranean  ingredients or feel like chomping down on an awesome falafel sandwich, check out Baiz in Phoenix. I think you'll be happy you did.
Found this place thanks to yelp. I was excited to try my new hole-in-the-wall finding especially given all the great reviews. I was hoping to be amazed and wowed, but.... alas.... I really wasn't. 
This review is based solely on the meal itself. Serving size was very generous, but flavor was missing from the chicken. The garlic sauce stuff is amazing though, I will give them that. I'm not quite sure what was missing, but something was. Don't get me wrong, I'd go again if in the area, I just didn't think it was super super awesome. 
Just as an FYI, the restaurant is within the store itself, which is found in a fairly ghetto part of town. Didn't bother me a bit, but you never know who's out there reading these things.
I wanted to love this place but I'm going to have to give it three stars only. 

The market itself is superb, with pretty much every possible ingredient, an outstanding butchery selling every part of the lamb (and whole lambs), industrial sized blocks of feta cheese, etc.

The restaurant is a small kitchen area with maybe ten tables.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating, but frankly, the food we had was good but not great.  The hummus in particular was not garlicky at all. The roasted chicken was a bit dry and the fattoush was, well, to me at least, it was a nice kind of sweet salad, not a proper fattoush.  It was basically lettuce with a bit of tomato and olive.  No cucumbers and no dried pita bread, which is kind of odd since they have a fabulous bakery and the bread was the highlight of the meal.

We bought extra bread to go and I'd go just for that.  But as far as the food, I'd go in the neighborhood but it's not quite the mecca of mezzes that I was hoping for.  

And if you want to buy a whole lamb, this is the place.
Baiz Market makes me happy to be alive. Seriously.

Great Middle Eastern grocery items, a full selection of great mediterranean drinks, and an awesome restaurant  to boot (See Al-Hana under Restaurants).

I believe this is the only place in town where you can find a full wall of Hookahs for sale in an abandoned videogame case. Seriously.

If there is some rare European or Mediterranean candy, snack, or confection that you haven't been able to find elsewhere, odds are you will find it here.  Oh, and you can buy a whole goat if you're into that kinda thing. yeah, just check out the goat-sized cooler by the produce section.
I grew up in the Middle East and I have been searching for a tasty shawarma ever since I left.  Finally, I found one at Baiz. I've had both the chicken and falafel shawarmas and they are sooooo good! They are pretty close to the ones I had overseas, but they could be perfect if they put pickles and french fries inside - - Yum! I've also had the zatar (delicious) and the cheese bread (ok, but not like I remember). The baklava, however, is a whole different story - it's absolutely delicious! I could eat their baklava all day long!

It's really fun to walk around the grocery store while you wait for your food. For me, it's like a trip down memory lane. It's nice to know that when I'm feeling a bit homesick, I can always go to Baiz and reminisce :)

So, if you want a great lunch...head here and order a shawarma, zatar and vimto with a couple of pieces of baklava for dessert. You won't be disappointed. 

P.S. They have great prices on hookahs here, too :)
This review has been waiting and waiting for me to get it out there, so here goes...

Baiz market reminds me of Chicago. There are so many great Middle Eastern markets back there that I felt spoiled when I came to Phoenix and didn't know of many. If you think of Lee Lee as the goto spot for all of your Asian cooking needs, then Baiz is the place to go to for all of your Middle Eastern cooking needs. And, with Al Hana (check out my review for that too) right inside to satiate your hunger, Baiz is numero uno in my book! 

This place is fantastic, the food is fantastic, the prices are fantastic and being able to grab all the ingredients I need to make homemade baba ganoush while snacking on an amazing kufta sandwich, is pretty okay too! =)
I wish I was a good enough cook to be able to put all the exotic ingredients this place stocks to good use.   But even for an amatuer like myself, this place is well-worth a visit.  For under $10, I got: 1. dried apricots, 2. dried papaya, 3. baby carrots, 4. small deli container of delish green olives, 5. fresh ginger, 6. a bag of dried garbanzo beans.   Then I went to the restaurant and for another $3, I got a nice sized to-go portion of awesome hummus, which came with two big, fresh pitas.  Yumzo.  

Not the most foreign selection on my part, but with prices like that, I will be a little more adventourous next visit.
Baiz Market is a "Mediterranean" type restaurant, or "Arabic" type food. Well, you could get confused and call it that. The fact of the matter is though, that this place has a very unique touch. This restaurant is a staple not only for groceries, but also its food. The owner is persian, so you can tell where the tastes are coming from. Its somewhat hidden in the heart of Phoenix, but that's ok, once you are there you will be glad you found it.

This place is unique because they make their own bread! Are you kidding me? I only recently found out about this place like 3 years ago, and I've been living in Phoenix for 20 years. The chicken and beef shawarma have a special, authentic taste because of the fresh bread. One of the best parts about the shawarma is not only its amazing taste, but the pricing is very fair as well. I don't think I can stress this enough, but the fresh bread just sets this place apart from all the impostors in the Phoenix metro area. Why haven't the other restaurants caught on? I know of maybe one persian restaurant that makes their own bread, but their pricing makes them a different story (I'm talking about 'The Persian Room' in Scottsdale).

I just don't understand how other restaurants can serve the bread that comes in plastic bags from a manufacturer hundreds of miles away. 'Good bread' and 'Arabic bread' are all good forms of pita that have great shelf life due to the ridiculous amounts of preservatives, but they just don't taste fresh.

If you like the bread, head to the back of the store and there is a shelf of freshly baked pita bread, its baked throughout the day, I think. I can tell because sometimes my bread is still warm and the bag has a little condensation. Beware though, the bread gets hard and crunchy after a few days, so you really need to use it quickly. This isn't bad, its just I think they choose not to add preservatives to ensure the freshness of the pita.

I usually just get the chicken or beef shawarma, but I decided I'd get a kabob plate one day because I also wanted hummus. The beef kabob plate came with hummus, bread, 2 skewers of beef kabob, and some pickles and onions. Wow. The beef kabobs were cooked perfectly, and were EXTREMELY tender. It was a tad bit on the lemony side, but I suppose that was necessary to make it so tender. Perhaps some of the best 'persian kabobs' I have ever had. The hummus was definitely good as well, I can't stand restaurants that crack open a can of premade hummus. This restaurant certainly did not disappoint with the hummus.

I know friends in Tucson that make stops specifically at this place for shawarma, and rightly so. If you're weary of persian food, just check this place out. Its not expensive at all, food for two is like $15. The wide variety of ethnic foods is also interesting.
This market has the BEST lamb anywhere I have found in the Phoenix area and the prices are extremely good. I love the meat department here and would recommend it to anyone looking for the best quality meat at the best prices.
Yet another Central PHX gem that I have heard sooo much about and had yet to stop in at until this past Sunday afternoon.  So many of my Middle Eastern favorites.  But I came to find that you have to come early for lamb and goat as the selection becomes limited.   I loved the variety of cheeses and plain yoguart. The fresh breads and sweets lured my carb loving self to pick up some wonderful fresh goodies.  
The menu at Al Hana looked very tasty but I didn't have the time to stop in for a bite.   
My sweet tooth has assured me I will be back sooner than I expect, I am sure.
A very well hidden gem!  It was a chore to find this place (coming from the SR51), but once we did, we were happy to have found it!.  

This place is hidden in the Ghetto, but the food is excellent!  My wife said that it was the best falafel she had had in a VERY long time.  The hummus was fresh and tasty.  The steak "sandwich" (which was a wrap)

The pita bread was awesome...  They have a meat and pastry counter in the back of the store...the baklava was soooo yummy!

...oh and the portions are LARGE!!


4.5 stars!   -0.5 because of the location :P
Came here with friends for some Shawarma. Really good and affordable. The three of us each got one plus some other goods from the deli case all for less than $20.

They have a seating area or you can take your food to go. Full market of international groceries which seem very reasonably priced. Lots of hard to find items can be found here.
We no longer buy our meat from this place because the quality of service and product has been going down and down over the last year or so. After having to throw away the ground beef for the second time, we finally made the switch to I-Mart for all our meat related purchases. When we would ask for extra lean ground beef, we would have to pay an astronomically high price AND it was still not extra lean. It was full of fat and seems like they were mixing in lamb with it too because it stank like hell. 

I was getting tired of being badly treated by the butchers who conveniently went deaf when we would ask for something (not in Arabic) but would be completely on their toes helping whoever spoke in Arabic exclusively with them. One time when I asked for a woman to repeat herself behind the counter, she literally stared and me for a few seconds and moved over and started helping someone else. I guess we are not good enough for them to help over there. 

We still like the Al-Hana restaurant and they do offer some good spices that we will go in and purchase but we will no longer be using their meat counter.
Don't let the slightly sketchy neighborhood put you off.  Baiz market has some of the best food in town.  The small deli (cafe?  Not sure what to call it) located in the market has all of the staples such as shwarma and falafel.  the prices are cheap, The service is snappy and friendly, and the food is exceptional, especially considering the price.  Wash down your meal with any one of many exotic drinks (or, just choose a diet coke) in the beverage cooler.  Even if you've stuffed yourself silly, wander on back to the bakery.  The assortment of traditional Middle Eastern sweets can't be matched anywhere in town.  Come early and wander around in the market to pick up your selection of hard to find ingredients.
Market = Five stars - they have EVERYTHING - including full size doner/kebab roasting machines, which is awesome.   
Restaurant = Two stars.  I wasn't terribly impressed.  The seating area is gross, they were out of a few options we wanted to try, and the sandwiches we ordered were kind of bland.  Really cheap, though!
A friend and I split a beef shawarma, a chicken shawarma, and a couple of different types of baklavas. And a meat pie.  So we had a total of 7 items and it cost $16. Nice! My favorite was the chicken shawarma, marinated chicken and some veggies with a garlic spread wrapped in a pita which is baked on-premises. The baklava-type desserts consisted of flaky pastry with a custard-type of filling. Forgive me for not knowing the exact names of the ingredients as I know very little about the ins and outs of Middle Eastern food other than putting it IN my mouth! Some of the crusts could be a little oily around the edges. Only enough of a deterrent to remind me not to eat these every day! 

Service is fast and friendly; I will definetly return!
The store market seems like a great market that I'll need to check out at another time. But for my first visit to Baiz Market, I just went to the food counter to order some food.

I could comment on the mediocre service, but I really didn't care. I had a chicken shwarma sandwich and a small side of tabouli - which became a large when I realized that I needed to spend more than 10 bucks to use my debit card...I hate it when that happens. The sandwich was plain - a lot of meat, little of anything else. I know that the chicken should be the main player of the sandwich, but I like having enough of the other things as well. The tabouli was also good, but tasted like it was missing something...what, I don't know, but  I've had better.

All in all, I prefer other middle eastern restaurants in the valley, and so I'm not sure if I would choose here again for dinner.
Love this place.  I can walk the aisles for a long time just looking at all the goods.  They have groceries as well as kitchen supplies.  Everything is priced very reasonably, and the prices on some of their bulk products can't be beat.  The restaurant has cheap and yummy falafel pitas (pickled beets, yay!!) and super yummy spinach pies.  Oder them.  You shall not be disappointed.
The prices are super cheap, buy your spices here. Also, the restaurant is amazing. The beef shawerma sandwich with a yogurt drink is incredible. If you get fries, get the garlic butter dip.
This place is fantastic - full service grocery of Persian/Mediteranean products, delicious food ready-to-eat at the cafe.  Why pay more to go anywhere else?  Baiz has what you need!  Pita, Hummus, Baklava, Falafel, tahini, mmmmm.....
This grocery store/ restaurant has a really good shawrma. The other items on the menu are also good, like the Med. pizza and the small stuffed pastries. 

The store also has a vast array of Arabic bread and naan. 

ENJOY!
The baklava here is the best outside of the Middle East
What a GREAT place to pick up some snacks or lunch on the way into or out of the airport. We flew in and out of Phoenix on either end of a car trip. We found this place on Yelp on the way into town, and stopped there again on the way back out because we loved it so much. It's 5-10 minutes from the airport by car. We especially loved the meat pies, the grape leaves, and the spinach pastries. Don't forget to get a tray of baklava from the sweets counter in the back - they were the perfect snack for a road-tripping family.

NOTE: the service is pretty slow. Try calling in your order 10-15 minutes before you get there. You might still have to wait in a line at the sandwich counter, but at least it'll save you a few minutes.
We were in the neighborhood and my coworker suggested we stop here for lunch.  I spent a lot of time in the Middle-East, so my expectation is high, and I have to say the food is fantastic!  I had a chicken schwarna and it was hot and good and quick and as good as any I had overseas.  I will go back any time!
Hummus, pita, dates, and Vimto!  Such a great place to add some variety in your grocery shopping.  Baiz really caters to the local neighborhood and provides great deals for fruit, veggies, spices, and pita!  Can you beat $.50 cent pita bread baked fresh daily?!

There is also a tasty restaurant to pick up shawarma, falafel, and all honey pistachio treats.

If you've ever been to the middle east....this will whisk you back to fond memories.
One of the best middle eastern market that I've ever been in. It's set up partly as a supermarket/grocery, halal meat/butcher, bread/pastry & prepared food eat in or take-out. Very good selection of middle eastern groceries, fresh pita bread & pastries and decent take out/cafe, especially the spinach pies! Also it's so convenient to the 51 freeway. Every time I'm in the area I stop in. By the way I've never had a problem with the service there, everyone seems to be rather cheerful & helpful.
The baba ganuj ("vinete" if you're Romanian) is good. Had a shawarma and enjoyed it. Plus, you can roam around the market and get yourself some European or Asian chocolate or candy.
This place ROX.  Cheap store-made Pita bread, and the cashiers are VERY CUTE.

Excellent for this type of food.
Baiz is a great place for your Middle Eastern grocery shopping needs.  They are stocked with items such as imported mango juice, fresh pitas, a variety of feta cheese, yogurts and kefir cheese, frozen parathas, etc.  In other words, if you need some Middle Eastern grocery items, you will probably find them here.

The prices are mostly reasonable and the place isn't the cleanest.  But, I still recommend Baiz as a top Middle Eastern grocery market in Phoenix.
Now I know how non-Asians feel inside Lee Lee's...and the best part?  They sold me pure fat for 0.99cents a lb (best to call ahead, though I caught them in the middle of a butchering and they happen to have a slab handy to chop for me immediately), which is wonderful for adding into your own homemade sausages.  I used to purchase the fat pre-pckgd at Lee Lee's but could no longer find it in the past year, so I am glad to have discovered this place!
I Loved this place! I can't say enough great things. The owners are the nicest people ever. The food..... To die for!! Prices are great and everything is fresh. I would eat here everyday. 

Lori P
Moderately good food. Less than I expected. Cash needed
In a town with arguably dozens of grocery options, Baiz is a unpolished gem. It's on an unassuming sidestreet and the exterior is a typical desert drab, but inside you will find high quality and very reasonably priced international groceries. Greek, Middle Eastern, Ethiopian, Indian and more. Most of the brands aren't immediately recognizable by Americans but that shouldn't be a deal-breaker. We're talking 99 cent hummus, 99 cent fresh baked pita,  condiments of every type and price, and great options for coffee and tea drinkers. This store is very awesome, and I would actually prefer to give this small business my bucks over national chain grocers. 

They also sell hookahs. Just saying.
I want to start saying that I'm new to Phoenix and I searched online and I decide to visit this place and my remarks about this place as the following: 
Restaurant: I have tried both beef and chicken shawarma; i didn't like the taste of their chicken shawarma so I wanted to try their beef shawarma; this is what I have to tell about their beef shawarma; 
They use the cheapest quality! Why??? Okay, here is why, I don't know if other people experience that, there is a lot of intramuscular fat in the meat which indicate that the animal stopped growing and they are putting way more fat in their body than what they need to. The more fat is collected in the muscle is going to be harder to trim, therefore the price of that meat is going to be cheaper because of the excess fat in the muscle tissues. This was the reason why I stopped buying that sandwich.
Fantastic!  I went to three different markets before I found what I was looking for at Baiz.  Very nice produce, good selection of spices and canned foods.
I've always been a fan of ethnic grocery stores, and now I have a new favorite!

I stopped in today for the first time, just on a whim.  After wandering around the store and picking up a few interesting items, I decided to get lunch from their cafe.  I had a spicy meat pie and a lamb kebab wrap, and they were both phenomenal - I fear the meat pie may become a new addiction for me.

I had a few random questions about some products I was unfamiliar with, and everyone was polite and courteous, definitely a refreshing change from some of the other places I've shopped.  

The only challenge with the entire excursion was parking - they've got a very compact lot (and they're popular), so it was a challenge finding a spot that my truck could fit in.  On the upside, there's lots of streetside parking available.

Baiz Market, I'm glad to add you to my list of regularly-scheduled ethnic food destinations!
I recently bought chicken from the restaurant for takeout and to my surprise when i opened it at home it was dry like a rock, filled with olive oil as if they are passing it as fresh chicken, we threw it away,  even my dog wouldn't eat it.  They were selling it as a whole chicken, cut up and I kind of suspected something when I noticed the cook was picking the chicken from some covered place and didn't see a whole chicken cut up in front of me!

Left over chicken from the day before should never be sold to customers and pass it as fresh chicken, they should be glad I didn't drive back and throw the chicken in their face. I would never buy there again and I hope the health department looks into their practice. If you don't have fresh chicken to sell customers, just say that! Don't sell me something old, you won't feed to your own family, you just lost a long time customer!
One of the best middle-eastern markets around town second to Haji-baba.
Grab some grub before you shop, the restaurant inside Baiz is great, I reccomend the schwarma wraps and falafel. I love this market, the people are nice and sometimes you can find neat stuff for super cheap. "Yes sweetie I do need this banana slicer, you expect me to slice my own bananas? and it comes with an apple slicer, not JUST a banana slicer".
For the price, all of the following is true: Awesome butcher, awesome produce, awesome restaurant. Good selection of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean foods that you might have trouble finding elsewhere (ex. soujouk).  Recommended.
I adore this locally owned market tucked away on 20th street in central phoenix.  Clean and well organized, from the parking lot all the way through.  Mighty diverse  for its size, with its own bakery, butcher and a little cafe (where you can find the fresh hummus, pies, pita bread, kabob and gyros platters large enough to share..  International flavors with an emphasis on middle eastern.  Flatbreads, cheeses, baklava.  Their produce section is a little weaker but perfectly serviceable if you get a little picky.  I wish they had something besides shamrock brand milk (they do have a ton of yogurt drinks which maybe you are supposed to use the same way as milk - anybody know?). Here is the best part.  We went for lunch and the entire bakery aisle was full + there were about 50 whole chickens in the butcher case.  I returned the same night after 6 pm to do grocery shopping and found about 10 packages of flatbread remaining, with a sign directing customers to the freezer section.  Over on the butcher side the 50 chickens were completely GONE and the butcher was busy cutting more.  No doubt I got a fresh one and it is encouraging to see them doing such a brisk business.  Planning to make this my summer go to grocery store to keep my dollars local!  Sure they are missing some of the traditional grocery store staples but it will be fun to invent new dishes with what is here.  A perfect place to shop on your staycation and make ethnic food 'as if' you were there!

Ps the parking lot has these faux log tree posts that made me smile and wonder what the heck this building used to be....some kind of western saloon or?  Reminded me of something you might see at the old knotts berry farm back in the days before roller coasters, when they were known for fried chicken, jam, burro rides and panning for gold.  If I see a burro tied to one of these hitchin' posts someday I wouldn't  bat an eye.
I love this market for Middle Eastern/Indian food supplies. Pickled turnips, cheap phyllo, spices galore! I'm in heaven. The pastries and pita for sale are equally delicious. I've yet to try the butcher, but will be back soon to hopefully get some high quality halal meat. The best part thus far--eating at the restaurant inside the grocery.

If there was a 4.5, they'd win it...simple cafe inside Baiz Market. I ordered entirely too much food to-go and was not disappointed by the price or taste!! Large hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouli (entire package of house-made pita included) + falafel wrap and shawarma wrap = about $30 and is enough food to eat as leftovers for days. 

Best of the best was the baba ghanoush. You can really taste the roasted/charred quality of the eggplant and it is balanced perfectly with the tahini. I love the slight chunkiness of the puree that really highlights and respects the ingredients. (Grade: A+++)

The falafel sandwich/wrap was also AMAZING! Great balance of pickles, tomatoes, tahini, etc. Cheaper than the other wraps (though all are super cheap given the quality ingredients, this is about $4) and the staff favorite. (Grade: A)

I asked the gal taking my order what her next fav wrap and followed her suggestion of the chicken shawarma. This was certainly good, but I'll definitely stick with the falafel. (Grade: B+) 

Tabouli was also spectacular! I would have preferred a bit more lemon, but was pleasantly surprised that they didn't overload it with bulgar (huge pet peeve of mine). (Grade: A) 

Lastly, the hummus is flavored more strongly with tahini than other hummus I've tried from M.E. restaurants, but texture is fantastic and I'm a fan! I'd say it's a standard hummus that won't blow your socks off, but is still certainly delicious. If you are new to hummus, this is the perfect intro. (Grade: A-)

All and all, everything was well worth the trip, money and calories. The large sides fill up an entire full-size to-go box.  I will be back for sure!!
8 different kinds of olives prices range from $2.69-4.99/lb, great deal because they are $8.99/lb in the regular grocery store.
Pair them up with fresh feta and pita and you're set.
Great place. You definitely aren't going to find this place casually driving around town.   If your looking for ambiance this isn't your spot. If you want unique, great food, then this is your place.  You will leave full and feel like you learned a bit about different cultures.
While the restaurant inside this store is nothing particularly exciting to rave about (see my review), the store itself is the real gem.  

Compared to Haji Baba --- in my mind, the only real compeititor in the Valley --- which has a small, but very good selection of Middle Eastern and other "affiliated" foods, Baiz Market is much larger and has much more to choose from.  They have a variety of cheeses and lebni (labna) in the dairy area that is unmatched.  They also have a good selection of frozen lamb, whitefish and other goods, which are uncommon and very difficult to find in the Valley.  Finally, we bought a medium tray of mixed baklava to compare to Haji Baba's offering and they're quite superior.  I have no doubt, that, although not in a good neighborhood and very "industrial" looking, this grocery store is THE place to go for all kinds of Middle Eastern products.

It also doesn't hurt, that it's located in central Phoenix.  For those of us who live in the West Valley, that's a significantly shorter drive than trekking all the way to Tempe.
Outstanding market! Clean, organized, and a great selection of well-priced staples, produce, cheese, and meats. The lamb chops were half of what they are at Sprouts. Ditto for the feta cheese. The pastries looked heavenly, however I mustered up the strength to pass on them. I haven't tried to deli, but look forward to doing so soon.
Great place to shop at when you're needing ingredients to make some homemade Middle Eastern food. They have several choices and brands of everything you could desire. Just pick out some tasty recipes at home and bring in your shopping list.

Normally get the ingredients to make fresh Tzatziki, Hummus, and some Beef and Lamb Gyros or Kabobs. Last time picked up some Jordanian Green Zaatar. Saw them make it on a DDD show. Just mix it with some olive oil and add a little chopped onion and tomato. Really good on freshly toasted pitas or even English muffins.

My favorite here is the amazing butcher section with all the different cuts of the lamb. Hearts, livers, kidneys, tongue, rocky mountain parts, and even the head. The Chicken case also looked nice and got my attention.

Nice Pita Bread selection and then some. Had to pick up a few extras to put in my freezer. You can even use these to make personal size pizzas by adding a little sauce and some cheese. Cool project for the kids when they are needing a treat.

Looking forward to trying their restaurant on my next visit. It always smells good and is packed with hungry people. Had several Yelp friends recommend it. Hi Guys!

Kinda tucked away in a small neighborhood off the freeway. Place gets really busy and parking can be tricky. This place is like a top secret OASIS in the Desert. TOUCHDOWN!

4 STARS
Al Hana, their restaurant inside of the grocery store is a total 5 stars!  This review is for the Baiz Market, the grocery store.  For us, this is a great "go to" place for some key items we need from time to time that our local grocer doesn't carry and/or they offer a better quality.  

Some of the items we shop for while at the Baiz Market; 
~the BEST place in town to get your pita bread!  Both white and wheat and in different sizes.  
~they have a fantastic selection of middle eastern spices especially curries.  
~they have some great butchers that will chop, slice and dice every part of a lamb, cow or goat.  
~they butcher fresh ground to 30/70, 20/80 and 10/90 
~a great selection of nuts, sesame seed and olive oils, curries
~some great pastries 

Sometimes they have seasonal produce you may not find at your local grocer but you have to search for it.  Their produce is not one of their qualities.  

It's a great place to pick up some groceries and have a bite to eat!  Maybe I'll see you there.
First Visit Expierienc

4 star on variety of items on the shelves

1 star on the beef shwarma in the restaurant-chewy, fatty, dry, tasteless little scorched pieces of meat on top of rice--Enough said!!

Go shopping but skip the restaurant.
The neighborhood may be rough, but the market is really a hidden gem.  This is the Middle Eastern market you need to go to in Phoenix.  They actually have injera on sale regularly!!!

The shish taook was wonderful.  My wife and I enjoyed the sandwiches.  If you can get over the neighborhood, it is a wonderful place.  The surrounding neighborhood appears rough.
Great place to find eastern Mediterranean and Middle East groceries. Love the cheeses, fruits and vegetables, meats and bakery. My favorite thing to do is order food from Al-Hana when I arrive (middle eastern cafe on site) and my take out is ready when I am ready to check out. I love the multicultural environment, people from the Caribbean, Muslims, Christians, Hindus...
I can't believe I've been shopping here this entire century and haven't written a review - well timed at least - this is my 100th.

First and foremost - they make their own yogurt and labneh. Secondly, the spinach and herb mixture in their spinach pies is the best this side of lower Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn. Now that I think of it, several brands in here I haven't seen since Brooklyn.

Their fresh produce section is big, varied, and fresh. They butcher their own meat.  They have an excellent selection of honeys, herbs, spices, olives and flat breads. 

Best of all, on many Saturdays, I find I'm the only native English speaker in the place.
I love shopping at specialty markets like Baiz Market.  My quest was for merguez sausages which they sadly did not have, but I found a number of other unusual items for my cupboard whilst browsing here.  They have harissa (Tunisian red pepper condiment), very affordable fresh lamb meat, and super low priced fresh pita bread (79 cents a package... ridiculously cheap)!

I also picked up some other items I was thrilled to find.  I bought Tamarind Syrup, which I intend to use in some Tiki cocktail creation (the Monkeypod, if memory serves). I also grabbed some canned hummus and canned baba ghannoush.  If these taste comparable to fresh, I may keep it stocked in my pantry at all times (to impress unexpected guests)!  I noted that they have ground lamb and beef kababs in the freezer section that I have to try.  I have fond childhood memories of an Egyptian friend bringing these to family barbecues, and have not been able to duplicate them since.

I couldn't complete my shopping experience here without sampling something at the in-store snack bar (Al Hana).  I ordered a Chicken Schwarma sandwich (wrap) to go and was an instant fan.  I enjoyed it at home with my own bottle of sriracha at the ready.  This is a bit different from other Chicken Schwarmas I've had for one notable reason... the inclusion of pickles.  I think it was pickled okra actually, but for sure, the entire wrap was delectable.

I'm coming back to Baiz Market for all of the goodies I spotted and for others I have yet to discover!
Been here a bunch of times. Great food and inexpensive. Everything is good, but chicken shwarma and falafel are my favorite.
Good quality halal meat which is hard to find. Also good freshly baked sweets.
I jus t went to the store it was iust ok. It didn't really cater to the food we wanted which was African food it was mostly Middle Eastern and I saw Greek accompaniments. They had no fresh hot peppers like habenero or plantains so we headed to Rancho Market which had lots of fresh ingredients. 

We did purchase goat meat. Make sure you "pull" a number otherwise you will be standing around like I was looking crazy.
Good food. Tried the lamb kabob plate and the roasted chicken. Both were good. The meat was tender on the chicken and the kabob had good flavor. Environment is good it's a mix of restaurant and grocery store.
This is the best place to find large, gooey, fresh dates! It is hard to get out of the door without a spinach pie or baklava.
Love this place. I discovered it a couple of years ago and go there fairly regularly now. Great prices on produce. Lots of specialty items that are difficult to find elsewhere.
The restaurant is excellent. We fell in love with their chicken shawarma sandwiches and get them all the time. The pastries are fantastic too.
I've always liked East Indian food......moderately, that is. it's not a cuisine that I'd turn down, but it's never been one I'd seek out, either. That is until I discovered the Tandoori Village. Now.....mmmmm, I'm thinkin' Indian.

At the SE corner of Bell Road and 43rd Avenue, happily enough in my immediate neighbourhood, the restaurant is established in a freestanding building that has been, to my knowledge, occupied by half a dozen other restaurants over the past dozen years. Let's hope the TV hangs in there...I have dined and lunched there half a dozen times over the past few months, and have yet to be disappointed with anything off of their menu. It's ALL been good, from the garlic naan to the lamb tandoori. Vegetarian fare is listed on the menu, though I've never tried it. Chai (milky tea) is available from the counter, comp'd.

Interestingly, unlike any other East Indian restaurant I have patronized, the management of the TV do not offer a lunch buffet. I heard one of the owners comment that to do so would 'dumb down' the quality of his food. Given the results from his a la carte menu, I'm not about to argue with the man.

The ambience isn't much....about what you'd expect of a Denny's, really. The service can be bit amateurish and clumsy, the serving staff being composed, apparently, of work-study teenagers from the nearby high school. Still, they're friendly and do try hard. Curiously, the waitstaff are about the only Anglos you'll see in the place. The kitchen folks and virtually all of the patrons, from my observation, are East Indian....which says something about an ethnic restaurant.

Good stuff! The place has been there for about a year, and one hopes they'll be there for many to come.

It's lunchtime. Hmmm....I'm thinkin' Tandoori Village.
Only been here once, and once was enough. The place is absolutely crap. Not that I typically care about decor, but it was dingy as hell inside - in fact, your bog standard Denny's is like a Taj Mahal by comparison.

As others have commented, there was some ethnic fair-skinned girl on duty when we went. I know she was Ukrainian because the couple behind us picked up on the accent (which was almost too thick to understand) and asked her. Not exactly authentic, but then again that's something else I'm not typically concerned with.

What I am concerned with, however, is food quality - in particular places that skimp on stuff. I got a saag dish - can't remember what it was, probably beef or aloo - and it was completely drowned in the saag (pureed spinach). Wife got the butter chicken, same thing - 80% sauce, 20% meat. And the taste was just a-ight, nothing special at all which made it even more annoying. I could have cooked the same thing at home for a tenth the price.

During the course of the meal, I noticed something which looked like a black beetle with its innards spilling out. I've seen plenty of cardamom seeds in my time, but the ones I'm used to are khaki-ish-greenish in colour and a lot smaller than this was. I called Ms Ukraine over and asked her what it was. She - get this - gave me a scared expression and said in her halting English "I.. not know! don't eat it!!" then scurried off. Don't eat it?! I had a sniff of the seed and it was definitely a cardamom - evidently a Giant Black North American Cardamom. Frankly, looking at the place I wouldn't have been surprised if it -was- a beetle.

Never going back. I wouldn't have even if the server HADN'T have advised me not to eat the food. Best Indian on the west side remains Tandoori Times II on NE cnr 57th and W Bell, and even that's a far cry from what I've had in Sydney and San Fran. I second Mr K.'s observation - avoid this place.
One of the dirtiest places serving Indian Cuisine I've ever visited.  There were food crumbs everywhere on the floor.  The decor is from the 1970's, very worn down, and just not the sort of place that you want to visit... to eat.

Bread was alright, but food was bland.  Server pointed out the owner to me and this person was certainly not Indian.  Servers were caucasion kids (teens maybe?) and knew little about the food.

Insane prices considering everything else.  Not a great part of town either.
Since I can't study right now, I might as well write the review of the restaurant that is to blame for my current state.  I took a dinner break and met a friend of mine at Tandoori Village.  I was thrilled, since I haven't had Indian food since moving to Arizona.  I still can't smell quite right, but even so, I could tell that this place smelled good.

Now, the other reviewers are right with one thing.  The place isn't much to look at.  But it's not a theme restaurant or some fancy-pants hipster fusion restaurant, so I'm not gonna knock it for that.  They were playing Bollywood movies on the tv, and that was enough for me.

If you like nan, it's good enough here to make it worth the trip.  We had some potato, some onion, and some garlic nan.  I've never had garlic nan before.  It was one of the most garlic-y things I'd ever eaten.  Aside from the fact I'm gonna kill any vampires within a mile, it was fantastic.

The main dishes were all also good.  The Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Curry dishes were delicious and had enough kick that it helped clear my head.  And the paneer was a wonderfully mild contrast between the two spicy dishes.  All the food was presented well (as well as Indian fod can, to be fair) and everything was clean.

For what we paid, we got a lot of food.  Even so, the late-evening food coma that's keeping me from studying may cause some grief later.  Ah well, at least it was for a good meal.
This is a Pakastani restaurant trying to serve Indian food. So like all Pakastani restaurants, they make great meat dishes and their vegetable dishes are poor imitations. The curries were great and so is the naan. The food here is good but it has several flaws. The place is dirty and deserves notice. Yes, I don't need a fusion restaurant or copper utensils but a restaurant should be cleaned and not have table cloths that are stained with the previous diners food leftovers or have food on the floor or seats. The vegetarian dishes are classically unspicy, lacking flavor and not cooked well. Nonetheless, it is a good deal and the food is cheap. If you can deal with your water glass never being refilled and slow service, it's not a bad place. If you are a vegetarian or an Indian food snob, avoid.
In all of Phoenix, this is my favorite over all Indian place. We try to go there once a month since we live in the East Valley so its about a 45 minute drive. But when we get there, we have amazing food.
Our favorite are the Tandoori Chops and the Lamb Boti Masala w/ Garlic Nan. The Tandoori Chops are to die for and I haven't had better ones yet. 
Simply amazing!
When I enter a south Asian - Indian or Pakistani restaurant for lunch I a really want a buffet. I got the coconut chicken curry which was really good. I did however upgrade the plain naan to a kheema naan , the naan itself was great but I found the kheema a bit salty and the next time I would recommend just to get the naan as it is . Other than that it was a good experience.
After living abroad for a few years, a favorite treat for my husband and I became Indian food. Once we moved back to Phoenix, I was determined to find a decent Indian restaurant.

After trying several disappointing restaurants throughout the city, I am pleased to say I found an excellent choice a few minutes from my house.

The restaurant is usually near empty when I've gone in for dinner. That worried me at first, but now I consider it an undiscovered gem. 

I was glad to see that a buffet was not offered because in my opinion, quality matters more than quantity.

My husband and I order the same dishes every time we dine here. My husband is Iraqi and a lot of Indian cuisine mirrors some of his favorites. Although he has tried a couple of different items in the past, we always orders Lamb Biryani and Naan. There is definitely no shortage of food here. We are stuffed silly by the time we leave.

My favotie dish to Chicken Tikka Masala with a (massive) side of rice. It doesn't get any better in my opinion.

The decor is plain and the staff isn't overly friendly. The service isn't impeccable but the food compensates for it.
THE GOOD:

Good interior design. 

Located in a really prominent place. 

Quick service. 

THE BAD:

Some of the curries are really diluted and the quantities are served are less.
 
The Indian breads are not only overpriced but also taste worse off when compared to Tandoori Times 2 which is a nearby competitor. Times 2 also has my favorite bread, Chilli Naan, which I is not available here.

Amongst the appetizers, the Samosa is good but the aloo tikka is really bland and poorly cooked. 

Overall, I would suggest other local alternatives such as Tiffin India for takeaway and Tandoori Times 2 for dine in.
Okay, the place does not have the best atmosphere or decor .... but the food is pretty tasty and the prizes are reasonable. Good place to go for a casual, quick bite to eat.
My wife and I just moved to this area from the east valley where we were near the best indian restaurant in the valley in Guru Palace at Baseline and gilbert rd.  This was some of the worst indian food I've ever had, and this is in no way to demean the amazing meal I had there but I have had better indian food at Taste of India in Fargo North Dakota. We got take out so I can't speak to the atmosphere but when I walked in there was one other person there and the owners. The Garlic Naan was more like pita bread it didn't feel or taste like it was cooked in a tandoor and was thick. I would say they bought it somewhere and just reheated. My wife got the staple-Chicken Tikka Masala...I make better chicken tikka masala. The jew from ny makes better chicken tikka masala then Tandoori Village. There were 8 count them 8 chunks of chicken and a sauce that was filled with whole spices and the wrong kind of chunky. No Onions, no peppers just bits of bay leaf and whole cardamom pods. It was pretty gross. I ordered the Tandoori Lamb chops as I'm a lamb lover and thought this would be a good thing to try since I don't see it on too many menus. My $14 dish was 3 skinny chops and one massive...I don't what kind of portion that is but it's not a $14 dish portion. This was our first and only time being a patron of tandoori village. I can't wait to try tandoori times as it's closer and has to be a vast improvement on this awful meal.
This was hands down the best Indian food I have had to date. I had sort of given up on Indian food with most of the restaurants in the Seattle area going to a lunch buffet which is just luke warm gross food like every other buffet I have tried. 

I didn't want to spend a lot of money and most of their food is $10 and above so I got the $7 Tandoori Chicken wrap. Sweet mother of Ganesha this was amazing! Tandoori Chicken, vegetables and spices in a very hot very fresh Naan wrap. 

The service was polite and prompt. The place seems to be mostly frequented by the local Indian populations (we were the only non-Indian people in there). 

Being a family restaurant, expect to have kids all around you, being kids.   

On a side note and I am not sure if this adds or subtracts from the over all authenticity of the experience but the smell coming out of my ass today is like a Mumbai slum! (so I hear) Woooooo Weeeeee........
Very disappointing taste... Presentation of dishes is very bad... Ambience is Ok... Service is average...

This is in comparison to so many indian restaurants we ate in US.
Dine date : 2012Feb10
Hope they improve it soon.

Full Details below:
4 of us went, 2 vegetarians and 2 non-vegetarians
Pakoda - Made of only Potato not cut properly. Generally we expect Onion/Gobi.

Chicken Tikka - Tastes good, juicy and nicely marinated. Lacks presentation. The onions provided are not seasoned and are White Onions. Specifically order for more spicy(hot) but we got it very less spicy dish.

Chicken Biryani - Specifically ordered for less spicy and its too spicy(hot). Has lot of peas and less chicken. No coriander added. Chicken is well cooked but the dish lacks many ingredients. Doesn't feel like a biryani.

Mutton Biryani - Specifically ordered for less spicy and I was sweating heavily by the time I left. Again too many peas and less Mutton. Mutton is tender and cooked well, but the dish as such does not have that biryani taste.

Vegetable Biryani - Except for Potato and Peas, there are no more vegetables. C'mon... at the least we expect a couple of Gobi and carrot pieces. 

The side of Raita provided is horrible. There are no cut onions/tomato/coriander/green chili in it. Its plane yogurt mixed with lots of water.

Dal Makhani - Nice taste and proper quantity.

Basmati Rice - Not properly cooked. Is cooking plane rice so hard..??

Soft drinks - they do refill it, but the soda doesn't have proper soda in it.... its like as if  you leave a coke bottle open for 1/2 hour and drink it.

Pricing - Reasonable and equivalent to other Indian restaurants. 

Service - Good. The waitress is very presentable, doesn't bother to give us choices. Also doesn't bother to tell our specific needs to the cook. Seriously..?? I can have that in a buffet or in a fast food joint..

Finally my friend giving us the treat, decided he will take us to a better restaurant again. Everyones disappointed.
I see folks dissing this place because it's 
in the shell of some old diner type place. No
shit, Sherlock. This wasn't formerly the Taj
Mahal but who gives a rat's derriere anyway?
I come here for the food. Once after eating
here I tried all the other Indian restaurants
in the neighborhood. They were just ok in 
comparison. A few have even gone out of business
since then. One of them that shares the first part
of the name had food so bland the only flavor
seemed to be salt. Even the rice it came with
was just plain - like it was minute rice or
something. And on top of that, they had a really
obnoxious belly dancer. What the heck is up with
that? A belly dancer? Isn't that like walking
into Lolo's and seeing freaking Riverdance being
performed? But back to the Village... Parking here 
is always easy - lots of space. Often times my 
group is the only group of people not of South 
Asian origin. That usually speaks to authenticity 
if you go for that sort of thing. Love their mint 
chutney dip for the papadams. The other dip that 
comes with them is too sweet - I usually leave it 
alone. They have a guy that's got a Tandoori oven 
and knows how to use it. Any of the Naans are always 
a sure thing. I'm a sucker for Vindaloo though. I've 
tried this same dish in multiple places in the general
vicinity - several square miles or so - and haven't 
found one that has just the right flavor like the 
way this place makes it. If you get bored while eating,
you can catch up with the latest Bollywood hits playing
on the TVs in the place. Don't forget to take a spoonful
of after dinner mint/fennel seeds combo to freshen your
breath before you leave.
Hands down one of the best Indian places I've been to.

When it comes to restaurants, I'm more of a food-over-service kind of girl. The service, decor and ambiance don't really matter to me so much as a good meal does.

This place is nothing to look at. I think it was a fried chicken shack before Tandoori Village took over it- and it still looks like it. The waiters are teenagers du jour and are acceptable, but you might have to flag one down to get your chai or water refilled. But like I said, that hardly matters when my 5-star review is all about the food.

To start, order hot chai. It will come unsweetened and very hot- but stir and stir with sugar while you wait for your meal. You'll find yourself strangely addicted to a second cup, even if you don't like whole milk (I detest it and this is the only time I drink it.)

The naan basket is fantastic- a variety of flavored naans, onion, garlic, potato. Also fantastic is the papadum- it's like a flat crispy cracker flavored with Indian spices. Try it with the two chutneys- the green one is mint and hot, the other is sweeter and earthier. Also try mixing them!

I love the palak paneer- a spinach dish made with Indian cheese- and the basmati rice. The vindaloo is also amazing. Their curries and "sauce dishes" will share a little easier than their tandoori or grilled dishes- get a variety of sauces and meats and trade around the table for a little sample of everything. I always leave a little high on spice and very satisfied. 

It's nothing special to look at, but it really depends on what you go in wanting. If you want a "slice of India" complete with belly-dancers and ornate carpets, you might want to try somewhere else. But for fantastic food at reasonable prices...this is your place!
Best Indian food I've had. What the atmosphere lacks gets more than made up for in their quality of food. No complaints with this place. I'd come back in a heartbeat even if it's on the other side of town.
I loved food. My first time here. Great service. Fresh veggies. Fresh meat. Loved it. I'm coming back for sure.
I really liked this place ...sadly the other day I stopped by they are closed.
CLOSED, as of the end of 2012. Bummer.
-yay! they have one here
-was searching for ice cream
-didn't feel like having boba/halo-halo from red ribbon or jollibee
-didn't scope out the store much but it did appear to be the same size as the one in union city
-still no overpowering fish smell
-no scoops of ice cream but found mochi balls
-inline, got the slowest clerk....she needed to retire but she was so sweet
-"magandang hapon po..." i said (good afternoon)
-"ay, pilipina ka pala, akala ko hindi" (oh, i didn't think you were filipina)
="MAITIM KASI "(cuz i'm dark) AS SHE GIGGLES AND TAKES A YEAR TO WRAP UP
Live crabs in barrels! Whole fish! Gross weird things I have never seen!

I love this market. i used to live down the street and loved to pick up some yummy fishes and all sorts of noodles and whatever Asian spices smelled perfect for the night.

I had no idea what i was doing half the time but the ingredients made themselves.

The fish was all fresh and the whole store interesting. I don't think I am a fan of boba. I love this store I love this store. I love this store.
This place was good until it was well known in the asian community. You have to fight for a parking spot. It's waay crowded, the employees have somewhat of a lack of communication.

The positives of this place, it reminds me of home...the palenke (however you spell it) smell. The fish you can inspect yourself for freshness (I am picky when it comes to fish). Also I like the fact they can clean and cook it for you (for those who are always on the run).
The good things about Seafood City are that it's interesting, clean and bright.  I especially liked the seafood department.  The fish were just beautiful to look at.  They also had mutton and goat meat today.  I've always wanted to try mutton....The reason I didn't rate it higher was that they didn't have as many interesting things in the other areas of the store.  The produce section was nice, but a little unremarkable.  The frozen foods and grocery areas just didn't have as much unusual stuff as either 99 Ranch or Diho Market.
Real Rating is 4 STARS for the SEAFOOD
                           1 STARS for SERVICE at the seafood counter

 Here's the lowdown. This is the best place in Las Vegas for fresh seafood. They have a nice selection that rotates a lot. One week you can get Pompano, the next you can find Strawberry Grouper, after that... you get the picture. And the prices are fantastic. Farm-raised Salmon for half what the box grocery chains offer. 

Now here's the major problem. You take said fresh fish to the counter and you tell them, please scale this and gut this and leave the head and tail. When you pick it up, they have slashed off the tail, partially gutted it, and it still is chock full of scales. There is a big communication gap. You speak English, the guy at the counter speaks Tagalog, and the guy in the back speaks Spanish. And no one of you speaks any of the other languages. They have butchered at least one of the fish way beyond presentation EVERY time I've gone. And usually ALL of them more than once. So this is the absolute weakest link at this store. Period.

And Yeah, most customers and employees stare if you're not Asian. But they have a good selection of items from produce to bakery goods to the great fish, so get over it. Hell, I get mondo-stares because I don surgical gloves and really inspect my fish purchases. Now if I could only get THEM to prep the fish correctly!

And on the service end of it, the girls at the checkout counters have always been extremely nice. So don't worry about that aspect of it. This is a great place to find Asian items from Asians for Asians. Non-Asians just aren't part of their flow charts is all.
Seafood City Supermarket is my first choice grocery for specialty Filipino items and obviously for seafood. My only warning is that it's a stinky place. I don't do my bulk shopping here, but it is definitely a place I go to for something specific.
Good selection of filipino items and of course seafood. They have mostly anything you need thats asian. I used to go here a couple times a week when i lived in vegas because it was right down the street. I sure miss this place.
This placed scared the b-jesus outta me! When you first walk in it's like they have all these strange fast seafood set-ups to your left and right. Non of it looked very appealing. I felt like I was at walmart only with seafood. The floors looked dirty and the lighting was florescent and everything looked sort of green.
The live crabs had about 3 pieces of ice underneath and their eyes cut out. I sat and watched in dismay as customers (mostly bored, no intention to buy, teenagers) walked by and hit the live crabs with the tongs. I felt grossed out, sad, and without appetite by the time I turned around and left. 
I hope this place closes down, you really do get what you pay for and with seafood I wouldn't risk it anyway. Heading to Whole Foods for my tuna steaks from now on.
Once I got over just how crowded this place gets I had an absolute blast checking out the seafood selection! Live blue crabs (yes some of the little kids were smacking them on the shells with the tongs, but some of those crabs were fighting back!), a huge selection of fish including parrot fish, live catfish (and frozen), lobster, squid, shrimp, oysters, clams, etc etc. I spent a good 30 minutes just browsing around making little mental notes of the selection for later. I got there around 7 pm on a weekday and it was a tad crazy so I decided I'd come back at opening time the next day before things really got busy.

New opening hours though!! They seem to open at 8 am, not 9!! Wasn't too bad though, had my cart and was wandering around a bit, only occasionally running into the odd elderly grandma or child, lol. I had decided the night before to try my hand at some chioppino and had put together a list of some of the seafood I wanted to get. Ingredients bought were live blue crabs, some alaskan crab legs, clams, cherrystones clams, some squid, fresh shrimp, and some fish. Once you pick what you want and put it into a plastic bag (paper for the crabs) you get in line to have it weighed at the counter. Quick and friendly, and if you have some whole fish you can have it cleaned, gutted, and chopped up for you! Very convenient since I doubt I'd have been too successful at it. I still wish I could have had them do that with the squid, that stuff was nasty to do at home later (yet sooo worth it...yummy).  The fresh ingredients made ALL the difference in the chioppino, my wife was raving about the taste later.

If seafood isn't your thing though they also have a huge selection of pork/chicken/beef to choose from. Pork snout? Beef liver? They have it. Wonderful selection, even the frozen areas were fun to browse through! I saw a huge bag of frozen crawfish that was practically calling my name... mmm, maybe next time.
Unless you've been sequestered all your life in suburbia, Whole Foods, and other regular supermarkets, you might be a little overwhelmed with this seafood market (like Ms. H down below). But it's one of the best seafood markets in Las Vegas. 

It's in the heart of this so-called ghetto neighborhood and it caters to the Filipino and other Asian communities of Vegas. The market offers a variety of fresh produce, noodles, rice, and desserts. As for the seafood, if you're used to the pre-packaged fish fillets (like in Albertson's, Smiths) get used to looking at whole fish with head and tail in all. They offer several types of fish, squid, crab, and lobster. They even have my elusive seaweed salad! You can't get this stuff at Vons. 

On another note, it provides a little oasis for the Filipino community. There are Filipino fast food restaurants such as, Jollibee and Chowking. For all those who are homesick. I wouldn't advise eating here though, the food is laden with MSG and grease. And it's so not worth paying that $9.00 for a meal! Also, since it's the only major Filipino market, it gets really crowded. So go in the early mornings to avoid crowds, you can also get first dibs on seafood!
As mentioned in other reviews, this place can get really busy. The place was swarming with asians. The only white person in the whole place was my wife. They've got a wide variety of stuff you'd never find at Smith's or Vons. Fruits and veggies that I've never even heard of and a lot of their produce (the stuff that you have heard of) is much cheaper than at the big name grocery stores. If you're looking for asian ingredients this is the place to go. The seafood section is like something straight out of San Francisco -- piles and piles of whole fish and crabs on ice. It's not something that you would expect to find in Vegas. If you love to cook (especially seafood) it's worth a visit.
Good selection of seafood (hence the name right?). They have a lot of items not offered in other Asian markets. This place primarily caters to the Filipino community. Nice and clean with a great variety of fast food places.
Great seafood selection at reasonable prices; fresh looking squid, salmon, shrimp, whole tropical fish, octopus, baby octopus, and a large selection of frozen fish and shell-fish. On top of that, they have a large and usually quite busy meat counter, packaged meat section [including marinated pork belly], fresh seaweed salad [a personal favorite- I can eat tons of it at a time], lots of frozen dumplings, gyoza, lumpia, imported fruit, etc. Lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, too, which might be hard to find anywhere else including taro, banana blossoms, and a wide variety of chiles. Lots of dried/salted/seasoned fish & fishballs/sausages, chicken and quail eggs, masago, tofu, and tons of sauces, teas, chips, candies, and kitchen equipment. Parking can be ridiculous sometimes, and having been the only white girl in the area I've gotten some intense stares- but nothing too uncomfortable or weird. I don't know enough about philipino cooking to utilize everything in the store, but I've found things I recognize and enjoy but might not find frequently - daifuku for one. Cheap sake and tasty beer [Red Horse] don't hurt, either. Interesting and useful resource to have in the Vegas valley!
everytime i come here, it feels like home. it has everything i need. grocery, dvd, jolibee and chow king.. :)
This place is dangerous, whether you want to cook the food yourself or buy it already cooked. The Filipino buns are dangerous and so is the fresh fish. DELICIOUS! If you don't feel like cooking that day, no problem, buy the "freshly fried chicken (make sure it's been fried recently or you won't enjoy the experience like I did)," then you pick up a halo halo next door at Red Ribbon Bakery and you are set for your "low fat meal." Just kidding! It will kill your arteries, but you will enjoy it! I had to boycott this place because I was gaining weight too rapidly in one month! Now, I have stayed away for three months and I am missing that wonderful taste of the beans and condensed milk, from the halo halo ;(
I love this place. So far, I am not disappointed with this place. I have been a few times and gotten what I wanted. I have bought kimchi, coco jam, and other things. I like it so much that I took Grandma with me one day and she loved it. We like it because we can get fresh seafood, different meat, veggies, fruits, just about anything. They even have restaurants such as Jollibee. The restaurant has excellent food. This is a definite place to do your grocery shopping and great food to eat.
REVIEW FROM A NON-ASIAN:

I don't go there for the food at all.  Although I have eaten at some of their entryway diners and the food was acceptable.  

I go there for their beauty product selections.  It's not an extremely large selection, but they have products I can't find anywhere else, and prices to die for.

I usually stock up when I go since I don't live close and I make a trip specifically for these items when I go there. 

I love to buy their allue collection make-up for my daughters, it's cheap and decent quality and I don't get mad if my kids lose it or waste it.

MOSTLY, I like to buy their line of daily scents, and baby cologne.  These are great for after your shower and I like to rub them on my arms before going out, the smell is great and lasts a long time.  I feel comfortable hugging & shaking hands with people knowing that I am extending a lovely fresh scent when doing so.

They also have some nice facial bars & soaps.

Very bright, brilliant eye shadow colors are easy to find here.  Same with nail polish, although I haven't bought any nail polish here.

They also have good prices on scented baby lotions as well.  I buy those too.

They do accept credit cards, but F.Y.I., they do not allow you to get cash back.  I don't really care, but I thought you should know up front.
Gyoza crazy me, I don't always have the time nor the inclination to go out to eat, so one of the first things I do wherever I live is seek out an Asian supermarket.  

Kampai!!!  Seafood City on Maryland Parkway is the jackpot.  Bags of gzyoza to pick from so that at any given moment I have a selection in my freezer.  

The product lines concentrate on Filipino foods, but there's enough variety to satisfy most.  Big and airy, high ceilings, well lit and huge, the produce is always fresh and a much better deal than other supermarkets in the area.  Also included are fruits and vegetables beyond the usual broccoli spears and eggplant.

There's also a variety of fast food establishments as you enter their doors, which make good soups and the standard fried chicken baskets.

Just finished off a bag of gyoza...  may have to do a DUMPLING RUN soon...
Love this store.... better than Ranch 99. It use to be that I went to Ranch 99 because it was the only place to get all you asian cuisine items (versus little mom/ pop filipino shops that might not having everything you are looking for). I believe that Seafood City here in Las Vegas is much cleaner than the ones I have seen in CA (granted they are like a VONS in CA). We only have one here in Vegas.

So as far as other Seafood City markets go, this is a nice clean one. I don't think it smells as bad as Ranch 99 either.
i vacationed in the Philippines a lot when I was younger, and have spent a lot of my life in Asian/Filipino markets in California..  seafood city is all that I remember about those specific markets and more.

it's totally hooked up with all your filipino/asian needs and kept bright and clean.  I come here mostly because it's hard to find fresh veggies, meats, and seafood for cheap at local american markets.  i also go here to buy rice and pick up all the indigenous ingredients for my culturally indigenous foods. ;)  

come through  if u need to send things door to door, swoop up a pinoy pride shirt,  pacqiao trinkets, santo nino's, skin whitening or papaya soap.. [lol]

you can even hang out with all the peoples chillin!  grab a bite to eat at chow king or jolly bee.. or hit up red ribbon for dessert!

haha.. this is a monthly trip for me cause it's far.. but if it were closer i'd be picking up my meat and veggies from seafood city every week.
Seafood City is a great place to grab ingredients for you typical Asian/Filipino dishes. Adding to they're variety of Asian/Filipino foods they also have a grocery like any other Neighborhood Walmart would.  Definitely a good place to do some grocery shopping. Prices are average facilities are clean and order, they also have a Jollibee, Chow King, and Red Ribbon in the same store if you get hungry.
Getting to prepare Filipino meals require Filipino ingredients. To eat Filipino food, get Filipino supplies, cook it Filipino way, cater or succumb to take-out ready-made food. Not just Filipino items are available in this supermarket but Thai, Japanese, Malaysian or other Asian fare. A large supermarket with fresh vegetables, rice, canned foods, beverages, soups, fruits, eggs, frozen food, ice cream, cookware, rice cookers, hair & beauty supplies, meats, live & fresh seafood is a shopper's delight. "Balut" or the well-known Filipino delicacy of duck-with-embryo-egg is available as well as quail eggs.("Balut" is eaten best with salt and lemon juice and pairs well with a beer ("cerveza")). Recently, the addition of a Fish Fryer offers your fresh seafood fried and ready for you to take home without the cleaning and cooking tasks needed when you get home. There is a line at the Seafood section as fish is at a low affordable price and the fish frying is a great convenience. You will find this in the left side of the supermarket upon passing through the passageway next to the cash registers. The fresh produce of fruits and vegetables is on the right side of the supermarket.

Adjacent to the supermarket entry is "Chow King" also offers hot meals, soups, hot taho, ube or pandan smoothies and combination meals of chicken, meat or fish. Also, "Jollibee" is a fast food joint where Filipino style Spaghetti (which I must warn you is on the sweetness in taste), burgers, fries, mini sandwiches and munch on a Filipino style fried chicken called "Chicken Joy". A Beauty Salon called "Monet" for your haircut and beauty needs. "Red Robbin Bakeshop" offers breads, cakes, pastries and hot meals. 

Restrooms are in "Chow King" and in "Jollibee". Read about latest local and international Filipino news from a variety of newsmagazines and newspapers stocked in newspaper bins by the sliding doors to the supermarket. Parking lot is accessible and this clean supermarket stays open from 7 a.m. to 12 p.m. 

Communicating in English with Filipino attendants, servers and staff is not like being in a foreign land. Take time to browse around and ask questions from helpful supermarket associates if you are unfamiliar of Filipino or Asian supplies and viands.
I love going here! It's like my go to place for all the Filipino/Asian foods! It's heck of a lot cleaner than Ranch 99 on Spring Mtn. and I love the service of them cleaning your fish.  I'm also glad they had a number service system, which allows you to pick up your (cleaned fish) or meat and etc.  It's been a lot more organized since it first opened up.  Sometimes I am a little sad that some vegetables aren't there or the sliced salmon filets are usually gone by the middle of the day.  If you want the fresh stuff, get here early in the A.M.  People do tend to buy more in bulks, so you can kiss your fresh stuff goodbye.  Aside from that, I'm glad they're open late.  It's good for my hours, especially when I do get off late.  They're open from 8 to 12 I think? I don't know if they changed the hours.  

You can find all Philippines beauty products, a little pricey but I think this is the only big beauty central.  I love how there's a Chow King, Jolibee and Red Ribbon.  It just makes shopping easier!  If you're looking for Filipino vegetables and what not, stop by here.  There stuff is most of the time fresh!  And they 75% of the time have what you're looking for!
I just got off the phone with them to find out how much it costs for lobster per lb.  They absolutely refused to tell me.  I told them I live all the way on the West side, and with the cost of gas at $3 per gallon, can't they tell me the price?  They said no...it's their policy not to give prices over the phone.  When I called all these other supermarkets they obliged.
I've to say I expected better from this big corporation but it failed my expectations.  First of all I bought a parrot fish roughly 3 lbs and had them clean it. The wait was hefty but I will excuse that because I understand they were busy. But the thing is I took that fish home and baked it in the oven well over the recommend time and my family got sick!! I'm no ametuer about cleaning nor cooking fish, I was raised on a island most of my life. Anyways, I also noticed the seafood area didn't look like it had alot of care taken into it. Most of the fish was smelly, like old smelly. Even I know when it starts smelling and the eyes get glassy you should remove it from the selling area. The last thing that somewhat irritated me was the cashier was talking in tagalog the whole time to the other cashier in the next lane. She didn't even greet me, tell me my total or even say thank you. I've been to most of the asian markets and even the cashiers that don't speak English try show me some manners and smile. I don't believe I will be going here EVER again!
This is one of the most extensive seafood markets that I would've never expected to find in the heart of a city. 

The selection here is excellent. You walk in, and there are rows of fish on ice, live crabs, crawfish, and lobsters. Pick out what  you want, take it to the counter, so they'll clean it for you, and wait for your number to be called. It's as simple as that and quicker than you would imagine.

I'd definitely go here again. Etiquette tip: do not play with the fish and make them talk to people. It kind of freaks out some of the Asians that are there shopping, but if that's your thing, it's up to you.
Seafood City Rocks!!!  I wish we have one here in New York.  They have eveything that a supermarket has and more.....mostly are products from the Philippines....from Canned Goods,  Biscuits, Spices to Beauty Products...Shampoos, Cologne and Magazines....but they also have Thai, Malaysian, Chinese & Japanese products as well!!

The seafood section are neatly arranged and clean...Great selection foryour pleasure!!! .You can also have the luxury of having your fish fried, ... you don't have to do it when you go home...something we don't have here in New York...I know they also have the same service in California and Seattle!!!...!!!! 

I find the prices very reasonable and affordable...Great place...hope they open one here in New York soon and give Hongkong Supermarket a run for their money!!!!...
Great produce selection, both common (apples, oranges, tomatoes,etc.) to the more uncommon and exotic(jackfruit, durian, lychee, dragonfruit)

Like you can find everything for a house at Home Depot, you can find everything you need here to throw a Filipino Fiesta!

I usually just shop here for Filipino dessert ingredients and hardly anything perishable because when we make a stop here, we're out and about and not on the way home....ALOHA!!!
It's a love-hate relationship, i must say.

Love: if you love filipino goodies, this is the best place! They even sell stuff you can't even find somewhere else. It's where I pick up stuff that reminds me of HOME. 
They have a large variety of seafood and meat here. their stuff tends to run out later on the day so its best to go shop earlier in the day.
Fresh fish. Fresh seafoods. Even live crabs and lobsters. Playing with the live crabs makes me happy.
There are fast food restaurants around the supermarket complex. Chowking, Red Ribbon and Jollibee.
They sell fresh bread right nextdoor, Valerio's bakery.
Open from 7am till midnight.
Clean and organized.

Hate: Parking.  They do have really huge parking space, but since it's one of the biggest Filipino supermarket in town, people do come here a lot!! So go off hours.
The distance on every registers are REALLY narrow. Even the shopping carts couldn't fit.
The meat counter can be overwhelming, esp the line for fish cleaning.
They can be a little too overpriced. You can find some of their exact stuff at Walmart or 99 Cents Store for about 2-3x cheaper.

I love you more than I hate you, so I'll keep visiting.
longanisa!!!!1 (totally spelled it wrong)
This is the place to get it. THE PLACE!
I've got mixed feelings about Seafood City.

What I like: They've got Magnolia Coconut Ice Cream Bars. Sure other Asian stores have them, but their are always in stock and reasonably priced. They usually have a goodly amount of steamed cheesecake onhand. I love this little Japanese dessert because it is nice and light and not too sweet. I don't have to make a separate purchase at Red Ribbon cause they have the mamon sponge cake in store as well. And lastly my mom usually finds all her beloved Filipino ingredients.

What I dislike: It's crowded. Ugh. The store is always packed. I don't think I have ever been there at a time when it wasn't filled with people. If I wanted to willingly subject myself to agoraphobia I'd just go to Walmart on a Saturday at 10 a.m.  And the parking lot is crowded as well. Sometimes I feel sorry for those people who just want to go to Jason's Deli. And of course the smell. Sometimes I can ignore it or it's not too bad, but other times the fish smell is overwhelming.

All in all, this is a great place if you are shopping for Filipino foodstuffs. I usually only get over to it if I am on a shopping trip with my mom. I think one of the biggest draws for me is visiting Chow King for a mango shake - but that is an entirely different review.
This is very out of the way for me, but since we were in the area, we decided to stop in. 

I wanted fish, but it was such a long line for cleaning and such that it probably will be an hour before we get our stuff ready to go home. 

Filipino products are obviously abundant and there are some harder to find offerings here. I think if there's some odd thing I need to recreate a Filipino dish this is my go-to. Most dishes though use very common ingredients that I can find in the Asian marts much closer to my area so I don't see myself coming out of the way to come here. 

It's a good place for Asian needs on this side of town, but it's nothing special if you're a Filipino living somewhere like the NW like me.
I was running low on foodstuffs so thought I would check this place out after my classes. The front area of the place is a food court, with a couple of different dining and bakery establishments. The place actually reminds of Fubonn Shopping Center in Portland, OR, except it is Filipino than Chinese/Vietnamese.

I wasn't terribly impressed with the fresh vegetable and fruit selections. I mean, the prices seemed decent and all but I was expecting more variety. Same with the meat selection. There was a cut of beef that I had been wanting to buy, but they did not have it. I did like the fact that they had all sorts of offal. The fish and seafood selection is probably what they are best known for. I saw many people in the self-service are picking up mollusks and shrimps. There was also a long line for fish cleaning.

Since it is so close to the university, this is a good place for me to stop by after school to pick up common Asian-y foodstuffs.
Filipino grocery store open 24 hours.

They have eveything that a supermarket has and more. Most are products from the Philippines but from other Asian countries as well. Aisles are neatly arranged and the store doesn't have that fishy decaying meat smell one encounters at these kind of stores. 

Please come to Alexandria along with the Golden Ribbon bakery and Jolie B to put to shame the competition of stores like H-Mart, Grand Mart, etc.
5 things that go through my head when I visit.

1. Presh pried pish prom Philipino polks. 

2. Ahhhhhh I feel like I'm in Daly City again. Win.

3. M u s t..  r e f r a i  n.. from.. picking up multiple packages of dried squid, mango..

4. Dude, where else am I gonna find fresh coconut and lychee on this side of town? 

5. Hmm.. What am I gonna buy from Valerios when I'm done with this place?
What other place in Vegas makes me feel like I'm back home like Seafood City does? No other place than this... Place where Tita Baby and Tito Boy shop for their filipino goods. 

It may not be the cleanest and most complete supermarket Vegas has but for it being a Filipino Supermarket it sure does the job.  Whitening soap? Check.  Red ribbon ensaymada? Check. Phone cards? Check. Filipino movies? Check. Fresh seafood staring at you in all its fishy smelling glory? Check. You can even have your fish cooked. Yes, we Filipinos are lazy and that's exactly how it is back home.

My ultimate favorite is their marinated meat and OMG their crab!!! It is soooo good. Crab fat and all. *drools*

If you don't look Filipino, don't be surprised at people staring at you.  And even if it's all the way on the other side of town what the heck, for that piece of home? Why not!
One of my faves groceries store. Make sure you go to the back of the store to get the $.99 cents coconut milk. The front ones costs more. Just a tip.
Seafood, yes.
Just avoid going to get Seafood on Sundays. It seems to the busiest times. Too long of line to drop your items off to weighed and even longer wait if you want them cleaned.

Vegetables, only if I have to. 
The quality of the veggies isn't always so fresh to me. It often looks old and withered. But i can get ube (purple yam) here so that always makes me look past this.

Filipino staple items, yes. 

Love the food courts in the front and the bakeries. Easy location with lots of offerings. I can't complain.
This market sucks...
Maybe I'm biased, since I usually shops at 168 market on Spring Mountain and Jones.
Where they have everything you need from Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, to Filipino and American. Plus their fresh fish and meat department.

I was on the UNLV side and wanted to get some fresh Asian vegetables so I decided to go to Seafood City instead driving over to Chinatown. I've been hearing so much about this Seafood City place.  

Their vegetable selection was weak, and most of them are old and dry. 
I wanted to get some Thai curry too while I was here but nope, walked down every isle and couldn't find any Thai section. I guess this market only has Filipino food?
Their fish did not seem fresh, I was checking the eyes, under the fins and it took me a good old 10 minutes before I found one that fairly decent. And there's a line of people waiting by the seafood department? I don't get it.

Don't waste your time if you are looking for a Asian market that has good and fresh selections, just drive over to Chinatown.
My moms favorite place to go when she needs to buy groceries and send money to the philippines. But for me its chaotic. Yet i still love it. 

LIKES: the products they have. Most are from the philippines. But the prices are funny. Whenever it comes down to paying, we always hit the $100 mark.  And of course i like jollibee, chowking, and red ribbon. They should add Greenwhich ahaha

DISLIKE: PARKING, SECURITY, LOCATION, and how TINY the market is. Its gets crowded easy, there are rude people who just make their way in and out of the market, people fight over parking, not enough secuity especially when it gets full, and i can barely move my cart around without saying EXCUSE ME or squeezing through aisles. They restock during the busiest hour and i find that annoying. I see boxes everywhere which makes it even more crowded. 

Relocate with a bigger store please? Like henderson... :P
Great place for Filipino fast food and if you need some groceries while you're out of town
A Midwestern guy walks into a Filipino Supermarket and gets overwhelmed. Film at 11. Wow, this was one of the more interesting places I've stepped foot into since I moved to Vegas. Parking for this place is a zoo but once you find a space you're in for an experience. 

Once inside the door the place reminds me of a Hypermarket with restaurants, a bakery, financial services, and other shops right up front. You walk past all that and into a full fledged supermarket where the first thing you notice is the smell coming from the fish which you can't see at first but you certainly know they're present. This is not your typical American supermarket. It may look like it at first glance, but it's certainly not. So what did I find here? 

Produce: They have a good selection but the pricing for some items is a bit higher than I expected. Also the produce section had a LOT of flies. As in even as oblivious as I am to some things when I notice it's pretty bad. But they had some stuff like different varieties of bananas that I haven't seen elsewhere. 

A quick loop around the store will take you to the source of the very distinctive smell, the open air fish market. They have a nice sized selection of fish and other things and after you pick out what you want they will clean it up for you. This section of the store is CROWDED. Even a big guy like me got bumped into. And if you don't like raw fish this is not the place for you as people are flying past you with all kinds of it. I overheard grumbling about how long it was taking to process the fish but I just thought it was cool and I want to go back when I can properly transport my fish home in the desert heat. 

A walk through the center of the store led me to a lot of different ethnic items, some I've seen at the International Market but quite a few items were unique to this store. The list of unique items is too long to list here, if you're looking for something your best bet is to stop in and look for yourself. I picked up a couple of things (they even had the tamarind hard candy I have trouble finding!) and went to check out. Checkout was packed but moved fast. And the people working the registers were friendly and they actually have a Point of Sale / Credit Card machine that's programmed intelligently. I want to make a point of saying checkout was easy, as it should be elsewhere. 

In short I didn't have much time to spend in here but I'm glad I went in and it was quite the experience. I will be back.
We found this place by accident (visiting a store in same plaza) and can now say without a doubt that we love this place.  You can find some cheaply priced essentials; Asian delights and very reasonably priced seafood. Oooh the seafood that was why we went back the 2nd time. 

We grabbed a few pounds  of whole shrimp and a container of old bay and we couldn't get home fast enough to cook them up and properly season them.  It was heaven; As soon as we can find a place close to the apartment where we can break crabs open and not have to worth about the after effects of smell and the random chunks of flying crab as you break them apart we will be back.  

Oh word of advice is to be sure to weigh your seafood before going to the register; it not you hold up the line and look like a fool; we thought it was kinda funny but won't be making that mistake again.  The man at the counter was very nice and was able to use his scale to weigh everything but it took a few minutes. 

Be careful/buying dairy/eggs here both of my trips here they had them sitting in the aisles.  I touched a few and they were dry and room temperature. I'm sure the health inspector would have freaked but as long as you are careful on what you buy here you won't leave disappointed.
I try to avoid this market unless its absolutely necessary. Not because the selection isn't great or because the staff isn't friendly. Its because its almost always overly busy!
Seafood City is a grocery store that is located in Maryland Parkway just off Flamingo is one of many franchises that cater specifically to the Filipino community but also other Asian and ethnic cultures.  Fairly big in size with neighbors such as Jollibee, Chow King, & Valerios Bakery rented directly in the facility...it makes it a convenient one stop shop for your Filipino needs.  You can pretty much find it all in here.  Highly advertised on the Filipino Channel, especially in California...Seafood City is like the Filipino version of Vons or Safeway...well known but can be a little highly priced on some items.

Plenty of fresh fish and vegetables to choose from.  Staff for the most part are friendly and can help you locate what you are looking for.  Shelves are continuously being stocked which is nice to see.  

The downside is that, this place gets crowded, especially on weekends and Holidays!  Parking is a pain in the @$$, but upon availability it is alright.  The parking lot is big, it is just that this place gets so packed it can get ridiculous.  I suggest getting there early or off hours to ease the tension.  

Over all it is nice place to go to, but if you are not a people person or hate crowds...you might want to head over to China Town or other asian/oriental markets around the valley instead.
Great Asian Store in bad location. Too many homeless' in the parking lot  and by front of store begging for money or cigarettes.
Very convenient for Filipino shoppers. Welcome to all. Prices are pretty decent. Some better improvement over time. Friendly employees.
This will not be one of my "adventures in womanizing". I just came here for a couple of quick items and ended up getting numbers from 3 girls. I didn't even ask. I've never really been attracted to Filipino chicks in the past... but these chicks were like those girls you see on the Filipino soap operas. I thought they were really hot.

I recently had a conversation with 3 non-Asian college students about: "Which Asian person had the most impact on Asian people today". They listed off people like: Sun Tzu, Dalai Lama, Mao Zedong, Dr. Feng Shan Ho, Norman Mineta. I being the only person of Asian descent had the most credibility in my opinion. And when it was my turn, I said that the greatest Asian person in history is MANNY PACQUAIO! My argument was that Manny Pacquaio can use his straight left hand to kick the sh!t out of the Dalai Lama, and he can sing better than him as well, therefore he is the greatest Asian person ever.

So, I came to SEAFOOD CITY for some unlicensed Pacquaio merchandise for my Filipino friend who is going to his next fight. Unfortunately, I got off work too late and the Pacquaio store was closed. I decided to just walk around a bit, and I found the selection to be much more superior to Greenland. 

We don't really got a good selection of Asian supermarkets here in LV. Every time I ask a Japanese person the question: "What's the best Japanese Market?". In a very enthusiastic voice, they always answer by screaming "GREENNNLLAANND!" I really can't tell if they are being serious or not.  Also, Notice how I am giving this place a 5-star review while I gave Greenland a 2-star.  SEAFOOD CITY has better customer service than Greenland and many of the items are like a quarter of the price. Not to mention I even got felt up by one chick while I was waiting in line to pay. This place is f*cking awesome.
Very nice place this is a place you could buy any seafood you're thinking about. I buy the Lupia wraps there so I can make my own
This place is freakin' BUSY. Amando S. made homemade Ahi Poke on St. Patrick's Day so since then I was CRAVING it!! I took a journey to Seafood City to pick up some Ahi Poke. Good prices for some slabs of Tuna! This was really all I came here for so I had my tuna and was waiting in line... lalalala - then a sales associate said since I had so few items, I could go through the customer service line. Yes! Short line. Plus they make money orders there for fifty cents and I actually needed one. SCORE.
Sells everything asian particularly filipino made products. Its like heaven when you walk in here shopping going thru each and every aisle looking for what to buy.
The fresh seafood area has a huge selection and they have an add on service where they can cook your fish.
Asians unite! Pinoy power! If you love anything asian this is the place for you! Jollibee and chow king are located within seafood city. Tons of asian influenced foods and gadgets a like.
I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review for Seafood City. Since its inception in May 2007, this has been the home to the Filipino community for all their grocery needs.  As another Yelper mentioned, this is a beehive of Filipinos, which is absolutely true.  Although occasionally I do see 1 or 2 individuals of a different ethnicity, but I'm sure they shop here for the reasonable prices. They offer everything you need to cook a home-made Filipino meal; I usually come here to grab ingredients for my parents. This place is super busy on the weekends, so I don't dare stepping foot here.  That goes along with parking, which is probably even worse.  I tend to park closer to what was previously Barnes & Noble.  There's another review on here stating she was so surprised to see kids playing with live crabs. I was guilty of that too when I was a kid, but honestly what do you expect this is a Filipino super market (Seafood City is probably the best one in town). And she ends her review with "I'll go to Whole Foods next time I need crab." That cracked me up because obviously this place is nothing like Whole Foods , but neither are the prices.
I think my rating for this place definitely has something to do with my heritage.  Let's be honest, it has everything to do with it.  I'm proud to be Filipino and this store really caters to those cultural needs!

The store is huge!  You have electronic booths (cellular services), food court-type options (Jollibee's, a Chinese restaurant and a Filipino bakery) and of course, groceries.  I love how cheap everything is in the produce department. Some of my favorites like bitter melon and other squashes seem to be substantially cheaper than other grocery stores like Smith's or Albertson's.  What I love is the fact that this store also has everything I grew up with.  It's like going through the Asian food aisle at the store...except it's the whole store!  Then, you get to the meat and fish section.  That's where the heart of the store is.  So many types of fish!  So many types of meat.  All kinds of meat parts: pork, chicken and beef.  The back counters are super efficient.  What I love is the fact that you can grab fish, like catfish, take a number and ask the back counter employees to deep fry the fish.  It's a service not many people know about.  I love it!!

If you're in the mood to make pork gisantes, adobo or other Filipino delights, come and check out this place.  I KNOW you'll find what you're looking for :)
WOW!  I called these people to ask a simple pricing question and the woman on the other end said they didn't carry my item anymore and hung up promptly!  No suggestions where I could find it, or how much it should cost at a good place....just a dial tone.  didn't think lobster was such a sensitive subject and when I tried to call back to talk to a manager, since she hung up before I could get another question out, without a goodbye, the phone was picked up and hung up AGAIN!!  So far they are shooting for really bad reviews with me.  If you are answering the phone as an employee don't be rude!  What a moron, customer service is not rocket science!  I called back a third time for the manager and what do you know; not available; I guess I'll just have to pay them a personal visit and trust me guys you won't like what I have to say.
Seafood City Supermarket is a nice grocery store that offers a lot of Filipino foods and goods in addition to American groceries. The aisles are fun to browse through, since I can't find a lot of Filipino products back at home. Prices seem pretty reasonable.
Its like a mini filipino town. Love it. Love jollibee also.
Up until recently, I'd avoided Seafood City because I don't eat seafood. I'd go to the Barnes and Noble next door (RIP) or eat at Jason's Deli, but I'd skip the City.

I decided to see what veggies and other delicacies they had. I was pleasantly surprised by the range of produce, and I was ecstatic at the dozen or more varieties of tofu offered. They also had tiny citrus trees for sale, which is awesome.

I ended up with veggies, seaweed and tofu, all at excellent prices. I'll definitely be going back for more.
Came here to buy beer for the Filipino Potluck!  

I figured since it was Filipino town here, they would have decent prices on the beers...damn, $18 for 12 packs!  Red Horse, San Miguel Lager/Negras/Lites...all $18.  Same prices as Total Wine BTW ($9 for 6 packs).

The lines really sucked...I only had a 12 pack of beer, but it took me at least 10-12 minutes standing in line.  Sounds like I am being impatient...probably am lol.

Couldn't believe how busy this place was...reminded me of a cafeteria from high school lol.  But it was pretty clean though considering the walk in traffic.
got a large selection of filipino foods. Also has decent restaurants in front of the grocery market to choose from such as jollibee, bakeries, and more. decent price. sometimes expensive.
Excellent fried fish! I love the option of picking your own fresh fish (large variety too!) and having it cleaned and fried to your liking on the spot! 
The prices are great as well.
Fun grocery store with interesting foods. I can always find something I've never tried before here.
What can i say, Its Seafood City. The staple of filipino americans trying to get some authentic back home flavor.. I mean this place even has a built in Jollibee and Chow King! Being married to a Filipina for nearly 10 years and having visited the Philippines many times i can see why this place is so popular. Get there when they open if your trying to buy fish because it gets picked over very fast. Also get ready to wait in line at the cashier, they usually only have 2 or 3 cashiers and hundreds of customers. Its not exactly the SM Grocery store..
Excellent selection of seafood and very authentic Filipino and other Asia. Items. I live in Henderson and was searching for an Octopus to Cooke because I am a chef and someone outside of work wanted to make then an Octopus Tomato sauce. I wasn't sure where to go but after calling this location the person who answered the phone was very friendly and willing to help me. She let me know there was 1 octopus left and said she would hold it for me. As I was in there, the selections of shell fish and other fish was awesome. Being from Florida it is hard to find good seafood out here in Vegas so I was very impressed with some of their options. Whenever I am need of some fresh seafood or whole fish I will definitely be going back to this store. And a bonus they have a Jollibee in their supermarket. I have seen this fast food restaurant on many different shows and always wanted to try it, this place is a must go!
This place is crazy!  it was like black Friday!  OMG, people everywhere!  People, don't move out of your way!  I this was my first visit, but "I AIN'T GOT TIME FOR THAT" I'm going to have to figure out a time to go there where it's not all crazy!  But it was cool, I wasn't expecting a food court in there!  it's not only just seafood, its a full grocery store as well.  But they had fish on ice there.  You pick what you want.  My only thing is, I don't know for sure, but I think you have to gut it too ( ewwwwww)  I can't do it or look at it being done.   But when I want something good, I know where to go and pick it up.  I'm glad I have a husband that can do the dirty work for me.
Let me start this review by saying that you don't have to be Asian to shop here! A few of my coworkers asked me if I can get some things for them. I asked them why couldn't they get it themselves? They replied with "We are not Asian and they might treat us differently". I should of been offended right? Nope. Instead I said, "They will only treat you different if you act like jerks so don't be one and you'll be ok."

Seafood City is similar to 99 Ranch but caters more to the Filipino population. If you have ever eaten at a Filipino restaurant, this is where you will find most if not all the ingredients in all the dishes you eat. 

I come here for all sorts of things like different flavored chips, nuts, biscuits, crackers, etc. Drinks like coconut juice. mango juice, calamansi juice, etc. 

Basically, a lot of items you just cant find at your basic Smith's or Albertsons. What is also great is the location of this place. If you get hungry there is a Chow King and a Jollibee just right in front where you enter.

The layout of their place is nice also. All the way to the right you have all your vegetables. All the way to the back you have all your refrigerated items. All the way to the left are all the seafood/meat items along with the frozen section. In between you have all the aisles with all the little things I mentioned in my 3rd paragraph.

Service is actually above average. They usually have enough people on registers so that long lines are virtually non existent. Most of the time each cashier has their own assistant that bags all the merchandise you just bought. 

So for those non Asians, just relax and shop just like you would at any other supermarket. Sometimes its ok to shop somewhere different. You never know, you just might find something you really like here.
This grocery store is good for those of you needing filipino food supplies. The 50LBS of Jasmin Rice is cheap and the food selections are wonderful. I do however recommend if you dont speak Tagalog then bring someone with you that does.
Ah, the one stop shop for all things Filipino. Yes, it's true, a lot of Asian people lounge here to buy their groceries, or pick up their favorite snacks. 

My parents usually drop by to pick up some tocino (Filipino breakfast meat) that you can just pop in the pan and cook away. 

It's cleaner than Chinatown here and the staff is super helpful. Prices are comparable, a lot of the time it'll be a little more pricer than Chinatown..

Also, you gotta know when to go so that it's not busy = late at night, 2-3 hours before it closes. Filipinos usually be gettin their jollibee and chowking flow on, and you can be free to shop in Seafood City!
This is a Filipino market that also has other Asian stuff. You have to come here on a weekday at an odd time to avoid the crowd of little old Filipino ladies that cut in front of you...I'm pretty tall for an Asian so I'm sure they can see me but old Filipino ladies don't care. Parking can be chaotic. Filipinos are not used to traffic signs/rules so it can get frustrating. Being half-Filipino, I am aware of the lack of discipline which is a trait common among Filipinos...I can't stand it!

Valerio's is a bakery to the left of the entrance of Seafood City. They have good sugar doughnuts that are super heavy and filling...and other Filipino breads and baked goods. They only take cash.

When you walk in, to the left is Chowking. To the right you got Jollibee and Red Ribbon. Straight ahead is a bunch of stalls selling phone cards and a travel agency. Behind all that is a grocery store.

Today, I was looking for ingredients for kare-kare for a potluck - that was my main mission. I couldn't find peanut butter so I asked one of the employees stocking the shelves. "Excuse me! Excuse me! Where can I find peanut butter?" But he ignored me or he's completely deaf. Denied! I should've talked in thick PILIPINO aksent and said "hoy kuya where is da feanat vatter?" And who would've used his lips to point to where I need to go. 

So I ended up leaving with cracker nuts and cakes from Red Ribbon. Mission failed! Since the potluck isn't til next week, I'd have to come back here to buy oxtails and veggies. Sweet Jesus, give me the patience!
I'll admit it, I love coming here!!! I get all the essential Filipino things and also get entertained by all my uncles and aunties in the thick flip accent. 

Every month or two, I'll take the twenty minute drive to the not so nice part of town and load up on all the Filipino necessities. (Quick tip, don't come here when you are drunk because you will end up spending way more than you originally planned.) On my last adventure, we had to get rice, longanisa (Filipino sweet sausage), soup mixes and chicken. Aside from necessities, we found Red Horse (beer), pastries and lychee. 

Be prepared for long check out times depending what time of the day you are here. The employees here aren't that helpful. If you ask where a certain something is, they'll just point with their lips and assume you can find it yourself. They can clean and fry your fish while you finish your shopping. If you work up an appetite after you shop, there is a Jollibee and Chow King conveniently located inside. 

P.S. "Eight pipty por, your order is ray-dee"
I love this store!  Almost all the products remind me of Philippines.  Every time I'd come here I would stop by jolly-bee and then shop for cheap snacks and drinks!  If your Filipino, love seafood, or like cheap things you should go here.  They sell so many things.  If I could, I would go here every day. :)
They offer fresh seafood and all kinds of Filipino/Asian items n ingredients. even seasonal fruits from the Philippines like lansones, rambutan n many more. 4 stars coz it's somewhat pricey. 


Their is definitely something for everybody.
It is one of the cleanest seafood city supermarkets i have seen.  I haven't seen seafood city supermarket so lively in awhile. I like the set-up of the place. Jollibee, Red Ribbon and Chowking is very inviting and the open area is welcoming to the public. I also like the background of the parking lot, you can see the silhouette from the strip standing from there.
This is part of a chain of markets.  They seem to specialize in Filipino foods in particular, but there is a variety of other stuff.  Plus mostly fresh seafood (I mean, this is Vegas...there is no ocean...but it still seems pretty fresh).

Plus lots of grocery items for the Asian/Filipino recipes you want to do.  Patis, bagoong, sauce for Filipino spaghetti, etc, etc.  Overall, a good market.
This place is packed, the Deli counter is the worst,seems like everyone is here for fresh fish and meats.Have at least 20minutes or more to pick up something!
I am a huge fan of Seafood city.  I love going to explore and find something new to try.  It is also great for all of those things you can't find in your regular store, like manostein. 

Yea it is busy, especially on the weekends, but that is part of the fun of it.  Everyone is very friendly and the staff there is very helpful.  If you are looking to try something new or are looking for some specialty stuff, this is the place for you.
I love ethnic grocery stores, it's like you can take a trip to a foreign country without leaving your hometown! Seafood City is a fun place to do just that. I've never bought much here except for some exotic spices and snacks, but the seafood department is something of a marvel. I find myself staring at all the fresh fish for almost an hour ever time I'm in here. Although the parking lot is huge, parking can be a zoo, especially during the weekends. Worth a stop if only for the educational aspect of the place. For foodies, it's a no-brainer!
Sigh.. First the lady thought I was paying together when there was a divider separating their items from mine. She just took it out and included my items with theirs. Theirs a divider for a reason... Even though we're in a group together doesn't mean we're paying all together.. And plus she charged me for the full price of the items I got! She didn't put it for the sales discount... -.-
You guys, I have this really humongous love-hate relationship with Seafood City.. & here's why:

LOVE: I love that I can drive to a little "home away from home" market that definitely has the feel of being back in the Philippines. You have Chow King and Jollibee PLUS Red Ribbon inside. And the actual market has vegetables/fruits for your Filipino dish. They also sell balut here! But be warned, BALUT is not for the faint of heart! Middle section has condiments, the tabo that you've been needing for your bathroom to wash your pwet, Milo & other Filipino and non-Filipino beverages, and as well as your Filipino chichiria (snacks). Then you have the meats and seafood in the left side of the market which is actually my favorite because it really reminds me of the palengkes in the Philippines. You choose your own fish and put in the bag basically. Prices here are fairly reasonable. It's also pretty clean compared to the other Asian markets in Vegas. And the staff are super nice!

HATE: Oh goodness, what I don't like about this place is how crowded it is in the market. It's small and two people can barely fit in the aisles. I also don't like how my little home away from home is nearly a 30 minute drive from my house. I seriously wish that they would build a Seafood City closer to where I live, and it wouldn't hurt if it was a tad bit bigger than it is now.

Overall: Despite my little rant there, I would have no other choice but to come back here when needed. It's the only Seafood City in Vegas. It's the only place that would remind me of "home".
My only rant about this place is there should be a designated smoking area/break area for their employees. I dislike walking into the store smelling smoke. Everytime I go in the store, their employees are just standing on the side smoking cigarettes. Uggghhh!!!
I had to bring my mother and the titas (aunties) here while they were visiting so they could have their Filipino food in the time share where they were staying.  I've been here before, but only very quickly to get halo-halo ingredients. On this recent visit, I had a chance to browse the aisles since the ladies like to linger-shop.  I don't eat fish, but if you buy fish here, they will clean it for you in the butcher section.  The beauty section sells whitening soap for the "dark complected"--hmm, interesting, but I don't think I'll ever use that.  I had no idea that they sold frozen Filipino dishes a la Lean Cuisine:  pop it in the microwave for a few minutes and bam- sisig is ready!  There was a lot of yelling going on over the intercom: "Sharlene, please return to your register!"  Sharlene was called more than once since she must not have heard the yelling the first time, even though the rest of us did.  There was also more than one crying baby.  In fact, the whole visit was very noisy and it felt just like the name suggests:  being on the street in the city.  However, this is one place where we Pinoys can get our native food and you should come to here if you ever need or want some.  Hopefully Sharlene is at her register (name has been changed to protect the innocent who was probably at Jollibee on break having spaghetti with hot dogs).
I love how they have everything you need that's from the Philippines and other asian countries.  They also have 2 restaurants for you to eat.  One is Jollibee and the other is Chow King.  The both are good.  The only reason why I gave 3 stars is because it's really crowded.   I wish they would make this place a little bigger like the Boulevard Mall.   The best time to come here is in the mornings not as crowded.
I totally love this store!! I'm a big fan of seafood and Asian foods. They have a wide variety of everything you would need to make Asian food. I love to make Pancit and lumpia and they always have the ingredients that I need.  

Not only is it a great store, they are located just down the street from me which is a big plus for me. I like to be able to just run down the street and get the items I need without going all over town for it. 

Downside for me is that this place is so popular that it's ALWAYS so crowded and busy. I always feel rushed to get my items and get out.
Seafood City is a pretty good place to shop. There is an assortment of Filipino/Asian products without having to go to Chinatown. It lives up to its namesake and you'll find whole Yellowfin Tuna down to wild caught Oregon sardines. They also carry Filipino beers, Kewpie mayo, Filipino toiletries and magazines. It's a one-stop to the Philippines. Inside the shopping center, they have Pinoy franchises such as Jollibee, Chow King and Valerios Bakery. There is also an esthetician behind the Asian jewelry counter.

The location is centric; it's close to the Strip, airport and major streets. Inside, it is clean and the employees follow sanitation guidelines based on what I see. I have family in the culinary industry and pay attention to these things. The staff is okay; they are not overly friendly, but are not rude to us. Perhaps looking Pinoy helps, based on some reviews, which is unfortunate since this is business. 

What kept me from giving the one-stop shop 5 stars are two things, one worse than the other. The groceries are fresh for the most part, but sometimes are not at peak freshness depending on the day one shows up. Fortunately, I do not have to trek too far or else I'd be upset. 

Onto the bad thing about Seafood City. There are a few customers who cause trouble. A few weeks ago, we witnessed Africans fist fighting outside of the Jollibee section. They were hollering (maybe profanities) in their language. Although the police arrived, human detritus has come to shore at Seafood City. There are some vagrants who hang outside the store and parking lot who beg for money. 

A few days ago, my mom encountered a rude male customer who was pushing her out of the way with his shopping cart and pushing his groceries ahead of hers while flailing his arms at her, thus creating physical contact. When she told him to stop and say "excuse me", he claimed that he couldn't tell whether she spoke English or not. Regardless of a customer's level of English literacy, everyone understands "excuse me." Even recent Spanish speaking immigrants know and say "excuse me" with thick accents. My mother was about to move on, but saw the same man chatting and laughing with the nonchalant security guard about what he did to her. Mom told the security what the man did and that he should do his job and then pretended to scold the man.

I think I will have to consider going to Chinatown, even if the trip is further away.
Great wings and cheap beer. Doesn't get any better. Especially with the free taxi shuttle Fri and Sat.
As with other Native New Yorker's I have been to, this place is just as good.  Many of the restaurants in Maricopa offer crappy food with crappy service, NNY does not.  I've been to this one 3 times and each time the food has been great and the service is top-notch.  Hopefully this one will keep up the good work and keep giving people in Maricopa a good place to go.
Apparently people in Maricopa think of April Fool's Day as a major holiday that requires going out to eat because I can't think of any other reason a restaurant would be as packed as this place was on a Thursday night at 8:00.  Maybe it's the food...

When we got there we were told that there was a wait but if we didn't mind eating in the bar then we could go sit down right away.  We opted for that rather than sit around for who knows how long.  The hostess handed us our menus and we just picked a table that was free.  It took a while for the waitress to take our order, so long in fact that my husband asked if I wanted to go somewhere else, I figured we'd just wait it out and see what happened though.

Once the waitress did come around for our order she was friendly which made us not feel so bad about waiting.  She was quick with bringing our drinks, appetizer and the food.  Something we weren't expecting given our first impressions.  The food was AWESOME!  We started with the potato skins which were larger than most restaurants normally serve and had tons of melted cheese, real bacon and fresh scallions.  My husband had the House Calzone which was delicious.  The flavors all worked really well together.  I had the grilled chicken Ceasar Salad and it was probably the best one I've had.  The chicken had a great flavor from the grill, there was just the right amount of dressing that you could taste it in each bite but it wasn't drenched and there was real cheese on it that gave it just the right extra flavor.

We were even more pleased when we got our bill and it was a lot less than we usually spend at a restaurant.  After tip we spent about $35.  Not too bad if you ask me.  We will most certainly be returning!
Just went here again and it was even better than the first time!  It wasn't as busy so we were seated right away and our waitress was AWESOME!  Her name was Danika and we're going to be requesting her everytime now.  Super friendly, knew about the menu, constantly making sure we had everything we needed and she made great recommendations (you HAVE to try the Chocolate Chip Cookie Sundae, ask her to describe it though, it's really funny!).
Had lunch yesterday at Native New Yorker. I've been to this location a few times to play poker, I think I ate one night after too many drinks and I think it tasted good. Sober is a different story. We came in and the hostess was on the phone taking an order, she said it would be just a minute. She put us in a booth and we ordered waters. They were having a special on wings/chicken tender type pieces so we got a lb. plus a few different sauces to try. Those came out and we were ready to order but our waitress/the hostess didn't come back for awhile. The chicken was very juicy and hot inside which was probably the highlight of the meal. Two of the sauces were tasty but the others not so much.

 I picked one of the lunch specials, tuna in a whole wheat wrap with coleslaw on the side. The water of course tasted awful, but while you're eating you can't tell as much so I dealt with it. Why am I such a water critic? I like Aquafina, not Fiji or Pellegrino, so I'm not a snob. I just like good tasting water at a restaurant, but it's awfully hard to find!

Our lunch came out and although it looked great, tasted the opposite. Coleslaw was WAY too sweet, nearing the dessert state. The wrap, egh. Tuna chunks were either smothered in mayo, or not at all and completely dry inside. I think there was lettuce, tomato, and onion as well. The actual wheat wrap tasted like what I would think cardboard to be after soaking in something wet. After I got the first half down I unwrapped the other and picked at the veggies with my fork. Our waters got almost to the empty point, and our waitress refilled the table behind ours iced teas a few minutes before coming back to take care of our water. She was nice and the food quality wasn't her fault, but this NNY gave me a less than impressive lunch.
I had lunch here two weeks ago and I don't know how it happened but the food was great! We got the soup and salad special with the cheesy potato soup, and a 9" mushroom pizza. The bill was less than $20 and everything tasted wonderful. Maybe it depends on who is cooking that day, because it was like we were at a different Native New Yorker.
Not as good as it was years ago , but, still just OK.
I ordered a Pizza & Wings for Take Out for the family on our road trip. I got there before it was ready, paid the young lady and asked how long it would be. She said like 10 minutes or so I guess. We waited outside a few, then came back in and read some stuff about Native on the ways in the lobby. She called my name, not being able to put 2 and 2 together and I waited with my arms out to pick up my pie. I asked if there were red peppers in the bag, she said no. I asked if I could have some she said yes. I asked if there was napkins and parmesan cheese, she again said no. I asked if I could have some. She said yes. OMFG. I had to ask if there was any way I could get some plates and extra napkins. She never offered anything. Plus I had already told her that I needed all this stuff when I called it in! What a complete lackadaisical worm this girl was. Needless to say I still threw a tip to the other girl lol that was standing right next to her. I am sure that they must split them, if the don't they need to. The other girl was watching this train wreck with astonishment. I can be a little sarcastic when a coaching notice is needed. I wish I could have seen a manager...Anywhere! But like many places no manager ever asks how are things? Is someone taking care of you? Is everything and everyone doing well tonight? Nope none of that. The food was good. The wings a little on the soggy side, I had asked for "Grilled Extra Crispy" they might have been that way, but the overbearing amount of sauce killed them. Still good as we were all hungry as hell. I have eaten or dined in here a few times before and the service was pretty good. Maybe next time I am in the area I will try them again.
today was the first time ive been to a native new yorker restaurant. and it will probably be the last.
it wasnt terrible. but it wasnt great eithetr.
my wife and i both had the "extreme cheeseburger" she ordered well done, i medium.
both were medium well. the food was hot, but underseasoned.
the waitress was nice, but forgetful.

the experience wasnt what i would call bad, and with the number of food establishments who actually put forth the effort, native new yorkers just not worth the return trip.
Good bar food-great wing selection!
I LOVE 39 cent wings on Thursday nights! I'm normally not a wing fan, but I like their honey BBQ wings. Good service. The only tiny little thing I would like to see improve is when you order something messy (like wings) you should automatically be given wet wipes; had to ask for them.
The best way to describe the food is average.  I've never had anything here that struck me as particularly good or bad.
I've heard so many wonderful things about this chain that I was pretty excited to try it. I came here with my family a while back and none of us were all that impressed. The service was pretty good. Our waitress was friendly and had a good sense of humor. It was the food that failed to impress. I ordered a calzone, my husband and father got sandwiches, my mom got a salad, and my daughter ordered chicken strips. The food was just kind of... blah. It tasted ok, the portions were the right size... but everything tasted kind of flat. I don't think I'll return. Maybe it's just this location, but either way, it just left me with a bland taste in my mouth.
Service is consistently good. I like that the bar and main seating area is separate so it is a good family place. I usually get their mozzarella sticks or the Greek flatbread salad. This is a good portion size and quite filling. The dressing and flatbread are tasty.
They always screw up the order, especially on take out!
This place is all about the karaoke to me. Every Wed. & Sat. 9pm-close. The staff is friendly and attentive, while the whole place has a nice neighborhood bar vibe. Definitely worth checking out and belting a few tunes while you're at it.
They usually do pretty well here. This time our wings were a little on the cold side, they replaced them immediately with some hot ones. I wish they would go back to half price appetizers instead of just 4.00
the food is okay. the portions are small. we went on a thuirsday for pizza and wings cause their wings are 45 cents. we ordered a small cheese pizza 24 wings and 2 drinks. their wings are so small i felt like i was eating popcorn chicken. we should of gone to our regular place barro's where for the same price we get twice the size of the wings and an extra large pizza. and not to mention better tasting.no more native for me plus the hostess was busy chit chatting. why is it that all restaurants who hire 16 year old girls tend to have that issue.
First time to this Chain and it was Okay! Service was good and the food was just okay nothing I would rush back for to be honest
The atmosphere is what to be expected for a sports bar....Great place to meet with friends and have a cold one!......Staff is very friendly....Food is OK......for the money you pay the portions are really to small.....Love their chicken wings and pizzas!!!!! .....
Good times, good service. Always a good crowd of fun peoples in the bar area, and it is separate from a large dinning area if you are coming with kids
Overall this place is a big disappointing.  I guess because Maricopa has such a small selection of sit down restaurants quality and customer service is optional.  I've been in a total of three times and have had no good experiences.  The food is a joke, nothing worth the prices being charged, definitely below the quality I would expect from such a widely respected chain.  The sub-par food is enough to keep me away but the experience I had with our waitress my last time really punctuated my decision not to return.

I had ordered a side of guacamole with my meal and when everything arrived it had forgotten, honest mistake.  I didn't really care that much so I proceeded to eat my meal without it and was again not impressed.  At the end when the check came sure enough there was the $1 charge for the side.  I pointed out to the waitress that she needed to remove the charge because the side was missed.  Here comes the shocker, the waitress began to scold me for not telling her when the meal came out!  She told me next time I need to tell her before the check arrives  Had it not been for my mother-in-law I would have let the girl know how rude and unprofessional she was about her mistake, I'm the customer I only need to know what I want to order.  She went on to rattle off something about how she had already been dinged for a similar circumstance, then begrudgingly gave me a dollar out of her own pocket, I assume so she wouldn't get reprimanded by her boss.

My take on this place, leave it.  0 for 3 I will not be returning.
This is by far the worst of the Native New Yorker franchises... which I like.  The Tues wing special is more expensive (.10 per wing) than the others and their wings are smaller.  When we asked the waitress about the differences her reply was that there was no difference... well I beg to differ as I have eaten at the Gilbert Rd and Germann location many times and there was a huge difference in the quality of the wings! I won't be going back... just because Maricopa is lacking in competition doesn't mean quality can take a backseat.
I've only been here at night so far, and last night was only my second time. It's a great small town bar, everyone knows each other and they are all very friendly. If you find yourself in Maricopa at night and you're looking for the night scene this is it.
Not really a fan of anything they offered food and service was not even worth writing a full review!!
Good food 'almost' all the time. Last visit was terrible. 19 out of 20 visits are great though.
Good food and a fun place to hang out for a beer.

I also take the family there as the kids like the food also.
TERRIBLE service.  The restaurant wasn't that busy & there were plenty of empty table but I was told I needed to wait so they could clean off a tables.  So I waited, waited, waited & finally asked, do you think I can be seated soon orrrr? Oh I'm sorry I totally forgot!  We don't have any clean towels to clean the table, they're looking for some in the back. Really? Ooookkk...  So, I finally get seated wait another 10 minutes before the server approaches me.  She asked what she could get me to drink & wanted to know if I was ready to order. I ordered my drink, (ice water that tasted like it was straight out of a toilet) & said I'd love to order but nobody has given me a menu.  Finally ordered a cheeseburger.  Added mushrooms, substituted a salad instead of fries. The sad plate of lettuce, they call their house salad did come right out & I was starving at this point so I ate my plate of lettuce. Waited, waited, waited, a 1/2 hour goes by, I finally went to the front & asked the hostess to get me my check & make the burger to go.  I'd been sitting there so long I was already late back to work.  Then my bill came. A Cheeseburger w/ a side salad & water to drink, $14.50. Huh???  For a cheeseburger meal.  I could've got better service & a better burger from Carls Jr. for 1/3 of that price.  Needless to say, I dont think I'll be back.
I'd give this place 3 stars if I was only reviewing the Bar...but on occasion, I take my family here for dinner...and as usual, we were very disappointed with the food quality and taste.  This is one of the last standing local joints in the Copa, so they know that they do not need to raise the bar on themselves due to a captive audience.  The quality if what leaves the kitchen is un professional and bland.  Boneless BBq wings - my daughter was nauseated while eating these, her normal fav dish.  Chicken Pot Pie - RAW dough at the bottom;  soupy mess in between...Asian Chicken Salad with their special ginger sesame dressing???  This was tasteless and the chicken was in long strips and also without taste.  Lettuce was in 6" strips and a very miss matched sort of greens...

My son ordered the Traditional Wings medium w/ hot on the side...these were as always very tasty.  See, not all bad, but if you want a meal and not bar food, go to KFC.
Consistently the WORST service ever.  With so few decent choices in town (besides fast food), we have gone back many times because the food is alright.  It's one of the few places where I can get a pretty good salad that isn't drowning in dressing or where the lettuce isn't wilted and disgusting.  That's about the nicest thing I can say.  The service, no matter how few people are in the place, is always incredibly slow and the staff seem too young and inexperienced to care or to engage in any kind of rapport with the guests.  Really, really disappointing every time and just okay for takeout.
Good wings! Love the salt and pepper wings especially! The karaoke is fun too! I go about 2 times a month and I always get good service.
The server was friendly, but the food was horrible.

The food took forever to come out (nearly 30 mins).
I ordered the California Burger and fries. Fries were cold. Burger was bland. Lettuce was withered.

My mom ordered buffalo wings. Salty and cold.

Won't be going back. I rather drive all the way to Chandler.
Been a few times, and I always seem to get sick after eating here. The food isn't very good, just full of grease and fat. The staff isn't the friendliest of people either.
I have gone here a handful of times in the 5 years I have lived in copa and most times it was horrible the food was dry and tasted like it had been sitting on the counter in back for hours ...but in my most recent visits it seems to have improved greatly. Hope it stays that way....
My family recently relocated from the east coast and was originally excited to check this place out. Maricopa is a small town with few restaurant options so one with an east coast vibe sounded comforting. I was incredibly disappointed with this place. There is nothing native, nor New York about this place. Its dark, low-budget decor is not welcoming at all. So a few oddly placed landscape photos of New York is supposed to help? The menu was equally disappointing. I ordered the ribs, oops, they no longer sell ribs here and haven't fixed the menu because it comes from corporate. So I asked if they offer any steak options. No steak either, not even a New York Strip? Does this chain think people in AZ are stupid and have never been to NY? I ended up ordered the fish basket but only 1 out 3 of the fillets actually showed up on time. Can we say Kitchen Nightmares?

Our server, Kelly, was as sweet as can be so kudos to her. 

I'm glad I'm a native Floridian and not a New Yorker otherwise this place would offend me.
I ordered carryout buffalo wings.  The staff seemed friendly and efficient, the general feel of the establishment was nice.

The men's room was filthy and in ill repair.  My order was served promptly and when I got home the wings were small and slightly above room temperature.  I called and asked a manager how one cooks room temperature buffalo wings and was told that they are batch cooked in advance and kept hot.  I do not see how they could be kept at a safe temperature if within five minutes they are as I received them.

The manager offered a replacement, as that would have meant driving back to their restaurant I declined.
This place is good for a quick lunch or dinner with family. Kid-friendly, too.
Consistently good food and service. We return here often.
The food lags far behind even other Native New Yorker locations. They don't have everything on their menu, and their service is lazy. Everyone seemed unhappy working there. Honestly, we haven't gone back there since March, and considering the lack of other options, you have to be pretty bad to get out of the Maricopa rotation. Congrats, Native.
Since they changed the wings to this awful breaded thing I don't order. I miss the old 10 cent wings
I have been to several Native New Yorker restaurants, and this is the least welcoming of them. The staff seems disinterested in real service, and performs the bare necessities to get by.  If you bring any discount or coupon, wait staff has to take it to the wizard behind the curtain for permission to use it, which really slows down a take-out order.  In the years since they opened, the quality of food and service has really gone downhill.  Too bad for Maricopa with too few alternatives.
Just really bad... We've been to this location twice now and it's just terrible. The wings are overly breaded and they kind of just slop the sauce on, not even covering the entire wing. Also we normally get the spicy honey mustard at other locations and I don't know what sauce this location uses but it isn't even a mustard. It's some sort of oily concoction that tastes like spicy fried oil. Yuck! Also the restaurant itself has an awkward setup that feels uncomfortable especially when the booths and tables are run down and old. My boyfriend happened to use their restroom and he said it was disgusting and compared it to a run down gas station bathroom. Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.  We normally go to the Ahwatukee location and I think we'll just keep making the 25 minute drive and go to a more comfortable location where the food is good and the atmosphere is friendly and inviting.
Food is good they have a great local bar area here nice place to go in Maricopa on a Friday or Saturday night I wish they had a little. More stuff on the menu but that's the only down side to here its a great local place to take your family
Took the family for the night out for dinner. Wife and I had the BBQ Sliders, very good.  Also ordered some Honey BBQ wings, wonderful!  A bit heavy on sauce, but still ate everything.  French fries were seasoned well, didn't have to add any salt or pepper.  Wanted more soda refill though.  We will be back and devour more wings!
Place is going downhill fast.. Gary the manager has no idea how to run a restaurant . No customer service poor management ,disgusting and dirty bathrooms whole place smells like old beer .
While our server was great the food was mediocre and the atmosphere poor. Place was a little grungy. Won't be going back
Was excited to try this place having just moved to Maricopa about a week ago. Got seated and served drinks fairly quick. That was good. We placed our order and that was easy and quick. Between 4 adults we ordered about 4.5 pounds of wings. I didn't realize that would take about an hour wait time...! 

We were so hungry just sitting there seeing people who came in after us get their food AND bills before us. So irritating. And our waitress didn't seem to mind us waiting. 

Can't say id be back any time soon
The service is friendly and fast, the food is exactly what you'd expect from a large chain. No real surprises, the best part is the regulars at the bar. Lots of fun.
This place smells stale.  The bar looks like it walked right out of 1987's Handbook For Setting Up A Sports Bar - poorly lit, a handful of TVs, a couple of decent beer taps, mediocre prices.

The wings are terrible here.  I remember when Native had good wings.  Now these are laughable, and with all the better wing places in the Phoenix area, Native is a bad choice.  

The service is slow.  Granted, that's par for the course in Maricopa, but still.  I wouldn't waste my time.  Even the Luxe Lounge in the Multi-tainment Center has better wings.
Food was fairly good its a bit noisy for my taste but what do you expect from a bar on a Friday? The service however sucked. Our waitress only came to our table to take our order and bring it to us and give us the bill. Our drinks stayed empty and we watched her sit down behind the register. The 3 whole times she came by she flirted with the gentlemen I was dinning with and even told him to stop by the register for her number. Hello? I was there! I know this isn't the usual experience and not really the restaurants fault. We filed a complaint and received a discount. Other then that no actual action was taken. The food in my opinion was way over priced. Not that the food was bad but $14 for a cheeseburger... Other than that it was very clean and the other waitresses were very friendly and willing to get the manager for us. Probably better as a place with a group of friends than a couple.
Worst experience ever. And I love wings. I can't believe that after spending $70 on wings only to get some wings with feathers on it. Yes correct was so disappointed. There goes my experience.
Today I had an appointment for a "cake tasting" (for the wedding) with Julia Baker Confections.  I had no expectations going in and didn't really think too much about a cake at all prior to today.  I didn't do any research, I just went with the flow.  Jared opted not to participate, so it was just me, my mom, and our wedding planner.  

I was super impressed from the moment i set foot in Julia's office.  Not only did Julia herself greet us at the door, but the cakes on display were like pieces of art!  I learned about her business as I admired the cake creations and luxury chocolates that surrounded me.  Not only was everything incredibly breathtaking to look at, but I didn't take one bite of anything that I didn't absolutely love!

(Yes - the wedding diet was on hiatus during my visit with Julia today!)

I sampled the passion fruit chocolate and it was amazing.  My mom commented that the caramel truffle she chose was like an orgasm in her mouth!  Then it was on to the cakes: we had the white traditional cake with raspberry gelee and swiss meringue buttercream filling and american buttercream frosting, the chocolate cake with chocolate ganache filling and chocolate ganache frosting, and the red velvet cake with sweet cream cheese filling and american buttercream frosting.  OMG - divine!  All of it! (And I don't even consider myself a 'cake person.')

I won't say which one my favorite was but I will say that Jared loved the same one I did when I brought him samples later in the day.  Our guests are in for a real treat...

Since our meeting, I did some research only to learn that Julia's sweet creations have garnered her notoriety as the "Chocolatier to the Stars" and singer/songwriter Alicia Keys has called Julia "breathtakingly talented." Among the many celebrities Julia has made chocolates for are Bono & U2, Paris Hilton, Jennifer Aniston, and Britney Spears.  None of this surprises me, other than not understanding how Julia keeps her girlish figure while she's surrounded by sugar and amazing fresh ingredients 24/7!

I am so excited for Julia to create our wedding cake!  If you're looking for a custom creation made with passion, check out Julia Baker Confections.
I had one of Julia Baker's petal cake at a New Year's Eve bash two years ago. The chocolate cake was truly the best cake I have ever eaten in my 39 years of life. It was a beautiful masterpiece to look at and almost a shame to disassemble to eat. The chocolate leaves were my favorite part though the moist cake layers competed.  My husband and I took home a slice and fought over each crumb the next day.
Oh My God!! Julia Baker Confections makes the BEST chocolates, hands down.  I sell them in my store and the customers go crazy for them.  I always get samples to pass out and everyone who tries one of her chocolates buys a box.  I really wish I lived in the Phoenix area because her cakes are so spectacular-I would love to order them for every special occasion.  I have had a tasting when I toured her offices and the cakes are every bit as delicious as her chocolates.  Not to mention that they are truly works of art.  Love everything about this business including the sweet, amazing staff and of course, Julia herself!
My boyfriend brought me these amazing Caramel Truffles...I can't wait to visit and try the cakes!!!!!

THE BEST CHOCOLATES EVER THOUGH!!!!!!!!!!!!
We used Julia Baker for our wedding cake.  It was the most amazing cake we have ever seen.  It was three layers of individual dark and milk chocholate with gnoche on the bottom.  It was the hit of our wedding and still 6 months later people still talk about it.

We have also sampled her truffles which are out of this world.  Now that she has a shop at the Intercontinental we will have to go sampling.  Everyone needs to try her chocolates.  You will die and think you went to chocolate heaven.  Congrats Julia.  Thank you so much for making our day so special.  
Shari and Dan C.
Ridiculously talented Pastry Chef Julia Baker runs this brand. Let me tell you--you haven't had caramel truffles ever, until you've had hers. 'Nuff said!
One of the rare "deserves every single 5 start review" places on Yelp.  Carmel truffles?  Sublime!   Red Velvet Chocolate Bon Bons? Extraordinary!! Think that's incredible - try the Dark Chocolate ones.  Best. Gift. Ever. for under $100 (seriously!) YUM.
A couple of my favorite chocolate places are Jacques Torres in New York and Vosges in Chicago.

I stopped into Julia Baker's shop at Montelucia and picked out six different chocolates.  They were all very good.  I'd like to see more selection to choose from in the future.

It's nice to have a high end chocolate maker here in the Valley.
With Valentine's Day around the corner, now is the time I start warning my husband NOT to buy me chocolates.  Somehow I believe that giving them up is going to miraculously result in a 20 lb weight loss.  One can always hope.

This year is different.  After sampling these delightful confections at the DBG Chile and Chocolate Festival, I was hooked.  At the time, I sampled an itsy bitsy bite of the passion fruit chocolate, I was sold.  I wished I had a trunk full of disguises readily available so that I could eat each and every morsel on that tray.  It was too early to buy chocolates for the holidays, but we did go to the boutique at the Montelucia a month later.  I'm sure the valet appreciated parking our vehicle with it's sweet scent of our Chompie's leftovers in the back seat. 

We selected several different boxes for ONLY the people I thought would appreciate such exquisite chocolates.  Anyone that I've witnessed shoving an entire chocolate in their mouth with 2 chews at best was off the list.  That left a small list which was great for me considering these pricey little gems.  And despite my faint-hearted protests, my husband smartly insisted on choosing a box for me.  There are actually only a handful of selections, but truthfully, the flavors are so brilliant, you will not need any more.  My favorite is the passion fruit, followed closely by the French caramel truffle.  I usually don't even like caramel, but this toffee covered truffle is filled with the creamiest caramel you can imagine.

The boutique is open every day, until 10 pm Wed-Sat!  We had the pleasure of meeting Julia on our visit and she let us know they offer chocolate and wine pairings as well!!
It's no surprise why Julia Baker has such great reviews. Her creations exude excellence. Pure and utter excellence. This could be my sugar high talking but that just means she truly succeeded in accomplishing perfection in her desserts! 

I finally visited Julia Baker's store this weekend at the Monte Lucia. When I walked in, I noticed how minimalistic it was. It was trendy, clean, fresh and subtle all at once. I read on the wall how Julia studied in France and then worked at two shops in France and let me just say...it completely shows in her desserts and her decor! 

I have a thing for mini cakes lately, and especially cake pops and cake balls. For those of you who haven't experienced either yet, they are pretty much "Alice In Wonderland" style cakes which are round cakes that you can pop in your mouth in less than three bites. It gives me the sweet tooth satisfaction I need without having a large piece of cake staring at me in the face. Plus, it's always fun eating miniature food. Don't ask me why. So yes, Julia Baker sells cake balls. She has red velvet and chocolate. I tried the red velvet and it was definitely velvet in my mouth! Delicious. They would be adorable party favors and especially since I learned that they create specially decorated cake balls for every holiday -- Mother's Day ones are coming out this week! The cake balls are $2.25 a ball, so they aren't cheap but would Parisians complain if they could have perfection in their mouth without the calories of an entire slice of cake? I don't think they would so I'm not going to either! Voila. 

Moving on to the truffles. Julia Baker has won awards for her caramel chocolate truffles, so I had to give it a go. It's a petite truffle with creamy caramel in the middle and with one bite, I was in bliss. The chocolate is decadent and it's the perfect size. She also has hand cut chocolates and other truffles for sale. In addition, she sells several boxes of different shapes and sizes for gifts or parties. This is the ideal place for a hostess gift or for small party favors if you're willing to dig into the wallet. She has the signature caramel truffles in individually wrapped plastic boxes which would be absolutely adorable on a table during a party. 

So I tried the cake and the truffle and I'm a huge fan, so I will say that if you have a party of any shape and size and you're looking for a sweet touch to the party, check out Julia Baker. Au Revoir!
I know this is soon for an update, but I find this update-worthy! When I visited Julia Baker last week, they said they would be carrying cake balls for Mother's Day. So on Thursday, I went back to purchase some for the Mothers in my life. They are adorable! They put three in a packet and they have white and chocolate balls with hard sugar flowers on top. They are the perfect gift or addition to a gift. Plus they are sturdy little guys! So, if you are looking for a last minute Mother's Day gift, scurry to Julia Bakers.
I stopped in here again one day after lunch.  I had a craving for some really good chocolate for dessert.

The dark chocolate cake ball was awesome.  Super rich melt in my mouth goodness.

I also bought a dark chocolate goey bar to go.  That night I intended to only bite off a small piece of the bar.  I ended up eating half of it.

JBC rocks!
Appearance: 10/10
Taste: 10/10

Overall: 10/10

I can only think of one word to describe her chocolates: decadent!

I had no idea I was going to be eating Julia Baker chocolate today, but you can bet I was thrilled when I found out she was coming into our office today. Smart woman that she is she brought her chocolates with her.

The first one I tried was their caramel truffle: Heaven!
The second one I had was the milk chocolate ganache:Scrumptious!

Warning: Do not eat at your desk. Eating might cause noises of delight.
This is a pre-visit review. How a business treats you BEFORE your actual visit is the lasting impression that of course gets you to come! And plus, some businesses tend to forget that great service has to also be extended in situations when youre not face to face. If they can help you thoroughly, with top notch service via phone and email, they're sure to please you when you arrive. 

So, I've been planning a few birthday surprises for my boyfriend's upcoming birthday, and Julia Baker Confections have been nothing but fantastic to me! Kelly Beeby has guided me and recommended so many wonderful confections and treats that'll make our trip to Scottsdale so much...well- sweeter. She's an expertise and a shining representative of Julia Bakers. I can't wait to pay them a visit when we head down there and to finally get to taste the treats!

Best believe- another 5 star rating will come from me then!!
This review is a little late coming, but just got myself some fabulous chocolates and remembered how addicted I am to the passion fruit ones. It's a good things they're so pricey or I would probably eat an entire box.
Julia Baker also did our wedding cake in 2010. The cake was a beautiful three tier red velvet. It tasted amazing, we still get compliments on it. Julia and all her employees were a joy to work with, the tasting appointment was one of our favorite parts of wedding planning. Would definitely recommend.

Lost a star because they are a tad bit overpriced. Also the design on our cake was the wrong color, our wedding color was an olive green and the cake design was a bright almost neon green and we had asked for an olive or dark emerald color. If there wasn't a million other things going on I might have stressed about it but as it were the cake tasted great enough to make up for it.

They didn't last too long at the Montelucia, which is usually when I'd stop in for a treat. I'm not sure where they moved but I know that you can buy the truffles and chocolates (seriously try the passion fruit) at AJ's Fine Foods in the area.
Thanks to Kelly Beeby from Julia Baker Confections!  Kelly was a helpful and creative resource during my wedding planning.  The sweets table and wedding cake - especially my gluten free cake - were beautiful and delicious.
Hoping to calm a tempestuous woman? 
Do something unscrupulous and looking for a way to say, "I'm sorry" without saying it? 
In search of a new aphrodisiac? (Uh, okay weirdo...)
That time of the month? 

Get a box of passion fruit truffles. Bitches love passion fruit truffles.
Awful chocolates!!!!  
This is perhaps the worst chocolate we have ever eaten.  Beautiful, yes.  But the chocolate ganaches were so bad I had to spit them out.  My husband and I agree they are inedible.  They have a funky chemical taste to them that hits you pretty quickly.  The truffles and caramels were OK but all of the flavors of the ganaches are just awful. 

I splurged on the holiday assortment in a red hat box, which is a lovely box but pointless if the chocolates are inedible.   I am going to have to throw away most of these.
They have relocated to the Biltmore Shopping Mall at 24th Street and Camelback.  Yay!!  They serve wine or coffee with chocolate candies or cakes in a sit-down cafe, and they sell custom-boxed candies or ready made and wrapped gift boxes.  Their chocolates have a distinctive flavor; different than Godiva or Ghirardelli (sp).  I don't usually like creamy chocolates, but theirs are an exception for me.  The cakes I have tried are top shelf! Yum.  I have not had the wine.  The coffee is rather good (says the Starbucks gold card holder). 
It's a fun venue when recharging after a movie at AMC across the street, and before taking home an adorable pet from Petique or a new Coach bag (less responsibility in the latter case) or a British cruiser bike.
Quality ingredients. Highly refined pastry skills. Edible luxury. Boom!
Deliciously decadent little bites of chocolate paradise!
This place is so cute! Perfect spot  for a date night and also for a girls night out. Went there with a couple girlfriends and ate yummy chocolate and drank wine. It can be kinda pricey, but if you get the tasting its not to bad.
There are a number of high quality chocolate shops in the US, but Julia Baker did not make the cut.  I like the elegant storefront decor, and the seating area for chocolate enjoyment.  Unfortunately, the chocolate flavor did not come through on many of the selections.  The fruit flavored ones completely overpowered the chocolate instead of complementing it.  The chocolates are not bad overall, but there are better options out there.
It's time for another update! Julia Baker has moved locations to the Biltmore Fashion Park and I am so very happy with their new location! Now not only do they sell their delectable truffles but they also have a cafe complete with mochas, sipping chocolate, and all of Julia's desserts! 

The shop has the feel of a Parisian Cafe and my sweet tooth kicks into gear as soon as I walk inside. During my most recent visit, I had one of the toffee caramel truffles and purchased chocolate covered pretzels for the road. The toffee caramel truffle was beyond delicious. As soon as I bite into the truffle, ooey gooey caramel flowed out. One definitely was not enough! Later in the day, I tried the chocolate covered pretzels and the chocolate is thick and creamy against the pretzel. These are a must purchase as is everything at this store. 

Next time I visit, I will be trying a dessert and a chocolate martini in the cafe!
I absolutely adore this place...everything about it!  I came here on the recommendation of my stylist and couldn't be happier that I have found Julia Baker.  The decor is sophisticated, the service is extremely attentive and the experience is top notch.  We tried some champagne and chocolates...next time we'll try some of the desserts too!
I stumbled across this gem while looking for another store...I guess my lack of direction can pay off sometimes! If you are looking for some beautiful unique chocolates that are made locally, this is your place. Visiting from out of state, I was looking for a gift for somebody to bring back. What a perfect gift, and who doesn't like chocolate?! (You can't be my friend if the answer is you).

Julia offers a small selection of homemade chocolates, truffles and cake balls. The selection isn't enormous, so the indecisive (like myself) won't be too challenged. I easily filled a box with an assortment sure to please anybody. The prices are a tad on the high side but worth it in my opinion- especially with the excellent service and samples I was so graciously given!

The other half of the store will satisfy your sweet tooth if you are looking to sit down for a dessert or specialty drink. That may just have to happen the next time I'm in the area!
Just had an amazing experience at Julia Baker's. Talk about next girls night out. Ladies this is the place to be. Yes, you can dine as early as 10am and sip on some fresh French Coco but there is an experience like no other in Phoenix. As an Elite member I had the opportunity to get the total experience. I met Julia who has an amazing story on how she got started. This lovely lady who created a dynamic, classy, and trendy Chocolate shop at the Biltmore Fashion Park created an ambiance that is fun. Gosh! Where do I start?

The place is trendy with chandeliers and unique table settings. A total "Sex in The City" ladies spot. Yes, men can enjoy too but  this so reminds me of a girls hang out for bridal showers, girls night or birthday party. The variety of Chocolates and Cakes are freshly made with the best ingredients. You can place am order to go, dine in or have a party. Not to mention there are drinks. Yep! That's right... A variety of Champagne, Wines, and much more. The big hit of the night was the Chocolate Martini. I did not try it because I am not a drinker but the Yelp Ladies went "Wild." The glass was uniquely decorated with Chocolate with a glass filled with Yum!Yum! Yum! 

If your ready to get Chocolate wasted this is the place to be. The staff are wonderful and professional. Plan on having a wonderful experience when you stop in.
She is adorable & u need to try the chocolate martini!!
I typically would not write a review based on a Yelp event where I had the chance to try the food for free, but I just cannot hold back when it comes to this shop. The chocolate here is ridic. It is so good. I want to go back now....and tomorrow......and everyday. I won't, because no matter what Julia says, you can't eat this stuff everyday and be in good shape. Anyway, the chocolate martini may be the best drink I've ever had....so rich and delicious. The cakes were all good, but the chocolate mousse with the hazelnut was just insanity. I cannot wait until I can go back and have some more of this crazy delicious dessert....this may be my new fave dessert in the desert!
Chocolate heaven in a pastry shop and wine bar. The decor is beautiful. Julia is a wonderful and inspiring woman. She should be a motivational speaker. The desserts are scrumptious. A cute place for a gals night out party or shower. Another interesting little FYI Julia just got her own show on TV. Good for her. The only thing I want to know is how she stays so slim eating all that daily decadence.
I am not a huge chocolate fan....but after coming here, I think I may have changed my mind.  I would never have thought of coming into this cute boutique shop if it weren't for the Yelp Elite event that I attended.  Julia Baker was there and told us how she got to where she was.  What an amazing woman and such a go-getter. I could've sat there and listened to her talk all night.  I wish her the best of luck with her future endeavors including her show coming up on the Food Network.  

During this stop, Julia served us with Prosecco - I'm not a huge fan, but she accommodated by offering Moscato - now that's what I like!  We were also served a chocolate martini...in my mind, I kept thinking, ugh, I'm not going to like this....but after I took my sip, I chugged that thing down and wanted more!  The chocolate was so creamy and the alcohol content in there just made it perfect. 

Three desserts were served - a chocolate hazelnut with a cookie-like crust at the bottom.  Again, not a chocolate lover, but this was absolutely scrumptious and I cleaned off that dessert like it was nobody's business.  Second dessert was red velvet - which was just that, velvety and delicious.  Not dry and perfectly moist.  The last dessert was her white chocolate with passion fruit and coconut.  Because I do not like coconut, this was my least favorite.  

We were also given a little 2-piece sample in a cute box with a pink ribbon on it.  When I got home, my 5-year old gobbled it down before I could even eat it!! He came to me with chocolate all around his mouth saying it was delicious.  I believe him!

This place has a back area that can be curtained off for private parties, book clubs, showers, etc.  I will definitely be coming back to this gem and buy gifts for friends in the future!

And Julia, if you're reading this....maybe we have met somewhere before....I used to work in the hotel & restaurant industry and I know Chuck amongst some other Chefs....so I'm sure we have crossed paths before.  :) Hope to see you again!
We came in here during a Yelp event and just wanted to draft a quick review. Julia was there for the event and gave us a very interesting class on chocolates and how she got started in the chocolate business. She was very upbeat and was very interesting.  She's accomplished a lot in her life. 

While at the event we were able to be lucky enough to sample 3 of her delicious desserts including the passion fruit cake, red velvet cake, and a chocolate moose while drinking a wonderful chocolate martini. Man they were just awesome!!! I know my wife was in heaven and we will make this a regular stop next time we are in the Biltmore!!
yes, she was here! Julia Baker herself. don't know her? me neither...and then i met her and tasted the goodies she makes, and now i will never forget her. 
even more impressive was that she was so normal! like a regular person who liked to make chocolate goodness and became successful, but still remained normal. i liked her tremendously. and then she passed around some of her goodies. 

hot damn, i was having a fit. the passion fruit treat was my favorite. it was rich, flavorful, but light. there was no skimping on the passion fruit either. next favorite was the red velvet cake...now we're talking richness. then, and i can't remember it...but it was pure chocolate...deca-freaking-dent! but with champagne, it all goes down way too easily. 

julia is a well rounded and knowledgeable chocolate expert....she loves what she does and it made the experience so much better. i may have a new place to treat the wife to!
I was surprised to walk in here and see tables and chairs, and a bar! I assumed it was only a storefront for her chocolates, but you can order champagne and desserts-even reserve the back half of the establishment for private functions! We got to sample tastes of the red velvet cake, passion fruit dessert, and the third was a chocolate ganache filled piece of heaven. We also got a chocolate lesson on what exactly 70% dark means, and the difference between milk, dark, and white chocolate. 
Meeting Julia Baker herself really made this trip to Julia Baker Confections something extraordinary. She really has an interesting story about how she got into the chocolate business!
CHOCOLATE DREAMS.

Sometimes the very best things come from dreams. Julia Baker's dream was to make sure that the very best chocolate was available to everyone. Her dream was not a small one; nor one that was easily accomplished. But it was there and it was so real that it overshadowed the other successful parts of her life. How do I know this about her Chocolate Dream?

Because she is not one to skimp on words. She tells it like it is. She lays it all out there for all to see. She tells a story that started with her dream and that story has grown into more than just one woman's dream; but has grown into the dream of many from Arizona to Ghana. 

That dream has become the reality of CHOCOLATE farming. Chocolate Confections. Chocolate Truffles. Chocolate Martinis. Chocolate Pralines. French Sipping Chocolate. Chocolate Mousse Cake. Red Velvet Chocolate Truffles. White Chocolate.  Milk Chocolate. Dark Chocolate. Chocolate Dreams. Chocolate. Sweet Chocolate. Sweet, Sweet Chocolate. This is what sweet dreams are made of . . . Sweet Julia with the chocolate dreams.

www.JuliaBakerConfections.com
Amazing. So delicious. The shop itself is beautiful, with a nice sitting area if you want dessert and cocktails. We picked up a few chocolates and a bar and were not disappointed in the least bit.

The dark ganache truffle is rich, fantastic, delicious. Hazelnut is wonderful, coconut is yummy with a nice texture, milk ganache is simple and sweet, and the Irish creme was beyond what I would expect.

The milk gooey chocolate bar is perfectly balanced with caramel. Usually, bars like this are overdone and too sweet, but this was the best.

I cannot wait to stop in again and have a cake based dessert with a cocktail. This place is a little pricey, but definitely worth it.
I LOVE Julia Baker!!!  I told her that I'm going to move into her shop and eat chocolate forever...well maybe not because I would miss my husband, but this is THE PLACE for all things chocolate in the Valley.  And Julia Baker is so incredibly welcoming on top of that.  She hosted a group of Yelp Elites for the Dine Around the Biltmore event and the things she let us sample were to. die. for.  On top of that she sent us home with a little box of chocolates.  I can't wait to bring my husband back here!  Thank you Julia Baker for your wonderful hospitiality and your love of chocolate.  It shows in everything you touch and I know you have even bigger things ahead!  Let me know if you ever need a taste tester.  I will gladly volunteer my services for free, teehee. :)
This little shop is pure magic. We sauntered in post dinner and had a fabulous finish to our meal. The chocolate lava cake made me whimper and mewl. The cake itself was a little piece of perfection and  the chocolate erupting from it truly amazing. It was served with vanilla ice cream surrounded by a fine bed of chocolate crumbs. We paired this with two bold red wines that really brought us to the apex of dessert heaven.

We met Julia and are excited about her efforts to give the Ghana(ese) people a hand up. It's a great mission to be able to change lives through chocolate! We'll be watching her website due to be relaunched to see the progress of Julia Baker Confections.
Do you love wine? And chocolate? Or both together? Need I say more then?? I first stumbled upon this glorious place while shopping in the Biltmore. I mean, who (ok maybe just us females) would NOT walk into a chocolate store  that also sells alcohol! You can sample off a tasing menu and sip a luxurious cocktail or take something to go like a box of chocolates. This I probably don't need to say makes for an amazing date or just something different and special to do! I got a Valentine's gift this year from Julia and LOVED it! Can't wait to go back again! Check out the website to really get the idea! 
http://www.juliabakerconfections.com/
This shop appeals to my girlishness. Prim, proper, pink and chocolates.  It makes me think of a cute shop in Paris. My friend and I felt like we had to be dressed up to enter here but the girls were still very welcoming to us considering we were in outdoorsy gear. They gave us a couple of free samples and explained to us the story of Julia Baker.  We were very impressed with their adorable uniforms and inquired about them. They are pink and black and so cute! 

We were waiting for our buzzer to go off for dinner for True Food Kitchen so we picked up one of their chocolates for dessert to go. $3 for a visually beautiful piece of chocolate. Taste wise it wasn't the most sophisticated chocolate I've ever tasted but I think the entire experience is what makes Julia Baker Confections so special.
Verrrrry good chocolate!  Priced similarly to what you find at Godiva, but you get chocolates that are even more delicious.  The shop is gorgeous and the sales people are so sweet offering a sample and information about the chocolates. They have a cute sitting area including a bar where they make coffee, hot chocolate, lattes, and serve wine to pair with your purchased confections.  I ended up buying a box of 8 from the case.  The french caramel truffle was just about the most delicious thing I'd ever eaten.  I kinda wished my whole box was just those... Maybe I should ask Santa!  ;)  No doubt, when I visit the Biltmore, I will be stopping here for a treat!
OMG I'M IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!
Btw, Did I mention that Julia Baker is amazing? I didnt? Well SHE IS. So down to earth with a great sense of humor! She definitely has an interesting life story. 
I think this is a great place at the Biltmore to stop by for a bit of indulgence in chocolate, girl talk and espresso. 
They offer free wifi, which is great if you want to stop by and do some surfing of the web. If I lived in the area, I would stop by here to do homework. 
The ambiance is girly, but very European as well. Very similar to how I would view a cafe in France. 
The chocolates here can be a little pricey, but they are to die for. I would suggest the red velvet cake dipped in dark chocolate. Its amazing. 
I'll be stopping here every time I come to  Biltmore Fashion Park!
Well . . . I guess I'll join the " I LOVE JULIA BAKER " band wagon!!! As part of a Yelp event, Julia was there and oozed charisma. She was funny, engaging, and full of passion for her chocolate everything. I'm pretty sure everyone who meets her, falls in love with her. She's one of those girls, yup, she's like that. 
She told us her story, taught us how to discern quality chocolate the Dr. Oz way with canisters of cocoa, fat, sugar displayed in an easy to understand graphic matter. Best way to dispense important information- so simple and clear even a 5 yr old can understand it. 
From there, things just got deliciously better. She treated us to not just one but three decadent desserts beautifully presented in the best fashionable way. I'm not one to eat dessert but I made an exception for Julia. Because I recognize quality dessert when I see it and to pass up anything quality well, that's just not my style. 
True to my eye's opinion, the chocolate, red velvet, and lemon with coconut were all palate spoiling happiness. If you asked me to pick a favorite, I couldn't because in the world of perfect sweets, I love them all equally!
On top of already feeling like I've reached heaven, we paired the desserts with my oh soooo favorite drink of choice- yes, you guess it- bubbly champagne. So crisp, just the right amount of sweetness. 
What?  You say we were in Phoenix? I would say we were in a Parisan cafe, enjoying the sort of evening that creates memories. Especially when already I was feeling the gratitude of a wonderful moment, a chocolate martini was served to me. I thought omg! I can't handle anymore wonderfulness. But again, I made an exception for Julia and her confections. 
You can write that there are better chocolates out there but there are no combination of Julia Baker and chocolates. That's right, she and her chocolates are definitely one of a kind!  
Thanks Julia for the relishing experience!
My friend took us here to ask us to be her bridesmaid so it was fun that we had a nice little corner in the back with some prosecco and chocolate. 

The girls who work there are very cute and fun and were happy we were having a great time. We shared a piece of cake with a sampler of some dark chocolates. From my others reviews you can tell I am girl who likes a good bang for her buck and to me the chocolate size wasn't worth the cash we paid for it. The cake on the other hand was huge and delicious. 

I probably would never go here again because its not up my alley but it was good to be invited and to try something new.
Lovely little shop that serves a delicious cup of coffee with a side of sweet whipped cream. Very decadent! 

Wish I could have indulged in more. 

I will definitely be back for a taste of their chocolates and a box to-go for a great gift! 

Make sure to support this fun local business.
A night out with my little girl was home from school  and we find ourselves at Biltmore FP wandering around. We opt into Julia Confections for a dose of sugar and coffee. We actually did not realize there was seating and desserts til we were inside. With that we sat and shared the sundae. Can we say heaven? The sundae comes in a large decadent bowl and all these sides of more decadence: hot, rich JC, fudge ; hot caramel ; nuts; chantilly cream; chocolate sprinkles. Mmmm. My little girl loved making her own bites out of her rare dose of sugar. The adults had cappuccino from the coffee bar. As if that was not enough, we left with more chocolates. The girl working was a bit overwhelmed by herself; but she was super sweet and polite and apologetic for the tardiness in serving. That goes a long way. This little piece of heaven is tucked into Biltmore and worth the stroll in. Worth the next days workout!
I love Julia Baker's chocolates. Even though they are pretty pricey, they are totally worth it. However, I came in here with a group of girls for my birthday a while ago and I was a little disappointed in the service. If you read the below you might think I am pretty picky and maybe my expectations were just a little too high. But when you are spending that much money on just chocolate and wine what you are really paying for is a fun, girly experience and Julia Baker just did not deliver that.

I called about a month in advance to inquire about a private party. When I was here for the Yelp event (the Dine Around at Biltmore elite event) the owner had told us about how they went all out for bridal showers and other events to make it a great experience. So, I thought it would be fun for my birthday. I was told on the phone that to have the entire place to ourselves for even 1 hour would be a $400 minimum. Well, that is a little much for me but I went ahead and made a reservation for the 9 of us since I figured we would all fit at those tables up by the register/bar. I was a little worried that the other girls would think it was a waste of money since their chocolates are really expensive so my hubby went in and bought a gift card which was an awesome surprise. The morning of the event we had all gone to brunch first and so we arrived about 30 minutes late but I had called from the restaurant so they knew we were still coming.

When we walked in we were not greeted or acknowledged in any way by the lone staff member. I didn't think too poorly of her since she was there by herself and busy with other customers. But when I thought about it later, why didn't they have at least 2 people in the store when they knew a group of 9 girls was going to be there?? The biggest surprise was that none of the tables had been set or had any kind of signage showing it was reserved. After standing around awkwardly for about 5 minutes we just sat down. I had a menu that was included in the envelope with the gift card so we started looking that over. It was another 5-10 minutes before she brought us full menus. She did not provide any explanations on how their chocolates are made, what the different options were or any recommendations. Just dropped off the menus and left. We had to call her back to order some wine. By that time the store was empty and so we had her full attention and she was very nice about letting my friend sample some of the wine that she wasn't sure she would like (and she didn't). But it was still hard for her to get all the chocolate plates ready all on her own. After about an hour another girl walked in and seemed very annoyed at having to deal with a full table of women right away. We ordered another bottle of wine to use up the gift card and when my friend asked for a fresh glass (yeah, the same friend who had ordered a sample of a wine she didn't like) the girl rolled her eyes, sighed and then walked off to get the glass. We all just laughed it off and said "wow, I guess she is having a bad day." I still had a really great time because I have some fabulous girlfriends and my sisters and mom were there. But really considering I had made these plans over a month in advance and we spent almost $200 in that place I just really expected better treatment.

I would maybe come in again just to get a box of chocolates or with a smaller group but they definitely are not a good place for special events as they claim to be.
Pros: Super sweet and delicious cakes, ice cream, and truffles.  

Cons: It can be a tad bit too sweet for me, after a couple bites I'm done.

Red Velvet cake is definitely my favorite and so is their washroom - mirrors everywhere and very clean.
I came here with a good friend for a girls day.  The interior of this place is beautiful! They really paid attention to detail when designing this place.  I ordered a glass of red wine & my friend ordered moscato.  We decided to each other something different & then split.  I got the cake bite trio & she got the chocolate lava cake.  They were both good, but I think for the price we paid I was expecting it to really knock my socks off which it didn't. The service was amazing, the girls were so attentive & sweet, they get an extra star for that! I think when I come back it will be more for a special occasion due to the price.
The man and I come to Julia Baker about once a month and it's always a special treat. The truffles are amazing. My personal favorite is the white chocolate passion fruit. 

I love the concept of this place more than anything. Who doesn't love a chocolate bar? You can enjoy wine pairings for each type of chocolate (wine and chocolate? Woman's best friend) and they even have a variety of other chocolate drinks! Think hot chocolate, chocolate milk, chocolate totties, chocolate coffee; the list goes on and on.

We bought 18 chocolates this evening which  cost about $32.00. Not bad at all considering these are gourmet chocolates. Not to mention that just one bite will prove their worth.
I have been into this store a few times now with my sister, and they have some pretty hard-to-find import foods. They also have a few different kinds of Polish beer, which aren't really bad if you're into that sort of thing.

The store is quiet, there's not really anyone else in there whenever I'm in there. It's a great place if you're looking for food that isn't easy to acquire here. They also have breads, fresh meat, and quite a few dozen variations of sauerkraut. 

Also, like all Polish food stores they carry a LOT of pickled goods. This place is worth going to!

(I should also note, that Google Earth and Google Maps has this place listed in the WRONG location. It's just around the corner from Savers).
Great little deli. They carry meats and cheeses as well as pastries. Eva, the owner, was very nice and answered all our questions. Definitely will be back.
Great deli, very close to "German" style specialties.

Friendly (real Polish) folks with; assorted Rye Breads and pastries still warm in the AM, beers, import jellies & candies, Euro chocolates, Herring,  smoked/cured fish, so many krauts/pickled goods, Kilbasi & real hot dogs, many seasonings, sauce mixes, Polish magazines, sandwiches made to order, OMG...

Way too much to list and cost is way less than Frys for the same old comercial preservative laced, yada yada yada. This local "Mom & Pop Shop" has real meats & cheeses. Since they seem to have no artificial preservatives I go and go often. Today I got a fresh Rye, cold cuts, liver wurst and my favorite cheese that I can't find anywhere else. Cost for a bag full-o-goodies: under $25. Yes Way!

The shop is very clean, parking & acess is easy and it's in a nice area/neighbor hood. Try it, you'll like it.

A+++++
Very friendly and knowledgeable! They have a large variety of delicious deli meats and cheeses as well as fresh breads and pastries. Many different types of Polish beer. Sodas, syrups, pickles, sauerkraut, preserves, noodles, cookies, candy. This little shop is full of so many things! They also carry beauty products from Poland. You will be happy you went!
Once upon a time, before greedy traders and corrupt banks and people's inability to save money launched the U.S. into the second Great Depression, you could find a lot of German and Polish restaurants and food stores in the Valley.  Sadly, like the retirement accounts of so many so-called middle class Americans, these places have vanished along with their many customers, who no longer can afford to spend money on such non-essential luxuries.

Fortunately, Warsaw Village survived the economic catastrophe, though, like lots of businesses, it did so by considerably paring down its selection to avoid wastage and lost revenues therefrom.  Sadly, the shelves are no longer full in this store and for those who remember 'the good days', it's sort of sad to see.  Some of the now missing items are in the back; but a lot of it simply isn't carried anymore, because there just aren't as many customers showing up to buy anymore (or so it seems).  Every time I want to stop by here to pick up something, I always get a little churn in the pit of my stomach ... II keep expecting to show up and they won't be there anymore.

While places like Jana's Bakery has (finally) expanded their selection of non-bakery items on sale, Warsaw Village is still the place to go in the West Valley (actually, the WHOLE Valley) to buy a wide assortment of Polish dry goods, meats, alcohol, pickled vegetables and, especially, pierogi.  Their selection just can't be beat and they don't try and bulk up their offerings by throwing in Bosnian and other former Yugoslavian items, like many 'ethnic' places do to make it seem like they have more than they do.  None of that cheap, sketchy stuff is here:  the overwhelming majority of what they have on hand is Polish or made by places in the States specializing in Polish foodstuffs.  It simply is THE place to go to buy all these things (sadly, though, you need to skip the bread and Makowiec they pick up from other bakeries in the area ... they're usually not fresh by the time you get to it here).

Maybe, one day, when all the financial misery is behind us, places like Warsaw Village will once more open up and thrive as they did in better days.  For now, go and look and buy ... you may not have the opportunity to do so tomorrow.
Vegetarians, beware. Primetime Meat Market offers the best meats in the entire city. Unfortunately, our Vegas supermarkets don't really carry awesome meats and seafoods. Primetime took advantage of this and started its own meat and seafood specialty shop. When you walk in, let's be honest, it smells like raw meat and seafood. But hell, that's why you came, right? My usual buy is the filet and if it's super fresh, the ahi tuna. I can't even tell you how amazing both are. It is like having Morton's steak or the freshest sushi, for much cheaper, and no snooty waiter. They also have spices and seasoning for different meats, and can offer appropriate selctions for wine too. This shop has it all! They butchers are all friendly, and will answer all of your questions. If the meat isn't the freshest is can possibly be, they will tell you when to come back. They will also special order almost anything you wish, just give them plenty of time. They also cook meats for you if your in a rush. Just call in. If you are a dedicated meat eater, you can't find a better quality or selection in this town.
Gary owns Branded Meats, and carries the FINEST meat I've ever bought at a meat store!! Gary has over 20 yrs experience as an executive butcher for Steve Wynn, travelling the country searching for the best meat, and brings it to a little store less than a mile from my house. 

I can't believe that I've eaten meat from Vons, Albertsons, and other grocery stores, being told that it is actually meat. Only Gary has the real stuff -- aged meat that does not disappoint. In fact, it totally blows me away. I could not recommend more highly his rib eye, which will taste better than any other steak you've ever eaten.

He also has a new website, http://www.bizglimpz.com/BrandedMeats which has a cool video of his store. Be sure to visit, but better yet, be sure to get the best meat in southern Nevada, only at Branded Meats and Deli.
Overpriced.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying the quality of the meat or the service provided here are bad (quite the contrary).  Instead, I just think that for the price, we should expect slightly more.  We got some American Wagyu ($30/lb), prime aged rib eye ($18/lb) and regular rib eye ($14/lb), not to mention some chipotle-jalapeno sausage ($4/lb).  While all of these meats were good, I can't justify paying that much for beef I could get cheaper at other places.   

No, I'm not talking about buying "choice" (or, heaven forbid, "select") sirloin from Albertsons.  I'm talking about buying similar quality meats from Whole Foods, Village Meats or Costco.  What?  Yep, you read that right: Costco.  Costco has prime rib eye for $11/lb.  Sure, it's not aged, but neither is the "regular" rib eye from Branded Meats at $14/lb.  And the Costco version is just as tasty.  In fact, my friends and I once did a BLIND taste test between Costco's and Branded Meats' regular and prime steaks.  Costco won hands down for the regular, but Branded Meats won for prime (likely because it was aged for    28 days, whereas Costco's isn't).

I'm all for supporting local small businesses, but you must nonetheless compare places like these to giant chain retailers, as that is the nature of competition.  Will I buy again from Branded Meats?  Mos def.  But only on occasions for which I will need aged beef.  For the regular stuff, I can hit up Costco.
I never liked steak.  No matter how you tenderized it or prepared it, the gristle was too much for me.  Then I bought filet mignon from Branded Meats - their mid-range product.  I asked for six-ounce filets - it wasn't just sitting there hoping I would buy it like in a grocery store...no, it was carved after I ordered it, fat removed save the tiniest bit of marble.  

Heaven. on. the. grill.

Just brushed some olive oil on it and salt and peppered it.  Melt-in-your-mouth wonderful and made me a steak believer.

But only Branded Meats steak.
Planning a dinner party for eight, I was discussing the menu with a friend and dinner guest; he suggested I head to Branded Meats. The next morning, my cohost and I popped over there to see what all the fuss was about.

The short version? Branded Meats makes me happy to be a carnivore and reiterates my oft-used celebration of being at the top of the food chain for a reason. (No, this isn't political, this is gustatory and I am a happy girl in owning that! ;))

I had a difficult time not changing the menu (or adding more to it!). I still have the lamb and veal chops in my head. They will be mine. Oh, yes, they will be mine.

Deciding to stay with the original plan, I explained what I wanted to the young lady behind the counter. I wanted 1.5-2" tall medallions, center cut, about 2-2.5" wide. Ideally, I would put 2 on a plate and offer approximately 8oz of beef. As we talked more, she showed me some of the tenderloins they had and we chose a different cut based on an amazing piece of meat. I love that she took the time to help me choose the meat first, then decide on the cut. Eight, hand-trimmed, center cut filets, and I was out the door.

Pricing. I found it to be fantastic for the amazing quality we found here. $25.99/lb (per pound it was $24.99 for the filet, $1.00 for the center cut). So, for 8 of us... $10-11 each. Amazing cuts of meat, melt in your mouth with no knife needed, for less than someone would waste on fast food? *Totally* worth it.

Great pricing, great selection, and the most informative experience I've ever had at a butcher. Very much appreciated and they now have a faithful new customer! My revitalized interest in cooking was given a push here at Branded Meats and I am looking forward to trying out much, much more.
I love this butcher!! I buy my pork butts, steaks, and ground beef here and all have been SO MUCH better than anything at Smith's/Von's/etc. They are super friendly and  have been great about my ridiculous special orders (they cut me a pork butt to fit my crock pot exactly!!). I also love their fun selection of meat accompaniments - everything from beer to hawaiian sea salt can be found on their shelves!

My only dream is that they would focus more on free range, hormone free products. They do typically have grass fed beef (which I love!), but I'd enjoy even more humane-type meat products. Overall this butcher is excellent, and remains my #1 choice for meats in Henderson.
We have gotten meats twice for special occassions and had great experiences both times.  Based upon these experiences probably will start to get all our meats from here.  You get better service and I love to support independents. Also, It reminds me of my hotel days when we had a butcher on site who cut all the meats for the property.  If you live on the other side of town; I have heard good things about John Mulls Meats as well.
Great place!  They helped me get the perfect veal shanks for my Osso bucco!  Nice and knowledgable. Great service !
Fantastic steaks, and a very friendly staff.  I've not found better prices on prime steaks.  Also a great selection of sausages and fresh seafood.  Today, I noticed a turducken in the freezer.  I didn't get it, but it's nice to know it's there.  A lot of steaks, like filets, cut to order, so you can request the thickness you prefer, rather than choose from what's already cut.  Give Branded a try, you will get a fantastic product for a price better for prime than you'll pay at large grocery chains that carry it.
I came here to pick up some stew meat for a beef stroganoff recipe and I told them it would be cooked in a slow cooker. They cut the pieces just right and the meat was very good and tender. I came in a couple days later for steaks. THE BEST STEAKS EVER! Friendly staff is always great. I'm definitely coming here for all my meaty needs. =] Definitely worth the trip and price
It's 32 miles roundtrip from my house to Branded Meats but the recommendation of a co-worker made me decide to try them. Big mistake as they are closed on Monday. Why didn't I check? Oh, I did, Yelp listed them as open Monday and under the Google map they are still listed as open on Monday.

So now another 10 miles out of my way to Whole Foods to buy steaks. As I was leaving another man who had googled them on his iphone came walking up, he did not look happy when I told him. I wonder how many customers they have lost by not paying attention to something so simple.

I did email Branded Beats about this and received a rather lame apology after a few weeks. They had not been open on Mondays for over two years but never bothered to change their listings on Yelp or Google below:

Address: 1550 W Horizon Ridge Pkwy, Henderson, NV 89012 
Phone:(702) 492-9998 
Hours: Monday hours 10:00 am-6:30 pm  -  See all
Monday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Tuesday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Wednesday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Thursday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Friday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Saturday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Sunday 12:00-5:00 pm 

Transit: Stephanie @ Horizon Ridge (N) 

This debacle makes me wonder about how well they handle all the other aspects of their business, I doubt that I will go back. Think I will stick with Village Meats as I have for the last 35 years; they're closed on Monday as well but it's been posted that way on Yelp and Google.
I no longer shop at Albertson's, Vons or (gasp) Walmart for my meaty needs. This butcher shop is the business! We have purchased tri-tip, filets, sausage, chicken and more from this shop and we have NEVER been disappointed in the quality of the product. Now if my boyfriend accidently burns it.....that's another issue ;)

They are a little bit pricey but you get what you pay for. If you want a filet that tastes like buuuuuu-tah then you have to shell out a little bit more. Also, I do love how they are so accommodating. If I need a certain thickness on my steak, they cut it. If I want fat trimmed off my tri-tip, they trim it off for me. If I want chicken breasts pounded out for chicken parm, they pound it out. You won't find that kind of service at Albertson's.
The BEST. We especially love the bacon wrapped filet mignon. 
We were hooked after one visit, and always feel like $ well-spent.
This place is ok. For sixty some odd dollars we got a pound (each) of salmon, ahi, ground beef, and like four sausages.

What this place can do without, in my opinion, is the little kiosks they have, with knives, and what not. They also have a pretty scary looking freezer...
I am so grateful to find this place!!! They recommended a cut of meat I normally don't buy, because its not as pricey. I love filet or New York... But here's the thing. The cut they suggested, was along the best steak I've ever had. And I've been to some of the best restaurants in Vegas..It shows me they care about their customer, not the amount they make...The shrimp I bought was equally as amazing. My gf is from MD and is very very picky on seafood... She loved the shrimp we bought..which is rare and a testament to the quality this store provides..I will be coming back again and again and again!!!!! Oh... And one more time after that.. ;)
I have been on a quest to make the perfect steak. I purchase a sous vide, I have read countless articles, and ruined plenty of good cuts of meat in my endeavor. I have gotten better, and thought I was getting close to the best steak I had tasted. But there was always something missing. It ends up, it was the meat.

I had been to a few butchers, and given the butcher-like guy at the grocery store more than his fair attempts, but nothing was all that impressive. I mostly just started ordering from Omaha Steak, which is a half-meassure at best.

Then I found Branded Meats! Oh what a difference the meat makes. On my first trip I went for the Prime cut filet, and New York Strip. Outstanding. The butcher, who I think owns the place, mentioned everything is wet aged. I asked about dry aging, and I got an earful about not being able to tell the difference. He guaranteed I wouldn't be able to tell, but then offered to special order for me to check myself. 

He seemed like he knew what he was talking about, so I went with what he had, and I don't regret it. The compliments on my steak have gone from, "that's like steakhouse quality" to "this is the best steak I've ever had, better than any steak house.". 

Along with my now regular pick-ups of steak, I have started adding other items. I picked up some chicken breasts and sweet Italian sausage. The chicken didn't turn out quite right, kinda dry. But I think that was more my fault. 

The sausage on the other hand...insane! The best sausage I have ever had, and I'm from Chicago. 

Prices are not cheap, but really only about 10% - 15% higher than the grocery butcher-like guy, and that stuff is pretty bad. Omaha Steak is more expensive, unless you get a couple deal. But I promise, Omaha is a joke compared to this stuff. 

If you're looking for a butcher in the area, I highly recommend visiting these guys. Be aware, they are closed on Monday, a fact I discovered in the worst way. But I didn't feel a need to cry about it like the other reviewer here. Really stupid reason to rate a place 1 star by the way. 

Anyway, check it out and you won't be disappointed. And hit me up if you want to come try a steak for yourself!
Love this place.  We have purchased many steaks, pork chops and chicken here all delicious; however warning no aged meat.
I'm kind of on a 'paleo-lite' diet right now, and that means I've been eating a lot more meat. And eating a lot more of it means I'm getting a lot pickier! Even the select stuff at Smith's isn't really cutting it anymore, but I had found that the organic grass-fed ribeyes at smith's are pretty good. They're a little pricier at ~$12/pound, but the real problem is that they're not always available. In order to find a better selection (and support a local business!), I ventured over to Branded. They definitely have a great selection of beef - prime, select, and choice - and a handful of seafood options on the day I was there. On the butcher's recommendation, I went for the select ribeye for (I think) ~$15/pound. It was excellent! My husband and I both loved the flavor, and I find that price reasonable for a good steak.
In addition, the seabass I got was really good, too, although definitely higher priced at $25/lb. 
My only complaint would be that their steaks are all grass-fed, but grain-finished. After trying it, though, I'm pretty sure I'll be back any time I want steak!
I really like the place, but am a newbie at buying meat from a high quality store.

I give this a 3 star because:

a. Service - Was not bad, informational and at same time a bit standoffish.  I never really felt welcome.

b. Choices - They had some great looking meats like Filet, Ribeye, Hamburgers and sausages.  

c.  My choice - I was looking for grass fed beef and they did not have any.  They mentioned that their beef was grass fed and then finished with grain.  I ordered a beef brisket and got 8 lbs for about 35.00.  They sealed the meat in vacuum packing as I asked to cut this in half. That was great service.

d.  The problem was:  The fat.  When you are cooking brisket, you cut out the extra fat. I was trimming so much off, that I kept it and weighed it all.  Nearly 3 lbs of fat  My 8 lb purchase was 5 lb and at 35.00 that is 7.00 per lb.  This was incredibly expensive in my book.  After cooking this, so much fat rose to the top of the juices.  I did not expect this much fat in a high quality place.

e.  I think it was - my choice. All the meat in their display looks great and lean. The brisket they took out from their walk in refrigerator and it was packaged.

I have check both Sprouts and Whole Foods and they sell both grass fed and Non GMO- no Hormone beef. Price was nearly the same, but with no fat hardly.

GK says, check this place out, but know what you want and be prepared as if you are a newbie like me, then you may have the same issues I have.
This is the "go to" place for top quality meats.  Go in on a Saturday and get some regular burger patties to cook on the grill that night.  They always cook up to perfection and they taste as good as the Burger Bar!  If you're celebration something special, step up to the prime cut NY Strip or bone-in Ribeye.  You will not believe you cooked a steak so good on your own grill at home.  It's as good as the Double Eagle but half the price.

Go in and check it out.  You'll find something you'll like.
Yesterday I was served Kobe hot dogs, chipotle jalepeno brats and cheddar cheese brats.  They were fabulous.  Turns out the place to get this great food is Branded Meats, only a hop and skip away from my home.  So today, I entered for the first time.

Branded Meats brings me back a bit to something seriously lacking in California and Nevada, the local butcher shop.  You enter into a no frills room with glass counters displaying cuts of meat that would make even the most premium palate drool in anticipation.  From brats, to filet, choice 1855 to Prime, Kobe hot dogs, duck breast and on weekends, fresh fish you can get almost anything here.  Lamb and veal as well.     There is also a wide selection of seasonings, spices and sauces. Pricing is as expected since they grind and cut the meats themselves but really reasonable all things considered.  I purchased a duck breast and 2 Kobe dogs for less than 18 dollars.  Will be back once I get my grill and set it up for some prime rib eye.  Pan or broil just wouldn't do it justice.

They have posters showing the different cuts of each animal and will custom fill orders by phone.  The owners/staff are super friendly and will provide information about where the meats come from and how they are prepared.  They will also cut the chops to fit your thickness preferences.

All in all, I was very impressed with Branded Meats!
So on recommendation from Eric i swung by here the other day and tried the breakfast sausage,the kobe dogs and a couple of new yorks. The breakfast sausage was excellent,cheese and bacon mixed in with ground pork. The kobe dogs also had a great flavor,would get them again. The new yorks were also good. The store itself is basic nothing fancy shmancy ,however i'm not there to consume the display cases so its ok :)  As a side note its right next door to that guy who does the commercials for anthem jewelers,went in asked him for something he didn't have it,in fact it looks basically like a pawn shop. as for the meat store "ill be back"(best arnold impersonation)
I am very happy with this market.  They give great attention to your needs and all the meats are FAR superior to anything you can get at other markets.  You do pay a bit more but it is well worth it.  I refuse to buy any meat at another place as the quality just isn't there when I buy from Albertson's.

You can't find better meat anywhere -
This review is for the store itself, I decided not to buy meat from them. The store itself was dark... The freezers were also dark which made it seem sketchy. The employee who happened to be working wasn't super friendly either. I didn't feel welcome. Their meat didn't look fresh and they didn't have a great selection when I went in. Maybe it was just an off day? But I will drive across town when I need go pick up meat from the butcher block.
I grill out every weekend and will only come here for my meat. Not only do they have a great selection but they will also bring in products that you request. I go here twice a month and have never had less than a 5 star experience.  Top quality meats at competitive prices that gives me a hometown feel (from Kentucky) in a big city. Thank you.  

I also get my fresh ground dog food from here and couldn't be happier.
First of all...I love the Roadrunner Farmer's Market on Saturdays....It  has introduced to so many fun, yummy local foods, Molly's Tamales being one of those.
Tamales are one of my favorite bits of Mexican fare, the almighty enchilada being number one, and I'm always on the hunt for the perfect tamale.  I think I may have found it!  I have only enjoyed their goodies via the market and have yet to visit their actual establishment.
So far I have had the southwest chicken, chicken & spinach and my new all time favorite.....wait for it!   The wild Alaskan salmon tamale!  Yes, I know you purists are probably shouting blasphemy, but seriously, it is insanely good!  I had one for breakfast this morning:  holy crap!!!!!   
Here are your marching orders:
1.  Find Molly's Tamales...
2.  Buy some tamales...
3.  Eat them and scream in mouth-gasmy bewilderment!

PS - A successful reheating is necessary, so wrap it in a wet paper towel and nuke for 1 minute for the goodness...
Molly had a stand at the Westgate farmers' market, and I tried one of her (full-size!) samples of red pork. It was very tasty and moist, if not as spicy as I would like. She did say that you can request that your dozen be made spicier. 

It was also really full of meat. She also said that she only uses really good cuts of meat, and no lard.

However, I passed on buying a dozen, as I thought $26 was a little high, and I wanted to try some more elsewhere.
From a propane range, served in a tent on the sidewalk of the Courthouse Square, I unwrapped from foil and wax paper a "golden ticket" .... actually a "golden" Green Corn Tamale. The last GC Tamale they had or i would have bought a dozen. then my Green Chile Chicken Burrito (Burro to those from AZ.) was practically perfect. I paid Molly's husband, sat in the grass and waited once again for the Mariachi band to appear.... but they never do ....?!? 
Real (good) Mexican Food- Yes
Service- traditional Matriarchal Business, she cooks, he keeps his mouth shut
Atmosphere- It's a tent...... but where you find the tent can be fun.
I know little about tamales, but the ones I had from Molly's stand at the Litchfield Park arts festival were delicious!  I had one with potatoes, cheese, carrots, and another vegetable whose name escapes me.  I also tried one with cactus that was yummy, as well.  I had thought that tamales were generally meat-based and am so glad to know that there are many healthier versions from Molly's.
Wow.  Talk about disappointed.  My wife and I have been loyal Molly's devotee's for years, but this weekend all that went to hell in a handbag.  

When in Prescott and when Molly's is in the square selling grub, we're there to buy it.  Never fail.  This weekend my wife stood in line and ordered 5 "burritos" - not tamales.  When they rang her up, it was a bit cheaper than she expected, so she asked if the price was right for five burritos.  The old man behind the register says, "yes", and hands her a bag of grub.  The bag felt a bit light, so she again asks, "these are burrito's, right?" and he answers, "Yes, burritos".  So, the wife gets into car and we drive away.  One minute later she tells me that they've given us tamales - not burritos.  So, we drive back willing to stand in line because we simply love Mollys' food.  

And here's when everything turns south. Upon addressing their "mix-up" with the old man behind the register, we are quickly told that the order was correct and they would not offer an exchange. Nor would they give us our money back.  Whatever happened to the old customer service mantra, "the customer is always right"?  Apparently the old man has never heard this before.  

Needless to say, my once uber-loyal spouse was not pleased.  Hence this post.  Sorry Molly's...you just lost a few loyal customers over a few burritos.
Wow, the 1 star below really surprises me!  Are you sure this was Molly and her husband selling these?  If it wasn't, why wouldn't you have called the store...I'm sure they would've been glad to exchange the order to make things right, because that is the kind of people they are.

Molly and her husband are two of the most wonderful people that you could ever have the pleasure of knowing.  They are family oriented and kind...not to mention, wonderful cooks!  

Molly prides herself in making her tamales with the best produce and meat cuts, with NO lard.  I haven't come across a tamale of hers that I haven't liked.  They are a bit "pricy" but goes the saying "you get what you pay for".  

If you want the best tamales in town (and possibly the best tamales you'll ever try) head on down to their store on 43rd and Olive, or try catching them at one of the local farmers markets, you will not be disappointed.
You have to love Molly's Tamales for their sheer creativity! A vegan tamale, YES please! And they have so many yummy choices for us veggies! Where else can you find a spicy salmon tamale? If you love tamales, you gotta try this place! Start a new tradition for the holidays!
Molly's Tamales is a modest little shop that sells wonderful Tamales...and that's not all, Chili Rellanos and Enchilladas are also available but for some reason, there is no menu  and the only thing on the wall menu behind the counter is Tamales.  Still I had two encilladas(cheese) and a tamale (chicken and cheese) .  I skipped the rice and beans....rice and beans is everywhere. What I did have was  wonderful. The other customers who were there swore that everything was delicious and I believe that whole heartedly.
My wife had a couple of  green chili tamales.  While my tamale was good, we enjoyed her's a touch more.
They also serve desert tamales, tamales for diabetics, tamales with cactus (napal) leaves.  As you can see, lots of different kinds of tamales and our food came fast.
There are four tables inside or you can get to-go service.
The place is run by two ladies who are personable, charming, friendly and happy.  
Molly exhibits pride in her store and in the quality of her food. "No lard or grease, we make our stuff with olive oil".  
You betcha' we'd eat there again........and we will.
Best tamales ever. Molly is really nice as well.
Good tamales to go, prices are alright, and I was a little frustrated they were out of some options on a Tuesday and actually told me they have been out since Saturday.  Why so long?  Sketchy area too, if you ask me.  Don't mess with the tattoo folks next door.
I stopped by Molly's stand in Mund's Park with my family and I could not have been more impressed with the tamales. The gentleman working that rainy morning was one of the friendliest people I came across in Arizona. While he tamales were being steamed he asked questions about my vacation a seemed genuinely interested. To top it off, the tamales were outstanding.
Tried one at a farmers market when we first moved here. Have to say size was good but lacked any good flavor. Nothing like we have in New Mexico I've even made em Better than that myself. Got some jalapeño jelly from other vendor there have to say it was awesomely good.
Dry n small tamales. I had high hopes because it seemed legit. Keep looking if you wsnt really good tamales.
I was very disappointed.  First, I never expected to receive frozen tamales from a takeout establishment.  Who wants to go home and heat up their lunch? Second, the tamales were small, extremely dry and had no flavor.  I'm so sad.  I expected better.
If you're like me, and live at the health club, you know how crucial it is to have a good "go to" cafe.  I happen to be on an extremely strict eating plan, so smoothies are a staple. Life Cafe makes the best smoothie in town. I opt for their proprietary "Fast Fuel Optimizer-Vanilla Lite," with peanut butter, banana, and water.  I'm not sure why most places have trouble getting the consistency right, but LC nails it every time. The wraps and sandwiches are fantastic, too. Kids will have no problem here, as they have everything from pizza to chicken nuggets to mac 'n cheese. I'm getting hungry. See ya!
If its here, it's healthy.  I love that the food is all natural.
Decent meat, great pepperettes
Great service from staff, meats are of a very high quality.  Always enjoy coming here.
This is my favourite place ever!!  EVER!!  

The food is amazing and fresh ALL the time.  You can get anything you ever wanted here.  My fav option are the sandwiches (smoked salmon) but you can also get the best packaged sushi that I have ever had in North America.  They have amazing fresh pasta, cheese, endless desserts and more!  I went at least once a day when I lived in Waterloo and go there every time that I go back to visit friends.  It's usually packed around dinner time and the weekends but it is SO SO worth the wait.

You will not be disappointed, I've introduced so many people to this place and they like me are so addicted!!!  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars :)
I live in Vancouver,  there isn't an Italian deli as good as this one.  A+ selection of cheeze, meats and everything Italian.
It's my second last day in Waterloo, and I realized I haven't had a chance to write about Vincenzo's just yet.  I went here today with a friend of mine to grab myself a sandwich. Usually, I go at odd hours, and never at lunch.  I did not realize how many people were there.  Vincenzo's is a little market with amazing fine foods.

I haven't had a chance to try the fresh foods at Vincenzo's, but I would definitely recommend the sandwiches.  I got myself a smoked salmon sandwich on a panini.  It was absolutely delicious.  A condiment that my friend always suggest is the pesto-mayo.

The desserts look amazing too - but I've never tried it before.  Will definitely have to come back again when I come back to visit!
I wish I found out about this place earlier! My main reason was going was for the macarons - 75 cents for one, pretty good price and beautiful looking.  But you get it served in a paper bag so presentation isn't too fancy lol.  The flavours seemed a bit funky though (rose, lilac, jasmine....?). I would have liked some more "typical" macaron flavours such as pistachio lol.  They had a total of 5 flavours available when I went during the evening.

I was also surprised by the dessert selection - SOOO much dessert, all looked amazing and they were quite affordable. (Maybe $2-4 on average for a small single serving). There are also a TON of cakes ranging from $12 for a really small one to upwards of $25 - for the money you pay for cakes elsewhere, this seems like a really good value because it looks soo much prettier than your average cake. =)

There's also a lot of food/groceries, but I didn't go there for that, so I'll just save that for another time. There was an unbelievable selection of various types of CHEESE and bread and meats.  I did get a small container of tuna pasta salad, which seems kind of pricey for the small container you get ($1.55 or so for 100 grams) but it actually does fill you up. 

The location has street parking and is in a nice area (uptown Waterloo) so definitely worth a visit. : ) Also easy to reach via GRT, and even walkable from campus on a nice day.
Vincenzo's was a shock to me. I went to my hometown for some family time and was taken to this fantastically stocked fine foods store. I am always on the hunt for specific items, my current obsession is Ligurian olive oil, a sometimes difficult to find item. Vincenzo's had three brands in a range of prices. Quite amazing. They have a large prepared foods and bakery area, with a sandwich bar I would recommend highly. I would dare to say that Vincenzo's is better than 98% of the fine foods stores in Toronto.
The BEST Sandwiches in Southern Ontario!!

I was introduced to Vincenzo's by a friend who took me here for a fresh deli sandwich and let me tell you, their sandwiches DO NOT disappoint.

Picture an Italian panini, with fresh brie, a generous serving of shaved roasted red pepper chicken, artichoke caponata, olive taponade, pesto mayo, fresh crunchy cucumbers, and ripe flavourful bruchetta.

These sandwiches are the best I have ever eaten! 

You get to choose your bread, meat, cheese, toppings and sauces. All of their ingredients are fresh as can be and full of flavour.

They have an impressive cheese selection, an impressive deli meat selection, they make a wide assortment of fresh foods like somasas, quiches, pastas, etc. They also sell all the standard things you'd expect to find in an Italian grocer like oils and vinegars, and crackers, fresh bread, pasta, and  sauces.

I don't think I can recommend this place highly enough. If you haven't checked this place out already, I recommend you get off your chair, and head over immediately!!

I have yet to find a place this good in Toronto, and am skeptical I'll be able to.

***TIP: All students take note, my friend and I use to share a single sandwich between the two of us, they are that large and it makes this gourmet sandwich VERY affordable on a student budget.***
They have macarons for 89 cents each! 
The size is quite small (about 4cm in diameter - yes I'm a math student), but they are imported from France and tasted just heavenly. 
I personally do not like macarons that are too sweet so theirs is just right for me. I also love the fact that they don't store them in a cooler (although that seems to be the "right" way to do it).
Other things they sell include a really wide selection of fine foods, European cookies and sweets, all kinds of cheeses, sandwiches, Asian grocery...I could easily walk out of that store with a $200 bill! I'm sure everyone can find something they like in there.
Now, this is a bit of a rant...but their cashiers are so not friendly. Very impatient people. I remember when they were at the old location on Union street it wasn't like this. What happened?
This place is WINNING!

Finally made it out to Vincenzo's and felt like a little kid in a candy store. I was seriously OOOHing and AHHing at everything. 

This place has so many products, an assortment of yummy treats and desserts (Macarons - YES!), and the sandwiches...OMG the sandwiches. They are the BEST sandwiches I've EVER HAD!

My husband and I were totting along our two little ones so we pretty much had to get in and get out, but believe me, with a place like that I could have easily spent the better part of my day there.  

There's just no way I can go to Waterloo without making a stop to Vincenzo's from here on out.
I first started frequenting this place back in 2002 when it was still located in Belmont Village. I only ever went to this place for their sandwiches, which they have become famous for in the KW area. Whenever asked about my favourite sandwich I would always refer to the variety of toppings that I could select from at this place. 

I was first introduced to artichoke caponata at Vincenzo's as a sandwich topping, and very quickly the artichoke caponata spread that they make so well has become a favourite spread not only for sandwiches but also for crackers or on top of slices of baguette. There is no other art-cap, as many refer to it, like Vincenzo's. For me, they also made pesto-mayo a sandwich "must-have". What a simple topping, but also what a flavourful combination. I've tried to replicate at home, but I just haven't gotten the proper consistency. To add a kick of spice to their sandwiches they also offer the Bomb. The bomb is a nice and spicy taponade that they serve as a sandwich spread. While I am not also up for the spice, when I am, this sure does the trick. Be careful though, its really spicy! 

When it comes to actual toppings, they have your typical sandwich toppings like lettuce, tomato, cucumber, green pepper, black olives, onions, pickles, hot peppers, and bruschetta, but to set themselves apart from many other sandwich places around town they offer fancier toppings (at an additional cost of 25 cents) which include but are not limited to, artichokes, sundried tomatoes, and roasted eggplant. When it comes to meats and cheeses, if you want it, they've got it. They provide a list of meats and cheeses to choose from, but they also have an expansive selections of meats and cheeses not on their board, that if you see at the deli counter you can request on your sandwich. While their sandwiches have gone up in price, they still sit around the $5 mark and are well worth the money!

This place does not only offer sandwiches though. They have a hot food counter, a salad bar, a desserts and pastries counter, as well as a sushi bar. The sushi is made in house and is not bad. 

This place is also a grocery store, which offers a wide variety of products that you will not find at your local supermarket. While the prices on some of grocery items are more than a local supermarket would offer, the quality you are receiving is reflected in the price. They have some fantastic fresh pasta which comes frozen and you order by the gram. They also have some fantastic breads to choose from in their bakery section. On your way out, if you are leaving through the back (where there is seating to eat your food) they also have a gelato counter and little cafe. They make great coffee here. 

There is nothing bad I can say about this place. Whenever I am in Waterloo I make it a must to stop here and either grab a quick sandwich or some other food selection. Beware, I am not the only one who likes this place, and it has become quite the hot spot in Waterloo, so make sure you give yourself some time when you go!
Excellent selection of European and local products. Sandwiches are very popular, great organic produce, exceptional deli selection. 

I buy all my meat from the Bauer Butcher inside Vincenzo's, locally sourced and incredibly flavorful.

They even carry the Dutch cookies I grew up on. I don't know what I'd do without Vincenzo's!
Located in the heart of Uptown Waterloo, Vincenzo's is a local favorite!  They have all sorts of high quality ingredients for making a delicious italian feast! I have been to a few different italian markets, but Vincenzo's has a much larger, more quality selection. You can also buy ready made food such as lasagna and meatballs, among other things, as well as made to order sandwiches. I had a smoked salmon sandwich (as another yelper had suggested) on panini bread with pesto, onions, cucumbers, and some green pepper. It tasted very fresh and delicious. They also have a cafe inside as well. Definitely go here if you are in town!
Vincenzo's is grocery store, sandwich place, bakery, and also a cafe. It's a good mix and performs well all around. I'm simply going to review a few of the services since there are many. I've had plenty of sandwiches and have had coffee there  about twice. If you're into coffee, they made a solid cappuccino but I would have a few more to really give a fair impression.

Grocery store/bakery:

Now when I say grocery store, this is not your typical supermarket. It's got tons of options, many fresh and many imported from Europe. If you're looking for a specific cheese, they'll probably have it. They even have Queso Fresco, which is a rarity (try it on Pizza). You need olives, there's an abundance of selection including fresh olives (low sodium), which is also rare. Same goes for bread, meat, fish, clams, shrimp (keeping in mind, we are inland),  spices, bottled/canned goods from Europe, and plenty of other things that I've omitted. The only section that doesn't have a ton of options is the fruits and vegetables but if you're really picky about this kind of thing best to go to a market. Also, before I forget, the fresh pasta and raviolis are excellent. Well worth getting fresh the stuff over the dry options IMO.

The store is incredibly well staffed. It's actually impressive how much staff works there. Also, the staff is quite knowledgeable and most seem to be foodies. If you have any questions, they can usually answer them with specific recommendations.  Unless you're waiting for a sandwich or pasta at a peak time (lunch), the service is very quick.

Now the only negative I have of Vincenzo's grocery shopping is because it's got such an awesome selection of delicious food, you might overspend a bit but at least you know you're getting quality and service. 

Sandwich counter: 

this is almost  a separate business from the grocery store since many people do come in just for lunch. It is very good. There is a great selection (just like the store) for everything you'd like to put in the sandwich starting with the bread and ending with toppings (Artichoke Caponata, Sun Dried Tomato Caponata, Bruschetta among others) . I find that you end up making your sandwich differently because of the choices, which makes it much less repetitive than going to subway. Also, the sandwiches are very well priced. I would highly recommend going here instead of Subway or other chains.

Pasta Counter (Thursdays only):

I haven't personally experienced the pasta but my friend really enjoyed the dish that was made for him. There is a selection of meat, shrimp or chicken, then sauces and vegetables, with some delicious sauces (pesto, tomato, cream-based, etc). This is cooked on a stove in front of you. Like the sandwiches, the pasta dishes are well priced. The only negative is that the line can be long for this counter, which will take a while so try to go with a friend to keep you company.

Hot counter:

There is also a hot counter, which I have yet to sample but it also looks quite good. I'll update once I try it out.
Is this a grocery store, sandwich deli, gelato shop, bakery or cafe? Yeah, Its all of them! 

This is not the type of grocery store you go to just to do a quick run down of your weekly shopping list. You come here to have fun, check out the products in the different sections, and aisles. This is the best buy of food stores. Its the kind of store that you throw on a crisp pair of jeans and fresh polo for. You feel all fancy because you are about to confront words like Ciabatta, Capers, Prosciutto; Of course I have very little idea what these things are. Okay, It was my first time here and I was just excited about all the different sauces, cheese, fish, desert etc...

As soon as you walk Into the store it smells like smoked meat; Damn delicious smoked meat! Its a little confusing at first, because in front you are tall shelves full of bread dips and more soy sauces then I cared to count.  Behind is a rack of biscottis and wafers. If you manage to get through these two aisles without having your hands full then you can head on to the sandwich counter to get yourself a delicious meal.

On your way to the sandwich counter you'll be welcomed by the smell of cheese, pasta with an overlay of bread! It is important to add Om nom nom  at this point in the review.

So once you get to the sandwich counter, you pick your cold cut, your bread, toppings and sauces. There is a decent amount of choice for each item and the sandwich is crunchy and delicious. They also have a hot serve section which was closed since it was past 7.

Grab your sandwich and head over to the cafe/gelato side and there are a few tables that you can enjoy your meal at.

Overall the store seemed reasonably priced and definitely an interesting place to shop.
Phenomenal sandwiches perfect for a quick lunch or dinner.
This is the one stop shopping experience for all epicureans. They have a little bit of everything here. Hundreds of cheeses, meats, olive oils, vinegars & hard to find ingredients for virtually all types and styles of cuisine.

Apart from the grocery angle there is also a butcher, small produce area, fish monger and sushi bar. 

They also serve food which includes custom made sandwiches, pizzas, daily specials, espresso and gelato. What's not to love?

Vincenzo's is now in it's third incarnation in Waterloo. It has moved to this location in the last couple of years and it is a nice improvement. I miss the charm of the last store, but the improvement in space allows for even more exotic goodies.

As always I look forward to my next adventure to Vincenzo's!
I have been grabbing meals from Vincenzo's hot counter for a couple of years now to serve small meetings and coworkers pulling extra long shifts. They are just as affordable as most burger joints, but their selection of great food and fabulous quality definitely set them apart, and they are a far healthier option, too!
As seen from the many reviews on this place, it is a gem for Waterloo.  It's quite rare to find a place that has high quality unique items from Europe in GTA suburbia ... let alone from the KW area!  This place feels like the UN consortium for food.  It has a bit of everything.  It has a deli, butcher, cheesemonger (is that even a word? if so, what a great word), savoury and sweet sauces and condiments, seafood, hot plate area, cafe, gelato (!!), groceries, and baked goods. I've been here for lunch a few times and I will say that their foods is not as good as the actual store area but it's still a delightful place for Waterloo.

I first came here for lunch and didn't expect a great little retail store as well.  I ordered a sandwich at first and to be fair, the menu sounded a lot better than the execution.  I had the smoked chicken sandwich on a calabrese bun with their 'famous' artichoke caponata and various veggies.  I think for the price, it is fair but it just wasn't as flavourful as it was described to me by the person behind the counter.  I was salivating at the idea of the artichoke caponata as she explained it to me as a beautiful savoury creamy blend of roasted nutty vegetable flavour.  To me, the spread was just a lightly flavoured mayo.

I also headed to baked good areas and grabbed my favourite baked treat... MACARONS!  These were very reasonably priced for minis.  It was less than $1 a piece.  I was thrilled... until I ate it.  The texture of these were far from meringue like and they were heavy like a brick butter cookie.  Upon discovering this, I asked if they were baked recently and found these were frozen in Europe and imported over and defrosted months later here... ugh. Save yourself the trouble and do not buy these!  I also got a tiramisu here and for $5 it was a bit pricey.  I would hope an Italian place would do tiramisu well but this was a disappoint as well.  It tasted only of sugary whip cream and not even marscapone cheese and espresso.  

The cheese area brought back me to delighted stage.  I found so many great cheeses including real imported GOP buffalo mozzarella.  With the price at $6, I found it very reasonable for authentic GOP.  I also bought some GOP aged balsamic vinegar and it was phenomenal.  For $10, I got a lovely syrupy sweet and acidic black liquid gold that is perfect for grilled chicken.

Service is personable, quick, and friendly!  Overall, the food counters are bit of a miss but the grocery area is wonderful!
The breads, prepared foods, and cheeses are definitely worth checking out. If you're hungry, they make very good sandwiches. Vincenzo's carries a lot of specialty items, but sometimes one can find the more common items much cheaper at a regular grocery store.
I am always really happy when I visit, they usually have random things like salmon roe and sanganaki cheese, or like 10 different kind of salts.

They have grass fed beef, but it's not always the freshest, really depends on your luck. But when they have a meat sale, then usually it's much fresher.
This place is amazing. Soo much to choose from. Love the hot sauce section. The cheese section is unreal. And they will let you try anything. Overall a really great store
Vincenzo's started out as a restaurant supply store, so it's amazing to see they've expanded into a larger location to serve the new (and growing) uptown Waterloo crowd. I love their fresh cheese and meats selection.  Along with their in-store baked breads, you can pick your own meat, cheese, and bun and they'll make it for you to go.  Best of all, I love their cold pasta salads, especially the one with olive oil, pesto, roasted tomatoes, and feta cheese.  Their dessert selection is also outstanding.  Whether you're looking for a specific ingredient for a dinner, or a quick bite to eat, Vincenzo's is a great treat!
Very food food. A excellent place for a quick bite. Service is excellent as usual.
I like to just walk around the store and look at all the cool food items (think black and white bow tie pasta). It's a lot of fun to spend a bit of money to try out some cool snacks or new cooking materials. 

My only complaint is that the desserts are too sweet. Some people might like it but I appreciate more subtle flavors.
I just visited today because we were looking for some sashimi grade salmon for homemade sashimi. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the fish and the fact that they carry wasabi to go with it.  The gelato I had was good but too sweet for my liking. 

For waterloo, this place is great considering there really isn't any competitors that offer the same selection of hard to find/exotic cooking ingredients. If you are from Toronto, this store is exactly the same concept/selection as Pusateri's but at a much more reasonable price point. 

The only complaint is that the store could be less crowded and had more navigation because i got lost walking around a few times. 

Bonus points for carrying gelato, macaroons, free samples and kefir!
The customer service has been really poor lately. From some checkout cashiers insisting on giving the receipt to others asking for receipt when you exit even with one bakery item to sloppily made "made to order" items, its just going downhill. It almost seems like they don't care about their customers.
Vincenzo's is the best grocery store in Waterloo.  It's not the kind of place where you can go and get everything you need, but it's the place to go if you need the highest quality foods, especially meats, fish, cheese, veggies, etc.  I've had sandwiches at the cafe a few times and they were also excellent.  Very tasty desserts too.
The best cheese/deli selection in Southern Ontario!!!

I have yet to find a better place that carry better selection of deli and cheese than Vincenzo's!!  Those famous grocery stores (Pusateri's, McEvan in Toronto) do not even come close!  

The reason I like this place so much is, i can always get a few slices of different things and the staff never give me a face!!!!!  Whereas in other places, 4 slices of this and 4 slices of that will probably get some insults immediately.

Too bad I don't live in Waterloo anymore so I can only come visit once in a while.....
Your taste buds will thank you, your wallet may not (but it's SO worth it!)
Amazing selection of fresh meat, cheeses, and a variety of desserts. If you're a fan of spices, they have everything that you're looking for! Specialty items that normal grocery stores don't carry because they are not in high demand... you know you will find them here :)

Very good selection of anything that you're looking for. They also have a cute cafe area where you can enjoy the food you've purchased along with a coffee, a nice dessert, or even gelato. I should also mention their sandwich bar is awesome. All this at a reasonable price. Why wouldn't anyone shop here?
A few underwhelming experiences of egg rolls that tasted like mushy wet newspaper, mucousy (not a word, but I'm going with it) soups, and disappointing dishes, have made me a little gun-shy of the Chinese restaurants in the K-W area. 

But China Garden was different. 

It's not much to look at inside, but the food is delicious - and *consistently* delicious. No matter what you order off the menu, you won't be disappointed. 

I'll confess that I'm not too adventurous when it comes to Chinese food, but I have tried everything that my (way more adventurous) partner orders and I love it all. China Garden is so good that I trust whatever they make will be tasty. 


If you've been disappointed with other K-W area Chinese (-Canadian) take-out, give China Garden a try.
This is my "go-to" lunch Chinese food restaurant.  The place isn't a fine dining restaurant, but is great for a quick meal.  Michael and David run the place and they are efficient even when it is busy.  There are 26 lunch specials and there is plenty of variety (I have tried most of them) for a reasonable price.  As a bonus, there is wireless internet next door at Williams and it works great in the restaurant.
You would think that in a town with a huge Asian student population that the Chinese food would be more superior?

We checked out China Garden after a gradution ceremony at Waterloo.  It was an odd time - 3pm (too late for lunch, too early for dinner) but we were starving from the 3 hour long ceremony.  

We ordered a 6-item set menu that included:

- house soup
- spicy tofu
- deep fried tofu pot with sea food
- beef and Chinese broccoli
- sweet and sour pork
- half a white chicken

And I believe the rice came with the set menu as they brought us out a family sized portion to share.  All in all, the food was decent but nothing outstanding.  And it did not come with dessert at the end, not even sliced oranges or fortune cookies for the White guys.  Humph.

Can't comment on pricing as someone else in the party took care of the bill.  

Service was a bit slow, even though the restaurant was empty.  The owners kids were running around playing tag.  My parents use to own a restaurant and if we did that, they would have chopped our legs off with a meat cleaver or given us the beats with a feather duster.  I didn't really mind the kids but just saying'.
YUM! This is my grandma's favorite Chinese restaurant to head out to. Unfortunately, it's a hole in the wall place so many people drive right by it. The food is delicious and comes out in a timely manner. My family and I tried the seafood tofu soup, my mom's favorite. Even she had to agree that the texture and silkiness of the soup was appealing. The portions and prices are agreeable as well. I definitely recommend the black bean beef chow fun for those who love chow fun. The beef is tender and cooked perfectly. In addition, the seafood chow mein is not short on real seafood. Using large, crunchy shrimps and lots of cuttlefish and vegetables, the dishes are healthy and very tasty. Even though I'm not from Canada, I know I will be returning whenever I visit again!
I got the dinner special with a spring roll, sweet and sour soup, chicken balls, and noodles. The service was great, he was friendly and helpful, recommending and suggesting, which I appreciated. The meal came to just over 11$. Everything was pretty good, but the chicken balls and the spring roll were my highlights. I wouldn't order the sweet and sour soup again (I'm not a soup person but wanted to try it), and I would order rice instead of the noodles. Food came out in under 5 minutes from walk in order. 
I would go there again.
This place is much better than the rest of the chinese restaurants around, but it is still sad compared to GTA of course. I come here pretty often.
Great food great service. Michael is the best
Rate this place 3.5. Good food and service.
Not very authentic. Or maybe because I'm not Chinese that I didn't get the real stuff, but it's typical Americanized Chinese takeout. And not very good at that. I ordered the house special with chicken and it didn't come with rice. Tasted like fried chicken in BBQ sauce.
This area doesn't have a plethora of great Chinese options but this is one of the better places even if its ambiance hasn't been great in the past.  They've recently made a very conscious effort to significantly improve the look of the place.  

Contrary to the view of another reviewer, the food is pretty authentic (you can judge by seeing the number of Chinese families eating there on Saturday mornings for dim sum) though I suppose it depends on what you order.  While I was born in the area, I travel to China often Dim sum is decent (I wouldn't say it's stellar by any stretch but again, relative to the other options in the area this is probably the best place for dimsum relative to value).
An honest Chinese restaurant serving probably the most authentic Chinese food in the KW area.  Saturday and Sunday mornings are very busy with  dim sum patrons, which is a great time to go and try various delicacies as the hustle and bustle and loud conversation is all part of the fun.  

We've been going here for years and it's definitely one of my family's go-to places.  I highly suggest Crystal Palace for your Chinese food cravings!
worst ever! the lady messed up my order and when i came to her for refund because i coldnt wait anymore she started shaking and barely gave me my $ back and accused me of eating it, as she gave me $ back she said you are not welcome here anymore' i was speechless so unprofessional!! do not go here , even when they dont receive good tip they dont even thank you , money hugry! god forgive them!
Good Chinese food, generous portions. They serve dim sum steamed to order all the time. They also offer a lunch buffet. I will be back!
Two, weekday buffet.

Since most of the asian restaurants in the area we were hoping to eat at (Watami, Hot Wheels Cafe) are closed Mondays, we ended up at Crystal Palace for its weekday lunch buffet.

For $7.95 lunch buffet, you can't go wrong. It's priced similarly to ordering a combo in the plaza near the University of Waterloo, yet buffet-style giving a choice in what and how much to eat. The hot tables were filled with all the usual: sesame chicken, fried rice, fried noodle, onion rings, chicken balls w/ sweet and sour sauce, chicken wings, various veggie dishes, etc. A cold area had tiramisu, jello, mussels, shrimp (not deshelled) and ice cream (that was frozen solid and hard to get out).

The quality of the food wasn't great, but for Westernized Chinese food in Waterloo (unless you drive to the far end of Kitchener), there aren't that many choices, and probably none other that have a buffet. Good deal for the price. Will have to return again to try the dimsum.
Decent dim sum. Good value. Service was very good. The pan fried dumplings were not the best. All other items were very good. Do not hesitate to go.
Been here for the weekend dimsum quite a few times. Most of the menu items are decent but not outstanding. Probably as good as it gets value-wise for dimsum in the KW-region.

IMO - stay away from the siu mai.
This is a brand new delicatessen who's grand opening was September 24th 2008.  Since I don't have a kitchen in my place, this re-heat one-stop shop near my neighborhood will be a place I plan to frequent via walking.  

They have a cute cook book lounge and the deli layout is fun to just paroose.  Their chocolate chip cookies taste home made.  So nice to still feel like you have some input in the cooking preparation process when you live with just a microwave.
I just finished my muffeleta sandwich from Dlicious Dishes and am trying to figure out a way to get back there as soon as possible to try more of the items! Workies and I ordered sandwiches to bring back from the office. They were D'LICIOUS! While there I also purchased some white truffle oil and 2 large wooden spoons. The place is filled with prepared foods that look amazing and priced well. There are also pastas and sauces and breads and all sorts of gourmet condiments. You need to check it out-- you can eat there or take it home. Either way, your tummy will be happy!
I have been wanting to try this place for awhile... and I finally got to!  The place is cool with lots of choices from sandwiches, soups, salads, etc.  To already prepared dishes that you can mix and match to make a great dinner with not much effort on your part.  We decided on the beef skewers with bell pepper and onions, for a side we chose green beans and twice baked potato.  It was very tasty!  I must say the meat was really chewy so i might not choose that particular main dish but I will definitely be back! Now if they only sold bottles of wine I would give them 5 stars:)
This place is very nice and has very good prepared food.  My family has tried the meatloaf and chicken and they both were good.  The twice baked potatoes are excellent.  My kids tell me the mac and cheese is too rich and not  cheesy enough.  The prices are very reasonable and the selection is fantastic.  I have been back a couple of times when time  was short and we didn't have any dinner  plans.  The help is  very friendly and you can try a sample  before you buy.  This  place is definitely on  our keeper list.
Awesome, fresh, home-cooked food. Mostly salads and sandwiches for lunch. Plenty of ready to heat/eat take-home dinner selections as well. Fantastic desserts from scratch. And a small, specialty grocery store to boot! 

Had the beef brisket on special for lunch. Perfectly cooked, served hot with swiss, mustard and red onion on a Kaiser roll. I liked it so much, they let me buy what was left in the kitchen to take home. Now that's service.

A lunch consisting of the daily special, a turkey wrap, two sides and two drinks and ran about $20 for two people. Maybe a bit on the pricey side, but the quality and service were worth it. For a neighborhood lunch/takeout dinner spot, this place is hard to beat.
A little Birdie told me I might be able to stuff my face here. Yeah the bird was right. 

It sits in a strip mall on the SE corner of 7th ave and Missouri. They have a few tables and chairs inside. It is a store and deli but they serve up some good eats. 

They have many healthy options here. My best friend cannot eat beef or pork. She like DD's because she can get chicken and turkey alternatives. Such as Turkey meat loaf, which I have to admit didn't sound good to me but I reluctantly tried it and it was good. I had this linguine with turkey sausage and peppers that was delish! 

They have a black eyed pea salad that is very good, & I didn't even like Black eyed peas before! Also try the gumbo wow is it good. 

You can go here and shop get lunch, cooking and baking supplies, even sign up for cooking lessons. Check it out great for lunch.
The service here was great.  The inside was nicely decorated, clean, and very cool on a very hot day.  They were closing early for July 4th in 45 minutes, but that didn't keep them from being extremely nice and helpful.  They had lots of different deli foods that were already prepared that looked great.  We ordered two italian cold cut sandwiches.  We had the option of chips or our choice of salad.  I got greek salad, and the fiance got pasta salad.  The sandwiches were tasty, but next time we'll try them on different bread.  The type of bread it came on was a bit too crusty for us, but the flavor was great.  Our meal came to about $17 total.

I look forward to going back.
Can you say Cherry Cobbler?  OMG I am a huge dessert freak and this is the very best Cherry Cobbler I have ever had.  Not too sweet, not too tart.  I literally licked the bowl.  I didn't even have ice cream on it.  I know they serve a lot of other things and those are also good but this cobbler was outstanding.  My husband picked up dinner there last nite and i remembered seeing a sign that they had cobbler so I asked him to get some too.  

Now do not eat it all because I will be coming back for more and I expect the fridge (I think that's where they keep it) to have a portion for me!
You don't have to cook fancy or complicated masterpieces - just good food from fresh ingredients.   Julia Child

Chef Tudie - Julia would be proud.... and I am damned honored to be able to serve your food in my own kitchen.  Everything we have had that your talented hands hath made has been exceptional!  

I love the fact that I no longer have to destroy my own kitchen to make a gumbo - why would I with a simmering pot of yours at my disposal almost every day?!  The truffle mac and cheese is simply to die for.  My husband - he who claims to be the utmost authority on crab cakes - uttered nothing but - ummm,  ummmm,  ummmmmm as he was devouring the Blue Crab Cakes that found their way onto his plate this evening.  And my children - God love 'em, but Mom is getting tired of making 2 dinners each night - adore your Cheese Stuffed Shells.  My 3 year old said it best "num num, all gone - Mommy - GET MORE!"....

Looking forward to introducing my work friends to this great "foodie haven" for lunch - can't wait until the Liquor License comes thru so we can enjoy some great wine to go with the wonderful cheese selection you now have. I love just browsing and shopping - always find something new that  I simply must have!  This is a great addition to the CenPho community!!
I've driven by this place numerous times and finally decided to stop in and see what the heck was going on in there.  I had heard they had food to go or something like that.  I discovered they had a few tables and I could eat in so I ordered the turkey meatloaf with side of mashed sweet potatoes and a side of garlic kale.  Faithful Companion had a salmon cake with a side of garlic kale and a side of butternut squash chunks.
The food was very fresh and well prepared.  All the veggies were al dente and seasoned just enough.  The two entrees were also very well done and neither left any oily residual on our plates.  And all of that for 12 bucks and change.. Wow.. I'm going back as soon as I get hungry again.. maybe tonight about 3AM!
Only had a chance to get some of their dry goods, so this does not reflect their sandos or salads.  That said, the owners couldn't have been nicer.  From chatting with me about how to use specialty ingredients in recipes, to telling me interesting tidbits like where the chilis in their jars of pickled chilis come from, it was clear that they liked what they were doing.  Seemed like a wide selection of sandwiches/salads, and there is an area where you can kick back and read some of the varied cookbooks from their personal collections.  Pretty cool.

Am looking forward to going back and trying menu items.

BTW - This shares the same location as Petit Fromage.
I really wish that I had gotten a larger size of the tortellini salad, it was super.  And the key lime dessert was ridiculously wonderful....mellow, not too tart but not too sweet.   I also wish that I had gotten the apricot pork tenderloin, it looked great.  My daughter did love her two cookies :-)  This is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!!!!
I've been in here like a million times to raid the counter at Petit Fromage, but I had never actually tried any of the offerings from D'Licious Dishes.  Finally, the husband and I had way too busy of a schedule to go out to eat or to even make dinner at home so I picked up a piece of sausage lasagna and some garlic mashed potatoes here.

Once I got home and reheated my food I nestled up on the couch to eat and watch Judge Judy.  I was not prepared for how delicious my food was going to be!  The garlic mashed potatoes were beyond perfect.  They were smooth and creamy but with some chunky pieces every now and then.  The garlic flavor was perfectly balanced.  You could definitely taste it, but you weren't tasting it hours later.  The lasagna was exceptional as well.  It was also really big for a really fair price, 7 bucks I think.  The noodles were a perfect al dente, the tomato sauce was fresh and robust, the ricotta was yummy, and the sausage had a great kick to it.  I have nothing bad to say about this place!  Plus, they share space with my new obsession, so how can I go wrong?
If you want good food fast this is it. Chef Tudie is a wonder... and a new cheese shop is there, great for the upcoming holidays. 
Tudie's crab cakes are the best!!!
The art is great too.
Truly a needed gem for this neighborhood!  Finally, a local gourmet purveyor that isn't a corporate chain. Upscale grocers with ready made foods were fine when we didn't have options, but why not support an independent business when the opportunity is available? The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, from triple cream cows milk cheese to garlic mashed potatoes; the food is glorious.  I recommend the truffle mac and cheese, it is ridiculously good, I am now hooked.  Thank you :)
Ok, it is true I was "just looking" and didn't actually eat the food - BUT - have decided that must be rectified asap.  D'licious Dishes is kind-of like the take out food section at AJ's, but healthier, more imaginative, and it looks better and fresher.  They have a good selection of soups and premade salads to choose from, along with some entrees and - best of all - some very unhealthy looking desserts that look amazing and worth every calorie and fat gram. 

Petite Fromage, the cheese shop, is inside the store, and they have some unique artisan cheeses that are worth a stop too.  

Staff at both counters chatted us up.  They're clearly proud of their store (stores?), love talking about their products and aren't shy about giving samples.
This time I did get the pork tenderloin....excellent!  I also got my mom a delicous salad and got a little coconut "taste-size" dessert.  Love this place!

And I have been told that they will make HcG diet meals and other special meals to order!  How cool of them!
After reading so many banging reviews I decided to hop in to DD's and give it a try. I was immediately impressed with the selection. Tons of fresh salads, sandwiches and mains. I was feeling to lazy to cook so I picked up the garlic mashed potatoes (FANTASTIC for garlic lovers), the grilled veggies (delicious). I also got the turkey meatloaf that while a little dry, had a wonderful flavor and consistency. Next time I may have to pick up some sauce for the top. Same can be said for the pork, it was a bit dry, but I had some mango chutney I threw on top and it was great. 

I can't wait to come back and try one of their many sandwiches, or soups, or lasagna, or eggplant parmesan, or chili relleno... You get the picture. 
Dinner for 2 for about 20 bucks and home made meals without the hassle of cooking. This place rocks.
I live five minutes from D'licious Dishes, and yet I only recently stopped by for dinner. Which makes me sad, because it means I've been missing out on outstanding food for almost a year. But luckily I know of D's greatness now.

For my first visit, I had a grilled vegetable wrap with a side of veggie slaw and a bigger side of the orzo-feta salad. I think I moaned, several times, while I ate it. The "eating-good-food" moans. (Note, I was alone.) I won't go into more detail, because it will just be redundant about how great the food is.

The service was great - the woman who helped me behind the counter was happy to answer any questions I had, as well as serve up any samples I wanted. I'm looking forward to my next meal at D'licious Dishes, because I know it will be - wait for it - delicious.
First off, let me apologize to D'Licious Dishes. I have lived right down the street from you, driven past you, checked you out, heard good things, but never pulled the trigger. My loss.   

I decided to check you out yesterday and was surprised at your vast array of yumminess. How could I not realize you were my soulmate when you have three of my favorite qualities: Wine, Meat and Sandwiches? 

On our first date yesterday, you treated me to a great bottle of Washingon State Merlot and two small pies.   I was thinking about you all night after that one. 

Round two was today. You filled me with your amazing daily special of a Cuban sandwich and a side of your orzo salad with feta. I must say that you gave me the best cuban sandwich I've ever had!  That puppy was done right with the pork slow roasted in Sofrito, and then shredded. I've actually never had pork in a sandwich that good, like, ever!  The bread was perfectly crusty, cheese just right and perfect amount of pickles. Seriously?   Where have you been all my life? 

D'licious Dishes, or DD, I think I love you. Youi'll be seeing more of me in the near future...pssssst just don't tell my wife
Great food!  Tried the mufaletta sandwich with ass'd italian cold cuts and an olive tapenade.  Like everything else, it was freshly made and made with care.  I generally don't like sandwiches much, but this one hit the spot.  Half of it filled me up so they wrapped the rest to take home, but the other half didn't even last until dinner. 

I couldn't imagine what they could do to make things better there...maybe start serving breakfast?

I have, however, come to the conclusion that the folks that work there are pure evil disguised in aprons.  How else could you explain the way they ever so sweetly point out the most delectable treats to tempt you?  "Have you seen how big our rice krispie treats are?"  "There's a pound of fruit in our cobblers if you want your kids to eat more fruit"  Oh, I'm on to you!
The caprese sandwich is to-die-for.
On top of the food being delicious, the customer service is very delightful, and the place has a really cool chill vibe.
Also - try their gumbo!
OMG DD! OMG! I'm eating my roast beef sandwich now, typing this review and pounding my hands on the table like Meg Ryan in When Harry Met Sally...moaning, groaning and achieving culinary orgasms. 

Now that's a pretty picture for ya!

House roasted roast beef with a blue cheese horseradish spread, red onion, tomato and my favorite green next to Brian Austin Green...arugula! All served on a yummy artisan roll. 

Such a cute place with a case FULL of delicious looking temptations from crab cakes to mashed sweet potatoes to chocolates and cheeses and VINO!! Great staff...friendly and helpful. Why I'm even a proud card carrying member of their sandwich club. And I'm sure it won't take me long to earn that free heavenly sandwich!

DD! Fyi...I will return to you asap!
I've been to the D'licious Dish twice in one month already, and both times with my mom/both parents. If you knew how picky my parents are when it comes to food, you would realize just how epic our visits have been.

The first time I went to the D'licious Dish was on accident. I was supposed to meet my Mom next door at the Two Hippies pizza place, but it was too crowded for her, so she decided to look in at the Dish. And thank goodness! She had the Caprese sandwich (mozzarella, basil?, and tomato, served warm and with a phenomenal dipping sauce) and I had the roasted veggie sandwich, which was packed with so many veggies, I had to take part of the meal home!

The best part about the Dish is that for the price, you get a huge meal. Not only are there tons of options for sandwiches, but you also can choose a 'side' with your sandwich. There are a ton of sides to choose from, from potato salad, egg salad, veggie salad, fruit salad... and those are just the ones my family/friends have tried!

The next time we went, I had the tuna sandwich, which was a little too salty for my taste unfortunately. Dad had the Tuna Melt sandwich on sourdough, and he couldn't stop raving about it. My friend had the roast beef sandwich, and he couldn't believe how much food we all got at such a reasonable price.

My favorite part of the Dish (and what bumps it up to 5 stars) is the vast selection of sweet treats they have. Again, the price is incredible for what you get. The cookies were (I believe) a dollar each, but they were big and very flavorful. My parents also tried some of the chocolate confections made by the San Francisco treat company (I'm getting the name wrong, but it's approx.) SO decadent--the 3 of us split the brownie and it was almost too much to finish!

The Dish is definitely a place my family will be going to a lot in the future! For the choices, price, and delicious array of chocolates and other goodies, I highly recommend the Dish!
Wow, I happened to find DD on Yelp last night while looking for some grub. I am sold on this place. They offer high quality heat and eat or ready to eat entree's, sides and deserts as well as wine and other beverages. The place is in a strip mall but it is much higher end inside than you would expect. The prices are reasonable and the food reheats easy, usually just a bit in the microwave, but they will gladly offer tips if you need them. They do have a few tables inside and you can order eat in, but mostly it is designed to take home or back to the office.

I am glad that there is a place like DD in Phoenix. Many others have tried but DD does it right with a huge variety of fresh items. I will be back.
Great, cheap, deli-plus. Wine selection was basic and a bit over-priced, but the cheeses and candy are stand-out.
I don't have a sweet tooth, however, I did one day when I pranced into this fabulous ...family owned and operated ...Deli?  I spotted a cute little coconut creme pie about 2 inches in radius and I thought...maybe just today.  

Then I tried their Portabello Stuffed Mushroom (LOVE IT!!!) and their Italian Chef Salad.

Barb....(the owner) you make the meanest Italian Chef Salad EVER! I'm so hooked.  If anyone is familiar with my postings, I've been searching high and low for a cobb salad here....forget the cobb. It's ALL about the Italian Chef now.  The salad was $10.50 but well worth it with all the meat that's piled on there. The coconut creme pie was $4 which is a bit pricey but it's delivered ...it's not made there. The Portabello was $4.95 i think...and that was WELL worth it.

D'licious Dishes...you've won my heart....one coconut creme pie at a time....
I was browsing Yelp to find a different lunch spot, and then I saw the word Muffelatta. I literally jumped up and ran out the door, anxious to try a New Orleans (and personal) favorite.
DD is a remarkably clean, friendly environment. The people there are wonderful. They have imported beer, wines, cheeses, pastries and sauces for sale in the place, but the reason I was there was for the deli counter.
The counter was stocked with delicious meals spread across 10 yards. I remember seeing chicken breast, eggplant lasagna, sausage lasagna, pork tenderloin, blackened fish, stuffed portabellos (man those look good), and many more items I can't remember. Anyway, about the muffelatta...
The bread and meats are fresh, and the olive loaf is homemade (from what I can tell.) The italian bread isn't covered with sesame seeds, as I'm used to, and the sandwich was more salty/savory than tart, as I'm accustomed to, however it was good. It wasn't quite authentic enough for my taste, but it was a very good sandwich. I really can't place my finger on the difference. Maybe needed more salami and less ham? Regular vinegar instead of balsamic? Anyway, if you want to try it and expect a good sandwich, you won't be disappointed.  I chose the Greek salad as my (complementary) side; garbanzos, cucumbers, Roma tomatoes, olives and feta. I really liked it. I also tasted the black eyed peas; it was okay. I think I made the better selection.

I also bought a pint of chicken and andouille gumbo. That's my specialty dish, so I have high expectations. Again, if you're serving Louisiana cuisine, I expect it to be Louisiana good! The chicken and sausage are both good and plentiful. For my taste, however, the broth was a little too tomato-ey. It's okra-based (vs making a roux, which would result in a darker soup) so there is a slight difference in personal preference between the two, but it was enjoyable nonetheless. It was authentic and I enjoyed it. 
The soup and sandwich cost $16; I could've gotten a smaller portion but I will have two meals out of it. Two can easily split the meal and have plenty of food.  Considering the quality and freshness, it's definitely worth the price.
Amazing, amazing, amazing. 
I knew I would love it the second I walked in, because the entire atmosphere of this establishment screams: "my owners and employees take care of me and care a lot about quality!!!"
The staff was friendly, and patient with me while I spent about 20 minutes deciding what to order for take out (everything, I mean EVERYTHING looked tasty!)
While this place isn't "cheap", I didn't regret a single penny because the portion sizes were generous, and I knew that what I was putting into my mouth had been thoughtfully prepared and was healthy and filling. 
I cannot rave about this place enough.. check it out!
Amazing cheese selection and fresh deli items.  Friendly staff will help you make selections, and offer useful advice about what's good that day.  They truly understand the importance of mustard.  Slightly pricey food, but top-notch quality.  It is possible to craft a lunch for under $8, but tricky.
It's really easy to write reviews about places like D'licious Dishes.  This was my second visit since Petite Fromage sadly closed.  This time, I was with my mother and wife.  We each ordered a sandwich and a side salad for about $7.00 per person.  Everything was really very good.  I honestly think I would have been satisfied with only half of the cuban sandwich that I ordered, but it was so good, I had to finish it right then and there.  My wife and I are moving into a house in the Medlock Historic District, directly behind D'licious Dishes, and we have decided to make this our standing Saturday lunch spot.  I was too full to indulge in their beautiful selection of sweets, but I will be sure to dive into that area on my next visit.
Worst Place Ever to Eat Chips were Stale and out dated meat smelled funny plenty of flies buzzn around
Very nice upscale deli counter.

My daughter had the Spaghetti with Marinara and added three meatballs.  She loved it.

They also had "free" chocolate-dipped strawberries and chocolate mini-cupcakes the day we were there, celebrating I think they said their 2-yr anniversary.  They were delish.

We will definitely return at some future date and spend some more money.
Yay! I'm so happy to see my neighborhood staple get the love it deserves! The food here is amazing! As an upscale deli counter, they have everything from deserts, to a cheese stand, to prepared foods to go. 

D'licious Dishes has partnered with several local companies to sell their brands : Berto's for ice cream; and their cold refrigerated section offers fresh and frozen dishes to keep for later (Truffle Macaroni and Cheese anyone?). Do try their soups (Gumbo is amazing); and check out their charchuterie (Locally made pepperoni - Wild Boar). 

Located at Missouri and Bethany Home, its definitely more of a neighborhood spot.

Also, its closed on Sundays- so stock up on Sat. for your Sunday dinner.
The selection and the food is awesome.  Great for our household with full time workers and full time students!  Their stuffed shells are by far my favorite and they are VERY reasonably priced.  Staff for the most part are very friendly, there is one kid there that just seems completely clueless - for example we called ahead to get an order put together, and he just gave the phone to someone else without saying anything to us on the phone...yea...really awkward moment.  But for the most part, we love it here.
My family and I still go here all the time, and it is still amazing. Now it's our fall back place if we can't decide what to eat, or if we're too lazy to cook something, or if we have guests and we want to take them to a "special" place.

Yes, this is the "special" place we bring guests to... because it's that amazing! Everyone can find something to eat here, from hardcore meat-eaters to die-hard vegans. Soooo good.

Basically, my update on this place is that it's so amazing, it's a continuous fall back place for my family and me to go to when we're in a pinch or when we can't agree on anything else. Yum!
Me and my Pops stopped by for lunch a couple of weeks ago. We actually came across it by accident due to me hitting a curb and blowing out my tire...stopping the first place I could and happening upon D'licious Dishes. Such a pleasant surprise. 

The inviting atmosphere of this upscale deli feels more like visiting someone's home kitchen. The turkey cranberry sandwich and chocolate chip cookie I had tasted equally homemade and yummy. As for the service, it was warm and welcoming.  

D'licious Dishes also has a great selection of cold grab and go entrees and sides for a fabulous "homemade" dinner when you're in a rush. I picked up some of their stuffed portabello mushrooms to serve as appetizers that night. Unfortunately, they were so good that I didn't get to try any. That's right, they were gobbeled up just minutes after they came out of the oven. Evidence that they too, must have been quite tasty. 

I will definitely be returning when I want a quality sandwich, when I'm too lazy to make a decent dinner, or when I want to bring something impressive to a party and just haven't had the time to cook it up myself (of course I'll take alllll the credit, sorry D'Licious Dishes!).

Oh and p.s. they have fantastic selection of vino and microbrews! Um, necessary!
I am a horrible person for not writing this review a month ago. I blame the holidays. 

I've gotten dinner for myself a few times at D'licious Dishes and each time the food has been superb. You can see the love that goes into the food. I've never seen a takeout place to equal this. 

D'licious Dishes did something amazing; They saved Thanksgiving for me! 

I had planned to host the family celebration this year since I have family in both Flagstaff and Tucson (hooray for being in the middle!). A few days prior to the holiday my sister found out that she had to work Thanksgiving evening. Now, when it comes to cooking for a crowd I'm more than a little insane about planning and timelines. This screwed everything up. 

Rather than spend the entire time cooking I opted for the lazy way out. I would order out, allowing me to spend some quality time with the family. Enter D'licious Dishes. 

The Thanksgiving menu was wonderful and reasonably priced. I ordered a half turkey breast, a pork tenderloin, garlic 'taters, sweet potatoes, kale, stuffing and gravy and those wonderful green beans. 

The staff is amazing. They walked me through my order and didn't bat an eye when I came back a few days later to add on a few items. The day before Thanksgiving the food was packed and ready to go, along with details on how best to cook everything. 

My family and I loved every dish. In all honesty it was one of the most relaxed and pleasant Thanksgiving days that I've ever had. 

I think that D'licious Dishes may become a Thanksgiving tradition for me. 

Thank you!
This place has the most AMAZING selection of cheeses. EVER. Boyfriend got me a tasting selection of about five different cheeses for my birthday last year and I was in heaven. Truly amazing variety and all were super yummy.
I really like this place. Every time I am in the staff is friendly and helpful. There is a nice variety of vegetarian fare. The food may seem pricey but the quality and freshness is there to justify it. Today I had the stuffed mushroom cap and greek salad both great. And for dessert (and all afternoon snacking) I have a chocolate truffel cake. YUMMY!!!
BEEF & BLEU! The 2nd most expensive sandwhich item they sale but the 1st place winner of sandwiches! 

Aside from the 2 ladies being the sweetest owners I have talked to...

Aside from the collection of cheeses that bring me back every time...

Aside from the friendly staff...

Aside from the meaty goodness of the sandwiches...

Aside from alllllllllll of that...this place is my new favorite place to eat lunch...(LGO is still veryyyy close to the top.)

NOTE: I just got hungry...i am going back.

R\_
If you like good food, nice people, and really good food then you have to goto DD's. I heart Double D's too and you will once you eat here. I had the Caprese with Salami and Orzo salad with a Dad's Orange Soda. Perfect.

They gots tons of salads and take home dishes. One huge cheese case and another for the desserts. They also have spices, wine, and beers. The best beers are the ones in the cans BTW

Apparently they will be opening a kiosk at the airport in a bit with some other local restaurants. Good food at the airport.
So good. The selection of amazing dishes is staggering. I can't recommend any dish over another because every single one I've had has been excellent. You can't get food this good for this price anywhere.
I love this place, especially because it's on my way home from the train. Good quality food (that I couldn't easily make myself) for perfectly reasonable prices. I don't buy meat at the grocery store so if I need an entree I can stop off and easily supplement my veggie/pasta basics with something unique and tasty. 

When I went in the staff was super friendly, even when I got a little indulgent and over-sampled. Yum yum!
Finally... FINALLY I managed to visit D'licious Dishes!  After years of traveling past it and telling myself, "I need to go in there," I managed to get my lazy butt there and give it a try.  And, oh boy, it lived up to what everyone has been saying.  The customer service was spectacular and the food just as amazing.

The first thing I saw when I entered was their dessert case. I was dying just looking at the scrumptious offerings.  I desperately wanted to get some goodies, but I was being good and was going to go the "as-healthy-as-I-can" route.  

I was greeted by the owner, I think, who asked me if this was my first time visiting.  When I said yes, she proceeded to explain what they offered, the pricing and the specials they had for the day.  I placed my order for the Turkey Pita, and while waiting for them to prepare it, I looked around the tiny store.  I starred longingly at the dishes in the display case, thinking about what I would want for my next visit. After a few minutes, the order was ready, I paid and I was on my way.  It initially seemed a little pricey for a sandwich, but the more I thought about it, I realized I pay almost the same thing for a sandwich at Paradise Bakery, but this sandwich was beyond comparison to those. It was made-to-order and made from love (I like to think, anyway)!  That's priceless, isn't it?!

I'm so glad I finally decided to check out D'licious Dishes.  I definitely won't be waiting for long before I come back to try more of their selections. And, the next time, I won't be so good -- I'm getting a dessert with my meal no matter what!
Great food, both hot and cold.  Excellent service, my lemonade cup stayed full and we were checked on at just the right interval!  Wonderful atmosphere.  Cozy tables for 2 are set among shelves of wine, spices and perusable cookbooks.

My bowl of delicious gumbo and generously sized warm rumsauced bread pudding was just over $12, so affordable also.

We'll be back!
Closing tomorrow 8-24 - forever.

Got this in the e-mail today"

Thank You!
 
To our loyal customers:  We wanted to thank you for your support over the years.  D'Licious Dishes has closed its doors for financial reasons. 

Tomorrow, August 24, from 10-4 we are blowing out any remaining inventory.  Wines and beer will be 25% off and all other retail, cheeses and prepared food items will be 50% off.

Please stop in and stock up on some real bargains.  We would appreciate it a lot.

D'licious Dishes
5345 N. 7th Avenue
Phoenix, Arizona 85013
dliciousdishes@live.com
I absolutely love this place!  The food was delicious and the service was excellent!  I have always complained at restaurants that I need a "pictorial menu".  Well, this is the place for that.  You can look at all of the selections before you try one and they offer samples readily and happily.  I will be back often!
One of the best lf Vegas. HUGE MENU! Everything is great. I have ate here many many times. The Waitress Gaye is the best ever I thnk she no longer works there. Unfortunately last time I went they quit serving alcohol which is a big dissappointment. They also have thai karaoke which is hilarious.. They still open till 4 am which is awesome as well. VERY VERY GOOD! its not lotus of siam but lotus is only good if u know what to order. Here it is easy to choose. The Chef is super cool and always remembers you.
The boat noodle soup entree and smoked pork appetizers are great. This place is great and worth a cab ride from the strip. Bring cash because the credit card minimum is $25.
Good joint! Great food! Crazy Karaoke! Service is ok. Won't say much with my experience there since I had watch and deal with drama. Lucky my Girl bought me a bottle of VSOP HENNESSY!!! but still got a buzz kill!!! Boooo!
So I was out late last night...ok real late lol and this one Chinese restaurant I used to like that was open late looks to be shut down ;/ So I decided to drive towards china town as restaurants there are mostly open late. On the way there I passed little Bangkok and noticed a few cars in the parking lot.
 
I went inside and was the only "Falang" there ;p  (Thai term for Westerner which is also there term for guava fruit because it was brought by Portuguese traders over 400 years ago) - yeah I looked it up ;p

There were many Thai people in there and even had karaoke going on which was cool. I was really hungry and asked for recommendations from the waiter. He directed me to the special northern sausage plate and then I wanted a soup as well so I ordered he shrimp coconut curry milk soup maybe a "Tom Kha Shrimp". I of course had to order the fish cakes, because what's an Asian meal without a good fishcake!

The fish cakes (4) came out and they were pretty good as far as fish cakes go, nice green onion and the usual squishy bite.. Love this stuff.

The "Special Northern Sausage" came out with 4 sausages with some cabbage, ginger, peanuts on the plate. It was a "rustic" sausage with chunks of meat and such, a little sweet and a little spice. All in all a good flavor and enjoyable.

The "Tom Kha Shrimp" was the best soup I had had in a while. It was a little spicy from the curry, sour probably from the fish sauce and lime. Yet it was creamy and sweet from the coconut milk, an all-around great combination and it was "off the hook" nommy!

I told the waitress that I enjoyed the food very much and the lady chef came out and asked how things were. I explained the fish cake was good but still a fish cake, the sausage was great and the soup was the best I have had in a good amount of time. She was very pleased.

They gave me a menu with a 15% off coupon for next time I come, and I will. I suggest you give it a try if you like Thai food or want to try something new.

Best Regards,
James aka Culinary Schmooze
Wow. Really bad. First off, I went in for takeout on a Friday night, and there was not a soul in the restaurant. I sat at the bar, because there was not so much as a hostess to greet me. Finally someone came out and I paid for my takeout, she then said it would be just a few minutes. It was 45 minutes I waited for nearly inedible food. 
45 minutes for takeout is inexcusable and for the food to be awful after that is atrocious. Don't go here.
We order from alot of restaurants in Chinatown.  Tonight was my last time.  I have orders w/ beef instead of the chicken I ordered.  No cashews in the cashew chicken.  This evening no sauces for the egg rolls or expensive tempura....they don't check the orders before sending them out.  I'm done.
The place was one of the open late restaurants not on the strip, so we decided to go. It was maybe 11:00pm, nothing too late. We had been craving thai food for a long time. We ordered everything seemed really nice, a little spicy, but I kept smelling the faint smell of urine coming from my dish. Enough to make me stop eating it. I am no expert on Thai food, so maybe that's normal. But I kept thinking I wonder if there really is urine in it... so yeah, I'm probably not going back.
For the normal white guy who goes into a thai place, odds are that i'm trying the Pad Thai first because thats how i start to like a new Thai joint. Sign says new owners and as per my recent dining experiences i had the place to myself about 9pm as i placed the takeout order of Chicken Pad Thai for about 9 bucks.  Personally i can't stand fish sauce and this version did not go that route,  but used a really mild sweet sauce which worked out perfect. The white meat chicken was plentiful and a large corner of the box had those crushed peanuts and green and white onions and bean sprouts were plentiful throughout. It was an excellent start and looking forward to trying the curry dishes. Plus its open til 4am if you need.
This always happens to me. I go back a second time to a place after a great first meal and disaster strikes. The Chicken Pad Thai looked good again and that's where the comparisons ended. This version tasted funny right off the bat and had a soup-like thing going on under all the noodles. There was also a distinct fish odor this time which wasn't present last time. The pieces of chicken were smaller again and they weren't really showing their presence in the dish. I had about eight forkfuls of this before I tossed the $9 away and took the loss. Maybe there is a reason that nobody is ever in the place when I get take-out. Time to move on again.
I went here for lunch this week. I read the reviews and was skeptical but I heard they had new owners. I had a great lunch. The place was very clean and the owner came over to the table and introduced herself which I thought was impressive. 
The lunch portion size was very generous for $6.99 and I like the fact they are open until 4am. 
Good luck to you and I will be bringing my family back for dinner.
This is now one of my favorite places to eat. The owner who is a really sweet lady came over, introduced herself and we talked a lot about all sorts of different things. The place was super clean and beautifully decorated. The bathrooms are really nice and even have hand lotion. The food was delicious and they have lunch specials which make it very affordable. I started talking to the owner about Yelp and she was telling me how the old reviews are from an old owner. She was so sweet  and said "look the place is spotless now". They also have karaoke but I haven't been there on karaoke nights. I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves thai and asian good.
Found this place about a year ago and we try to visit Little Bangkok anytime we're in Vegas. The food is excellent and AUTHENTIC! Great service and family friendly. I lived in Thailand for 14 yeas and this is the first and only Thai restaurant I've been to in the US that I can call authentic!
best thai restuarant in vegas !!!! the food just doesnt compare to others. they are simply the best of the best. they are a must stop before you go anywhere else !!!!!!! wow, their food is so delicious its krazy to believe how authentic their food is. i literally felt like i was in thai land !!!!!!!! lol you wont regret stopping in for a taste, trust me. perfect environment, relaxing, family oriented, best customer service in town. wow what an amazing place !!!!!!
This is my first  review.

This place is really good.
We were completely disappointed with our food. Flavorless, overpriced and measly portions of gristly proteins. We definitely won't be going back. Worst Thai food I've had in Vegas to date.
This is one of these rare finds, A traditional butcher selling excellent quality meat at a very reasonable price. Tasty chicken fillets (with no added water), lovely steak mince and pork loin. The Steak looked very appealing and well hung, will be trying this at the weekend. Word of warning they are Cash Only so make sure you take enough as you'll want to stock up!
This restaurant has style and the menu to suit but the atmosphere was lacking something with just made it feel a good place to eat and not a great place to eat, couldn't pin it down. The food was very good and a good wine selection, but not somewhere I would return too. 4-stars from me for quality of food and serive but I wouldn't be a retuning customer.
When you're halfway up Victoria St anyone with a sense of smell will become aware of the strong aroma of cheese, a bijou establishment called Iain Mellis is responsible. This is mecca for cheeselovers - or turophiles if you want to use the correct terminology.

Mellis's has won a number of prestigious foodie awards and supplies many of Edinburgh's best restaurants and hotels. It's easy to see why; there are countless varieties of excellent, quality farmhouse cheeses to choose from and something to suit all tastes, whether you're looking for something mild and creamy or strong and smelly. The staff are incredibly helpful and will let you sample before you buy, I could easily spend all day in here sampling everything! Given the high quality of the produce, the prices are also quite high, but the old cliché 'you get what you pay for' is very much applicable. 

If you're a cheese fan and haven't been to this shop yet, you are seriously missing out - plan a visit as a matter of urgency!
Cheese lovers rejoice!
As if Victoria Street didn't have enough shops to satisfy your taste buds, there's this amazing small cheese shop I love.
   Not only is it located on my favourite street but you can also sample their delicious cheeses as well. Although it's a bit pricey their quality is excellent and well worth for that special dinner party you may have in mind.(Or just to spoil yourself for the heck of it)

 The staff have always been extremely friendly and despite the shops small size it's crammed with countless cheeses, as well as organic nib bits to go with them, jams and organic chutneys. Keep your eyes peeled for the shops speciality of that day as well. 

 If you like cheese, just go!
You can smell I J Mellis before you see it, which used to be a grievance with me when I was younger. Now that I have grown up a bit and really appreciate fine produce, I have grown to love the aroma that wafts up from this shop on Victoria Street.

I J Mellis specialise in cheeses from Scotland, England and Ireland, and are great at showcasing the cheese that is produced practically  on our doorstep (not literally, of course - that would be weird!)

So even though I have never experienced someone stirring dairy produce outside my house in the morning, I have tasted some gorgeous cheese made in Arran, up north and in Ireland. The Ireland cheese in particular is scrumptious - it's billed as being salty, but I find it gives it flavour. They also sell Scottish outcakes, delicious milk and some deli appetisers.

It's pricier than going to the supermarket, but then you would expect that from a place with such quality foods. People certainly don't seem to mind paying extra either, since these cheeses are treats. Great for cooking but also for special occasions - some of the flavours in here would make for a very colourful cheese board indeed! I'd recommend trying the blue cheeses - I was a bit shy of them before I tried I J Mellis since they are typically potent, but some of the Scottish blues sold here give you a good introduction.

You could almost say I J Mellis reeks of quality, but to suggest that would be cheesy(!)
Oh. My. God. Not in an annoyng Janice-from-Friends sort of way, but I guarantee that those will be the first words out of your mouth once you've stepped in here and swallowed back your drool. And no, I'm not over-exaggerating!

I've never seen so many cheeses crammed into one tiny shop. There's a huge section of blue cheeses (but they're kept separately from all the others in case all you people who are allergic to penicillin were wondering), a huge section of local cheeses as well as another section of more exotic ones.

They are definitely pricey. Prices range from £20-£30 per kilo, so it's definitely not the sort of place you go to get your cheese on toast ingredients, but for a special occasion (or if you're just loaded) it's perfect. But the friendly service eases the pain on your purse - not only did the woman that served me know exactly what she was on about (I didn't know there were so many flavours you could get out of one tiny bite of cheese?!) but she also let me try a nibble of as many as I wanted.

If reincarnation exists, I want to be a mouse. Not that I saw any mice in here, just for the record, but if I were a mouse this is where I would try.
Does Edinburgh really need three branches of I.J. Mellis? If you've sampled the cheese they sell, you'll know the answer is YES. 

Established in 1993, this picturesque shop is the original I.J. and is located halfway down the charming Victoria Street in the Old Town. It's tiny compared to delis like Clark's and Valvona & Crolla but they manage to pack a lot of character and flavour into the space. On a weekend it's usually crammed with tourists ooohing and aaahing at the produce but in the week, its easy to walk in and pick up supplies for a last minute picnic.

On those rare occasions, my basket usually includes a campagne loaf, rustica olives, grilled artichokes, parma ham, Montgomery Cheddar, Ragstone goats cheese and some Mrs Kirkham Lancashire.
We love this cheese shop! It was a stop on the Eat Walk Edinburgh Walking Tour. At that time we sampled some of the best tasting cheeses either of us had eaten. The young man who guided us through our tasting was terrific! He has a passion for his job and it showed.We went back the next day for some more of the lovely local sheep cheese. Yes it might be expensive but we paired it with some bread, wine and fruit for a nice supper...our least expensive meal in the UK so far.
Victoria Street is a favorite as well. Drop into the DemiJohn shop for a unique taste of fruit infused vodkas, sherrys, oils and vinegars.
Wonderfully knowledgable cheesemonger. Try all the Scottish cheeses.
This review should probably just be the word "cheese" written over and over until it ceases to make sense. As that is what Mellis do, solely, and extremely well: cheese. Cheese, cheesy, cheese.

You'll smell this shop before you see it (cheeeeeesecheese), and on first walking in the smell is so much stronger than you had prepared for. (CHEESE!) Small, and cold, but the perfect temperature and setting for a massive table of cheese, with a small counter to pay, a small fridge for cooler cheese, and a few shelves for biscuits and oatcakes.

The shop assistants are happy to give guidance. I procured 3 cheese when I last visited. One by recommendation (Lanarkshire Blue), and two as a random picking of pot luck. The goats cheese was very mild (too mild for my tastes) but the Smoked Ardahag cheese was very unusual, very delicious (in a pongy sort of way) and everyone at the dinner party seemed to agree. (One person said it tasted like marmite, and in hindsight I can see what she meant).

So in conclusion, cheese cheese cheese. CHEESE!
This is the most incredible cheese shop I've ever seen. Lots of fresh selections of Scottish cheese. Loch Arthur Cheddar & Lanark Blue are the best. Warning: Use of these cheeses will create future cravings.
Simply the place to go for cheese in Edinburgh, decent range of local and foreign cheeses. Would have been 5 stars but each time I've gone in customer service a bit off-handish.
Excellent eco-friendly food market with fairly-traded, local, natural, seasonal and organic produce. Helpful staff too.
Highly recommended for all sorts of fresh produce as well as a good deli range. Lots of organic, fair trade and local goods, inclucing freshly foraged foodstuffs too! plus drinks, chocolates, sauces, preserves, fish, meat and veg - plenty of choice - and a nice range of quality cookbooks, to help with making upo a meal. An on site cafe for a bite to eat, home delivery service available, and great staff inc. one as a regular TV appearence! makes this one of the best food markets around.
I am definitely a foodie.  The main way to my heart is via my stomach.  A good meal does a great deal for me.  And for any meal, you will need great ingredients.  One option for this is Earthy Food Market, situated on Ratcliffe Terrace in Newington.  This is like a organic farmers' market, but situated in an actual building.

Earthy Foods are going against the grain of the supermarkets by trying to provide a comprehensive range of healthy, organic and locally-produced food and goods.  Wondering into the upstairs food area, your eyes will be drawn in by all the food on offer.  The knowledge that it hasn't travelled for thousands of miles to make it to the shop makes it that bit more appealing.  I particularly enjoyed perusing the meat section, but then I do love my meat!

Also on the premises is the 'yum' cafe, which provides a selection of Fairtrade and organic food and drink.  I really like what they are doing here - it's great to see a place like this trying to break the mould, and succeeding with the support of a number of customers from the local area.

I would love it if Earthy expanded into other premises across the city.  They've definitely got a good thing going on there!
This really is foodie heaven for both shopping to cook at home but also to eat in.

The vegetables and fruit are fresh as they come and it is this produce that makes the delicious soups, salads and sandwiches they have in the cafe. You can also peruse a selection of recipe books which will inspire you to get cooking with all the hundreds of tasty products on sale in the shop. Anywhere else I would say it was cynical marketing but having met the owners and many of the staff it's clear that they are just really passionate about good quality food and want you to enjoy it too. 

As well as food they also have a wide range of organic and natural toiletries and household products. 

Outside they have on sale plants and flowers that brighten up what would otherwise be some decking in a parking lot! So if it's nice enough to sit outside you should- it's great escapism from the city despite being next to a main road.
Foodie+Earthy=Happy

Actually I don't even really know what a "foodie" is, but apparently they would (and do) really like this place.

I actually can't believe I have never heard of Earthy before! It's a terrible name but a wonderful place. I only discovered it while Yelp scouting. It's not at all far from the centre of town and big too, so it's a surprise its not as well known. Basically Earthy is a garden centre crossed with an organic grocers crossed with a cafe (called Yum). It sells small plotted pants, hanging baskets and herbs, most of which are displayed outside. When you enter Foodie you find a small room to your left which is known as the "quiet room" where you can sit as long as you shut up. This room can also be booked for your own nefarious (quiet) purposes. Up a flight of nice wooden stairs you come to the main part of Earthy, a busy little market place style grocers selling all sorts of locally sourced fruit and veg, as well as Scottish dairy and meats. It's also a sort of delicatessen too!

As you might expect, Earthy can get  a bit pricey. Given its location its definitely marketed toward the eco-friendly middle class who can afford its organic produce, which unfortunately, remains a privilege.

Unsurprisingly this is also a great place to get your hands on high quality fair trade food like fairtraide fruit that has never touched the ground, 110% cocoa chocolate and coffee that has been specially sealed from creation to never witness sadness.

As mentioned above, Earthy also houses its own cafe "Yum at Earthy Food Market". Watch out for a separate review on that one (heads up: its good!).
If you love Edinburgh's weekly farmer's market, you'll equally love Earthy Foods and Goods. Especially if you're staying, or live, in South Side. Actually, if you live in South Side, it'd be a crime not to know of this place's existence. A lot of the produce you'll find at the farmer's market is available here. Even though this food store, market garden and cafe is just off a main road, visiting feels like a bit of escapism. You walk through a winding garden path, into the main building and up some steps to get to the shop. It's beautifully laid out space that also houses a deli and some seating. I brought my parents here for lunch a while ago and had some incredible pumpkin-filled ravioli with red and yellow baby tomatoes. The food is as fresh as it gets and full of flavour. I'd recommend going just for the experience of wandering through. It's a feast for the eyes.
I went there today to check out the shop..since the last time I was there they have now got a cafe. Had an absolutely gorgeous earl grey tea. Sat at a big wooden table and browsed the numerous cook books they have there.
Like my fellow Yelpers, I love my food and if you want to make a delicious masterpiece, then you really can't scrimp on the quality. Quality is top on the list at the Earthy Food Market and everything is fresh, and chemical free ensuring that as well as cooking up something tasty, it will also be healthy too. 

Unfortunately, being healthy comes at a price and the fruit and veg' here is a bit of a mark up on your Tesco's own range but it does taste 10 times better so something it's worth it, especially if you're cooking a special meal.

In addition to food they also stock cosmetics, soaps and other everyday items all organic, of course.
"You are now 20 steps away from Foodie Heaven." As the chalk board at the bottom of the stairs so cheekily but rightly claims (see the photo I uploaded) this place is Foodie Heaven with a capital F and H. And as a true-sworn foodie, I don't say that lightly.

The food here tastes like REAL food. You can taste every ingredient, all of which are top quality. Everything on offer sounds too tempting and it's all just sooo gooooood. It's also all organic, locally sourced, and therefore healthier, and all that other good, green stuff so it's basically top notch, good-for-you goodness. What more could you ask for?

I came here for brunch and opted for the bacon roll. Plain you might say, but I had plans to order more food later so this was saving room. The roll was beautifully soft, the bacon crispy and flavourful. My friend had a mix of all the veggies on offer that included roasted sweet potato, brocolli (which she claims was the best brocolli EVER), salad and cous cous. Not much more to say except DELICIOUS.

After two cups of tea and lots of chat later, we then ordered a home-made sausage roll to share. "Sausage roll" sadly immediately makes me think of Greggs and their greasy, fatty and tasteless offerings. But cast that image from your mind and replace it with a sausage roll the size of your face, oven baked and golden brown, stuffed full of real sausage meat, mustard, oregano and served with a side of chickpeas in a delicious red pesto dressing. The result was 5 minutes of near-silence and glazed eyes as my friends and I had lunch (brunch round 2 if you will) and long drawn out "oooohhhhmygod"s. Earthy, my tastebuds thank you.

I was actually sad I didn't have room for the: plum sponge, pecan pie, bacon and french toast with maple syrup, and porridge with apple and plum compote. I wanted it all.

I also spent a large majority of my time looking at all the amazing food, teas, and produce for sale in the shop. The deli cafe is up the stairs, at the back of the store so you (rather cleverly) need to walk past all the food in the shop to get to the cafe. They stock every type of organic brand, home-made, locally sourced Scottish produce you can think of, and there is a huge selection. Most organic or local-Scottish produce stores are quite small, but Earthy is really quite huge, the staff are all really friendly and know what they're talking about from the range of cheeses to the pickles and jams.

This is probably too long-winded a review but Earthy deserves these extra pixels. Earthy is now my favourite place for Sunday brunch, Wednesday lunch, anytime coffee and cake. FACT.
I'm knocking down the stars by two wholly because of the customer service. The food here is exceptional, without a doubt, and wonderful for coffee and cake time, brunch time, lunch time. But would service with a smile really kill them?

It's pricey, and slightly out of the way, so is always a 'treat' to come here. The past three times I've come, two seperate members of staff have given me the stare of "why are you disturbing me from cooking?" when I've asked to place an order, and literally haven't smiled once in the whole ordering, delivery, and paying process. The first time I let it go, but it's becoming consistent enough now to actually put me off going. It really did make my almond croissant taste a little more bitter.
Since my previous review, Earthy have in fact been in touch to apologise for the slightly off-service I've experienced. I have to say this level of customer service and focus on feedback definitely warms me to them again. 

The food has always been great, the only thing I was a bit put-off by was unfriendly service but since that has now been actively remedied I am once again a full-on Earthy fan. I haven't actually been back since they've been in touch, but I will update again for my return visit.

Other cafes take note, this is how to keep customers coming back!
And I'm back on board! I've written a few reviews of Earthy and always been glowing in my praise of the food. At times I found certain staff to be a little cold, and had one or two bad occasions. Especially when the girl actually forgot my order directly after taking it, despite that I was the only customer. Um, anyway. Also, they could do with making it warmer (somehow) inside as I've had to eat my soup with coat and scarf still on a few times.

Buuuuttt butbutbut I really just can't get past how great the food is. Seriously. I have been out of action recently with a sore leg and haven't been able to walk longer than 2 minutes at a time. But when a friend came for lunch I walked to Earthy, despite the injury and subsequent pain. It's that good.

The menu changes daily, as do the sandwich and salad options. But I always go for the salad platter. How do they get the aubergines so soft? And the sweet potato so...amazing? It's just the wonderful combination of fresh vegetables, organically grown, with little touches like Nigella seeds or pumpkin and walnut flourishes to make the salad really memorable. And I could eat a whole vat of the chickpeas.

But the still-warm icing on the cake was, in fact, the maramalde cake. Despite being full from my salad platter I gave into temptation and had the first slice of a freshly baked maramalde cake. And good lord that slice was big. Door stop big. And good lord that cake was good. I originally cut it in half to take half home for later, but then ate it all. Perfect with a cup of the Artisan coffee too.

Ok I'm going on and on. But as far as cake experiences go, it was the best one I've had in 2011 so far. Seriously. I get so disappointed when I go out for cake and tea and it's a non-descript affair that could be duplicated anywhere. Not at Earthy. This is a one-off gem that I would gladly limp to time and time again. I am in food-love.
This is the sort of place I would like to love but there's something I can't quite connect with.

Great stock of organic food, nice atmosphere, cafe if you want it, friendly staff ... maybe it's the prices that put me off???
Nice, environmentally friendly, cafe, market, food establishment.  Can be a little on the pricey side, but good quality.
Jeez louise, I'd definitely left a visit to Earthy too long. Last time I was here the café was upstairs, and downstairs had some seating with sofas and the like.

That must have been at least a year ago. No idea why, since it's definitely one of my favourite cafés in the area and the food is just a cut above the rest. But since then, the downstairs now has the café complete with lots more seating. If it was wonderful already, it's simply spectacular now.

Apart from the actual lay out, nothing has changed since my previous review: in a nutshell, that the food is just out-of-this-world good. A vegetarian, or even raw foodies, heaven there are so many fresh veggie dishes that have been made with the freshest, most locally farmed veg. You can really taste the difference (sorry Sainbury's, yours is just smoke and mirrors). Then there's the quiches. And the sandwiches. It's hard to put into words just how *good* the food is, or how different it is to other café fare. It just *is*.

Admittedlly, that top notch quality comes with a top notch price tag. I wouldn't be able to come here daily for my lunch. It's definitely a special treat. But trust me, it's worth it.

Upstairs they have their food market too which is just fantastic. Also pricey, but a mecca of all things delicious and foodie. "Foodie heaven" it used to say on the wall, and couldn't be closer to the truth. Fresh fruit and veg, meat, pickles, desserts, chocolate, snacks, all sorts of ingredients for cooking, alcohol, fresh cheese. All too good.

So now I've been back after my year-long delay, and seen the much comfier café downstairs, I really don't have an excuse not to go back...a lot. Yey!
I like Earthy... more than I would like to admit.  
I like that they have locally grown fruit and veg, tasty breads, cool flours, and loads of other funky things (like whole tubes of black pudding!) that I like to buy.  It also has a parking lot which is ironic, but very convenient.  They also have a good selection of local and organic beers and wines which always catch my eye when we pass.  

I absolutely indulge my inner hippy here and The Man and I had a giggle last time we were here because we were wellied out and on our way to bag up horse manure for the garden.  

I also got excited about being able to refill my Ecover here.  Ecover is expensive but doesn't wreck my skin like Fairy does, so we buy it.  I was keen on the idea of refilling our bottle for cheaper than it costs to buy a new one, except.... except that it's more expensive to refill your bottle at Earthy than it is to buy a new one at Tesco.  How does that work?  

Stars also lost because about 1/3 of the onions we bought there had to be thrown out due to being pretty badly rotted.  I realise they're all natural and organic but if you're going to pay that much for onions, you really don't want to throw a bunch of them out.

So I like Earthy and, if for no other reason, I'll totally keep coming here to buy lots of Stornoway black pudding, tasty breads, tasty flours, etc.  I'll stick to Tesco for my Ecover and onions, though.
It was difficult to review this place, but I shall conclude prior to actually explaining why, by saying my experience here was rather mediocre.

Earthy food market is very close to my flat in Causewayside, and I was surprised to find it (in a positive way). I love cafes/shops which serve ethical, delicious food. On first appearances, it reminded me of wholefoods market. What seems to have once been a garage is now rustic inside, the ground floor being the premises for the cafe, the upstairs an upmarket grocery store. 

I have been up to the shop upstairs on various occasions. The vegetable selection looks incredible, with plenty of delicious looking organic veggies on offer. The price tag is quite shocking though. I was tempted by the reduced miso paste, which cost £3.90 reduced from around £5. Good thing I didn't buy it. I found it at full price at the new leaf health food shop the next day, for £2.99. The tofu here is also overly priced, as are just about all the products available. The only slightly cheaper thing I have found here are the lazy day vegan/gluten free tiffin and millionaire's shortbread, which are 30p cheaper than those found in Henderson's and Real foods. The fresh bakery products do look very impressive, and I would definitely try them if I could eat gluten. It's sad, as the shop has quite a bit of potential, I just feel that it loses it by exciting people with luxury range goods in a rustic setting and overcharging for them. In case you haven't noticed by my other reviews, I am quite conscious of sneaky marketing techniques. This place screams "spend money here if you care about the environment and have class". 

Today I tried out the cafe downstairs for the first time, but just for a coffee. The food on display looked very good, plenty of interesting salads with lots of Mediterranean and middle eastern flavours such as feta, marinated aubergines and fennel, but the prices were not that honest. The cakes looked good likewise, but the prices were unjustified. I guess the only justification is that people will spend money there, as many people think expensive equates to good quality, which I don't think is true. I ordered a soya cappuccino. It was £2.75... I pay £2.20 in Brew lab, which was pricy in itself, but more akin to standard British prices. The coffee arrived, it was pretty with coffee art on top, which one would expect from a place like this. It was nice enough, a bit strong, and a bit on the large size. No complaints really except for the price. The staff were friendly, the options numerous but really nothing really to write home about. I don't think I'll bother returning to the cafe, though I will use earthy as my lazy days supplier.
Not only do they do a fantastic selection of locally grown produce, fresh baked goods, plants, holistic household items, and gardening supplies, they have meat and game for sale and recently installed a butcher upstairs and have extended the café downstairs.Wholesome salads, quiches, interesting sandwiches and an array of teas and coffees make this a café/shop worth the trip out to EH9. 
We sat outside in the sunshine enjoying a fantastic platter of marinated lamb, cheeses, Baba Ganoush, Hummous, Salads, peas and new potatoes. It came with freshly baked flatbreads and crispy crackers too. Even though we consumed large amounts of food I still felt rather virtuous and healthy as it was all so fresh and tasty. Our friend had a Beetroot and Goats cheese tart which was also amazing and very reasonable at £7.95. The platter retails at £12.95 and was more than enough for two. 
Despite the extensive and fantastic cake selection we opted for strawberries and fresh cream with a brownie on the side of course! The brownie was perfectly gooey and lovely, yum.
All in all a wonderful lunch and a great shop! Earthy watch out - when I move to Newington next week you will be sick of the sight of me!
Had a lovely flat white and bacon roll here this morning.

Service was really friendly too.

I went into the new back yard where they have lots of plants, most which are perennials, which is fantastic as you tend to get your monies worth!   Really good range of plants and some of which I've not seen before too. Do go& have a peak, even if you haven't got a garden.

Bacon roll was good. Nice roll, tasty bacon too, BUT hold on, there was more bacon needed for the size of the roll and the £3.50 I paid.

Coffee was Matthew Algie. It was nice, strong and my usual choice of flat white!
I'm done with Earthy!! and that's a shame, I want to like it, cos the food is tasty and the parking is a dream, but it's a rip-off, the portions do vary, but again today it was a joke!. almost £10.00 for quiche and THe tiniest salad on the planet! I paid an extra £1.00 to change the coleslaw it came with for something else, (ermm why?) anyway I opted for  pasta and grilled courgette, and there was one  slice of courgette, ONE .!? It also came with baby spinach leaves, I thought they had forgotten to put this on, but no..the 6 little leaves were hiding under the weeny pile of pasta.. It's also freezing cold, and really rather unfriendly.. so that's it I'm done, life is too short to be disappointed by a  courgette!
Brilliant place. Love the layout. I've been going for years. One can have a wee meal whilst shopping. An believe me it is so easy to stop shopping and tuck into the food on offer. Especially after seeing it on shelves and coolers. I then want a meal made with all the ingredients on sale. The staff are devine and helpful and most of all give me space to just look and browse. All the wood and lovely smells make it a lovely place to walk around in. Such a variety of prices, so even when I only have a bob or two I can still indulge. Thankyou Earthy!!!
Earthy seems to be the perfect blend of healthy, hip, cool, laid back, socially conscious eating and shopping.  They have 3 locations; been to 2: Cannonmills and Causewayside (other is in Portobello).  The Cannonmills site is closer and  has a small but well stocked shop of fresh organic fruit and veg, packaged good and my favourite new food of the year - IQ Chocolate (made in Stirling).   It also has a casual dining area with amazing salads and lovely brunch.  

I have only just discovered Earthy Causewayside and it is an absolute treasure!!  Its a bit out of the way (for me) but that means they were able to get a bigger building with parking and outside space.  The downstairs is the cafe but this is counter service only - and no evenings.  The salads are varied, healthy, delicious and inspiring - I would love to recreate the sweet potato salad at home!  And I had the creamiest richest Chai latte (for some reason they add a shot of coffee - but they warn you of this and can request it to be coffee free - which I do).  The whole upstairs is the shop.  It is a joy to wander around - with beautifully presented  fruit and veg, a great selection of organic packaged goods - many of which are locally produced (such as the aforementioned IQ chocolate...).  

The most amazing part has to be the outdoor eating in the rear - only open in the summer.  It appears that when they took over the building the yard was a dumping ground.  Well instead of sending it all to the skip - it has been recycled and reinvented into tables, seating areas, planting vessels - you name it - they created it!  The seating has been divided into private little havens - which can be reserved!!  All in all a visit to Earthy Causewayside is a little adventure - discovering quirky spaces and delectable treats to eat in and take away.
Peckham & Rye is one of those stores you imagine Yah's in their BMW X5's come to do their shopping. In fact there is always quite a few in there, rah rah and yah yahing around the place. 

The shop stocks the more upmarket brands which you commonly don't find in the supermarkets. The kind of food you would find in Harvey Nicks food hall. They do a good selection of breads which are fresh and taste good. There is also a good selection of sandwiches, panninis, salads and soup to take away. The deli counter has very tasty looking lasagna and pasta dishes which I guess are for the more lazy among us. I imagine these Yah's don't have time to cook so Peckhams is the place to go. There is a good selection of cakes, the cupcakes were very elaborate and I did drool over them a little. Unfortunately I don't think my figure would benefit if I gave into the cake counter here. There is a huge alcohol selection too so its a great one stop shop for a dinner party where you can fill your basket with fancy foods, cakes and booze.

 Also, its well priced too, nothing feels too overpriced so it is actually good value for money.
Peckhams bills itself as a Vintners, Victuallers and Restaurateur - I'll save you the trouble of looking up the first two words, they mean 'wine merchant' and 'supplier of food' and this pretty much sums up what they do; however, the words don't perhaps portray the fact that they sell bloody good food and bloody good wine. The deli counter at this branch in Bruntsfield is full of tasty tidbits like good quality salami and damn fine cheesecake. They also sell prepacked sandwiches (far superior to anything you could get from the Subway a few doors down) and homemade soup that's delicious and filling. Until the recent changes in Scottish licensing law, they somehow managed to sell booze long after every other offy had closed (perhaps something to do with the restaurant downstairs?). Unfortunately the Scottish Government have put a stop to this, they still sell great wine and interesting spirits and beers, but only until 10pm these days. Meh.
Peckham's is the sort of 'shop' where it's totally acceptable to buy a £250 bottle of wine with your freshly made (yet somewhat stale) bread. It is considered to be a high-end supermarket (sortof) and sells itself as serving high-quality and fine-food. Yes, it does sell high-end products - as a student I was always in the ready-meal section and there are no Asda-Price bargains here - but to be honest, it's a rip off. Yes the things they sell are selective and fancy, but taste just as good as similar things you'll get in the corner shop opposite. The ready-made meals are good, but again are on a par with those you'll find in Tesco, a mere 2 minute walk away from this Bruntsfield branch. 
My ex-flatmate used to go down and buy cakes once a week as an indulgence, but after the first few bites would find them too rich and donate to us (thanks Rach!). They have an extensive alcohol section which is alluring, but only to those who appreciate it - aka not me. 
Yes they have nice things and yes their cheeses and cakes look yummy, but is it all really necessary? It's not a bad shop - far from it, it's just a bit pretentious. On those grounds, therefore, it has quite a large market in Edinburgh (ha!) with all the yah's. 
The only time I would frequent Peckham's would have been late at night (it's open till midnight) to buy my dinner -  as a student I'm not the best in the kitchen. Yes the staff are friendly and there is a nice atmosphere, but there is something quite resentful about Peckham's which I can't quite place. The restaurant downstairs is nice......bit dull, but nice. pleasant really. To be totally honest I have been entirely unaffected by Peckham's , which tells me it's not somewhere I will venture to in a  hurry!
I actually came here in a last attempt of desperation to find some good Greek ouzo for the clean Monday event (think a Greek version of shrove Tuesday but with lots of food and ouzo to start lent).

 Edinburgh is filled with Greeks and every year ouzo stock drops to an all time low. Especially now that Wine shops closed down, other than the crappy stuff sold at Lidl fit more for a toilet rather than to drink, Peckhams is the only place I can find it. The other Peckhams had run out (and even suggested I buy some Italian stuff instead) but I headed here and luckily they had stocked a few extra- phew! 

Note to possible Peckhams managers reading this: stock up around clean Monday- you overcharge Ouzo as it is, might as well have it for the Greeks here when demands are high!
I love food, so much so that most of my money goes on tasty treats and all I ever have to show for my hard earned cash is a bigger dress size. My relationship with Peckham's is bittersweet. On the one hand I love their freshly prepared salads, meals and deli selection but on the other hand  always feel mad at myself when I leave here with a bag of goodies in tow, realising that I probably should be paying my phone bill with the money I've just spent. Oh well... it tasted good at the time.

The food here is to die for and everything is so fresh and crisp. If you're having a dinner party or just feel like cooking a nice meal then you can't do better than coming to Peckham's to stock up on treats.

5 stars any day of the week!
On the one hand, I would say that I'm lucky that my work is just up the street from Peckham's and I could get lunch here every day of the week if I wanted (or was paid enough).  On the other hand, I'm inherently lazy these days and don't usually leave work to get food, instead opting for canteen grub.  
But, when I do get off my lazy bum and come here for a bite, I do enjoy the possibilities.  They're well stocked for local professionals with sandwiches, tubs of salads, soup, crisps, etc.    

In addition to lunch food this is a nice wee deli to get cold cuts, pastas, cakes, and various dried goods which can be hard to find in other places.

But I wouldn't be me if I didn't mention the impressively stocked room of booze.  They have beers from all over, including North America which of course always brings a smile to my face (even if the imports tend to be the ones I don't like!).  For a while they even had my brother's favourite gin in stock, which was absolutely impossible to find anywhere else in Edinburgh.
Sourcing nearly everything from France: Henris French food and wines can at least lay claim to some of the most authentic French deli produce available in the Morningside area of Edinburgh.  Having arrived there quite late in the day the freshly baked bread was scarcely available from the wicker baskets, but alas the cheeses where there for me to try! Sampling the Rogallais Montagne (a creamy and rich beast of a cheese) and taking more than my fair share of the Counta (a type of hard cheese with a fine lasting taste) I was pleasantly surprised (I usually associate French cheeses with the smelly, gooey texture of a Camembert). They stock a sizeable selection of wines too of which I spotted a pretty cheap Chablis on offer. Specialist deli's are not the cheapest, and neither is this one, but as cheeses develop flavour with age its just a matter of time before your penny stack rises and you can purchase some of Henri's produce.
Henri's French Food and Wines is an expensive delicatessen in Morningside which (obviously) specialises in sourcing only French produce.  The shop front looks inviting and the owner is pleasant and offers all the advise she can about the various cheeses, biscuits, wines, cold meats olives which are on offer.  
I know next to nothing about wine, yet it is clear that Henri's is well stocked in it with a wide variety of vintage reds, whites and desert wines.  They also have an impressive and eclectic display of cheeses ranging from hard, mature cheddars to soft, sticky camemberts.  
As I mentioned above, the quality of the food means it has a price tag to match.  Further, in my opinion, it doesn't really make sense to be buying French ham in Edinburgh when there's meat of the same standard being produced within a fifty mile radius.  And cheaper.
Edinburgh has many delis. If you after your kalamata olives or extra virgin olive oil, or French cheese flown directly over, you have many choices. 

Henri's French Food is one of those places. Nothing really makes it pop, but walking in you can sort of forget you are in Scotland, but at a local brasserie in Paris stocking up. Until you see the pound sign and the number next to it. The girl at the cashier was very helpful and I got some cheeses for a special dinner, but I don't think I would come to shop here just for the sake it stocks goodies from France, and certainly not for any other reason other than a special occasion or for a gift.
Henri's is not, as others have remarked, the cheapest joint in town for buying a bottle of wine or a nice cheese. The stock they have is great in both regards, however (confirmed by my Parisien other half), and well worth splashing out if you're looking to treat yourself. A particularly nice 'saint-marcelin' cheese stands out in our memory, and they also stock a variety of other French goodies. 

What takes us back time and again, however (as well as them being just round the corner from our flat) is their bread, croissants, and coffee. The croissants, pains au chocolat etc are really a cut above what you'll find in most other places in Edinburgh, and are not overly expensive (less than £1 each). I highly recommend their 'escargot chocolat'- essentially a danish-like pastry with chocolate chips. Get there early though- most bread and pastries seem to disappear by early afternoon!

Sandwiches are also excellent value, made fresh with lovely ingredients: try the 'Loire': Goats cheese, pesto, apple & salad.  The staff are friendly and helpful, and it's a nice place to sit if you can bag one of their 2-3 indoor tables. That's probably one of the only gripes we have- there's often not enough space, except in the summer when there's more seating outside.

In summary: fantastic spot for a croissant/sandwich and a coffee (especially in summer), or for spoiling yourself with a genuinely French treat.
Happiness, happiness is a baguette, that you possess... well, a sun dried tomato loaf of deliciousness. Bread should have character, and supporting flavour to any dish - slicing bread just defies that concept. But Henri's stocks some marvelous carbs. The rest of it's offerings I have to admit, left me a little cold, but when you have bread like Henri's, what more do you want?
Only been in here once and I am impressed. Had lots of salamis and cheese and other goodies. Was also able to find Quail eggs here which I have used before when I worked in the culinary field. ( Sunny side up quail eggs on a salad with a lemon vinaigrette ) The staff was super friendly and I had a good chat about where they get their goods from. Its imported or comes from local sources. My kind of shop! I will come back again when I am in the area but I recommend going here for all your french food needs in your kitchen. I believe they have pastries as well but I cannot confirm that. Anyways go here folks great little french shop!
Having been a very satisfied customer of Henri's deli for a while now, I though it was about time I sang their praises.

There are two branches, one in Stockbridge, which I gather goes for a more bistro approach and one in Morningside. This is the only branch i've visited and is much more of a shop/deli.

Henri's are dedicated to providing some of the best produce from all over France, many of which have been handpicked by the very friendly owner himself. They stock more French cheese varieties than you can shake a baguette at, charcuterie (this is the only place I know of in Edinburgh to get proper Bayonne ham), condiments, preserves, daily baked bread and all sorts of speciality foodie treasures. I don't go for sweets personally but their macarons are imported directly from Paris and i'm sure would impress those with an inclination.

There are two things that I love the most about Henri's. Firstly; the wine and beer. They have a glorious selection of wines, largely organic and additive free (which practically makes it a health supplement... honest) again, expertly chosen by the owner, from independent vineyards across many regions and exclusive to Henri's. Their beer is from the unique, award winning, Brasserie du Mont Blanc.

Secondly; their filled baguettes. Henri's make the best sandwiches, without exaggeration, I have ever had. The creme de la creme (a little token French for you, there) being the 'Gascon' A fresh crusty baguette filled with shredded confit duck, goat's cheese, organic fig chutney and mixed  salad leaf. I'm struggling to think of anything between two slices of bread that tasted better.

No, it's not the cheapest place to shop but the cost is qualified by the quality. And when you consider that at £3.50, their take-away baguettes are little different in price to a "sandwich" from Subway, it's a bargain in comparison.
if i didnt have tummy issues after eating here it would easily be a 5 star. but the fact that i do get tummy issues but still keep coming back means that maybe it is 5 star food. its cheapness makes it seem that much tastier.

i will stick with a 4 star only cause there is no indoor seating. you can sit outside at long picnic tables outside, under a tent thingy or just get takeaway. its good. and you get a lot of it. there are brave people eating here in the winter but i am not one of them.  

they change their menu every day. you walk in to a small room, wait in a usually short line, pick out any number of their around 10 options differing daily that are looking at you so you can see whats up even if you dont know whats in it, wait for it, get it takeway or join some randoms and inhale. 

i hate to use the word authentic, cause i dont give a shit if something is authentic ,if i like it i like it.
but if you are one of those people who likes to only eat authentic, ive been told this is authentic as authentic can get.
My brother lived in Edinburgh for several years and took me here when I came to visit for a few days.  I love a lot of things in Edinburgh but this was definitely top three stops.  Enormous, delicious plate of vegetarian food for less than I paid for any other meal on the trip.  Eating it out back at the picnic tables on a lovely day was tops.
A friend took me here for a cheap dinner when I visited him a few years ago.  I think we went back at least twice more in the week I was there; we would have probably gone every day if we hadn't been restrained only by our mutual guilt at eating there so often.

The curry is absolutely fantastic, cheap, and lavishly portioned.  That plus a little cheap Tesco naan (I'm sure their own naan is better, but we were cheap bastards) made for a delicious and filling meal. The ambiance is a bit lacking, so just order for takeaway and enjoy it elsewhere.  Be sure to hold it with both hands!

If it weren't 3,700 miles away from me, this would probably be a weekly meal.
Tucked away down a subtle side street entrance, the Mosque Kitchen is a hidden haven for hearty Indian cuisine. Serving locals, students and even the business elite, the luring smell of home cooked, honest Indian fare attracts all. Offering a limited but exceptionally affordable array of dishes, the Mosque Kitchen produces some simple but flavoursome gems. Vegetarians can enjoy a truly moreish Tarka Dahl or a flavoursome spinach and potato curry, whilst those of a more meaty persuasion can indulge in one of the Mosque's daily chicken or lamb servings. With the offering of rice, plain or garlic naan to accompany each dish, diners can anticipate a meal that satisfies any level of hunger. 

A word of warning, though, diners can expect to feast on humble trestle tables, shelter under a rustic corrugated roof and mingle amidst a friendly bunch of pigeons. Meek and unassuming, the Mosque Kitchen boasts unbeatable prices, food of a superlative nature, and will undoubtedly leave you comfortably stuffed for the day ahead.
There are few places anywhere that you will find a curry for £3.50 but right here at the Mosque Kitchen you can eat your heart out for next to nothing. I love the canteen feel, the outdoor picnic table seating, the paper plates and the plastic spoons. It doesn't have to please aesthetically just to pull in the punters the people of Edinburgh know a good curry when they eat it and this is why the Mosque Kitchen is so popular.

Absolutely great with a big bunch of friends on a summers evening, brilliant if you're skint or if you just can't be bothered cooking as the generous portions will fill you up no problems. It's also the kind of place you could just go and sit on your own tucking into some curry and doing a spot of people watching. 

Little independent places like this are great and I highly recommend visiting, the vegetable curry is my favourite, it's nice and spicy - just the way I like it. Brilliant!
A no-frills eating venue which has begun to take on an almost legendary status, The Mosque Kitchen is a dining experience quite unlike any other in the city. If it's luxury, ambience, or even proper cutlery you're after, you won't find it here. If however it's a tasty curry at frankly unbelievably cheap prices you want, then that's exactly what you'll get.

I'm so carnivorous I'd happily feast on a roadkill rabbit by the side of the motorway, so I was pretty surprised to find it was the vegetable curry, with all sorts of greenery thrown in, that was my favourite. I expect I'll be a regular visitor here though, so that may change.

It's places like this that really give a city it's character, and I'd much rather give my hard earned to the people of the mosque than many of the city's more unscrupulous curry house owners. I urge you to do the same.
If you only have £3.50 in your pocket and want a meal that's a) tasty and b) enormous, preferably with a bit of 'character' thrown in, this is where you should head.

By 'character', I mean you sit outside under a gazebo in the backyard of Edinburgh Central Mosque, and you eat out of a polystyrene box with a plastic fork. But the food is that good that you won't care about the pigeon eyeing up our lunch 3 feet away.

I usually go for the veggie option, because the one time I did get the chicken there were quite a lot of fatty chewy bits. In fact, it made me stay away from here for a while, but then a veggie friend convinced me to get the lentil and spinach curry instead, and 3 years later I'm still eating there. It's right by the Uni, but you get a surprsing mix of people thanks to it's word-of-mouth reputation.

If you haven't tried it yet, then you need to. Soon.
I cant believe I lived across the road from this place for nearly a whole year and didnt try the Mosque Kitchen.

It was recommended to me, and frankly I didnt fancy it - but I was there today and I am now kicking myself that I didnt take advantage while I still could.

The food is great. It's propper Indian/Pakistani food, and more importantly there is absolutly loads of it for a very tidy price. Eating outdoors is also great, and gives this place a great vibe. I really will be here again!
This place should definitely be kept on the down low because it is frickin awesome. 

I really fancied curry the other day and remembered seeing the raving reviews on Yelp and thought I would give it a bash. The simplicity of this restaurant might put you off at first but it is fantastic. Real, authentic food and at a stupidly cheap price. Never has eating out a box been so good! I will return to this place again and again because it is just that good.
In 2007 the Scotsman newspaper placed The Mosque Kitchen top of its list of Best Festival Food and it's clear to see why.  Their curries are authentic, slow-cooked, flavoursome and sold in generous portions.  I have been twice, both times having the chicken curry with rice and a naan bread which was tasty and filling.  
To order your food you simply walk past the eating area and into a small room where you order your curry canteen-style and then eat it off a plastic plate.  For vegetarians there are a variety of vegetable curries and these, along with the meat and poultry ones, are all served with rice for less than £5. The service is friendly and effective and I like the eating arrangement where you take your food outside and eat it under the plastic roof while chatting with your mates.
The Mosque Kitchen offers genuine value for money and is visited each day by people from a huge range of ethnic and national backgrounds - and for good reason too!
Nearly every student has heard of the Mosque Kitchen. There is a reason for that.

Situated near George Sq in the centre of town, the Mosque Kitchen is a canteen-esque restaraunt attached to the Edinburgh Mosque. This where students come to fill up with big portions of cheap curry! 
Don't be put off though, cheap does not mean poor quality. The Mosque Kitchen serves a small range of curry every day. There is usually a small selection, that can be accompanied with rice with some side servings such as nan. Food is dished up into polystyrene dishes and eaten with plastic cutlery. But make no mistake; the curry is great quality and the portions very reasonable. Regular attendees appreciate the lack of fuss made over the presentation; they are here for what the kitchen sets out to do, provide great curry for all!

The Mosque Kitchen has a communal feel and expects to have some great chat, especially if you come regularly, sitting at one of the few long, school-cafeteria type tables.

If you're visiting Edinburgh and you want to see where the locals, especially the students, eat out, or you are looking for somewhere less pricey to fill up for the day, try the Mosque Kitchen. If you live in Edinburgh and you haven't been, why not?
This place is brilliant, nothing more to say.

Well, ok I'll go on....

It doesn't look like much to people walking past and you'll not be the first to walk past it, but if you go in you'll never want to go anywhere else!! 

The offer huge dishes for next to nothing! The food is delicious and the people there are beyond wonderful.

It feels like you're getting a cuddle every time you're in here, it's a total diamond in the rough! Only tell your best friends!
The Mosque Kitchen is a great addition to the curry scene in Edinburgh. Unlike many traditional curry houses that serve bland, mass produced masalas etc, the Mosque Kitchen has traditional muslim food that (I have been assured by my arabic friends) is what they do eat. The place itself is beautifully grubby, you go into a little kitchen, queue up like in a school canteen then head off outside onto plastic chairs and tables all under a big gazebo. There is nothing refined about the location, the kitchen relies on its food.

And the food is really, really good. There are only 2 curries, chicken and lamb, and while the lamb can be quite stringy, the chicken is always excellent. Think a Korma but less sauce and much more subtly spiced. They also do daal, some form of spinach dish and other dishes I don't recognise as well as kofta kebabs. The rice is absolutely amazing, and the nan breads are huge.

Although the price has gone up a wee bit recently, the Mosque Kitchen is still the cheapest curry place around, with a curry with rice or nan costing only £4.50, and the other dishes less. The guys who work there are really friendly, and it is a great establishment to give your money to.
The Mosque Kitchen lies just behind Edinburgh Central Mosque and offers food at unbeatable prices where the money you pay goes to worthy causes. I have been here a good few times, and I must say that the last time I went, I was a bit disappointed by the naan bread, and thought it was a bit dry, but it is the festival period and I came late in the day, so perhaps this may have had something to do with it. Even if this was a common occurrence, I would probably still give this place 5 stars, as the curry tastes divine and the portions will fill you up no matter how hungry you are.
If you do not want to fork out on extra money on drinks there is a water fountain just outside the kitchen area and there are cups where you can have this water instead. A couple of very minor criticisms of the place is that there are lots of pigeons who pester you during your meal while you sit under the gazebo and they only supply a spoon rather than a knife and fork. Other than this, it's great, there aren't many places in Edinburgh that can be this!
This is the best. place. in. Edinburgh. ever. I have friends who come back to visit and refuse to leave without stopping at the Mosque Kitchen first. I'm not talking about people who'd never been here before (though, word does get around), but people who lived in Edinburgh for a while and counted on the Mosque Kitchen to cure their disproportionate hangover. 

I always get the vegetarian options (which have multiplied lately!) which are dahl, rice, greasy spinach with potatoes, chickpeas, and sometimes a vegetable curry. And I think they're definitely the best and cheapest options available. The Mosque Kitchen also sells rubicon and delicious ginger beer to quench your thirst. The people who work there are also real sweet too.
Do I really feel this place needs another 5 star review?  No I do not.  

Do I think that there's anything I can say that hasn't already been said?  No I do not.  Chaise-lounge monkey-fist.  I stand corrected.

Ok, so this probably isn't news by now, but listen: THEY GIVE YOU A LOT OF FOOD FOR NOT A LOT OF CASHMONEY. You've heard that before, right?

£3 will get you Tarka Dal (lentils) and Rice. 2 Sheesh Kebabs and Rice or a few other options that escape me right now.  I have likely been there about 5 or 6 times by now, because you can't beat the price, and you can't beat the portions.
Fantastic, delicious, well-portioned, fast, inexpensive food. Served in the back of a mosque. £3.50 for a wonderful steaming chicken curry dish that will fill you up (unlike so many places around here). The garlic nan bread is also delicious, except I'm usually too full to eat it. The only downside to this amazing place is that the seating is outdoors under a tarp, so if it's a  windy and cold day you should either bundle up or get it to take away and eat it somewhere warmer.
It was okay. £5 for curry, rice, veggies and a drink isn't bad. It's just not the most aesthetically pleasing restaurant. As has been said, you're sitting outside under a tarp on cafeteria-style benches, floodlit and surrounded by mossy walls.

They have three choices of curry, "Vegetarian" "Chicken" or "Meat." This concerned me greatly as to what the chicken was if not meat, but I digress.

Anyway, I was after the "meat" but they sold out so I went for the chicken. I'm not sure what part of the chicken they used but it seemed very fatty. Pretty tasty though. And for the asking price, still pretty good.

Had another funny conversation with the guy behind the counter after the "meat?" "no meat, chicken!" conversation. I asked if he had any garlic naan. He looks at me and goes "Naan? *pause* None..."

Have to get in earlier next time I guess!
Went to the Mosque Kitchen for the first time after a year away travelling. I have to say it was one of the two things I missed while I was away (Kopperberg was the other!) and I was worried it might have changed....

Maybe the prices had gone up...... maybe they don't do lamb anymore.... maybe the pigeons had killed everyone in a fit of impulsive hunger and taken over the little yard behind the Mosque, making it a death trap for the students and locals of Newington.....!!

Thankfully none of the above had in fact happened, although, inevitably, there was one niggling negative upon my return......

And that was the great big 'Mosque Kitchen' sign over the archway.

This kitchen is Edinburgh's best kept secret and should really stay that way if we want to enjoy the portions, the price and the level of service from the lovely folk that run the place. Same thing happened to KFC and that place is EXTORTIONATE now!!

.......okay I can't back that up.

Other than that, I got the ground minced lamb rather than the big chunky lamb.... bit of a surprise but still great. Chicken's still the chicken.

Winner!
Love this place! First found out about it through a Muslim friend last year and was so happy that day! 
For £5 you get to fill your tummy with delicious spicy goodness and a nice cool beverage to wash it all down! Very good price for the amount of food you get. 

It's nothing fancy, just a kitchen with an eating area outside covered by tarp. I don't really care about fancy restaurants or anything, so I was perfectly happy to eat outside. As far as I'm concerned, as long as we're not getting rained on, it's all good!

Great food, great value for money, and I recommend them to anyone looking for tasty and tongue tingling food at a competitive price.
Good for a bowl of tasty hot, cheap, quick vegetarian food. Don't go expecting a restaurant. I enjoyed my curry and rice.
Hmph.... I think I was expecting much more from Mosque Kitchen than what was delivered. Saag aloo that had been cooked to death (somehow the potato remained semi-raw), cold chicken and average tarka daal. Massive portions yes. Perfect for starving students looking for a change from Greggs... but for a couple of quid more, you can get a lot better. Definitely disappointed in this one.
I can't believe I have been yelping for a year and still haven't reviewed the Mosque Kitchen!

OK here it goes:

Hungover? 
Like cheap curry?
In a hurry?

Then Mosque kitchen is for you! I really enjoy mosque kitchen when it isn't freezing outside (it's outdoor seating although I hear they made an indoor seating). Nevertheless, be it sun or snow this food will most certainly warm you up from the inside. A great choice for some affordable grub at very substantial portions! You can mix and match the mains if you can't decide on a specific curry. Their garlic naan is particularly tasty also! Be warned that lunch times can be very busy as well as swooping pigeons. 

Great food at great value.
Great for students, or tourists on a budget! 

Huge helping for lunch or dinner for only £5! I got the chicken curry, with rice and a samosa (extra £1-£1.50) and it was such a big helping that even I couldn't finish it (says a lot). 

The only complaint I have about The Mosque is that when I went they weren't serving drinks anymore! I mean like water, juice, it was closed? My friend ended up going to ask specifically and got herself a bottle of water, but it seemed kinda overpriced. 

Definitely if you're on a budget, this is a great place to go - good value for your dollar, and a huge (and delicious!) helping!
Having been recently introduced to the Mosque Kitchen's new indoor restaurant, I've been a bit of a glutton and visited three times in the last month or two. I really love this place. 

The food is cheap, filling and incredibly tasty. The menu is quite limited, but what it lacks in variety it more than makes up in the yum stakes. There's enough on offer for meat eaters and veggies alike to be satisfied. 

You can get a large plate of lentil dhal and rice for £3 and a freshly made nan bread for £1. Other things on offer include a spinach dish, vegetable curry, lamb curry and chicken curry, as well as garlic nans, samosas and a few other bits and pieces. Portion sizes are large and very enjoyable - a bit of a rarity in Edinburgh these days! 

Don't expect airs and graces. The place is canteen style and you'll be eating your grub off paper plates with plastic cutlery. The decor is clean and contemporary, with long tables happily accommodating ten people or more. The food is served buffet style and the service is quick but a little abrupt. 

I was told that the Mosque Kitchen's profits go towards funding the mosque and that the staff are volunteers, so I'm not surprised that the service can sometimes be a little lacking in finesse (that's the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars). 

If you want something sweet to round off your meal, cakes and pastries are available starting at around £1. 

Brilliant value for money, fab food and a nice atmosphere make for a great bit of budget dining in the city.
This place - along with their newly established Mosque Cafe on Clerk-Nicholson St way, is good quality food for a great price.  However, I wish they would use true cutlery and plates instead of the styrofoam they still use in the Cafe.  It just doesn't suit the establishment and isn't friendly all around.  The newer cafe is cleaner than the Mosque environs where you had to eat outdoors under a covered area with pigeons flying about.  Overall, it is great for the food.
Cheap and cheerful Indian food. Much paper plate and plastic fork charm. We summed it up as: "an unmissable Edinburgh lunch spot that represents excellent bang for your buck.  If you've not been there, go, and if you haven't been for a while, go back and sample it again.  You won't be disappointed."
Came here a few weeks ago with friends and enjoyed the food but the place was absolutely packed! I guess that's what you get for coming around lunch time near Uni. 

The food was good and the price was definitely nice. You get huge portions. I did feel that my dish was a little too oily/buttery though and considering there is Indian Food on nearly every corner in Edinburgh, I wasn't too impressed with it. 

Perfect for students on a budget though!
This place was awesome. It's about as hole-in-the-wall as it gets. The food is awesome and entirely authentic, I miss it already. If you ever get the chance, go for it.

If you want the extra burn, grab a ginger beer to complement the curry.
The Mosque Kitchen is a very simple and clean Indian place with a menu that won't put a dent in your wallet. The chicken curry is outstanding and some of the most tender curry chicken I've ever eaten. The vegetable (chickpea) curry was just as delicious. A huge plate of curry over rice for £5 is pretty amazing. They have an buffet portion after 5 pm, but I found a single portion to be adequate. The only letdown was the lamb curry, which wasn't nearly as tender.
For what it is the New Mosque Kitchen, is simply phenomenal. 

If you don't like curry, don't come here. 

If you want fancy cutlery, don't come here. 

If want porcelain or china plates, don't come here. 

If you want table service, don't come here. 

If you need booze with your food, don't come here. 

If you want to eat a really tasty meal, which will leave you feeling full, but not bloated, for hours after come here. 

If you want to eat well for pennies, come here. 

If you want to eat cheaply in a family friendly canteen style eatery come here. 

(The address here is right, but pictures are of the old mosque kitchen)
Went with the chicken and beef curry with rice.  Not a bad dish by any standards.  the only downside was we had too much leftover and our fridge in the RV was not working.  Not bad really, just meant 2 back to back meals of great food.  I thought that the prices were very good and the food was not the best, but better than most "buffet style" indian restaurants.  If I lived here, I would definitely come back from time to time.
This restaurant firmly deserves his reputation for good food. Immediately you notice many people in traditional Muslim dress. That's an excellent sign. Everything is so clean here too.

My friend and I got the buffet. This was mainly do not knowing what specifically to order and wanting to sample too much. Anyway, the food is great. There is so much to choose from. I especially liked the pakora, rice, naan, and sheekh kebabs. Those kebabs were bloody spicy.

If you're doing the buffet, you'll pay and get your plate at the main counter. If you're purchasing items off their menu, you can pay where the food is being served. They only accept cash.
I'd heard so many good things about the Mosque Kitchen but had never been myself.  I decided to go for lunch and just fell in love with the concept.  

They serve lunch from 11:30am until 7pm then offer an all you can eat buffet until 11pm.  Please note though that on Fridays they are closed before 12:50-1:50pm for prayer.  

Basically, there is no waiting about here so it is the perfect place to go during your lunch hour at work if you want great quality food fast!  Plus, the prices aren't far off what you pay for a sandwich so it really is a winner!  There is no table service so you go up to the hot plate at the back of the restaurant and pick what you'd like to eat.  All the meals are already prepared and just waiting for the taking.  

I had 2 Sheekh kebabs with rice (£3.50) and my companion had chicken curry and rice (£4).  We could not even make a dent in our plates as they were heaped so high with food!  We thought it'd be rude not to get a nan bread to accompany the meal though as at £1 they are practically giving themaway!  

This place doesn't serve alcohol because it is part of the Mosque but for all the time you're in there you really don't miss it.  With the quality of food so high and prices so low it really does tick all the boxes.  

Great choice for a cheap yet tasty meal.
I was originally going to give the Mosque a solid 5/5 but then I had another think about it and I decided I was going to have to reduce this by 1 star. And here is why. PRO followed by CON.

1) The curry is really tasty - BUT there is more variation in just how tasty it is. Today for example I was a bit dissapointed - the rice was greasy and the chicken lacked flavour.

2) It's Cheap - BUT it's not as cheap as it used to be. The delight was that you could get more food, and a drink faster and cheaper than anywhere else. While it's still pretty much faster and more, there is less than you used to get and you're paying almost 25% more than a few years ago. 

3) The Location is good. It's central, on that lovely bit of Edinburgh old town that seems reserved for mentalists and drug users, however it's close to pretty much all of old town and the uni so this is fine. 

4) It's chilled out. The guys are cool. They do takeaway and it's ironically an amazing lunch time hangover cure if you're suffering from the night before. 

Anyway I've mainly given it 4 start because it's not as good as it used to be and it's gotten more expensive. Saying that I still eat here a couple times a week. 

Favourite meal : Meat curry, rice, dahl and veg, witha  can of rubicon guava juice. Sweet.
there seems to be two restaurants with this name, but the one I went to was not the one under the mosque but it's nearby (corner) since I heard this one has the original chef.  I had "chicken pulao with rice".  There was no chicken in it, but just this wonderful sauce over rice.  Even in a styrofoam bowl and eaten with a plastic spoon, it tasted really great, not to add that it was very reasonably priced at £2.50 (lots of rice drenched in sauce)-the 2nd time I had it with extra vegetable toppings (peas, carrots, and potatoes for an extra £1), it wasn't as good though. the chicken curry was even better! very tender chicken
Great simple food at fantastic prices! 

The new Mosque Kitchen provides a simple yet basic setting for those seeking an authentic curry in a hurry! The menu is basic but has classic chicken, lamb and vegetarian options so likely to be somehting to suit everyone and with prices starting at £3.00 for tarka dahl with rice to £4.50 for chicken curry and rice you definately wont be breaking the bank! The sag aloo was delicious and the garlic nan is worth the wait!

If you've not been here before then I'll try and set the scene. Dont think of it as a restaurant (there's no menu cards or table service) maybe more of a canteen, there's a menu on the wall and a self service area where you are served food that's ready and waiting. Bear in mind that the restaurant belongs to the Mosque and so there's no extravagance. It's plastic plates and cutlery however it somehow makes it feel more authentic! As you would expect there's no alcohol available but there is a good range of soft drinks including traditional lassies. 

All in all if you like a good curry at fantastic prices then I'd recommend you come here!
The Mosque Kitchen has been on my internal food-radar since about day 2 of moving to Edinburgh. When asking for recommendations on where to go, almost everyone told me I simply must try The Mosque Kitchen. Summed up, it's cheap, it's cheerful, it's no frills, but it's a big plate of food, it's curry and it's tasty.

So it was finally over a year later, at 10pm in the midst of the Fringe frenzy that I stumbled upon it with nothing in my but Guiness, whisky and an appetite.

And for that - the middle of a typical Fringe day, surrounded by locals, visitors, performers, and 10pm feeling like 4pm (I dont know what time this place would close during the Festival, but 6am is a typical hit-the-hay time...) that I lined up in the school-cafeteria style queue and ordered my plate of rice, lamb curry, and paid up front.

The lamb was tender, the sauce spicy but that's about as far as it goes. It filled a hole, it was tasty, and it would make do for just those occasions - when you're super hungry and just need to fill a hole but want something different to a sandwich / hot dog / kebab. 

They Mosque Kitchen often do the rounds at Festivals too - like Christmas Markets, with their pop-up shop. I really like their curry. They're not trying to be a haute cuisine restaurant. So for a time and a place, The Mosque Kitchen is perfectly and definitely an Edinburgh institution in its own right.
Ok, so here is the deal, there are TWO Mosque Kitchens. 

A couple of months ago I ate at the Mosque Kitchen that is on the corner of Nicholson street and I ... was underwhelmed, to say the least. The quality of the food, meh, the cafeteria-style setting, meh, no clean tables, meh. Didn't like it and couldn't understand for the love of me why people were getting all ravey about it.

Right...... so, get this, if you walk through the front gates of the actual mosque, and walk to the back, there's another Mosque Kitchen, where there is table-service and the food is positively moarish. It's so good, I'm half suspecting them of just drugging me when I get in there, I get so happy.

I have to admit, I now come here about once or twice a week, usually with a colleague. The plates of food you get are just absolutely ridiculous, and the prices are amazingly good. It never fails to keep me full from 13:00 well into 17:30/18:00 which for me is rather important as I get right crabby when I'm hungry. (And by crabby I mean: "Hey Lou, have you seen that memo I se-," Me: "GRRRRR." Colleague: "Did you just ... growl at me?" Me: "KSSSHHHGRRRRR.") 

Ok, so that may not have been the most eloquent explanation, but what I'm trying to get across here is that Mosque Kitchen saved my job, and that, my friends, is a good, good thing.
This kind of dining is right up my street, unfussy, uncluttered and unassuming @£5.00 this is how fast food should be. I will be back.
The mosque kitchen is by far one of the best places to get some of the most succulent kebabs in Edinburgh alongside a splash of dall and a dollop of spinach, all over a big full bowl of rice.  I would go here at least once or twice a week when I was working at the Edinburgh uni library, and would always get a little bit of everything. 
I was rarely if ever disappointed by the food here! I did make the mistake of going to the new mosque kitchen they opened up on Nicholson, which wasn't too impressive, but was then glad to find out that the original is still alive and well.

Be warned that this is more of a cafeteria than a restaurant. They will serve you the food inside, and then you go outside to the plastic tables and fold out chairs to enjoy your warm meal. 

Even so, you would still find me here at 6 pm on a cold December night indulging in a big bowl of tasty mosque kitchen food.
Anyone who gives this place less than 4 stars needs to take a long, hard look at themselves. This placehas cheap curry!!!!! and its like a pot noodle, does exactly what it says on the tin, doesn't try and be posh or anything that its not. just massive portions of tasty cheap curry for under a fiver. dun- no!!!
Loads of people tell me to come here, and I have come here several times.

There are not many options, it is canteen style food, yet the portions are huge, the food is cheap, and this is probably one of the best student meals you will get in the area for the price (especially in terms of quantity).

Being vegetarian, I have always gone for the chickpea curry (chana masala) or the lentil dal with rice. The naan looks decent for the price, plus it's massive. This is a good place to come when you're really hungry and just desperately want to fill up with some food which isn't too bad for you. It's got to be better than kebabs, right?

So, this is definitely not a place for a dinner date... Nor for a sophisticated ritual for ladies who like to lunch.... But it will fill the hole.

If I wanted a normal sized portion, I would go to himalaya cafe just up the road and pay around the same price for a delicious curry. Yes, it's slightly smaller, but the food is very fresh, tasty, and you get salad with your food. All this in a beautifully decorated  cafe, which also offers yoga classes. Himalaya also offer an amazing chai latte, which entices me even more.
It's cheap and very basic, but has a good variety of curries at very low prices. And the portions are massive so you're probably best asking for take away and finish it off later. No airs and graces, no prevention, I've offend the staff very friendly on both occasions I've been here. It's mass produced food but you know what, there's something refreshing about this place's simplicity.
While visiting Edinburgh, a friend took us to the Mosque Kitchen on our last day in town. As a vegetarian, I thought they had a solid selection for a decent price. The food was tasty and the service was on point.
First Kitchen I have ever heard of being in or part of a Mosque. As its already been pointed out, reminds me of a cafeteria . Stand in line, pick what you want , pay and go back to your seat. Has surprisingly good curry. I really enjoyed the spinach lamb curry. I recommend it! They also have a variety of ethnic beverages to have with your meal. What sold me was the amount of food for the price . It's cheap and left me stuffed! The place also seemed clean when I was there and the staff also friendly. If your tight on money and have a hankering for curry and want a lot of food for cheap this is the place.
I ended up going into this place with some friends, as they said it was pretty good and inexpensive. The actually dining area isn't anything more then a cafeteria type setting, but there are lots of seats and they can accommodate for larger parties. They have a lot of food places like this in the States, where you basically just go through a line and point to what you want, but this place actually serves decent food.

I opted for the 3 vegetarian curries and rice plate, which was 5 pounds for a big plate of rice and curries. I was really keen on the aubergine, but it must be really popular because they were all out. So I opted for the chickpea, mushroom and potato curries, they do have meat, but none of use tried any. I loved the chickpea curry and the mushrooms as well, but was not a big fan of the potatoes. The chickpeas were way better then I expected and were really well spiced. 

Overall, the food was quite spicy, but if you can handle it, it is very enjoyable. The only thing, (which is a personal thing) is that I like greens in my food, or at least for it to have something green in it. The options I had didn't have any peppers, etc, but I did try my boyfriends okra, which was really nice. So they do offer some good 'green' food options. They provided a good portion of food for the price and all up I think we paid 11 pounds for two meals. A great deal for a cheap and fast eat. I wouldn't go for the ambience, but they also do offer take away if you'd like to sit somewhere without florescent lighting or at home. A nice, quick meal for a reasonable price. I don't live in the area, but out of the few Indian places I've tried in Edinburgh, this was the best one.
I have been told a few times that this place is an inexpensive gem and for ten pounds I thought why not. The decor is pretty basic although that's to be expected with the low price offer. 
None of the  dishes were labelled, a pretty basic shortcoming for a buffet style restaurant. Indeed the first one I've ever been to that you have to make educated guesses on what you're actually eating. Secondly the way they were kept, displayed and the lack of fresh replenishments was abysmal. I haven't seen less desirable food in quite some time. After two plates of what I could safely assume was chicken in different and equally horrible guises I'd had my fill although I was in no way full. 
Yes it's ten pounds and it's budget buffet what's your problem I hear you say. I've been to tastier more bountiful buffets for a good four pounds less. I'd rather spend a little bit more cash and go to mother India's cafe or go to flip and have plenty of change in my pocket.
This place is great. Super cheap and a TON of food. The quality is much better than it should be for how much you pay. If you are a hungry traveler who likes Indian food, this is your place. The menu is limited, but the amount of food and tastiness makes this a 5 star. Note: this is not the ritz, don't expect a lavish meal. Just plain, simple , quick, and good.
Mmmmm.  Yummy.  First let me say that the unassuming facade says nothing about the little gem inside.  Since the place just opened, there's a banner instead of a sign, and a small curb tent directing diners in to the -only- open store in the building.  But for those who brave new frontiers, it's worth it.

Z's House Sandwich = Gooood.  The smoked pork brings out the sausage and bacon lover in me, and yet I was rewarded with an equally good helping of 'Fresh' as well - the cucumbers, tomatoes and peppers were all great!

The Egg Salad sandwich also received high marks from my compatriot, and I loved the option of the Orangina for drinks!  Which leads me to the second aspect of the place - while it has little for decoration (other than the very comely proprietor) it has a wonderful supply of European goods - chocolates, breads, biscuits, drinks, meats and yes, Eurocrem.  A vanilla and hazelnut spread that competes with Nutella in my book!  Ahhh, yes.  

I hope others find and patronize this place enough to keep it in business, so I can continue to visit my happy euro-place!

Update: I'm happy to report that business seems to have picked up as there was a short line for lunch!  It didn't take long to get served, and they also offer lunch deals that are well worth the visit!
One of the most quality oriented Delis around, Z's will not disappoint. You can always count on a warm and friendly welcome, and a delicious Sandwich. The house sandwich, on round bread is a "knock-out".

The market selections are awesome, selling everything from imported beverages, coffees, chocolates, olive oil, pastas, spices etc...

If you are tired of the same old "deli" grind, I recommend you give Z's deli a chance, you will not be disappointed. You will not find higher quality deli elsewhere.
UH YEAH

This was one of my favorite sandwhiches ever!
The Z's House Sandwhich @ 6.95 Rawked

The round bread is like a thick pita, it has the burnt little bits on the top and the chewy yummy inside. Man that was good. 

They are still the only business in the complex but are gaining more customers each day. 

They serve small Breakfast items, bagels, burritos, muffins, coffee....
They Deli for the lunches is great. Ham, Turkey, tuna, egg salad, veggie, etc. Too many packaged items to count in the deli case.

Try this place, you will love it.
Same sandwhich same great lunch. 


Z will be having some competition soon. There is a gyro type place and a meatbalz going up soon. They will also have a mortgage guy next door.
I'm surprised I haven't reviewed Z's yet.

I live in the north valley, and to be honest, there isn't much that isn't a chain restaurant. Z's stands out by making good, honest sandwiches.

They're a small ethnic market, offering up treats, drinks, and oddities from Europe, which isn't a bad thing. I've decided from now on to buy some odd European treat from them everytime I go. 

Service is fantastic, always nice and warm, and they love compliments.

Now, onto the food. I cannot get over the Z House Sandwich. Served on a round European roll, this smoked ham delight is topped with everything. Red Bell Pepper, Cheese, all of the veggies, mayo and mustard, and served warm.  

Basically, the entire sandwich just melds into a strata of deliciousness.

I've had some of their other sandwiches, including the roast beef and the egg salad, and both are delicious, but to me, NOTHING beats the house special.

Stop reading this, and go try them now.
Highest 4 I can give.  Why not 5 you ask??  CHOMPIES!!  But around the North Valley...Z's!!  My Wife (Very PICKY wife), loved the house special as much as I did.  The service was also excellent.  I'm surprised that this place would open around here...but I'm glad it did.  I know where to go to get a great, unique sammich now.  Others have talked about the House Special, but I'll add a few words.  FRESH, tasty, toasty, tasty, awesomeness!!  Crispy bread on the outside, chewy and moist on the inside.  Yet, thin, and packed with fresh veggies, smoked pork slices, and cheese!  (Swiss for us).  He'll make it anyway you want it, but we stuck to the original sammich.    You could take out the meat and still be happy.  I was most impressed with the use of red bell pepper slices because I know how much red pepper cost's.
I work across the street from this little place and it is pretty good.  They have a modest stock of foodstuffs from the former eastern european countries.  Interesting cookies and sodas.  The coke wannabe made from the fruit of the dogberry bush - yeah, the dogberry bush - didn't go over too well with my kid.  I thought it was OK.

Very friendly folks, and your sandwiches are made to order as you wait with plenty of opportunity for input from you.  The house special sandwich, as mentioned in previous reviews, is the best thing on the menu.  The roll they make it on is exceptional.  The veggies they put on it, including thinly sliced bell peppers, are extremely fresh and crisp, which adds great textural dimension.

If you are looking for a fresh, delicious sandwich served up by pleasant people who actually look you in the eye and have a conversation, Z's is your place.
Great deli and market! I'm all about the house special sandwich - the bread is warm and crispy, meat is good (boar's head) and nice variety of veggies on the sandwich, including sliced bell peppers and olives. 

Z's also has a small selection of grocery items with candies, spices (including vegeta - sometimes tough to find) and assorted pickles/olives. They sell big jars of all sorts of pickled foods - I especially remember the green tomato pickles (what would that taste like?). 

Overall, great little place to get a GREAT sandwich.
The house special is awesome! I keep saying I will try something else but I never get around to it because the house special is so good. Prosciutto ham lots of veggies on great bread.
Great food, great service !   I'm definitely a fan.
I grabbed a quick lunch here today after seeing the good reviews on yelp. 

I ordered The Godfather, which had cappicola, turkey, salami, provolone, lettuce and tomato with an oil and vinegar dressing. It was served on a homemade pita that was fluffy and rustic. The sandwich itself was delicious! A nice mix of flavors, good sized portion (it was offered in 3 sizes) and made for a great affordable lunch. The owner was working and was real cool to talk to, real friendly and knew what he was doing.

I'm real happy there's an independent deli/market this great so close to my house. Deer Valley needs more places like this, and we all need to support them so they thrive. I will for sure be giving Z's some repeat business!
Went in here for lunch for the first time the other day. Just thinking about it makes me want to go back today... and write a review. So let's cut to the chase: the sandwitches and coffee are great. The service is personal - by the owner. But what makes this place stand out is the attention to detail. Meaning, the ingredients they use: fine fresh bread, imported coffee, quality prosciutto and other deli cuts. And the extra care in the preparation of the melas and drinks. So FIVE STARS for the food and service. The location and ambiance could be better, hence the 4.
I am a fan of this place, but its not as good as it gets.  It is one of the better Chinese food buffets I have ever been to, but only because of selection.  There is something for everyone here, and the people in charge let us bring our kids in and destroy the place and they seem to love em too.  The food is good, but not the best I have ever had, but I will keep going back to this place because of the selection and how easy it is to bring the kids without feeling like you are annoying everyone!
This place is your typical chinese buffet. They have the typical entrees: general tso's chicken, sesame chicken, beef and broccoli, chow mein noodles, fried rice, crab rangoon, egg rolls, egg drop soup, blah blah. On the plus side, every trip I took to the buffet they always had a pile of hot snow crab legs, steamed clams, and shrimp cocktail. At most chinese buffets you are waiting for them to refill these seafood items, but here they are always full. If your in the mood for seafood, and not chinese, you can come here and be satisfied.
I've really been in the mood for buffets lately, maybe it's hormones.  Anyway, this is a solid chinese/mongolian/sushi buffet that feels cleaner and somewhat fresher than many I've tried.  I actually avoid the regular chinese dishes which tend to be greasier and heavier that what I like.  For this place, I stick to the food that I can't get just anywhere including the oysters w/ jalepenos, peel and eat shrimp, cucumber salad, marinated calamari and a variety other interesting, not so common items like little dough balls filled with seaweed which are awesome, but I'm not sure what they're called.  Some of the standard appetizers are very good as well including the spring rolls and potstickers.  Actually, nothing I've tried here has not been good.  The hot and sour and egg drop soups are both very solid.  

As far as the sushi selection, for an all you can eat buffet at $7.49 for lunch M-Sat, you cannot beat it.  There are at least 8-10 different types of rolls, nothing that will knock your socks off or compete with high end sushi joints, but very good for the money.  I've been getting a 15% off coupon in the mail every couple weeks, so with tax it's $6.89.  The service is always attentive and friendly.
This big, modern place features about 117 food choices, plus condiments!  This made for a great salad plate, with things like bow-tie seaweed that was so tasty it seemed to have just been harvested.  Then, there were lots of different veggies at the Mongolian Barbecue, four kinds of meat, including shrimp, & it was terrific!

Everything else was good, too, & there were high value treats such as Chinese Snow Peas fixed three different ways, big asparagus spears, cooked just to the right tenderness from top to bottom, various shrimp, crab, & fish dishes, & so on.

They have signs bragging, "We're one of the Top 100 Chinese Restaurants in America."  Could be!    :-))

Lunch Buffet is $7.49 on Mon-Sat.  Yum!
Yup I drove all the way across town to have dinner with some friends tonight and yup it was worth it. You really do have tons of options to choose from. I mean they had crab legs, chinese bbq ribs, Mongolian bbq, steamed asparagus, green beans, orange chicken, crab won-tons, you name it. I am licking my lips as I type, remembering all the yummy food that I had. 

The young lady that was taking care of us was really friendly and we all got 15% off of our meal due to the coupon that we had so double score. If you live in the area, try this place out. The food is plentiful, the staff are friendly, and the price is just right. Its a triple win situation.
I'm writing to save you so money.  My husband and I went to for dinner over an hour before closing time and were extremely disappointed.  Over half the items were empty and the ones that were there had a spoonful left.  Not one item we ate was warm/ hot.  I could forgive all that if they had the basics, but they didn't.  The food we were actually able to eat was not good at all.  I had a salad, something you would think is hard to screw up, not here.  The lettuce was completely drowned in water.  They did have a Mongolian BBQ station  for you however, it was already cleaned and this was not an option for us.  Maybe it would be better earlier but I can't imagine by much.
It's been almost 10 months since my original review of this big, lovely restaurant, so it was time to get back over here & see how they're doing.  This business enjoys the same ownership as the wonderful Jen Buffet in Chandler, so it really came as no surprise to me that it's still 5-Stars.

Lynn W. & her daughter Claire joined me today, & we feasted on the even-bigger-than-last-time selection of 127 food items, not counting sauces & dressings!  Every bite of it was delicious too, from the just-made Sushi to the Banana Cream Pie for dessert!  All the food was presented at the right temperature, all the trays were kept fresh, the service was cheerful, & the Mongolian BBQ had the same extensive selection that you see at stand along Mongolian BBQs.  The pricing is excellent too, & they don't use MSG, if you're concerned about that.  :-))

Lunch Buffet $7.49, $6.74 Sr.
Out of the Rand approved buffets I have tried so far, this one is my favorite. Claire and I met Rand here for another leisurely lunch.  We were greated and drink orders taken and off we went to inspect the spread.  There is mongolian bbq, a sushi bar, and all the standard items you would find at a chinese buffet.  Everything was hot and fresh and delisious.  The ratio of meat to veggies in the broccoli beef was great!  The coconut shrimp was not too sweet.  The orange chicken was very good as well.  The Lo Mein was wonderful with the noodles being done just right.  The fried rice has a good amount of egg and veggies as well.  And the string beans had a lovely sauce on them and some nice garlic but not too much.  Nicely done!  Egg rolls were NOT greasy and the crab rangoon was very good too.  There was a large array of fruit as well as cookies and frozen yogurt for dessert.  Service was great, drinks filled and plates cleared fast.  The restaurant was clean and comfortable.  Even when it got busy it did not feel crowded at the buffet.

The prices was very resonable and for kids under 10 you can't beat $3.99! Claire enjoyed the fried chicken wings, shrimp, and won tons.  And went back for more!  Of course she had frozen yogurt for dessert too!
Overall all I was very pleased.
This buffet is a couple blocks from my house.  My family and I decided to give it a try more for the location than for anything else.  We were all pleasantly surprised.  

The food was good and hot.  Let's face it, in the end it's buffet food so it's never gonna be gourmet, right?  But if you hold China City Super Buffet up next to it's peers, it easily stands above the crowd.  

The "sushi" (again, it's a buffet, so I didn't go with huge expectations) was good.  There is a BBQ station that was tasty.  The entree dishes were plentiful, varied and well prepared.

I read the review that mentions the servers speaking badly about the customers in Mandarin.  While I did notice that they were very hesitant to speak English with us, I did not get the sense that anyone was making derogatory remarks.  Who knows, maybe ignorance is bliss?

Bottom line, I will be back.  Probably often.  :)
Our favorite Chinese buffet in the East Valley.  We've tried most of them.  Best quality, temperature & selection. Only one better place was in Las Vegas, but not on the strip; can't remember its name. GermanGenealogistDotCom
The food actually quite nice. But the service was not really nice. It was the first time for me in there and once I took the second plate, they took my glass (they though I am finish) and forgot to put it back. When I asked, "excuse me, where is my glass?" The waiter said, "Oh, I will get a new one!" without say sorry. It was a small problem, but quite unconfortable for me to go back there.
Well another really good Chinese buffet. This place had all your typical Chinese buffet fare plus a little more.The salt and pepper shrimp were real good and they had roast beef on a stick that tasted like char broiled steak that was a little spicy (real good). Actually everything I ate was pretty good the only thing that stops me from giving them five stars is the dessert selection was a little weak, But other than that everything is good (Yay I am a fan).
Rand H, Mike C, Robyn N and myself went out for lunch at the usual time just around 11 o'clock. Just a few short minutes after we arrived and were seated a senior group poured in about 40 of them. We quickly made our way to the serving area. Almost everything I tasted I liked. Their sushi bar was nothing like Pacific seafood buffet but the sushi that they did have was good. I had a little bit of the Mongolian BBQ hand-picked by myself and cooked by their chef and it was good. My only complaint other than the fact that the sushi selection was rather small, was one of their entrées at the Key West chicken meatballs on a skewer, was kind of bland. But everything else was very good help is friendly but very busy and they had it together enough that I give them four stars. That's all!
THIS PLACE WAS SO AMAZING! :) I'VE BEEN TO ABOUT 100 DIFFERENT CHINESE BUFFETS BUT THIS ONE IS SO GREAT.. THEY HAVE SO MANY DIFFERENT SELECTIONS I DIDNT EVNE MAKE MY WAY ALL AROUND :) THEY HAVE crab legs there and they are so good.. they had so much meat in them more than red lobster. & all the people were nice.. and my 1 year old ate everything i gave her from there and loved it. SUch a great place.. im deffinatly going back. :) -Paige.18 Mesa,az
Great buffet, sushi,  crab, honey walnut shrimp etc. Variety to choose from. 5 stars if it had better desserts.
Sigh.... I despise giving restaurants only 1 star.  Ai-yah!  Is what my mother would say.  I feel like it's starting to become a cliché for Chinese cuisine.  Name of restaurants must have the following words -- Super, Best, Jumbo, Grand, etc...you get the point (watch South Park episode 128 - "City Buffet").  Food was okay but nothing I couldn't have bought in a package and just added water.  I guess most Gwy-lo's wouldn't know the difference since it was a packed house.  Our service I must admit was excellent -- drinks filled and plates removed (Shi Shi!)  Ambience was nothing to talk about -- matter of fact I don't want to talk about it at all - Enjoy!
I ate at this place for the first time and OMG! I seriously cannot see how anyone can give this place a good review. I walked in and no one acknowledged our existence. 3 women were standing there and did not even look up or say hello. We ate there anyways after finally getting a seat. The buffet food was horrible! All of the meat dishes were gross regardless of what it was. It didn't even look like meat. The chicken, the BBQ, the roast beef (very rubbery), and even the fish was gross. After the first sample plate I decided to eat only the vegetables and that too did not have flavor.  The spring rolls were bad and the ice cream was even bad. How can you mess up on serving decent ice cream? 
Ok... There is also a sign that they have up that says " 20% fee for anyone that wastes food". I don't waste food but I guess you have to do what you have to do.  
 All of the employees there seemed pissed off and no one smiled at all. It was just not a place that has any respect and I felt that could care less if we came back. So with that being said- I do not recommend anyone eating here. 

I really hate writing bad reviews but I am only stating the facts here.
I am frightened to endorse any Chinese Buffet since I know many are two stars better or MOST likely worse the next visit but this one was maybe close to four stars the day I was there for the kind of food it is and I most likely won't visit this one again since I  don't go to this area often.

But the day we were there they has little mini kabobs and they were decent....not like like awesome gourmet but like your neighbor made them for you,beef ,chicken meatballs and really good red snapper that was tasty and impressive moist and seasoned tasty. They had some dark meat chicken that was moist and flavorful it was rolled and roasted in it's skin with salt and pepper...I guess what really impressed me was that everything did taste different and wasn't a bottled sauce like the one major Buffet that I think might use bottled sauce. vegetable dishes I sampled were good lightly sauced not oily or overly sweet.

They had less sushi and the desserts than other places but.. they were OK and fresh and well kept.

Over all I have to say this place was better than the majority Chinese buffets I've been too.

Service was very good. But I am frightened to endorse since I know they change like the wind here. (or the Great Haboobs)
This was quite bad. Do yourself a fbir ad drive an extra 5 miles to Signal Butte and the 60 if you must have crappy buffet food. At least that place is decent.
We arrived suitably hungry and were not displeased by the offerings that we found.  
This is not a sushi restaurant, so don't expect the best in town, but the sushi was adequate.
Everything else that we tried was very tasty and well prepared.  Hot items were hot enough. Beef and pork items were not overcooked to shoeleather toughness which is not uncommon in buffets. It's all good. 
 
My only criticism is the crayfish that was served cold. When cold they are hard to eat properly. Twist the head off and the tail meat was almost impossible to dig out of the shell rather than sliding right out. (These folks have never been to Louisiana.)   Oh, skip the fake ice cream too.

All in all, the meal was filling and delicious with more choices than we could try.  The help was efficient but silent, with not much to say other than hollering at each other in Chinese when it got busy. I was amused.
We shall be going back again.
I went today for first time. Sat quickly, waited 15 minutes for water and sodas. Most of the food was barely warm, apple pie dough not cooked enough, shushi was ok, fried chicken good, crispy and hot. Noodles cold, deserts inimpressive, waitress never came by to ask if we needed anything, to busy chatting with each other. Didn't see any noodle-vegetable-meat combos. Broccoli by itself, chicken by itself, pork by itself, cold noodles by their self, etc. Could've used some Mongolian Beef or Chicken, Moo Goo Gai Pan, Pepper Steak, etc. They did have Snow Crab but they aren't worth the work. The Spring rolls were great. Sunday (today) was $12.50 a person, drink extra. Probably will not return.
Not a bad place all things considered, especially the price, they have beer specials often, the kalbi, and garlic bread are good.
Not bad. Place was also pretty clean.
The food was okay. The service was horrible. We felt very rushed because the waitress kept coming back to take our plates and the last time was before one of us had finished our food. It was 9:35 and the waitress came to collect our money for the bill without even asking nicely. She said they needed to close out the till. How rude! Won't be going back.
Will not return. Our food was cold, didn't taste good & service was not friendly.
After several visits to this China City I have to say that I still enjoy the place, & nothing is wrong except that I find the dining room layout just a bit uncomfortable compared to those of my favorite Chinese Buffets, so I'm going to lower them to 4 Stars.  With that said, I still think they're putting on an excellent Buffet here, & it's just me!     :-)
I had an enjoyable visit to the resturant because I was with great company.  This buffet has a large variety of food, some good, some not so good.  

I would have kicked in another star but the odor from the restroom wafted into the dinning area.
Good buffet, all you can eat style restaurant. good variety of sea food, and some sushi, although i didn't eat any, my brother said it was good. good place to go for the price.
We were craving chinese and sushi so we decided to go to here at 8:45pm. Bad idea. There was no sushi left. The cook and the manager were standing by the bar so I asked them if they had any left. They said something in chinese and pointed to what I believe was the server. I found out they close at 9:30pm. What was left was very little options and very picked by the other customers. There were little spoonfuls of food left and what was left was cold. They did bring me white rice when I found out they were out of it. The fried shrimp was greasy. Many food options were gone and the hot plates were already cleaned out. Before paying my $27.36 I told the cashier to please relay to the management I was dissappointed there was no sushi and that the food that was remaining was cold. She did not seem to care. I see that this lesson to not return cost me $27.36. Its a shame too because I live around the corner from here. I guess I will just make the drive to Krazy Buffet the next time. Don't waste your time here. This was a Chinese food place but there was nothing Super about this buffet. 

I am net to Yelp and I never complain but this experience was bad enough that I had to voice my opinion. I see from the thread that other people had visited this same restaurant on Power Road in the evening and had a similiar bad ex[erience  with the food.  From now on, I am going to use YELP more!
I gave this place 4 stars because they have a lot of choices AND a stir fry area where  you can choose your meats and veggies and they will do it up for you the way you want it. The waitress/server we had was really freindly, I asked for tea as my beverage and was suprised she brought me my own kettle! So I didnt have to keep asking for more. The food was well cooked and didnt have any problems with it. 
The Restaurant itself was clean and smelled nice.Good selectionof food, 
I have eaten at alot of Buffetts and this place had the largest selection of sushi. They must have had about 9 diffrent sushi's available. They also had Ginger on the side.
For a cheap price and lots of choices, this place good.
It has been awhile since I have been to a good buffet. The people were very friendly and very attentive to my plates and my drink. They had a very wide variety to choose from when it came to hot and cold foods. The food was tasty but most of all the restaurant was very clean. They had a very nice sushi bar to choose from and the price was not bad at all. You can't go wrong if you are in the mood for some Chinese food. I think you will enjoy your experience.
Went here for the first time and had a good experience. They were very busy on a Wednesday night, which is always a good sign. The restaurant was very clean and the servers were johnny-on-the-spot and friendly. Lots of good, basic oriental food, clearly labeled and very plentiful in gleaming steam tables. Fresh sushi, a mongolian BBQ-type area, salad bar and wide variety of desserts. I got hot green tea for my beverage and was very pleased that it was strong, authentic and organic (I'm kind of a tea aficionado so I can tell.) The only sort of negative thing I can say was that some of the hot food was very hot but some of it was not so much. However, it was turning over so fast that it wasn't sitting around for very long, so I wasn't too worried about it. They charge just $10.99 for adults at dinner and I probably ate $20 worth of sushi alone, so I'd say it was a pretty good value. I will be going back.
This has become my go-to place for a buffet in the East Valley as the quality and variety is top of the line for the price ($13/person if I remember correctly)... They have crab legs, custom sushi bar, mongo. grill, etc...
Its a chinese buffet, the mongolian was not good imo but I have been to very good Mongolian restaurants. the sushi while not great its not that bad. and they do have some good entries in the buffet.
This place has a very large selection of food to choose from. It was very tasty and flavorful, especially the Pot stickers and walnut shrimp. I went for lunch with my two sons and it cost us $30, so the price wasn't bad at all.I'm planning on going back again another day for dinner because that's when they put the crab legs out. Only thing that annoyed me was the waitresses coming by every five minutes asking if everything was alright. I don't mind them checking on us but it was a bit too much, I like to be able to eat in peace, other than that this place was nice.....
This Place is a disgrace Never come here again 
look at what i found in the soup 
a ROACH!!!!
The food is very good. They make the sushi right in front of you. The prices are reasonable. I like the stir fry grill. You pick out a plate of items from the buffet table and they stir fry them for you. It's like having your own personal stir fry. There is a large selection of food to choose from. This is my favorite Chinese restaurant
Well, I'm not a fan of buffets in general and certainly not Chinese food buffets as they tend to be overly greasy and laden with MSG. Even though this place certainly wasn't fine dining, it was pretty good food as far as buffets go. They had a decent variety of entree items. Some did not look appetizing to me but the ones I tried fortunately were all a-ok. My personal favorite was the shumai (but aren't those always good?)
For a Chinese buffet, this place is great.
Finally got back around to this rather distant (for me) Buffet to see how they're doing, this time joined by Robyn N.  Here's what it was like today:

*  Cheerful, friendly staff.

*  Generous selection of 117 food items, plus sauces & dressings.


Some of my favorite items today were:

*  Delicious Hot & Sour Soup!

*  Unusual selection of tasty Sushi.

*  Two different kinds of seaweed, both good.

*  Good Mongolian BBQ with beef, chicken, pork & shrimp.

*  Rather wide selection of tasty seafood.

*  The food taste and temperature, room ambiance, temperature, lighting, acoustics & so on were all excellent today and made this lunch outing lots of fun!     :-))

Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet:  $7.99/$7.19 Sr.
Nice friendly staff...too bad the FOOD was the worst that I have had in a while.  The food was cold and the spicy shrimp still had the nasty vein still in EACH shrimp.  I cannot believe they served the shrimp with such obvious dark veined UNCLEAN shrimp...sorry, it needed to be repeated.  There was not one dish that I enjoyed, except maybe the watermelon.  It was such a disappointment, especially since we were charged $8.50 for lunch.  Not that that is an outrageous amount, but you would think they would serve some hot food and  food that was at least edible.  Even my crab puffs where cold and not at all appetizing.  I can imagine they had to raise the prices because they have lost customers due to the food and it's lack of edibility (LOL, I know, it's a new form of word usage).  I tried each chicken dish, the Orange Chicken, no good...the Spicy Shrimp, already said...the General  Tsao's Chicken, no good...Coconut Shrimp, cold, cold, cold...not very tasty either...the Fried Fish, not good...looked like mystery fish, the tarter was no good...Chicken  Wings, dry and cold.  I had at least a taste of over ten (10) dishes, they were all cold and I did not enjoy one of them  I might have had something nice to say about the green beans but they were too cold to judge.  

I would advise you to not go here, I suggest Linn's on Baseline and 40th.  Much better and worth the cost.
I usually frequent this restaurant a lot.  It's usually good to alright but I just had a bad experience this time.  First, they cater to the old farts that come into town.  I mean, their food is catered to the Snowbirds which is crab legs, shrimp, not too much in other food choices.  I am usually ok with that but this time it was sub par.  They didn't have wontons in the Wonton Soup when we asked they took 10 minutes to put some out.  The peel and eat shrimp were black on the edges like they overcooked them.  My husband usually gets Sweet and Sour Chicken.  They didn't have that.  Oh yes!  He had butter shrimp and got sick!  When we complained to the waitress or whatever you are going to call her since it was a buffet, she started laughing at me.  I didn't want my meal for free, but I wanted to tell her to get the manager over, but she didn't get the hint.  

Don't get me wrong, this might have been a bad night because I've been there several times and the food was excellent.  It was a crowded Friday night, but for the 2 of us, it cost $26.00 for crap!  I might never go there again!  See ya China City!  Stop Catering to the old farts that come into town for a couple of months and start catering to your real customers that come all year round!
One of the best buffet in east mesa. My kids love it. Reasonable price for everyone. I would recommend this place.
One of the one times I'm glad I saved a coupon from my Valpak in the mail, got a 15% coupon off the dine in buffet! On the weekends dinner is $12.49 and with the coupon we only ended up paying$11.72 tax included! My hubby didn't eat cuz he doesn't like Chinese but I was happy! They had sushi, Mongolian and Chinese, also a small section of American food. The waitresses are very nice and was always checking on us! 

You pay after you eat, which is new to me because most places make you pay first. Also just a warning make sure you eat all your food because they charge you 20% extra on your bill if you waste food! Overall was a good dinner experience, taking away a star for having to tell the buffet refreshers twice that they needed to bring out more crab legs lol.
Very standard as far as buffets go. With a good seafood selection, sushi and respectable dishes (keeping in mind that Mesa is not the culinary Center of United States) I think everyone can put this on their list of "okay" places to eat.
Food was excellent! The servers stayed up on keeping our drinks filled up! Only problem I have with this place is sometimes their food was mis labeled. It would say sesame chicken but it was Mongolian beef. So they could get better at this. Other then that, it's a must try Buffett!
I have lived near China City for years, but had never gone, I finally went with friends last night. I LOVED the egg drop soup, I would say it is the best I have ever had! The spring rolls were also very yummy!! As with any buffet there are going to be some things that just look gross and I found that here too. I thought the price was reasonable for the amount of selection they had. I thought the interior was also a little nicer than I would have expected. I'm a vegetarian, so I can't comment on any of the seafood or other meat they had. They did have a sign that a 20% charge would be added to your bill for wasted food. I have no idea what they consider wasted though. Sometimes you try something and you just don't like it. I guess my suggestion would be to take small portions until you know if you are going to like it.
love this buffet. Best Chinese buffet I've been to since moving to AZ
The food was pretty good overall but if you are going there to have oysters don't do it. My wife and I had the oysters last Friday night, and we were sicker than a dog on Saturday and Sunday.
I have been there once. The reason I went was because we received a flyer from them claiming to be the best and cleanest restaurant/buffet in the valley. When we got there and were seated it was anything but. We sat right under an air vent that was caked in dust and was falling all over our food. Oh and then there is the food which is slightly worse that the décor. The food was not at legal temperature for human consumption. Some dishes like the orange chicken were even cool to the touch.
A superb little restaurant off the beaten path. There are 10 tables, seemingly two people running the front side and apparently someone doing the cooking. I've eaten at this restaurant several times for lunch.  The lunch crowd comes from the wide amount of white-collar businesses in the area, including the healthcare place across the street. At its busiest, the service is still remarkable. The other day, the two people running the front were actually RUNNING to keep the service as best they can.  Holy cow! My iced tea glass, even then, was never empty for more than a few minutes. And what wonderfully-strong iced tea it was! Lunch specials reasonably priced under ten dollars and FANTASTIC flavors! Pad Thai, Red Curry Chicken, Yellow Curry Chicken, Spicy Chili Mint Chicken, and a large assortment of larger entrees on the menu. Did I mention those two people were RUNNING to keep up? Holy cow. I actually hesitate to even review this place and keep it to myself, but it is so very hard to find a restaurant (especially at lunch time) with staff that actually CARE. The decor is mediocre, and it is clearly a store-front hole-in-the-wall place, but this restaurant stands out for its selection of food, price value, and service. RUNNING, I tell you. Aerobically moving so fast to deliver food and refill water glasses and take new orders and .... THEY WERE RUNNING! Holy cow. Outstanding experience for me every time.
THEY WERE RUNNING! Superb service, superb price, superb quality. And running, I tell you, to keep the service up taking orders and refilling drinks and settling checks and serving food.  Holy cow. I dropped in for lunch earlier this week again, and everything was exactly like I said in my initial review. This place is a joy for me every time. Wow. Holy cow. Incredible.
OK LETS FACE IT WHERE THE HELL IS THE LOVE FOR SAKUN THAI?????? THIS PLACE BLOWS EVERY OTHER PLACE IN TOWN AWAY!! (except lotus) The service actually good which means the best service of all time in a thai restaurant. we all know they have the worst service ever even lotus has the worst service of anywhere i go.  the best brown rice of all time. everything here is very good the curry's have lots of flavor. definitely go here if your in the area and they do very efficient take out. This place needs way more recognition among some of the awful thai restaurants around vegas. Archi's being one of them
Meh, their Thai was good, but way too much Chinese stuff on their menu.  I go during lunch, and the service can be a bit slow then.  Decor is about on par for other Thai strip mall joints.
If you like Thai cuisine, you owe it to yourself to try this place. We order lunch from here once a week at the office. Great food and service. I especially like the Lunch Specials, and for me the Spicy Mint Chicken (spicy levels 1-10 - but I order a 20) is the bomb. In store service is great with friendly staff. Try it out and say 'Number One' recommended you.
Fantastic Flavors, service, and price! I am no stranger to settling for mediocre food at a moment of weakness onset by the growls of one's insides, however what was to be a quick bite at a unremarkable strip mall turned out to be a pleasant surprise!  It seems nowadays if an Asian restaurant can pull off a half way decent "orange-Meat o'choice" dish  that they can float by in the world of economic Asian cuisine. I exhaustively disagree (despite how much I may love crunchy deep fried tidbits of meat drowned in sticky sweet sauce) and Sakun Thai is a perfect example of what I would like to expect from such a restaurant. 

The food was flavorful and packed with great fresh ingredients. I was most surprised by the Hot and Sour soup which was full of great bits of vegetables, mushrooms, and a small kick of chili heat. There's some love that went into making the soup and you can taste it! I was in for lunch so the rest of the lunch special came with an egg roll and crispy wonton which were nothing to "Yelp" about, however the red curry was exactly what I hoped for. Nothing fancy, just done right, with the heat level I asked for. The red curry primarily contained chicken and bamboo shoots which I ate over rice and enjoyed thoroughly. 

If you are looking for casual Asian dining, friendly service, good prices (between $6-10/per person), and most importantly flavorful food, check out Sakun Thai.
Wow! Amazing! The Best Thai food in Las Vegas! Great food and friendly service.
This was a surprising find. BF took me here when we were on this part of town for a job interview I had. He told me it was a staple spot for his buddy who lived nearby. 

Not much to look at, definitely hole in the wall in an old shopping center, but very solid offerings. Best hole in the walls are like that though- no ambiance, but c'mon it's about the food. 

BF wanted his favorite ground chicken with thai basil. I saw a special on the board that made me happy- smoked milkfish with a mango salad. His Thai Basil was yummy, but this was all about the fish for me that day. That was a might tasty special with a nice blend of the smokey taste to the fish with the fresh sour, sweet of the mango salad. MMM loved every bit and it was a big fish so I had some leftover for lunch. I don't see this on other Thai restaurants menu and would love to come back when they have this. It's very similar to something Filipinos normally eat except the smoked fish is also fried up to a crisp. 

We have also stopped in for takeout and have gotten delivery at my BF's friends place. Gotten eggrolls, satay, more chicken thai basil, chicken panang, pad see ew and everything has been delicious.

 It definitely is one of the better Thai places in Vegas and a solid spot to drop in if you're on that side of town.
I recently started working in an office near Sakun Thai when I travel to Las Vegas. I have yet to eat in the restaurant but I have ordered delivery twice and both times was pleasantly surprised. They are true to their spicing scale for sure. I have thai at least once per week when at home or on the road and Sakun Thai has jumped to close to the top of my list of favorites. The Pad Thai was good but the Panaeng Curry was to die for. I love that they have brown rice (I haven't found many thai restaurants that do) and it was delicious with the Curry. I look forward to sampling the various other items on the menu!
I've been working at the same place for years. I'm not sure why I've never bothered to try Sakun before. I finally did today.

I usually go for lunch specials, but I really wanted to sample their Panang Curry. I ordered a Chicken Panang. It comes with a small to-go box of rice, which is nowhere near enough for me. Actually, the serving of rice is fine except for the fact that the Panang helping is huge!

The verdict? It was pretty good. I am constantly searching for Panang in Vegas that comes even close to Archi's Thai Kitchen. I have yet to find it. Still, Sakun Thai is a good find. It's close to work and serves up good Thai food (based on my heretofore one dish experience).

I'll be back to try more.
I have been going to Sakun Thai ever since it was open. I have gone to Thailand and this is the closest to authentic Thai food your going to get in Las Vegas short of flying to Thailand. One of my favorite dishes is the Steamed Catfish Delight. I like it nuclear but you can get it from 1 to 10 in heat level. Great food at a great price.
We live right down the street and love thai food, but for some reason, I never noticed Sakun Thai. Maybe it's because it's located in a strip mall behind a liquor store?? Of course, I have learned the lesson that all good Thai food is served in a random strip mall, and Sakun Thai is no exception. We had the egg rolls, green curry, and mongolian beef. All were good, but I really loved the curry. The dinner portions are huge and prices are reasonable. I did happen to see on the menu that they have a great lunch special - choice of entrees, salad, egg roll, and drink for like $6. The decor inside is your average strip-mall Thai restaurant. Minus one star, though, for not serving alcohol (where's my Singha??).
It's the best Thai restaurant in town! Tiny place, both times we've been there we were the only table for most of our meal. But don't let that fool you! Staff is friendly and attentive, dining room is clean, and the food is great. They don't dull down the spice for the white people either. I ordered an 8 on a scale of 10, and it was plenty spicy.
I ordered the vegetable pad thai with tofu.  I asked for extra peanuts and green onion but didn't see any, it probably sounded like I said No peanuts or green onion.  It was good even without, though it wasn't the best I've had, it was still good.  I liked the amount of vegetable and noodle.  I was most impressed with the tofu.  I don't like when I get tofu thats fried so much it has a weird texture, almost dry yet chewy in a bad way and the inside is almost hollow.  Sakun's tofu had a slightly crispy outside and still looked and tasted like good tofu.This was an unexpected happy surprise.  Their portions are large and could feed two people, or one hungry krystal.

My co-workers had the green curry and panang curry, both veg with tofu and they said it was great.  

I'm not sure if I'll have the pad thai again, but I would like to try the curry.  I will definitely come back here.
I had the tofu green curry with no fish sauce or green bell pepper at a medium spice with brown rice. 

There was a good amount of tofu and veg and nice flavors. I did find one slice of green bell pepper.  The brown rice is a good, healthy option. The medium is spicy, next time i will order mild.

This place is great for pick up or dining in, but pricey for delivery. I spent $20 on lunch, the curry was $10+$3 dollar delivery charge and a tip.

I'm having the leftovers for lunch today with some sesame kale i got from the market this morning. 

If you like thai food this is a good place to get it in the southeast.
After work I had a craving for something that had tons of veggies and spicyness.  What else would would be better than Thai?  Since I live right down the road, I pass this place every day and finally decided to stop in.

I've found that the tiny, hole in the wall, "ma & pa" eateries usually have the most authentic cuisine, and Sakun Thai holds true to this.  I ordered the Papaya Salad ($7.95), and Spicy Eggplant w/Jumbo Shrimp ($9.95).  

The Papaya Salad comprised of your standard ingredients and had a good flavor.  Only thing I didn't like about it were the tiny tiny tiny shrimp mixed in.  They were so small, only about a half inch in total length, so I'm not sure if they were shrimp or brine (lol), but they were somewhat hard and very fishy tasting.  I picked these out.  After spitting them out that is.

The Spicy Eggplant w/Jumbo Shrimp was flavorful.  It was comprised of shrimp, eggplant, sweet basil, chili, onion & bell pepper.  They didn't skimp on the amount of shrimp or eggplant, and these shrimp were a lot better than the midget shrimp described above.

I could have ordered one or the other since the portions were larger than I expected, and I still would have had left overs.  I got a #7 spice level and still added some myself, next time I'll be going with an 8 or 9.  That's only because I like super spicy.  I had my order to go but the service was still great.  Gina, who I believe is the owner, was very cheerful and we had great conversation while my order was being prepared.

Since the food, pricing, location and service was good, this will probably be one of my regular stops when I need to satisfy a spice craving.  I actually liked this place better than Lotus of Siam (which I think is WAY overrrated).
It's this little hole-in-the-wall spot serving home-cooked meals! Perfect for cheap $5 lunch during the weekdays and perfect for week nights with the fam-a-lam. 

Their Pad Thai is one of the best I've tasted, for reals! Their Green Curry is so good, I always order it everytime I come back just make sure you don't go ballsy on the "spice" level, they don't mess around. Ask for a level 2 out of 10 and you'll get a 11! LOL 

Overall this spot is too hard for the f'n radio. This is on my top 10 in Vegas! Oh and don't sleep on dessert, go order the Mango Sticky Rice!
Another one of those little hole in the wall places. And you know what that means, it is the most authentic you can get.

I have been around this area for so long because I have family and friends whom live in this neighborhood and never paid any attention to this place. This restaurant was suggested so we all decided to come here.

This is another restaurant that you shouldn't judge from the outside appearance! 

I ordered the chicken Pad Thai lunch special (only $6.50) comes with soup and spring roll. 

Pad Thai- very flavorful with lots of sauce. I enjoyed it and was very pleased. I can't really complain, except that I thought it was a little more saucy than I'm use to. However, I think that's the real way it's suppose to be. 

The decor was very mom and pop-ish and there was plenty of people eating while we had our lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. 

I definitely recommend this place if you're ever in the area.
I'm giving them four starts because I've only been to this place one and got to taste one dish... which was Pad Thai lunch special.
All lunch specials come with an egg roll, white/fried rice, and a bowl of soup. You get to choose spicy level from 1 to 10 for your Pad Thai. I chose 7 and it was not too spicy, just about what I imagined spicy level 7 to be. Overall, I liked the food and service. The ambiance was okay, as it is a very local friendly place and a casual dining place.
Fabulous! This was a yelp find for us. A total gem. Gina was great to us and the food was incredible. WAY underpriced for what you get. We had mixed veg tofu & yellow curry chicken. Both came with rice, soup, a fried wonton, a small egg roll! For $6.50. We're touring and hope to return tmorrow before heading south.
Fast, Cheap, and delicious!
Their stuffed chicken wings are the bomb!  It's all about their cucumber & onion sauce - so vinegary-good!  

I like spicy food, but beware, the spice here can be pretty strong.  I had their pad see ew twice, the first time was not good due to the spice level.  The second time it was awesome.  Their yellow curry is also great.
I really enjoy this place. The food is great and spicy and the lady working there is so friendly and remembered who I was when I went in the second time. I like that.

The red curry with tofu was so delicious. Lots of flavor and spice. The green curry, chicken chili mint and pad thai are also fantastic. Try the lemon thai iced tea. Refreshing and yummy. It comes with lemon and without condensed milk. I get it every time.

A big plus for me is the offering of brown instead of white rice. And their brown rice is cooked perfectly with a little black rice also mixed in.

Great spot for lunch but it does get busy and sometimes the service can be slow because of that.
Love it!! 
We just started eating here and have never had a bad experience or bad meal here. 
They ask you "on a scale of 1 to 10 how spicy you want it" ? 
I'm glad they asked, because I want a 7 , not a 5 and not a 10 ..... usually everyone else is somewhere in between. 
The staff is as wonderful as their Thai Tea. They are just warm genuine people that take pride in the food the prepare and the service they give. 
My favorites are the pad Thai and the spicy fried rice. 
Awesome lunch specials that are $6.50 a plate between 11am-3pm. 

Wish I had more to say , but "please believe" its worth checking out!
I ate here when they first opened up and was impressed and kept coming back.  I don't live close by any more but I still order and take out when I get a chance. We would take friends here if they wanted Thai food. They were also impressed.  Every time I get a craving for Thai food this is the first place I think of.  Favorite dishes: Spicy eggplant at level 7, Pad See Ew, stufffed chicken wings, chicken satay.  I haven't tried their Chinese stuff but I'm sure it won't disappoint.  This is a true "hole in the wall" mom an pop outfit and it's great.  They are behind the Circle K (formerly Jays Market) on the SW corner of Warms Springs and Spencer about a mile and a half heading east on Warm Springs off the 215 eastbound.
Little hole-in-the-wall place but great on price and flavor.

I ordered Tofu Pad See Ew with extra chinese broccoli. It was good but just a tad too sweet.

Co-workers ordered lunch pad thai (which I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this because I usually don't like pad thai) and I really enjoyed the purple rice she opted to have. Good flavor and cooked perfectly. For the price and everything that came with it, it's a killer deal.

Sad to know they'll be doing renovations for the next month and I won't be able to eat there, but it's good to hear they're expanding! Must mean the business and the food is good! A must try!
I dont write long reviews but WOWWWWW this is by far the most legite thai food ive had since being in thailand. BOMB.com Our food was amaing.
I finally tried this place for the first time in the beginning or Aug '11. well more like i was trying to find a spot to eat. Read the review about this place and decided to give it a try. yes its a hole in a wall joint but damn i enjoy the food over here. better than some other thai joints i have ate in Vegas. customer service was great too. 

Can wait to go back ... that weekend i was there was their final day to be open. They are closing down to expand their resturant!!! So they told me they wont be opening up again in a month or two!
I really enjoyed this restaurant and I have NEVER had a problem...until today. I ordered the Beef Jerkey and found that it was pork. They were awesome said bring it back we will make you a new one. Okay fine. Then the new one is chicken. I am Thai so I know what this is supposed to be. The guy straight up tries to tell me that it's beef. He also refuses to give me my money back for something they clearly cannot get right. I will NEVER eat here again.
Had the lunch Pad Thai special and beef jerky and sticky rice. The food was great and the service was nice.
Very Nice.  I will go back.

I have recently been trying Vietnamese and Thai food, which I generally don't eat very much of even though I have traveled to these countries and been around the food.

For Thai food, I liked this place and will go back for sure.

1.  Ambiance - Odd, small strip mall, easy parking.  Inside, many tables and plenty of seating options. Typical chair and table or booth setting.  Very basic clean and utilitarian setting. 

2.  Service - We went at 11:30 and there were not too many people. Staff was friendly and super attentive.   Ready to give us recommendations or suggestions as we are still quite the novice.

3.  Food

Tom Yam Soup (Seafood) - Ordered 5/10 spicy and it had a very nice kick.  Plenty of shrimp and the flavor was very subtle.

Penang Curry (Chicken) - Ordered 8 / 10 spicy.  Very nice, flavorful and doesn't burn the mouth. This was very enjoyable.

Pad Thai (Chicken) Ordered 5/10 spicy and it was just right mix as some of our dining colleagues do not enjoy too much spice.

Eggplant (Ground Pork)  - Ordered 5/10 spicy.  The eggplant is not something I normally order, yet it was very tender, very nice texture and ordering ground pork on it instead of sliced beef or etc makes it just right.

Rice - We ordered regular rice since the sauces seem to get absorbed by the rice anyway, and it doesn't seem right to use Fried Rice to absorb the other flavors. Decent portions and they give you more if you ask.

GK Says to check it out!
After spending the weekend eating high end casino restaurant food, we were in the mood for something different.  I yelped the nearest Thai food to us (coming back from the golf course).  We tried this place and are so glad we did.  The restaurant is in a little strip mall so ambiance is not the reason for coming here.  Our food on the other hand, was outstanding.  I ordered a noodle dish (I don't want to lie about the name) with glass noodles, chicken, and veggies.  The husband had chicken penang.  It was less spicy than we are used to, but the flavors were spot on.  Overall, this food was wonderful and reasonably priced.  The waitress was sweet and attentive. This was such a nice break from the Strip restaurants and extremely  close to the airport rental car return.
This is not the best Thai food  you'll ever have and it's not the worst. It's OK.

Let's rate the Pad Thai. As compared to Pin Kaow, the dish is not so good; as compared to Thai House on Maryland Parkway, Sakun's Pad Thai is far superior.

All in all I rate Sakun well below Pin Kaow, but far above Thai House, and maybe not quite as good as Satay Thai Bistro, based on food alone. The spiciness, as in most Thai restaurants is geared to American tastes, so a "10" comes in about as hot as most bottled salsas.

I will return here, mainly because it's conveniently located to where I work, and the value is good for very edible food.
Incredible food. Spicy mint chicken and massamun were absolutely delicious. Sad to say they don't offer the 20 percent off for cash anymore. Can't wait to return.
Food was made fresh to order. Chef made special gluten-free & vegan dishes that were great. Nice to find a pad Thai without fish sauce & choose my own spice level. Water glass was refilled way before empty. Wish it was closer to home but we've still gone 2 days in a row & haven't yet made it for the lunch special. Even their dinner prices are a great value.
Been meaning to make it in here for sometime.  Went with a colleague from the office.  Went in and firstly found it to have a cheerful ambience.  I would've never stopped in as it is a little strip mall and without Yelp's help I would've never tried it.

Had the lunch special Red curry chicken and chilli mint chicken.

Soup meh... Some type of tofu with veggie soup not good not bad

Spring rolls average

Chillimint chicken I ordered a spicy on a 7 from a 1-10 scale.  Had me sweating and red faced (I like it like that)  I liked this dish very much

Red Curry Chicken - (set at a spicy 5 for my colleague) It was good and enjoyed it quite a bit.

Overall I will try this more and check back in.  Good for lunch good for take-away, however not a date night place.  After I check a few more dishes for food purposes alone I would put this place as a 4 for ambiance it is marked down to a 3.

By the way service was good and friendly
Best Thai Food in Vegas! Owners are so friendly and Food is always great! They just need to get their liquor license to serve beer and wine :-)
Do not order delivery!!!! Ridiculous!! They sent out menus to I'm assuming nearby areas 2 wks ago. We decided to try, they don't understand english!!!! And they got upset and switch callers on me ( all speak broken English) to correct the order! It's as simple as removing 1 item that we didn't order but they charged!!! Then the prices on the newly mailed out menus are a dollar or 2 off!!
Sakun Thai is the only Thai restaurant our family orders from! The staff is amazing and so kind! They make sure to cater to every need we have. Their food is authentic as the owners are from Thailand themselves! This would explain the broken English, but we have never had an issue with our orders. A little patience on both ends of the phone goes a long way! I would highly recommend sakun Thai to everyone!  Keep up the good work, outstanding service and delicious food!!!!
Well this is my first less than flattering review. I bought some soup and it had large noodles that seemed to be the ones that stick to the top of the pot when you boil them, It wasn't cooked, it was still hard. But the cook didn't care. Well I do. 4 times I have been there and 4 times a problem. They need a cook that cares, because when she saw the uncooked noodle and served it to me, She mush have thought It didn't matter. well it did. Not a very good place to eat. They need to get rid of cooks that are not into their work. No wonder when I drive by it's usually empty tables. Sorry to have to communicate this, I tried and gave the benefit of the doubt. But after 4 fails. I won't be coming back. And get rid of the guy with the baseball cap and dirty t shirt hanging around the kitchen, that doesn't look good to a customer.
My hubby and I are Thai food fanatics and we both attest that this is THE BEST Thai food in the area; we have one or more of our "staples" delivered on a near-weekly basis:

Pineapple Duck Curry
Vegetable Fried rice (brown rice!)
Tom Yum soup
Panang Curry
Beef Lard Na

I agree the curry is watery but its THICK on flavor, veggies and meat which is preferable to the skimpy pieces here and there served at... other places. And besides, isn't that what the rice is for - to soak up all that spicy goodness?

The Tom Yum (spicy 4) is the most authentic and addictive in town; and again, full of meat and veggies.

Portions are GENEROUS for the aforementioned items; we receive so much fried rice that it lasts for not 1, not 2 but THREE meals!  I do think more noodles should be provided for the Lard Na but only because the gravy / meat / veggie portion is so generous (which is a good thing). 

And did I mention they serve BROWN rice?! And not the gross dry brown rice, but yummy, filling, unique brown (almost black) rice!
This was my first experience with Thai food and I have to say I am very disappointed. 

Originally I had high hopes since the decor was very airy and light and there was a lot of customers. 

The soup was not bad. It had a bit too much MSG and included store-bought frozen wontons but the taste was A-OK. 

However, the curry itself was too watery and extremely sweet. The amount of meat to vegetables was very disproportionate as well (however, their portions for the curry itself is very generous). I expected something much more richer and filling but I could barely get through my dish. The rice was a highlight. Nicely cooked but they do not give enough for a normal meal.

Overall this does not make me want to come back or try another Thai restaurant any time soon.
Went here last week with my bf it was right down the street from his job so we went for lunch. 

I ordered off the lunch special menu I got the Pad Thai lunch special which was 5.95 It came with an egg roll some chicken fried won ton thing and soup. The Pad Thai was pretty good I got a 7 out of 10 for spicy, I actually spit out the egg roll it was kinda nasty and I wasn't a fan of the soup or the won ton, over all the place was ok at best and in this case you definitely pay for what you get. 

I probably wont be returning to this place seeing that there are so many good Thai restaurants out there.
Ran into this place because co-worker was hungry.
The service was good very fast ... but the food was ok.
My co worker i went with is Indian and he did not care for his dish ... some curry dish.
I ordered something simple egg noodles with wonton. 
It was ok. nothing that stood out for me. Give it a try and take care of the service people ... they work really hard.
We used to eat here once a week because it was that good. The last take out a couple days ago was so disappointing, and we ordered our usual favorites: Panang Curry and Pad Woon Sen with Shrimp. Panang's taste had changed and the Pad Sen had a chewy piece of meat in it  (i ordered shrimp) and some sharp small bone-like things that almost made me puke when I spit them out. 

I used to think this place was 5 star also, but you only get 2 when you mess with people's food. *sigh* I'll give it a shot one more time, but the once a week visits are over. It'll be a few months before you see me again.

So long Sakun Thai
This place lost all of its charm and quality after the remodel. I am pretty certain it's totally new ownership as well. The chicken wing was great now it taste like deep fried chicken excrement . As u can see I used to rave about this place and eat here a few times a week. Now I go to Thai Room on Tropicana. DON'T waste your ducats on this crap. I wouldn't feed my worst enemy's dog this food.
I have searched and searched and I can't find a place that has Better roasted duck curry, it is by far the best ive ever had, EVER! The Thai beef jerky is also the best ive ever had. I ordered from here like 10 days in a row, one day I had them deliver twice, then I got embarrassed and had my boyfriend go pick it up. Ha soooooooooo goooooooood!!
My go to lunch place. Service can be hit or miss, but they try. Probably the best curry in town.
Lackluster food, unpleasant service. Otherwise, this is a fairly unremarkable establishment, after all.
Can talk only about the one item I ordered. The green curry chicken was great. Ordered it with brown rice (not fried rice) and they made a good match. I have not had the brown rice before. It reminded me of boiled wheat. Prices were very reasonable. I will definitely visit this place next time I'm in Vegas.
Looking for a place open on Labor Day for lunch, my coworker and myself ended up at Sakun Thai. We were pleasantly surprised by the size and nice decor by this very unassuming restaurant. We were seated promptly and our drink orders were taken swiftly. That's where the quick service stopped. Our drinks took a while to arrive and it took the waitress a little longer to take our orders. I decided on the massaman with pork at medium spice level. 

Once our food arrived, I was happy with the presentation. The food looked very appetizing and tasted pretty good as well. My curry was perfectly spiced, but just a little sweeter than I prefer. It tasted like there was too much coconut milk in the dish. My coworker enjoyed the sweet aspect, but I was just happy that I didn't decide to order kang kua since that would most likely be way too sweet for me. They offer brown rice as well, which I think is a good touch. 

Overall, we had a pleasant meal here but it's definitely not the best Thai food I've had in town. I'll be back since I work in the area.
Great place for great food!  Been back several times since the first.  Make sure you leave room for the Mango Sticky Rice dessert.  You will be glad you did...
Sakun Thai is one of my favourite restaurant in Henderson.I have been going to Sakun Thai for almost 5 years.Every time I go there, I've never get disppointed.The restaurant have a great variety of dishes to serve both American and Thai customers.I love their papaya salad and beef jerky.Also they make yummy Padthai  as well as Barbeque chicken.Their Pad Woon Sen with Shrimp and Tofu is also one of my favourite.The flavour and taste of the food here are quite close to the one in Thailand.

To me the  service here is excellent,the servers and the chef  do their best to make customers happy. Sometimes I am on a diet and make a special request from the restaurant, the servers and the chef always accommodate me.If you are looking for  Thai food in Henderson area I would highly recommend Sakun Thai.
Thank you to our gratuitous host John & Anna ( Thai ), and Gina. My wife and I had dinner with John & Anna on the grand reopening 02/14/2013, and though I enjoy Thai food I am not very adventurous I stick with the Curry and Pad Thai dishes.
   I deferred to John since he has experience with Thai food and let him order. We started with :

Sakun Thai egg Rolls
Chicken Sate w/ Peanut sauce
Shrimp Rolls
Shrimp Salad

All were very good

Then we had the Tom Yum Shrimp soup - very good

Orange Chicken
Spicy Catfish - outstanding
Pad Thai Chicken
White rice
Stuffed Chicken Wings - WOW
Thai spaghetti = Thank you Anna

Though our spice level was 3,4 /10 because I want to enjoy the food and not be over whelmed we could have gone to 5,6 /10. The servings are very good for 2/4 people to share
 
Do not be deceived by the unassuming outside appearance, this is a very good Thai restaurant, I just wish it were closer to where I live, but we will definitely stop there to eat when we are on that side of town. 

P'S try the Singha beer.
Sakun was closed for a couple months (new owners? not sure) and just reopened last night for Valentine's Day. Well, we did not know it was the grand reopening and just decided to stop by for an inexpensive, unassuming V-day dinner with the little one. They've expanded the dining room a little into the neighboring space and got new booths, so that's a plus, but overall, the decor is about the same as it was.
The food was still good and we went out on a limb for Thai pork sausage this time. It was a little spicy and served with ginger, peanuts, and lettuce for creating a little wrap, but the meat was a little fatty for me (but then, I find most sausage a little too fatty). My husband and daughter loved it, however, so feel free to try if you're into sausage. 
The service was friendly, but otherwise horrible. After taking our orders, a different waitress came back almost 10 minutes later to explain that they were not doing dinner specials tonight, but did we still want the same thing as entrees. Fine, yes. It took another 10 minutes to get our appetizers, but at least we had some food. It took another 15 minutes to get our entrees and even then, they only brought 2 of the 3 things we ordered. We ate those 2 for about 15 minutes before asking for the check. When the check came, I told the waitress that we never received the pad thai and could she please take it off. She passed it off to another waitress who came back a couple minutes later, saying the pad thai just came out. Um, you were really going to serve my entree over 20 minutes after my husband already got his?
I'm giving them a break on the service just this once, since it was their opening night and they seemed to have some kind of buffet set up for a large private party.
Prices are cheap (~$11 for the dinner special, if you can get it, which includes soup, rice, crab rangoon, and egg roll) and even cheaper at lunch.
The highlight of the night was the Thai karaoke that was going on when we got there, complete with disco lights on the ceiling, and was soon followed by A THAI ELVIS IMPERSONATOR! Oh yes! He played basically the entire time we were there, and our daughter got out on the little dance floor to join a couple other kids who were shaking it to "I Can't Help Falling in Love With You." 
So even though I think an unassuming thai meal like this one should take about 30 minutes to order, get the food, and eat (ours was almost 90!), I can't help but give bonus points to a place with live music, LET ALONE an Elvis impersonator.
Great place for Thai food. Nice friendly service, authentic flavors and good food. The fish cakes and Thai sausage are two of our favorite apps.
I have been here on many occasions since my initial visit here last year. I have also somehow earned the Duchess title, so I feel the need to update and upgrade this review. 

This is not my favorite Thai place in Las Vegas by a longshot, but they have solid dishes and considering how often I come here and leave feeling full and happy I think that's reason enough to give them another star. The service is solid and friendly and there are plenty of inexpensive lunch specials to keep me interested as well as a menu full of goodies. One of my favorite dishes to order here is the green curry with tofu or pork. It's flavorful and they always set the spice level exactly at what I order. Never intolerably spicy and never too bland. I have a number of other dishes from their menu and although some have been a miss, for the most part I enjoy just about everything I have tried, minus the bland soup they now serve instead of egg drop. One of my favorite things about this place is the Thai brown rice they serve instead of the regular brown most are used to. That is definitely a nice change of pace.
Yummy food. Plenty to choose from on the menu. Amazing Thai tea. Definitely recommend checking-in!
This place finally started serving beer and wine, so after a long wait, I tried this place out.  My GF had the egg drop soup, which I normally am not a fan of, Sakun's version is great!  I had 3 bowls and there was still a huge amount left in the bowl they served us.  I had the yellow chicken curry which was just OK.  The chicken itself was very bland (and I asked for spice #9), the curry sauce was good but not very spicy.  The service was very good.  

I am going to give this spot a few more chances as it is really close to my house and I love thai food.  So I am hoping the cook just had an off night in respect to his curry dish.
Adequate.  The free Thai tea for my first Yelp check-in was nice.  The panang-gai wasn't spicy at all and was a bit bland.  The rice didn't smell or taste like jasmine rice.  I'll try again and let you know.
Another Elite Emily Excursion, our usually-weekly lunch date. This time we had a hankerin' for Thai, which of course means my favorite Thai meal in the whole entire universe... sweet pineapple fried rice!

The place itself is small but cute, tucked away off of Warm Springs. And they have a Yelp offer, so make sure to check in and get that Thai Tea!

The food was not really remarkable, not terrible though. A good quantity for the price. My pineapple fried rice was good, but that's about it. Other places make the dish a really great balance of spicy and sweet, whereas here it was meh and sweet. I nommed down the whole thing though, so it mustn't have been too bad.

Service is awesome and quick, so while there may be better out there, if you're in a hurry, this is not a bad option.
I live around the corner and order delivery on the regular.  Really tasty pad thai and very convenient.  I recommend.
One of my fav's for authentic Thai food and you don't have to go to the strip. Always order the tom yum (ground chx) noodle soup from their lunch menu. Comfort food that always satisfies.
This is the best thai food in town. Staff is friendly, and  price is reasonable!
I've been traveling to Thailand for almost 20 years now,  and can speak and write some Thai.  I own a home in Thailand, and also Las Vegas.  Las Vegas has many Thai Restaurants but you won't always find Thai cooks in the back, or even cooks that are any good.

Sakun Thai is authentic Thai Food.   It's as good if not better than the many restaurants I visit on a daily basis in Bangkok.  If you want to try REAL Thai food,  with exceptionally friendly staff,  go to Sakun Thai.

They can serve some dishes not so spicy, but remember,  Thai food is best served when spicy.   So grow a pair, and sweat a little :)
I eat here several times a month. Food is great, service is prompt and the place is clean.
Amazing food and very friendly staff. Even with our 3 kids our server waited on us hand and foot.
I love this place. The ladies working there are so very sweet and accommodating. The food is very authentic with a great array of fresh herbs and spices that make Thai food so delicious. Their menu is not huge, but some of the more common dishes are a given. The prices are moderate and they have great lunch specials. I believe it is somewhere around $7 for a soup, eggroll and a choice of entree. The restaurant is clean and spacious, even though you wouldn't expect it to be either based on its location. They now serve beer and wine, although the beer list is limited to four options and they are $4 ea. I am excited to try more of their menu, because everything I have tried so far has been very delicious and a great value for the quality and quantity of food.
This place should get 6 stars!  The food is amazing and the service is very friendly.  This is a hidden gem with great prices on lunch & dinner meals.  Always a pleasure going here, don't miss it!
My family and I were visiting from Arizona and wanted thai food but didn't feel like going out, so I looked on here and found Sakun Thai. When I called to order the lady who answered the phone was very nice and patient with us as we tried to figure out what we wanted. However, that was the ONLY good thing that I can say about this place. 

First off, they told me about 45 mins and it ended up taking almost an hour and a half!! Their portions were hardly anything at all---other than the pad thai, that was the only thing that was a decent size portion. My dad had some beef green bean thing and it barely covered the bottom of the to-go box!! You could still see the foil at the bottom. I have never been to a Thai/Chinese restaurant that had suck wimpy portion sizes. We also ordered the Chicken Satay.....HORRIBLE!!! They were so tiny and super super DRY!!! I couldn't even chew them....they just went in the trash because no one could. :( 

Maybe this place is better when you go to the restaurant, rather than having it delivered...I almost wish I had because I would TOTALLY SEND ALL OF THIS FOOD BACK!! Overall, very disappointed in this thai place! Next time we will be going out!
Really good and spicy Thai food. Definitely recommend the Kung Pao.
This place is really close to my work so I end up going here often. I think it is reasonably priced and the portion size is decent enough for me although some people find it less. I usually get the lunch specials and have tried the curries mostly. 

My favorite is the red curry with the brown rice. The curry tastes pretty good with the tofu, bamboo shoots and the aromatic basil. But there have been times when it was too watery and not real flavorful. I love their brown rice mixed with the black rice. They also have a soup and egg roll/wonton with the lunch special. 

The only thing which bothers me is their service which can be a bit slow at times and also since I have to get back to work! I went there once where they had two 10+ parties to serve to and it was crazy. Almost waited 45 mins for the food that day. 
However, I would still go there again as I like their food and it is reasonable!
Great food when we've been there. Unfortunately they quit making the Sakun Thai Salad. We walked out last week after we sat down and found out the AC took a dive and it was 107 outside. I spent alot of time in Thailand and it seems pretty authentic except the price but thats a foreign exchange issue
Yummy little place tucked into a small shopping center back from the road. You may have to look for it, but make sure you find it!

I love Thai food and this place definitely delivers and for a super sweet price! It's so cheap you can eat here every day!

It's got a little bit of a dated interior, but the people are really friendly and welcoming. They have plenty of seating, a bar and even someone who plays music on the weekends. I'm going to have to go back for that!

Walked in and was greeted immediately. Got our drinks and got an order of spring rolls. They were hot and crispy and so tasty! Dip that in the little orange sauce they give you for a little sweetness. Yum!

I had shrimp pad thai and, as unadventurous as that was, it was soooo good! Pour the crushed peanuts over the top, add the sprouts and you're ready for a super taste explosion in your mouth! Spicy and dense and flavorful, you can't go wrong with this choice.

My friend had a beef dish pad see-ew that I couldn't try, but it looked good and he finished all of it. He was very impressed! 

This is a little gem of a place that has great food and excellent customer service. Combine that with uber-cheap food and you should already be on your way there now!
Drove past this place like a thousand time, finally decided to drop in and order something. Was very surprise how great the food was, if your into larb dishes make sure you order the larb moo(grill pork slice flavor with spices) it is sooo yummy! And also don't forget to order gai yang(marinated grill chicken) it is pact with flavor and very tender. Thats about the only 2 things i order frequently but pretty much everything is good. The only downside is the wait time, make sure you order for pickup and avoid lunch hours if you like to dine in, cause they get extremely BZ. Overall great food, easy parking and very nice staff.
Good food on a budget. They have a good lunch special. I would have given a 5 star but the food was a bit too spicy for me. If you like your food flaming hot then this is your place. If you want a good deal on some good food then I recommend.
The prices are reasonable. The spicy eggplant was good. The pad thai was far too sweet for our tastes despite asking for an 8, but the rest of the dinner special was pretty good. I wouldn't go out of my way to return, but if I were in the area it's worth a stop.
The food here are great for the price you pay. There are many choice of Thai food to choose from the menu depend on what you like. My favorite would be beef-boat noodle when I feel for a noodle bowl or pineapple fried rice when I feel for the rice dishes. 
The place is nice and clean with very friendly staffs. They even have a stage with live music play during weekend, and karaoke for party. 
Me and my husband love to go there often since it close to our house. If you like good food , good+cheap lunch special, or romantic dinner. I would really recommend this place :)
It may not look like anything special from its location, but Sakun Thai is a hidden gem. Their red curry and tom kha soups are my favorite and they do an excellent pad si io as well. The restaurant is noticeably clean and the last time I was there they were setting up a stage for live music. Staff is always very friendly and the food comes out promptly every time...hot, fresh, and full of bold flavors!
This place reminds me of Pin-Kaow when it first opened up (not any more ...i avoid that place now). Great service and even better food. I can't wait for another location to open up on the west side of town!! The chicken pad thai is my favorite dish there and it ranks # 1 tied with panna thai.
This month special, spicy BBQ pork and sweet and sour salmon, So good :) I never had anything like this before. Recommend !!
I heard about this place through my friends. So I decide to give it a try. The food is awesome. 
I had rad nah seafood and it came in huge plate. It was very good and the price very reasonable. 
The service was great. Overall I had a great experience at sakun thai.
Good food, good service. Not sure about the corn in the green curry but otherwise it's always been good.
Great friendly staff!
Food is pretty good!
Better than other shacks I went in saying they're Thai, when they really aren't. How can I tell??? I couldn't.  They all look alike and sounds almost the same language.
But hey.. Ingot me the Thai beef salad, it's off the chains!!!
Try it!!!
This place was very good. They played sweet 80's music the whole time, which was awesome, and the service was perfect. We ordered Pad Thai and Masman Curry (w/ tofu) and they were both fantastic. We did order both dishes a 4 out of 10 spicy and it was a bit too hot. Probably would pick 2 or 3 next time. Would totally recommend this place.
Thai food is one of my favorite cuisines. And whenever possible, I try to find a good one wherever I go. 

I have to say, my wife found this place. She told me it had four stars and a lot of reviews, I was sold.

Here's the rundown. 
Tom Yum Shrimp - it was a super cold day again, so a hot soup was the perfect remedy for that. Love this soup. I was  craving the sourness from the lemongrass flavored soup. The mushrooms & shrimp were very good. But what set this Tom Yum from the others I've had was the cherry tomato. Never had that in this soup before and it worked so well. The pop in your mouth was a flavor explosion, delicious. 

Satay Chicken - it was just okay. It was lacking in flavor IMO. Even with the satay sauce. The cucumber salad it came with was outstanding. 

Lemon Chicken - I never had lemon chicken at a Thai place before. Usually I find this dish at a Chinese restaurant. But I have to say, I am a fan of this dish. The lemon flavor really stands up to the deep fried battered chicken the sauce was in. 

Panang Pork - I usually get Panang beef. Having pork even though it was very good. I still prefer the beef. The panang curry was outstanding. 

Pineapple Fried Rice - it was good. Chunks of pineapple and cashew nut pieces all over the dish. As for the flavor, it was just ok for me. 

Pad See Ew - my wife's favorite Thai noodle dish. It's a good dish, but it didn't have the burnt wok (in a good way) taste we are accustomed to at our regular Thai spot. Still very good. 

I love spicy food, but on this trip we have a bunch of kids so the heat index was dialed down quite a bit. The pickled serrano chilies help a lot. You can request it and they have them in tiny cups to go. 

This was a solid Thai restaurant. I'm rating this a 3.5 Stars and rounding up. 

I'll definitely be back.
The food was so so. Nothing to write home about. Live music was a nice touch and the restaurant was extremely roomy which I have found unusual with Thai restaurants. The service wasn't the best. I got kinda annoyed when we were ready to go and our server was over by the bar/counter area talking and laughing not paying attention to us at all. I wouldn't go back.
Horrible!!! Thai food is one of my favorite and while craving for some papaya salad, I came here!! It was my first time and I can guarantee that there will not be a second time.  I came here with a few classmates and we were all EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!! The service was just bad and no customer service skills at all.  The waitress took another table's order when our table came in before them....they even finished their food and our food just barely came out.  That just showed poor management.  And the food was SUPER SALTY and one of my friend's pad thai dish had a hair in it (and the pad thai was very soggy).  When we informed the waitress, she even asked "where?" (really??? who does that!! ) and she didn't even apologized at all and just said "oh, ok".  Then she just walked off when my friend was still talking to her.  There's more...they claimed to have brown rice on the menu and isn't it supposed to be a healthy purpose...but their brown rice should be called "purple" rice because they mixed in purple rice which is normally used for desserts and other sweet dishes (hmmmmm, kind of ruining the healthy purpose here!!!)

I normally don't leave a review but this was just very very very unpleasant....so bad that we didn't even tip at all.  We left a big $0 and left a few comments on back of  the receipt, hoping that they will make a change.  It seems that there a lot of high stars on previous reviews, which was why I gave this place a chance...but definitely after that I will not recommend anyone to come here unless they start having better service and less sodium.  Also, this is not to make any racial comments, but that time I was there, 95% of the customers were non Asians (maybe that's why they might not know the difference between authentic or even good Thai food as compared to bad high sodium Thai food) I do hope everyone to have BETTER experience than what my friends and I had.  By the way, their price is actually more and lesser portions than other Thai restaurants!!!!!! Shaking my head as I left!!!
I have mixed feelings about this place. I've been here about 3 times. The food here is really good, but the service is ehh. The first time I went, the waitresses were very attentive. My most recent visit, the waitress seemed like she didn't know what she was doing. I was annoyed that she didn't let me know that my pad thai was taking a bit of time to prepare...it came out 30 minutes after everyone else's meals!  

Great pad thai, pad see ew, yellow curry and brown rice.  Good portions. All the dishes had great flavor.
This is a cute little restaurant.  Nice musical ambience but sometimes a little too loud.  Food is good and the combination meals are priced good.
This place used to be great to go to since the food is really quite good but the service is complete and utter shit!!!  Not only have they gotten our office order wrong on several occasions, but they have also now given our order to someone else!!! 

They take forever to prepare the order in the first place so their half assed offer to remake it was a joke but we have ordered from them so many times now that they should have offered us the order for free.  We will never eat at this place again
My personal favorite Thai place is Thai Style Noodle House on Spring Mountain or Fort Apache but I thought since this place was so close to my work Id come here for lunchtime. 

I definitely recommend this place for their lunch specials and this is my go-to place for your hour breaks or to-go. It's usually the same ladies that are working and there are usually only 2 working at a time and during lunch time it's really packed (almost every table is filled). I give the women a thumbs up for their service and the quick turnaround of getting our food after we order. After coming here so many times, the waiters remember the plates we want to order which is a plus for me and shows they care about their customers! I'm not sure which waiters the other reviews are speaking of but I've never had an issue with the service. 

Their food is good but not the best Thai food I've ever tasted. I usually order their Pad Thai (Chicken), Yellow Curry, or Spicy Basil Leaf (Beef). However they are nice and I would continue to come here for lunch breaks. 

If you like spicy, make sure you ask what chilies they have in stock. Some are more spicy than others and their 10 won't be the same every time you order, so be careful!
2nd time I have eaten here and the food is awesome... very fresh.  Unfortunately, the service was very poor the 2nd time we went.  There was one waitress and a total of 3 average size tables and it seemed like too much for her.  Everyone at my table was served their dinner and after 5 minutes, I got up to ask where mine was, seems like they totally forgot mine; however, got it out quick.  I think I would prefer to order out from here.
Best Value and best Thai food In Vegas...The Chili Chopped mint chicken is the best...
I wanted to find an authentic, out of the way Thai place. Sakun is away from the strip and most tourists I assume, more of a neighborhood place. I stopped in about 6 on a Tuesday, I was the only person there. Sakun has a good menu, but I decided to go with the dinner combo, soup, appetizers, and main dish all included. I hadn't eaten all day. 

I had tom kha gai, it was excellent, very flavorful. I ordered it 5/10 hotness because I wanted something sweeter to start with. The egg roll and crab puff were standard, but the mee krob was a nice touch. The choices for the main dish were a little limited, do I chose red curry, 8/10 hotness. The waitress smiled and asked if I was sure I wanted it that hot. Yep, I did. 

The curry was delicious. It was spicy, but not south to take away the flavor. The waitress came back to check on me and asked if I was ok, I assured her I was. Washed it down with a this iced tea. 

Overall a really good meal. Clean restaurant, good service, if go again for sure.
I am sad to be giving this place only 3 stars because I have had some delicious meals here, but unfortunately they are just too inconsistent to merit more. I almost always get food for takeout and have been disappointed several times with the quality and taste of dishes that are sometimes very good. I have come to acknowledge that you just never know what you're gonna get, and I'm not a fan. Nothing worse than arriving home (hungry) after making the trip to pick up your food, and your dish is over cooked or not cooked enough, way too salty (I've actually made the drive to return something that tasted like it had a gallon of salt), or just plain inedible (chicken satay literally was covered in some unidentifiable gooey substance I ended up throwing it away). Of course, sometimes I end up getting a really perfectly cooked dish but it's a gamble!
Not a fan at all. Just got lunch special pad Thai and it wasn't good at all. I threw it out and I am still hungry. Please go somewhere else and enjoy Thai food.
Surprised about the four star about this restaurant.

I just ordered one seafood soup. and disappointed.  

food really bad. 

I can not go there anymore.
I gave this place one more try but sadly it just did not redeem itself. This time, the noodle dish I got was so salty I had my weeks worth of sodium in one meal. Why is it so hard to make a decent dish consistently?! If you're getting take out and have a hankering for Thai, do not go here. There are plenty of other better places that are better and waaaay more reliable. This place simply isn't.
I used to like this restaurant, but my visit today has changed my mind. There was only one other person eating at the restaurant when my bf and I came in. It took an hour for me to receive my food from the time I ordered it. No one came by to check in on us or let us know that the food was on its way. About 45 mins into waiting, a lady came in with bags full of groceries at which point we asked where our food was and she said he was starting to cook it now. Never did they offer a discount on our check or offer a bowl of soup to hold us over. When they finally brought our our food I informed them that it had been over an hour and she just said "yea we only have one cook."  Don't mess with me when I am hungry!
I am trying to broaden my Thai food horizons as my normal stop (Siri Thai) has become awful at answering the phone.

This place is somewhat near me and had decent reviews, so I tried it out for a weekend to-go lunch.  I ordered the tofu pad Thai spicy 3 (their scale is 1-10) over the phone and the lady said, "It will be ready in 5 minutes."

Eep!  I had to throw on some pants and leave because the drive is a little bit longer than that.  Certainly not the worst problem in the world, though.

The location is easy-to-find and I parked right in the front.  The restaurant itself is nice and spacious, clean and overall a nice atmosphere.  I saw my order was right on the counter, so I paid with the friendly lady and left.

The tofu is certainly superior to Siri Thai but I think it's still lacking a little bit of that tofu texture that I personally enjoy.  The pad Thai was lacking peanuts but the overall flavor was good and the heat was there but certainly not overwhelming - exactly what I wanted.  There was a bit of a citrus flavor that I simply don't like with my pad Thai, but it was much more subtle than other places I've tried.  Also, they were generous with egg and green onion which I love!

While I have not found my new pad Thai spot (damn you, Siri Thai), I think I have found a new place to put into my pickup regime.  The pictures of pad see ew look delicious and I still need to try their Thai tea as I feel that's necessary at ANY Thai place.  -:3
I was introduced to this hidden spot by my new co-workers.  We decided to have a lunch meeting here.  It's located in the Scottsdale Design Center so you have to look for that huge grey building and then you will come upon this quaint spot.

We were greeted by the kind hostess that just so happend to be french.  I love it when places have a touch of authenticity when possible.  The interior is simple yet it has the proper touches of a French style cafe.  One side of the cafe opens into the main hall of the design center so you can people watch as you are waiting for your meal.  


I decided to order the Parisian Panini with a side of fruit salad and both of my lunch guests ordered the Turkey Panini with fries for the side.  The wait was fine and once the food came out I basically devoured my panini.  I would say that this is hands down the best panini I have ever had.  My co-workers agreed as they cleaned their plates too!

I will certainly be back for another panini....especially since it's convenient.  Next time I will try one of their mouth-watering desserts.
Not a bad thing about this place. Well, maybe the location is a bit lacking  on views but the food, prices and people are amazing! The Panini's (all 7 of them) are crispy, melty cheesy and full of flavor. The salads are fresh and fill you up and the lunch special #1 of a sandwich and a piece of chocolate cake? How can you resist!  We work close by and go here often.
I had seen this very unassuming place before in the Scottsdale Airpark and had always been curious about it, so when a co-worker suggested we go here, I jumped on it.  I am in love with this place. It is owned by a couple who transplanted to AZ several years ago, and they opened this place in 2007. The paninis are absolutely magnifique, and the croissants are tender and delicate and baked fresh every morning. I was so impressed with them, that I suggested my work use them for a catering event a couple weeks later. They did a fantastic job...everyone who attended the event wanted to know where the food was from and where they could go to get it. 

I really hope to see this place succeed as it is pretty much run by the couple only (he cooks and she takes the orders and serves the food). Don't let the location detract you from visiting here!
This place is both adorable AND affordable... I can't (and I won't) believe it's actually located in Scottsdale. 

Cookies for $0.40. Fresh salad topped with a giant salmon fillet for $7.40. Paninis galore for $7.80. I know, this all sounds far too reasonable to be true, but it's the real deal. 

The Gardener (aka ratatouille panini) was a major hit amongst everyone, and it's meat and dairy-free! Health and French food in the same place? This place just gets more and more unbelievable. 

Between the atmosphere, pricing, and food, Cafe Paris seems like it's in a location far from, "somewhere near where I take my car in for maintenance." Cheaper than France, more authentic than Scottsdale, and tastier than anything else I can get for less than eight bucks.
J'adore ce petit café!

I've come to Cafe Paris a multitude of times now, and I've come to the realization that it's hard to say no to this place. The space in comfy, the service is friendly, the prices are nominal, and the food is always great.

My favorite thing on their menu is their French onion soup! It's delicious, and definitely some of the best I've had in the valley. You won't find a brown water recipe here...they make it from scratch! It's served with a clear broth that's loaded with soft onions. Traditionally topped with toasted bread and melted cheese, it's a winner in the flavor department.. And by the way, I've ordered it roughly a dozen times by now, and it has always been consistently scrumptious!

Other great menu items (in no particular order) include any panini, the Eiffel Tower, croque-madame, and butter cookies. The paninis all come with a tasty pesto sauce that should please any pesto fan, while the Eiffel Tower is one ginormous club sandwich that will satiate the biggest of appetites. As for the croque-madame, just imagine one of the best grilled cheeses ever, stuffed with ham, and topped with an egg; it's awesome.

I make it a point to go to Cafe Paris several times a month because I know I can get a good meal for fairly cheap. That said, keeping this place all to myself sounds wonderful, but it's time to let the cat out of the bag on this somewhat hidden gem. 

Bon Appétit!
It's great to have a high quality neighborhood place like this in the area.  I had the goat cheese and basil omelette and a crispy on the outside, soft and buttery on the inside croissant.  Brilliant.
09/05/12

Was hoping to make it in for breakfast, but was too late.  The only breakfast items left were almondine shells and a couple of strawberry fruit tarts.  I opted to try a cappuccino and an almond shell, while I waited for my Chef panino ($7.80 for a full order, with side salad) to arrive.  I believe the shells went for 50 or 75 cents each.  It was a very nice way to begin (or end!) a meal.  The panino was very delightful!  Loved the crunchy exterior of the pressed ciabatta, and the combination of thick-cut ham, brie, caramelized onions, and pesto made my mouth (and brain!) very happy!  Eating half of the leftovers a few hours later proved to be almost as good, even without reheating the sandwich in the toaster oven, and I polished the rest of the panino for breakfast the next day.  I recall that the salad dressing (on the side) was nothing to write home about, but I appreciated the added greens to round out the meal.

I docked a star for the cafe's mediocre decor.  I didn't feel like I was in a French cafe.  I can't even recall if the music playing was French.  Additionally, the only other people there, besides the server (also owner?) and cook, was a table of elderly women playing an actual game of mahjong- a Chinese tile game (with many variations possible) played on a table with three or four people, not the computer memory game.  (I wonder- in France, do French people play mahjong in American restaurants?)  Was tickled to see that my receipt tray had the Mona Lisa on it- cute!  Another star docked for having weak coffee.  Yes, great coffee service deserves a full star in my book...  The cappuccino was the worst I'd ever shelled $4 for, and no wonder-- the drip coffee I replaced the caloric cup with tasted almost like water.  I've wanted to come back a few times since, to try breakfast here, but if I can't look forward to a great cup of cafe avec un bon petit dejeuner, then why even bother?  Perhaps it was an off-day for coffee?  I will visit again very soon and see if breakfast is just as fun!
Food! Service! Atmosphere! 
This is a hidden gem of a place and worth a visit for those tired of the regular recycle of local American food. 

The atmosphere is cozy and homely, it feels like stopping by a cherished relative's place for a home cooked meal. There is nothing flashy here and if you are used to valet service, there are other restaurants north of here. 

The menu is mostly sandwich type items, but there is a good selection from ham and goat cheese, to salmon and cream cheese creations worth a taste. Deserts here are a delight, and nothing feels over priced. 

Unfortunately, the staff is limited so on busy days you may have to wait a little longer for service but I have never had a bad experience and always felt welcomed. I'll be coming back to try more items on the menu for sure. Bon Appétit!
Très bien! Cafe Paris is a cozy little eatery across the street from Costco, serving sandwiches, soups, and salads. In addition to French style sandwiches, they offer paninis, and a few items that are Southwest-influenced (e.g., quesadillas).

I ordered a croque monsieur, and tried some of the French onion soup. The croque monsieur was everything I'd imagined this French lunchtime favorite would be. The bread was crispy and toasted, with some Dijon mustard, tender ham, melted Swiss cheese, with some melted cheese on top. The combination of flavors and textures was excellent. The French onion soup was served piping hot, with a generous serving of melted cheese on top. The flavors in the soup had a deep, rich beef flavor melded with some sweet caramelized onion. The side I chose with the sandwich- a "French taboule", was couscous mixed with dried cranberries. Unfortunately the couscous was a bit bland and a little gummy tasting to me. 

Service was warm and friendly. 

In addition to the indoor seating, there is a small outdoors area with 2 tables if it's nice outside and you want to eat in the sun. 

Until next time, à bientôt Cafe Paris!
Favorite breakfast in the valley. I am a sucker for the French culture. I don't care for crepes and croissants, but I am a sucker for a great cappuccino and eggs. And when there is a toasted French baguette option, I'm all in. This place is a hidden gem and wouldn't have found it if I wasn't waiting at the stereo system place across the way. 
Fast, friendly, tasty. Bonjour!
Excellent food and consistently excellent service. I have tried their pan bagnat sandwich (which includes tuna, sliced boiled eggs, bell peppers) and the choice of side.On a day like today,  I sat outside on the patio and ordered  the chicken panini  with french fries and fruit salad. And of course I had to have an Orangina!

Cafe Paris is a charming little cafe and the owners Arnaud and Caroline could not be more kind and welcoming. Next time, I will try the crepes.

Highly recommended!
Wow! Authentic home made French bistro fare in the air park. And very convenient if you are painting your house (shared space with paint store). The owner was very friendly. The cookies were extremely good too. Must try it.
You just have to come visit!! Delicious and I love it. 2 years strong and the owners are so sweet!
I had the goat cheese panini, and it disappeared before I knew what happened! It was phenomenal. The pesto on the panini was very tasty! I also had a cappuccino and an almond tile cookie. The cookie was thin, crispy, and deliciously sweet. I highly recommend this little restaurant.
Fantastic food! 1st time here. Great serve with a light and bright atmosphere. I had the Chef Crepe and loved it.
Chef crepe was amazing, apple tart was great too.  My wife loved her croque Madame.  So happy we found this place
Authentic French cafe...total hidden gem! The ratatouille with goat chews crepe was amazing as was the chocolate desert crepe.
I had the Turkey Panini & Garden salad. Great place & like the nice atmosphere. Will definitely try it again
We just went here today for a work lunch and it was wonderful! I had a salmon sandwich with cucumbers and dill sauce on sourdough. My coworkers had a panini. The flavor was great and is owned and operated by a French couple. We had a crepe for desert and it was good.
Would you like to have Chinese food in a clean environment?  Dragon Express is not only clean but impressive.  The owners did a great job remodeling.  You don't have to dress up to eat here but their decor and friendliness could put PF Changs to shame.  

Dragon Express is owned by a really nice couple from China.  They take pride in the food they serve and the restaurant itself.  There are very few Chinese restaurants that I don't fear what the kitchen looks like.  Here you can look right into the kitchen.  

The food is always good.  My favorite is their orange chicken.   The prices are pretty decent.  I don't care for the cheesecake but I'm just not familiar with the flavors.  Someone else would probably love it.  I do love their ice tea.  

They deliver but we love going in and talking to the owners.  If you are in Mesa don't hesitate to give them a try.
I love this place. They truly have great food for a great price. As far as standard "fast" Chinese food goes I have never had better. 

The decor and environment is awesome and the food is better, plus.. they have two flat screens on ESPN all the time. They staff is super friendly and it only takes once or twice to become a regular where they already know your order when you walk in. 

I highly recommend this place.
We were back again tonight and food, service and atmosphere was outstanding as always.  Good Chinese food is sometimes hard to find.
Good food, friendly staff, awesome lunch specials and clean atmosphere. That makes it a 5 star.
I've been twice now. Today I ordered the twice cooked pork with lo mein instead of rice. The thing I like most about this place is the amount of fresh veggies in their dishes! The pork was brimming with zucchini, carrots, onions (and probably something else I'm forgetting)... And the lo mein was loaded with bean sprouts, onion, green onions... Lunch specials are 5.99 and come with a mini spring roll.

The spring rolls were not anything to write home about either for taste or price at 2.99 for 2.
I've been here twice for lunch and both times were hot, fresh, and delicious! The dining area is clean and staff is friendly. I'll definitely be back for a third time (and more)!
Great lunch spot! All the meals are tasty, solid healthy options like subbing steamed veggies for rice & the restaurant is clean & updated. I usually get the kung Pao chicken which you can never go wrong with.
A few months ago our favorite Chinese food restaurant went out of business [sniff]. My husband and I were devastated! Ok, that's a little dramatic... but we needed to find a place from where we could get our Chinese food fix! We got online, ran a search on Yelp for "Chinese food," read countless reviews on various restaurants, and finally settled on Dragon Express. It was out of our way to drive to Alma School/Baseline but we were willing to make the sacrifice. Upon arriving to the restaurant I was immediately impressed. The atmosphere was so welcoming and unlike any Chinese food restaurant I had been to! There were pictures of all the food making it simple to choose what you wanted, the dining area was clean, and the cashier/waitress was SO FRIENDLY! She immediately brought my kids snacks to eat while we waited. It's my opinion you can tell the quality of a good Chinese food restaurant by their egg roll, so needless to say we ordered egg rolls. Not only was the presentation appetizing, their freshness and taste is unmatched to any other egg roll I've ever tasted. AND to top it off the Sweet & Sour Chili dipping sauce is incredible! I ordered Beef Lo Mein and my husband ordered the Orange Chicken; both were absolutely delish! We were so impressed by our first experience that we've been back twice! Each time we try something different and have yet to try something we don't like! Keep this place in business and eat there often! You won't be disappointed! Thank you Yelp for helping us find our new FAVORITE Chinese food restaurant!
Friendly service, fast, and good food plenty of it. Definitely not the best Chinese I've had but certainly great food.
Their lunch specials are my cup of tea- which unfortunately is not included.  For $5.99 ($6.99 for shrimp entrees) you get your choice from 22 entrees, brown or white rice and a small spring roll.  They are a comparative alternative to Pei  Wei's.  Been there twice and plan to visit again soon.
Wow, this place was PACKED! Came in around 12 on a weekday, and EVERY TABLE was taken! If that's not a good sign, then I don't know what is!

Food was great. Ordered the shrimp with lobster sauce, very savory!! The sauce had so much flavor! And they give you TONS OF SHRIMP!!! I hate it when you pay extra for seafood and they give you like 4 pieces..here they give you like 15! There were so many! I also like the fact that they have a brown rice option for no extra charge. You can also sub the regular rice for fried rice or noodles for a little bit extra. Lunch specials are great! 5.99 (or 6.99 for shrimp) and it includes rice and a 'dragon' spring roll. 

Since they were so busy, service was a little bit slow.....it took them 25 minutes to get my takeout (or take-away, depending on where your from, lol) ready. Not super fast if you have a limited amount of time for a lunch break..... Also, I asked the girl if I could sub steamed veggies for my rice (as a fellow yelper mentioned you could do) but, she just stared at the register buttons, and was like "nope, I don't see that option on here" :/ yeah....she may not have been the sharpest tool in the shed (I tend to believe my fellow yelper over a girl who seemed a little bit lost and somewhat unmotivated to do her job, tho she could have just been overwhelmed by the overhead...) However, they were nice and did appologize for the wait. 

Anyways, overall, great food in a cute and clean little restaurant....I'll be back!
Went back today......ordered chicken moo goo gai pan, ah-MAZE-ing!!!! 

I am hence upgrading my review to 5 stars, because, YUM! (I have never had such fresh and perfectly cooked veggies from a Chinese restaurant....and WOW, that wine sauce was SOOOOOO GOOD!!)

oh, and service was much better today :)
Thanks Yelp for another great restaurant pick.

After her swimming lessons a few blocks away, my daughter wanted to go for Chinese food.  We arrived and approached the counter to order our lunch.  My daughter wanted noodles so I ordered her the Chicken Lo Mein from the kids menu.  I wanted something spicy (and not deep fried), so I decided on the Spicy Korean Pork and upgraded to fried rice (white or brown steamed rice are the standard options).

Our lunch arrived in about 5 minutes.  My daughter thoroughly enjoyed her noodles and had enough to take home for supper because of the large portion.  The only complaint I had was the total lack of vegetables (it even says "no vegetables" on the kids menu, which I noticed later).  The Korean Pork dish was absolutely delicious. There was a small, crisp bean in my dish that was so yummy and fresh.  I asked the clerk what it was and she told me it was a certain kind of bean (not a string bean) that they get from the Asian Market on Main and Dobson.  I traveled to China in 1998 and remembered this vegetable in several dishes then.

Will definitely go again!  Great place for a quick lunch!  This time I'll ask them to add veggies to my daughters meal. I want to try the chicken lettuce wraps!
My new favorite Chinese restaurant. Super clean, extremely friendly staff and very fresh Chinese food. I'm not the biggest fan of Chinese food, but since I found this place I have been 3 times in a month or so...
That's right-a CHINESE place! I don't eat pizza EVERY day...
I love this place-their chicken fried rice is fabulous-big pieces of honest-to-God white meat chicken and a pretty big portion. They have the kind of egg rolls I like (I'm an egg roll snob, and very few places will do), and their lunch special is a lot of food for the price.

A la carte items are more pricey than other Chinese places-but their delivery is very prompt, their staff is unfailingly polite, and the restaurant is extremely clean.

One of my faves!
This place cannot disappoint!  
Their portions are HUGE, my husband and teen son can share one meal.  Everything on the menu is great, the service is fast, and the staff is very nice.
ZERO Stars... My husband and I both were not impressed. The food was over priced and it was either mushy or dry. Everything had the same flavor... Bland. Yucky
Dragon Express is my go-to Chinese delivery place. They are always fast, friendly, and the food is great. My favorites are their Kung Pao Chicken, Sweet and Sour Pork, and Fried Rice. The crab puffs and beef skewers are also amazing.
I have been dying for a good place that delivers that isn't pizza, and DE didn't disappoint! I gave them a call to see if I was in their delivery boundaries, and luckily I was, and I had a few people over so we ordered kung pao, chicken teriyaki, lo mein, fried rice, and pad thai. They said it would take about an hour, and I believe the food arrived in about 50 minutes. It was bagged up nicely and the gent who dropped it off was very polite. I was really surprised at the amount of food and the quality just opening all of the boxes, and I was very glad that everything tasted so good :)

I tried them again for delivery two nights ago and got orange chicken, brown rice, and  pot stickers, all of which were delicious. Will definitely recommend.
I have been craving Chinese for a long time and Yelp directed me towards this place. The interior is very bright and clean and the small staff all seemed friendly enough. 
I got an entree of sweet and sour chicken with lo mein (an extra $1 if you want that instead of rice) for under $9. I also got a side of crab angels/ragoons/puffs (5 for under $4). The lo mein was very thick and a lot was stuffed in the box. The chicken was breaded and fluffy, with plenty of S&S sauce. There was also a few vegetables thrown in (but not a TON to take up space which is a definite bonus for me). The ragoons were a good size and the stuffing was very flavourful - cheese, chives and (what I assume is) fake crab balanced just right not to overpower each other in the flavour department.
It seems a little more Panda Express than I was hoping for when I went searching Yelp, though it wasn't set up like Panda where the food's been sitting out for who knows how long so that's definitely a bonus; everything seemed really fresh. The food itself was pretty good but, again, pretty standard for a Chinese fast food place.
I'll just have to keep looking for a less Westernized non-buffet Chinese food restaurant around these parts.
Tried Dragon Express for the first time tonight. We ordered take out and it was ready in 10 minutes. We had the Dragon Sampler, General's, and Kung Pao chicken. Delicious and huge portions. Husband loved the beef skewers. This will be our go to Chinese place from now on.
My hubs and I LOVE this place! 

We drove all the way from Maricopa just to eat here yesterday and the food was, and   always is, Amazing!  The staff is super nice and they give you some watermelon with your fortune cookie at the end.  

We will be going there every other week to get a different dish everytime. I am going to be trying the spiciest dishes near the end of my pregnancy to hopefully get the baby going.. can't wait!! 

Love Dragon Express! :)
Yelp reviewers save the day once again with this Chinese delivery gem!!

Best damn crab puffs I've had in a long time!  This place has quality food, made fresh and they actually care about the presentation!  I didn't think Chinese delivery like this existed.  No more ordering from the other guys!

General Tso's chicken on fried rice was awesome.  Next time ill ask them to make it extra spicy because it wasn't very spicy or hot at all.  Nonetheless it was freshly cooked and still crispy unlike every other time I've ordered delivery from the other guys.

Mongolian Beef on fried rice was good as well.  The meat didn't taste like it had been sitting around in sauce for several hours like most Chinese fast food.

The even have great service and fast delivery!  The guy who takes my order calls me, 'sir.'  I like this place!
My husband and I order from this place when don't have time to prepare dinner. I can pretty much tell you everything on the menu is awesome!
It's nice place! Whenever i found chance, i go there for dinner or lunch. Tasty food quality. I recommend it to all my group friend.
We got hunan chicken extra spicy, thai basil beef, side of fried rice and crispy potstickers.
All awesome but i think they put too much oil in the fried rice personally. igredient were all fresh and veggies still crisp not overcooked.
Order got here within half an hour and they do have a $2 delivery fee which is nothing compared to other people's $3. 
will definitely ordr here again.
I just reviewed Kwan's Sampan, and also just gave it 5 stars, but these places are quite different than each other. Experience fresh, crispy, tasty modern Asian fare at mall food court prices. This is a much more modern take on Chinese/Asian food. If you don't like your food fried, battered, and swimming in a sea of Sweet & Sour sauce, or gravy, then you've hit the jackpot with Dragon Express.
Pretty good. Restaurant is clean.  The hot and sour soup is bit bland.
Awesome lunch specials!! Food always tastes fresh and delicious!
Standard Arizona "Chinese" fare. I ordered takeout from this place and both dishes were soggy and bland.  The service was great and the food was ready for pickup within ten minutes, my only problem was that the food wasn't very good.
Good overall quality, a nice selection, and they deliver to my office. I tried the crab puffs and the sampler platter for my last order. The egg drop soup is especially good with a side of crispy noodles. You can order via Grub-hub.
Like others said, "typical" Arizona Chinese take out. I do return because the food is good and not covered in sauce and oil like some places, visually appealing. I must say I do LOVE their hot&sour soup. So far I think it's the best I've had. What pisses me off is that tiny spring roll they give you, it's like a slap in the face. The portions are smaller than most places, but quality seems a little higher.
I was so amped to try this place out, but my experience was disappointing. My friend and I ordered delivery. They advised it would be an hour, but I believe we got it in 45 minutes. The crab angels (rangoons) and potstickers were so delicious! The crab angels were creamy and full of flavor. They were, by far, the best I've ever tasted. The potstickers also had lots of flavor packed into each bite. If the meal ended there, I would be giving this place 5 stars. Then came the kung pao. Hmmm...isn't Kung Pao supposed to be spicy? It was breaded...which I've never experienced eating it that way before and it was sweet.  If it wasn't for the few peanuts thrown in there, I would say I got the wrong meal.  After three bites, I couldn't eat a sweet kung pao anymore. I decided to try out my friends orange peel chicken, but as he was looking through my cupboards for spices, I wasn't hopeful. After taking a bite, I agreed it was bland. Needless to say we didn't finish our plates. I guess next time I'll just stick to the appetizers...
My girl friend ordered the Twice Cooked Pork and I had the Moo Goo Gai Pan and both were super scrumptious! We also shared Edamame and Crispy Potstickers as appetizers. They were out very quick and everything was tasty. 
The atmosphere was also nice. I would come back for sure!
The first time we ate here was about 2 weeks ago. We ordered Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao Chicken.. They were both really good..The only thing about the Kung Poa..It was not spicy enought for me.. You may want to request it to have more spice. The servings are also HUGE!! Enough for leftovers.. TWICE!.Give them a try
I have to say that I'm usually not a fan of take-out Chinese food (It all tastes like greasy crap in my opinion)...unless however we're talking about Thai. Gotta love Thai! So anyways, my husband and I have pretty much tried all of the Chinese delivery places in our delivery zone (mostly to prove to him that they all suck)...that is until we came across this little gem last night. As a health conscience person, I try not to order greasy crap when I can avoid it, so I was pleasantly surprised with what we got. 
The food arrived quickly (45 minutes) and we had no problems/issues ordering through the Grub Hub site. 
We ordered Hot & Sour Soup, Ginger Chicken & Broccoli, Chicken Lo Mein, and Orange Peel Chicken. The Hot & Sour Soup as one reviewer put it left little to be desired. It was pretty bland and not at all spicy. The Lo Mein wasn't very greasy which I liked, the Orange Peel Chicken was flavorful, but heavy on the breading. Not something I'd eat again, and the Ginger Chicken was awesome! I requested that they add mushrooms and make it spicy and it was perfect. Light and flavorful. I got the fried rice instead of the white (I know, I know...but it's sooo much better) and it was very good! Didn't even need any soy sauce and wasn't dripping in oil. 

This will be our go-to Chinese food place from now on and have already recommended it. Seriously, before you try yet another so-so place, give this one a try. Hopefully you'll be as impressed as we were!
one star because zero stars was not an option! threw it out it was so bad!
I believe you should always give something a second chance, and I am so glad I decided to give Dragon Exrpress one!  I couldn't stop thinking about those perfect crab angels so I called up and ordered those creamy appetizers plus the kung pao again (Monica likes her chicken spicy).  I was crossing my fingers.  Turns out I must have gotten the wrong order last time I ate there.  This time the kung pao tasted like it was supposed to. It had some heat, not sweet. So I'm changing my rating to 4 stars.  I plan on ordering take out from them again.
Decided to try this after stopping in for a menu on my way home from Applebee's a few weeks ago.  Took my 2 young daughters ages 6 & 8.  The food is delicious.  All 3 of us enjoyed our food.  We ate in and had plenty to take home for leftovers.  I ordered the Hunan Chicken with white rice.  Very spicy just the way I like it.  Veggies cooked perfectly, still crisp, not mushy at all.  Kids Teriyaki chicken and a kids chicken lo mein.  I will definitely go back and try other dishes.
Sometimes you get really lucky trying that little hole in the wall place.  My pad Thai is delicious, and Andy has the General Tso 's chicken.  Yummy.
This is our favorite Chinese restaurant. The service is fantastic and the food is always delicious. The moo goo gai pan is my favorite!
Food is decent, glad they deliver, however... rice is down right awful.  I've ordered from this place a few times and each time I've ran into really really really undercooked / dry rice.  The food itself wasnt bad but this is chinese food, so you know, bad rice is a deal breaker... plus I'm asian so poorly made rice is sort of big deal :).  i almost wonder if the rice is some sort of instant rice or something but it is definitely not fresh or quality.
I'd been down with a flu bug or something for about a day and a half and had a very delicate tummy. I got out the door so I could go to the Rubber Stamp Show they have here in Mesa twice a year and when the show was over I figured I should get something to eat since I hadn't had anything for 2 days. I searched Yelp for a Jewish delicatessen thinking chicken soup would be the best thing but there wasn't anything close.   I tried searching different categories including soup and wasn't satisfied with what I saw. Then I thought, well what the heck, and started searching for pho places. I think this is one of the places that popped up and since it was a place that I had passed by many times and wanted to try, I decided to stop in here.

 I told the young man behind the counter that I was interested in soup but I wasn't sure if the choices listed on the menu would be enough food for me and he let me know they have the larger 32 ounce size available so I said that's the ticket and ordered the egg drop soup, after debating between it and the won ton soup.  

The soup came out fairly quickly and while it was piping hot it was edible pretty quickly.  It had good flavor and lots of good egg in it which I figured would give me some nutrition and protein.  It wasn't overly salty like so many soups are and I had absolutely no tummy reactions to it later, for which I was very grateful. I felt much better by the time I left and I think it helped me get back on my feet the next day . 

I found the atmosphere to be very friendly and welcoming and the soup to be good quality.  I will definitely be coming back here to try other items that looked good on the menu. Oh, and did I mention the soup was only about five dollars? Score.
First time, called, very polite lady, got my order quickly and correctly and total delivery time was 32 minutes. Everything was AMAZING the chicken egg rolls are awesome, and I highly recommend this restaurant!!! 
10 ***** 
Laurie, Mesa
Ordered delivery from this place tonight.  It took over 90 minutes (estimated 45-60).  The food wasn't hot, the rice was just blah, they didn't bring our eggrolls.  So - on their delivery service NO stars - on the food itself - hard to tell honestly - it didn't seem to be what we ordered as was described on the online menu.  Maybe they were just having a bad night but it'll be a while before we try again.
I used to come here often back in 2008-2009 when I was in beauty school since both buildings are in the same plaza. I decided to stop by after work today for a quick appetizer and it was just as yummy if not yummier than I remember! 

I ordered the lettuce wraps, and for $5.99+ tax, I was super impressed by not only the taste but the amount of food! This is basically enough food for 2 people to share and not have to order anything else! I feel like I got almost half a lettuce! ;) I ended up eating about 5 wraps, and my brother still had another 3, and I still have lots of the chicken mix to take to work tomorrow for lunch but just need my own lettuce! 


I will definitely be coming back more often for more lettuce wraps, and also to try other things on their menu!
Excellent food.  Fast service. Great lunch specials. I decided to try something new and got the sesame chicken.
I read through the reviews before my wife and I decided to have dinner here.  Let me say all of the great reviews were spot on! Awesome fresh food done right! Not one thing we tasted could I have wanted to be better than it already was! Portions are pretty large and the pricing is great as well. Very clean place too. The service was excelent as well. We will absolutely be back!
Good fresh fast. just don't get the beef skewers mostly fat other than that everything I've ordered is really good. People r really nice
This place has the best Chinese food EVER! Everything I have tried here has been amazing and delicious. They have the best crab angels (and I've had a lot!) and lo mein I've ever had. Their selection of entrees and appetizers is great and the staff is super friendly! Don't pass this place up!
I LOVED this place!!!! We have been searching and searching for the perfect place to get Asian food bc we like to eat it once a week.  
They have great food and there is a bit of every taste of Asia. I had Pad Thai which was better than I've had at Thai specific places!!!!! We tried the egg drop soup and it was good, hot, fresh, and a big bowl with crunchies too. Lo Mein was yummy as was Kung Pao chicken.
U serve ur own drink which we love especially with spicy dishes.  I always get tea and it was freshly made and purified water as was the soda which were Coke products.
It is super clean and fun decor inside too. Sort of mood lighting and dim which is really nice and relaxing. Seating is comfortable and there is tv but it is turned on mute with CC so it doesn't bother but u can look at it. 

And the workers are very very nice!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Super big five stars and we will be back!!!!! Yay!!!!!!!!
My friend and I were craving carry out Chinese food and ran into this place on the way home. This place is "VERY CLEAN" and the workers are very nice. I informed the cashier that this was my first time here. She was very helpful pointing out the different menu options. They have a great lunch offer or you can order the dinner size portions. I ordered the Pad Thai, Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao. The egg roll that came with the meal is nothing special. I actually didn't finish it. It was a cabbage roll and very bland. The rest of the meal was great. I did like the option of getting brown rice with no added charge. I also liked that the chicken is all "white" meat...no dark meat used. I will definitely come back.
Love, love this place. Friendly staff, great food, reasonable prices. The Thai Basil Fried Rice, chicken lo mein and chicken egg roll can't be beat. My favorite Chinese place.
I saw the reviews on Yelp and was looking for good food at reasonable prices. My friend and I had never been to Dragon Express and I have to say was I very impressed withe the service and extremely delighted with meal. 
Wait staff was friendly, courteous and very accommodating. Interior was clean and loved the overall atmosphere. 
We tried 6 different dishes and I have to say it was by far some of the best Asian cooking I've had in a while. Especially the Wonton soup and Crab Angels.....delicious!
This is my new favorite! Will definitely be going back!
Love this little place...the people r very friendly and professional and the food is quite good. The lettuce wraps r better than P.F's.....chicken, all white and lots of earthy minced mushrooms (which I love). It's an appetizer but, the portion is entree size.
      Egg drop is can't miss and every time I pick up they always offer a beverage. Like I said, nice people. Can't speak for their delivery as I always pick mine up.oh...forgot to mention, it's always spotless which for me is important!!
Great food and super nice staff!! Dining room is modern looking, and very clean. I eat here often.
I don't normally write a review but this place is amazing. I got the lettuce wrap and it was better than P.F. Chang's and it's way cheaper. My wife got the Lo Mein which was way good.  We got so much food we could have shared one item.
Just happened to be driving by and thought is stop for lunch. Got the Kung Pao chicken and asked them for extra spicy. Amazing!!!! So good and my mouth is on fire!!! Will definitely be coming back.
My boyfriend and I ordered take out tonight. When the delivery guy showed up the stereo in his car was so loud. He didn't even bother to turn it down when he came up to the door to deliver our food. I got the dragon wonton soup and veggies with brown rice. And my boyfriend got the Asian curry chicken. The food was just alright. Could have been better but I've also had worse.
Sadly we received our food in a timely manner tonight only to receive a poor excuse for good Chinese. New to the area I choose them after many good reviews. But the general Tao was mushy and mostly breaded with little chicken. Both the Tao  and low mein tasted as if they had been sitting for hours. The crab angels were much the same with little crab and lots of cream cheese. We haven't even tasted the beef and broccoli yet as we are disappointed so far. This will not be a repeat customer.
Place was clean staff was very friendly.  I didn't find the food was that great had hot and sour soup and Mongolian beef.  Soup was okay beef dish, the meat was big chunks and dry with not much flavor. Order was to go was nice they give you a free drink while waiting but was surprised the rice amount was more than double of the amount of meat.  Angel wings were good.
My wife called this place for us to pick up lunch. They kept arguing with her and told her that we are too far away. My wife kept telling the server that we wanted to PICK UP! As in, "We will drive to the restaurant and pick up the food!" But they kept arguing and told her that they wouldn't serve us because we are just too far away. Yeah... 20 minutes away... Too far. 

Worst. Service. Ever.
WOW!  If you can't have mama's cookin', you need to try this place!  

After a recommendation from local family, we went there for a quick morning bite.  A breakfast burrito happily made to order, friendly staff and a small, clean, dining room that sits about 25 ... the tummy filler was hot and tasty with their homemade salsa.  There's a "salad bar" of salsas and other goodies in the center of the small room so you can customize your dish.   My family's faves are their tacos of course, nachos, carne asada burritos and albondigas soup.  I asked if TACOS was family owned/operated, of course it was.  

This place is situated just South of the newly developed Maricopa commercial area.  If you blink, as you drive over some railroad tracks (from the North), you WILL miss it.  It's not because it's in a cluttered cookie-cutter modernesque outdoor mall that is now  prevalent in AZ, it simply is situated in, well, "quaint" looking AZ.. A hole-in-the-wall looking place with incredible food, TACOS N' MORE is on our Maricopa "TO-DO" list.
Has got to be the best breakfast burrito place in Maricopa!!  I have been on a vegetarian diet  lately and my favorite burrito comes without the bacon - eggs, potatoes and cheese with all their yummy salsas! I go here usually once a week and the staff is always friendly and regardless if you are taking out or eating in they give you free chips and the salsa bar (which has tons of selections)! Love this place :)
When my wife and I first moved to Maricopa, we were disappointed that there were very few "authentic" restaurants. We saw Tacos N' More advertising they would be "opening soon" and we couldn't wait. The wait was WELL worth it. First, the food is very authentic. I lived in Mexico for a year and this what I was missing, right down to the refrescos in glass bottles and Mexican style ice cream bars. Second, their service is amazing. They are the definition of family owned and operated, and they always greet you with a smile and ask "Where have you been?" Finally, Tacos N' More is about as close as you get to home cooking because you are not limited to the menu. The fact that they have a menu is absurd because you can order any item any way you would like it. I always feel dumb asking "Can I get..." because they always answer "OF COURSE!" A must dine-in for any Maricopa resident, and a great stop if you venturing through or going to the casino.
Family owned and operated, this place is solid.  The thing that sets this place apart from all the rest is how well they treat their customers, like family.  I've been there no less than 30 times and they have never "had an off day" when it comes to treating customers right.  

I have had their burritos, tostadas, tamales and taquitos.  I like the carne asada taquitos the best.  There are always fresh salsas in the salsa stand.  They often offer tortilla chips if you're waiting a little longer for your order.  Plenty of drinks to choose from, all the way from Coke in a bottle to a nice selection of cervezas.  

Tacos n More is a Maricopa gem.
a hole-in-the-wall joint with a great staff and simple but delicious food. the salsa bar has a fantastic avocado salsa!

great ceviche, and the other items are served in a standard, quick-service mexican style. order at the counter, then take your seat. they have a large selection of bottled mexican beers and mexican-style coca-cola. 

this is one of my standbys in maricopa. it definitely beats the other greasy spoon chains.
I ventured over to Maricopa to visit some friends and found this little place.  I always like to give my business to locally owned and operated places, especially family places such as this one.  It's a cute little place, a house turned into a dining room, and it's cozy and warm.  The service was friendly and fast.  And the tacos were delicious!!  They have a lovely salsa bar with many choices but I am such a wimp when it comes to heat.  The pico de gallo was yummy and fresh and the chips were crisp and fresh too.  I don't get to Maricopa often but when I do, you will be sure I will be going back to Tacos N' More!!
I have lived in Maricopa for more than 4 years and have driven by Tacos N' More numerous times but never ventured in until recently.  Of course, we again chatted with one of the owners, Mercy who was just a terrific hostess and down-to-earth great person.  Since then I have patronized them several times and the food is priced reasonably and TASTES GREAT!
My husband and I moved to Maricopa last fall and have been driving by this place every day. We finally stopped in a few weeks ago and....yum! Big fans of the carne asada burritos as well as the salsa bar. This place is our favorite restaurant in Maricopa. You should give it a try!
I don't know, maybe I hit this on an off day.  I ordered two enchiladas with carne asada, and one fish taco.  The fish taco was not solid fish, it was like chunk light fish, and smelled very fishy.  Hard to get the smell out of my office.  The enchilada meat was good, but the sauce was, I would say, just okay.  It's not horrible, but it's definitely not the best Mexican food I've ever had.  If you compare it to other Mexican food in Maricopa, probably not so bad.  But overall, not totally happy, and not sure I'm ready to give it another shot.  Very inexpensive, took about 15 minutes to get my food during lunch hour, even though I was take out.
Simply one of the best places in Maricopa to go for Mexican. Sure, the waitstaff gets a little cranky; but, they work hard and keep the place clean. 

I've had breakfast lunch and dinner here. Food is solid, always consistently good and the price is right! 

So glad they moved from their old location! 

Kudos to Tacos N' More!
Very good Mexican, my favorite in town.  Reasonable prices and good variety.
It is definitely good for the price, but I didn't see quite what all the buzz is all about. Perhaps we are all just deprived in the  culinary department out here in Copa. In other words, there just isn't much to choose from. The service was pleasant and fairly fast. This is  a good place for Mexican take out, and the prices were decent. I guess you get what you pay for here. The burritos were good, salsa is spicy, and I will also try their breakfast menu.
Friendly service, great prices, best Mex in Maricopa
As a native of Arizona, I have been exposed to all kinds of mexican food, good and bad.  T&M is consistently very good.  Their tacos are meaty, enchiladas are tasty, and my favorite dish, loaded nachos, are the bomb!  I oredered a couple dozen tamales at christmas, and they were HUGE, and full of moist tender meat.  The owners and their staff are very friendly, and they have a loyal repeat clientele.
Great customer service, asada burro enchilada style recommendation was spot on and can't go wrong with the loaded nachos
One of the best Mexican Restaurants in Arizona! It's delicious! Your food is ready very quickly, it's very affordable, good customer service and the owners are very nice. Every time I come in, they already know what I want! They're very good to their customers and I definitely recommend this restaurant to anybody in the area. Loaded Nachos and breakfast burritos are great. I would give it 10 stars if I could.
Yummy food!

The workers are always nice and the food is awesome. It isn't all greasy like other mexican resturaunts, they give you chips and they have a salsa bar so you can keep getting more items. Great place! :)
Good food, nice folks. Well worth a visit
Ok i've been coming here a lot but yesterday I will never go back..... EVER!!

It's a shame because I loved this place and will come here every other week with my hubs.. here's what happened:

We get there and it was insanely hot inside, I thought it was just me because I am preggo but my hubs said it was a scorcher inside.  I sat down and he went to go to the salsa bar for our chips.  He was waiting in line behind some "fluffy" lady, she took too long and he sat back down.  We were both looking at her so we knew when the salsa bar was free.. and then we see her dipping chips inside the salsa bar!! And not just a little chip she was getting gobs and gobs of it even though she is still standing there with salsa in her cups already.  She was sticking her whole hand in it it seemed like because she had salsa on her hand and we were about to call the worker over there to let her know what this customer is doing, but then we saw her double dipping her chips!! I sat there in shock.. she double dipped! It's now become a Seinfeld episode!  I apparently said the same thing pretty loudly because the couple in the booth behind us stopped and stared at her as well.  The worker there must have heard me, she looked at us, looked at Senorita Fluff and stood there with her mouth hanging open at the entire scene.  

I thought the worker was going to tell her to stop, remove the salsa and let her be on her way but no.... the worker went up to the salsa bar, looked at her and poured fresh salsa inside the bar.  So there was new salsa mixed with fluffy germs from that customer.

The couple behind us got up and trashed their food and left.  We should have done the same thing, we just got our food and thought that since Senorita Fluff wasn't in the back cooking our food, it would be fine but my poor hubs got sick after eating.

We won't be coming back again
Great place, food and service!! The new renovation really came out well. I have not be disappointed after numerous visits!

One request: PLEASE TAKE DOWN THE POLITICAL SIGNS!! I am surprised that a good business like this one would put this stuff up. BUSINESS AND POLITICS DON'T MIX!!
Good food and good atmosphere.

We have eaten here quite a few times and have enjoyed it every time.  It is not the best Mexican food in the world but its good and the best in Maricopa.
i really enjoy tacos and more, there food is impeccable and the staff and management are very helpful and polite. I highly recommend if your in the Maricopa area to stop in and grab a bite.
I'm new to this area and needed my mexican food fix because Cinco de Mayo was on my mind. This place is AOK in my book. Staff was very friendly,  salsa bar was nice and cold, place was clean. I ordered the Carne Asada burrito w/everything...which is rice, beans, cheese, pico, guac and sour cream. Then I made it green sauce enchilada style...what do I know I'm a yankee. It was big, affordable and most importantly tasty! They gave me some chips to dip while I waited. My salsa bar favs were the gaucamole salsa and the spicy(I added salt). I'll be back.
Mari-crapa as I call it, is lucky to have a place like this.
This business started in a dumpy little building South of the tracks.  They survived by serving great food.  As they have now moved to a much nicer location, their prices seem to have gone up but I am sure that it is because of the rent that they have to pay..  I wish they had better combo meals.  The staff seems well trained, and it is clean as far as I can tell.
Tacos N More has become a standby for us here in the Copa.... Don't want fast food and don't want to drive to town - lets go have Tacos!   The staff are very friendly - the place is clean and the food is good.  We usually get to-go - having a Mexican Coke or Mike's hard while we wait.  Almost everything is available a la carte - though the beans and rice are good - I usually just go for the main course!  

Carnitas - yummy.  Seasoned Pork - also yummy. Carne Asada - has a good flavor, but I usually find a gristle piece and get grossed out (weird I know).  Ground Beef - also very good - and not your mama's orange seasoned meat but course ground and flavorful.   Tamales - delish (last time we were in there they suggested them enchilada style - yum!)  Rolled tacos - Very good.   Hubby likes the quac - and 2.50 for a big container isn't bad at all.  Also a nice salsa bar.  I think my only complaint is the chips - they are thick and kinda stale tasting to me.  

*insert catchy jingle music here*  Next time you're in the copa  - come and try some tacos!  And Moreeeeeee!
Good fajitas, burritos, rice, beans, and churros. Fun atmosphere and Karaoke! I enjoy this place and it's salsa bar, and I'm glad they are experiencing success.
I was excited for a new taco shop in town, WAS. We ate there a couple times when they first opened and it was just OK, both other spots in town were better. When I saw they had expanded, I figured they found there stride. BOY WAS I WRONG. Tacos, how do mess up tacos? Gross fat chunks for one, weird flavor like it had gone sideways.

Don't even bother.
Closes without notice.  Meh, I'll  just go somewhere else more reliable.
The best mexican we have had after moving here from TX. We never thought we would find a mexican place as good as the one we had. Food was ready extremely quick and they were packed. Its going to be our new regular dinner spot. Only thing they need is a lady making the home made tortillas with beans and salsa on them when you walk in  you get one. Other than that value was excellent, the quality was amazing and the service was on point!   Thanks Tacos N More!  We will be here again soon!
What a menu! Tacos N More has a huge selection; quite overwhelming for first time diners.  They have tacos, burritos, enchiladas, etc.  and offer many kinds of meats: chicken, ground beef, shredded beef, pork, as well as more obscure such as tongue, intestines, etc (no thanks!).

I ordered a chicken burrito with rice, beans, and sour cream as well as a shredded beef taco.  They also give you tortilla chips and have a large salsa bar. The chips and salsa were excellent.  The shredded beef taco was also quite good, bursting with flavor. However, my chicken burrito was not good.  The main culprit was the chicken.  My first bite contained a huge piece of cartilage, and a couple bites later I found some bones, then fat.  This continued for the rest of the burrito.  I don't know about you, but I'd rather not have to spit bones/cartilage out when trying to eat a burrito.

Service was friendly and they have the 100+ flavor Coke machine which is nice.  They also have outdoor seating, but it is pretty run down.  I may come back and try something else, but I would avoid the chicken at all costs!
The service was perfect. The lady behind the counter was very courteous and helpful and big smile.  Orderded the enchilada and shredded beef taco and the cheddar nachos.  I was given a plate of chips and offered salsa bar while I waited for my order.  My husband is very picky about his enchiladas and he love the enchilada and the shredded beef taco!!!  I loved the nachos.  We will definitly be going back!! Yum!!!
Yuck! Low quality food at high prices. We won't be back. I already said this in tips but worth mentioning again that $2.05 for a regular size fountain drink is ridiculous. 

The kid's quesadilla has too much cheese that doesn't get melted all the way and the amount of grease is disgusting.
Favorite taco shop in Maricopa. Liked them more when they were in the dive across the tracks, had a homier feel even though it was a bit of a dump... But this place has good food, nice people running it, and reasonable prices.
They could give you a few more chips in their little chip boats though...
Love their chile rellenos, their red pork is killer.
Great place to get lunch or takeout, dining area is clean though a little sterile...
I come here for their breakfast burritos. I find them very tasty and reasonably priced. In my opinion, a great way to start the day. 

The older lady at the counter is always really friendly and always has a smile. 

Haven't really had much of their lunch / dinner menu. The first time I came here, I had lunch, a taco plate I believe. Nothing special and seemed expensive.

It's the breakfast burritos and the friendly people that bring me back every time!
Love this place.
Great food, especially the carne asada tacos, and friendly service.
Breakfast burritos are huge and packed with meat.

It's not the cheapest food but the quality is worth the price.
It takes a lot to seriously make me hate any dining experience. This place did just about everything it could think of to make me wish I never used an iphone app to find it. 

I went to Vegas this weekend to enjoy UFC 106 with some close friends. After Forrest Griffin made me happy I decided to top off the evening with something like The boiling Crab or the Crab hut. I used my friend's iPhone to find the nearest spot for us to indulge in some Cajun goodness. We got in a cab and hurried over to Cajun Crawfish. We arrived to find the place almost empty. We were sat and the waiter returned with our drinks. We ordered our usual and waited for about 15 minutes only to have the waiter return to our table to tell us they were out of corn on the cob....whaaaat?? ok ok ok...I can deal with that. But then we waited about another 30 minutes only to be confronted with the most flavorless crawfish and shrimp I have ever tasted in my life! Our potatoes come and they have no seasoning anywhere and are waaay undercooked. We sent the potatoes back to be cooked longer and they were still under cooked when the waiter brought them back. We ordered some steamed white rice and even that was horrible....how do you screw up rice? The sausage was undercooked, the crawfish was over cooked and lacked any flavor except spice. the shrimp was ok at best...a tad over cooked but still...ok. We tried to tell the female waitress about the potatoes and the rice only to find she doesn't speak English, so we were then stuck playing charades with the girl. After we were finished with our disaster of a dinner...we asked for wet naps. The lemon scented ones tend to cut the fishy smell out of your hands. Guess what?? No wet naps. 

We agreed to call it quits for the evening and head back to the hotel. We asked the waiter to call a cab.....after asking every employee in the joint "Do we have cab number?" we decided to make use of the iphone once again and called our own cab. 

We waited outside for our cab and noticed the sign for Cajun Crawfish stated "Grand Opening". Well, I don't know about "grand" but I guess the place is new. So here is my advice to the owners....shut down for a week and visit The Boiling Crab in LA area. Notice the flavor, the decor, the hospitable service, the flavor and the flavor or their food. Then come back to Vegas and regroup. There is no point in owning a below average establishment like this. When you have visitors that know what their food is supposed to taste like and visit your restaurant with certain expectations....they are just going to leave seriously unhappy and are going to tell all their friends about their piss poor experience. Not trying to be mean...but Cajun Crawfish is way under par. 

Cajun Crawfish failed to deliver...in EVERY way possible. I will not go back and I will make sure that no one I care about makes the same mistake I did by going here. Waste of time, waste of money and there was a risk of food poisoning with the whole undercooked sausage thing. It's clear this place doesn't care about the quality of their food....looks like they are just happy enough to be open and have anyone walk through their doors. 

2 lb shrimp (1 mild and 1 medium) FAIL 
2 lb Crawfish (medium) FAIL 
12 practically raw potatoes FAIL 
no corn on the cob MAJOR FAIL 
24 undercooked sausage FAIL 
3 orders of slice bread GOOD 
2 order rice FAIL 

I would have been happier with Popeye's Chicken and Biscuits
We decided to give Cajun Crawfish a try.  The restaurant is very long with red walls.  It was quite empty when we got there.  Only one other table with 2 customers was occupied.  

The waiter told us that they had a Grand Opening Special of 20% off entrees and a buy one get one free soda, with free refills.  For the drink, try the Sweetened Green Tea.  Not too sweet and compliments with the spicy seafood.

The special of the day was dungeness crab.  We didn't get it as it was $14.95/lb.  Instead we ordered 3 lbs of shrimp in a medium sauce, house special style and the catfish dinner.  We also ordered 2 orders of sweet potato fries, some rice bowls, corn and bread.  I agree with Andy R.  OMG - the shrimp were huge from its head to its tail - as big as the distance between your thumb and your index finger!!  The shrimp were as thick as your thumbs!!!  They were indicated on the menu as Gulf Atlantic Shrimps.  I think they were just huge Tiger Prawns.  Make sure you order some rice and some bread to sop up the delicious sauce.  The sauce was unfortunately too little but we managed to sop up every little bit of sauce.  The sauce had roughly chopped up onions in it.   The rice was so fragrant; I think it's jasmine rice.  Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm!  We wanted more shrimp so we ordered another lb of shrimp, this time with spicy sauce.  The spicy sauce this time had a bit of kick in it and it tasted better.

The waiter was very helpful, pleasant and quick to serve.  

Would we go back?  Sure, for that size of shrimp and the spicier sauce!

Take advantage of the Grand Opening Special of 20% off entrees.  It really helps!!!!
I'm all for a little competition in the crawfish world - but Cajun Crawfish is definitely not up for the challenge.  I was super hesitant with all the negative reviews, but still kept in open mind.

It's a large restaurant space with additional seating in the back around the corner with TVs abound  However, it's a pretty sterile environment, blame it on the high ceilings.

We started out with two pounds of Crawfish ($9.99/lb) with their House Special seasoning and Medium spice level.  (They have a warning that says their "spicy level is two levels higher than normal".)  The Husband did ask ahead of time if the crawfish was big and fresh, and the waitress said it was.  She also pointed out the tank in the back so we could have a look.  (I did walk over there to take a peek and noticed they had lobster and clams in the tanks too.)  You also get one side of corn and potato for order two pounds or more of crawfish.

When our order arrived in a silver bowl, we noticed a difference right away.  This wasn't the way we wanted our crawfish, and that was our mistake.  The Husband asked for some lime, salt and pepper to make a dipping sauce, but that couldn't help this crawfish.  Sure, they were large, but they were also dried out.  There was no head juice to suck out at all.  When you break the head off, you can tell there's something wrong immediately.  And the sauce in the bottom of the bowl is this watered down concoction of something or other.  I don't think it's as fresh as they say it is, the ones in the tank are just for show I think!    

The staff were friendly, and really anxious to refill our beverages.  But it couldn't make up for the sad crawfish.  We left after our two pounds and headed up Spring Mountain for Hot N Juicy Crawfish instead.  

We didn't order the famous shrimp that gets all the ravings, but did see some on someone else's table, and they were large indeed.  But then again, this restaurant is called Cajun Crawfish, not Cajun Shrimp. 

I did ask if they had any grand opening specials (especially since other yelpers mentioned it), but we were told they weren't offering them anymore.  However, I did notice an ad offering a discount on beverages just the other day.   Oh well.

Overall, Cajun Crawfish doesn't measure up for good crawfish the way I like it.  Sorry.

06.07.10 Update!  In a recent magazine article, they are changing their name from Cajun Crawfish to The Crawdaddy Crab House.  Hope that helps with business!
I like this place better then Hot N Juicy, their seasoning isn't as great as Hot N Juicy but at least their crawfish and Hugemungist shrimps are fresh. However, you must try the fried soft shell crab...it's not too salty. 
Soft shell crab basket- $9.95
Crawfish 1lbs- $9.99
Shrimp 1lbs- $10.95

Staff is great they check up on you all the time, so your mouth isn't burning from the hotness as much. 

Parking, there is lots of parking.
Service: Good 
Food: Good 
Restaurant: Ok 
Return Visits: Yes 

Gotta admit, we went over to Hot n Juicy Crawfish first but they were so busy and had an hour wait that we decided to go to Cajun Crawfish as a backup plan because we were really looking forward to havin' some Crawfish and we were HUNGRY so we didn't want to wait for an hour. I used to love Hot n Juicy, we used to go there when it first opened, when we'd be the ONLY patrons in the establishment... But ever since they were on Man vs. Food, we practically have no desire to go there because of the f'n wait!!! But enough about them, this is about Cajun Crawfish, my bad... 

We were a little hesitant because we had expectations about our Crawfish considering we LOVE seafood... But we kept an open mind, our motto is "We try it once, if we don't like it, we never come back". 
We were greeted right away and the staff was really nice. As we were waiting for our food, I decided to Yelp the place on my phone. Unfortunately the reviews were no bueno but again, we kept an open mind and my husband reminded me of our motto. It's a small restaurant but they have the capability to accommodate large parties. We ordered Crawfish and crab legs. Some of the reviews mentioned that the Crawfish were small, it wasn't the case the night that we came in, there was a mixture of big and medium sized ones. I LOVE garlic, that's why I was always a fan of Hot n Juicy but I always hated how I'd smell like garlic for days, no matter how many times I wash my hands, lemon I use, or how hot the water is when I clean my hands... That wasn't the case here, there was enough garlic flavor but not so much so that I'd smell for days, which was AWESOME because we were meeting up with friends after wards so I didn't wanna smell like I was swimming in garlic! Which, BTW, I didn't! 

I don't see too many negatives about this place, even though there are a lot of negatives, but we have returned a couple times after our initial visit... Except maybe, they can work on their decor? I kind of feel like I'm at a generic Chuck E. Cheese with that rinky dink mural, no offense CC! 

Overall, satisfied and have already returned.
We went to Cajun Crawfish a couple of days ago.  Although the place was empty, we were surprised by the food.  We ordered butter and garlic shrimp, snow crab and oysters with sweet potato fries.  They were all very good.  Ginormous doesn't begin to describe the size of the shrimp.   We would go back to this place the next time we're in Vegas.
I've never been to a place like this.  I've been really hesitant to because eating crawfish is so much work for so little reward, but my girl friends from Canada were in town and they love crawfish so I decided to take them.  Mind you, I WAS going to take them to Hot n Juicy first because everyone talks about it, but it was a 30-40 minute wait, we were all hungry....we weren't waiting.  So we headed over to Canjun Crawfish.  No wait, sat down right away.  You could tell it was a family own business, it was very odd atmosphere.  LCD screens throughout the place showing sports and other channels.  Paper menus like they printed out on their computer, but you know what?  Who cares! The food was awesome! 4 girls ate 10 lbs of food!
3 lbs of canjun clams (mild, the shrimps are HUGE!) 
1 lb of shrimp house special (medium)
6 lbs of crawfish (garlic butter - didn't have much taste) (2 lbs cajun mild) (3 lbs of house special medium)  the house special is canjun + Garlic butter.  

A few days later i was craving crawfish at work so i googled the restaurant and found out they did take out, ordered it 15 minutes before I got off work, by the time I got there it was all ready for me.  

Atmosphere isn't the greatest, but if you're with  bunch of good friends, who cares?  It doesn't have a dirty feel when you walk in.  You know how when you walk into some restaurants and you're just feel gross and everything just feels dirty?  Not this place at all.  Picture a wharehouse feel with long tables and chairs.  I was a bit disappointed when they didn't have crab, but hey whatever, we made do with what they did have.  Definitely looking forward to the next time.

07/23/10:  Need to revise my stars and my review.  Went here with a bunch of friends that had never been.  My first experience was awesome, but this time was very disappointing.  Went with a group of 5 ppl, we sat down, ordered and waiting.  1 friend joined us a few minutes later and ordered.  Food starts to come out, the person that came late finally gets his order....the person sitting next to me looks around and says where's my food?  Called the waiter over and asked him where his order was.  Waiter says, you didn't order anything.  I made a comment, he sat down with us and I distinctively heard him ask how hot was the hot while he was ordering, how can you get the guy that walked in late's order but not his? He offered to put the order in right away, but my friend was already pissed.  One friend ordered the shrimp, it was way overcooked.  Mine didn't taste the same as it did the first time, so I called the waiter over and he said they changed the recipe to not be so soupy.  I was like but that's why I liked it?  Long story short, we all left VERY dissatisfied.  I to this day get blamed for a crap dinner.
worst  food I had in VEGAS. service are slow,everything over here is bad quality. Not that much coustmer so there sea food is not fresh at all. EVEN vagetabile...NEVER COME BACK AGAIN
So I was craving seafood and didnt feel like paying an arm & a leg for it.  Decided to go here instead of to its competitor Hot N Juicy Crawfish because this place accepts Restaurant.com coupons.  Specifically wanted the cajun clams, the fresh shrimp, the crab legs.  Got there around 8pm on Sunday, for the fresh seafood, all they had was the clams, the blue crabs and the dungeness crabs.  They had crawfish but those were frozen (and not as good as the fresh ones).  

Ended up ordering a pound of cajun clams, the calamari basket, the butterfly shrimp basket and an order of sweet potato fries.  The cajun clams were awesome!!!!  The other stuff was just OK.  Total bill (food & tax) came out to $40.  With the $25 restaurant.com coupon, the total amount spent was $19 (This amount included the tip already).  Not a bad for some good seafood.  Also service was good.

1 star for their cajun clams
1 star for the restaurant.com coupon 
1 star for good service
We came here Friday night because we did not have time to wait an hour for a table at Hot N Juicy. I ordered a Blue Moon and the girls ordered sodas. Our server brought out the sodas, but my Blue Moon was no where in sight. She comes back a few minutes later to tell me that they were out of Blue Moon...so disappointed already.

What we ordered:

2 lbs crawfish - 1 lb house special sauce/1 lb garlic butter sauce
1 lb shrimp - garlic butter sauce
snow crab - garlic butter sauce
sweet potato fries
extra corn/potato

The crawfish was ok. The corn was cold on the inside. We didn't get our potatoes. We told our server that we didn't get our potatoes. She came back a couple minutes later to confirm that we did not get our potatoes...wtf?!! She goes back to tell the manager again and returns to tell us that they are out of potatoes and stands there for a minute without saying anything. I said, "it's ok" and she finally walks away. The sauce with the shrimp was good, but the shrimp were over cooked and tough. The crab legs come and they are not pre-cracked for us. I have to flag down a server to ask for crackers. 

This place has been open for a while now...why are the servers so inexperienced? Why do they not have potatoes or Blue Moon on a Friday night? If you don't have potatoes, shouldn't you tell the server to ask the customer if they would like something else. I will never come back here again.
Went here again, still think they have by far the best soft shell crab. The batter is just right, not too salty and not too breaded! 

My bf and I have been here about 5 times and always get great service! The prices did go up though, but that's understandable because of the oil leak. 

A lbs of shrimp is $12.95 
a lbs of clams was $11.95 
Soft shell crab $9.95 same 

The clams is something new that was on the menu so we tried it and it was delicious!
Went here several times now and still absolutely satisfied.  So much better than the "other" crawfish joint down the street!  Seriously, people why bother with the "other" place...it's a waste of time and money.

Ordered:
1 lbs Crawfish *Live-Medium (House Special)-$10.95
1 Blue Crab (M) Half Doz-$19.95
1 lbs Wild Gulf Shrimp-Mild House Special-$12.95
Enjoying every bite-Priceless

The flavor of the crawfish is truly there.  The shrimp were massive and delicious!  I loved the seasoning on the blue crab!  Best of all, they don't use frozen seafood unlike the "other" place and if they do use frozen seafood, they let you know ahead of time and give you a discount!  You can't top that at the "other" crawfish joint!

Their restaurant has great parking and no wait for seating unlike the "other" crawfish place.  Decor can use some upgrading and more pizazz but they still have the best crawfish!
Admittedly, we only came here because HnJ had a line 45 minutes long, we were hungry, and Cajun Crawfish (CC) could seat us right away. We had been to HnJ several times in the past, driving right past Cajun Crawfish (CC), due to previous poor Yelp reviews. We're glad that we took the chance, and would definitely come again.

12 of us rolled in around 9 p.m. (this place is open until  midnight on a Sunday night).  We were seated right away in the back area, near the Karaoke and the dart boards.  A fish tank was present, storing live crabs and crawfish.  The kiddies got a kick out of watching them swim about.

We ordered what we would normally order at HnJ--2 lbs crawfish each, medium or spicy, house special sauce. I changed it up a bit, getting a fresh dungeness crab. I was surprised and pleased to see that they grabbed a crab from the tank--nothing like fresh seafood.

The wait time was short, and the food piping hot.  The broth used to season/spice up the offerings was more souplike, rather than pasty like HnJ, and very flavorful.  Dipping the Cajun fries in the soup is a must, as is dipping the corn and potatoes into the broth. We asked for separate bowls of just broth, and ended up pouring most of it into the bag of leftovers that accompanied us home.

Complaints:

The chicken wings and chicken tenders did NOT come with fries.
The darts are pretty beat up, and lost their fins midflight.

Pretty minor complaints, i know, but thought i'd throw it out there.

We initially went in with HnJ on our minds.  If you seek to compare the two, there is no comparison--they are just different, with different flavors.  If you go with an open mind, and just expect good, flavorful seafood, you'll get it at Cajun Crawfish.
Like so many others, we went here because Hot and Juicy had a forty minute wait...BIG mistake!!

The service was awful:
~ waiter forgot our "Cajun" fries
~ our order came out with at least 10 minutes between everyone's dishes
~ the waiter's English got shaky when we asked which flavor our shrimp were and complained about a mix up

Although the shrimp are bigger, they don't compare to the bag of goodness the waitstaff delivers at the REAL crawfish place! Hot and Juicy is worth the wait...don't waste your time wit bad imitations
Looks like folks are givin' Cajun Crawfish a hard time.  Hmm.  Well, I've not yet been to the "other crawfish joint" in town, and I'm sure it's wildly amazing, but, I honestly really liked this place.
When I walked in on a Saturday night, it wasn't hoppin', but it seemed to have some faithful followers.  The lighting is a little dim, but comfortable, and the tables are covered in white paper just waiting to be doused in butter.
My friend and I used a restaurant.com coupon, which saved us $25 on our $35 bill, so could we really go wrong??
We ordered the shrimp with the house special sauce (a mix of garlic butter and cajun sauce), crab legs in garlic butter, a potato and corn. The only complaint I really have is that the corn seemed over-cooked and looked... well... over-cooked.  Otherwise, I have no real complaints. Now, at places like this, the shrimp is served with its head. Seeing the faces of my food has never been a sought after experience for me, but... eh...  Here's to new experiences.  Once de-headed, the shrimp was good, albeit just a hair over done.  Still yummy in its garlicky-spicy sauce.  The show-stealer, though, was the crab legs.  DELICIOUS.  Have you ever licked the OUTSIDE of a crustacean?  Yeah, that good.  This sauce was out of this world!  Butter, garlic, garlic, garlic.  I believe I took a butter bath.  One of those experiences where you look up afterward, shake your head a little and try to remember where exactly you are.  

So, perfect?  No.  Worth a try?  I would definitely say yes - especially if you choose to bathe with the crab legs in garlic butter.
We tried this place for dinner, and soooo glad we did.

At first, I wasn't too happy with the fact that they didn't have the mayo.  My bf has a sauce that he makes that uses mayo as one of the ingredient to make the best sauce ever to dip those little crawfish tails into.  However, after tasting the crawfish, no sauce was needed.

This place definitely has different flavors than that of HnJ, but I love it!
We (the two of us) ordered 4lbs of the medium house special and 2 lbs of the medium house special shrimps.  They were all so FRESH and flavorful.  I was never a shrimp kind of girl, but this place made it so yummy, that I actually prefer the shrimp over the crawfish!

The service was pretty slow though :(
If I wasn't watching my cholesterol intake, I would eat at this crawfish joint every single weekend!  But since I am somewhat health conscious, once every two months is my limit.
Didn't like the crawfish since they told us it was frozen but the shrimp was great!!! also we enjoyed the chicken strip.  suprise there weren't that many customer.  Will definately return when they have fresh crawfish.
I'm writing about my experience i had here about a year ago.  It is one of the few places i can give a 1 score too.    My friends and I came here because the other big crawfish place was too crowded and we were all hungry.   My friend suggested we try this place but I was a little reluctant.  I'm from southern california and I am use to Boiling Crab quality shrimp and crawfish.   

The fries were pretty average.   The sauce is really bland and watery.  It doesnt have much taste or kick to it.   

We ordered the shrimp but that didnt seem to fresh.  The shell was really hard to get off.   I also felt like it was hard to tagged the waiter when we were there even though there was only a few customers.   

All in all, i wouldnt come back here again.
I ran and I ran and I ran...but still I couldn't escape:)

Oh well, at least I worked up a nice sweat after my meeting with the legal eagles this morning:)

After 6 miles of detoxing, the first thing I like to do (after a shower of course:) is go for a walk:-)

I know, but when you get to be my age, you're so damn pleased that your body still works at all, that you use it every chance you get...it could be the last time that particular part works...you never know:-)

Seriously...That's what I did...I went for a walk through Old Town in search of a light retoxing:)

And I found my retox in an unlikely spot...that little alleyway off Main St., in Old Town!

You know...the one where the homeless guys would park their bikes and sleep late on Sunday...the one with the temporary chain-link fence to keep said late sleepers out...the one that looked like an over sized trash barrel:)

Well, the alley isn't for those sleepy heads any longer:-)

It's called "The Frontier Shops"...I'll think of something humorous to say about that later:)

The whole place has been cleaned up, remodeled and a slew (you heard me...slew!) of new business have opened or are opening up in there...and not just native american art and tee shirts, either:)

New businesses (small businesses) are the backbone of America and it is nice to see some things opening up again:)

The Cider Mill is a nice little addition to the noon time restaurant selection in Old Town...not too pricey, decent food, clean and bright:)

Nice people running it, too!

I was headed for David's to get a burger, walked by and looked down the alley at all the hustle and bustle and decided "I'd better see what this is all about"...those exact words!

They had a sign out front advertising "Coney Island Special":-)

If you know anything about me at all, you know they had me at "Coney":)

Pretty good Coney Island, too... a big 1/4 lb. all beef dog, plenty of sauce, potato chips and a refreshing beverage, all for under $8.00 (US money) and enjoyed at the communal table in the middle of the restaurant:-)

The decor is nice, the service is a still a little uneven (but consider they've only been open 2 1/2 weeks...the place still smells like wood stain for pete's sake:) and the menu is just right for the lunch crowd (big Ruben sandwich or a big Chef salad for $6.95...it's a pretty good deal:)

I think they will get better with a little time, 3 1/2 stars for now (and I don't round up, so 3 stars out of the gate is no knock on them:)

Finally, after lunch, I browsed for bit and came out of there with a little jar of Queen Creek Olive tapenade and a jar of Sanders Hot Fudge (these people are from Detroit and you Detroiter's will know what a treat Sander's is:)

Swing by and support the new business going into this part of Scottsdale:)

It's a patriotic, tasty and inexpensive way to "Hooray" for small business in America:-)
Uhmm... This place is AMAZING! Try the rueben, You won't eat anywhere else for lunch!
I went here on a recommendation and it was really good. I had "Kim's Chicken Caesar Sandwich and that was a bit small for me. Another day I ordered a "Build your own" Sandwich and that was a good size. I ordered a hot turkey sandwich which was pretty tasty! It's a really cute place and the people are nice. Everyone seems happy and says hello which is always a nice feel.

Update: I had the chicken sandwich again and it was a normal good size and tasted great!
I'm going to keep this short and sweet.  I really liked the food here.  I ordered the Build Your Own Sandwich today with a Groupon coupon.  FRESH, FRESH, FRESH.  Great portion, free chips, clean restaurant, friendly service.

There were 4 women working and I can tell you that if they keep it up, they're going to need some help to get the sandwiches out quickly.  They deliver too - and I'm sure it's with a smile.

I highly recommend for a quick, healthy, homemade lunch.  Prices are reasonable too!

**The restaurant is set off of Main - right across from the Rusty Spur - Look for their "A-Frame" sign on the sidewalk.  You won't miss it.
This place has one of the best sandwiches I've had in Arizona and just made the top 3 for my lunch list.  

Their pasta salad was excellent and so were their cookies.  Next time I go here I would consider getting only two pasta salads and four cookies for my meal.  

The chicken ceasar sandwich was served warm on a cibatta roll and the chicken was tender.  This location is difficult to find as it is setback from Main St., but if you look hard enough you'll find it.  
One other positive attirubute for the Cider Mill is they have a monthly contest where you can submit a sandwich that isn't currently on their menu and they will review the submissions each month and select one to be the sandwich of the month.  You get to name the sandwich also.  At the end of each year, they will pick one of the 12 monthly sandwiches to be a full time menu item.
Nice sandwich shop tucked a group of shops just off of Main.  My wife and I both ordered sandwiches.  (Traditional Ruben for me & a French dip on flat bread for my wife).   The sides are made there - fresh.  I had the pasta salad and my wife the egg salad.  We where both happy with our order, easily hands down a very good sandwich shop!  The shop is family owned and the service was friendly.  They also have a side shop selling pasta, sauces, etc.
Nice spot, with a friendly staff.  The sandwiches were very good, and the ingredients all tasted very fresh.  The lady at the counter convinced me to try the cookies, and I was not disappointed.  Oh, and of course, try the cider, it's no joke. Mmmm.
Growing up in Michigan, Cider Mills bring back so many fond memories... nothing compares to picking your own apples at an orchard and then grabbing cider and donuts and enjoying in the fresh, crisp, Michigan air.  So as soon as I saw the name of this place, i was sold.  I bookmarked it but with all of the traveling I've been doing lately, I didn't get a chance to visit until just last week.

I chose The Cider Mill Gourmet Market & Sandwich Shop as the destination for a casual lunch meeting.  There were three of us there.  Upon entering, I really liked the feel of the place.  It's hiding a bit but find the Rusty Spur and go directly across the street... while it's a new building, it's got charm.  It's clean and bright as well.  

The ladies working were busy with a large order when we went up to the counter to order so they told us it may be about fifteen or twenty minutes.  I waited long enough to try this place, I wasn't going to let another fifteen or twenty minutes stop me, so we waited.  I'm hoping they were short staffed that day or that they plan on hiring more help during lunch because the shop was not crowded.

Anyhoo, I went with the "Build Your Own Sandwich" (turkey, lettuce, tomato, onion, mustard on wheat)... I was actually pretty disappointed they didn't have avocado or multi-grain bread. (Their website shows a picture of big fat delicious looking multi-grain bread too.)  The others in my meeting went with the Tomato Mozz Sandwich, which they said was decent but nothing special.  We were all fans of the Pop Chips that came with our sandwiches though.

Perhaps my expectations were high because of the name?  And call me out if I'm wrong, but I didn't even see 'cider' as a beverage choice on the menu!  This place was "A-OK" but probably will not be a regular on my rotating favorite lunch places in Old Town... go check it out if you're looking for a decent sandwich at a moderate price - just don't go with high expectations like i did!
Thank goodness for Groupon, because if not for their daily offers in my inbox, I would not have heard about The Cider Mill, a little gourmet "deli" and market tucked in along Main Street in Old Town Scottsdale.

On a day that I had a need for lunch and the time to head over to Old Town, I made plans to use my $10 Groupon. I had already looked at The Cider Mill's website and made my initial choices since I'm vegetarian and I wanted to be sure they had options for me. Not only did they have Sue's Tomato Mozz sandwich as a regular, they were also offering a daily special of three-cheese grilled cheese. I was a happy vegetarian!

I ordered the aforementioned mozzarella sandwich, a cup of tomato basil soup, and a drink. The sandwich was offered with chips, which I could change to a pasta, potato, or cottage cheese side. I opted for the latter. 

I got my soup pretty quickly, which I ate while the sandwich was made. It was delicious! Then came the sandwich, freshly made and off the grill. The ciabatta bread was delicious, and the flavors melded perfectly. My cottage cheese was also amazing, spiked with radish, green onion, and cucumbers. I'm not a huge fan of cottage cheese, but this concoction was fantastic!

Although I didn't take advantage of them on this visit, The Cider Mill also hosts daily "delights," including cookies and individual strawberry pies. Perhaps next time.

Not only was the food wonderful, the service here was impeccable. I was warmly welcomed when I opened the door, and I had a nice conversation with a couple of the employees. Although most Phoenicians don't head into Old Town on a regular basis, if you're in the area for lunch, make a stop at The Cider Mill. Your tastebuds will thank you.
I have have given it 3 stars, but my partner gave it 4, just keep that in mind.

I had wanted to check this place out from the first time I saw it, and when it came up on Groupon, it was fate. My partner is a sandwich lover, so it was perfect.

Firstly, they didn't have a lot of vegetarian options, which I found disppointing. I'm so sick of my only sandwich choices being either tomato/basil/mozz or lettuce/tomato/cheese...and that's pretty much what they had here. I went with the caprese option.

Warning; when they say fire roasted tomatoes, they mean WHOLE tomatoes on bread. Now, I'm ok with a few tomato slices here or there, but giant squishy tomatoes looming over a few spare pieces of (fresh) basil and (fresh) mozzerella? So not appetizing. I ate what I could, but was not impressed.

My partner, however, made her own sandwich with Turkey, cheese, and some veggies, and she loved it. I agree that the bread was good, and I enjoyed the popcorn chips (rather than potato). The staff was incredibly nice, although the service was a bit slow, and the seating options were a bit odd (and not very accessible for those with disabilities).

I wouldn't PLAN on coming here, but if we were in the neighborhood, I'd stop by.
We've been going to Cider Mill since they opened and have given them a ton of business.  Their food is great.  

Had an awful experience today.  We went to order our food and the people who work there know us and that we're very good customers... they told us it would be in excess of 1/2 hour to get our sandwiches.  

People, you better staff up if you want to stay in business and keep your customers coming back.  30+ minutes is way too long for people on lunch break (that is in addition to commuting, ordering, and eating).  

We ended up leaving and going to Orange Table (a sandwich shop on the Scottsdale Mall area).  Incredible sandwiches.  Because of the experience we had at Cider Mill today, i'll likely go to Orange Table instead which is a 2 minute walk from Cider Mill.  

Get your act together Cider Mill.
I hesitate to post this becuase I don't want this to get too busy, but that would be hypocritical of me because I found out about it on Yelp. I did the build your own sandwich deal and it was amazing.  I will definitely be back.  I didn't get a drink and upgraded to their cottage cheese with a total tab of $8.50.  Very, very good stuff...
I like it.  I don't love it.  It needs work but shows promise as a premiere Old-Town lunch spot.  

This location is worth fighting for and good for them for occupying it.  It has that nestled in/hidden feeling that adds an adventurous ambience to what could have been just a standard lunch spot if put anywhere else.  The simply fresh menu mixed with the idea of fresh AZ cider about to hit your palette speaks to the soul.  Throw in their soon to be up and running soda bar and ice cream sundaes and you have a staple in Old-Town Scottsdale.  

Tried:  
 -Cider Mill Dip:  fresh classic take on a French Dip with homemade pasta salad. 
 -Hot Apple Cider:  once this steamy treat cooled down, it was worth it. 
 -Chili with Noodles, Cheese, Onion & Beans:  I was told this is referred to as 
   "Cincinnati style."  Chili...on noodles?  It was good stuff and
even a bit sweet to the taste.  

Saw:   
 -Chop Salad (no lettuce):   Looked good but not my cup of tea.  


Everything was good....not great.  The service felt like it was their first day of business.  So basically, there was no service or mood or energy in the place but as soon as they figure that out (and they will) this place will be good to go.
I ordered a egg salad sandwich from here and I would not recommend it. It only had egg and mayo and the egg was so smashed. Sorry but I have had a really good egg sandwich and this one was pretty bad. :(
Great fresh soups and sandwiches.  Don't forget to have a hand crafted root beer, cream soda, or sparkling cider.
I'm pretty sure it's safe to say I had the best sandwich ever at this place. I had the Reuben and man was it good! My boyfriend and I were visiting AZ for Spring Training and he found this little gem on Yelp and we decided to stop in for lunch. I can't describe how delicious my sandwich was. My boyfriend seemed a little underwhelmed by his choice of the grilled cheese and tomato soup special, but he agreed with my opinion on the Reuben. The bread was perfectly toasted and the cheese was just the right amount, not too much, not too little. I love that they brew their own drinks here too. I had root beer and my boyfriend had apple cider. The apple cider tasted super fresh and the root beer was super bubbly and kind of heavy for me (I don't drink sodas very much) but it tasted yummy. It was kind of pricey, but then again, it's a specialty shop in a touristy area so its to be expected. The food is cooked to order so really, no complaints about the price.
Hidden in old town. Awesome, family owned vibe. Great soda, obviously!!!! Food comes out really slowly. Don't expect to get in and out here. 

Not open at night... this is a lunch only venue
Packed back behind other shops in Old Town Scottsdale, this is a place easily missed but should never be neglected.  The sandwiches offered are both traditional and out of the ordinary.  With a kitchen taking up half the real estate, expect to get friendly with other customers as seating is at a premium in this place.  

The Reuben is a must for the first-timer, spot-on and delicious with every bite, best enjoyed with a locally brewed on-tap root beer.  I personally recommend the brie-and-pickle with sliced turkey, quite possibly the most delicous sandwich I've ever had from a deli-style restaurant, and equally enjoyed with a frosty on-tap cream soda.

Samples of both the root beer, cream soda, orange cream soda and apple cider are available and all very good.  I wasn't as much a fan of the cide as the rest of the choices, it tasted like a slightly fizzy Martinelli's apple juice.  They also offer all the choices in float form and with exotic syrups such as prickly pear.

A great place to visit in the neighborhood to get a taste of revisiting childhood and a past era.
Great ambience, friendly staff. Cincy style chili and homemade rootbeer floats.
Freshly brewed sodas!  They have a special "butterbeer" which is butterscotch soda if you are a Harry Potter nerd, and a seasonal pumpkin pie float which is rich, creamy, cinnamon-spiced, and delicious.  

When you are seated, you can sample some of their sodas before placing your order.  Our sampler consisted of the root beer, vanilla, orange, and apple cider.  The apple cider was the best out of the samples- not too sweet, not too tart, just the right amount of carbonation.  The orange soda was mild, and was a bit like carbonated orange marmelade since I could taste a bit of orange peel in the flavor.  The vanilla was, well, vanilla, and the root beer was pretty mild tasting, not a lot of "bite".  I had the butterbeer, which was delicious.  It is more "butter" tasting rather than typical "butterscotch" flavor, which made it pretty unique.  

They also have sandwiches, and Cincinnati style chili.  The sandwiches are very good.  I tried the veggie sandwich which was filled with nicely roasted and marinated vegetables on fresh toasted bread.  The chili met the requirements of Cincinnati style chili: noodles, thick, sauce-like chili with a hint of cinnamon, and various toppings like cheese, onions, beans.  It isn't quite as tasty as say, Skyline Chili, but it will do since we live in Arizona.

Service was good despite having a large lunch crowd to contend with.  The restaurant itself is very cute, designed with a "homestyle" feel in mind.  Definitely a place to try, especially for their sodas and apple cider!
So I went in here and saw that they have Mac n Cheese. What I got was better than I could have ever hoped for. It's homemade Mac N Cheese, the noodles were cooked perfect and the mixture of the cheeses( I believe 3 of them) went perfect together. I am embarrassed to say but I not only for seconds, I went for thirds! And they are very big portions too, I just couldn't get enough. The tomato mozzarella sandwich is awesome as well. The staff is super nice, don't pass this place up.
I cant believe it took me along to give Cidermill a review. I order lunch delivery from Cider Mill at least once a week. I have tried many things on the menu and never felt dissappointed. The quaility of the food is so fresh and well thought out. I highly recommend the Nay's Milly Philly  Or Tom's Tuna with the bread toasted
Creative food options. The flatbread pizza was loaded with toppings and can easily feed two people. They make their own sodas in two big tanks - lots of flavors. Highly recommend the vanilla cream. Friendly, down-home service.

Saw many folks coming in to pick up "take out" as well. Seems they do a great deal of this.
I never heard of this place until the parada del sol. A friend and I ate there. She had the mozz sandwich, which she loved, and I had the tuna fish salad, which I thought was great too. I also had a root beer float, Yum!
I thought the service was good - timely & friendly. 
Would defiantly go back.
This may well be the best roast beef sandwich I've ever had. The meat was really good and was prepared very well, and the bread was incredible. I had some of their own brew root beer and really liked it. Very rich flavor and full-bodied.
  The place is pretty small, and not much room to sit and eat. The staff felt like they were all family and it was very cordial - I felt like they were glad I was there.
I love The Cider Mill! Where else are you going to pick up an organic bath scrub along with an insanely delicious reuben sandwich? The chili with noodles and cheese is really good too. This place serves the height of comfort food, but with yummy little twists. Plus, they have butterbeer. Butterbeer, people! Some of us really need to pretend we're in Harry Potter sometimes, don't judge.
The ruben was above average and the rootbeer float uses rootbeer they make themselves right onsite! This is a great place to take the kids. I'll be back soon.

P.S. The cottage cheese is fantastic.
"I'm no food critic" but this place is amazing. I has the salmon dinner tonight and it was fabulous. The gourmet pizzas are also amazing. but my most favorite item at the cider mill is the "honey Weiss" beer. You gotta have one and then get the history on this particular hand crafted beverage! Outstanding service. Vicky the chef is extremely experiences. Definitely worth the money here. Them go to the pantry next door. This is a bonus!!!!  Thanks guys!!!
So, first let me say that this place is hidden away. I've been to "Old Town" Scottsdale many, many times. I'm not sure how new the place is, but I don't usually mozy down this little path, and have not recently. So, it was a joy to discover it, to be sure.

I came with my daughter, and frankly we were only thirsty from being all touristy. (Hey, locals get to be touristy, too.)  The place was small and busy so we sat at the bar. Upon reviewing the menu we found what they call a "Butter Beer".

Oh.
My.
God.
Is that good!

We had a second round it was so tasty. To describe it, I can only try calling it a butterscotch flavored soda, but that is not fair nor even sufficient. It is very sweet, but oh so good.

After that, we pondered food but the two butter beers actually topped us off pretty nicely. We'll definitely have to go back to grab a sandwich or something.
Buttered baguette, brie cheese and pickles.  These three ingredients happen to rank among my favorite things.  Never would I have thought to put them together.  Add turkey and you have yourself one heck of a delicious sandwich.  My first visit to The Cider Mill and I am positively hooked.  While I highly doubt I will be exploring other sandwiches of their menu due to my new addiction to "Brit's Brie & Pickle", I am looking forward to returning and trying their homemade sodas.
7/29/12
Little secret in amongst the jewelry shops. 

Wanted a cider. Ended up with an orange cream soda float.  It was good but a little small and chintzy on ice cream. But it was good. Nice snack. But nothing to bring me there in and of itself. Also root beer tapa were not working so only had their bottled stuff.

 But got to listen to employees complaining about tapa not working.

If I was wandering Old Town, I would stop in again.  But nothing that would bring me out of my way!
What a hidden gem! I just moved back to Scottsdale after several years away for college and grad school and have been excited to explore new places. I saw the reviews for the Cider Mill and was not disappointed.

Went there on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't very crowded, only a few other parties there. It's a cozy little place, very homey. Very friendly and helpful service, but not overbearing.

I had a hard cider that was really good--not too sweet, just right--and my friend had a homemade root beer that looked really good too. Per the suggestion of other Yelpers, I tried the reuben for my first time and man did that hit the spot. I don't even like Reubens that much (got light sauerkraut) but this one was awesome. Great rye bread and corned beef. The thousand island dressing was a bit sweet for my tastes but still good overall. My friend got the Nay's Milly Philly which also looked tasty. 

Can't wait to come back for lunch sometime and try some more homemade sodas and sandwiches!
This is a soda shop with various delicious flavors are made daily. 
Sott the owner is very welcoming and friendly and he'll give you suggeastions and tastings before you decide. Alos being torists he was very helpful in giving us ideas as to where to go eat.  Thanks Scott!! I suggest having the Prickly Pear Float!! Yummy!! But im sure the rootbeer float is also good as the rootbeer was quite tasty.
What a pleasant surprise! I am not a big fan of sandwiches but I was in the area at lunch time one day last week and so I decided to give them a shot. As luck would have it, their special of the day was grilled cheese which is my favorite!  The only thing that would have made it perfect would have been tomato soup but instead they did have a green chili chowder that was pretty tasty and suitable for dunking. The sandwich came out perfect; toasted crispy on the outside and melted gooey on the inside.  It had three different types of cheeses so it was just delicious!

To finish off I got a butter-beer to go.  That has to be the most delicious beverage I have ever tasted!  I love the idea that they make their own soda and ice cream and you can come up with whatever combinations you want.  It is a wonderful concept.  The service was also great, everyone was so friendly.

This is someplace I will definitely return and tell my friends about.  The market also looks cool.  There were lots of local foodie products, especially from Queen Creek Olive Mill.  I also noticed some from Stonewall Kitchen which is not local (they are based in Maine) but I love their stuff, too!
Great little sandwich shop! The food was fresh and delicious. The waitstaff and chef were friendly and attentive. Drinks (alcoholic and non) were yummy! We went for Thursday night dinner and sat outside - great setting. If you want a fast, great tasting, low-key lunch or dinner (open late on thursday only, I think) go to the Cider Mill!
2 words for you ROOT BEER. Now that's saying a lot for me because I don't drink Dark Soda of any kind but the Root Beer here is AWESOME. I remember when we were on vacation here in Arizona in 2009 that they were just getting this place built. Now I didn't know at the time this was going to be the Cider Mill but I knew something unique and interesting would be put in this space because most things in Old Town Scottsdale are. The staff that runs the place are very nice and they will even let you sample the 5 different Root Beers they currently feature. I don't care for any of the others but again the original Root Beer was awesome. The outdoor seating is awesome...but this locale can be a little tricky to find so just make sure you ask someone and I am sure they will point you in the right direction. I can tell you it is down a wooden old town walkway right near Del Sol which I reviewed earlier.

If you visiting our great state of Arizona and you decide to come to Old Town Scottsdale please stop in and just say hello and they will treat you to some pretty DAMN good Root Beer. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
I can't say too much, since we only ordered sandwiches to go.  It has a nice location, nice atmosphere, and great interior.  The service was friendly; however, one of our sandwiches was made incorrectly - not a big deal really.  I regret to say that I did not get to try any of their sodas :(, though the sandwiches were pretty good.
I must preface this review by saying that we had a very different expectation of what this place would be compared to what it was.  It was recommended to us by friends and was described as a "cider bar."  We imagined cider tasting, pub food, etc.  

It is much more friendly lunch spot than gastropub.  That being said, the staff was extremely friendly and welcomed us like we were expected.  They currently have one cider available but are working on more.  The food was very, very good.  We shared a pretzel and it was clearly fresh (I always worry about being tricked and getting a frozen Super Jumbo pretzel).  My caprese sandwich was delicious.  They had a wonderful menu of homemade sodas, sundaes and floats which we didn't sample (but would like to next time).  

Super friendly folks and definitely a must-do if you're in Old Town.
When I was first seated, I was told that the daily special was either Chicken or Tuna Salad. I got really excited because Chicken salad was just what I was craving.  When the waitress came back, I went to order the Chicken salad and she told me that they did not serve Chicken salad nor have they ever served it.  I was confused and disappointed so I ordered the Tuna salad instead.  It was rather bland and unsatisfying.  The nice outdoor seating was the only redeeming aspect of my experience there that day.
Delicious.
The hands down absolute best lunch spot in Old Town.  I have been happy with every meal I have had here.  My favorite feature is the homemade appeal of everything -- tastes like lunch at my grandmother's house. 

My favorites include:  pasta salad, spiked cottage cheese, french dip sandwich (YUMMY), the sodas, rootbeer floats and the specials are always over the top delish!
Awesome place! Shared a root beer and butter beer with my husband. They tasted amazing! You can taste the quality and workmanship in them. The butter beer tasted better than the stuff in Harry potter world in universal. And the root beer was the best I had. Way better than boylans. The woman was so friendly and cool. She helped us decide on what we should see while we were in the area. I was not disappointed with the drinks or suggestions!
Well the single $ sign on yelp and the 4 star rating lead me here after a long day of driving from CA. My lady and I ordered tuna melt sandwiches.  Service was fine but at first glimpse of our sandwiches I was extremely disappointed. The size was so small. The taste was just eh.  I make a way better tuna melt at home for way cheaper.  $22 for two small and mediocre sandwiches which actually came out to $12 a piece with a $2 tip.   We opted not to get a dessert on the account of how disappointing the food was. I say save your money. For $11 I expected a lot more. Thanks a lot yelp.
I'd definitely go back again for the homemade root beer, egg cream sodas and prickly pear soda! Yum!
Friendly staff and great food.  Daily specials are generally what I order and the hard cider is as good as it gets.  If you are not into hard cider, they also make their own Root Beer and other sodas so it will suit a variety of tastes!
Stay very friendly. The food was just ok- if you're in the area and are looking for a quick lunch I would recommend.
I was in Scottsdale for work, and had some time off, so I was wandering around and came across The Cider Mill. I actually wasn't that hungry, but I decided to get a pretzel and some sangria. SO GOOD! I was here back in February and I'm still dreaming of that pretzel. It was buttery, salty goodness.
I came here for lunch with my fiance. 
We left a bit disappointed. I ordered the greek salad with grilled chicken and my fiance had the Ruben. 
The salad was good but it was just your average salad noting special, greek salads are suppose to have olives, theres did not have any, the chicken was premade.  My biggest gripe with this place is the price 12 dollars for a salad is fine but it was very small for the price. 
After tip we had spent over 30 dollars for lunch for a sandwich and a salad w/ a root beer and a diet coke 
over priced for OK food
Been here 2x. Both experiences were excellent. Sitting outside provides the added bonus of a nice cedar smell. Inside, gigantic brewing containers hold the homemade sodas. I tried the Prickly Pear Soda. It was tasty, but not my thing. The The Cider Mill Dip is excellent and comes with big portions. I recommend the cottage cheese for a side. I give it 4 stars for quality but I'm holding back the 5th because I feel menu prices are a tad bit above market.
Root beer is delicious.  Service is very good.  It's hidden waay in the back of a strip of stores so you won't see it driving by.  Enjoyed or meals.
I have to admit this place is a bit overpriced for the quantity of food u  get but its quite tasty! I normally get the Millwich sandwich and its always DELICIOUS! The ingredients taste so fresh and overall full of juicy flavors!

The location is AMAZING! right in the old heart of Old Town Scottsdale. The place is a bit small inside, but you can always sit outside, which gives you the feel you're no longer in Arizona. 

Customer service has dwindled quite a bit. The last couple times the women there seemed grouchy and like they didn't want to be there, which was bizarre because prior to that I've always had the best experience. 

If you're looking for tasty sandwiches this is the place, just make sure you're aware its not exactly your moneys worth and you might not get them in a friendly mood. Other than that, YUMMY sandwiches, AMAZING location.
My party of 4 came here last Saturday before catching a show at the Comedy Spot up the road. I thought the casualness of the place would make for a quick and easy dinner, get us to the show with plenty of time and given the reviews on Yelp, I thought it would be tasty!

As we arrived, this place could be easily missed. Its situated down a hall behind some shops. As we walked up, there was one party sitting on their patio. While it looked nice, it was a bit to warm to enjoy so we went inside. We were greeted immediately and looked around to see if we should wait to be seated or pick where ever. When we explained we had never been there, we were told we could sit anywhere and they'd be right with us. Apparently this place is never busy on Saturdays at 6:30pm because the woman running the show told us that about 20 times as she took other peoples orders, made their food and delivered it and thanked us for our patience while she worked. It was like she could only focus on one table at a time though and the minutes started to tick by. We did at least get served some drinks while we waited 30 minutes to order our food and I tried the root beer. It was good but not being a root beer fan, it seemed a little flat to me? We finally ordered our food after waiting for 30 minutes and had food on the table 15 minutes later. Since we were in a hurry at that point, we scarfed down our food. While the chef salad I ordered was pretty good and the others in my party also said their sandwiches were really good, I can't say I'd come back. The prices did seem a bit high for what you got and a trip to the bathroom in the back had you walk by all their produce, some of it spoiled. Given the service (while she was friendly the entire time that she thanked us for our patience) I maybe only come back to try the pretzel other's have raved about but I wouldn't go out of my way.
BEST Reuben sandwich and roast beef sandwich I've ever had, and I'm from NY! Would have loved to try a root beer or cream, or egg soda, but I was too full! Great place, very nice owners and staff!
Amazing little place in Old Town Scottsdale.  It is located in an area called "Frontier Town" which is designed to look like the old west.  I had the ruben to eat and one of their homemade sodas to drink.  I was very impressed with both!  Cider Mill brews their own Cider and Soda which is pretty cool.  You can sit near their brewing tanks.   Can't wait to go back and try more!
I give this only three stars, but not because of the food. The food is good, but expensive for what it is. It's sandwiches and salads. Eleven dollars for roast beef w/au jus and a bag of chips? It's not grass-fed roast beef so why so expensive. 

That's my only problem. You can get these same meals at other restaurants for less money, and they're not complicated meals to make well.
I want to really like this local spot but their sandwiches and prices relegate it to being a sort tourist trap in the kitschy part of Old Town Scottsdale.  Regardless, their soda options are something fun for the kids.
The staff were very helpful and friendly. The food was average but I thought it was expensive for what you got. The specialty drinks are great. Would recommend going for drinks only.
The owner and staff are SOO friendly!  The sandwiches were over the top-amazing breads and generous portions of meat.  The bloody Mary has chipoltle sweet and sour in it-delicious!  A must visit in old town!
We loved this place! They were so friendly. The Mac n Cheese was delicious! The kids sat at "the root beer bar" and drank shots of their different flavors of homemade root beer. We will definitely visit this place when we come back to town.
Excellent service...everything is homemade...the prickly pear cream soda was our favorite. I had the mandrew sandwich buffalo style, it was excellent. Wife had the turkey pickle Brie and loved it. Well definitely be back and the happy hour seems like a great deal so well come back for that. Overall cool experience, they make their own soda if you haven't seen...which can be taken home in growlers...and they do a ton of really unique floats if you're only looking for a snack.
Great atmosphere right in Old Town Scottsdale. 2 of us had the Reuben's with a Root Beer Floats, which were great and 2 had Marty's Mediterranean sandwich and they both really liked them. The ambience is enjoyable and we will be back for lunch again.
The food was good but honestly nothing special. It was really pricey. I spent $23 including tip for a sandwich and a margarita. It cost $.50 just to upgrade from chips to potato salad, and it was a fairly small amount of potato salad. The margarita was $7 and was in a medium-ish sized hurricane glass. It was delicious though, creamy and on the rocks. It took a lot of restraint to not chug it down. Overall, I was underwhelmed considering all the rave reviews.
I enjoyed both the dining experience and the shopping. It was the only place i found where i could purchase quality Assam tea (the store). I had never seen an eatery where you could create your own soda. I wasn't very hungry when I came here but I was up for trying any of their sandwiches, the sandwiches looked like they might be pretty good. Even better than that just about everything on the menu, drinks and food is prepared the way you like. I even had off the menu treats. Another favorite is the soda sampler offered so that you can try out different flavors before you choose.
Why I had I not been here before!?? Omg. This place is a hidden gem. We went for the homemade root beer which was fantastic and the owner, let me sample the prickly pear soda. Awesome!! And a prickly pear margarita, I think? Whatever it was, it was amazing. I also sampled the cider that they brew in house. I'm not a cider fan but this was outta this world. So yummy!
This place is a hidden gem in Old Town Scottsdale. They say the small mom-and-pop restaurants have some of the best food, The Cider Mill Gourmet Market still holds true to that saying. 

This place is a real treat. It is small but cozy. The service was great and the food was outstanding. I had the turkey sandwich (which was awesome) along with the strawberry fantasy float. This was the best float I've ever had. It was better than my grandmothers floats from back in the day (and that is saying alot). I give this place 5 stars with no hesitation.
Favorite lunch stop in old town. Friendly family run business with delicious soups and sandwiches. I get the tomato mozzarella almost every time.
I think that this is the retail arm of the wholesale business already on Yelp. Since I am a retail customer I have added this business info.

I have got to say that is shop is soooo good. The staff really know their stuff and are great at making suggestions based on your likes and your needs. I must say that this is a very strong rival to Mellis - perhaps because it has a real family feel to it as opposed to the slightly more "chain" feel that Mellis has these days. I love that they also sell other high quality produce you may want along with your cheese - crackers, chutneys, quince, olives, bread, anchovies etc. I have not tried their pastries, but their croissants look HUGE!! 

This is a great shop for gift buying, and the family Christmas cheeseboad is always stocked from here! A true gem in Bruntsfield.
I walked by this shop the other day and randomly decided to go in, and I am so glad I did. Its full of huge rounds of cheese, breads, meats and olives. Its the kind of shop you would go to if you had company coming over for dinner. Or perhaps you were going to be on Come Dine With Me and only the finest produce would do.

I love cheese, but my figure doesn't. I could quite happily sit in this shop and nibble on the huge selection of cheese, there is so many to try it would take forever to get through them all. The products in here completely blow supermarket produce out the water, this is real quality produce. I enjoyed some Mull Cheddar and some Brie and it really was delicious. It wasn't badly priced too which was a real bonus. I took home some bread too which was carbohydrate goodness. The staff are knowledgeable and friendly too, and its always great to support family businesses in these tough economic times.
How often do you come across a cheese shop? 

Ok, let me re-phrase ... If is not often that you come across a cheese shop. Especially one as good as Clark's Speciality Foods in Bruntsfield. I never really 'got' cheese until my brother decided to work his way through series one of Come Dine With Me, and I've found that I have quite a healthy appetite for it. This small shop is the perfect place for all your cheesy-dreams to come true. It's really traditional and quaint and is the sort of place I want to take my Grandparents to, to show them where I shop. The staff are very friendly and the whole experience is a thoroughly enjoyable one.

I would recommend this shop to people throwing a big dinner party, or trying to impress that someone special - everyone knows that cheese is the way to a woman's heart. 
(...quite literally, if you think about cholesterol...)
Clark's is why there are still some small independent retailers that are still staying afloat in spite of ever-expanding supermarket chains.
From the outside it looks like it's just a cheesemonger, but there are two things wrong with that. 

1) It's not "just" a cheesemonger, because it's possibly the best cheesemonger for miles around. Their focus is on "farmhouse and artisan cheeses", and even if you have no idea exactly what that means, one thing you will grasp is how great they are. In layman's terms, they have strong ones, mild ones, blue ones, ones from cow's milk, goat's milk and even sheep, smelly ones, gooey soft ones and hard ones. Conclusion: you're bound to find something you love. If you're having a dinner party where you'll need cheeses for afterwards, this is where you should head - they let you sample a slither of them so you can try it before your friends/guests do.

2) They sell so much more than cheese. I think it originally started out as a cheesemonger specifically, but now they also stock every cold meat, chutney, wine and bread you could ever need to go with it, as well as the usual selection of olives/artichoke hearts/roasted peppers/whatever else you can marinate in Olive oil, which every good deli has.

If I only had £10 left in the world, this is where I'd spend it.
This is a real delicatessen, not just a 'deli' with sandwiches and stuff, but the real thing.  It has a massive range of cheeses of every texture, colour and smell and each one is specifically sourced from an expert in the field.  They offer tasters on top of the counter which is a great concept and one that must encourage custom.  The most disgusting looking cheeses actually turn out to be some of the nicest you've tried id you give them a go.  My favourite was the Wensleydale with cranberries which I couldn't get enough of. 
I think it specialises in cheese, but it also has a good selection of cured, boiled and smoked meats ranging honey glazed smoked ham to spiced beef.
Food of this quality, of course, comes at a price and most of it is quite pricey, but if you care about good food then this is the place.
Woah, the stench of cheese! Maybe it's a heavenly smell to any cheese fanatics out there, but to a moderate cheese fan such as myself... it just stinks! However it's unavoidable at Clarks, because that's basically most of their stock, and they seem to have mountains of the stuff!

 This is a relatively small store, and from the exterior one can tell it's a quality place. They've got almost every cheese you could want, and a lot of the Scottish variety as well which was a novelty for me. Aside from the rotten stuff, they also sell fancy bread, wines, olives and pasta, and after checking out their website I was impressed to see they import fruit from a famous parisian market each week. I'm not so sure how economically (or environmentally) sound that is, but it definitely lends to it's image.

All the cheese I've tried there was fantastic, but I especially love the fresh bread! The staff were also really friendly, and it is a family business, which may give it a little bit more of a personal touch.
Bread
Crackers
Olives
Sunblushed tomatoes
Anchovies
Asparagus
Oatcakes
Pastries
Olive oil
Balsamic vinegar
Truffle oil
Smoked salmon
Salami
Pate
Terrine
Spanish acorn ham
Manchego
Buffalo mozzarella
Goats cheese
Cheddar
Brie
Coffee
& Wine

A family run deli, Clark's stock all kinds of tantalizing and tongue-teasing ingredients. There's tasty bread, fruit, vegetables and salads but the real pull is the speciality cheeses and charcuterie from various artisan makers and farmers around Scotland and Europe. In a word: YUMMY.
An entire grocery store (ok, it's more like a 7-11 in size) Gluten Free? Sweet!

This place is great.. lots of products. They also sell alternative items such as dairy-free stuff. They have a lot of kits for everything from baking muffins to dinner stuff like Hamburger Helper-style kits.

I HIGHLY recommend this place and hope they get the support they deserve. 

The staff is SUPER friendly, helpful, and engaging. GO HERE AND SPEND MONEY. :)
I was thrilled when I heard about an entire store devoted to the Gluten-free lifestyle. I was even happy to make the long trek from North Scottsdale. With a recently diagnosed seven year old Celiac, I have been desperate to find healthy but delicious GF options. The selection here is great with everything from cereal to cupcakes. But what I really took away from it was loads of information graciously bestowed upon me by the owner. He talked with us for 15 minutes about diet, lifestyle and different resources including a tax credit for GF foods! Did you know about this? Amazing! All around, a great experience and we will definitely make the trek again.
Oh my goodness!  The cinnamon rolls are delish!
We went to this store, right before heading back home, to the chicago area last year.  i had only been gf for less than a year.  found out about some wonderful products and another gf store in Milwaukee, WI......  great products!!! esp oatmeal raisin cookies from Fresh from the Goddess!!!!! those were gone before we got to the airport.....looking forward to visiting here again very soon......when we come back to the Phoenix area!
FInally a gluten free heaven!!! I love going into this store and shopping my heart out. I love that he carries so many items that you cannot find in all the other grocery stores. The owner can tell you the difference between all of the pancake mixes, cornbread, pretzels etc.  SO HELPFUL!  I love that i don't have to read labels and risk getting sick. I love how nice the owner is and how helpful he always is. I absolutely recommend this spot for any special dietary needs!!
Love this store! Gary the owner is very knowledgable and helpful. I love all the fresh baked gluten free goods he keeps in stock too. I
I had the worse experience there. I'm new to this whole gluten free and I had a few questions. The problem was the guy that was manning the store was on a personal phone call the WHOLE time. So I finally started to leave and he stopped me to wait. By this time I was pissed and said no an left.
Great place to find GF food.  Maybe not the cheapest, but with everything in the same spot very convenient.  Probably saved gas money by not having to go to multiple stores.  Finally found GF tortillas that are awesome! They have fresh and frozen baked good from a local GF bakery.  Liked the fresh cinnamon rolls.  May not be Cinnabon, but will never find that in GF anywhere.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.  If you are just starting out as a new Celiac or going GF for any reason, go here first.  This would have been awesome for me when I was forced to go GF a couple years back due to health issues.  Husband is not GF, but found some GF pretzels he loves at a reasonable price (was much more expensive at Fry's).  Store items include snacky GF foods as well as mixes and hamburger helper type / rice mixes.  My favorite item is the scones, they are in the freezer case in the back (local bakery).  OMG I finally felt I was normal again, except I ate them all in one night....
Solid 3.5

This place is brand new. it is a market and a great place for lunch. 

My review is for lunch only. 

Gyro $5.99
Fry's and drink $2.50
Total $9.22

The place is clean and has plenty of help. Everyone is extremely nice and helpful. 

The food was average, the pita was warm and the gyro meat was good. It is cooked on a spit. The tzatziki sauce was thin and not too flavorful. I have had better. 
Fries were a thicker type and had a little seasoning on them. They give enough for two to share. 

The salads looked good as did the "plate" types of meals . 

I will go back but may skip the fries and drink.
I work right across the street from this new place.  The market is very interesting - stocked with a lot of unusual foodstuffs both unidentifiable and unpronounceable! 

Cuisine seems Greek to me but fairly good.  The decor is pretty basic, sharing as it does the space with the market.  Not true waitress service - your food will be brought to you but it's serve yourself on drinks, place settings, etc.  So, essentially a fast-food experience.

You queue up in front of a deli-counter type space and give your order over the glass.  Plenty of friendly banter with the staff; Greeks are always loquacious, or so it seems to me.  They were more than happy to customize my order, which I really appreciated.  

I had one of their vegetarian platters and was underwhelmed.  Humus was quite good though.  My lunch companion had a chicken giro and fries, and it disappeared so fast I have to assume it was great!

Ownership is very friendly.  Recommended.
Returned for a quick lunch and got the classic gyro sandwich with fries.  Nice portion size.  Fries were not over cooked - done just right.  Extra yogurt sauce in a little plastic cup in the to-go box was a nice and welcome touch.

Have a selection of unusual drinks and I had a Jaritto (?) mango soda from Mexico.  Tasty - although my colleagues kept teasy me about drinking a beer!  You could tell it was Friday!

Also, I tried a few of the little plastic wrapped candies they have in bins near the front of the store.  The nougat with pistachio nuts in it was very good.  The one which is orange with a date center looked better but I was disappointed in the flavor intensity.  Still tasty though.
BAKLAVA!!! There BAKLAVA is amazing and they have like 5 kinds which is crazy because I thought there was only one kind(its the walnut one there u will understand if u go!).  Anyway aside from that all the food Is great from gyros to cheeseburgers!  You won't be disappointed, and don't let the market part with odd unlabled things intimidate you, its def worth checking out !
I was awakened from my foodie revery of perfectly seasoned babaganooj on home-made bread by an eerie orgasmic humming. I looked up and saw Ken, his eyes glazed over, humming to his glass of iced Turkish coffee, a delight of his own creation. When Tony, the owner (along with his wife Juliette) came over to investigate, he decided he had to have one too.

     This took place at Olive Tree Mediterranean Market and Grill in North Phoenix. Unlike most small groceries, Olive Tree is bright, clean and cheerful. The shelves are stocked with fascinating Middle Eastern delights - jars of olives and tahini, an interesting assortment of cheeses, sweet treats that I'd never seen before. You order at the counter   
from a good size selection of ethnic dishes, plus a few typical American items. Food is then brought to your table in a sectioned off area.

     I had discovered Olive Tree on Restaurant.com. Since we had to order $35 of food from the menu, we ended up with quite an array of dishes. Now that I think of it, the humming started with the above-mentioned baba. This roasted, pureed eggplant concoction is found in most Middle Eastern restaurants, with varying results. It can be very flat tasting if too much tahini (sesame paste) is mixed in, or it may be over-spiced. This baba was beautiful, with all the tastes dancing in our mouths. Julliette makes her own bread to go with it. The texture is very different from pita (even the pita served here was selected with great care), crustier and chewy. A special of the day was stuffed cabbage. About the same size and shape as the stuffed grape leaves (which were delicious), these are lighter and lemony good - a real treat. We shared a combination kebab plate with chicken, kefta, and shish-kebab skewers. This paled in comparison to the other dishes, since the meat was on the dry side. The baklava was quite good, it wasn't soggy with syrup, so the layers of phyllo dough made a satisfyingly crunchy noise.

    After lunch we did a little shopping. We got some delicious feta cheese and something called Chicago cheese, which reminded me of mozzarella. I could have bought more, but Ken wisely herded me out the door.
Wow the baba was silky smooth with a very pleasing eggplant flavor, and the hummus & falafel were nice as well.  Good presentation and flavors in the food.  This is really a market with a little cafe/grill that has a few tables with chairs, so unless it's outside the rush dining hours I would just plan on getting it to go.  

Prices are reasonable as well.  Only negative was the wait time for the food, even when it wasn't very busy.  But I suppose good things come...
(I would give them a 5, but they are new and need some time before they rate a 5.)

My husband is from Greece, well Crete, actually.  We stumbled on this place on the way home one day and thank goodness we did!  We didn't get a chance to eat in the deli (although the owner kept bringing us samples to try), but we did shop in the market.  It is a very new store, so the shelves aren't full yet, they're trying to figure out what the customers want.  We felt the selection was very good--canned goods, dried beans, fresh fruits and vegetables, frozen meats, and of course olives and feta and desserts.  The prices are very reasonable.  My husband says they're better than anywhere he's seen. 

We got a leg of lamb and it was the most tasty lamb I've had in a long time.  I'm a fan of sheep feta, whether French or Bulgarian.  I think we got the Bulgarian this time.  Everything we got (except the Baklava-type desserts, I wasn't so crazy about them, and I love dessert!!)  The owner let us try their hummus, tabouli, and falafal -- all were fantastic!!

The owner even showed us his catalog and said he would special order anything we wanted!  Super friendly, clean, good menu in the cafe, can't wait to try it!  This is a fantastic jewel of a place on Pinnacle Peak & 19th Ave, just south of Norterra.
My husband and I LOVE Mediterranean food and there are so few options on the far north side of town, so we were anxious to try Olive Tree once it opened.  The space is great; light, bright & inviting.  We ordered a gyro platter, a side of hummus and one of the vegetarian combo platters at the counter, chose a seat and were served quickly.  The hummus was flavorful, but we felt it was a little thick - luckily there were several types of oil set out near the drink machine for use at our discretion - including various olive oils and even avocado oil.  We drizzled the hummus with a bit of the regular olive oil and fell in love.  The falafel were wonderful; packed full of flavor, moist and piping-hot.  Hands-down the best item we ordered was the gyro platter.  So, so, so good.  Gyros are the first thing I try at any new Mediterranean joint and I use it as the litmus test for everything else.  These gyros are my new favorites!  We chose fries for a side and were NOT disappointed; these were delicious.

Our only real complaint was the pita which came with the hummus; it was run-of-the-mill; straight out of the bag, stiff and bland.  Weird, since the pita which came with the gyro platter was warm, pliable, well-seasoned and delicious!!  

The proprietors are super friendly, and the grocery has lots of fun goods to take home.  We picked up a few jars of pickled items and tried two types of the baklava as suggested by Justin V. - LOVED it....great suggestion; don't leave without it!
Great gyros
Solid 3.5

This place is brand new. it is a market and a great place for lunch.

My review is for lunch only.

Gyro $5.99
Fry's and drink $2.50
Total $9.22

The place is clean and has plenty of help. Everyone is extremely nice and helpful.

The food was average, the pita was warm and the gyro meat was good. It is cooked on a spit. The tzatziki sauce was thin and not too flavorful. I have had better.
Fries were a thicker type and had a little seasoning on them. They give enough for two to share.

The salads looked good as did the "plate" types of meals .

I will go back but may skip the fries and drink.
MMM Just finished lunch here and already writing my review.  I gave them a 3 star not because the food wasn't delicious, but because the overall experience.  

My dad and I got there a few minutes after 12.  We ordered our food and decided to sit outside since it was such a lovely day out and it was very clammy inside.  About 15mins later, I was told that they were out of spinach pies in my vegetarian platter.  I was really bummed, since the platter consisted of pitas, hummus, falafel and a spinach pie.  So another 15mins goes by before our food finally came out.  It was a bit frustrating waiting 30mins when you have an hour for lunch and everyone elses food came out before ours.  They ended up replacing the spinach pie with some herb covered pitas.  Which could have been great, if they weren't so hard. 

The falafel was amazing, some of the best I've ever had.  The hummus was also really good and comes in a dish with a great presentation, just wish the pitas weren't so hard.

I look forward to going back.
BEST FALAFELS EVER!  My parents and I have had falafels all around the world and I think these here are actually the best I've ever had.  They're not just your typical lettuce, falafel, and tahini sauce.  The falafels weren't dry and made fresh to order, there was great flavorful homemade sauces and relishes, and even the salad inside was full of lettuce, tomato, and homemade pickled vegetables.  Amazing!!!  Flavorful, spicy, and an amazing deal - they were huge and only 3.99!

The market has a great selection of Middle Eastern groceries and is very clean.  The owners treat you like you are their personal guests in their house and love to talk to you about the food, culture, and everything else...very sweet people!

It's definitely not the fanciest place but delicious, authentic, flavorful, loving food and this place will definitely become a regular for us!
First, I would like to say that this is a deli in a Mediterranean market.  Second, the food at the Olive Tree is as good as or better than all of the Mediterranean sitdown restaurants I have ever eaten. (I really don't know why the previous reviews were so harsh.  This food is good.)
Because we had to order $50 worth of food with our restaurant.com gift certificate from a deli, we ordered a lot of food.  Of the items that we tried, all were outstanding.  The Olive Tree used the best ingredients in all of the foods we ate.
We asked the woman in charge if we could have our Gyro and Philly Cheesesteak (okay it wasn't all Mediterranean) while we were waiting for the rest of our food to cook.  She immediately turned and asked the cook to make those two items first.  (The man and woman who were in charge were very friendly and professional.)
We sat at the tables and enjoyed our first two servings.  We knew right away that we were in for something special.
After we got the rest of our food, we drove home and we ate our kebbi and spinach pie and I ate the gyro I ordered (we ordered two gyros).  Delicious.  The bread on the spinach pie was freshly baked and the ingredients in all of the items were fresh and perfectly balanced. (I have been to many Mediterranean delis looking for a great gyro only to be disappointed by a Sysco or similar style gyro.)  I don't know if the meat on this gyro were made in house but it was excellent.
Later that night, we had the meat pie with sauce, fettouch salad, shish kabob and some pita bread with the jalepeno hummus.  Outstanding (even though the food had been reheated).  Unfortunately, the pita was stale by the time we got to it, but the flavors were there.  I just wish I had room in my stomach to eat  the pita while it was still fresh.
We still have more food to eat tomorrow and probably the next day.
Do yourself a favor before going to the restaurant if you are going to use the restaurant.com GC.  Get some friends together, go to restaurant's website olivetreeaz.com and look at the menu.  Order ahead and get the food to go.  Get it home quickly and eat.  This is really great food and it needs to be eaten as soon as possible once it comes off the grill.
If you are taking a trip north to Flag or the Grand Canyon, make it a point to stop here and fill up before you start your journey.  It is only a mile or so off of 17 and it is worth the drive.
The Olive Tree is a deli and the food is at deli prices.  The food is an outstanding value.
Eat at the Olive Tree.  Your palate will thank you and your pocket book will thank you.
Postscript:  The market has a huge selection of mediterranean foods and spices at very good prices.
We love The Olive Tree! We call it 'the grill' We eat there at least once a week - my littlest one has swim lessons right next door. Both my picky eaters love eating there! We love the chicken kabobs and the chicken shwarma(sp?). Family ran, great food we love it!
We were hoping to try out Z's deli, in the same plaza - but arrived late and they were closed. This place was open, so we walked in. It was about 20 minutes before closing, and I'm pretty sure the family (seems like a "family run joint") was just about to break down the kitchen and pack it in. 

I ordered the gyros plate, Athena went with the kebabs. Beef, to be exact. Our dinners both came with soup or salad. If I recall, there were 3, maybe 4, types of salad and one soup to choose from. We both opted for Greek salads. The owner (I assume he was the owner) took our order and called it out to the cook. Athena conversed with him a bit, putting in an order for some baklava to go, when we left, while I strolled the cheese section of the market. 

The owner asked if we would like our salads first, and we said yes. I sat down at one of the nine tables, while Athena perused an aisle or two. In addition to delivering our salads to the table, the owner retrieved silverware and napkins for us from the trays located by the drink machine that I was filling drinks at. The brewed ice tea container had already been drained, or was at least empty, and the owner offered to brew fresh for us! We politely declined the offer and opted for soft drinks. No reason to brew fresh for two people when you are trying to close, but so nice to offer!

The salads were ultra tasty, with a sprinkling of sheep's milk feta atop a crisp green salad with kalamatas, romas, cukes and plenty of sliced pepperoncini (I'm going to say they were Italian, not Greek ). The salads were perfectly dressed and ultra tasty. 

Our plates arrived, mine with thick fries cooked in peanut oil, hers with perfectly cooked Basmati rice and a nice yellow color to it. Her kebabs were already removed from the sticks, and all the veggies and steak were charred very nicely. The Tahini sauce was pretty decent.  My Gyros (traditional lamb/beef combo) were cooked very well, with ultra thin slices off the spit. Tzatziki sauce was nice and tangy, I'd guess made with Greek yogurt as opposed to regular yogurt or the sour cream others try to pass off! The fries were a bit on the soft side, but nicely cut and flavorful.

As we ate, the cashier closed down the market station and tidied up. The owner continued to stop by and make sure everything was good. It was! He was very friendly, and seemed genuinely concerned with our satisfaction. 

We assured him we would be back to eat, and to do some shopping, as we had discussed the many types of oils available (you gotta try the avocado oil with lime - along with plenty of other oils available by the silverware). Since they were ready to close, we didn't think now would be the time to peruse the many varieties of dry/canned goods available, or the fresh cheeses. There was an aisle I didn't even go down, so that will be a surprise when we return, which we will.

I give this place kudos, and I think it will fill a niche market for groceries to be sure. It should do well - even with 2 other delis in the plaza. Each seems to cater to a slightly different deli crowd.  Definitely check it out. 

Solid 4 stars on food freshness, and quality. Another star for great service and a nice, clean European grocery.
Totally digging this place.  So I've had a gyro, a greek salad, and the chicken kabobs and every single one of them were EXCELLENT.  I highly recommend those chicken kabobs.

I love how they have a market right next to it, complete with the hookah selection. :)
I'm upgrading Olive Tree to 5 stars.  This place just rules it.  
Tony and Juliet are super friendly and extremely talented cooks.  I want them to live at my house and cook all my meals.  The shawarma, hummus, tabbouleh, gyros, falafel, foul, soup, kifta....everything is incredible.  

They have this spicy sauce called "Shatta" (lol) for sale in the market section. I think it's just red peppers & olive oil, but it's pretty much my new favorite thing.
Well over due for an update. 

The owners 5 Stars
The market 5 stars
The food darn near 5 stars

I had the burger the other day..way impressed. It was double thin patties with hummus and cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion if you wish. It wasgood and filling. 

Today I had the Gyro with salad and a drink.
This is a nice discovery on the North Phoenix landscape.  They have a good variety of mediterranean options.  I think everything should be about one dollar cheaper since it's just over the counter service.   However, they use real plates and silverware, which is a definite plus.

The food is very good.  I eat here all the time during the work day and I'm never disappointed.  I get the soups a lot, which are always good.  The hummus is really good, too.  I'm a fan of the chicken shawarma and shish kabob as well.  The adjoining market is a nice addition and can make the trip more worthwhile.  

I've been very happy with the veggie platters.  I think vegetarians will find plenty of options either with the platters or by building up sides.

I'll continue to frequent this place because I work close by and this is far more interesting than most of the food in the area.  They never let me down.
I had the Philly Cheesesteak with the onions and peppers topped with a little cheese. I will be back to try some other menu items.
An excellent place to get Greek food. Love the Gyros plates as well as the Baklava. So glad that we have an authentic Greek restaurant/market so close to home. 

Most definitely a regular eatery for us.
This is a family (Jordanian Back round) owned and operated store with over 30 years  Food experience from Chicago . 

The Owners are MORE THAN NICE as they are cheerful friendly and offered me a taste of the exotic produce such as green almonds and tiny green plums that look like green cherries how interesting and rare is that !

The Foods we tried were Great and Flavorful . We had the vegetarian plate #2 and beef kabob platter .

The hummus and babaghrooj (I used same spelling as menu) were so neat and pretty with a tasty oil dip built in and some sort of grind-ed  mildly spicy pickled green pepper in the middle,these were the most delish I've had and the felafel's were so light but crispy on the outside  I wasn't sure if they were made with fava beans or a combo since they were green and the tahini sauce was the very best I've ever had all these were seasoned so perfect that is what made them so good . The beef kabob plate was great too great tasty beef nicely cooked onions and peppers with rice ,pita and a salad .

We had to share one of their desserts it was a tiny pastry filled with pistachios and dipped in chocolate.

This place is not fancy but it appears to be clean . This is a Halal so no pork is in this market . This is (almost fast casual but you do eat on real plates the food is made fresh to order a few minutes) and it is very reasonably priced .

This Place is FIVE STARS Special if you are open to this kind of food you will agree .
After reading some of the post for this restaurant I decided to give it a try. I tried one of the vegetarian plates. Spinach pie, hummus &falafel, and a Greek salad on the side. Very very good. The spinach pie and the Greek salad yum yum.
This is a great little place, I will be back every time I come to town. The price is right, and good food. Nice family owned restaurant, give them a try, you won't regret it.
Excellent spot for lunch if you work in the area. This is a great alternative to The same old chain restaurants, crazy packed and overpriced Norterra spots. They always have lunch specials and you get a lot of food for a very reasonable price. It is a grocery store/cafe and the owners are very nice. Has all the normal mediterranean/middle eastern items that one would except along with some other basic grocery items. They open early so I can grab some fruit in the morning and they stay late till 7 or 8pm so i can get some shisha or hookah coals on my way home. Chicken schwarma plate and gyro plate are my favorite so far. Plus get the spicy sauce, it's awesome!
This is the real deal, totally authentic and so so tasty.  A casual place with about 15 or so tables inside a quaint market that you can peruse while you food is being made,  I saw some past reviewers complain about how long it took to get your food, while yes there is a wait it is because your meal is being made on the spot when you order it, anyway walking through the market is a great way to spend that wait.  Hummus was good and the Greek salad is my new favorite,  we also split the combo plate, the chicken shwarma was hands down the best I have ever had and should be dipped in the oh so amazing tazilki sauce,  The chicken kabob should not be missed,  husband had gyros and he was moaning a little inappropriately while eating them.  The guy that owns is not only totally genuine but probably one of the nicest men on the planet.
Five times I have been here and have yet to be disappointed. The food
is reasonably priced, always served hot, and the service is great.There is always an elderly gentleman there when I go, and his infectiously good attitude almost makes my day. The gyros combo with fries and a drink at $6.99 is a good deal. I love soup and their homemade lentil soup is very good. The place reminds me of cozy neighborhood joints growing up in Cleveland. An Old World kind of feel. They make you feel like old friends.
Bomb hummus and falafals! Super friendly owners that are genuine in earning your business. Love it.
Good quality, tasty, and generous portions.
I've been to the Olive Tree Mediterranean Market and Grill a couple of times now for lunch.  This is small Mediterranean market with a restaurant on the side.  

This review is for the grill area. 

On my last visit I ordered and Gyros combo, which was their featured item  of the day at $6.99 for a Gryos, fries and drink which was posted outside.  I asked if I could get the combo but substitute the fries for a small salad?  She said "yes, but there is an additional charge of $3"...  

Since a really wanted a side salad and not fries I paid the extra charge.    

I decided to order just the Gyros sandwich and a small side salad.  She stated "that will be $11.45, did you want a drink with that?  I stated "I thought a drink came it", she stated "no, that's an additional charge"...  This place is way too expensive for the quality of food you get when compared to any of the Greek restaurants around Phoenix.

The upside to this somewhat expensive lunch was the food was very good.  My Gyros was just OK, but my Greek salad was very good!  It was also served on a glass dish with real flatware which is a plus for me.
I could eat here every day! The food is always exceptional. The owners are another big reason to come back often. They remember exactly what I like and are always so pleasant. It's the type of place you can go to order a Jordanian coffee and the owner will make one for himself as well to join you and have a nice conversation while you wait for your food. If you want the real deal and to support a great group of people make this your go to place!
Great little mediterranean deli.  I had gyros, falafel and a salad.  All were terrific.  The market side of the place had lots of interesting stuff such as marinated peppers and the like.
We tried The Olive Tree tonight after many positive reviews from friends. It was so good. My husband had the Gyro plate and spinach pie and I had the #1 veggie plate (hummus, falafel and babaghnooj). My husband had told them it was our anniversary and they brought us some tabbooli salad to share while we waited. We had baklava for dessert. The service was excellent. Overall a great experience-we will be going back for sure!
I have been to Olive Tree Mediterranean Market several times, yet I have only had a few items on their menu because they are sooo good!  The babaganoush,  hummus, and falafel platter is really good.  My friend and I generally get it with an extra side of falafel and it is more than enough to feed two.  The falafel, hands down, is the best I've ever had.  The atmosphere is nice as well.  The owners are pleasant and they recognize us, which is a plus.  The market is pretty interesting as well.
If you're looking for authentic, family style Middle Eastern food and market, I think you're going to have a hard time finding better than The Olive Tree.

It's run by a Jordanian family that couldn't be nicer or more on top of their food game.  They're making cheeses, curing olives, baking baklava...all the good stuff you want from a specialty market.  The market itself is clean, well stocked and appears to have solid turnaround on their products.

The grill can't be beat...the best kebab I've had (in the US).  Everything is super fresh and made to order.  The tabouli is awesome! Get the combo plate - choice of any three meats with basmati rice, salad, pita and garlic sauce.  The breakfast options are great too, for all you early birds. 

Stop searching for good Greek/Mid-East/Kebab, you've found the right place!
This beats out Greek Pita (which is right up the street) any day of the week. The gyro meat is flavorful and not dry, the spinach pie is flaky and delicious, and the baklava is AWESOME. The family who owns it are so friendly and nice, it's a pleasure every time we go there. My only regret is that they had been there almost 2 years before I went! Love it!
Great value and authentic food. Always prepared well and tastes great. Awesome lunchtime spot and a pretty good market selection.
Very nice place with authentic Mediterranean food.  The food is served on real plates (not in plastics baskets or paper plates) and I think that's a nice touch and better for the environment.

The owners are very charming and will offer samples if you are unsure about what to order.
Great food, great service! Very impressed with this place and will be back!
Great food especially gyros
I've been to this place a few times in the past two years and stopped in again today for a quick lunch. The lady at the register says, "haven't seen you in a while!" I was taken aback that she remembered me! I'm happy to say that I really like this little family-run market/deli and their fantastic selection of foreign groceries. While I wait for my order I love looking at their strange and wonderful selection of canned and dried goods, most especially their sweets! 

Very good customer service and the little man with glasses is seemingly always sprightly and comical. 

I get their Gyros and it's always fresh and tasty. I'm sure I'll be back many more times.
I am a big fan of this place.  We first went when we were moving nearby and the food was great.  I have been satisfied every time we go.  I like that it is a small family-owned restaurant and they are always very nice.  They are very nice to our kids when we bring them in, and help them with their selections.  I think this is a great place to take the family and it is not very expensive.
Excelent Falafel - check 
Great hummus - check
Awesome spanakopita - check

**Warning** Beware that veggie doesn't always mean good for you.

While I normally try to skip the cabs, I just couldn't stop stuffing myself with those perfect triangles of warm pita covered with their garlic pepper hummus; it was just the right amount of spice with a more than right amount of awesome!

I don't eat falafel too often, but this was definitely the most interesting and tasty falafel I have had. Cover it with whatever that creamy sauce was and you're in vegan junk food heaven!

If you're wondering how the spanakopita (spinach pie) was, you just can't go wrong with this option. I was plesantly surprised when the spinach didn't taste like you're average cafeteria bitter blah, whatever-ness like I was half expecting. They perfectly topped the spinach with fresh feta - which was some of the better feta I've had in a while. Covered with flaky layers of filo dough and baked til perfection --- mmm its so good.

Olive Tree is super authentic with my only regret being that I didn't try the Gyro, I have a personal goal to find the valley's best gyro and have had one at close to 10 - 14 places thus far. For some reason, on my only visit here I was just feeling vegetarian, go figure. :/

I don't imagine I will be back too soon, since I hail from CenPho and this place is like 15 miles away, but it will definitely be a destination if I'm within a few miles around mealtime!

Quoted in weekly Yelp newsletter 7-25-2012: http://www.yelp.com/weekly?editorial_id=0YYMd5auwMs-83hardCBZA
Shwarema plate, pistachio baklava, salad, and coffee

Gyro plate, salad, and pistachio baklava

The baklava at this comfortable market was a revelation to me. I have apparently never had exceptional baklava, this is now fixed.
My sister in law introduced me to this place. Best gyros I have ever had!  Amazing house made baklava.  The owners are absolutely lovely.  Gyro plate is delicious.  Highly recommend!
OUTSTANDING semi quick Very Casual not fancy Mid East/ Greek style Grill.

I've been pleased with everything I tried here over the years and the Olive Tree Market & Grill is really at the TOPS for a Grill of it's kind and it's a must stop to kind of place if you are in the area.

The falafels are among the best in the valley and the sauces and dips are outstanding. They bake at least one of the breads in house I think it was the pitas. The salad here is the BEST I've had at any of these kind of places by a long shot. Kabobs are delicious and I like their shawerma more than others I've tried. Portions are large and prices are low. The food has always been fresh.

They sell some produce and hard to find jarred and dry items and lots of variety of bulgur including the whole grain style.

The owners are exceptionally nice and sweet you are always made to feel very welcome here.

A Gem in this area for sure.

4.5 stars
Some of the best ground beef I've ever had.  I will definitely return.
This place is absolutely delicious! I was raised on Mediterranean food, so I'm extremely picky... so when I took that first bite of falafel, I was in heaven! It was then followed by some of the most spectacular hummus I've ever experienced (that uses exceptional olive oil), and the baklava... scrumptious! 

Along with the food being as great as it is, the service is wonderful! The lovely people there were so friendly and wonderful! 

This is definitely going to be my go-to place!
deeeelishhhhh....bummed they arent open Sundays :{
Very good middle eastern food. A combined restaurant and grocery, the type of fare is standard for middle eastern food: grilled meats, rice, and a "greek" kind of salad.

Their meals meet or exceeds the quality of other Phoenix area middle eastern restaurants, but they really stand out for their hummus.

I eat hummus as a major staple in my diet and have tried dozens of different brands and restaurants; theirs is quite good, and comes served with a very authentic green zhug which is very hard to find outside of a true middle eastern kitchen.

It is worth coming here for the hummus alone, and they sell it as a grocery item; just ask for the green zhug "hot sauce" to supplement it.
I don't know what planet the other reviewers are from, but I just got back from the Olive Tree Market and Grill and it was TERRIBLE. My lunch partner had the "classic" gyro combo and I had the chicken "schwarma" combo.  There isn't anything good to say about this place.  Neither of us finished our lunches.  The fries were oversalted, the cold chicken schwarma was pre-cooked, sliced chicken breast with the WORST tzatziki sauce. His gyro was not fresh, it was room temperature, the meat was below average and the produce wasn't fit for rodents, all of it very sub-par.  The place was dirty, grimy and just overall disgusting. That's what we get for trying a different Mediteranean place.
Good and easy on the wallet.
This is definitely a hidden neighborhood gem.  It reminds me of Haji Baba in Tempe - part grocery store, part delicious eats.  

The gentleman behind the counter (presumably the owner?) was extremely friendly and welcoming.  

We ordered the chicken kabobs and the vegetarian platter which included hummus, falafel and the eggplant dip which I won't even attempt to spell.  The chicken was juicy, flavorful and delicious.  The peppers that accompanied it were cooked to perfection as well.  The hummus was tahini-rich which makes it a winner for me.  They top it with a spicy green sauce which I thought was an interesting twist but the husband did not care for it too much.  The falafel and eggplant dip were delicious as well.  We ended our meal with baklava.  I don't know if it's made in house (we think maybe not) but either way, it's delicious.  

If you need to stock up on tahini, this is the place to do it.  It's fun to poke around in the grocery area while waiting for your food.  

Wonderful experience and we will defiitely be back!
I was hungry for Gyro.
I checked Yelp and saw a place I had not heard of before. 
It is a nice market and restaurant. 
I wanted to sample a couple of menu items of my typical Mediterranean cravings. 
Gyro - Lamb and beef and grilled. Decent portion too.
Hummus was very good.
Grape leaves are really good. The filling is seasoned well like they should be. Not the tasteless wrapped in a grape leaf. I could make a meal of these alone.
I am glad I found them.
Great authentic food!
Hidden gem in a business area where few good restaurants exist. The Jordanian owners are always very nice and friendly. I love both vegetarian platters (mostly because I appreciate the variety of falafel, baba, hummus, and/or spanakopita), but when in a carnivorous mood, the basic gyro platter is also yummy, though nothing out of the ordinary. The grocery part of the store is fantastic if you're a foodie like me, always intrigued by items not found in the megamart. Affordable Mediterranean staples, like tahini, and decent produce prices too (though quality/availability is hit or miss). 

Cons: Tabbouli could have more flavor (more lemon, less bulgar, maybe?), service can be slow if you are in a hurry during lunch. 

Overall, worth a trip if you're in the mood for something more authentic in this area of suburban, crappy chain restaurants.
The shawarma was good; the meat was tender, and the slices of pickled beets were a nice surprise. I also liked the blend of spices they used; I asked for it to be spicy, and was definitely given what I wanted. The baba ganoush, on the other hand, was flavorless, and had an odd texture. I threw about half of it away, and I love baba ganoush. I also ordered a piece of bakalava, which was tiny, and nothing to write home about. 

The owner was very nice, and friendly, and the service at the counter was quick. I was happy to be able to buy labne, a favorite food from when I lived in the Middle East, though I would have liked fresh pita to go with it, which I am able to get at  my usual restaurant/market.
I must admit that I'm a regular to this place and I usually stick to a side of Falafel and Hummus. Not that their gyros and sandwiches are bad or ordinary, it's just that you can easily tell that their Falafel and Hummus are freshly made and very savory. I've tried most of the items on the menu and the gyro sandwich, which everyone seems to like here, comes a close second to the falafel. I wouldn't rate their Chicken Shwarema very high since I've had better ones - especially at Biaz Market -   but the other items on the menu like the Baklava or their Spinach pie are very good indeed. 

The Olive Tree and Market is run by a Jordanian duo who are very friendly, if not sometimes subservient, and in general give this place a very nice and homely vibe.  Should checkout definitely.
Great place! Breakfast lunch and dinner. It has a small grocery for you to get middle eastern delights. They do some of there own pastries and it was delicious. We had something that came with honey on top and served warm. I'm unsure of the spelling but highly recommend it!
I am going to pay for this meal, but I don't care.  I will run a few extra miles because it was so worth it.  My shawarma chicken was to die for.  The chicken was marinated to perfection.  I also had a side of baba ganoush, omg, so delicious. I also ended up eating half of my hubby's lentil soup.   I wish I had enough space for the spanakopita.  I had the baklava "to go" for later.  It didn't even make it to I 17.  It was freaking delicious, the honey and pistachios were so prevalent in the taste.  I am still dreaming about it.  I also shopped for a few items at the market.  What a cool place.  Can't wait to take the hike back to the west side.
Great food, and love picking up something new from the market every time I eat there.
wow!  what an amazing place!  The owners are sooooo nice, and the food is delicious.  The food is authentic and well priced.  The market has some interesting food as well.
Better to eat their wonderful food in house. 
$5 delivery charge is not cool. 
Fresh and flavorful food. 
Hummus, tabouli, babagnooj, spinach pie and baklava all excellent. 

X-New Yorker
LOVE THIS PLACE! :) The food is amazing and the market is a great place to browse while waiting for your order. Our first visit the older couple working the counter were so sweet and helpful. They offered us samples of everything - baklava, lentil soup, hummus, etc. The hummus is addicting, I could eat it daily.
Finally had a chance to go here for lunch; I drive by it every day on my way to work. A group of us went here for an end of year lunch meeting. I think the pricing is very fair with the amount of food you receive. You order at the counter and they have a pick up area; although when we went they just brought the food direct to our table. Nice choices plus they have a mini-market which is a good place to find more cultural items you don't find in stardard grocery stores. Plenty of seating in the place if you have a larger group too; I'd say in total the place can seat up to 100 ppl. The staff was very friendly and quickly corrected a couple mis-orders. I will go back again soon; I predict my 4 stars will change to 5-star after a couple more visits.
Just stumbled upon this place, tucked away in a small strip mall in a business area behind a hotel. Stopped in real quick and bought hummus, tabbouleh and pita. The hummus is yummy! Very tangy...tabbouleh is great too. The pita is packaged elsewhere, but very fresh and delish.
This super casual restaurant has a small market with tons of nuts, hard to find middle eastern canned favorites and a small freezer section with phyllo and it looked like meat pies etc.

Their deli area wasn't opened for lunch yet, as I was there in the morning, but the menu looks like it has a great variety such as Kibbei, soups, salads,gyros, kabobs, shawarma, burgers...and they have a kids menu with burgers, dogs, chicken tenders and gyros.

Looking forward to eating lunch here soon. Seems like a really nice mom and pop middle eastern market and grill.
Great food and great service!  Highly recommended. Very short detour off of freeway headed toward Phoenix. We will be back
Chicken kabob was bland and chicken was a little dry. My friend's chicken Shwarma tasted like Indian food not Shwarma. Not typical middle eastern/Greek food. 

Hummus and dolmades were good though.
I spent two weeks in beautiful Phoenix at the end of Feb/ Beginning of March and work put me up in the Hilton Happy Valley Garden Inn.  I was exhausted after my first day on the new job and didn't feel like going out, so I ordered some take out from the Mediterranean place next to the hotel.  The owners and people who work there are all super sweet and the food...  Oh man, is it delicious!  My ex-husbands family is from Lebanon and all love to cook an eat, so I know what real Middle Eastern food should taste like, and I have to say, this is the real deal!

I have tried most of the menu and my top recommendations are Kibbeh (seriously, the best I've ever had.  You MUST try it!), tabbouleh (also made to perfection), the Vegetarian platter #1 with the delicious Spinach Pie, Falafel (flavorful and moist on the inside, cripsy on the outside with perfect texture), the very best Hummus I have ever tasted (and I have tasted so much hummus), pita and a delicious tahini with onion and spices mixed in.  The Pistachio Baklava is amazing too, but I don't recommend trying it because you will dream about it and have to fight the urge to order it daily.

-Great Food
-Very reasonably priced
-Very generous portions
-FriendlyService

My only negative feedback is that they close at 7, so there were days I wanted to order take out, but didn't finish up at work in time to make it.

Now I want Kibbeh and Tabooli from Olive Tree but I'm stuck here in rainy Washington. Boo!
So far, one visit, one large Greek Salad with Gyro meat on it.  Delicious!!  The Tzatiki sauce was tangy, creamy and fresh tasting.  The salad was well made--perfect sizing on the chop with flavorful salad dressing.  I can't wait to have it again.
I'm looking forward to trying other items reviewers have mentioned but in the meantime, I'm a super fan.
Love the food! Always fresh, hot and perfectly cooked! My favorite is the Lamb Kabob! 

The owners are great too! They always greet you with a smile and a hello! I will be a customer for as long as I live here!
First time to eat here! Wow, what a great find! This is a restaurant and a market that is in a little strip mall/shopping area. 

The inside is open with plenty of seating. You order at the counter and your food is brought to you when it's done. 

We ordered a gyro, Greek salad, and the spanikopita. The food came out quickly. It was delicious! Everything was fresh. The dressing for the salad was homemade. The meat on the salad and in the gyro was tender and had just the right amount of seasoning. The gyro was huge. The spanikopita had a flakey crust and went well with our meal. 

Prices are good. Portion sizes just right. Service was excellent! Quick to take our order and bring our food. 

Definitely will go back to try other menu items.
Ordered Greek salad with gyro meat and WOW!  

Interesting place, restaurant and market combo.  Neat to walk around and browse  Mediterranean food while waiting for your order.  Family run establishment, casual atmosphere, and excellent food.

I will be back.
Anyone from Chicago can appreciate Chicagoland Hotdogs & more. The classic hot dogs/jumbo dogs, Italian beef, and cheese fries will make you feel like you're right back at home in the Midwest. I also love that soda is still considered 'pop' and the walls are covered in Chicago sports memorabilia.
Vienna Beef FTW! Any hot dog place that proudly serves Vienna Beef is a hot dog place for me. After a lesson on the history of Vienna Beef from the boyfriend's iPhone, we were in the mood for some good Chicago-style hot dogs and since we were in the area (on the way back from a Cubs/White Sox spring training game), we stopped in. I used to live in this area and had been here several times when it was under a different name and it's still as delicious. It seems to me that they're still using the same good products. 

We both got the "hot dog and fries basket" which was just as it sounds. Good hot dog, served with all the fixin's (or however you request): mustard, onions, relish, tomatoes, cucumber salt, and sport peppers. Nom. 

Lots of sports memorabilia on the walls- great for looking around while you wait for you food to be cooked fresh to order.
There was nothing crazy awesome about this place. The vienna dog was over steamed as it had lost its color. The french fries were ok but the ketchup was room temperature at 1130! Yuck! I did like the decorations of the Chicago shirts on the walls and the Pepsi pop was top notch! The man next to me was raving about how good his polish sausage was so maybe go that way! The woman who rung up our order sucked and no one else was as friendly as most Chicago people are, kinda bummed about that!
How can a hot dog place be this good?  Really, it seems silly, afterall its JUST a hot dog.  But the dog is cooked to perfection, the poppy seed bun is steamed just right and the toppings are spot on.  My son digs the sliced beef sandwich.  Now if only they were under 100 calories, lol!
Anyone who knows me or has taken the time to read any of my reviews knows my love of a good sandwich. This place offers one of your best chances to get a really good italian beef sandwich here in Arizona period. 

Yes the walls are covered in old newspaper clippings and yeah they do plaster the word Chicago all over the place but what stands out is the food. My sandwich was big and loaded with hot and well seasoned beef that was dripping from the magical meat juices they cook it in. To help round out my meal I ordered a small order of fries. 

I would have to say that the lady who took my order seemed like she was tired and wanted to go home or just hated her job because she never smiled and just stared for the most part. She never offered assistance to me or my dining partner for this Midwest lunch run. Now I do not want to give this place a bum wrap or take away well deserved stars for the rudeness of a few employees, but when they are the ones who are in charge of not only greeting your customers, but also making sure they feel welcome is it not important that they do their job correctly? 

I do not expect someone to offer a fake smile, and kiss up to me as a customer no I don't. But what I do expect is fair prices, good food, and a nice experience. If one of those elements is messing then chances are it will be a long time before I come back if at all. Bottom line this place has a nice selection of Vienna beef dogs, hamburgers, and sliders. The fries are good and crispy but as for the service, I recommend getting your food to go. Enough said!

Case closed
Was in the mood for a good sandwich so decided to give this place a second shot. Normally I go for the italian beef with hot peppers but decided to try half hot and half sweet. After selecting my sandwich wet of course (this is where they dip the meat and sometimes the whole sandwich itself into the pan of juices the meat was cooked in) I grabbed my food and headed home.

As I said before the service still needs some work but the food is still great. The only real issue I had this time was that what they call sweet peppers were nothing more than over cooked bell peppers. Now I understand that there are those who like everything bland, and under seasoned (yuck) but I am not one of them. Seriously do not go around calling something it is not. That would be like calling a dog a cat or a tiger a lion! 

I mean come on a 2 year old knows the difference between the cow that goes moo and the chicken that goes cluck. So why do places act like we do not? LOL OK so enough of my ranting. Look bottom line the sandwiches are still great, their large fries are really large, and the prices are fair. Just avoid the crabby service and non sweet peppers and you should be fine.
I love hot dog's, but I admit I am not all that familiar with Chicago style dog's.  I tried a dog chicago style with a side of fries.  The hot dog was great, especially all the toppings.  The only downer was the fries.  They plain sucked.  On top of the pedestrian fries was the ketchup.  Seriously, is it too much to ask for some heinz.  I hate when restaurants go cheap and put the runny, watered down imitation ketchup in a red bottle.  By the way, some previous posts complained about the service.... I found it to be very pleasant.  The place was packed at lunch time and it had a great local vibe.
The best Chicago style dog in AZ. Try the fried zucchini or mushrooms on the side. I always get good service for a hot dog place.
Had always seen this place while traveling the east valley for work and decided to finally give it a go.  It was about 230pm on a Friday afternoon.

Ordered myself a chili cheese dog.  The hot dog was great, Vienna Beef does give it a superior flavor and texture, bonus that it was in a natural casing.  However, that's about where the good experienced ended.  Everything that surrounded the hot dog quickly took away from the excitement and enjoyment of my lunch.  The chili was kind of flavorless and a little thin, which is why, I think, they drowned it in cheese.  I'm all about a messy dog... but it was all over the place, so much so, I had to eat it with a knife and fork. (it's a hot dog, not a stew)

But after eating the dog and then tackling the bun, I figured why they were so liberal with their cheese and thin chili, the bottom of the bun was hard.  I know I came in after the lunch rush, but a hard bun?  Really? That's the cheapest part of the package other than condiments, easy to toss without taking it on the chin.  Either they don't care or someone left the bag open after lunch and I got the tail end of the bag.  Not unforgiveable, but when you add it all up, it was disappointing.  

I wouldn't not recommend it, but it's not a place I'd drive out of the way for.  But location wise, I don't think they intend on catering to the hot dog enthusiast as much as the kids from Red Mountain HS down the road.

Service was good, the place is what you expect from a strip restaurant and its clean.
This is my "Go To" place for hot dogs. It's right around the corner, the Vienna Beef dogs are awesome! I've always had great service there and the food has always been delicious. Your opions close by (Sonic and DQ) are a notch below. Check the hours before you head over, I missed them by about an hour once... bummer!
Poor service, poor Chicago style food. I ordered a sandwich for my girlfriend and got her an Italian beef sandwich with marinara and mozzarella cheese on it. I explained specifically to put the cheese on-top of the marinara. I get home and she opens her sandwich and there is marinara all over the place (because the cheese was not melted over the marinara) I call the place to let them know and she explains it was a mistake that won't happen again the next time we go in. Cashier rude btw and interrupting when originally placed the order. I was expecting them to fix it and no fix. Sandwich disgusting and soggy. Literally had to take everything out and remake the sandwich. Luckily I had marinara and mozzarella on hand. Not going back. The place used to be awesome when it was owned by Al and called 'Al's'
Ordered up a chicago dog and fries.

 I found it to be a tad heavy on the mustard and the bun was slightly stale (slightly...not a lot stale).  Tomatoes were sliced a little thin and maybe not quite as fresh as they could be.

Fries were fries.  Nothing special, but not bad either.

Having said the above, it was pretty good and worth a return trip.

Not a 4, but not a 3 either.  Call it 3.5.
I'd give it about a 4.5, but I like rounding up for local businesses!  The owner has been in there every time I've shown up, and the food comes out hot.  The prices are spot on what you'd expect to pay, and so is the quality.  I'm not from Chicago, and have only been there a couple times, so I wouldn't be able to speak to its authenticity - but I can speak to its taste and the great customer service the crew provides every time.  If you're in the neighborhood and thinking about a hot dog, burger, fried zuccini, italian beef sandwich, or chicken burger, skip Sonic and DQ - they can't touch this place with a 15-yard drive-thru window.
I have no idea what the folks are saying about poor service. I have always had fast and friendly service.

Anyway, the food is always good. I love the traditional Midwest Pork Tenderloin sandwich. It is very good. The hotdogs are awesome and I love their chili. The Italian Beef is one of my favorite things they serve. Our family has been here many times and all of us like it. We have never had anything we didn't like.

We like to support the small, non chain places and this is a good one!
Love this place!  Makes me miss the midwest with all the memorabilia.  Great service too.
Love eating here. My boyfriend and I eat here at least every other Saturday. He loves the Chicago dogs and I get the cheese dogs! The cheese fries are yummy. It's small but there is additional seating outside and they also do to go. The staff is always super friendly. A great family owned business!
I really liked this place, good food and I'm stoked that it is right down the street from me! Can't wait to try the other foods
The closest thing to a Chicago gyro. Great staff. All around I will continue to give them my business. Bryan always remembers who I am every time and knows what I want. (Hope I spelled the name right)
Love this place.  We eat here all the time.  They have the best Chicago dogs.
Corn dogs are amazing.... So was the Kraut dog and Chicago dog..... Can't wait to go back to try the fries.... Yummmm!
Gyros are amazing. Best this side of town. Fried Zucchini is also a must have. Great family owned restaurant.
Best place in Vegas for fresh oysters for about $1 each! I come here quiet often, at least once a week and its a rarity in Vegas to find a place that doesn't try to do too much. This mom and pops joint sticks to what their good at, Mexican Seafood.

The restaurant is also very spacious and clean which is a plus for it being in a bad location away from the strip and practically surrounded by nothing else.

This place isn't just cheap, it offers some of the best seafood in town when it comes to oysters, ceviche, and shrimp cocktails.
Wonderful mexican seafood. I come here every weekend and every time the food is really fresh. I love this place.
Wonderful place for AUTHENTIC, read AUTHENTIC Mexican seafood.  They have shrimp cocktail, but the shrimp swim in a combination of clam juice, lime juice, and other ingredients.  They are simply the best.  These are NOT your American 99 cent shrimp cocktails.  These are amazing.  Also recommended is the Shrimp with Butter    aka Shrimp ala Mantequilla.  It comes with rice and salad.  Tortillas, bread, and french fries are also served.  The french fries in this place are not promoted very heavily (they are on the kids menu) but they are GREAT!  I've tried a lot of stuff here and keep going back, week after week.
Decent seafood for a hole in the wall. I would not go back there again though.
This place is the business.
When I visit Vegas I always make sure I come here for some good seafood.
Definitely recommend to try out!
Growing up in Southern CA I have done my fair share of road trips down the coast of Baja California. The seafood here is the closest thing I have come by that takes me back to being barefoot on the beach enjoying authentic seafood.
The setting can create some hesitancy at first but once you relax and more importantly become enamoured by the deliciousness in front of you, it soon melt away. Maybe it was growing up and traveling down south, but I find some sort of comfort in the plastic utensils, and casual simplicity at times. 
I knew I had made a good choice when all the people eating there were all obvious regulars/family and the steady flow of customers all knew each other. You don't get an ambiance like that from producing sub-par dishes.
I cant wait to go back with some family members when they visit.
Great little hole in the wall.  I just moved here from southern california so I had yet to find a good mariscos locations.  But this spot is definitely the best Ive tried in vegas. I had the shrimp coctele, ceviche tostada, and shared some oysters.  All the food was on point, the only thing I didnt like was that their micheladas were basically just beer and clamato mix; nothing special. Other than that a great eat!
Pretty good place. Tasted fresh. I wish the shrimp ceviche was a bit more limey, and spicier. They are also kinda stingy on the toastadas lol, I had to end up using crackers to eat my shrimp . Fish tacos were really good as well. Overall, I will come back again.
Bad tasting food and service. I was surprised they don't serve chips and salsa to munch on while your food is prepared. If you want to hear music you have to pay for it at the iTunes box. Will never come back or recommend this place.
Great oysters. Fish ceviche needed more flavor, but overall, everything was great. Friendly service.
Service is amazing!!! We were greeted and our drinks came out promptly. The restaurant's atmosphere is clean and inviting. We ordered several tostadas of camaron (shrimp), pescado (fish) and mixta (shrimp, fish and octopus).  My mother had fish tacos, out of sight! There are always restaurants that try to live up to "authentic" well this is one of them.  Can't wait to come back!!! The Chef and their staff really make you feel welcomed and valued!!!
ordered some shrimp tacos.. super yummy...        jaiva tostada... not so much... Micheladas! amazing.....        Enjoyed Nice Banda....for hours.... and good atmosphere!!! definitely will come again... Service on Point...very courteous! with a large group of people
Super fresh. Very good can't go wrong. Make sure and order a prepared beer ! And the shrimp cocktail is also good. No farm raised shrimp here like some other bunk places. As soon as you walk in it smells like the ocean always a good sign of how fresh the place is.
2/5 for service.
1/5 food.
Mariscos Vallarta were suppose to be from Vallarta, not a single Vallartence working in this place. Very disappointed I suggest them to change their name and food.
I had the best fish burrito I've ever had here. Good beer selection too. Definitely looking forward to coming back and trying more items.
Mad props to Matt S. and Brook M. for leading me to this place. This place is a winner! Hands down the best Mexican food in Las Vegas to date. 

This is Mexican seafood the way it should be eaten. Fresh. Delicious. Simple. It reminds me of the little Mexican food stands in San Pedro, you know the places that  serve what was brought in the boat that morning. I can't describe it, you have to taste it to experience it. The fish tastes different, it doesn't taste like fish, just the most delicate, soft, pieces of protein I've ever eaten. How does this place gets fish that fresh? Dunno... but hey, it works! 

Besides their excellent fish tacos, I got their Tostada Mixta, a ceviche made with shrimp, octopus, and imitation crab. Again, excellent, as was their shrimp taco. 

The place is ultra divey, I mean, there's bars on the windows, that's scary divey. The place itself is clean but it caters to a mostly hispanic clientele. But that's how you know it's authentic. LOL. So, prepared to be adventurous. Also the place isn't cheap, the tostada was $6 and the tacos were $3 or $4 each. But for the quality of the seafood, definitely worth it!
I am originally from Los Angeles and was looking for a great Mexican sea food place to eat.. We ended up in this place and to my surprise the food was really delicious, however customer service was horrible. The waitress was very rude and the smell of this place is disgusting... If you plan on coming here make sure to seat by the entrance or bring nose plugs otherwise you will be smelling the smell of the restroom while eating your good!!!!!
Traditionally, Poland is not recognised for its world class foods - however, without a shadow of a doubt it should be if Bona Deli is a taste of what is to come.

The story goes that when the store first opened, Polish immigrants who hadnt seen thier home for years would come into the deli to smell the smells of Poland. Indeed, the smell of fresh Polish bread often greets you as you enter the small deli situated on South Clerk street.

Bona Deli trades in meats, breads, speciality Polish vodka's (a personal favourite of mine) and various other wonders which I am yet to discover - mainly because the packaging is often in Polish, something I dont speak at all.

While I could sing the praises of Bona Deli all day, it does have a few draw backs - namely the quite expensive prices and how quickly it runs out of its most popular items, more than once causing dissapointment.

Regardless of this however, Bona Deli is a great deli  - with real Polish passion.
I was so ignorant about Polish delicacies until my friend brought me here and I can see what all the fuss is about! Although most of us may have heard about Polish Vodka, in fact we fail to acknowledge their contribution to bakery, sweet making and of course dumplings! This place boasts a good selection of almost everything, including a great meat counter and fresh bread.
Bona Deli is a fantastic delicatessen, selling predominately Polish food in the centre of busy Nicolson Street. I go into this store quite a lot in the mornings for my breakfast on my way to classes to buy their pastries which are simply gorgeous. 

They have a good selection of different Polish foods such as gherkins, sausages and, of course, vodka! They also sell herbs and spices such as dill and caraway seeds which can sometimes be difficult to find in the larger food stores. 

Bona Deli sell the traditional deli food, with an excellent selection of meats, fish, cheese and fresh bread.  However, with this wide range of food also come the usual expensive deli prices so I tend to think that many of their goods are overpriced.  The staff are always smiling, polite and willing to help you find what you are looking for.
Having just got back from my first trip to Poland, I am a little bit obsessed with the cuisine. Okay, so preparing it at home when the scottish rain is pelting down doesn't even come close to comparing to sitting outside one of the cafés lining the main square in Krakow's old town, it's as close as I'm going to get and Bona Deli stocks pretty much every Polish foodstuff there is.

Unlike most delis, they don't feel the need to ridiculously overprice things just because they're "independent".  And the value is matched not only by the authenticity but also by the friendly service, you'll always get a smile and a hello when you go in.
Bona Deli is an excellent Polish delicatessen on Clerc Street which has friendly, knowledgable service and loads of interesting and rare produce.  They sell a huge range of authentic Polish ingredients and delicassies ranging from huge bags of things which look like kettle chips to a whole range of pickled vegetables.  
Their cured meats section is particularly impressive with a huge selection of smoked hams and cured poultry.  Their cheeses are also tempting with many of them looking - and sounding - obscure, but also delicious.  
Bona Deli has an excellent range of food and drink and, although it's understandably pricy, it's well worth the extra money.
I have to admit, Polish cuisine doesn't exactly excite me all that much but I can honestly say that there are few things I find as tasty as a Kabanos which is absolutely delicious and they have a good selection of them in Bona Deli. 

Bona Deli is an excellent resource if you're looking for some Polish food and I was thrilled to see that they sold Almette which is a really creamy Philadelphia type spread that I ate literally every day on my travels through Eastern Europe - it's just so tasty. 

I had a great browse around here the other day and was really intrigued by some of the pickled jars, I was also ecstatic to see a wicker basket full of gherkins and I decided to buy a couple to chomp on and they were pickle-tastic.
The Polish deli's that have been popping up over the city are each more excellent than the next. 

Someone has set the standard high, since most are quite upmarket. Bona Deli is no exception - from the minute you step in the door you are faced with delicious bread, pastries, dumplings, Polish confectionery and (powers up) - the meat counter! Polish sausage is an out of this world experience that everyone must try once in their life.

They have a great selection of booze that doesn't just consist of vodka - there are some very nice Polish beers that I am eager to try. There are also some polish branded goods in their convenience store section. Lovely, and as appreciated by the Scottish as the Polish quarter of Edinburgh! Friendly service, too. Yum, yum.
I love this place. I love discovering their breads, sausages and meats when I pop in. Every time I'm in it feel like I'm in Poland (or what I think a Polish Deli would be like in Poland..if you get what I mean!) The voices and the smells of the food. 
Price wise is seems to be on a par with other local delis.
This Polish deli is well on the way to become a lot bigger (hopefully not to the same sudden departure as Deli Polonia!). 

I like the welcome we got when we visited and they have got a lot of speciality meats for sale. (but no Oxtongue..though) Their available variety of Polish and Baltic produce is impressive. 

Not too expensive and when I am in the neighbourhood again I  will give them a visit.
Sometimes, curiosity gets the better of us, and we just have to break that final barrier by taking a proper, sit-down meal in a restaurant, entirely alone. Despite having a newspaper on hand, I still felt obliged to explain my singularity to the guy working here via a half-hearted "I'm just on my lunch break." I got a sympathetic nod in return.

It was worth breaking the social boundaries however, and was the best lunch I've had in a while. There's only a very limited menu of 3 mixed meza plates on at lunch, and I went for the only meat-laden option. Grilled garlic sausages, chicken, i basket of flatbreads and a fantastic yoghurt sauce were all good, but the rubbery, meaty cheese was the star of the show. Utterly fantastic, especially when dipped in the sauce.

Great service too. I'll be back soon, hopefully with E-Bot in tow.
I've had my eye on Empires for some time. A little narrow door, sometimes perennially feeling like the place is never open. But open it was on a dark and cold Sunday night and what a warm, welcoming space it is for a Scottish winter. It's a cafe serving Turkish mezze - your standards - hummus, baba ghanoush, falafel, moussaka (Veggie and not so much) as well as more interesting choices such as crushed hazelnuts in a tomato sauce (delicious, thank you for asking). Served with warm plates of pitta studded with caraway seeds, mezze it might be but we came out stuffed. We also did take advantage of the size of our table and ordered the entire menu to try the lot. Overall, I didn't find any particular bum notes - although I was disappointed with the baba ghanoush personally, but everyone had their own opinion on what was best. I loved the char grilled aubergine, the boy thought the air dried Turkish sausage was delicious. The parents tucked into crushed walnuts and meatballs with gusto. 

If I went through everything we ate, it literally would be everything. We washed it down with pomegranate juice and mint tea. Water is served to the table in beautiful metal jugs (the decor of this place is just fab). Your meal is accompanied by an eclectic collection of music including local artists who also perform there live from time to time. I absolutely fell in love with this place. The boy (also known as the silent reviewer) argued that the price we paid was a little steep... I would argue for five mezze per person (16 quid), it was more than enough for one person.. three mezze may be just right. But for a throw caution to the wind and try everything meal, it was fab. 

Oh and before I forget - it's BYOB with a corkage fee and cash only payments - be warned!
What a gorgeous treasure trove of yum Empires is.

I had been wanting to go here for a long time. I love Turkish and Greek food, and the mezze style of eating (it just means more flavours and dishes to enjoy). So I was delighted to finally get to have dinner at Empires.

The first thing that struck me is "wow this place is gorgeous!" This is how I would decorate my living room if I could. All dark wood carvings, an ornate balcony carving, different coloured lamps hanging at different lengths, the colour of deep jewels. Opulent, rich, lush, cosy.

Except that it wasn't very cosy. It's now November, and getting pretty baltic. It was cold outside, and rather than that rush of warm air that normally greets you when you step into a restaurant, it was cold. We moved upstairs to the balcony area to get a bit more warmth. I'm told, though, that on a busy night it gets far too hot. But still...

The menu is quite straight forward. There's a range of different mezze dishes, and you can get 3 for £12.95 or 5 for £15.95 In hindsight, 5 was maybe a bit many but 3 just wasn't quite enough.

The aubergine dish was so yum and fresh and flavourful. The meatballs, oh yes please. The haloumi was a very strong, rich, salty haloumi. But who doesn't love squeaky cheese.

I also liked the way in which the 5 mezze were presented. Rather than 5 small dishes, they were all laid out nicely around a salad in the middle of a large plate. You can still share if you want, but it was just a nice quirk.

It'd be a great place to come in a big group, order EVERYTHING, feast and enjoy. But it was also perfect, intimate and cosy for meal-for-two.

I'll definitely come back, and soon. The food was beautifully seasoned, and whilst it may not break any barriers, it's reliable, traditional and delicious Turkish food in a beautiful (is slightly chilly) restaurant.
I love this place! When grey Edinburgh gets wet and very grey this is a place that brings you  to land of thousand nights and the Ottoman' palace by Istanbul's seaside. The place is small but so cosy one wish to never leave and continue the journey along the streets lit by the moon light and sounds of a multicultural mecca. 

Ceiling is covered with colourful lamps from the gran basar, oriental carpets and pillows. On week ends musicians plays and the atmosphere is rising to the corners of the neighbour hood on St Mary's Street.

The food is delicious and healthy! Simply!

Great place for parties as well as 1 to 1 dinner.
This wee place is really great! Particularly for people like myself who get ridiculous food envy/can't decide what to have for breakfast in the morning, so the mezze 'element' (meh) of the menu is ideal - pick a bit of this, dip a bit of that, done, you feel like you've had a bit of everything.

It was BYOB last time I checked, so remember your bottles if you want to have a bit of the hard stuff with your mezze. Also, it is wee as highlighted at the start, so book ahead if there's a bunch of you. There's a cool, almost loft-like space at the top of the restaurant for chilled dining, and there are often bands playing too.
First things first. Before you take a seat you must realise that this place is cash only. The nearest cash machines are RBS on North Bridge or the Tesco on Holyrood Road. Both a good 5 min walk away.

So after a detour to get cash (am I the only one that is over reliant on the plastic in my wallet?) we returned to a cozy table in the corner. Except the staff kept opening the front door to get rid of the incense smoke & each time I was hit with an icy artic blast...

It's byob which is cool. Neither I nor the new Mrs G were drinking. She had the mint tea & I tried the pomegranate juice. Both were fine. Water was presented in a lovely silver jug. 

Food wise we each opted for a 3 dish meze. I had the chicken, the meatballs & the olives. Mrs G had the halloumi, stuffed peppers & something else I can't quite remember. What we had was nice & tasty. We weren't told that they were out of pitta so it was a bit of a surprise when our plates arrived with some brown bread. Not what I was expecting & no comment/acknowledgement from the waitress either.

Unfortunately the bread had seeds in it which Mrs G can't eat (allergies) so I asked if we could have an alternative. The waitress was polite but adamant they had no pitta & even when I asked if they had anything else. Eventually I spoke to another member of staff & eventually we were offered some rice. Fair enough. Too much palaver though. It should've been much easier to sort out.

That's why it only gets 3 stars.
It was my mom's birthday on Saturday & she picked this place for her bday dinner. This used to be Abuelo's (I miss that place!). The inside is very nice & the staff was friendly. We were seated right away because I had made reservations the day before. It was packed & very loud. I think the servers were a bit frazzled since they had just opened that week. 

We started off with the calamari. It was delicious & not greasy at all. To our surprise we were brought another app. He brought it to our table & it was flambed table side. Some sort of cheese with a strong lemon flavor. My dad & I liked it but my mom & husband said it was gross. Apparently, it was meant for the table next to us. Not sure why they didn't say anything, just looked extremely pissed & left. Oh well! 

For our entrees: my mom ordered moussaka, dad ordered roasted leg of lamb, hubby ordered shrimp kebabs & I ordered pastitsio. My dad had the best meal of us all, although the lamb was a bit over cooked because it was dry. My mom said hers was ok & mine was too, we had similar lasagna looking dishes. My hubs had the worst meal of us all. There was a strange smell & I could of swore it was someones dirty feet, nope it was his shrimp! I took one bite & almost spit it out, it tasted old & not fresh at all. Every dish came with a side of green beans, the tomato sauce they were covered in was not good, therefore ruining them. I also have to add that it took over 20 minutes for my husband to get the captain & coke he ordered. They finally brought it to the table after we were finished eating, he was annoyed to say the least. 

I feel bad for this review considering they are a new restaurant but it was honestly one of the worst meals I've ever had. I would maybe go back & try their hummus or gyros but I don't know if that would be anytime soon, they have a lot to work on when it comes to the food.
Nice decor, spacious with a modern Greek feel. The white brick background gives the bar a good appeal. The staff are great and go out of there way to make your dining a good experience. Unfortunately those are all the good things that's good about this place. As with any new opening, food is mediocre and nothing to rave about. Not impressed at all. It's too soon to tell if this will be a hit but hope it will as service is excellent.
Hummus was freshly made and very nice. Chicken souvlaki was good too but my vegetarian colleague didn't have any choice but to order some spinach thing. He wasn't able to finish even half of it.
Stay as far away from this nightmare restaurant as possible!  We were excited by the prospect of a good Greek restaurant in Scottsdale but from the minute we walked in we knew this place would suck.  The decor makes you feel like you are at a really bad family event like a wedding or Bar-Mitzvah.  To say the place feels cheap is an understatement.  The white drapes look like something that was purchased at a second hand store and were probably made by a grandmother who passed away in the '80s.  Also, the strands of beads that are supposed to cover the waitress stand make you feel like there could be pot sales going on right back there. 

We asked for a table as far away from the terrible Sinatra impersonator as possible at which time the hostess commented that we might actually be able to have a conversation if we stayed far away but unfortunately you can't get far enough away from him unless you drive out of the parking lot.  Additionally, the synthesized keyboard and scratchy microphone even furthered the feeling of being at a bad family event.

We ordered cocktails quickly but it took about 30 minutes from them to arrive (extremely watered down) to the table.  I then ordered the Greek spaghetti which I think only a horse would like given it tasted like a huge salt stick.  My wife ordered the chicken pita with no onions - it took again about 30 minutes for the food to arrive and my wife was horrified to find raw chicken in a pita with just lettuce and the "side Greek" salad was lettuce drenched in dressing even though the menu said the Greek salad had the normal items such as tomatoes, feta and cucumbers.  We tried to send the sandwich back when it then took another 20 minutes to get a new sandwich which honestly looked like an entirely different menu item - chicken in a pita with raw tomatoes and onions with a Greek salad that actually had vegetables on it however it also had a TON of onions we decided we had enough and asked for the check and left.

With so many great restaurants in Scottsdale and Phoenix we are amazed that such a bad one would even try to open.  It felt like the owner of the restaurant was trying so hard to make it seem like the restaurant was "classy" but in the end it came across as extremely cheap and of course the raw chicken didn't really help.  We will not only never go back but we may not even be able to drive into the parking lot!
I really wanted to like this place since I live nearby and I welcome having another good restaurant close, but this wasn't it. The menu was extremely un-vegetarian friendly and they only offered one meatless dish that was an entree. The waiter was a friendly guy and the the food was okay, but not outstanding. The decor was too modern and lacked character, stylized Greek decor, not to my liking at all. The lounge act style music was way too loud and didn't fit into the Greek restaurant concept at all. I was hoping for something that provided a more Greek experience and will be going else where next time.
About three weeks ago the Greek gods decided to take a break from their endless squabbling, descend from Mt. Olympus, and pay a visit to us mortals. Fortunately they landed in Phoenix, and they came bearing gifts. These can be sampled at Athena Greek Cuisine, a new restaurant in the shopping center at Mayo and Scottsdale Rd.

     If the Scordalia ($6) isn't heaven sent, I don't know what is. This spread, made from bread, almonds, potato, olive oil, white wine vinegar and GARLIC is jaw-droppingly good. It has a mellow, almost sweet taste and is good smeared on anything, but especially on the Greek Sausage appetizer ($7), another gift. In fact, all the appetizers we had were delicious. Ken chose Grilled Octopus ($12); Pat had Greek Style Wings ($9), which had been marinated in olive oil, parsley, oregano and lemon (these were even better cold the next day). Marinated Beets ($7) were refreshing. Meg, to whom we owe a debt of gratitude for introducing us to Athena, says the Fried Smelts ($7) are tasty too. It's so nice to have out-of-the-ordinary menu selections available. And the servings are surprisingly large, great for sharing.

     The entrees don't reach the sublime level of the appetizers, but for the most part they were good and reasonably priced. Meg and I split Moussaka ($13). It was as good as any I've had in Phoenix, but there was nothing to lift it out of the ordinary. Stewed green beans were served with all the entrees, and these were a nice foil for the richness of the moussaka. Ken had the Combination Plate ($15) which had Pastitsio, Moussaka, Dolmades with Avgolemono Sauce, and Roasted Leg of Lamb. I thought the lamb was 
overcooked (but that seems to be the norm for Greek restaurants) and tasted curiously liver-y. Pat was disappointed with her Greek Spaghetti ($12) which was way too salty.

     We were quite full, but Pat, being half Greek, felt we had to sample the Galaktoboureko, a filo and custard concoction. The custard was pasty, rather than
silky, and the lemon sauce needed some zest to wake it up. But it was nice to see something besides Baklava on the menu (in fact there were a number of Greek desserts). 

     I loved Athena's decor. It's happily over the top. There's a statue of Athena centered in the doorway, an aqua back-lit frieze on one wall, a white bar framed with Greek columns. The white painted wooden chairs (which Ken said were not very comfortable) look great against the dark floor. The only jarring note is the two TV screens flanking the bar. If you go on Athena's website you can get a virtual tour of the restaurant, and also check out the menu. 

     Our waiter Chris and his "shadow" were both very pleasant and seemed familiar with the menu. There was a huge amount of staff for the number of patrons, but better too many than too few. Given that Athena has been open only for a short time, I find it easy to overlook the shortcomings - in fact we're planning to return this weekend. We'll probably stick to the appetizers, but believe me, that's no sacrifice!
Went to Athena for lunch w/ my mom, wife and son and was very impressed with the food here. I've been eating Greek food all my life and this was pretty darn good. The grilled octopus was very tender and full of flavor, even my 6 year old son enjoyed this. The grilled shrimp and scallops they came w/ the octopus were very tasty as well. The scordilia was different than any I've ever had and very good and the melitzanosalta was also very tasty. The egg lemon soup is the best I've had in a restaurant in the states. We all shared the combo plate, with mousaka, pastitso, dolmades and lamb, and the pork souvlaki sandwich. We all agreed that everything was well prepared and better than average Greek fare. Their tzadziki sauce on the souvlaki was one of the better versions i've had. I hope they do well because it would be nice to have a good, reasonably priced sit down Greek place, nearby.
Best Greek restaurant west of the Mississippi. 

I found the restaurant on AAdvantageDining.com and thank the Greek Gods. What once (two years ago) was Abuelo's Mexican restaurant is now the best rest. in Scottsdale - at least in my opinion. (I'm half Albanian, so grew up on Greek food and there's nothing else like Athena in Arizona). 

Best egg lemon soup ever. The spinach pie was a disappointment, only in that it had too much spinach and not enough pie. 

Have been as of today - 6 times - and have ordered Rack Of Lamb, Leg Of Lamb (whatever the special of the day I am there was), Lamb Shish-ka-bab, Lamb Chops for entrees. All were savory and delicious.

My dining companion each of the times we went ordered the Chicken Shish-ka-bab, as he doesn't enjoy lamb. But he loved the Chicken. 

We've also ordered the egg lemon soup each time, as a second course, (the first course being the combo appetizer, 3 dips and pita). The CUP of soup is enough to feed a horse. (And costs just $3). 

The best waitress, by far, at Athena, is Denise, the one and only there. So ask for her, as she is the most competent about the menu, for sure; including the wine list.

One of the 'owners' always walking around, not Greek, but Lebanese, is a bit arrogant but what would you expect from the former manager of Barcelona? 

When I am at my place in Scottsdale, I eat at Athena at least 2 times per week, and have no plans on changing that schedule.
I have been a Phoenician for almost twelve years (yikes!) after growing up in Chicago, IL. In Chicago, I was spoiled by having Greek neighbors who would bring me red eggs at Easter and made me baklava "just because". I have been hoping and praying for good Greek cuisine for TWELVE LONG YEARS. I have been to "My Big Fat Greek Restaurant", and to me, it is comparing an authentic Italian restaurant to well, Olive Garden. The food at Big Fat Greek is edible, but lacks heart and authenticity. After work last week, my boyfriend and I decided to try this place out. First off, it is BEAUTIFUL inside. Ornate enough for a wedding, yet casual enough for a friendly get together. Secondly, a majority of the servers are GREEK! It was a Saturday night, and there was a band with a singer, and the lighting was gorgeous, very romantic. We ordered the caviar spread, and the flaming cheese, both amazing. Then, we ordered our entrees. I has a gyros platter and my bf ordered rack of lamb, perfectly cooked. For desert, we shared the Halva. I have had Halva from Kosher delis before, but never like this: drizzled in honey and topped with mint, amazing. I was in seventh heaven. Everything on our plates was better than the next. I took my mom there for lunch today and our server was adorable, so sweet and really chatted with us (I love that in a restaurant, it makes it feel very welcoming). One thing I want to mention: don't let the well dressed staff and overly ornate decor scare you, this place is VERY reasonably priced, with appetizers as little as $5 each, and entrees as low as $10. A rarity in the location, with most restaurants being stuffy and overpriced.Needless to say, I took a stack of "to go" menus, and can't wait to bring my boyfriends' parents, and my gaggle of girlfriends there soon. Keep it up, Athena's, and thank you for warming my heart by bringing Greek cuisine to my neck of the woods!
This place reminded me of the suburban Greek restaurants in Detroit (Uptown Parthenon or Big Daddy's Parthenon from back in the day)  that had taken Greektown food and menus and given them a commercial makeover. At Athena the food was very good and the service was very friendly. Definitely a 'best of' Greek menu. If I could model a large Scottsdale Greek restaurant that has a chance to make it, this would be it. Yassou!
If you want really authentic, high quality Greek food this is the place.  We have been there twice and both times the food has been fantastic.  And if you are a wine lover like me, you will really appreciate there vast assortment of wines which are very reasonably priced for glasses and by the bottle.  The atmosphere is open and clean and you can go there in a t-shit or a suit and feel comfortable.
I was here over labor day weekend and am just now getting to writing my review. 
My mom and I enjoyed everything we ate. We starting with the flaming cheese and then shared lamb chops and stuffed chicken. Everything on the menu was well priced and good portions for sharing
The staff were all very friendly, but at one point it seemed we had to many waiters and every 3 minutes a different one came by asking how we were. There were also some promo Absolute vodka ladies there giving away lemon drop samples and chapstick- I like free stuff. 
I would go back here, but it's getting busy so make a reservation. And there's live music almost every night. I didn't care for the man playing the night we went.
We ate there last night for our 5th time. The food as usual was very good.The appetizers were wonderful also (Spicy Feta Cheese spread and Saganaki) but came with five tiny triangles of pita for a group of six. When we asked for more it took twenty minutes to get them and the charged for it. Dinner took over sixty minutes to come out. This is not the first time this has happened at this restaurant. Twice they said their computer went down, and once they lost our order.......... We felt sorry for the table behind us with two small children and their parents. After about one and a half hours they left without ever getting served. We did see management chase them at the door and apologize, but there is no excuse for this. We will wait a few months and try again after they get the bugs worked out of the system.
Let me first say that this review is tainted by the most incredible service I've received by any server; this was from a waiter named Yainnis.  He was EXACTLY what you'd want for a server.  He was helpful in knowing what to order (and not just the 'push the chicken,since it's about to turn' type of questions).  I took 6 people into this place, ordered abundant appetizers, meals for all, and dessert for two.  Our bill was $140, and then I put on a $30 tip.  Compare THAT to my previous reviews.

Price:  absolutely horrendous, and completely Scottsdale-like
Service:  impeccable, and of the highest order.  Yainnis can serve anyone, and make them feel right at home.
Taste:  Everything was wonderful, spicy but not hot, yummy and completely filling.  Each one of us walked out with half our entree, and we even had one person in our party who was decidedly anti-Greek food who went and enjoyed every dish they tried!  I couldn't have enjoyed it better unless it were closer to home, and priced like normal anti-Scottsdale food.

If you can overlook the price, you will DEFINITELY enjoy it!
We wandered into Athena after a movie and were graciously greeted even though we came in the back door! The friendliness of the staff made an inviting start to the evening. Our server, Angelo, acted like an owner. He is greek; knows the menu intimately and was very warm and friendly. We started with the grape leaves (dolmodes) which my hubby normally loves and I only tolerate. THESE WERE DELICIOUS loaded with lamb and rice and a warm, lemony sauce. BEST EVER! Our son had the kid's steak kebobs (chargrilled and sumptious) and we split the night's special- the braised lamb over greek spaghetti. My hubby is a big eater and there was still plenty to take home. The owner came over and introduced himself and the whole experience felt so removed from so many plastic restaurants in town, it was great and we will be back this week!
Finally!  A REAL Greek restaurant in the area!  We have visited Phoenix/Scottsdale many times, and have always been looking for an authentic Greek restaurant (we're from Chicago).  We finally found it with Athena!  The owner and chef are actually from Chicago, so we found the atmosphere and the food very familiar.  This is the only Greek restaurant in the area that we have found that serves fried zucchini and skordalia.  We were very pleased.  Thanks!
I can't remember a time that I have experienced such great service. As with another yelper we also had Yainnis  for our server. He was excellent along with every other employee we were met with. He even asked us if we were trying to make it out quickly or if we wanted a long meal. We told him we don't get out much with the kids and wanted a nice long meal, he had everything served in the perfect timing. My husband is Greek and we have such a hard time finding real Greek food rather than Mediterranean food- Middle Eastern. It was excellent, the feta tomato, pepper appetizer was seasoned deliciously. Gyro platter was enough for the two of us to share with the app and house salad. Live music was perfect lounge music and it was fun to see the groups of families many whom were Greek coming in. It was almost more of an event then catching a meal.
I must say, i'm very very impressed by this place! I'm originally from Alexandria, Egypt so we have alot of greeks & greek food there, this is the closest i've ever had to authentic greek food in the USA :) Really feels like home cooking, just the right spices & ingrediants....The staff is super friendley...and the price is very low compared to anywhere of this stature..less than $40 for 2 of us with an appetizers & even had a full leftover plate! if i could give this place 10 stars i would!
Went back again last night for the 5th time and had another wonderful meal. Upped my rating to 5 stars, becuase this is truly a wonderful place. The gilled octopus maybe the best appitizer I've ever had.
Two of us went to dinner at Athena Greek Cuisine.  We were able to use a $20 coupon we bought for $10, which was good.  Because the entrees felt like they were overpriced about $5 per.

The building feels like a Greek version of Abuelo's.

The food was a little hit and miss.  The lamb ribs special was just o.k.  It didn't feel particularly Greek, in fact the barbecue sauce seemed very standard American style.  The result was just o.k.

We also tried the Pastitsio, Moussaka, Dolmades, and Roasted Leg of Lamb (combination plate).  The first three were very, very good.  And I'm not normally a fan of Dolmades, but these were great.  However, the Lamb was a big let down.  It tastes like liver and was tough.

The portions were large, and we had plenty to take home.

The retsina they serve is very good and very mild.

The service was very attentive, and everyone we dealt with was friendly and helpful.

I'll probably go back, but the prices will keep this from becoming a regular place for me.
Flaming cheese is a good show! A little scary but good fun! Very lemony, and cheese has a good texture if you like greek cheese.  The tzatziki sauce is awesome. It has small diced cucumbers, and is not overly yogurt-y, or sour cream-y.  I had the chicken and lamb kebabs...Lamb med rare. and it was cooked perfectly. Juicy and tender with a great flavor. Not overpowering at all. I also like the rice pilaf that it came with. Good dish to share.  The only thing I wasn't too fond of is the dessert. We goth the baklava.  It was the rolled kind (not as flaky..more dense) and I think it was made with corn syrup, rather than honey. It had a ton of cinnamon shaken onto it and was a little too sweet with a strong cinnamon flavor.   Overall, the food is good and our server was so nice! I will definitely come back for the lamb.  They said they may start doing belly dancing/music for entertainment a couple nights per week, so I will be on the lookout!
If 4.5 were possible, Athena would get a 4.5.
Went here with the parents a couple nights ago for the first time, randomly came across it and decided to check it out... being the fans of Greek food that we are. Angelo was our server and he alone claims 4 out of those 5 stars. His service was amazing - he was attentive, helpful and friendly and more. He even managed to give my dad a quick lesson about Greek greetings/salutations.
The food... seriously, you cannot walk away from this place and not order their grilled octopus appetizer. The best octopus I've ever had, and I love me some seafood. Amazingness. I could've had another 10 more servings of that stuff if my stomach were big enough. The lamb kebab was great. The sample platter was good. That was probably the part that I was least excited about. Lamb was a little dry, as was the eggplant in the mousaka, but otherwise no complaints. I didn't bother to try the dolmades, but my parents loved them. Said they were some of the best ones they've had. Then there was dessert, that I didn't really have room for, but Angelo said it was on him, as an early birthday celebration for my dad (dad mentioned in some part of the conversation that his bday was a couple weeks away). The dessert was DELISH! Don't remember what it was called, but it's shaved filo w/ honey (almost like a baklava) topped with a custard, and then whip cream. YUM! I would also have had 10 more servings of it.
All in all, great experience. The people working there are great, and made our time even better. I'll be back here, even if I have to drive all the way across town.
Great service, but the food was horrible!!!! The service was the the highlight of the night. Our server was friendly and always made sure we were take care of.  The food was over spiced, very salty and was heated in a Microwave. It was a pre made TV dinner. Would never return to this place!!!
Ate here tonight with my husband and toddler and it was amazing!!!  We loved everything about it - the friendly atmosphere, the attentive, warm service, and the food was incredible.  Everything here is made from scratch and comes in very generous portions.  The smelt was perfect as was the hummus, gyro plate and chocolate mousse.  Eat here - you will enjoy yourself!
I took my parents here after reading the reviews on Yelp.  I was really hoping to love this place because there aren't that many Greek restaurants in the Phoenix area, and I wanted to have a place I could take my parents and my Greek husband and in-laws to.  The minute we stepped foot in this place, I knew it would probably be the last time we would go to Athena Greek.  The hostesses were very slow and unfriendly.  It took us waaay too long for them to even acknowledge our presence while a long line formed behind us.  The waiter who came by to take our order was nice, but that was one of three times we saw him for the two and a half hours we were there that night.  The other two times were when we got our dishes and when we paid for the dinner.  The food took forever to arrive, and instead of getting pastitio and moussaka on our combination plate, we got two cold slices of pastitio.  I'm giving Athena Greek three stars for the delicious appetizers, sea bass, and roasted chicken, and the apology from our waiter for the food taking so long to be ready.  We went on a Saturday night so there was live Greek music, which was probably the highlight of our entire night.
Went there with high school friends while visiting.  Last time they went, Athena was a Mexican restaurant with a different name.  

It's been a while between this review and since I ate there, so I cannot give you details about my meal.  However, I do know that we all enjoyed our meal.  There service was very good.  The entertainment (music) was...entertaining.

If you like Greek cuisine, and you're in the area, give it a try.

There's indoor and outdoor seating, plenty of TVs.
This place is true greek. They have a great Happy Hour with food and drink specials until 6pm. 
The Greek Spaghetti - of all things - is truly one of the most amazing meals I have eaten. I eat here all the time and the service is perfect.
Amazing new Greek restaurant.  We've been waiting for a place that understands Greek food and the way whole fish should be cooked and prepared Greek-style.  Superb whole black sea bass, saganaki was terrific, excellent Greek salad.  Our waitrerss Jenna had enough energy to light up a small town.  Low noise levels which is important to us.  Priced right for such high quality and ample portions.  Can't think of any improvements needed.  Our new favorite place.
If I were judging this based purely on my meal; the Gyro plate, it would be 5+ stars.. However I have to factor in the 3 other meals we ordered, and they were not anything to get excited about. In addition to my Gyro plate, we ordered the calamari appetizer, the sizzling cheese appetizer (I forget the name), the sampler meal, and the kabob. The sampler, and the kabob were so so, and neither person who ordered those were totally thrilled. The calamari was a little rubbery, but not horrible. The cheese appetizer was good though :) 

The star of the show however was clearly the Gyro plate that two of us ordered. Oh man it was good. Tender, yet crispy. Full of flavor, and I really liked the relish on top. I was a bit disappointed that they cut up the Pita into small pieces, and it was clearly not a freshly made Pita. Had this meal come with whole, freshly made Pitas, I think I would have setup camp, and refused to leave the building. 

So, in my opinion, You should travel long and far for the Gyro plate, but if you don't want Gyro's, go somewhere else.
Lunch specials rock at this place! The gyro was bigger than what I'm used to, and for $6.99 it comes with fries or a side salad. Ive also had the moussaka, which was great, even though it was crazy rich. It came with green beans doused in a great tasting marinara. At first look this looked scary, but tasted amazing! I didn't have dessert, but a friend had the baklava $5.50 and said it was terrific, albeit over priced. I can't wait  to go back and try more dishes!
Everything was great! Everything was well seasoned and delicious. A little more expensive than your average Greek place, but the norm for Greek is a 'hole in the wall'.  The great service and atmosphere compensate for the price though. 

Highly Recommend!
I am very picky with my Greek lemon soup. For instance, Daphneys has a good soup but I can make the same at home by adding a few things to canned soup. Now Athena has some amazing lemonsoup!  I got it one day on my way home from work and I was so glad I did. It was fresh and had the perfect flavor. Their pitas will make you drool. I still ha e to try more on their menu so this was definitely a review on the soup :)
Tried out Athena recently with some co workers and went there for lunch.
Everybody liked what they ordered. i ordered the lamb gyro which was great. I love lamb and am also very picky about it when Iorder. But this was perfect softness and flavor. The size of the helping was also adequate. The others had  the pork chops and the lamb combination plate which won points as well. The  service is good and the ambience is very hip and stylish. Will definitely go there again. 
Tip: If you go there for lunch, you may have to specifically ask for the lunch menu , they dont present it upfront.
Had the gyro platter,

The plate came out with potatoes, stemmed squash, the gyro that's was lamb covered in a sauce along with onions and tomatoes, tazhini, and maybe six small Pisces of pita. 

The portion was large and very filling. 
The flavors where great after I scraped off the sauce and tomatoes off the lamb. 

It was a lil loud but it was a very nice place and had great service.
I've been to Athena twice now, and been delighted both times.  First time I had the Athena Combo platter, which gives a nice assortment of tastings, including pastitsio, moussaka, dolmades in avgolemono sauce, and braised lamb with potatoes and vegetables, enough to take home for dinner the next day.  I've also had the smelt, vegetarian dolmades, hummus, flaming saganaki cheese, and lamb chops (they have two kinds, both small and double cut) - all were wonderful.  My second visit was with a Greek foodie, who gave it two thumbs up. There's also a nice selection of Greek wines.  The Hatzimichalis Cabernet Sauvignon was especially delicious.

Service was warm and attentive.  A band (not quite traditional buozouki) was playing both nights, rather loud, so we asked for seating as far away as possible from them so that we could converse but still enjoy the music.  There was also a talented belly dancer performing both evenings.  It's great to have this addition to the neighborhood, offering not only good Greek food, but a dining experience.
I am officially a regular here. I adore this place and all of the people in it. On the weekends you get the true Greek experience with music and dancing and even a belly dancer. Amazing. I have had almost everything on the menu and everything is perfect. I would not change a thing. Some of the BEST Martinis in the city have also come out of here. The Bartender used to work at Blue Martini so he is really good at the craft of martinis. Go here - eat, drink and be happy - this place breeds happiness and culture!
Went here with friends on a Saturday night. Reservations recommended. It was very busy. 

The food was good. Large portions and properly seasoned. We had the lamb kabobs, spanakopita, spicy feta dip, hummus and tzatziki. Great wine selection. 

Decor is typical Athenian design and there are a few "cheesy" elements (appetizer that is flambeed in front of your table with the server yelling, "OPA!" as it lights and a belly dancer). 

Overall a decent experience.
Very poor service, waited 5-10 min on the patio before my waiter came... another 5 min before I could order just a drink and I left after no drink came in the next 5 to 10 min - as for the free happy hour appetizers - they where really bad.... I would rather pay then have terrible free food... these guys need serious improvement!!!
Upon arrival, you are excited for your dining experience. The owner (host) is the most engaging and friendly person in the entire building (to our dismay).  The waiter we end up (jokingly to ourselves) calling Oscar the Grouch b/c he is so crabby.  Plus, his shirt is unbuttoned so far, we are concerned about his chest hair going into our food (not that it did, but the thought was repulsive).   The decor is pleasing, if not a little over the top "Greek" - almost too much.  You can tell they wanted to make a good impression with the decorating.  The food is okay - didn't blow me away.  We were there on a Sunday for lunch - they apparently don't offer their lunch menu on Sundays.... strange.  The spanikopita is huge (too huge) and the potatoes are greasy and the veggies are drenched in butter (tastes good, but I'm not used to all that fat).  So, the meal was mediocre. We paid $100 for 4 people to eat lunch (including several appetizers, but no alcohol).  I thought it was a bit steep for a Sunday lunch.  I'm sure the other people that had dinner there with all the hoopla of the belly dancing, etc. got their money's worth, but we were a little underwhelmed.  I am a huge fan of smaller mom/pop hole in-the-wall treasures - this is not that type of place.  If the owner wasn't so friendly upon our arrival, I would have probably given this place a lower rating.  The service is just so-so, and the food is fair (although I would recommend the hummus appetizer, but ask for extra pita - they only bring about 6 little triangles of pita).  I think that most of the better reviews of this place were when they were first open.  Good luck if you want to venture out and try this place...
Let' start off with I'm Greek so I know the good stuff.  Athena, to me, is just ok; however, in fairness, all I had was the walnut cake (good and traditionally made), a Greek salad (ok) and a cup of avgolemeno soup which I couldn't taste any chicken or lemon in so it rates a "meh."  Plus, the soup has waaay too much cornstarch filler in it so it fools people into thinking it's rich and thick.  Not good.  However, I have to say that the waitresses were superb--very, very quick, very personable--just absolutely the best there is!  Great service, at least, for lunch on a weekday!  Would I go back?  Yeah, I'd love to try their lamb for dinner or some of their specialties someday. Other than that, it's a pretty restaurant with the typical overpriced Scottsdale menu.
Where do I start? Went there during happy hour they had a table tent with the happy hour specials. They listed a few drink and appetizer specials. So I picked the humus but they did not have stuffed grape leaves (one of my favorite things) on the happy hour list. No big deal I will pay the regular price for them, so I looked on the regular menu and no stuffed grape leaf appetizer. They did however have them as an entrée. I asked the server and she said no problem she could make up an appetizer for us.  The humus was almost edible and the stuffed grape leaves were just simple horrible. The stuffing had a strange unpleasant taste. The grape leaves were though and stringy and all of this was covered in a clumpy thick white gravy? Good thing they had drink specials to was the taste out of my mouth. 

The main meal was bland and greasy. The servers and the manger were sitting at a table diagonal from us having a better time the most of the dinners. A side from being entertained by the staffs' conversation my wife and I noticed while we were eating other customers kept walking past bring back plates of food. We assumed that they had some sort of dinner buffet. We were wrong on the way out we noticed a sign that said they had a free happy hour buffet. And that the horrible stuffed grape leaves that our server so kindly was able to get us as an appetizer and charge us $7.00 for was part of the free buffet along with our happy hour special price $4.00 humus. 

So if you want to pay for really bad food brought to you by people who just don't care this is the place for you.
This is traditional Greek food for reasonable prices, the lunch specials are a steal and huge portions.  I LOVE the fried zucchini actually the garlic spread that comes with it is superb.  The service the first time I was there was ok, the second time excellent.  I find myself craving Athena frequently.
This is a fabulous restaurant!  I took a first date here, and it was a definite score!  The atmosphere was perfect, the wait staff was exceptional, they have the best authentic Greek food I have found anywhere, and on the weekends, they have some great live entertainment that makes the atmosphere even better!  Excellent... 5 stars!
Went there on a whim last night.  The Basketball game was on outside on the patio and the crowd was good.  I had the calamari and tabouli and both were very good.  I sat inside and out so the bartender was my server and she was great...attentive and knowledgeable.  I will go back soon !
This has to be one of my favorite places to go. Everything I have tried on their menu was delicious. Personal favorite is the chicken Athena (spinach and feta stuffed chicken with this yummy yummy sauce. veggies and greek potatoes on the side) I've had dreams about this before. The service has always been very friendly.
Super great food, great service and great prices!
Bad kebab
Excellent food.  I enjoy going here for lunch and for dinner.
I should've known better when I entered Athena and it was hotter inside than outside. Yet I was craving some gyros and hummus and had heard good things about this place. I should've walked out when the host grabbed the last few crayons from the bowl for my son and the bowl was lovingly garnished with dead fly bodies. Man I'm an idiot.

I should've gotten up from the table when after five minutes we were completely ignored by several servers waiting for a glass of water, but I thoroughly enjoyed not only the company that I was with, but also the dozen or so extra diners that joined us by landing on our napkins, forks and faces. 

I should've sent back the dip platter that was finally delivered thirty minutes after ordering. Especially because I find warm tsatsiki gross, hummus that separated into an unrecognizable film probably sometime the day before and the feta dip thoughtfully studded with wilted olives. But I digress, at least my son's fries were accompanied by ketchup so wonderful and distinct it had broken into a clear layer of oil and another layer of powdery grit, but that's probably just because it sits out in the kitchen for several hours to fully mature.

I should've asked for the manager and demanded my check to be waived, but I didn't, I just didn't. 

I should've gone to Arby's.
dinner service is much better than lunch service!

get the sampler platters to try different greek apps and entrees!

the owners and managers are great!
I have been in the resaurant industry for years, and the attention to detail at this establishment goes above and beyond the usual. My fiancé and I have dined at Athena many times and have been continually impressed with the food, service and ambiance. Petros, a young owner, is as focused on the floor and in the operations of his restaurant as as any I've seen, and knows us both by name at this point. The chef, who you will see walking the floor from time to time, exudes passion for the food produces and you can sense the rich culture in which he developed this passion. Whether I'm looking for a Friday Happy Hour, or romanitic dinner for two, you will certainly see my face around there more and more often.
Definitely, not-a- step-up .....nor is it, a step down, from your typical Greek place.

The only step-up that occurs, is the step-up, on Dinner prices.
The same items on the Lunch menu.......... step up in price on the Dinner menu.
Was this learned in Greek Business 101 ??

My Wife, likes this place.
Me, I don't feel good about, being advantaged.

Their Happy Hour, is a good deal.
I give them an OPA (thats the shout they give, when they light THE Saganaki).

For details on Happy Hour & menu prices, see their Web Site

My Ethics .... My Standards:
Every business starts with one star ..... GETTING MORE .... HAS TO BE EARNED.
Meh. 

We love Greek food and went there with friends after purchasing a Groupon. It was ok, not great. In fact, I think there are better Greek/Mediterranean places in town. There was a band playing inside which was a nice, but it was too loud. The patio was lovely, and there was a breeze, but the smokers on either side of us marred the experience. I had gyro's and my husband had the combination platter. The food was good, but not great. To be honest, the best part of the meal was dessert. The service was fast, but not so sure I would go back.
Horrible time at shit Athena.  Under cook chicken.. happy hour buffet has old riot food... it took 15 minutes to get glass wine .. stay away save ur money.
The owner was a gracious host. The server was nice, and attentive. The ambiance is pleasant.  Just one problem...the dinner we had was not great at all.  The saganaki cheese had a real goaty smell and taste.  The lemon-egg soup had too much corn starch.  The dolmathes were WAY too salty....hey, guys, please rinse off the brine soaked grape leaves, please!...the greek potatoes were tasteless and cool.  the veggie selection was a plus.. This was our only outing here, so to be fair, a person should probably try another main dish before making a final opiion.
Went to Athena with a lot of expectations however was disappointed. There were some classic Greek dishes but I don't think the taste was all that great
I returned here for lunch with a friend the other day and had a really good meal. It was a good amount of food for a small price. I had the lunch gyro with a greek salad on the side. You can get fries if you want. The gyro was big and the meat had great flavor. The salad was good too, it had dill in it and I liked that.  I'm not sure why I waited so long to come back, but I won't wait again. The manager or owner, Petros, came over and talked to us and also gave us both free chocolate mousse desserts! That was so nice and really yummy too!
I dined here with my wife and a friend the other night for a couple of hours and really enjoyed the food, the service (thanks Dan) and of course my dinner companions. I just can't believe I have never been here before the other night. My friend suggested this restaurant since he said he's been there a couple of times and has enjoyed it each time. He was treating so I didn't really care about the pricing. Somehow food always tastes better whenever someone else is footing the bill. We were celebrating some business referrals I sent him that turned into sales.

We ordered a plate of Hummus, Feta Cheese and some other spread with pita bread which was just ok, nothing spectacular. We were served never ending bread all night, it was fantastic when dipped in olive oil. The appetizer that was the hit of the night for me was the grilled octopus. OMG - live a little people and step outside of your box and try the grilled octopus instead of  the calamari.

My friend had the Leg of Lamb with the green beans. He shared a little with me. It was a 3 star taste for me. The beans had a hint of cinnamon in them. My wife was stuffed with the appetizers and didn't order a main course.

I had a Horiatiki side salad which is sometimes referred to as a Greek Hillbilly Salad. It normally consists of tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, green bell peppers, feta cheese, olive oil, oregano and kalamata olives. The fresh ingredients made this salad a winner. I ordered the special which was Braised Lamb with Eggplant. The lamb fell off the bone and was succulent and eggplant had a mushy consistency and was a perfect complement to the lamb. The main course reminded me of the Greek Islands in Chicago. And I find out from reading the previous reviews that the owner and chef are from Chicago. No wonder this place rocks since I went home and crashed into a blissful food coma.

So if you're looking for a home cooked dinner, go over to Athena and enjoy.
This place has its ups and downs. The interior is spacious and nicely designed. I have yet to have any problem with the wait staff, they are always courteous and timely. 
Most of the food I enjoyed, Loved the Saganaki, Pastitsio, both pork and chicken souvlaki, and their Dolmades are delicious without the often bitter flavor associated with them. The leg of lamb and Moussaka was so-so. The rice and veggies are very good, the squash especially.
A great place for lunch. Like others have noted, their dinner prices double for the exact or almost exact same thing. I have eaten their multiple time at both time periods and servings size for the things I have tried have been the same for lunch or dinner. So I would suggest going for lunch.
I would have given ZERO stars if it was an option.   Service was terrible.  we ordered fried zucchini, there was more breading than zucchini. We asked server what was the name of the dip he was serving with the zucchini, he said IT IS A DIP.  Never came back with a better explanation.   We each ordered Gyro platters and were served VERY cold gyro meat.  My daughter  got a chicken kabob.  It was four very tiny bites of chicken overcooked and seasoned with a vey strong yellow seasoning.  She is not a picky eater but would not eat this.  we are from Chicago, and know our way around Greek town. They would be out of  business in a week  in Chicago.  Restaurant is quite beautiful, so what a shame.  Should have known it was going to suck when we opted not to wait an hour at white chocolate and went here and it was virtually empty with the exception of the patio. Terrible service.  Not once did they inquire why we had not touched the food on our plates. They never cleared appetizer plates or dinner plates.  had to chase them down for refills and check.
The food was, authentic and just what I was looking for. The staff was Falling all over us. This is my new Greek spot.
I've been here twice so far.  The first time I just ordered a bowl of avgolemono soup and an appetizer of scordalia.  I have to admit I was kind of testing them.  Detroit has really really good Greek food and I've been to Greece before so I'm picky about Greek food.  The soup was perfect.  It had the right amount of lemon and a good consistency.  The scordalia was good but different than what I'm used to.  They add vinegar.

I went back last week to try a complete meal.  I was greeted with a bread basket full of delicious bread.  I was extremely excited to see retsina on the menu.  I didn't get a glass but I will next time I go.  I got the Athena combination plate because I wanted to try everything.  The lamb was delicious.  I'm used to my lamb being braised in a tomato sauce but this was extremely tender and very flavorful.  The stuffed grape leaves were amazing.  I usually don't like stuffed grape leaves and I was almost going to ask my waiter if I could substitute something else, but I'm glad I didn't.  They had a ton of meat in them compared to rice and the sauce was basically avgolemono soup without the rice so I loved it.  The pastitsio was ok, it wasn't the best thing on the plate but it wasn't bad.  The tomato sauce was really good though.  Just a perfect hint of cinnamon, it wasn't overbearing in any way.  My favorite was definitely the moussaka.  It had a ton of meat in it and the eggplant was cooked perfectly.  It also had a layer of potato in it which I'd never had before.  The béchamel layer was perfect too.  It was delicious and a wonderful consistency.  Nothing worse than a runny béchamel!  The sides were delicious too.  There were lemony roasted potatoes, rice with tomato sauce and Greek style peas which I adore.  I have to say that everything I tasted was PERFECTLY seasoned, not just with salt and pepper but with herbs and spices as well.   I really wanted to try and dessert but I couldn't even finish my dinner so I got an order of baklava to take home with my leftovers!

The interior of the restaurant is really beautiful too.  I love how open and clean it is and the mural on the wall is lovely.  The service here is also amazing.  The first time I went in I chatted with my waiter for a bit and found out he's from the Detroit area too.  The second time my waiter was just as great.  Since I was alone he checked on me often and stopped to talk to me when he had time. I will absolutely 100% be back.  Even if I can never get my husband to come here with me I will continue to dine at Athena Greek alone lol!!
Although the service was good, the food was lackluster. I ordered a $27 filet-mignon that lacked quality presentation. Looked like it had been just slopped together. Not worth the price!
Spanakopita entree was delicious, especially the sumptuous flaky crust.  Baklava dessert was among the better I've had in the Phoenix area as well.  This newly remodeled place has a few white table cloths, properly dressed & trained staff (mine was, at least), and good food at reasonable prices.  I hit them before the lunch rush and received great service, and food was up right away.
I heard some great things about this place and I really love Greek food.  The greeter was so excited to have us join them for dinner.  The hummus and pita were tasty and my spanakopita was delicious too.  The music selection was quite strange for a Greek restaurant and it was hard to concentrate while they had someone hammering on the door to the patio.  We finished our meal with some tasty desserts that I highly recommend.
Overpriced.  In all fairness, I got take out, so I wont knock them for presentation.  However, quality was fair at best. Possibly just a bad dish (chicken kabobs)?.....doubt it.   I guarantee the dish (including sides) was reheated and cooked earlier this week.
Terrible. Me and my hubby went here back in Jan for our anniversary. We waited nearly 2 hours for our food. When it finally arrived, it turned out that they had run out of the Lamb my husband had ordered, and they brought him some pasta plate to compensate for it. And after all this, they didn't even offer a discount on our bill. Never eating here again.
AMAZING food, AMAZING service, AMAZING PLACE!  I almost NEVER give a full 5 stars, however this place GETS it!!!
A coworker went here and raved about the lamb, so I had to try it. I must not have had the same lamb because I ate about half out of hunger and then when the waitress asked if I wanted the rest boxed up I said no and she made this face: :-(

The atmosphere inside was very strange to me as well. It was a very large ornate space with large tables/booths yet it still felt cheap. The live band in the other room I had to climb over on my way to the bathroom was an interesting touch, but again I couldn't tell if it was fancy or cheap. It kinda reminded me of Vegas in that way.
Our first visit to Athena was a great one! Always drove by but never stopped. We are quite the foodie family and love authentic cuisine. Everyone was super friendly from the second we walked in the door from the staff to the owner. There was live Greek music playing (a Sat. Night) which topped off our authentic Greek dining experience. We ordered the Tzatziki, Scordalia, & Hummus cold combo appetizer plate to share & my husband had the fried Smelts. Now being Italian and not Greek he grew up on the East Coast enjoying Smelts, since moving to Scottsdale 5 yrs. ago we have yet to find but 1 Italian restaurant that even knew what smelts were let alone serve them. They were great!! Then all of us had the Chicken Souvlaki Kebabs with delicious rice with veggies. My kids loved them too! Tender very flavorful chicken well seasoned that we highly recommend to anyone! We also had a free dessert offered on Yelp for checking in! Ghalaktoboureko-Semolina cream custard filled filo, delish! We will definatley be back and recommend to others! A true Greek dining experience in Scottsdale!
My husband and I ate here on a recent trip to Phoenix.   We arrived early, so the restaurant was mostly empty.   We were treated like royalty by the servers, and had a thoroughly enjoyable experience.

Because we were starving, of course we over ordered.   By the time we finished the delicious mixed appetizer plate of eggplant spread, garlic spread and hummus, along with a shared greek salad, our entrees were a little bit of overkill, but so yummy and wonderful that we decided to cast moderation to the wind and dig in.

My entree was the amazing Athena Combination that included healthy portions of roasted lamb, moussaka, pastitsio, and house made dolmades.   Everything on that plate was beautifully prepared, and exceptionally delicious.   I make these dishes at home, I'm a food snob and I have nothing but raves and praises for the wealth of flavor, texture, and pure Greek deliciousness that was on that plate.  It is very difficult to make a tasty, fluffy, creamy bechamel.  What came atop my moussaka was nothing short of heavenly.  I don't know how they created such sophistication of flavor and texture from an often mundane dish like pastitsio, but I will be dreaming about that dish for a long time.   It was flat out amazing.    The lamb was cooked to perfection, full of juicy deliciousness.   I could eat those succulent dolmades all day every day.  

My husband enjoyed the Shrimp Athena in worshipful silence.  All I can tell you about that is that he cleaned his plate, and I had no room or inclination to roam from my own plate full of sensuous scrumptiousness, so I did not venture a sample.   

The  attractive decor, friendly, attentive, happy smiling staff, and the delectable food have put Athena Greek Cuisine on our top 10 list of restaurants in the Phoenix area.

We have one complaint, and it is a very serious one.    There is no taramasalata on the menu!!
Great food! Great service! Great atmosphere! They have the best Saganaki (opa!!), Eggplant spread (melizanosalata), Pastitsio & Moussaka around!! The next closest place with this kind of great food is probably in Chicago!!
I've lived in Greece so am very picky when it comes to Greek food in the US. Most places I've tried have Americanized their menu. Not necessarily a bad thing, but if you're looking for genuine Greek food, it is.

Athena is the real deal. I measure Greek restaurants by their salad. A true Greek salad (horiatiki salata) does not have lettuce. Lettuce is added to appease Americans who associate a "salad" with lettuce. Athena has two salads. One called a Greek Salad which has lettuce (presumably to appease Americans who have come to expect it) and their Greek Village salad which is made EXACTLY like an authentic Greek salad. I was pleasantly surprised. It was outstanding.

Their Gyro is perfect and their Tzatziki is thick like traditionally found in Greece. Their saganaki is made with kefalograviera cheese and finished flambe tableside. Fantastic.

As far as Greek restaurants go, I cannot recommend Athena more.
closed
closed???
Purchased 3 Groupons for this place and used 2 of them.  Had the Gyro platter, which was "meh".  Went back to use my 3rd Groupon and the place was closed for business.

Return Factor - 0%
Meh. I'm a bit surprised by all the positive reviews. My fiancé and I came in search of a great local Greek restaurant...we're still looking. 
We ordered two appetizers which came out within two minutes and had obviously been sitting out all afternoon. It did not set our expectations high for the rest of the meal and we were right. The dolmades were old, the saganaki was sour, the free dessert we redeemed with our yelp check in was so tough, our forks couldn't cut through it. The staff was friendly but based on the old food with mediocre flavor we were served, would not return.
Wow! This newly opened little food shop in the Mekong Plaza is fantastic. Very authentic Hue Food. Although I'm not a Vietnamese, I have been to Hue in Vietnam and had their famous Bun Bo Hue. Must say that this store was very close to the authentic Bun Bo Hue. The pork hock and the other meat used was very tender, the noodle was perfect. The broth is lightly flavored so that you can use the Shrimp Paste for those who like it a bit more salty. The veggie was very generous.

The Banh Beo was another neat Hue snack. It's a very thin rice cake snack which is steamed. You dip it in Fish Sauce. It was very nice and moist.

Their menu is pretty limited as they only have about 6-7 items, but they are definitely featuring the best of hue to serve. Very impressed to see. 
There was a good crowd too, so lot's of people have been dying for some nice Hue food.

Only thing to note is they were a bit disorganized the opening weekend as their register was not even working, and the service was a bit slow. I'm sure after a few weeks, this place will be running smoothly.
I wouldn't consider this gourmet, but then again when I went to Hue in Vietnam I didn't have any gourmet style food.   Maybe I don't know what I'm talking about.  I can appreciate the authenticity of their food here.  Though I can't say I'm a big fan.  The taste just doesn't hit me with enough bang! The food was okay, but I must give them props for service.  I enjoy trying to speak Vietnamese and the server trying to teach and encourage me to speak...haha.  Yes, I'm still learning ..... Having it right inside Mekong Plaza is a big plus for this restaurant.  I just wouldn't know how it would do elsewhere. - enjoy!
An unpretentious little restaurant in the Mekong Plazza food court.  The price is right (low) and the quality is high, mom's and grandmom's recipes!  They now accept credit cards. The owner of this new (3+ months) restaurant is a charming young lady named Lan from Hue City, Vietnam, with a degree in Chemical Engineering and a life long desire to own a restaurant.  "This is my baby" she proclaimed proudly.  She is still upgrading and adding to her menu, using the freshest ingredients she can find.  There are 6 people in the kitchen, none of whom speak much if any English.  She serves the tastiest and best (I call it Pho) Pho I have ever eaten.  Called Bun Bo Hue and served as spicy as you would like.  The broth is rich with a depth of flavor rarely seen in restaurant soups.  It's addictive, filled with slices of chicken and beef and rice noodles, served with a side dish of shredded red cabbage and 2 different kind of green leaves, bean sprouts and a fish type of paste to mix in for added kick.  I have never had spring rolls as tasty and as well seasoned  with green onion oil and crunchy crushed peanuts, fresh shrimp, ground pork and several other items that created a symphony of flavors and textures.  My son-in-law likes this place so much that he eats lunch there three or four times a week and claims it to have the greatest Vietnamese food in town!  My wife and I have to agree.  Lan is happy to chat with you and suggest some of the dishes she thinks you might enjoy.
Fresh, flavorful, cheap, and made quick.  While the menu is limited here, this allows them to specialize more in those certain items, and as a result the dishes are excellent.  The food here are a bit more esoteric than those you might find at other Vietnamese restaurants.  For instance, the dish I had was something I had never even seen on a Vietnamese menu in the US, and um... sorry I don't remember the Vietnamese name of what it's called, but it was labeled as Clam Rice.  It had a veggie component and a rice component with meat and nuts.  When it came out to our table, the presentation was beautiful due to the combination of colors and textures.  The entree was excellent and was the right mix of crunchy, sweet, salty, tangy, hot, and cold.  They packed a lot of flavor in that seemingly simple dish, and I will definitely be coming back here to try more of their entrees!
I adore this little food-to-go/eat at your leisure spot! I've been on a wild goose hunt for great Hue food and I finally found it! Being from San Diego, I loved eating at the infamous Hoai Hue, however it has failed me twice after moving to its new location. On a happier note, Hue Gourmet's menus is authentic and so is the taste of bun mang vit, bun bo hue, nem heo, and banh beo. That is all I've tried so far, however I'm sure the rest of the menu won't disappoint me!
The Bun Bo Hue was okay.  This is a food court area.  Do not expect much for atmosphere.
Although this Vietnamese dining spot is in a food court - in Mekong Plaza -  the quality of the food is excellent. The ingredients are really fresh and the dishes are well prepared and delicious. For the same (low) price you would pay in other Vietnamese dining establishments, the food you get is of higher quality. There's also a rather wide variety of dishes to choose from, considering that it's in a food court setting. The owner is very friendly and I appreciate her help in understanding what the unfamiliar dishes are. I would have given this five stars if it were in a full restaurant setting rather than in a food court atmosphere with a shared seating area.
One word: Authentic! I love Hue food and this place pretty much has it all. I tried their bánh bèo chén, bánh kht and bún bò. The bún bò would be perfect if there were some rau kinh gii to eat with. I thought the bánh bèo was very good and so was the bánh kht. They also make fresh Pate Chaud and bánh giò! Can't wait to come back to try the rest on the menu.
Another very good place in the food court.  Authentic and inexpensive,  though the broth isn't 5 star.  There are a lot of really good Asian restaurants around here.  It's almost like being back in California!   Note that they are closed Wednesdays.
This restaurant is located inside of the Mekong Plaza. This is an authentic vietnamese place that specializes in middle vietnam cuisine. I come here for their speciality and this place is consistently delicious. Try the BUN BO HUE (spicy red soup) and you can tell them how spicy you like it. It can get pretty intense so plan accordingly - mild spice. They take cash or credit so no worries about not having cash in hand. You would not expect that this place to be a "restaurant" since it's looks like a mall food court. I still leave a tip on the table since food and drinks are technically served to me. I love me some pho noodle soups, but when it comes to bun bo hue - do not go anywhere else but here!
This place was authentic according to my wife who's mom us from Hue. She said it was the best bun no hue she's had so far in Phoenix. I had the bun rieu, and it was good, but have had better. The egg rolls were a little disappointing, but not bad. I loved the feel of the place; out in the open in the middle of the market place.

Our second trip here - not as good. Seems there broth recipe is inconsistent (referring to the Bun Bo Hue). Was still ok, can't go wrong with the price.
As close to Califorrnia's Hue restaurants as I am going to get in Phoenix. Though it's really on a different scale all together, I still enjoy Hue Gourmet. They've really improved since they've opened. I'm glad their business has picked up. They offer a wide menu for a little food court joint. 

I particularly like their Banh Loc and their take on Mi Quang. Their other soups are good but on some days can be too sweet for my taste (Bun Bo Hue). I want to try their Duck Noodle Soup next. It seems to be a crowd favorite.
This is the best Hue' restaurant that I love so far. I ordered the grilled pork and rice vermicelli this time. They are fresh and well cook. Highly recommended for anyone want to try Vietnamese authentic food. I am loving it!
Pretty good for viet food in Phoenix. I've only had BBH (please don't call it pho...completely different flavor profiles with different origins, different spices, different stocks, different noodles, different herbs, etc. ok done with mini rant) but will be back to try some other dishes.  Flies in the dining area though so get ready to swat, especially if hot outside.
Got even better, and now it is my #1 favorite Viet restaurant in AZ.  The variety has expanded too, but my favorite is the $5 "today's special", which always seems to be the same.  No msg.
I really love Vietnamese Food and this little restaurant is easily a favorite of mine. Cuisine from the Hue region of Vietnam is a little different than your typical soup places. No Pho here ... so get ready.

The owner is really cool and extremely helpful. It was fun on my first visit. She wanted to make sure I understood this type of cuisine and how it should be eaten. They take great effort to make sure the food is packed full of flavor and beautifully presented at the same time. Nice!

So far I have tried several of the soups and a good sampling of their tasty bite sized appetizers. Bun Bo Hue - Spicy Beef SOUP is a good place to start. The Crab and Shrimp versions are also excellent as well as the Duck. They have some really good specials during the week that will fill you up cheap. Just ask her and she will tell you what is good.

Located in the Mekong Plaza Food Court. The eating area here is pretty basic with a dozen or so community tables and chairs. Just kick back and enjoy yourself and pretend you are on a vacation adventure. It usually works for me. DID I HEAR SOUP?

4.75 STARS
OK - *six* stars now!  I've only recently become aware of the harmfulness of MSG, and this place does not use it, and that is very rare in a Vietnamese restaurant.  Does anyone know of any other Viet rest's in the state that don't?  If so, please pm me and tell me.  

Asian Cafe Express, Chinese - but they branch out into other cuisines as well -across the street, also does not use MSG.
I love the Bun Bo Hue made from this restaurant. So far, it is one of the most authentic Vietnamese Spicy Soup (a.k.a Bun Bo Hue) that I have tried in Phoenix, AZ. They have pretty much most of the stuff that a Bun Bo Hue's  supposed to have. When you get a bowl of this soup, you've gotta get Cha Thoi as well, which is only like $1 per piece. Trust me... It's well worth it to eat with the soup! Prices here are super reasonable, if not cheap compared to other places. Occassionally, they'd have Bun Rieu on special on the weekends for $5 as well!
This place literally hooks me up. I cannot stop coming back every week to eat their bun rieu and bun bo hue. Their Bun Rieu is the best in phoenix so far. Very tasty broth. No other restaurant is even close to their level. Very affordable too! 5 dollar only!
This place has really good bunbohue. It tastes about the same with what I used to have in Vietnam. I will definitely come back here with my family!!!
I usually come here for BBH (bun bo hue). It's not that bad. There's usually a young guy that works the front. Today there was a little girl and some older ladies working. Service today wasn't bad, it was terrible. She charged extra for everything. I understand extra noodle would be an extra charge but with extra noodles they skimp me on the meat. We asked for more lime = $.50, extra shrimp paste = $.50, she didn't even want to give it to us. Only one pork grind per chen of banh beo. The soup was not spicy today. I was gonna ask for chili but she'll probably charge me another $.50 lol We will no longer come back here. Horrible service especially on Chinese New Year. If you come here, just remember condiments are not free. Smh
Btw, there was a guy that came up while we were ordering and asked for a to-go box. She didn't want to give it to him. She asked him why he wants it.
Not Vietnamese, Not even Asian, but this place was really good to my inexperienced tongue.

Affordable, plenty of menu options, and friendly service.
So when this place first opened it was pretty good, but now the quality and service has gone downhill and I will not be returning. I love Hue food and refuse to eat mediocre Hue food or support a business that do not value their customers enough to keep the quality the same or try to improve their quality.
My favorite is the 201 it has good meat in it and if you want it pretty spicy just get one scoop of  Hot Chillys anything more than that it's unbearable
I started coming here when they had their grand opening. I must say I've been back despite of the decreasing meat portion. Their seasoning hasn't changed, but rather better. Miss boss is nice, very accommodating. I love bún vit and bún bò here minus their meat quality.
This place has great prices, great food, and unique menu items.  The staff is not great but the food makes up for it.  If you want real, authentic, non Americanized Vietnamese food, this is the place to go!  YUM!
This is my first experience with Vietnamese, so I have no idea how authentic it is, but it's definitely delicious!
Hue, the former imperial capital of the Nguyen Dynasty between 1802 and 1945, has it's own regional cuisine that sets it apart from other regional cuisines in Vietnam and we're lucky to have a place that serves such cuisine right in our own Mekong Plaza in Mesa. I've been coming here at least every other weekend to try out a different dish. So far my favorite items are Banh Khot, Bun Mang Vit, Mi Quang, and Bun Bo Hue. They're open every day except Wednesday. Service is decent - the only complaint I have is all the flies in the food court you have to keep swatting away from your food. Prices are very cheap and you definitely get lots of value for your buck spent here. Their menu is kinda splattered all over the walls and is a little hard to follow so I'm pasting it in here in true OCD fashion (minus the diacritic marks which won't get posted in Yelp until Vietnamese becomes one of the languages supported.) 

101) Banh Beo - [BUN BAIL] - rice coin with shrimp flakes, green onion topping, and crunchy pork skin
102) Banh Nam - [BUN NUM] rice roll with shrimp flake in banana leaf
103) Banh Loc La - [BUN LOCK LAH] - Clear Dumpling filled with Shrimp and Pork in Banana Leaf
104) Banh Loc Tran (Party Tray Only) - [BUN LOCK TRONG] - Clear Dumpling filled with Shrimp and Pork, coated with green onion oil
105) Banh Gio - [BUN JOE] - pyramid shaped rice dough dumpling with pork, Jicama, wood ear mushrooms, and wrapped in banana leaf
106) Banh Bao Nhan Thit Trung - [BUN BOW NYANG TICK CHOONG] - steamed bun filled with pork and egg
107) Banh Bao Nhan Xa Xiu (Special Order Only) - [BUN BOW NYANG SA SIU] - steam bun filled with BBQ pork
108) Banh Ba Te So (Weekend Only) - [BUN PAH TAY SHOW] - Pork Paté Choud
109) Cha Gio Tom - [CHAW JOE TOME] - Shrimp Egg Roll
110) Banh Khot - [BUN CAULK] - crispy mini pancakes with shrimp topping served with veggies and dipping sauce
111) Banh Mi Thit Nuong - [BUN MEE TICK NOONG] - mini French bread filled with pepper pork and mint
112) Banh Mi Thit Nguoi - [BUN MEE TICK NOOEE] - mini French bread filled with cold cut and shredded pickle
201) Bun Bo Hue - [BOON BAW HWAY] - Hue style beef and pork noodle soup, spicy level [0-5]
202) Banh Canh Cua - [BUN KUN KOO AH] - hand cut tapioca flour noodle soup with real crab meat and shrimp
203) Bun Rieu Cua - [BOON REW KOO AH] - crab cake, spare rib, meat loaf, tomato noodle soup served with veggies
204) Bun Mang Vit - [BOON MUNG VEET] - Duck Noodle Soup with bamboo and served with duck slices on a bed of sweet and sour cabbage
205) Bun Cha Ca - [BUN CHAW KA] - steamed and fried fish cakes over noodle soup served with veggies
206) Mi Quang - [MEE KWANG] - Quang Nam style noodle with shrimp, pork, quail egg and veggies
207) Bun Thit Nuong (egg roll can be added) - [BOON TICK NOONG] - grilled pork over rice vermicelli, served with veggies and Vietnamese pickle
208) Com Hen - [KOM HEN] - baby clam meat over rice with vegetables and clam juice
301) Cha The - [CHAW TEH] - steamed pork stick wrapped in banana leaf
302) Cha Hue Don - [CHAW HWAY DON] - Hue style meatloaf
303) Cha Oc - [CHAW OAK] - Escargot mixed in pork stick
304) Cha Tom (Call In Advance) - [CHAW TOME] - shrimp cake, steamed
305) Cha Que (Call In Advance) - [CHAW KWAY] - charbroiled cinnamon flavor pork slab
306) Nem Nuong (Call In Advance) - [NUM NOONG] - broiled star anise flavored pork meat ball
307) Tre Hue - [CHE HWAY] - pickled head cheese wrapped in banana leaf
308) Tom Chua - [TOME CHOO AH] - pickled shrimp with shredded papaya

[ Drinks]

01) Ca Phe Sua Da/Nong - [KA FEY SOOH DA/NOWNG] - Coffee Iced/Hot
02) Nuoc Da Lanh - [NYOO DUH LUN] - Iced Water (free if you eat here)
03) Nuoc Tra Da - [NYOO CHA DUH] - Iced Tea
04) Nuoc Tra Nong - [NYOO CHA NOWNG] - Hot Tea
05) Pepsi, Coca Cola, Diet Coke, Dr. Pepper, Mountain Dew, Sprite, 7 Up, Shasta
06) Nuoc Suoi Chai - [NYOO SOY CHAI] - bottled water
07) Che Dau Do Bot Ban, Nuoc Cot Dua, Dap Da - [YEH DOW DOH BO BUN, NYOO KOH ZOO UH, DUP DUH] - red bean, tapioca, coconut milk, crushed ice
08) Nuoc Da Chanh Tuoi Vat - [NYOO DUH CHAN TOOEE VUT] - Freshly Squeezed Limenade
So glad I decided to try out this filipino restaurant for lunch today!!!  The place was nice and clean.  Very spacious.  The food was in those buffet line looking warmer, and they have so many varieties.  The chairs were kinda uncomfortable though.  There was no cushion.  But after eating the food, I forgot about the non-cush for my tush.  

Pancit Palabok-The noodles were bigger than the ones I had before at Jollibee or Goldilocks.  It had a nice thick layer of pork rinds on top.  This adds texture and flavor to this awesome dish.  We asked for 6 wedges of lemon and squeeze them all on this dish, mix it around and wa la!!!  Pure DELICIOUSNESS!!!!  I must say this is the best pancit palabok I have eaten!

Lechon Kawali (Pan Roasted Pork)-roasted nicely with the right amount of crispiness to it.  Wasn't hard at all.  I usually get this at the chinese bbq restaurants, but this is a contender.  Wow, I am pleasantly surprise.  Love this.

Beef Caldereta (Filipino Beef Stew)-I recently decided to eat as little beef as possible, but I did try this.  The chunks of beef was tender, the stew was nice and comforting, with the yummy taste of different veggies that it was simmered in.  I somehow tasted a peanutty flavor, in which I was never a fan of peanuts.  However, this is still a nicely composed dish.  

Pork Adobo-So good!  I love tender pork.  What can I say?  Who doesn't right?  Full of flavor.  Yummy!

Dinuguan (Pork blood stew)-The color may look scary to some (ME!), but it's a savory stew of blood and meat simmered in a thick, spicy gravy of pig blood, garlic, chili and vinegar.  I am one to experiment with food so I tried it.  It's bursting with flavors!  

Halo Halo-This was yummy too!!!  It has the typical beans in the Halo Halo, the ice was easy to chew, and it has a scoop of halo halo ice cream on top.  It was missing the rice crispies though.  I found a small chunk of banana it it...which was a bit different then the ones I had at Goldilocks and Jollibee.  But I still enjoyed it.

The staff were very friendly and helpful.
Food was flavorful...Love Them!!!!!!  Yay, this is my favorite Philipino Food Place!!!

Oh, and the 2 items with rice is only for $5.49...So cheap and yummy!!!!
I tried this place out because one of our friends ordered party trays at their party of the Pork Adobo, and it was a hit!  We wanted to see and try this place.....

Location -  very interesting - tucked away and not easiest to find

Decoration  - very simple, but comfortable and large enough to have large parties.

Food - more buffet based, what is cooked is in the large aluminum trays on heaters, so this is what is available. If you go at wrong times, you are not going to get what you may want.

Menu - Good Selection, but based on what is already cooked.  Checked out the selection of baked goods available for sale too.  

Service - You are served at the food line and they know their stuff and will let you try some things. Ask questions and they are very helpful.

Overall, nice place to try out filipino food, and the food quality is good for sure.  I just found it to be very salty for my taste, and a bit on the expensive side.  However, I will try it again for sure.
I came back for more, but this time, they ran out of what I really wanted to eat or don't have what I've been looking for.

Binagoongan-this is pork in salted shrimp paste.  I really wanted to eat this dish, but they didn't cook it today either.  They did recommend me something that is kinda similar and gave me a taste of it but since there is a peanut butter taste, I didn't like too much.

Ok, that's fine, so I wanted the lechon, but they ran out :(

So for my two items with rice, I chose the safe route and got the pork adobo.  Yum yum like the first time.  For the second item, I asked the guy there whether the fried fish or intestine taste better, and he said the intestine.  It was kind of salty.  I kinda stayed away from this after a few bites.  These fried intestines could definitely be made with less salt.

Their lumpia shanghai was good.  Nice little appetizer to munch on.

I tried the melon cooler this time, and it was pretty decent.  I will order it again.

So lesson learned, call them prior to making a visit to see what they got cooking.  Service is still awesome.
Had lunch here today. The place is brand new; they are still setting up all their decorations. Well, maybe that's their Christmas stuff.

Anyway, it's your standard Filipino buffet-style layout. It was $5-something for two items with rice. I went with Menudo and Sinigang. I'm a bit of a quail egg addict, so when I saw all those quail eggs on top of the Menudo, I was sold. Unfortunately, I only got one. Boo. Both of the items were as good as I would hope. I also got their Melon drink (cantaloupe) and it was delicious.

I like the decor of the place. It feels friendly, inviting, and clean! They have a couple of TVs in the back - one for you to get your TFC or GMA or whatever fix and the other was playing ESPNews.

I like this place enough to return. It's a good drive from work, but it's on my lunch list.

3.5 stars (Sorry Teri C... I'm going to start biting your style... when necessary)
This place just opened up near my house so one day the BF and I stopped by for a snack:
-2 Chicken Barbecue Sticks- Good but I think I would prefer it if my stick wasn't double dunked in the sauce- sauce overload but good
-Lumpia (eggrolls)- Salty Good (I like salty, better than bland) The lumpia was good
I look forward to trying the pancit and veggie eggrolls
The inside is clean and service is fast- I can't stand the smell though- not a typical bad smell just a strong food smell- so I will take my food to go
Disclaimer:  This review is written by a non-Filipino....

I have eaten at Fiesta Filipina three times now.  The first time I was there, the pancit was the best I'd ever eaten, and the BBQ chicken was just marvelous.  I am a sucker for pancit, so I ate it the next 2 times I was there...but something had changed.  The 2nd time, it was so full of big celery chunks, that's about all that was in it.  The noodles were a lot thinner than before (and clumped together), and I literally had 2 small pieces of chicken in it.  The 3rd time it was better than the 2nd, but still not as good as the first time....I guess it depends on who makes it.  Also on our 3rd visit, my BBQ chicken was very cold.

My husband likes their lechon (sp?), and has had it twice.  He has also had the sinigang, and I tasted some.  (Honestly, I like my hubby's better, but he said it was good).

The fried plaintains (not sure the proper name for them) are wonderful!

Overall, I think (other than the pancit), that their portion size is just a bit on the small size.

Taste:  Pretty good, but some consistency issues.

The place looks very nice, although we have always gotten our food to go, so I cannot comment on how comfortable it is.

Will definitely go again.....but am losing patience on the consistency of their pancit.
Got homesick in the office this afternoon, and had a real hankering for some authentic Filipino food.  Luckily for me, it's right around the corner from my work.  Walked in, and  was actually impressed by the clenliness and decoration of the establishment.  They had a great selection on the steam table, and none of the food looked like it had been there for three days.  Got the sinigang, and they make it just how I love it, sour.  Will make this a regular lunch spot for sure.
I've been waiting for a good Filipino food place since I've moved to Vegas (having refused to learn how to cook it properly myself). 

This place is like a rebound SO; it won't replace your true love, but it helps ease the sting of not having them. Their food wasn't just like home cooking, but tasted close enough that I would come back.

For my first visit, I went very basic:
Lumpia shanghai: Good recipe, but they need to either cook smaller batches or keep them warmer b/c lukewarm definitely decreases taste.

Sinigang beef: Nice moderate tamarind flavor that will be easily tolerated by the masses (my ideal sinigang is super sour, so I'm not going to knock points off because this one wasn't). Beef was very tender and fell right off the bones. 

Turon: Same as the lumpia (need to keep these puppies warmer!). Also, would have liked to see some jackfruit mixed in to up the sweetness level. 

Pancit bihon: Nice consistency to the noodles (not too soggy). 

Nice ambiance inside too with the ABS-CBN blaring from a nice flatscreen. People unfamiliar w/ Filipino food beware: it's buffet style service a la Panda Express, but without the helpful placards telling you what the dishes are.
It was my sons baptism after party and we needed some quick filipino food that wouldn't take all day. I heard great thing about this place and its right down the street. We ordered two orders of krispy pata, an order of pancit, an order of kalderata and all there turrone. It was 15 minutes, hot and tasty. Food was delicious and service was friendly.

Many filipino restaurants that I've experienced have really bland tasting food. That is probably made in huge, huge pots. But there are a couple great tasting filipino restaurants in LV and I'm glad. I am a fan. Thank you.
I had a craving for Filipino food after work, so I decided to finally make a visit to Fiesta Filipina Cuisine. I have been driving past this place and I was curious to try it. 

I walked in and first noticed the shelves full of baked Filipino goods. I was really tempted to pick up several packages of kutchinta (orange sticky rice flour cake) or puto (white rice cake), but I had to refocus and remind myself why I was there.

I was there for fast, to-go Filipino food. And that is what I got. I was immediately greeted by the friendly lady behind the counter and she knew what I wanted. "Combination platter?" Yes, please.

Out of the 12 or so dishes, I chose my usual favs: kare kare (peanut sauce stew with oxtail/beef) and sinigang (a tamarind sour soup with beef and vegetables). I also got suckered into a large piece of toron (fried banana egg roll).

The food overall was pretty good. I can't help but compare it to my mom or lola's cooking. The sinigang was the best of it all. I'd go back for that alone. I was kind of disappointed that the kare kare didn't have tripe in it, but I can't blame them keeping it out for mainstream purposes. And the toron was a little burnt, but the taste wasn't bad.

In the end, I would return here to fulfill a spontaneous Filipino craving and to purchase some of those desserts on the shelves. I also saw that they have crispy pata, which really excites me. I wanted to order it then, but I couldn't justify buying that large delicious hunk of fried crispy pork all for myself. ...or can I?
I live near this place so if I'm ever desperate...it's a good default place.  
I finally stopped by to try it and see if I will be coming here a lot. 
I guess I will only go if I am around that area and if at all. 

I park and the outside looks inviting.  Lots of decor that reminds me of home.  (Philippines)  The decor inside was very native and warm.  The place looks clean and the TV was on and OMG what a surpise TFC was on.  (I don't really care about the TFC part-lol)
There was a guy behind the counter who was not very talkative until I asked for what i chose.  
TILAPIA- good, crispy and was flour dipped which was nice and helped keep its crunchiness.
MONGO- kinda thin, the pork fat was really more fat, lacked flavor, bland and had bokchoy (?).  I guess I''m used to ampalaya and spinach.  
DINUGUAN-was not cooked enough and the "timpla" was not right.  I guess it was authentic since they used a lot of non-meaty parts (prob belly and and fatty stuff since it's cheaper).
VEGETABLE LUMPIA-nice and big, however greasy and lacked flavor.
PORK SIOPAO- all dough and not much filling.  

You can tell where they skimped on quality and lack of taste.   

I will try one more time and maybe different dish.  - then I'll just add an addendum to my review.
The ladies at Fiesta Filipina were very patient with me. As I pointed to something they described what it was. 
I was very pleased with my selections. 

I have had Pancit and Lumpia, so I was able to try something new. 
I'm sorry but I don't know the names of the dishes, but I will do my best to try and explain what I got. 
I got something like beef stew, w/ rice that was very good, along with some pork with gravy w/ rice, this was a little salty, but it was still good. 

The lumpia was OK, and I loved the pancit. 

I also got the fried banana's wasn't my cup of tea, I liked it without the bananas 

I thought for all the food I got it was very reasonable!
I LOVE FIESTA FILIPINA. me and my plus 1, went 3 days in 1 week once! i they're setup is buffet line and you pick and choose your selections. each menu item may be a different price, but they also have combination plates. had different selections every time i went and thats what fun about this place, every time you come try something different! pork bbq sticks are juicer and have more flavor than chicken bbq sticks. rice of course and sinagang (soup) they make it just like how my grandma use to make it! the soup itself is complimentary so ask for just the broth and soak your rice! the other times, we ordered fried fish and he ordered fried pork.. i'm not a fan of fried pork but fried fish with the soy sauce/ lemon tasted so good! their palabok (white noodle, orange sauce) i was very disappointed in. dry and not enough flavor, there wasn't chicaron (pork grinds) to add on top of the dish, which usually gives the noodle dish a crunch. some must have: sinagang, pancit (dried noodles), and turon (jackfruit and banana glazed eggroll) =) it's great that they open this location in henderson. my parents are pleased that this cuisine is bringing out the filipino in me!
What a wonderful surprise.  This is my first time trying Filipino food.  If you like Chinese, Indian, Thai, and Spanish food you'd love Filipino food as much as I did.
The decor, the servers, the cook, even the clients seemed to be very Filipino.  
I Tried the Lumpiang Shanghai (similar to spring rolls), Beef Caldereta (super soft beef in tomato sour stew), and Sinigang na Baboy ( lime based soup with super soft chunks of pork)
 I'm definitely coming back...
Glad they opened this location so that I don't have to drive all the way up to the one on Jones and Desert Inn!

The food was fresh. Ordered a juicy tasting pork skewer, pancit canton, and beef steak. I was skeptical and picky about trying the vegetable lumpia because my mom's is my favorite but this one was also good as well. Will come here the next time I need my filipino food fix!
Fiesta Filipina is another good Filipino restaurant gone bad.  I was in love with this place when it first opened!  Everything about this restaurant was legit, from the theme, food and decor. Not baduy, or bakya at all, looking classy with all the Filipino paintings/decor. After more trips, and a few months later it went down the same horrible path as other Filipino restaurants.  Shit service and a shittier smell. 

The service is always good, unless you get the female worker.   Beware of the female worker!!!  Trust, she is not hard to spot.  She's the cashier queen.

-Tore up from the floor up
-Caked up face thicker than the earths crust.
-The most vibrant, electric, blinding eyeshadow. 

Whenever she takes our order, or rings us up she always rushes.  Rushing leads to confusion, confusion leads to pissed off customers and bad reviews.  She kept on saying "extra charge for credit,  so i give turon .50 cents, .50 cents!!" In her mind that means, I'll say the charge is .50 cents, but its really a few bucks, and I wont give you any turon- ___-
  

I felt raped, robbed and broke after leaving the restaurant.  The food was shit too. 

-Barbecue is good. But  DONT use the same brush you use to baste raw meat, to baste the cooked ones too :) Big mistake and health hazard. 

-Carioka was hard, tough to chew and over priced.

-Ukoy was (excuse my language) the worst fucking shit ever. Honestly, do yourselves a favor and never make it again.  Paste is what it is, thick pasty batter that was slightly fried.

-Puto was pasty, and a few were rotten, before the sell by or expire date.

I guess if you need a Filipino food fix, come to this place early, and stick to simple dishes.
These guys are also fast and excellent when I order takeout food. Their lumpia shanghai platter is not only cheaper than at Goldilock's but is also cheaper.
I must say I've never given a 1 star rating to any business until now, but I just had to this time for this restaurant. We went there on Sunday July 17, 2011. The food was actually pretty good, we ordered the pork and chicken barbecue, mongo, pork adobo, halo halo, lechon, and a few other dishes. 

I was with a group of 6 people, and after we ate here 5 out of 6 of us got sick from the food. Diarrhea, Fever, Chills, and puking. I rarely get food poisoning from restaurants, so something must of been seriously wrong with their cleanliness. We also noticed that most of the food we ordered was cold, (except for the rice) we think that was the reason we got food poisoning. It's highly possible that the cold food had some sort of parasites causing us to get ill. Luckily my pregnant wife was the only one who did not get sick, even our 1 year old niece got sick, so NOT worth it.

I will NEVER go back to this place. Fiesta Filipina Cuisine, please heat your food properly otherwise you are a health hazard.
Ok so my hubby decided to eat out for dinner tonight as the food he was cooking would not be ready for quite some time and we were both hungry.  Since our last visit to a filipino restaurant was lacking the flavors he is used to he wanted to go to Fiesta for a redemption on the steak and onions that he last had at another filipino restaurant.  The following is what we ordered:

Steak and Onions: The steak was thinly cut and tender while the onions  freshly laid on top.  Some of the onions had been marinating in the sauce so it was a tad soggy.  The sauce was just right and exactly how he liked it.

Lechon: small a la carte is enough to feed two people so it was a good sized portion for both of us.  Some pieces were a little too well done as it had a burnt taste.

Pork Adobo:  Now this was one oily, greasy dish!  The server put so much oil with the pork that looking at it made me nauseas.

Beef Calderetta (sp?): This is always my favorite and tonight was no different.  The beef was tender and fell apart to the touch.  The potatoes, carrots and red bell peppers were also just right as they hadn't been sitting there for too long.

Turon: overly sweet.  Seemed like it had been soaking in sugar and then fried.  The wrapper was covered in carmelized sugar.  I've had turon before and a good turon does NOT need to be drenched in sugar...my 4 year old liked it...maybe because he thought it was candy.

Overall our experience here is average.  The service is so so.  Wish they would give more rice as it seems their scoop is extra small...and you know you need rice with every filipino dish!  Will definitey be going back there again.
Food: The typical stews and stir-fry's are good, but I have to recommend the Barbecue. You can see them grill it behind the counter. The meat is tender, and the BBQ sauce is really good.

Service: Cafeteria style. Don't expect much.

Ambience: Typical Filipino fast-food asthetic: tacky.
Been there two times. First time was the bomb, younger guy heck of nice.  2nd time not so great younger gal kind of rude. Food is great but need to work on customer service. :(
Zero stars and 2 thumbs down. Talk about poor customer service.  I entered this restaurant and no warm greeting or welcome. The flies fled on the food as well as in the vicinity of the entire restaurant  as if it was a breeding ground for this insects I nearly gagged. A friend recommended this fast food filipino restaurant to my family and I, so I  decided to give it a try. The workers behind the counter a buff young gentleman took our order quick to response to any questions I had to ask about the food selections and dishes as if I was a bother and inconvenience.No smiles but big frown is all my family and I were given. It was time to pay and a younger thin Asian younger lady at the cashier displayed  the same poor customer skills. I think she got a little irritated as we asked her our drink options and our orders was mixed up with another order that was charged by error.When we got our food and sat the flies travelled in numbers as we lost our appetite and took the food to go.  I will not be returning to this restaurant anytime soon. Thanks for the poor customer service skills I hope you take the time to train your family employees the true meaning of Customer Service.
I was such a fan of the restaurant on Jones and used to go there everyday for lunch. My office moved and it became out of the way, that's why I was so excited once they opened this one on Rose Parkway. Everything from the Lumpia to the Halo-Halo is amazing. I love pretty much all the items on the menu so it's difficult to choose each time I go. I get the Barbecue A LOT! So Good!! We threw a retirement party there for my co-worker last month, the staff was so accommodating and made sure everything was perfect. They treat you like family if you've been there once or a hundred times. If you are looking for authentic Filipino food and fantastic service, look no further, this is the place.
food here is pretty good. Have to go with someone that knows there Filipino food or you wont know what your getting. Small place all homemade and fresh. Items on the menu that they carry are the fast moving items. You can sit inside and eat as well as take out. 


we dined in and saw the place fill up twice, like line out the door. Not that many people dined in that night we were there. 


I would go back just for the BBQ Pork and Adobo. very good.
Crisy Pata FTW!!!! We always have to order a large for the table or for home along with whatever combos we get.  Its a must try.  Dip with the soy sause that they provide or the lechon sauce.
Ewie Ewie Ewieeee PASS ! Service was friendly though .
Great place to eat. Its very clean, some filipino restraunts are dirty. The food is off the chain!!!!
I'm from Cali here on vacay, heard about this place from some friends who live out here. Jon greeted us the second we walked thru the door and the staff was very quick, professional, and happy! The food was hands-down one of the best I've had in a long time and the place was cute and clean. The BBQ chicken, taro leaves, cantelope juice, and halo halo were my favs!!! One of the employees even stopped by our table to ask how our food was and if we needed anything. I will def b stopping by here every time I'm in town!!! Def a must GO!
Filipino food super close to my house in Henderson... shooooooot.

i even took my boy from manilla here, and we went nuts on some pretty good pinoy grub.

the GRUB:
- chicken adobo... salty, soury, peppery chicken stew... a good version of a very philippine food staple... mix the sauce in your rice with a little patis for the real deal.
- chicken bbq stick... red like tocino or char siu sauce, sweet and charred over fire... very tasty
- they dont have Sisig on the line up ever (because you have to order it in advanced only) but they do have lechon kawali - fried pork belly - which is pretty dang awesome with hot white rice and mang thomas sauce
- lumpia (shanghai) was standard fare - dip in the spicy jufran for a kick
- my friend ordered chicharon bulaklak and mung-go beans... and said it reminded him so much of home... it was that good
- HIGHLIGHT: CRISPY PATA !!! nothing like the picture on the wall... made to order (done in like 5 mins) - but a deliciously deep fried pig hip with crispy chicharon skin, soft roasted-like pork meat on the inside, and on the bone w tendon attatched for extra eats - so much flavor... it is accompanied with a house dipping sauce of soy sauce, vinegar, garlic and hot chilis... so awesome.
- turon (banana fritter), babinka especial (rice cake with cream cheese), leche flan (caramel custard), halo halo (filipino shaved ice and ice cream sundae), and calimansi or ube or mango shake... all yummy choices for dessert
- they have canned soda only (booooooo!!!) - but at least they have sarsi soda... or the fresh cantaloupe juice drink.

the JOINT:
- best comment from my manilla friend: "ferds, this might be the cleanest pilipino restaurant ive been to here in the states... actually, anywhere for that matter."
- plenty of seating, plenty of light
- very filipino decor... including a small seating section that looks like a backyard (barrio) fiesta / straw islander hut / hawaiian lanai
- there should be alot of available parking in the strip mall
- 3 46" LCDs - usually showing TFC, but i have seen sports on too - like the NFL playoffs (49ers) or NBA games (Lakers)

the SQUEEZE:
- about $9 for the combo and the drink
- $14 for the crispy pata - but i think it feeds a family of 4 - ha!
- everyone if very helpful and friendly
- cash and card is accepted

FINAL SAY:
for Henderson, especially right off of Eastern and St Rose Pkway... this is a great find... and probably a good place to meet single pinay nurses on lunch break from the Hospital across the street. ha!
Next best thing to homemade
Ahhh-haaaaa. A Filipino restaurant, actually, close to me! 
So close that I've eaten here for lunch 4 days in a row. 

I always seem to come here right before noon; and because of that I always catch them in the makings of my favorite item there: BBQ PORK BELLY!!!!!!!!!! 
Mmmmm, just thinking about it makes my mouth water.
Because I come here as they're making it, they always seem to remember me. I guess have my cute nephew with me is, also, hard to forget.

This spot, also, had thee best crispy pata. Crispy Pork! I just love the sauce they have with it, too. It's a vinegar, soy sauce, chili goodness that I love to dip anything into.

Took my mom here 3/4 times and another friend the last time.
My mom now requires me to take her here when I'm off. 
My nephew LOVES their cantaloupe juice. And my haole friend loves it, too.

Excited to live closer to this spot. Although, I'm sure I'll have to buy bigger sized jeans because of it.
My co-workers and I went here for lunch today. I have read mixed reviews on yelp so wanted to try this place for myself. The food is pretty good. I had the fried tilapia which is a pretty good sized fish and the pork adobo. I also tried the BBQ chicken on a stick. It was good. And the Pancit Palabok was good too but it took them 30 minutes to get that out to the table.  The decor of the restaurant was ok. The only drawback of the restaurant which will keep me from going back is the service. The cashier was stone faced and rude and the people serving the food was rude as well. They really need to brush up on their customer service skills.
We use to like this place which maybe masked the poor customer service until it became apparent that they have none. We went there for the last time and we will NEVER go back. They act like their $h!t don't stink. I absolutely HATE stuck up people behind the counter thinking like we owe them something or they are too good to be serving us.  WTF we are not just paying for the food but the overall experience and you guys/gals need to learn how to have decent customer service. Too bad. Good luck and peace out!
I was not planning on coming back to this restaurant but a Filipino friend of  mine was in town and she wanted to try it. The food was good, as it was the last time I was there, the service was even better. The stone faced cashier was not there. It was nice friendly guy this time and it made the experience a lot better. The people dishing out the food seemed nice this time around too.
I normally do not like going to filipino restaurants because I've been to many and it just isn't like home cooked food.  

I decided to go to Fiesta Filipina because it's just a block away from my work and I had to have that filipino food fix.

OMG, this is the first time I had filipino food that tasted like it was home cooked.  I loved it!  The sinigang was awesome!  The BBQ Pork was to die for!  The pork adobo was yummy!

I loved it!  The only problem I have is it's too close to my work and I now I'm going to be craving filipino food more often.

Gotta try it!
Food is absolutely delicious and prices are reasonable! I definitely like coming here for my Filipino food fix..
Today was the first time I've visited Fiesta Filipina.  A friend at work suggested we try this place for lunch and being that I'm Filipino, I thought, well why not?!

When we got here, I noticed that there was a huge spread of food behind the counter.  Reminded me of some Panda Express, Filipino style.  I saw a lot of my favorites, like Pinakbet (most common pork "stew" with fish sauce and veggies such as bitter melon, eggplant, okra, tomatoes, etc.), Sari Sari (what I'm used to is similar to pinakbet without the bitter melon and add small dried shrimp), Dinaguan (blood sausage) and Adobo (today's choice was chicken).  They offer a  2 choice combo with rice for around $6-$7.  Here's what I got:

Choice 1:  Lechon- Crispy fried pork chunks.  To me, food is better when there's more marbleization.  In this case, lechon is PACKED with fat.  I think it's a great thing, but if you're not used to it, might be a turn off.  The lechon has a very crispy skin with lots of fat, topped off with tender pork meat.  They serve this choice with a sweet lechon dipping sauce which ties the meal very nicely together :)

Choice 2: BBQ Pork skewers.  Sliced pork, kabob style, grilled and drenched in a red, sweet BBQ type sauce.  This was great choice because of the BBQ/Grill combination.  They have a chicken skewer if you choose that route.  

AMBIANCE:  The place is packed with food.  Food everywhere.  Desserts, snacks, business cards.  Everywhere you look there's something new.  A little busy in my opinion, but something I expect from my heritage LOL.  There's a back part of the restaurant that looks like a very cheesy bamboo hut with the words, "mabuhay!"  Must we be so cliche?! LOL.

For the price and the amount of food you get, it's definitely worth it.  I haven't even begun to crack the surface on the amount of the choices they offer.  I will definitely be back to sample more delicious entrees.
cleanest!
Nice and decent food. Big portion and affordable!!!
This was my first experience eating Filipino food.  I found the staff to be very helpful and were happy to describe various dishes to me.  The food ended up being delicious and was very reasonably priced.  I will go back soon.
This place is an amazing place to get your Filipino fix.  They have great kari kari, and caldereta.  The huge heaps of rice are appreciated but certainly not necessary.  They also have a small selection of baked goods at the front.  I personally do not care for this brand of pandesal but the kutsinta was pretty good.

If you like filipino food, or are just looking for something different try this place.  They are super friendly, and will explain what each dish is
Not really my fav place to go but it is decent. My taste in Filipino food is different whenever i eat here. Other filipino restaurants style of cooking their food appeals more to me.
Great lumpia. Not so great service. Maybe it's because I don't speak tigalig.
Crispy pata a must in this place! if you have party they can cater to your needs.
Fiesta Filipina is a great restaurant to try filipino food.. When I am here i usually order the BBQ pork with rice for only $5.95 and i usually get a side Lumpia Shanghai for like an extra 4.95.. If you dont like those they have all kinds of filipino dishses form veggies to pork, beef, to longanisa.. I really love this place cause its a quick in and out place and love how its located near my house. This place is located across St. Rose Hospital on the corner of St. Rose parkway and Eastern..  Try now if your interested in tryinging filipino food!
This place is quite aways from the Strip but it was well worth the drive. Food was very good but a couple dishes were not to our liking, that is the reason for four star rating. 
     The service was very friendly and helpful. Restaurant was very clean, especially when compared to other Filipino restaurants I have been to.. 
BBQ chicken kabobs were the best as well as Lentil beans.
I only put 1 stars because the server was so rude. He was in a hurry to go somewhere I suppose? I arrived around 2pm. I ordered pork and chicken bbq sticks. NOT enough flavor, and they were COLD. Which mean the warmers that they are using are not hot enough to keep the food at the correct temperature. I was going to purchase some sweet bread, but they looked old and the bread was already hard. So why sell something that's old? I would be so embarrass if I was the owner of this restaurant. You represent Filipino cuisine in Henderson...take pride in your business. Perhaps then more then 4 people will be eating in your restaurant and you wouldn't have so much leftovers to reheat and serve again....Needless to say, I will NOT be back, nor would dare take a friend or family member here to eat. Save your money and go somewhere else.
Good stuff nuff said. I never leave this place with out a happy belly. =)
This is good FIlipino food.  Friendly, louder atmosphere - two competing tv stations on four screens.  
It is your typical turo-turo style filipino restaurant.  2 scoops of rice and 2 dishes.  Fiesta lacks a little consistency, but when it is good - the Mungo is really good, the BBQ and the caldereta.
They had a case of mango yesterday that had more wrinkles than old elephants arse.  Skip the bakery goods and produce - they do not understand fresh rotations.  Keep them FRESH!
This is the place I go for pinoy food....i have tried several places and this place is always clean and the staff is always helpful. I go here at least 5 times a month and we always cater for our parties. Everyone so far that we take here loves the food.
This is a great place for filipino food. The prices are fair and they are always busy at lunch. I have always come at odd times so I avoid the line as much as possible. I come here for the BBQ chicken kabobs and lumpia. They are really to die for. My whole family consumes them like candy. The only problem I ever have is that there are no signs indicating what each vat of meat and sauce could be. For a non-asian like myself, its be hard to know what these dishes are just by sight. Unfortunately when you ask and are told what it is, I still don't know what it is. 

Regardless, this place is my top filipino food find and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal.
Fiesta Filipina is a hidden gem in Henderson. It just happened that we decided to spend a couple of nights here before we check in to an extended stay hotel in Las Vegas during our recent move from TX. So my mom was craving some good Filipino food near the end of our road trip. Fiesta Filipina was the closest to the hotel so there we went. 

The place was a decent size if you compare it to a typical "turo-turo" restaurant. Plenty of chairs and a couple of TVs were seen airing local Philippine news and soap operas. Nice inviting traditional decor. Plenty of parking as well. The staff behind the counter greeted us with warm smiles and asked us what we want in rapid fire Tagalog. I can understand why non-Filipinos can be a bit intimidated upon entering the premises. There was a Caucasian couple behind us who couldn't decide what they want right away, and the staff quickly shifted gears to explain the dishes as best as they can. 

(On that note: I can't understand why they don't provide a sign next to the dish so it'll save them the time and trouble explaining things to those who are unfamiliar with Filipino food? I've lived in California for nearly 8 years and nobody ever does this! A simple index card with basic ingredients can be a quick solution)

Let's move on to the food.
Crispy pata (roasted pig) - flavorful, crispy, delicious.This is a good dish to share with a group of people. 
Pansit (rice stick noodles w/ pork belly strips, veggies, and shrimp) - good flavor, the veggies were not soggy and just enough saltiness
Dinuguan (pork blood stew) - I don't eat this but my husband had rave reviews.
Pork/Chicken BBQ skewers - great flavor w/ good amount of meat on the sticks
Lumpia (fried pork spring rolls) - decent, only because my husband makes the best homemade lumpias :-)
Sinigang (tamarind soup) - above average; sour enough with generous servings of (your choice of fish or meat here)
Ginisang Munggo (sauteed mung beans w/ pork belly & other veggies) - yummy!
Kare-kare (oxtail soup w/ peanut sauce) - very good

The prices are more than fair. We recently brought our aunt and her friends here visiting from Maryland and for a group of 10 people you can expect to pay $120 including drinks with plenty of leftovers to take home. If you liked the soups, you can always ask them for a complimentary second serving (without the meat) just like we do in the Philippines ("Kuya, pahingi pa po ng sabaw!"). I thought the overall ambiance was excellent, and they checked in on us once or twice to see how everything was. There is also a pastry/bread cart by the entrance where you can try various sweets such as pastillas (sweet milk candies), polvoron, mamon (french sponge cake) and yema. 

If someone would ask me where to go for a taste of good Filipino cuisine, I would not hesitate one bit to point them to Fiesta Filipina. It is the next best thing to home cooked Filipino meals.
Heard about this place for a long time so I checked it out today for lunch! 

Walked in, clean and nice... You order from a buffet line. Not knowing Filapina food, its a bit difficult to look and order. 

So I ordered what looked familiar, BBQ and pancit (stir fry noodle) 
I also order a fried patty that had bean sprouts, carrots and a shrimp in the middle. Not sure of the name, but I am always open to trying new things. 

The BBQ pork was tasty along with the noodles. The fried patty was cold, and chewy. They did offer a vinegar sauce which was good on it. 

The staff was very friendly. I look forward to going back again and trying something else.
The Longinisa is my favorite the quantity is a lot I couldn't finish my plate and the service is very fast as all the food is ready to go, but It is a little greasy
Been to this place a few times over the last 2 years and it was pretty decent up until recently when I ordered the Beef Caldereta and the meat was spoiled.. And the wife got the bisteak that also tasted old and spoiled.. Very disappointed.
Decided to give this place another shot and the food seems to have gotten better.. Maybe they just got a bad shipment of beef that day.. Check your supplier guys..
Today was the second time me & my husband came here to eat. We will never come back here again! The older employees are RUDE! They don't even acknowledge you. They leave you hanging there as if its such a hassle to serve you. Their food is not even great! It's so oily and no taste and expensive! Thank goodness Nanay Gloria's just opened a block away from this place.
Great filipino food. Their krispy pata is definitely the best in town. Everything else i've ever had has been top quality.
When I'm homesick or been longing for some FIlipino food, I typically visit Fiesta Filipina as its just about a 5 minute drive for me. It's a nice spacious turo-turo style restaurant, playing TFC or some filipino channel. Fairly soild spot considering Las Vegas isn't necessarily a hub for awesome Filipino food (go to LA or the Bay Area for that). However if you're in the area its worth going to if you've been havin' a hankering for the cuisine. 3.5 stars rounding up.
Another great place to get filipino food in Henderson. Food is very good and the place is nice and clean. A great alternative if you're not feeling like having a buffet (from the other filipino restaurant down the street). Prices are fair and staff is friendly. But the dish to get here is the CRISPY PATA! (Deep Fried Pork Hock--it may sound unappetizing, but don't knock it until you try it) If you need to get your pata fix, this is the place.
I've been going here for the past year and I absolutely LOVE this place for my beefsteak fix....yeah i know it's not spelled that way, but that's how i say it and that's how i'm gonna spell it! lol.
I've tried other items, but nothing has come close to what I'm used to with my mom's cooking, so I stick to the best of the best of their items - the beefsteak. Thinly sliced meat with onions in the oh-so tasty lemon/soy sauce concoction. 
Everytime we go here, this is all i ever order - that is until I saw a sign for a new item they have - lechon manok.  mmmmm.....ok, this is a must try for me - along with the crispy pata which i've been lagging on trying.
So, I could be wrong, maybe one of these items will move up to take the reign!
Cute restaurant - love the little hut decor that separates their dining area.
Was just there yesterday and going back today after work to pick up one of them rotisserie chickens (lechon manok).
Not sure if there is new management, but kudos to Fiesta Filipina for responding to sub-par reviews and attempting to provide better customer satisfaction - nice touch, because even though you might not know it, yelp customers do check to see if restaurants do acknowledge or even make changes to address issues that are brought up and looks like Fiesta Filipina is doing just that!

Keep up the good work...


6/29 - just wanted to update that we tried the lechon manok and it's an easy pass.  Costco and Wal-Mart have way better rotisserie chicken.  Still a great place though.
Best bbq pork stick in town!!   Tried it at many location but nothing come even close to fiesta. The bbq pork is pack with flavor and very tender. Whenever we throw a party at the house we usually order a tray of 50 sticks, that's how good they are. 

    I love the way fiesta look on the inside, nicely decorated make you feel like your in phillipines. Fiesta has 2 location, both places serve good food but I prefer the one down south on ST. ROSE, its alot closer to the house. Overall good filipino food with ok service.
2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #8

We found ourselves at Fiesta Filipina for our 8th Halo-Halo taste test.  I can't believe that we just started this challenge last week and we are now only 2 contenders away from completing this challenge.  

Terri and I met up with Ian A for this challenge.  We had some eats, but our primary reason for this stop was obvious...how is their Halo-Halo? Fiesta Filipina has a regular Halo-Halo for $3.99 and their special for $4.99.  The only difference between the two is ube ice cream.  Since we are maximizing our craving, we decided on the special of course. 

So, what's in this special Halo-Halo.  You get ube ice cream (two scoops), condensed milk, shave ice, nata de coco, macapuno, pinipig, azuki (red beans), white beans, and some legit ube.  This is our only 2nd stop that had real ube in it.  What's missing is the flan and lanka.  After mixing my Mix-Mix and sampling it, I already knew that Fiesta's Halo-Halo is ranking up there in my book.  The ice was just right, taste superb, and the mix was almost perfect.  I stress almost perfect because flan was the one missing ingredient that I was looking for.  By the way, you can order flan on the side (about $5) and add to it if flan is a must have in your Halo-Halo.

On a side note, I did have some food here too.  The ambiance of this restaurant reminds me of the Flip joints in SF, SoCal, and Daygo.  I loved it and felt at home.  But I wasn't too impressed with the food.  The food is cheap and for $5.29 you can get two Chicken BBQ Sticks with rice. Sounded and looked appealing, but I'm no fan of rubbery chicken. 

Overall, I am a fan of their Halo-Halo and see myself coming back just that. Food...well, that's a different story.

PS:  One thing I learned during this quest for our favorite Halo-Halo in the valley is that real spoons (not the flimsy plastic ones) are ideal when mixing your Halo-Halo. These plastic spoons work like catapults when you're mixing your Halo-Halo. Last thing I want is an ube shot in the face.  Stay hungry, my friends.  

2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:
Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74Qw
Contender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:self
Contender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQ
Contender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:self
Contender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXw
Contender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDg
Contender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WA
I had my daughter's 1st birthday party catered by Fiesta Filipina.  I've had some bad Filipino food in Las Vegas so I almost gave up on the idea, but I wanted to incorporate my culture into her birthday.  A friend recommended this place, so I gave it a shot.

It was soooooooooooooo delicious!  Being half Filipina myself, I grew up on this food.  But, a lot of my friends in Las Vegas are multi-cultural (most are not Filipino), so I ordered what I thought more "white" people would enjoy.

Lumpia
BBQ pork skewers
BBQ chicken skewers
Pancit
Chop suey (in case there were any vegetarians)
Lechon (my favorite indulgence)

Everything was outstanding!  Even the guests were raving about it and asking where I got it.  Definitely will go back for a regular meal.  It's a drive for me, but worth it!
Good combo dishes... Excellent fried pata!!! Super yummy!!
Yelp 100 Challenge * 94/100

Cantaloupe juice. 

Can you say thirst quencher?

I've been to other location before for when our Filipino food cravings kicked in but have to admit I like this one better. It just seemed brighter and more authentic. The colors and decos gave the buffet-style restaurant a more festive atmosphere. 

My friend and I didn't get a chance to stay too long. We were in a hurry to get to a dry cleaning place and get some clothes so we basically had our orders in - 2 cantaloupe juices! - and made a run for it. The drink felt like summer in my mouth with a touch of sugar to compliment the natural fruit flavors. 

Just so you know, this was hand made and it was not the only option. There was also calamansi and lychee juices! Guyabano and buco (coconut) were packaged in a drink box so I'd assume they're sweeter with added artificial flavors. 

Couldn't forget how great the place smelt as we walked out to the door! Hoping to come back for a real meal one day!
They have the best Bangus Sisig I've ever had!!! Truly the BEST Filipino restaurant in Las Vegas and Henderson!!!!  I tried a lot  of other places for the past 6 years I've been here and this is our favorite Filipino restaurant. Worth the drive if you want quality Filipino food, reasonable price, clean, and great ambience.  Friendly staff too!
Enjoyed it even more on our second trip! Think it will be among our go-to bookmarked spots! The two item combo with rice is only $5.99 and is plenty for one... We each get one with different items and share. Love the BBQ pork!!
I was more than excited when I heard there's a location near hm that serves pata. I've been in search for a place that serves pata and couldn't wait to try it out. 

I came in on a Monday and was surprised they're busy for being a weekday before lunch hour. I ordered a pata which was $17.99 and a few vegetable items. The food was kept in a warmer similar to fast food joints. I added rice for an additional fee. It's served fast food style. The employees here needs to be more helpful since I don't speak their language. I feel like I'm treated with less respect than their people. The employees here are extra nice to the philipino's that walk through the door and I get the stare.

The food came out cold and the pata wasn't hot to order as claimed. Seemed like they went in back to the kitchen to bring out an order of pata that was cooked earlier and re heated. I was disappointed cause my pata was flavor less, cold, and greasy. 

It took me 15 minutes to wave the employees down to get a togo box. Another 5 minutes to get it. 15minutes to get my desert which was another disappointment.   I paid $5 for a cup of halo halo. A cup of 90% ice and 10% mixed crap to be exact. I wonder if giving this place 3 stars is being over generous.
I've gone a few times craving something like KARE KARE or pata etc.... Always reheated, or not available you get the "stare" and the prices for each thing sucks! I give it two stars because at least they tried to establish something decent but fail to follow through with quality product.
Past 2 times I've come to this place around 10am in the morning they stopped serving eggs with the silog dishes...WTF!!!! McDonald's stops a 11am!!!

Yet...their food counter had all the silogs and garlic fried rice...that's just BLASPHEMY!!! You lost paying customers twice already for this reason.

If you fix this situation, please let me know. I'm Filipino and I love my Filipino Food...but that is just wrong.
Its not the best, but it's the closest. Two things that are consistent are the bbq skewers and crispy pata. Everything is either oily, too salty or rice is soggy.
Filipino food always sounds good to me and I don't always feel up to cook. My bf chose this place nearby, I was hesitant.  Lots of people in and out. This was a good sign. Walking in I was reminded of back home with family, comfortable smell of Filipino food. It was pretty busy. You line up and choose the items you'd like before you pay and take your food to sit down and eat. I wanted a little bit of everything.  I chose Fried Bangus (milkfish) around $11. I had that with rice and a small order of lumpia shanghai (7 pieces). They have a table with all of the necessary condiments available from banana ketchup, vinegar, fish sauce to name a few. Everything I needed was there. Overall the food was average, but satisfying.  The lumpia wasn't really crispy.  I drank calamansi juice just because it isn't something I have everyday.  It was good, a little sweet.  My boyfriend and I felt comfortable and cozy watching The Filipino Channel playing on one of their many tvs. Luckily there was English subtitles (why didn't I use subtitles as a kid?). This was great because I am Americanized and my boyfriend is Vietnamese so we both needed the translation.  We enjoyed the drama that was playing on TV.  Before leaving we ordered halo halo.  It was wonderful!   The ube(taro) ice cream, the wafer it was a good finish to my meal.  Would come back.
Service could be better.  One of the food servers  wiped his nose with his hands and proceeded to serve food to customers.  Gross!
  The food looks like it sits all day.  Better to eat there in the morning, when its fresh. 
The bbq is soaked in a sauce that is quite disgusting.  They think it keeps the meat moist, what keeps the meat moist is to not burn the meat and dry it out.  I ordered bbq today and it was burned, dry and full of carcinogens.
My total was under $6.40 and they charge a $.50 fee for debit purchases under $10.  Which is fine, but the lady charged me $7.00. Is it really that difficult to punch in $6.90?  Wow, nickel and diming people.  It sucks this is the only Filipino restaurant on this side of town.  
I am Americanized and if you don't respond in Tagalog they tend to give you an unpleasant attitude.  I hate that, I don't control where I was born or raised.  Get over it.  #hater
Nice people, small but dining area was clean. There are some cooked to order items but it's mainly food served up from heating trays, not sure how long it's been sitting out  either.  

Got 3 items off the buffet sat down to eat, took a bite of pancit and it tasted a little off like noodles were spoiled, it smelled that way too. Ended up  throwing away my meal and walking out . I don't think I'll  be back..eww no.
Went here twice during my most recent Vegas trip. The staff is friendly and the place is very clean. The atmosphere is great - I love the decor. 

I've noticed some reviewers saying that the food probably isn't fresh. In my two visits, I arrived in the morning for breakfast so I can't say anything about the freshness of the food throughout the day. The food was definitely good and fresh when I was there. I had pansit, garlic fried rice, longanisa, adobo, barbecue, a coconut pork dish (ugh! I'm sorry I don't know the name right now), and some fish. So unhealthy (not something Filipino food is known for so whatever!), but so yummy. Oh! And I cannot forget the delicious melon juice which is packed with melon.

There is also some self-service water and coffee. Coffee was good, but the water tasted off to me. This wasn't the only time in Vegas I tasted 'meh' water (the other times were at buffets at the Strip)..
Took em down a star for their rude azz f*ck pushy attitudes behind the counter. I told you already, I don't want them old azz lumpias that been sitting there all day! Sheesh.

Since Kucina Ni Lorraine Express opened up on Bermuda I've been taking my azz there instead lately.
Fast filipino food. Lately been getting soggy rice. Uhg. Food is ok not the most amazing but its difficult to replicate home cooked filipino food.
When this location first opened, this was the place to go for Filipino food in the area. The food always looked fresh and appetizing.  I've been here twice in the last month and the food looked like it was leftovers that have been reheated way too many times. Not sure how this could possibly pass any health inspection.  This used to be my go-to place for fast Filipino take out. Not anymore. A few other places have popped up in the area, and although they might be a bit pricier, I'm fine as long as the quality of the food is better.
READ THIS-Food is tasty but do take out.

 *Key to happiness when eating here. 

Cook rice before you leave the house, their rice is soggy.
Great food, friendly people and the prices are really good too.
There is nothing sadder when one has a bad experience in a food place.  The first time could be a fluke. 
But for another incident......it will be the last time I go there.
*The first time was when I chose their griled squid.  I don't remember if it was to be stuffed or not.  But when we got home- it was stuffed all right!!!!  Stuffed still with it's guts/innards and as I cut into it....it leaked out some greenish black liquid.  That was so gross and c/u the place to let 'em know.  I think they just said bring in the receipt and they will give me a refund. 
I've given them a couple chances and it was ok.  
**But now......that was the last time we will be going there.  I ordered a Taro Boba Drink but no pearls avail.  Which is ok BUT........as we were driving home...I kept smelling like this garlic scent.  Then as the ice melted in my mouth...I feel this garlic piece on my tongue.  FRICKIN' GROSS!!!!  Just to make sure I squished it between my fingers and it was FRESH GARLIC.  
Now I don't know if maybe the garlic fell in the ice or the dude (which for now remains nameless-depends on  what the manager says tomorrow when I complain since he is not there right now)  if maybe the dude just smooshed garlic before making my drink.  Regardless of any situation......it is just plain GROSS.  

I will update my review after I speak with the manager tomorrow.  
I am furious since the place is quite a drive.  

Now I gotta find another FILIPINO EATERY.
Only ate their Halo-Halo and was very satified. Plan on going back for a sit-down lunch very soon.  Actually went there last night in hopes of getting some pork sisig to eat during the Pacquioa fight. Was too late, as it was all gone.
The 5 stars is for the chicken bbq skewers.  The best ever!!!!  We order them in bulk Everytime we have guests and they all love it as much as we do.
For a very casual dining restaurant this place is good. This is not sit down,order off the menu place ( as are most Filipino restaurants in the valley), but more of you order a combo plate. 

I usually come here just to order to go. My family has eaten inside as well and we do enjoy it. The atmosphere is casual and the place is clean. 

They always have a pretty good variety of food. My husband (who isn't filipino) doesn't mind coming here at all since they always have BBQ.
Food is just ok.. It used to be good but somehow the quality of their food is not great. Service is AWFUL when managers and owners are not around. I never felt welcome here.
A new Asian/Italian fusion that recently opened.  The shrimp fried rice reminded me of my beloved chinese spots back in NYC. They also  have real egg rolls which i am so happy about. I  had to get used to spring rolls when we relocated.  The menu is small but the main chinese/italian dishes,  china pasta:sausage, chicken with tomato based pasta;  Ying yang shrimp: 2 different flavored shrimp with veggies  and fried rice are the best. They also give you  italian bread and a small side salad. run don't walk if you are missing east coast chinese food!!!!!
This is the best Asian cuisine food in Las Vegas, hands down. The taste is authentic. They have real Lo mien, egg rolls ( Not spring rolls), Real stir fried rice. The food has so much flavor. I am really impressed by the fusion style approach to Asian/ Italian cooking. Check it out. Its one of my Favorite places to dine at.
I really hate giving honest reviews on new mom and pop type places but, at the same time it is important to pass along the message the way you feel it does not mess with the integrity of Yelp. Hopefuly maybe will cause the business to improve the food. 
With that said I have know about this place for about a month now since I get flyers on my apartment door and mailers. I also drive by it all the the time where it is located next to a Quizno's that has opened and closed twice. So, not a good sign on proper location. So I looked at the menu and it is a fusion restaurant of Italian and Chinese?? Kinda reminds of the joke restaurant of Mexican/Irish in the movie "Best Friends Girl" mmm not a great idea.. But, I wanted to try because the price were extremely cheap!

So I came in to the restaurant and it was empty and I was not even sure if it was open until I looked in the window and saw people cooking. 
Everything on the menu is really cheap and nothing more than $6. The counter people were nice but, obviously still figuring out their job.
So here is what I ordered
1.Szechuan Angel ($5) Angel hair pasta with peanut sauce and chicken. That came with Pesto bread and Salad. Oh man.....I should have known better angel hair with peanut sauce not a good idea and it lacked a lot of flavor some weird textures with the chicken. I did not touch the salad cause I got so much food. The bread was burnt and super cold I took a couple bites and passed. The whole pasta meal was thrown away within 5 bites. 
2. General Tsao Chicken wings ($3) you get 6 of them. Well these were a little better but not much. I ate 3 of the 6 , the sauce was bit different than I have had before and it had strange flavor that I think came from the actual chicken wing that I think might be from the oil that had a gasoline type flavor.It is was very small but not good.

3. Pepperoni Sausage egg roll ($1) This was something that was a lot better except it was super cold and I had to warm up at home. ( I dont think think this place has anyway of keeping things warm when they makes things one at time)  But, anything in a egg roll wrap would be good but this was pretty decent and a good price.

4. Firecracker Egg roll ($1) Probably my favorite item here and the funny thing I think this is more Mexi/ Chinese fusion than anything. It is an egg roll with Grilled chicken, Jalapenos and Cheese. This is very good and I should of got $12 of these and the price is very good

5. The last thing I ordered was the Egg roll Canoli ($1) This was also very good. Just a basic canoli cream with chocolate chips piped into a formed egg roll shell. I really liked this and also a great price.

Overall I paid $12.97 with tax so pretty cheap for that much food except I threw away more than half.  I would come back for the Egg rolls and deserts and I think they are on the money with those. They just might need to get a heat lamp.
The fusion pasta needs to go and maybe they should focus on Chinese and have proper noodles to match the dishes. Obviously Vegas is flooded with chinese restaurants but this part of town is not. I will probably try them again just cause the prices are so good and the fried stuff is strong. But, I will stay away from the pasta dishes for sure.
I had the pasta china and a pepperoni and sausage egg roll which cost $5.41.  It a great value and the food was good,  I will go back as I would like to try everything on the menu.  If you want a 5 star dining experience this is not the place to go, if you good food for a great price then I highly recommend.
Interesting, new idea with the Italian/Chinese fusion. The flavors sometimes don't mix together that well though. I liked the location. It was kinda cute and very clean. The staff was very friendly. You get a lot of food for how cheap it is. I had the Szechuan Angel chicken with peanut butter, it came with a side of salad and basil pesto bread. I liked the fact that it had something healthy to the side compared to all the other restaurants. And all I could say about the taste was INTERESTING. I don't know, maybe I will go again and try somehting else on the menu. Until then, I think 3 stars describes it good.
It's cheap...VERY cheap so thats why I can see people loving this place.
MAJOR  downer was they had NO high chairs...my one year old was stuck trying to sit in a booth (wasn't happening). The owners were super nice and the service was great but the food was what you pay for. It wasn't bad it wasn't great by any means but I love mom and pop places and I will be back to give it another shot...just not with my kids.
There are two reasons I bumped Pasta China from a 2 to a 3: cheap, and an attempt to provide some sort of healthy meal.  Will I return?  I'm not sure.  The food just wasn't all that great.  However, for the price (or any price), you can't really find healthy food anywhere.  Now, I am not a health nut, but I can appreciate the owner's philosophy of providing a well balanced meal.

The place is nice inside.  It has a sort of Italian feel to it.  There are leather seats, along with tables and regular chairs.  The service was friendly and tentative.  They obviously have some repeat customers because the waitress knew at least two other patrons there by name.  The menu is mostly Chinese, with three Italian dishes thrown into the mix. 

I ordered the Scampi for $6!  Cheap!  It came pretty quickly, a plate full of food.  There were spaghetti noodles with a simple meat tomato sauce (probably a canned tomato sauce).  The noodles weren't quite done enough to make them perfect, but I'd rather have them that way then soggy.  Next to the spaghetti were the shrimp scampi, sauteed in olive oil, butter, and garlic.  They were just the little coiled shrimp, but were probably the tastiest portion of the meal.  The rest of the plate was covered with broccoli, which was a bit crunchy for my taste.  Squeezed in somehow was a simple lettuce with cheese and ranch dressing salad.  There was also a couple of slices of garlic bread that were quite tasty. 

Nothing was exceptional, but I dig the price and the effort made to serve something that doesn't completely cause heart attacks.  For that, these guys deserve an extra star.
My husband and I stopped for dinner tonight after several months of wondering as we drove past.  We were finally lured inside by the large window paintings advertising that all dinners were $4-6.  For $19.82, we got two appetizers, two entrees (which included a salad and 2 slices of pesto bread), two desserts and two drinks.  Everything was very good! The atmosphere, like the food, was a classy mix of Chinese and Italian.  The woman who served us was willing to make suggestions and took excellent care of us during the meal.

We had the pepperoni and sausage eggroll (delicious and only $1!), the General Tsao's chicken wings (tasty, but not as good as the eggroll), the wonton marinara (really tasty, especially where it mixed with the sesame dressing from the salad), the Szechuan angel (which my husband ordered mild and enjoyed, though he thought the noodles had sat a smidge long), and two eggroll cannoli.  We originally ordered one cannoli, but by the time I'd finished my dinner, my husband, who hates cannoli, had eaten it, so I made him get another one.  I will seriously be ordering a dozen of these for any party I have in the near future.  They are delicious!

We were, unfortunately, the only people there.  We need to stir up business or we're going to lose this excellent start up. 

One of the previous reviewers noted that there were no high chairs, but the food itself would be great for slightly older kids.
Has the pasta china lo mein dish very good flavors were balanced very well and the variety of meat was awesome.  Tried the pep/sausage egg roll not for me but the idea is great gonna create my own version of the roll. 

Gonna go back and try some other dishes.
Pasta China? As I was driving around with my family we noticed this restaurant, weird name so hey why not try it?

When we walked in it was empty and had pictures of the food they serve on the walls. The lady that owns the place approached us with the menu's and explained to us a little about each dish. I decided to be original and ordered the fried rice. The shrimp fried rice was okay needed a little bit more flavor but wasn't bad for $4, I have to say that for it being $4 they were not shady with the shrimp. The chicken and shrimp puffs for $1 is worth trying. I also tried the honey cinnamon butterfly, which was good and a $1. 

If you're in the area and on a tight budget then yes I would say try this place out. You can pretty much feed your whole family about under $20!
I really dig this place.  This is my 3rd visit and have yet to be dissappointed.  For a bit over 6 bucks, I got chicken fried rice, sausage/pepperoni eggroll and a cannoli eggroll.  There was enough food for 2 meals but it was so good I could not stop eating.   I w
ill definitely return.
The name could throw anyone off, but this place is fabulous!  It's not fancy, but it is super clean and the owners are great and cater to anything you want.  The pepperoni sausage egg rolls are now a staple in our diet :) And the cannoli are a must have! Definately a must try!!
Eat at Pasta China. 

I've come here twice now and both times the food has been amazing. The first time I got a pepperoni and cheese egg roll (think mini hot pocket) that ran me $1. I also got their signature dish called the "Pasta China" that is basically spaghetti noodle with Chinese sausage, chicken and beef all run together like a chow mein dish. The meal comes with a side salad and pesto garlic bread. 

The second time I got a szechuan dish that had angel hair pasta with szechuan beef and peanut sauce and included the two side items mentioned above. 

Both meals were awesome, and had great sized portions to match the high quality these people are putting out. 

The staff is also extremely attentive while you are eating your meal and acknowledge you when you walk in and exit.

The best part? It's cheap. Like, really cheap. The entrees range from $4-$6, the side dishes are generally $1-$2 and the drinks are $1.25 (which they come around and refill.) Or you can just get water for free. 

Both times I ordered and entree, an egg roll and a drink and the total came to about $7.48 with tax. For the amount of food you get and for the unique experience of eating at an Italian-Chinese fusion restaurant, I can't recommend Pasta China more highly. If nothing else, at least go and try it out for yourself, it's worth the trip to North Vegas.
Good people,good food, good environment
SO the first try at this eatery didn't go so well and I am SO glad to say that the second attempt was FAB!!! My family and I went the other night when we just couldn't figure out what to eat for dinner.... for less than $30 we ordered pretty much the menu (seriously).  First we had dumplings and the tempura cauliflower along with pizza egg rolls. The dumplings were average but the dipping sauce for them was great! The cauliflower was DELICIOUS and I actually wanted to order more but I knew I had to pace myself! My husband and kiddos love the egg rolls and they were hot and fresh! We had a mix of meals from The Rustica, Chicken Marsala, and the Pasta China, additionally we had a side of egg fried rice...( I told you we ordered the menu) All of the meals were SO MUCH FOOD and SUPER CHEAP not to mention SUPER yummy!!!! I think this place is exceptional especially for the value! $5 for an ENTIRE MEAL!! Plus they give military members a discount and a free drink! Can't beat this place! Not to mention the owners were super sweet and attentive! I WILL BE RETURNING SOON!
Great mom and pop place. The service couldn't have been better!  The prices are great and the food is really good. The pepperoni and sausage egg rolls are great. This will definitely be a frequent location for us.
An excellent restaurant.  My wife and I eat here at least once a week now.  It is very cheap yet still comes with very large portions.  For under twenty dollars we usually have enough leftovers for two more meals.

My one warning is because they are Italian/Asian fusion, some tastes may not be to people's liking.  Having tried all of their non-seafood dishes (allergic so can't try those) there are a few selections I didn't care for because of the taste mixtures (but my wife loved those, so it wasn't a quality issue).  So try and get a variety of dishes and don't give up if the first meal isn't exactly what you expected.

My own recommendation: pot stickers + rustica + cannolli = perfection.

The restaurant is in a weird location and, because of the lighting, can look like they are closed when they are actually open.  The major downside: I've almost completely stopped going to other restaurants in the area because Pasta China beats them on price and quality.
Pasta China immediately caught my eye the first time I drove past it.  The name tells you everything you need to know going into the place, it's a mixture of Italian and Chinese cuisines.  There a few Italian-only and Chinese-only dishes, and five fusion dishes.  All are priced between $4.00-$6.00, so no breaking the bank here.

I wanted a little kick in my meal, so I went for the Szechuan Angel: angel hair pasta with chicken tossed in a spicy peanut sauce (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/z57kLRRnYXcaIhFZnxNJCA?select=mOwNIOGbhJLhNgWX9NUVFQ).  My entree came with a side salad and two pieces of garlic bread.  The salad had an odd dressing that I couldn't quite place; some bites tasted of sesame, others of citrus or orange.  The garlic bread was good as it was also topped with pesto.

The real downside to the Szechuan Angel dish is that it wasn't spicy at all.  That was the main reason I ordered it, so that was a bummer.  The peanut flavor was a lot more subtle than other peanut sauces I've had; this can be a good or bad thing depending on your palate.  I was fine with it, I just wished it were spicy.  The entree is a generous portion and decent deal at $5.00.

Many of the sides are only $1.00, so I also ordered the Curry Beef Puffs (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/z57kLRRnYXcaIhFZnxNJCA?select=gUUVV5Zuapt7sL3TXNHq5g).  The filling is ground beef cooked with a yellow curry.  I've never had ground beef with curry before, but it turns out better than you would think.  It would be better if there were a stronger curry flavor!

Overall you're getting a well portioned meal for no more than $6.00, and sides are cheap enough where you can order one while still eating for less than $10.  I think the food is decent, but your mileage may vary depending on your expectations and palate.  I'll be back again to explore the rest of the menu!
The Sin City Partys crew went there for the first time the other day and it was great. The service was fantastic and the prices are unbeatable for the amount of food you get. They feature the traditional Chinese food along with fusion dishes that include an Italian flare. I say it's worth a try. I'm sure I will be back to try something new again.
umm in all reality i think the resturant is confused on what it wants to be when it grows up but when it does it should let me know and i might give it another shot...but if it stays the way it is i wouldnt waist my time...sams club is across the street and they have 1.50 for a hotdog meal....lol
The food was pretty good ... perfect if your on a budget..
This wonderful place shut their doors permanently, at the close of business on January 31, 2014, and no longer exists.

I'll really miss them.  They were so wonderful...
WOW - I drove past this place sooo many times thinking - "pasta china - eeeew that sounds yucky!"

But...I checked out the reviews on here and was intrigued to find some pretty good reviews...so I though hey what the heck.

I ordered the pasta china and my husband ordered schezwan angel.  We also got the sausage and pepperoni egg roll the chicken shrimp puffs.  TONS OF FOOD all for under $13!!  

As I am writing this my husband just said to me that he can't wait to eat the leftovers for lunch tomorrow.

The only drawback I saw was that the place seemed to be crawling with crazy children with their mom screaming at them....yeah I might make this a take out place ;)

I would totally go here again and again!!
The only reason I stopped in was to try their beef curry puffs. When I got there, they no longer had it on the menu. The BF and I ended up getting the Pasta China, chicken/shrimp puff, and the fire cracker egg roll. Food was a little greasy, but OK. You get a lot of food for a decent price.
Off the beaten path, but if your in the area and want some chinese/Italian then jump in.  Was good
Super surprised, this place is actually really good! I love the service and it's mom and pop shop, decor needs help... But the food is really good, awesomely surprised... Feel free to try anything on the menu... I've tried mostly everything and never had a cold dish! Never had a bad taste either... But i like the china side more than the italian ... Hence the 4 stars... Wowed!
Yay! I'm a fan.

So one of my biggest complaints about both Italian and Chinese food is that you should be able to find delicious meals made fresh and served cheap.  They exist out there, and I guess they've spoiled me rotten.  When I can't find it, I die a little inside.  Well apparently a kind muse decided to take pity on my predicament and came up with Pasta China.

I mean seriously, what are the odds?  Two of my biggest pet-peeves coming together in this fusion establishment?  I think I might have actually giggled when I discovered this place.  I never realized how much sense it makes either.  Lo-Mein vs Spaghetti.  Won-Tons vs Raviolis.  How could I have been so blind?  Luckily the barely Venetian decor with the very Asian hostess with helps one see the light.

A friend and I both had their namesake Pasta China while my other friend had the Wonton Marinara.  All meals came with a small bowl of their house salad to tide us over while our food was prepared.  Honestly, for the price, I was expecting the entrées to come in bowls not much larger.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  Neither Pasta Chinas were finished much beyond half-way, and the Wonton Marinara was so overflowing, that a small cleanup was required after its arrival.  None of us are shy eaters either.  To be perfectly honest, I think I would rather have lo-mein noodles over spaghetti pasta, but the execution was perfect nonetheless.

The novelty of all this isn't the end all either.  Every menu item is as cheap as it should be.  Every dish is as large as it should be.  If I wasn't impressed enough, the service was way above par.  I had forgotten until this place reminded me of that genuine concern over whether I'm enjoying my meal instead of just the courtesy in order to get a better tip.  Oh, and the cherry on top was the free drinks for service members.  We didn't even ask about a discount or anything; they were offered before we even had a chance to look at the menu.  I would say they are almost too nice and generous, but that's exactly the kind problem that'll make me return again and again.  I'll end this review with something awesome I read on the wall that really personifies this establishment, "Ciao, mein."
The women that work the front counter were SO nice. A lot of food for extremely cheap. They also gave us salads with our meals and drinks. Go hungry for sure!
awesome food for a cheap cheap price. Sweetest women ever work here
Our endless search for new lunch options around my workplace had us glaring over towards Pasta China on one of our many boring trips to the  Chipotle/Five Guys/Subway courtyard spot at Craig and Nellis. Im pleased we ventured over one day because this place is unique and definitely worth a shot. The fusion is all over the place and everything Ive ever had was quite good. The overall value is outstanding as the highest priced entree is $7. There are a few asian inspired pasta dishes and some primarily asian dishes with italian ingredients thrown in. I wouldn't call the food outstanding, rather very good and very generous portions too. There are a few very good vegetable based dishes that are pretty healthy and some real trainwreck of lovliness alfredo type stuff too. One of the tastiest things ever is a "Firecracker" roll- a regular eggroll wrapper, filled with chicken, jalapenos and some cream cheam type mixture and deep fried to delish perfection....I call it the worlds greatest jalapeno popper. It costs $1.50 hahaha- great value here. One warning- we've come in with large groups(eight or more) which slowed the service WAAAY down and also stressed the staff out to where we could hear some browbeating and yelling behind the counter-reminded me of the corporate management training scene from Gung- Ho. Anyay, try this place. It different and very inexpensive and most impotantly, interesting.
Excellent flavors and large portions.  Love it! !!
i walked in on my lunch break and had the whole place to myself. I ordered the pasta china and 2 shrimp puffs. I was shocked when my plate came out! the pasta china was so big i asked for box right away! it also came with a salad (very basic but had a lemony dressing that was good) and fried spring roll. Shrimp puffs were a good size and very tasty as well. All of this for 5.50! I will be returning on another lunch outting!!!
The had a few items on the menu that mixed together Italian and Chinese cuisine. Huge Portions, Very Nice People who own the place, and very cheap for what you get. With that being said. The food itself was average. I had the Angel Hair Pasta with black been sauce. Very thin noodles, with bell peppers, onions, and chicken. The flavor was very mild, nothing really stood out, but it filled me up. I also had the Crab rangoons, 4 very big rangoons, very little crab inside (imitation and a huge amount of cream cheese, I'd say it was overpowering. If you are looking for a place to eat, and low on cash this is a great place to go. without the rangoons, it was 5$ for a the meal. You also get a house salad and a veggie egg roll. A Much better option than going to a fast food burger joint.
Pasta China has recently won my heart.  In a town full of indulgence, I've realized this place is doing something different, something special even.  There is something old fashioned about this place, and it is something I am growing to appreciate more and more.  

I recently had their signature dish, the Pasta China, off of their Fusion menu.  It is more of a chow mein with a little bit of an Italian flare.  I recommend it.  Now, you won't get anything fancy at Pasta China, nothing that is going to have amazing flavors that blow your mind.  You may even think some dishes are a little bland.  But for $4.50 you get a nice side salad, an egg role, and a HUGE plate of pasta that can easily last for two meals.  The reason for the perceived blandness is simple, they don't use MSG, food coloring, extra soy sauce, gobs of sugar, or salt.  Pasta China forgoes the cheap unhealthy extras that most restaurants shove down our throats.  Their food tastes old fashioned, and I like it.  

Would I tell Yelpers across the valley to come travel to Pasta China?  No, but I can come to Pasta China on my work break, spend under $5 for a fast healthy meal that will last me two days.  I don't get a food coma or a sugar rush.  To top it off the service is full of smiles and friendly attentiveness.  Even the atmosphere of the interior is warm and friendly.  It feels like a mom and pop Greek cafe with big black leather couches and new clean decorations.  The owner obviously takes pride in her restaurant, and she takes pride in the healthy food she serves in a town full of unhealthy choices.
The Fam and I were out and about one day and we wanted to try something new. We came across Pasta China and figured, whats the worst that could happen? We were all rather surprised at how good a few of the dishes where. The one thing that was missing was spice. I enjoy spicy food and the dishes where lacking in the spice department. I would recommend Pasta China to anyone who is looking to try something truly unique. we will be back, but I hope they will bring "the heat."
If you drive by this place you have to stop in.  I can't understand why this place is ever empty, it should be packed.  It puts the Panda Express on Craig Rd across the street to shame!  If you're scared of the "fusion" concept just ask for rice instead, same price, just as good!
Close to work so I end up eating here somewhat often. I like the food (for the price) and service is great. Its not exactly wonderful eating, but its extremely cheap and the staff is always friendly.
Interesting twist of pasta and Chinese. Little skeptical at first, but the reviews won me over. Have to say I was impressed, and look forward to returning soon
Second time eating here. Stopped on lunch break again not busy so plenty of time to eat
I had the cashew chicken meal for 5 dollars and chicken/shrimp puffs for 1$. Total was 6.49$ for this I got a salad appetizer and huge meal....which I took over half home! I would have likes to see some veggies cooked in with the cashew chicken but it tasted excellent. Would recommend to anyone in a rush or wanting more for your money!
Amazing quality at an amazing price!
Went here for the first time when it was raining here in Las Vegas a few days ago. The place was empty and we were the only ones eating inside. Which I didn't mind only because it was raining hard! (a rarity for Las Vegas).

We ordered the Pasta China and Shrimp Scampi. They give huge portions for the price and the food tasted great! And because we were the only customers inside, the 3 people that was working (pretty sure they were the owners and family) were super nice to us, and came by checking up on us with a smile. I love the concept of merging Italian food with Chinese, and it tastes very unique. They will definitely be seeing more of me from now on :)
Great food and get a lot for the money.
Food was awesome, service was great, prices were low and portions were big. The sausage and pepperoni egg rolls were fantastic. I can't recommend this place enough. First visit but it already made it to the top of my list. Loved it.
amazing food !! and a very good price ! love it here, best chinese place in vegas in a long time.
OMG....Get in your car and go now!!! 

I live close, and have seen the signage but was leery of trying Pasta China, untill I read the reviews. So I called my foodie friend, she picked me up and off we went!

We sampled a LOT of food, lol. I think the waitress was concerned because we ordered so much.  But we are sample & doggie bag girls. We had 3 apps 3 dinners and 2 desserts....

Rangoons sp? Holy cow! Even hubby liked them, and he is really picky.
Potstickers,  very tasty
Fusion pizza eggroll, reeeeealy good!

Garlic chicken alfredo, I liked it, wish there was more garlic
Cashew chicken, I liked it a lot, but had more sugar than I am comfortable with, I am diabetic.
Fusion Pasta China.......TADA! Ya it was that good.

Fusion Cannoli eggroll, WTH?   BEST  cannoli I have EVER eaten!
Lemon bar, I did not care for it. I want LEMON, mouth pucker and all. But my friend really liked it.

For all that, and we took 3 boxes and a baggie home, bill was under $30. I left $35 and the waitress tried to give me money back.  Oh no, we meant to leave that tip, it was that good...We will be back!

FYI, friend said bathroom was clean. They have wifi, and they also have comfy couch seating at 2 tables

Ps the menu has changed, i will take photos next time i go!
What a bargain! The food is delicious and prices are outstanding. One of their specials today was Jalapeño Pork. That was outstanding. Staff very friendly and sweet. Thanks!
8/24/13
Holy cow! Tried the Mongolian Beef and Orange Chicken and Chicken Salad....Uggg I could eat here everyday! Got the orange chicken sauce on the side, best chicken nuggets EVER! I do not understand how they can make onions and beef so tasty....and the salad, no sugar homemade dressing.
Honestly if hubby was not such a picky eater I would go at least 4 times a week if not everyday! Yes I said EVERYDAY! Lol 




7/12/13

Went and got take out tonight. Got 3 different items. 

Firecracker eggroll: it was good, but I liked the pizza one better.

Angel Pasta: Hubby liked it, I thought it was salty but I hate salt. He said he would eat it again.

SZechwan? Angel: Ummmm hubby would not even try it because of what it looked like. I tried it, it was ok the first bite trying the sauce. Trying the noodles with the sauce the texture was like paste. I just ate the chicken, and called it a day.

And I got the China Pasta, which hubby promptly stole the box and tried to run off with it. Still his fav!

As always owners were super sweet! I took photos of the new menu. And they were out of the pepper zuccini again. LOL one day I will try it!
The good: Very unique - the Italian twist is pretty cool, and the pepperoni & sausage eggrolls were quite large for $1.50.  I ordered a #5 spicy broccoli beef and it was right on #5--not mild and not scorching.   The staff was super friendly, the food was prepared in a jiffy, and they got my order exactly right.

The bad:  Nothing was even on par with average fast food Chinese you'd expect from a shopping mall.  Nothing was just disgusting, but nothing was good either. Even the crab Rangoon and rice wasn't on par with even the most basic Chinese restaurants.  The orange chicken looked nothing like the pictures on yelp or normal orange chicken, the sauce didn't even look remotely similar (not even close).  Also, you could tell they were buying the cheapest ingredients possible (the beef/chicken etc) to save money. Smaller portions and better ingredients are how you make money. 

The ugly:  The orange chicken was undercooked (still pink inside)... This is simply unacceptable at any modern restaurant except for steakhouses or sushi bars who clearly warn you. Simply Unacceptable.

Maybe they owners yelped their own reviews or something, because I simply don't understand how this has the best ratings of any Chinese place around.
Sad to say this place has gone way down hill in the past several months. Grandpa is no longer the cook and they have downsized the staff. The new cook is awful and incredibly slow... I took a few friends after raving about it and I had to apologize to them after forcing them to go. To make matters worse, prices have gone up (though it is still very cheap)

My wife's orange chicken was horrible and undercooked - pink with a bit of blood in the center. I was given the wrong food, and 2 people in our party did not receive their food until we had ours for 30 minutes. A quick, cheap lunch turned into a one and a half hour ordeal with crappy food. I felt bad complaining as the woman serving/taking orders was very embarrassed. They offered to make more food but at that point we were ready to leave...

I'll miss how it used to be, but I wont be back.
We decided to try this place because of the great reviews on Yelp and they were right! The prices for the dishes are on average $5 and huge portions! I had the Emperor (Cashew chicken) and shrimp fried rice. Everything was delicious!! The staff was really friendly as well! Going back tonight!
So we got fooled by Yelp again. The idea of Chinese/Italian fusion never sounded appetizing until I read all of these (possibly fake?) rave reviews. We tried the Pasta China dish and the Szechuan Chicken pasta both off the fusion side of the menu. First, the plates put on the table looked nothing like the pictures here on Yelp. Besides that, the noddles were so overcooked and sticky you could lift everything off the plate in one lift of the fork. It was bad folks, I mean really bad. The Szechuan dish was basically noodles with peanut butter. The Pasta China was a terrible version of chow mein. I guess the only thing this place has going for it is the price. But is cheap food really worth a hour of your life and a lifetime of regret?
We decided to try this place out.  We have never had Asian/Italian fusion before.  We ordered Salt n Pepper Zucchinni and Firecracker egg roll (jalapeño popper in an egg roll) for appetizers.  I ordered Pasta China (spaghetti with Chinese sausage, BBQ pork, chicken, and veggies).  My husband ordered the Kung Pao-ghetti (spaghetti with Kung Pao chicken).  The entrees are huge!  Each was enough for 3 people.  The food was amazing!  They make it fresh as you order.  Employees were very friendly and helpful.  The prices are cheap!  Our order totaled $13 plus tax!  We are definitely fans and we will be back!
I'll start with that my guy and I got our 3 appetizers, 2 entrees and 2 drinks for like $13. 

Pepperoni and Sausage eggroll: Jason liked this. I didn't try it but it did look pretty good. 
Firecracker eggroll: a cream cheese stuffed jalapeño, rolled into an egg roll wrapper and deep fried. Mine was still cold in the middle, and kind of unappetizing in flavor. Too much cream cheese- very one note. :(
Potstickers: Overly greasy, nothing special in flavor. Jason noted that the ones I make from frozen at home are better. I'll give them that the wrapper is obviously fresh, too bad the filling wasn't that great. :(
Jalapeño and broccoli shrimp, served with white rice: this was pretty good
Pasta China: I didn't like this. I found the dish to be very bland, and the noodles weren't a desired texture. It just tasted weird. 

Overall, I'd probably come back, but avoid the fusion items. Good asian food- I was very happy with my shrimp and I'm sure there are other dishes that are just as good. For the price though, you can't really complain.
Ok soo I drive passed this place all the time, it's kind of hidden and really small. I saw a few mixed reviews so I decided to try it for my self and... I'm a lil disappointed, the lady was super sweet but the food was.. Mediocre. I ordered the Szechuan angel which says its tossed in a spicy peanut sauce but more so like covered in a peanut butter gravy.. If u loooove peanut butter u would looooove this dish!! I also had a pepperoni egg roll, which was pretty tasty.. I really think I just ordered the wrong meal..
Just came back from there and I kid you not, I have 3 to go boxes like I ordered take out. Funny thing is, me, my wife, and two kids actually ate dinner there. 

Here's the simplest way I can describe these guys. Pasta China is a Chinese/Italian fusion restaurant that serves you big portions at really good prices.

Their entrees average 4 to 6 bucks and can easily feed 2 very hungry people. Since it was my first time here, I made the mistake of having everybody order their own entrée. Since the prices were decent, I decided we also needed to order an appetizer just in case it wasn't enough. I was so wrong. Every entrée comes on a huge plate. 

If you refer to my pic, my entrée was the Kung Pao-Ghetti. Its Kung Pao Chicken with Spaghetti Noodles. I chose a spiciness of 4 out of 10. Whoa. It was pretty spicy. For all you spice lovers you need to get this and make it a 10! My oldest ordered the Combination Fried Rice which had Shrimp, Pork, and Chicken. He could only eat half of it and he usually finishes his food. My youngest got the Bowtie Pasta with Chicken. He got it because it had Alfredo Sauce which he loves. His plate didn't even look like he touched it. Good thing my wife didn't order just yet because she was on her phone. After she saw all the food, she knew she didn't need to order anything at all.

As for the service, there was this nice Asian lady that greeted, seated, took our order, and brought out our food. She even came around constantly to refill our waters. The only thing that she didn't do was cook our food. 

The location of the place is not bad at all. I see this place all the time driving by it on Craig Road. So when you drive by this place you cant help but wonder, "Chinese food with pasta?". The inside is nothing fancy. If anything, you just have basic chairs and tables. Doesn't bother me because I came there to eat, not to look at expensive paintings or high end wood flooring. 

Random info: They have a minimum of 5 bucks to use credit/debit cards. There is free wifi. The password is on the soda machine. There are separate solo bathrooms for men and women. Hours are Monday thru Saturday 11 am to 9 pm. Closed Sundays.

Bottom line is, you get decent food, great portions, and nice service at decent prices. You can take your whole family and friends here without having to worry about the check. Im coming back for sure.
Tried the pasta China and the angel China, both are delicious. The portions are HUGE and really inexpensive. Try their spaghetti with chicken / walnut & pesto sauce it is Excellent and it's a steal at $6 !
Well, this was a pleasant surprise! Pasta China serves both Italian and Chinese items, as well as fusion dishes combining the two styles. It's a small restaurant and looks to be family run which made for great service. Our waitress very helpful, quick to get our drinks and food and she was unbelievably friendly!

As others have mentioned, the portion sizes here are huge! I got a beef pepper steak dinner that came with two large scoops of rice and an egg roll. Flavors were excellent and the vegetables seemed to be fresh cut, no frozen, bagged crap. The steak itself was kinda thin but there was so much of it that it didn't bother me. I also had a firecracker egg roll which was really tasty, the cream cheese and jalapeño were balanced and I thought it was a cool idea. My wife went with pesto pasta and loved it. The chicken was super moist, the noodles were cooked perfectly and their pesto sauce is delicious. 

All in all, this is a solid spot and it's cool for families who might have different food preferences. And if you do all like the same food, it's perfect for sharing. The portions are huge with crazy low prices and their service is excellent. We'll be back for sure!
They sure don't noodle around here. For around $5, you get a hefty meal good enough to feed a small village.

At Pasta China, it's a step above the typical express Chinese restaurant, with a bit of an Italian twist. They have a separate menu for either Chinese and Italian, if you have a boat that floats toward any of those particular regions. If your boat goes nowhere, they have a fusion menu that combines the two elements.

Food is pretty good for the low price you pay. I haven't had a dish that let me down. Though, I wouldn't walk into this place expecting fine dining for sophisticated palates. Also note that some of the dishes tend to be on the oily side.

Service is very homely and family-oriented. I felt welcome the first moment I walked in, and am always checked up on to make sure I'm happy with my meal.
Driving through Vegas, my friends and I used Yelp to check this place out. 

It's the cheapest food around. $5 will feed a grown man twice. 

Quality is good, but nothing special. The food is more Italian. 

Pepperoni eggrolls were pretty darn great, but the other food we ordered was pretty average. The Szechuwan pasta was the only "Spicy" item on the menu, but wasn't spicy at all. The Pasta China and the Yin Yang were pretty spicy, though. It's just kind of a gross amount of food, so it's hard to take it all in.

What was good was that they had a wonderful woman working that would periodically check on us and made sure that we liked the food. Also, she gave us hot chili oil, which made the food wayy better. 

I'm in between a 3 and a 4 star review, but just because the staff is so friendly, I'll round up. 

I think if I lose in Vegas next time I'm out, this is likely to be a stop on the way back (if I didn't lose my car in a bet)
Decent food for a very very reasonable price. Have been here several times and they staff is always friendly. Would recommend getting the cannoli for desert.
ACK! We tried twice last week, but both days they were closed! I just tried the phone number and its been disconnected!

Noooooooooooooooooooo! I will not believe that my Pasta China is closed.... I posted on the Facebook page...praying it's vacation or something
Tried to stop in for lunch on Thursday and they were closed. It looks like the restaurant has been abandoned.  So sad! We will miss them and those tasty firecracker eggrolls!
Closed unfortunately..............I always thought the prices were too low and this may prove it
I visited this location last year with a friend while visiting Las Vegas.  We were hungry, and I discovered this restaurant on yelp because we were in the mood to eat out and spend a little more instead of buying and making out our own meals from a supermarket like we did previously.  

The food was good, and portions were very generous considering the low prices.   I was surprised to feel full, especially since my peers consider me a big eater.  

Others have said that the location is currently closed.  I hope not, because if I would gladly cheat off my Paleo diet for some grub if I ever ate there again.
"Peanut-butter jelly time"!  The perfect brunch natured meal for us kids at heart.  The peanut-butter jelly French-toast is unique, delicious and comes with excellent service.
Tried Wine 5 for the first time today very friendly staff and the food was great will be back to try more!!!
Haven't tried the wine here, so can't comment on that yet.  But....it's the perfect little breakfast place with a unique menu.  My husband ordered the peanut-butter & jelly pancakes, and loved them.  I went with the healthy breakfast (oatmeal, egg whites, etc) and it was fantastic!  The other two in our party enjoyed their meals too!  The customer service is just right....helpful, but not stalker-ish.
I actually really liked this place, service was excellent and feel and decor is inviting and relaxed. 

The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because there are no Vegetarian items. A basic salad is not enough for most vegetarians, and I can make that at home. I hope they add a few Veggie friendly items soon and continue the great quality of food they turn out.  

 Luckily we eat seafood and got to try the Salmon and Ahi tacos. The tacos come out disassembled and you build your own taco, which I really like. The Tacos come with a Avocado puree, cabbage and a tomato salsa, which when all put together is a explosion of flavor. The shells are fried and remind me of my moms which is a good thing.
4 stars for my breakfast review!  Great atmosphere, a good breakfast at a reasonable price.  The PJ French toast was very good.  I look forward to going back for lunch or dinner!
Never have I gotten more out of such an unassuming restaurant. I was looking on Yelp for a new spot to check out and randomly picked Wine 5 Cafe mostly due to its close proximity to our house.

Pulling into the parking lot, I didn't expect much. Nothing too spectacular visually from outside.

I ordered the salmon upon the suggestion of our server and my wife had the blackened chicken breast. As our dishes first became visible in the window yo be delivered to our table, we knew we were in for a pleasant surprise.

Every aspect of the food was incredible. Presentation? Amazing. Freshness? Amazing. Preparation? Amazing. Flavors? Amazing. Price? Incredible. 

I can't say enough about how great this place is. Highly, highly, highly recommended - and I don't impress easily.
The other afternoon I turned the wrong direction onto Cheyenne and caught a glimpse of a new restaurant in the space that used to be Gallo's.  I went inside and saw a lot of the familiar decor, but with a fresh new look.  White tablecloths, though plastic, were the fancy kind, and flowers on the table created a whole new atmosphere.  I looked at the menu, liked what I saw, and returned for dinner tonight.  We were a group of eight.

I didn't look at bottle prices for the wine, but some of the per-glass prices were a bit steep.  My husband and I ordered Riesling, which was the least expensive, but that's not why we ordered it.  We just prefer it.  But the brand listed was Chateau Ste. Michelle, which is our least favorite.  When it was served, we were astounded that they would substitute a different brand and not tell us - this wine was delicious!  We soon learned from the owner, who brought over the bottle, that THIS Ste. Michelle was a completely different vintage from the cheaper stuff every other bar and restaurant serves!  

Half the couples ordered beef tacos as an appetizer.  The beef is served in a small crispy tortilla bowl, and the fixings, including guacamole, surround it.  I had a taste and it was delicious.  For me, it would have been a meal.  But they're bigger eaters.

Three people ordered the rib steak and pronounced it terrific.  It was served with brown rice and a mixture of fresh asparagus, green beans, and julienned carrots, as were all the other entrees.  I'm not a fan of brown rice, but there was nothing to substitute for it, so I got it anyway.  It was more like a risotto, which I'm usually not crazy about, but in this case it was a definite improvement over the usually bland brown rice.

My husband ordered blackened tuna, and another friend had blackened salmon.  Both were perfectly prepared, though she complained about the salt, which is why I never order blackened anything - virtually all brands of that seasoning have salt as their first ingredient.  I tasted both, and the fish was astoundingly good (if you discount the seasoning).  Another friend had one of the specialty salads as her main, and she raved about it.

My own entree was the only one that was disappointing.  I ordered the Spicy Shrimp in Lime Garlic Sauce.  The shrimp were on the small side, though overall there were enough of them.  I'd rather have fewer, larger shrimp.  But I tasted no lime and no garlic, and it seemed to be in a thin tomato-y sauce that was nothing like what I was expecting.  When I asked the waitress to bring me some lime, she returned with lemon quarters.  Not the same!!!  She checked in the kitchen and returned to tell me that they have no fresh limes - the dish is made with processed lime juice.  The vegetables were excellent, but my brown rice was good halfway through.  Then I got to a hard lump that obviously had sat in the pot too long and was scraped from the side.  It wasn't burned, just hard and dried out.  

Had I not been so disappointed in my own dish (which wasn't terrible, just blah), I would have given this place five stars.  After all, seven out of eight of us loved our entrees.  But we all loved the ambience, the comfort, and an owner who was present throughout.  We will definitely return soon.
Well, it looks like a nice place. We live on the Eastside, but were running some errands in the northwest. We really wanted to try Wine 5. We got there at 9:25 for some breakfast. It said on Yelp that they are open at 9am and also said 9am on their "closed" sign... But they were closed. Sucks because it looked like my kind of place.
Driving through Vegas on a 1,400 mile road-trip I stopped to see a friend in Vegas. She was also from out of town but since her mom lived there I thought she would know where to go. Wrong. No problem, Yelp iPhone app to the rescue, yet again!

I wanted some place where I could get a sandwich or salad. And this place looked like it had some positive reviews and was new. We drove the couple miles to get there and it was totally worth it.

The place had a great charm to it and a very friendly staff. Our waitress was kind and helpful.  She's very enthusiastic about the restaurant and the menu and it shows. The food was great, as was the Malbec she recommended. The ahi tuna tacos my friends had were tasty and perfectly seared- not overdone. The turkey-bacon-avocado-with cranberry aioli that I ordered was not only really tasty and on a delicious bun, but was also a large portion. It was perfect fuel for my last few hundred miles of the drive back to San Diego.

Las Vegas is definitely lucky to have this new cafe with a lot of soul and a talented staff. Try this place out and support a great new business. I hope you have as nice a meal as we did. :-D
I'm looking at all the previoius four and five star reviews and wondering if we went to the same place...

Having read their website's bio of the chef and their commitment to fresh ingredients, I thought it was well worth a try as my wife and I like to try to support new, worthwhile eateries in our part of town.  

there was a sax player playing over some canned background music or a synthesizer or something...it was just o.k. musically, but waaay too loud.

I was interested to try the "fried vegetable logs".  The waitress brought a pile of fried mixed vegetables...swimming in a pool of greenish liquid, and topped with melted cheese.  I asked about the liqud and she told me it was from the green chili sauce (which I was never able to detect except for the runny pool of liquid at the bottom of the plate.  consequently, the fried vegetables were a soggy mess.

After that came the salad...well, not exactly.  Just a few minutes after getting our soggy appetizer the waitress kind of aplogized and told us our main courses were on the way out, and that if we wanted, she could put the fried vegetables on the table behind us, since our two top was too small to hold the tree oversized plates.  As far as I was concerned she could take it anywhere...just take it.  Sure enough, out came the main courses, but no salad.  That came about five minutes later, and again due to a lack of room the waitress offered to put it on the table behind us.  I was starting to get frustrated so I told her that I'd just pass on the salad.  As she was taking it back to the kitchen, the manager saw her return it, but didn't say a word to us about it.

The entrees themselves were underwhelming at best.  My pork chops were dry adn swimming in a brown sauce that had too much salt (and too much demi glace).  And there were enough chunks of bland potatoes for three servings...this from a guy who loves potatoes.  My wife's club sandwich was unremarkable at best.

As we were finishing the manager/maitre d' came over to ask how our dinner had been.  Too little too late.  I toldhim it was fine, just because I wanted to be done with the whole experience.  And now I am.
I think Wine 5 Cafe is a good addition to the restaurant scene in "Old Summerlin", as the area has come to be called.

Four of us went together around 2pm and two of our group were able to still order breakfast, despite the menu saying we couldn't - always a plus.  On the Breakfast side, two omelettes were order and enjoyed - the Very Cheesy and Fluffy was exactly what it said and the other omelette, ordered scrambled, was full of good stuff.  What I noticed about each was that the chef really knew his business about eggs.  Neither dish was over- nor under-cooked, neither was dry and neither had a plate of egg water under it.  This is surprisingly uncommon and implies both dishes were cooked in a pan, not a griddle - increasingly uncommon.  Each was also served with a healthy portion of hash browns, which were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside - salt was needed, however.

On the lunch side, my brother and I each ordered a burger, he, the "Hickory Smoked", and I, "The Exception".  I found the Exception to be basically well-formed with a great bun and their signature red onion marmalade, however the meat was a bit over-cooked and not flavorful despite being cooked in "spices and red wine braised".  Also, the shredded iceberg doesn't work for me.  I wouldn't necessarily describe this burger as exceptional.  My brother's Hickory smoked was perfectly-cooked and very flavorful with bacon and pepper jack cheese.  If I ordered his burger, I would be inclined to give this place its fourth star.

On the appetizer side, we tried the "Nairobi City Park Ahi Tuna Tacos".  We'd never heard of African tacos before and given the great variety of things that can be found in the Street Taco concept, we were game.  After questioning the name, the waitress informed us that both the cooks are Kenyan and most of their food has elements of African seasoning.  Let me say, I wish this came through more in my burger because these were some of the best fish tacos I've ever eaten.  The chucks of Ahi were well-seasoned and mixed with great in-season tomatoes that were perfection!  We were supplied with extra tortillas free of charge - another plus.

I found our waitress to be pleasant and helpful and concerned with actually connecting with each guest and her recommendations were for the most part right-on.  

A few other notes - the wine list was quite good.  Though I didn't have wine, I knew about 3/4 of the list. And, of those that I didn't know, they seemed like good selections.

What would make this place 4 star?
The burger.  Although my brother's was good, I have to give my rating based on my food mainly, and the burger needed help.  I think this is probably a consistency thing however, not a major problem.  Once in a while food is not perfect.

What would make this place 5 stare?

I'd have a hard time making this a 5 star joint, which has nothing to do with its food, but its marketing.  I think a 5 star joint has to be at the top of its particular field.  Wine 5 actually sits between two types, upscale and diner/breakfast place.  Since it is not at the top of former, I can't give it the full 5.  But that's just how I play the ratings game...

Bottom line:  Great menu with fresh variety and something for everyone.  I'll definitely go back to see if I can give it that fourth star...
This place is great for going out to dinner with friends! The decor is inviting and super quint. The wait staff is very friendly and never neglected our table. We ordered the appetizer sampler platter, the chicken tacos and the spicy chicken wings were so good. I have no idea what spices they used but it was delicious. The platter also came with the southwest egg rolls which I would order as a meal in itself. 
 I had the cojita salad which was a huge portion but had a little but to much dressing on it for me. My boyfriend had the Salmon Ruben which was piled with perfectly cooked Salmon fillet (I don't even like fish but I like this Salmon!) We we're way to full to order dessert but the choices were very tempting. 
 I will definitely be returning to try out other things on the menu and I really want to try their breakfast menu as well.
I dont usually give 5 stars on anything but this place deserves it. The drunken frito misto (hope I spelled it right) platter was an amazing appetizer. its says it serves 2 but could easily serve 3. but just like everything else here the portions are HUGE.  I got the salmon ruben for my entree and it was great. I thought that salmon on a rueben would have been odd but it wasnt at all. the sandwich had a tasty remoulade with cooked cabbage and wasn't that usual sour kraut from a can that alot of restaurants put on there ruebens. The salmon was cooked perfect and juicy, the rye bread was buttery and crispy delicious. Overall decore was cute and thoughtful ( even the place is relatively small the place feels big and open with giant glass windows to see right into the kitchen), service was professional ( all servers wear ties and white dress shirts italian bistro style) and friendly and I never felt abandoned,  food portions are gigantic and everything seems to be made from scratch very fresh tasting. I guess the bottom line is you wont leave disappointed or hungry thats for sure.
A nice place to eat.  Great food and service.  The menu is unique creative. The owner really cares about his family owned business and it shows.  I'm so glad places like this still exist amidst the glut of food chains.
The place is cute and service was friendly, but very, very slow.  We went on a Wednesday at 7pm, not expecting the place to be busy.  I wonder if they have a senior early bird special I don't know about.  The restaurant was quite full with an older crowd and the live entertainment consisted of a guy singing and one on keyboard - both of retirement age- playing songs from the 50s.  The crowd seemed to be enjoying themselves.
I was disappointed in the menu.  The most intriguing thing I saw were the Nairobi City tacos.  I ordered Ahi Tuna and the portions were huge.  But the tuna was overcooked and chewy.  It was served with "pice de gallo" which tasted more like unseasoned canned tomatoes to me.  There wasn't much flavor to the entire dish and the guacamole sauce was very pale green and tasted like the avocado had been stretched a bit too far.
I would not recommend unless you enjoy bland food.
Disclaimer: though my husband worked with the owner a few years back, at a casino, we were not given a freebie in any way/shape/form for our meal here. So this review is the real deal (then again, all of mine are). I just wanted to make this clear.

How did we find out about this place? My husband ran into the owner while on a shopping trip- they worked together so they did some catching up. My husband asked me to look it up, the menu sounded really good (and was reasonable), plus, a couple of the reviewers here (only 15) mentioned the Salmon Reuben, which I was eager to try. So, a couple weeks later, we came for lunch; this was yesterday. This used to be Gallo's (pizza & pasta)- I never actually went here, but the former company I worked for (which was around the corner), ordered food from this place on a regular basis.

We don't live in the area, so this a bit of a drive (located in the Target shopping center, on the corner of Cheyenne & Tenaya), but the 95 makes it a bit easier. But the trip was well worth it. The ambiance is very nice (this is what remains of Gallo's), kinda reminds me of Mimi's Cafe but not as kitschy, more on the elegant and tasteful side. It almost feels like a bistro (minus the snooty wait service and the high prices). The servers are dressed in white shirts and black pants. 

Tino (the owner) sat with us for a bit, for a quick chat/visit. I already knew what I was going to order. The official name is Mr. & Mrs. Reuben- your choice of beef, chicken, or salmon. My husband ordered the Cheyenne Pork Sandwich. We also got a side of fries. The water is filtered BTW (my husband tasted the difference). The sandwiches came with a side salad with a vinaigrette dressing (wasn't listed in the menu). My sandwich was so yummy. Normally, when the sandwich falls apart, I get frustrated, but this was a different experience. The salmon was a generous size, and it was flavorful and juicy (not dry at all, or overdone- hate when fish is overdone). The marble rye was very good, and the sauerkraut was a decent amount as well. This instantly became my favorite! I am a huge reuben fan (but I don't get it as often as I would like) and this was the first of its kind, for me. I didn't finish the bread part though, because it was a big sandwich- I finished the rest of the salmon (heck ya!). Plus, I had the side salad (pretty good, actually, except the occasional bitter leaf) and the fries (served in a parchment-lined bowl, standing, and perfectly seasoned. My husband let me have a bit of his sandwich and the pork was really full of flavor (I don't eat pork much). The bill was around $23.00 for the both of us. It seemed slow for a sunday afternoon, but they told us that typically July & August are the slowest  months. There was another party besides us.

This is a Las Vegas gem- so I am calling on all my yelp'er friends out there to come to this restaurant and show your support (and write those reviews too). There are appetizers, sandwiches, burgers, and entrees, as well as sides, and breakfast, too- it is described as a restaurant with fusion food featuring a Kenyan twist (the head chef- my compliments BTW). Some of the names of the dishes feature streets in town like, Cheyenne, Tenaya, and Warm Springs. Many of the items are under $10.00, maybe six items on the menu are over $10, but  under $20.00. There are so many things on the menu that seem really delicious. We're eager to try other things on our next visit. My husband really wants to try the PB & J French Toast!!!  

The website probably needs some updating. The hours are listed as 9-9 daily, but it's really 11-9 mon-fri, listed on the takeout menu (order for pickup) and the front door. 

Oh, I almost forgot- this restaurant was mentioned in the Las Vegas Review Journal and Seven magazine (the best of Las Vegas issue)- not bad for being open for 5 months. Check out the link for the LVRJ:

http://www.lvrj.com/view/five-is-the-magic-number-for-new-summerlin-area-eatery-122489479.html

Long live Wine 5 Cafe! I'm hoping to spread the word about this place.
I made 3 trips here. The first having tried the Veggie Logs and Caesar salad. The veggies was a new experience for me. That's why I keep coming back. The salad came in a nice presentation. On my second trip I came for lunch. Again I wanted to try something new so I opt for the Salmon Reuben. The portion was huge. I didn't expect to be full just from lunch. So then on my third visit I just ordered the cheese omelet. But of course I had to have the ahi tune taco to start with :). Big mistake. For an appetizer there was more tuna than tortilla. 
IMO the the place has both quantity as well as quality. I will always be coming back. 
But the reason why 4 star is that for a place to carry 'wine' in its name I would have expected to hold a large selection of the drink.
My friends and I ate at this restaurant last night! Wow, I cannot possibly describe how amazing this food was. I had the most incredible chicken, so tender, so full of spices I have not had in any other food. The wait staff was super upbeat and kept the food coming. We met the chef, and owners, and fell in love with them too. Their charm was so wonderful. Try the salmon, and the ribeye. Cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.
Fantastic food and friendly service! I would recomend this as a must try location! American delight with a twist!
Don't be afraid of Kenyan fussion like I was at first!! This location is a wonderful find. We were greeted pleasantly as soon as we walked in. Our waitress, Jasmine, had a very good feel for describing their menu. All American classics with a Kenyan twist. I had the pork sandwich, and I thought it was one of the best I've ever eaten. MY friend had a wedge salad, which was primarily fresh fruit (honeydew, cantelope, and watermelon) with a wedge of lettuce, and a yogurt cranberry dressing. He said it was great-his daughters getting married next month and he needs to fit into the tux!!!! I only wish the wine list had a more upscale offering. Not more expensive, but perhaps a Stags Leap 2008 Merlot ($23.99 retail). I must admit that I didn't have wine for lunch, so I'll be back to assess the situation more extensively. Perhaps on a Friday and really examine!! Lol
A great little, quaint spot in a strip mall that offers different fare, for a decent price. Bravo Tino, well done!!!
I had the "Amped up!" burger with a side of fries and it was soooo delicious! My waitress was very nice and the atmosphere was very welcoming. Loved it! Went back the next night and had another wonderful me! Im hooked! Great price too.
This establishment replaced the sadly closed Gallo's Pizza, located near the Target at Tenaya and Cheyenne.  

When the new owners took over the space of the former restaurant, they completely refitted the look from a pizza joint to an upscale, charming sidewalk-esque cafe with Americano food done pretty well.  The menu offers some really original and well put together dishes as well as boasting a breakfast original that won an award for "Best Breakfast Dish in Vegas" i.e. the amazing Nick's French Toast special from Seven Magazine.  

As far as the service goes, I went on a Tuesday early evening and was sadly the only one in the restaurant.  This wouldn't have bothered me so much if it wasn't plainly evident to the waiter that he was not making any money that day and he was kind of put out that all I ordered was a sandwich.  Oh, well.  His undetectable personality didn't ruin my meal.

That sandwich?  Best Club Sandwich I've ever had.  Cranberry chipotle mayo with Avocado?  Just great!  

Said sandwich came with some tossed greens in a light dressing.  Unfortunately, there was a little too much dressing that soaked into my bread on my sandwich so that wasn't great.

Aside from that, the prices are good, the chefs in the back were taking a break as I walked by to wash my hands and were very friendly and chatty, and the decour is cute.  They have live jazz/performances now and then and I think it's a great local place to check out.
If you want to learn about someone observe what they bring to the table. The food served will speak volumes about who they are, their family, their heritage, and their culture. The owner, Grace, is the epitome of this experience. Serving what she refers to as a fusion of American and Kenyan cuisine, the dining experience is a culinary eden. It is a small, comfortable restaurant. In particular, the "Kenyan Feast" (which must be reserved in advance) is something you must experience. It is unfortunate, there is only a 5-Star rating  as I would give them 10-Stars..
You know, it makes me really sad when I wish and want a business to succeed and attempt to frequent it and just get... shot down.

Upon my third visit to Wine 5 Cafe, while sitting, waiting for the Tenaya Club sandwich, (which is just DELICIOUS), I realized that this venue isn't a place that made me feel welcome.  

When I entered, two of the cooks were sitting at a table, eating dinner.  They flat out stared at me.  No smiles, no hello, no "Oh, would you like a table?"  They stared at the guy in the T-shirt and jeans who wanted to stop in for a sandwich.  My unsmiling waitress offered me a booth, stated she was going to get me a glass of water and, upon me requesting iced tea, completely forgot about the water and just brought me the iced tea.  I requested a water as well sometime later.  

I gave her my order for the sandwich, (Her reply: "Just the sandwich?") and it was quiet for a bit.  They turned the lights on, started up the music, and I relaxed while my sandwich was prepared.    

What made me happy was that obviously someone is reading reviews, because my salad that had the dressing run into my bread is now contained in a bowl.  Nice.  

Waitress didn't check up on me until I was done.  When I said I was done, she took my dishes AND my drinks away!  No refills or anything?  Well.

I signed off my receipt and left.  

Being that I was the only one in the entire restaurant, I would think that everyone - the cooks, the waitress - SOMEONE would try a little harder to be friendly, make me feel welcome.  But I felt like this was a place that was catering to a different clientele, let it be couples or families or seniors or whatever - something that I wasn't welcome to.  And I'm okay with that.   Because there are plenty of other places that will greet me with a smile who serve delicious sandwiches as well.
My husband & I eat here atleast 2 to 3 weekends a month. We usally eat breakfast. I have tried most breakfast dishes off the menu & my fav's are the Southwest Happy Huevos & the PJ French Toast - yummy!  All the wait staff that we have encountered has always been friendly & accomendating. We have eaten dinner a few times. We enjoy the Fried Southwest Eggroll appetizers & I love their Seared Salmon & the prices are very reasonable.
Last night I decided to go to Wine 5 Cafe for dinner and brought 3 other with me. Having a gluten allergy makes it very hard to find places I can eat but this wasn't a problem there. I ordered the Tuna medium rare which came out perfect. Also it was huge! Normally you get a tiny piece of tuna at most places, but this thing was big. It also came with veggies which were to die for. For a gluten free meal it was delicious and filled me up. My fiancé ordered Tilapia, which again was no small meal. He ate the whole thing, which says a lot for him because he is a picky eater. I don't remember what my cousin ordered but I know she was very happy with her meal as well. But the biggest person to please was my father, I don't know what the exact name of it was but it was a spicy seafood dish. When it comes to food he can be a tough one to please. All I know is he ate it all and loved it!! He even wants to come back and try their breakfast. We absolutely loved Wine 5 Cafe. The food was phenomenal, affordable, flavorful, and filling. Needless to say I will be a repeat customer.
I was very impressed with the menu pricing, atmosphere and overall the attentiveness we received during our visit. This was my first time here and I decided to try the traditional Nyama and Ugali dish. I must admit, I was a bit skeptical of it but was pleasantly surprised by the taste. The Palenta has a similar taste to grits (bland) with cheese; make sure to mix the spinach sautée. I can't wait to come back again. I recommend this place. Thank you to the owner/chef for coming to our table and asking about our order and how we enjoyed everything.
Great little place to eat with great food and kind service. Treat yourself to a night out dinning here.
Yay! I'm a fan! 4 1/2 stars.  I am so darn excited to share the joys of this tiny hidden treasure...,my fingertips are tingling!

We sought out a lunch venue in the NW area from a trusty source (yelp) and once again, we were not disappointed.  

Apparently, the Wine 5 Cafe has been around for about 1 year.  It is painfully obvious that this location used to be a little Italian place.  It is very very cute and inviting but does nothing to support the Kenyan infused menu boasted by the Wine 5 Cafe.

That said, the food, service, and value are impeccable.  4 ladies tried 4 different items: The Salad, Chicken Salad, Ahi Tuna Tacos, and The House Special: Nairobi Fish Sandwich.  Everything was large, fresh, flavorful, and tasty.  Not one complaint.  We also saw a burger pass by our table...it looked excellent.  My fish sandwich had a chipotle mayo, lettuce, avocado and flaky, white, lightly battered fish.  It was served with a small mixed green salad.  It was delicious.  The ahi tuna tacos were roll em yourself street style tortillas with big chunks of medium ahi and a creamy avocado sauce.  The Salad had loads of chicken, shrimp, beets, corn, and loads of other stuff.   It was very impressive.  

I'll go back and I'd recommend it to all.
Okay, this was miles better than any of my experiences I've had here.

To give a little background of "Jez, why did you go back to a place you don't care for?"

One of the staff contacted me, apologizing profusely, and asked if I would re-evaluate the restaurant on a different day.  Due to the fact that I received a lengthy E-mail that was professional, polite, and written from the heart, I really couldn't say no.  So I dropped in one evening and informed them that I would be joining them for breakfast the next day.  

Breakfast was a pleasure.  I had the award winning French Toast, a decadent meal of french toast stuffed with sliced bananas, nutella, covered with ice cream, strawberries, powdered sugar, and chocolate sauce.  Totally bomb.  Never having for breakfast again, as would have made a much better dessert, but wow, just delicious.  I ordered the Chai which was different from the traditional chai that I enjoy at Indian Restaurants - it's smoother and less spiced, which offset the sweetness of the entree.

My lovely partner had an omelet with perfectly seasoned potatoes and caramelized onions that were plentiful and well prepared.  

As far as I'm concerned - this restaurant, as far as breakfast goes, should be a regular staple in the breakfast wars scene of Cracked Egg and Babystacks and all of those because they offer a mean breakfast at a great price and- out of all the servers I had, the girls who I met the previous night and the one who served me breakfast were sweet, smiling, and on the ball.  

It was a pleasure to meet the owners - they stressed their attention to detail in that they read reviews and take them to heart - pointing out changes they've made based on the opinions here and how they broke apart from the casinos to strike out on their dream.  Good job, Wine 5 Cafe, I'm a fan again, and I'll be back again soon!
Great place to eat. Excellent service and food.
No wonder this restaurant has wonderful reviews, the food was amazing ,kudos to the chef ,cheap ,good portion so tasty !!! Worth the drive
A huge amount of food, well prepared. I ate more polenta than I thought possible. Worth coming back to try more.
Excellent food, and excellent service. I have eaten here twice, and highly recommend this place.
This place will get 3 stars for now, based off of the food. I will go back and try it again, and maybe I will revise this.

We went here for Sunday brunch. They don't have too much of a selection for brunch and they stopped serving breakfast at 12. We like to sleep in late on the weekends, but I like places that serve breakfast until later on the weekends. So it was a bad choice for us. We both love eggs benedict, so that's what we both ordered. They only had one kind available, and it was sliced pork. It was a little odd to me, and it was good, but different. I'm usually very open minded when it comes to a lot of things. My mother is Filipino, and they eat some really odd things. So I've tried everything more than once before I usually make up my mind. The sauce wasn't hollandaise sauce either. I couldn't figure it out for the life of me what it was. The other odd thing is they served carmalized onions ontop of some of the fruit which made it warm. That was not very appealing to me.

I would like to try a couple of other breakfast dishes here again. The place has a pretty good selection on the menu and it's a quiant little place. The serve was good, but the waiter was a little too attentive. Such as making a little too many odd remarks and checking up a little too often. It was a little slow in there, but you shouldn't bother your customers too much when they don't seem needy.
After a year of seeing this business up and running near my home, my roommate and I decided to finally come here.  This is about 4.5 stars for now.

We went here late afternoon and it wasn't busy at all so we were seated right away and I ordered the curry and some fries. They had a varied selection of sandwiches, burgers and whatnot so there was plenty to choose from

Don't let the prices fool you, they make sure you leave stuffed. The curry I ordered was pretty good and the fries were spectacular.  I can't really describe the taste since I haven't been watching Food Network in over a year so I'll stick with "pretty good".

The atmosphere was pretty relaxed and calm, I quite enjoyed that.

I will be back here in the future to try more items.
Food, service, and price satisfactory.
Accomodated our 16 person party with ease.
I was truly impressed with the quality and portion size. A real value for money.

I also think the waitstaff is spot on-- wasn't hovering like a comic book villain, but didn't ignore me either...not easy to do in a huge party. 

Will be back the next time in the North Las V area. WOOT
Great desrrts..  Good service.  Food is good. Very nice decor.  The staff is very friendly.  Will go back next trip out.
Excellent food!  Chicken taco's were good.  The hickory loaded burger was good, the southwest chicken ciabatta sandwich was also good, but the best thing by far was the club sandwich with the red sauce - OMG!  Epic!
We have been to this place twice.  The first time was just shortly after they opened and they had a very limited and casual menu.  This Kenyan fusion thing was very strange.  We ordered a combination plate that had several different items on it, because we thought it would be fun to try things we hadn't eaten before.  After sampling each one, we decided we wouldn't be trying those things again, and probably wouldn't be coming back to this restaurant again.  We were there for dinner during the week and were the only ones in the place, which is scary to begin with.  

I went again tonite with friends who had been there before, and said they enjoyed it.  So, I'm game, I'll try any place twice.  But after this experience, I will never go back again.

I know some people will gag when I say this, but I love liver and onions, and when I see it on the menu, I will order it.  The menu had quite expanded, and was much more upscale than the first time we visited, as were the prices.  Liver and onions was $19.95.  My friends had the pork chop the last time they were in, and they ordered it again.  Our waitress, who was the only waitsperson in the place while we were there, was incredibly incompetent.  I won't go into our complaints with her.  She was bad enough, tho, that I left no tip.  I have never done that in my life.  But I digress.

The plates of food were huge.  My friends said their pork chops were good, but neither ate the veggies (carrots, asparagus, green beans) because they said they were too raw (I wished I could have eaten them off their plates!)  When I ordered the liver, I told the waitress that I wanted it medium, to tell the cook to please not overcook it.  When it arrived, it was buried in a huge pile of deep fried onion pieces, with a few pieces of asparagus on the side, and plain mashed potatoes.  A small dish of what appeared to be gravy with chopped carrots in it was on the plate.  I tasted the gravy and it was overwhelmed with vinegar.  When I finally got the waitress's attention, I asked for some other kind of gravy that wasn't so sour.  She brought out a bowl of what looked exactly like what I had, sans carrots, and in tasting it, it was exactly the same.  I pushed it out of the way, and someone from the kitchen came out and after talking to him, he brought out another bowl of "gravy" which was better, but still vinegary. 

After digging through the deep fried onions, I got down to a thick piece of liver, cooked to death and all but inedible.  I ate the asparagus which was perfect, and a couple of bites of plain potato, and left the rest.  When the waitress finally came back to our table, she asked if I was still working on it, and I said I couldn't eat any of it, because it was awful.  She took it away.  My friends finished their dinners, and we waited at least 15-20mins for our check, finally calling out to the waitress and asking her for the bill.  She brought me my bill for $28+ ( I had a beer), and when she came to collect, I said she should be ashamed for charging me for that meal, especially since it was obvious nothing had been eaten.  She said "Why should I be ashamed", and took my credit card and rang it up.   My friends asked for coffee after our meal, and the waitress said she would have to make a new pot and it would take about 4-5 mins.  After waiting almost 15 mins, we left .   I should have called the manager or owner and complained to him, but I didn't.  I just decided it was lesson learned, and I would never go back.
For a place with wine in the name, their selection is woefully small.

The food isn't bad, but I'm not sure it's worth the price.

Service was alright but I did NOT appreciate them giving themselves an additional $5 tip on top of what I specified on the receipt.  Suffice it to say, a call to my credit card company was made.
Our first taste of Kenya and it was great! We'll be back for more. The sweet bread is amazing.
It's a charming little place w/ Kenyan chefs and polite & helpful waiters. We were surprised there wasn't more people enjoying the restaurant and the only thing we could think was the name. It doesn't advertise its ethnisity and I would guess a more fitting name would bring more folks in especially those like us who enjoy trying new cuisine.
Wine 5 cafe is by far the most interesting place to eat. No matter what meal.  Breakfast is fantastic,lunch salads, sandwiches, dinner, the spicy shrimp is excellent.  Can be a formal affair or very casual.. Cooks come to your table to see if you are satisfied.  Prices are affordable, service is great and food is mouth watering good.  Can't say enough.  Have taken out of town guests here and everyone loved it.  Will keep going here.  It's a place for more.. Dan
Okay, I noticed them a loooong time ago, but thought "I don't really drink wine"... so I never went in or even looked at the menu on their window.  Today, I went for lunch to give it a try.  What was I thinking?  I should have gone in there a loooooong time ago!  Great, delicious food!  As a 'thermometer on the quality of food, we tried the "Chili Log Fries", aka Chili Fries.  I'm not even a chili lover... but I loved these!  Way better than a comparable establishment's 'Oxtail Chili Fries' (which were featured on Diners, Drive-ins & Dives).  I would HIGHLY recommend this cafe.  Very cute interior design... nice atmosphere... excellent food.  I'm going back to try breakfast!
In my quest for obscure, off-the-strip locations, along comes a recommendation from a former colleague to try out a no-name place by the name of Wine 5 Café. He described it as a Kenyan/American fusion restaurant, and claimed an amazing burger and 'transcendent' chili fries. It's a bit far from where I make my rounds these days, but a recent commitment brought me towards the north-west part of town and I finally made my visit. Was it as good as he claimed?

Wine 5 is located in a crummy strip mall in not the best looking parking lot, but don't let the exterior fool you as it almost did us: the restaurant is clean and quaintly decorated. There are a number of 4 top tables in the middle, and a few booths to the side that are decorated like they're on someone's front porch. The rest of the walls around the restaurant look like the front facades of small houses as well, almost like a mini version of some themed casino you'd find on the strip, but more tolerable. The menu has some great sounding items, it looks a bit heavy on the breakfast items but there seems to be lots of good choices. I'll have to come back to try some of the Kenyan-influenced dishes, as I was there on this day to try one of their 'flat burgers'.

And flat this wasn't; my Jetpack burger came out and this thing was absolutely huge. Topped with avocado, grilled sweet onions, spicy butter pickles, lettuce and tomato, this thing was stacked to the top of my knife it was presented with. The bun was crispy and flakey on the outside, yet soft and gooey on the inside. The meat had good flavor, although maybe not the best quality ever; it wasn't the best beef flavor, but more like your standard pre-made patty. The onions had amazing sweet flavor and were the star of the burger. The pickles were more like flavored cucumbers but totally delicious and something I need to emulate at home. The avocado disappeared in the burger but was a good touch when I came across it in a few bites. The tomato was slightly grilled but still hard and fresh; it seemed almost uncooked despite the grill marks, but was quite good. This burger was not at all what I had been anticipating based on the location or menu description, but ended up being a fantastic surprise.

The fries came out very late as I believe they were forgotten at first, but were extremely good as well. They were thicker like steak fries, coated with a combo of celery salt and other seasonings. Like most steak fries a majority were crunchy and cooked well as I like, with a few soggy ones mixed in. A side of fries is definitely enough for two, as they are served in a very large bowl.

My girlfriend had the Exception, which is a red wine and spiced braised burger, with cheddar cheese, grilled tomato slices, onions and lettuce. It had very similar flavoring to mine; the additional treatment to the patty made for some nice complexity to the flavor, but I felt it was missing my excellent pickles. Even though it is a bit out of the way from us, I can't wait to go back and try a few more of their selections, and I'm very curious to see what they do with their smoked bacon. Their burgers range from $7.95-8.95, with the fries at $2.95 for a heaping serving, all very worth it. We didn't get to try the chili fries during this visit either, but you can be I'll be back soon to try those as well.
wow!  this place is a real surprise. I ordered a great salad that came with a tortilla with cheese  the waitress asked if I wanted chicken on the side I said sure.  I expected the usual grilled dry chicken breast, what came was a great tasting warm chicken dish with tomatoes and great african spices.
this place is in a margimal location and needs to work on marketing their menu better but what a find, definitely worth the trip .
I was really excited to try this restaurant because it is really close to my house. I wanted it to be good, but...

I walked in the door at 630pm, and was not handed a menu for about 20 minutes. At the time I was handed my menu, I ordered a glass of wine...AT A WINE BAR...and that took about 30 minutes.

I dine in large groups often. And, it is not unusual for the service to be slower than usual. However, this experience took slow to a new level!! And, it is the reason I gave this review 2 stars instead of 4.

I ordered the ribeye which came with veggies, mashed potatoes, a unique sort of fried bread, and a cabernet sauce. It was all delicious, but not hot.

I, also, ordered the Churro split. It is basically a banana split creation with grilled pineapples, bananas, churros, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce. It was beautiful, but everything was out of a can...the fruit, the whipped cream...nothing was made in house, and you could tell.

Overall, the food was good, not great.

I feel like the bulk of my issues were because I was in a group, and this restaurant was NOT prepared for it at all. I might give this place another shot with just my husband and I to try to get a better feel for the place. If I do, I will update this review.
Came early on a weeknight and immediately dug the intimate, friendly vibe of this place. We were the only 2 people in the joint when we walked in, which was nearly full when we left.

The "Taste of Nairobi" chicken curry was like a soup - in a great way - with whole chicken pieces (2 drumsticks and a thigh) and fresh fall veggies (carrots, squash, green beans), and beautiful on the plate. The huge bowl of curry was accompanied by a raft of chapati (African flat bread) and a side of deliciously-spiced greens. The chef knows how to use spices here! Each dish on our table was a unique, African flavor experience.

Decent little wine list, with many South African choices, and the waiter was generous with his pours (single glass for $8 was actually a carafe). Very reasonable prices for food and wine of this quality - I'll be back!
The last thing I expected to be doing this morning was writing a yelp review....but....I was so moved by my dining experience last night that...here I am.  I actually do  consider myself a middle-aged foodie because I love to eat and since I've been doing it for so long I am very qualified in this area.  I've traveled the world and have eaten in some of the finest restaurants in Italy, Greece, Spain, Las Vegas and California's wine country.  Ok, enough about me.  My husband had heard a commercial on the radio for Wine 5 Cafe and came home, brought up the menu online and looked at me and said "it's not far from here, let's try it".   So, on an ordinary Tuesday evening we set out from our Northwest Vegas home and drove about 10 minutes to this quaint and friendly store-front.  I knew the strip mall and personally wasn't expecting much.  But "date-night" on a Tuesday sounded spontaneous. The restaurant looked empty from outside and, again, I immediately thought this isn't good.  As we walked in we saw only one occupied table with about 7 other guests.  We were immediately greeted by our hostess/waitress who proceeded to ask us where we'd like to sit (table or booth) and she brought us to our booth.  The menu starts at breakfast continues through lunch and then dinner.  I immediately took in our surroundings which were quite quaint, simple and clean.  I took in the wait staff (our waitress) and I could also see into the kitchen.  From my point-of-view it seems like this is a mom n pop set up but I'm not sure.  I always like to try to support locally small businesses.  The menu explained that they are an American Kenyan infused restaurant and I was immediately intrigued.  I'll be honest, I only looked at the dinner entrees and when I saw catfish I knew that's what I wanted.  My husband ordered the rib-eye with mashed potatoes and veggies (asparagus, carrots and green beans).  My fried catfish fillets came with a choice of mashed potatoes or rice and a suprisingly terrific side of sauteed spinach that was absolutely delicious.  The portions were more then generous and my husbands med-rare steak was actually med-rare! We love wine but as our son tells us....we're wine snobs.  I don't think so and can usually always find a wine to order.  I had a glass of a red blend of Bogle, again surprisingly good.  My husband had a cab but wasn't so thrilled.  I saw our waitress opening fresh bottles, also a good sign. My husband devoured his steak and I delved into my plate of two catfish fillets, mashed potatoes, fried sweet-potatoe fries and a large serving of steamed spinach, along with a serving of tartar sauce.  I was in heaven, I loved the spinach and had a hard time moving on from that.  The waitress came by and asked if I'd like some home-made hot sauce and I said most definitely.  This is what I used gingerly with the fish and not the tartar sauce. Don't get me wrong everything was seasoned perfectly but I never pass on hot sauce. It was hot and a nice compliment to my fish.  I was only able to eat half of my plate but I insisted on taking every last bit home for my lunch today - can't wait! Our waitress, who, by the way, was very friendly and extremely attentive.  She checked on us many times wanting to know what we thought of everything but wasn't at all annoying.  She asked if we were interested in seeing the dessert  menu and, after reading a review of the restaurant that happened to be right about our booth, we said sure, bring it on.  I eat almost anything and everything so I deferred to my husband to decide on a shareable dessert.  I had already seen what I wanted, a nutella dessert which luckily the waitress recommended and we decided to splurg on.  WOW, so delicious, so perfectly sweet and yet not too sweet. It was a sugared french toast with nutella and sliced bananas in-between, 4 small dollops of vanilla ice cream on top with a few slices of fresh strawberry.  This was the perfect end to a near-perfect dinner.  I'm hoping that this small establishment, that's been there for about a year and a half, is busier on the weekends then our quiet Tuesday evening.  They are a small gem in an area of Las Vegas (northwest) that truly needs one!  My husband and I joke all the time that since we've moved here from CA about 3 years ago that we don't have "go-to" restaurant, you know a place that no matter what your mood or what time of day you know you can go there and get a good meal at a reasonable price (an they are priced reasonably!).  Well, we both said to each other as we were leaving....maybe this is the go-to restaurant that we've been searching for.  We will be back and we will bring friends and family Please give them a try too, you'll be pleasantly satisfied! P.S. the whole menu is extremely reasonably priced, another great surprise!
I was there for a Xmas party and I thought the food was very interesting. The wait staff is amazing. Very knowledgable and attention.  The Fusion works. The band?! If I had told somebody I would be rocking to Frank Sanatra and eating Kenyan/American food I would've laughed at it, but it works.  Somehow.  Lots of classy people there. Singing eating and great atmosphere.  I will try to russle up a date and go back.
I'm so full! And yes, it's the following day.

Coming in to last night's dinner, I was looking forward to trying their curry. I pretty much love curry of all kinds and with a name like "The Taste of Nairobi," how could you not be intrigued? But Jieun wanted to try the curry, so I let her order that and I looked for something else that sounded interesting. I had settled on the "Traditional Nayama and Ugali" since it was something I had never even heard of before. But then Sun ended up ordering that. Long story short, the waiter recommended the "Nairobi Pork Chops" and that's what I went with.

Holy crap did we end up with a ton of food on the table. Absolutely everything was delicious. The curry was curry--nothing too amazing--but it was delicious all the same. Being a complete fatty, I love how it comes with bone-in dark chicken meat. Sun's Nayama and Ugali had an interesting flavor and I would have been very satisfied if that was the dish in front of me. But I think I might have to go with the pork chops as being my favorite of the three. The pork was tender and juicy and everything that surrounded it (veggies, mashed potatoes, gravy, greens, and garlic mini bread thingy) just combined to deliver an extremely satisfying and comforting experience. Best of all, my dish was the cheapest of the trio.

Next time, in the interest of preventing me from getting even fatter, I think we will split an entrée and perhaps try an appetizer. Seriously, the portions are humongous. I suppose the entrées at Wine 5 are perfect for taking home leftovers. The thing is, I'm never good at portion control when the food is this outstanding.

p.s. Check in on Yelp and get a complimentary glass of house wine (or a fountain beverage).
Huge portions for a great price.  Two people can probably share a meal and be satisfied.  The Taste of Nairobi was delicious as well as their Nairobi tacos.  Now, this was my first exposure to this type of food, so I can I speak to its authenticity.  However, the flavor and value was certainly there.
It's a small restaurant, but it makes you feel adventurous and at home simultaneously. I loved the Sweet Goblet and the nayama and ugali entree. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to try something new! I'm going back soon to try their breakfast menu :)
Large portions so bring an appetite.  Grt South African wines. Window in to the kitchen to watch the chefs work. Very friendly wait staff.  Everything about this place was done well and the prices were very reasonable for the quality of the food.
First time there. Our waitress Vinci was knowledgeable & fun. The food was amazing but huge portions, suggest sharing. Definitely get the samosas. Nice organic wine selection.
This is a hidden gem! It is in a strip center, but once you are inside, you forget that. It is quaint, cozy and clean!  The food is fresh, fresh, fresh! The portions are so generous and the flavors are like nothing you have ever tried.  The mixed grill has full portions of four different meats, the burgers are masterpieces and the appetizers...amazing....even the coffee is excellent! They have had entertainment every time I have been there.  You will not be disappointed in this superb restaurant!
I saw this cute little spot tucked in the target parking lot one day and I knew I had to try it. My sister and I gave it a try today and LOVED it!  The staff was amazing and the food was wonderful!  I would Definitely go back.
OH WINE 5 how  i love thee?! aw man this place is incredible!! seriously, one of my favorite new places in las vegas, I mean listen to the waitress she knows what she is talking about. I will leave with one simple word SAMOSAS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Really was looking forward to something different and wonderful based on all the reviews.... I was incredibly disappointed!
The service was horrible.  Understaffed, no knowledge of the menu, didn't check back with us, etc...
The food - was mediocre at best.  Everything tasted the same.  My steak was almost mooing when I ordered it medium, but since the server never came back to check on me, I couldn't tell her...  
Definitely disappointed to say the least!!!
Interesting breakfast with a flair from Kenya.  The great burrito is my daughter's favorite.  The smell of the waffles is wonderful but its arrival prove otherwise.  Try the Kenyan ginger tea!  Slow service with each meal prepared fresh for the customer.
This little gem has tasty food and a great wine list.  The inside looks like a little town or something, it is very unique. 

Kids are okay to bring...a great place to take them to get a good meal.

I had the pork in brown gravy, my wife had the steak platter.  The portions are generous and the taste is memorable.  

So, the churro sundae for desert gave me sweet memories.  I would go back just to have that.
this place is a true gem 
kenyan fusion soul food
the breakfasts are so affordable and amazingly delicious
Excellent food. My aunt and I had breakfast. The Eggs were custardy soft and flavorful. My mother had the lamb chops and ate every last bite. We plan on returning with more family and friends.  I still haven't found a favorite dish here, but my Aunt insists on giving the restaurant 5 stars.
Went here based on yelp reviews. I had the liver (okay not most people's favorite, I like it). It was marvelous! The seasoning and vegetables were the best I've ever had.  My wife had the soup, salad, sandwich and said it was wonderful.  The desert was also great.  We had wonderful live entertainment as well.  The service was great - just right.  We'll be back.
Amazing food, you must try this place. We had a plate with all types of meats, seems to be the type of place that anything they make you will be happy with. Greatly recommended.
Absolutely our favorite breakfast place! Farmers Splendid special is the best. Everything we have had has been excellent..
We just finished breakfast and WOW! I highly encourage everyone to get out of their "breakfast rut" of bacon and eggs everyday (I know I was in one) and try some of their specialty breakfasts such as the farmers splendid and the southwest mayai!! Both were breakfast dishes with an ethnic twist. Breakfast here has motivated me to come back for lunch and dinner!!!
This little, unassuming hole-in-the-wall joint is delicious, comfy, and affordable. The menu offers mostly American food, with some Kenyan inspiration. I was hoping for straight up Kenyan fare when I came. And while there are only a few Kenyan dishes, none of the food letdown. The club sandwich (as much of a "club sandwich" as this place is a "wine cafe") has been ordered by someone in our group on both of my visits and has been the standout each time. Usually, a club sandwich being the choice order in a restaurant would be a signal of a lesser restaurant, but this is not the case here. The club is a phenom - the Yasiel Puig of sandwiches. The Kenyan dishes are tasty as well, as well as an interesting change of pace.

Now back to that name. Sure Wine 5 Cafe has wine, but it is a little misleading. It would be like calling McDonalds: Soda Pop 11 Eatery. This is a laid-back, no-frills restaurant. The decor looks handmade, and that is part of its charm. Wine 5 feels like a family-owned restaurant opened by people (or person?) who really want you to enjoy some great food, while maybe sitting back and consuming a glass of their eponymous juice.
Thought Kenyan food would be very different. Came by for a late lunch on a random day after consulting Yelp for a place to go. I would really say 3.5 stars but the server was very nice so it will be bumped to 4 stars. A quiet afternoon.

Started with the log fries. Wow! The portion was huge! And the potatoes were crispy and loaded. Delicious. And for my main dish, I got a sandwich, which was also a very large portion but nothing outstanding about it. And the bf got a burger. Good food, but seemed pretty American style, didn't see the Kenyan influence to it. Didn't enjoy any wine though, and I guess that is why I don't see the rave about this place.

Got the Churro thingy for dessert. Yum. Love churro and the mix of the fruits and ice cream with it was a good finish to the meal. Great little place with good service.
We ordered chili cheese fries, chicken tacos (loved), and chicken salad po boy sandwich. All of it was fabulous!!! Gave them 4 stars not 5 only because the wine wasn't fresh, definitely a day or two old, and the name of the place is Wine 5 Cafe. Wine should be on the top of their priority. 
Food was excellent. Fresh, good quality and flavor. Worth checking out!
Don't let the location (inside a strip mall) or the name fool you, this place was perfection.  Granted, the name does not inspire thoughts of yummy food made from scratch & honestly, the name of this place isn't doing it any favors.

I made a reservation for 6 for dinner last night.  I started with the Iceberg Array salad ( large enough for lunch alone).  It was a yummy salad with sweet potatoes, grilled shrimp, corn, black beans, peanut chicken, tossed in a light creamy dressing, with shredded beets on top.  So good and refreshing.  For dinner, I kept it simple with the pork sandwich, stuffed with bits of roasted pork, bacon, caramelized onions, and sweet pickles.  Again, really good.  Everyone in my party loved what they had.  Not a complaint to be found here.  Very reasonable prices, lovely decor, friendly and prompt wait staff.  

The portions are very generous and full of flavor.  I wish I lived in Vegas, just to come back here again!  

Dessert was amazing as well, I highly recommend the Chruuo Split, with churros, grilled pineapple, banana, strawberries, vanilla ice cream and pecans, maybe one of the best desserts I've had the pleasure to enjoy.  We also ordered the Strawberry Shortcake for four (picture posted), which was heavenly.

Please go here and give these lovely people your business, it is unique, yummy and blew me away.
What a wonderful  hidden gem. The food is amazing here, so fresh and expertly prepared and beautifully presented. The Kenyans bring pita bread to a whole new level. We had the Iceberg Array Salad and the Mixed Grill..delicious. Someone had the Pork sandwich with bacon,caramelized onions and bread and butter pickles...so good. You have to get the Churro Split.. One of the best desserts I have ever eaten. Our server was so lovely and knowledgeable. A very special dining experience. I highly recommend.
Oh. My. 

I've been wanting to try this place for a while, but couldn't sell the spousal unit on African fusion food.  Finally I sold it as a new sandwich place (I felt bad at first) and we were both glad we came here! 

We called ahead and reserved a booth (easier to corral the wee one than at a table) and it was waiting for us when we got there.  It is nicely decorated and cozy; you can almost forget it's in a strip mall.

We had the samosa appetizer (the hubs was skeptical, but it was delicious!), W5C Mixed Grill (which was a sampler of pork, beef, salmon, and shrimp with some awesome veggies and rice), and the Taste of Nairobi (like a whole chicken... maybe half in super yummy curry and chapati--a tortilla-like bread).  You can pick how intense you want the spice level (we opted for medium, which was yummy  but we might go for a little spicier next time).  The portions are large, we ended up taking a lot of food home.

Also, the menu accomodates picky eaters with more traditional American dishes and there is a kid's menu.  There is something for everyone here!

Our waitress was so friendly and made some really great recommendations.  

And don't forget, they offer a free glass of wine with a Yelp check-in!
Very glad we found this place! 
Nice range of meals in our group we had: your std eggs and bacon, heart healthy option with oatmeal and egg whites, the waffle with eggs and bacon and the Nairobi farmers special. All were delicious and good sized portions. Friendly service.
Very, very good breakfast! I had the Chef's omelet and it was awesome! It was so much food I had to take some home. Friendly staff and efficient service.
What a fantastic start of an evening for my wife's birthday! This place is located at a shopping center with huge parking.

As soon as you step inside, you would think you are in a restaurant somewhere in a city of Europe. The interior decor is absolutely stunning. The tables are close to each other ( I mean this in a good way.), there is a brick wall with window near the kitchen, booth seats are private and comfy, and the walls are decorated with such a detail that you would think you are in Italy or something. 

The food took about 45 minutes to come out,   we ordered seafood pasta and seared salmon. The presentation is gorgeous with perfect portions. Our seafood pasta seemed like it had more seafood than the pasta, and the best tasting salmon I ever had. Basically this place is 5 star restaurant quality and service for $$ price. 

Complimentary strawberry shortcake for my wife's birthday was very well appreciated and along with the birthday song. The smile on my wife's face was priceless and that makes me a happy man.
Can't say enough good things about this place. Mellow atmosphere, interesting and exciting choices, knowledgeable waitstaff, and fabulously executed food. I left the table feeling satisfied, cared for, and respected as a diner. It's shocking how many restaurants in this town manage to miss the mark. Not this one! The care and thought that went into the dishes was quite obvious. We'll be back!
The food is good, but the times we've been here and had questions, the servers have never known how to explain items on the menu or even what's in it. When we ask, 'How would you explain Kenyan food?' Our waiter responded, 'Uhhh...it's similar to American food.' When we asked, 'What is Menudo,' he just froze up like a deer in headlights until one of us looked it up and said, 'I think that's stomach.'

The servers are nice and the atmosphere is quiet and intimate.  Unfortunately, they just don't train their staff well enought to know their product.
Don't judge a book by its cover! 
My husband and I dined at Wine 5 Cafe after finding it using a Yelp search. I have to admit that  I was dubious as we pulled up, given that the restaurant is located in a strip mall and the restaurant was quite empty. But I'm glad we stayed as this place is a true treasure (and one that we will visit again --very soon).  The inside decor is quite cute and has the feel of a French bistro. The waiter was very attentive but not intrusive.  
I had the curry (Taste of Nairobi), which came with a very generous portion of chapati bread and a side of  spinach stew (sauteed spinach with onions).  The curry was light (very little coconut milk, if any) and contained three huge pieces of chicken, potatoes, fresh green beans, carrots, and squash.  The portion size was generous and I took more than half of the curry home.  
My husband had the Traditional Nayama and Ugali (Tender Braised Beef, White Polenta, Spinach Stew, Onion Jam, and Sweet Potato Logs).  The beef was tender and well seasoned, cooked to perfection.  The spinach stew was great, seasoned with big chunks of onion).  The sweet potato logs were fresh, well seasoned, and crisp, without being greasy or heavy.  The onion jam (which I had never before tasted) was amazing.  The polenta was bland.  But the waiter quickly informed us that you're supposed to mix everything together.  Again, I was dubious, but it worked and the end result was amazing.  
Also, my husband likes a lot of spice.  While the restaurant does not have hot sauce, the chef prepared homemade hot sauce for my husband, which he added to his food. 
The only recommendation I have is that if you want some of the traditional Kenya dishes, such as goat or oxtail, you should dine early.  My husband initially asked for goat, but he was told they were out.  
Again, a wonderful place- amazing food, generous portions, great ambiance, good service.
I went to dinner last night for my birthday with my husband, son and granddaughter. I wanted to try something different so we went to Wine 5 Cafe on Tenaya & Cheyenne. I had the Nairobi Pork Chops with Red Onion and Royco Gravy. DELICIOUS!! I even ate the cooked spinach. I have never liked cooked spinach!! The portions are good size. For my birthday, they served a complimentary strawberry shortcake dessert and sang Happy Birthday in Swahili! It was beautiful. I will be eating there again. Next time, I hope my mom and brothers will be able to join us!
My last review of Wine 5 Cafe was for a restaurant that had the same name, but a different menu and vibe of today's.  Gone is the Italian guy and the continental menu, and in is the African touch.  Though we liked it then, we hadn't been back; we returned this time after reading a glowing review of the place in our Zip Code magazine and checking the latest Yelp star rating.  And it didn't disappoint!

We were dismayed to walk in at about 7:30 pm on a Tuesday and find that we were the only ones there.  I felt bad using our Yelp check-in offers of a glass of wine.  Well, apparently not bad enough :).

Service by our waiter, Robert, was excellent and efficient.  We shared the samosa appetizer - two giant samosas with cups of red hot sauce for spicing it up.  Delicious, though not the absolutely best I've ever had.  We also shared the Nayama and Ugali main course and loved it, though I'm still incredulous that the sweet potato logs were really sweet potatoes and not yucca.  I like yucca more than sweet potatoes, so they were great.  Lots of polenta, slightly chewy but flavorful beef, and a wonderful spinach stew that could have used a lighter hand with the salt rounded out this balanced and colorful dish. 

With its pretty and eclectic decor, this is a lovely, refined space that's not usually found in strip malls in the nabes, and the prices are more in keeping with what locals expect away from the Strip, i.e., reasonable!  I sure hope our dining à deux experience was an aberration, because Wine5 Cafe deserves to be full every night, even on Tuesdays.
I was excited to try this cute little place. The entrees took so long to arrive, and when they did it was a bit sad. My meat was so dry and the pasta my better half ordered was just hard to describe. There weren't many there when we were there, so I'm not quite sure what took so long. It just wasn't very appetizing. Bummed.
Came in for a birthday dinner on a Sunday evening. We had wonderful food and the service was great. 
Would highly recommend and will be returning sometime soon.
Our order was taken 16 min after being seated. Our food arrived 26 min after ordering. The eggs look like they were cooked on a dirty grill. Our server had no idea which orders went to which table. There was one other employee ordering the one server around and not really helping so we couldn't blame our server. My medium well steak was medium rare. Pretty much everything that can go wrong with the restaurant went wrong.
The Samosas were excellent!  Great food, big portions you won't go hungry!  Inexpensive prices.
Everyone must try this place at least once.  It was one of the most unique, tasty, and interesting dinners we have had. 
Believe the other reviewers; the samosa appetizer is PHENOMENAL! I could have made a meal of them.  We were a party of 4, so asked to dine family style-waiter agreed that was a good idea. Our 4 entrees could have fed 8! Best was the Traditional Nayama and Ugali. A wonderfully seasoned 'chicken stew' traditional in Kenya. Excellent balance of spice and sweet with a wonderful mix of flavors. Two dishes came with spinach - one of our group called the spinach 'green crack.' I found it too salty however, and I love spinach. Taste of Nairobi is also a must order; no leftovers for that dish. Other 2 dishes were surprisingly unique in flavor - pork chop and (spicy) grilled shrimp. Everything had an excellent and unique sweet/spicy flavor a la Kenyan spices. Available wines paired well with the dishes. 
Nothing seemed overpriced. The owner/chef even visited our table, perhaps because we were there until 10:30 (they closed at 9). We will be going back to this hidden gem! We were there on a Thursday and the place was empty, what is wrong with you people!
My review is based on an experience with what has to be the worst service I have ever received. I am honestly not sure if the server was on medication or not, because her attitude and overall demeanor could not have been natural. 

The menu is not particularly descriptive, so I asked our server if an omelet meal had any meat in it. She wandered over to the host stand to procure her own menu, read the item, and said "it doesn't say." I asked if she could confirm with the chef when placing the order - if it did, I would pick something else off the menu. She goes back and we don't see her for another 30 minutes, so I figure the meal was meat free. 

Our food shows up, and 3 of the 4 things on my plate have meat in them, which I discovered upon taking my first bite. I call her over and ask what happened, as we had talked about this very issue, and her response was "oh, I didn't realize you didn't want meat."

Normally, I am not super aggressive and I generally let things slide, but this was such a complete lie that I pressed on. I asked if she really didn't remember me asking if there was meat, her walking over to read a menu, having a discussion, and actual next steps with regards to kitchen communication. She just stood there and shrugged. 

I try not to be an annoying diner, and I'm not exceptionally picky. I just don't eat meat - I was clear about that, I think we had communicated that, and somehow, she just didn't give an eff about providing good service. I don't like to speculate, but I honestly think she might have been high, for all the awareness she had.

She grabbed my plate and wandered back off to the kitchen without really saying anything, while my dining companion was left watching his breakfast get cold. At this point, we had been sitting there for over 40 minutes. A little while later, she brings out the same meal - omelet now sans bacon, but two of the three additional components removed, as apparently those had meat in them as well. But still charged full price for the entire meal, despite not receiving most of it. 

Honestly, at that point I just didn't care. We had noticed the manager of the place asked if she should come talk to us - apparently we didn't rank, as no one else ever did. Since we knew we'd never be back, it didn't seem worth escalating the piss poor service, especially if it was clear people were aware of it and took no action. We scarfed down what we could and left. All in all the food wasn't bad, but the lack of service and communication just made the entire experience miserable. 

This happened in mid-summer 2013, and I'm still annoyed enough about it to post a review now. What would have been a fantastic go-to place around the corner from home became an annoyance every time we drove past. Zero stars if I could, and I hope that lady doesn't work there anymore.
So it was ethnic cleansing day at work, a day where we can venture off and try something novel and diverse.  First on the list was proposed by the resident foodie queen at HQ, and I must say, she knows her spots.

It is abnormally windy and gloomy in LV today, so what better way to brighten things up than some Kenyan grinds?!?  Upon entry, the waitress explained to is that it would be an abnormally long wait, which was concerning considering I had prior engagements.  We were later told that much of the staff called in sick and the long wait was primarily due to the party of 20+ heads that got there right before us.  not a good sign since I was sort of in a rush.

The ambiance was kinda bizarre.  I wasn't quite sure what to make of it.  The only thing that I could attribute to the African culture was the quirky little aardvark utensil holders, otherwise, it was a word mixture of accents that reminded me more of an small town style American restaurant.  There were even encased decisions resembling a window where those inside appeared to be looking in a saloon of some sort, idk, like I said it was weird.  Not too mention all the art was of white people...no offense, but white peeps from 1920 Europe or something.  Things that make you go hmmm.

On another note, the kitchen on the other hand was open and put the meal preparations on full display.  You could see how each meal was whipped up right before your eyes.  The wait was not nearly as long as the waitress initially stated.  I got the Samosa that tasted kinda line Filipino relleno in an empanada, not bad, especially for an appetizer.  My buddy got the amped burger, another got the the omelet sandwich and another with the ginormous chili cheese fries.  Everything was amazing, but far from Kenyan...unless you count my thoughts of running a cross country marathon after having consumed all the rich foods here.  Still worth a try, you won't be disappointed.
Really quite special.  A great neighborhood restaurant with a unique twist of the culinary delights of Africa.  Something different, great quality, reasonably priced, nice staff.  We will be back.
Just love this restaurant. The café, staff and food are all outstanding. This is the place for breakfast in the North. They do it right here. I can't wait to try lunch and dinner. Keep up the great work.
I love this place so much! Definitely a hidden gem. Had never tried Kenyan food before and was feeling adventurous so I gave it a shot and I loved it. I ended up bringing my sister for her birthday and she loved it just as much. Great service and very reasonably priced considering the portions are rather large. Can't wait to come back.
Awesome service. Taste of Nairobi is one of the best meals I've ever had. It's a must-have! I am confused though that a place called Wine 5 Cafe serves African food... who would ever know that upon first impression?
Slightly above average. Not as many authentic menu items as I thought there would be. The menu description would be better classified as American or American southern. 

The decor was very nice and staff was super courteous. 

The food was good but nothing super exceptional, however, the strawberry shortcake is the only thing to bump this from 3 stars to 4.
The food here is AMAZING!!! The portions are huge, the service is great and everything is carefully prepared, not thrown together like some other places. 

I've been here quite a few times in the past year and even had my birthday brunch here a couple months ago. It's a small quaint restaurant tucked into the Target plaza. They have great customer service and a large variety of American and Kenyan infused dishes. I'm a huge fan and I'm always bringing my friends and family here and they never disappoint. 

I highly recommend it to everyone! Great food, great prices and nice people! What more do you need !! :)
Came here based on Yelp, and we were the only ones there on a friday night. The food was delicious, and the service was on point. I had a glass of Moscato, and the Amped Burger, amazing. My wife had the alfredo and she loved it. The veggies that came with my burger were truly fantastic. We had a great time.
Please don't let the location turn you away. Wine 5 is one of the finer restaurants in Las Vegas. The food is amazing And the portions are generous. We have only been there for dinner, but can highly recommend the Taste of Nairobi, the pork chops, and the Kenyan meat extravaganza (sorry - forgot the name of it.) Such a great variety and the food is gourmet with a beautiful presentation and a fair price. 

The decor is very cute and the service is excellent and leisurely. I cannot say enough good things about Wine 5. They aren't usually busy, which is too bad. It certainly isn't a reflection on the restaurant or the food or service. I think the name is confusing because it doesn't mention Kenyan food or fine dining. Try it and you'll keep coming back.
We looked for a nice (new) restaurant for dinner. there are a lot of hits and misses when trying to find a new place. So I fund this one on yelp and it is definitely a hit.
The atmosphere was nice inside and the service was very good. We came for dinner and the place was almost empty.Their menu is a little hard to understand but the waiter offered to explain it to us. I had the Nairobi pork chops and my wife had the Philly cheese stake sandwich. Both dishes were delicious and big portions. The pork chops prepared with authentic flavors. We definitely will go back there and may bring company with us.
Rich, our server was very friendly and inviting. The food has a wonderful exotic taste and I can't wait to try their breakfast!
FYI, the prices listed on the menu linked to this profile are lower than what is on the menu at the restaurant. The burgers average about .50 and higher. The hickory loaded for example is really 9.79. Otherwise great food.
Normally our family is extremely mainstream when it comes to eating, so when they suggested we try their new favorite local restaurant serving Kenyan food, i was shocked! Went here on Saturday night about 8:30, there was no one else there, so no waiting! Party of 5, two had burgers, one steak sandwich, one Cojita salad, and one appetizer that was 2 triangles filled with beef and vegetables, fried.  I have to say each of our dishes were excellent! I can't remember all the names because of the Kenyan titles, but nobody was disappointed whatsoever. The menu choices are a blend of Kenyan dishes, but also includes their twist on Traditional American faire like burgers, sandwiches, salads, etc. there are a couple vegetarian choices.

The waiter was super attentive and very friendly. The ambience was very cute, and traditionally decorated with Kenyan/African style knick knacks. The only criticism I might add was that it was quite dark, but it sure felt cozy. 

I strongly recommend this small, local restaurant. The food we tried competes with any of the chic places downtown or on the strip, is a great price, and a true hidden gem!
Just from walking into this place, you can already tell you're gonna be fat and happy at the end of this fiesta. 
We got lucky and found this place as we were driving through Las Vegas. Wish I lived here now. Never had such gourmet food for this kind of pricing. It's all incredible. The food has an average wait time, and the place is pretty cozy. Don't worry about what to order, it all comes from incredible chefs that know how to cook food.
Passing thru Las Vegas and spending the nite, we tried the Wine 5 Cafe for dinner and it was so good on all counts we came back for lunch before leaving the next day. Everything is done and serves beautifully, from the Kenyan chicken curry with chapati to the smoked turkey sandwich with cranberry mayo. Wines are also decent. Service good. You can't go wrong with this wonderful fusion food!
Visiting from out of town and went to this place.  Menu is crazy diverse.  We are vegetarian and although the menu doesn't look vegetarian friendly, they adapted meals for us. We got the chicken Alfredo without meat. It has a tomato cream sauce that was very filling. Excellent service. The house wine was amazing.
My absolute favorite taco shop. My brother and his high school friends got me hooked. It is a weird location, totally unexpected for good Mexican food. Filiberto's is a mile north, but this is definitely the place to go. New and definitely does not look authentic, but anything with steak is delicious! The only con is that it is not open 24/7.

In short: Great Mexican food at a cheap price. Best taco shop in town.
Love this place.  I go once a week. It is the best of the "fast" Mexican food restaurants.  You will never go to X-bertos again. And to comment on the other reviewer, I have been here well over 20 times.  Never once had cold beans.
Good mexican fast food, filaberto's doesn't even compare
I seriously love Los Fav's- I eat there at least three times a week, usually at the Ellsworth and Main location but I've been to McQueen. Their beans are exceptional, especially when compared to Filiberto's. Another positive is that they ALWAYS get my order right, unlike the Filiberto's just down the road. My mom and I always get sides of guac and it always impresses. We usually call in and pick up so I don't have much to say about the "dining in" experience, but it's clean (but not in that "smells-like-Pine-Sol-and-ammonia" way) and pretty much looks like your standard taco shop.
I have found that this little taco shop has the best fish tacos and burritos in the area. Would recommend for those who enjoy tacos and breakfast burritos!
The best breakfast burrito period, this is the best Los favs in phx.
California carne asada burro! Nom nom nom nom. I eat here at least once/wk and the people are nice, the prices are fantastic and if they delivered to local businesses they'd get 5/5. They seem to have a staff that operates on a higher level than most fast food places & I haven't gone wrong w/ tacos and other burritos here either.
Los Favoritos has been my GO-TO place for breakfast burritos for years, but this new location has made it a lunch favorite too.

The restaurant itself is simple inside. A dozen tables and an ordering counter make-up the dining area. The staff is super friendly. As for the food, it is consistently good. My group usually gets some combination of the rolled tacos, carne asada fries, California carne burrito, and beef taco w/ enchilada combo. They always come out fast, with your choice of red or green sauce (both are super tasty).

Like I said before, the star of the show has to be the breakfast burrito. Nothing can beat the warm tortilla loaded with bacon, eggs, potatoes, and cheese. For the money, there is not a better value in town.
If there was an award for best breakfast burritos in the world, these guys win!
Pretty darn good! I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was spotless. I was promptly greeted by the cashier behind the counter. They have a picture menu to make the ordering process easier. I had the machaca plate for about $7 it was freshly made and served with a warm tortilla. The beans and rice were okay but were easily elevated with salsa. I'll be back here soon to sample the rest of the menu.
Order off the menu, its amazing if you do. If you ask for ANYTHING out of the ordinary, like no cheese (because your allergic) or guacamole CHECK CHECK CHECK before you leave, I hate sending things back, but with allergies it can't be helped.  I went back several dozen times (various times for dinner (My guy loves it), everything if ordered exactly as the menu was always good and everyone was always really happy, except those with special requests. I wouldnt have returned after the second time if my guy and his friends didnt love it, it was almost always my food they messed up or something that one of our friends was okay with having messed up. I think that the fact that there was always a language barrier (YES, always) makes it harder. So, great food. But I no longer go, and havent in more than a year because my guy had the same bad experience that I did, repeatedly. (They did get my order right, 3 times out of approximately 28-30 visits. Also the cashier would check and on 4 other occasions made the cook fix the screw up, but the other food got cold while I waited at their insistance because it wasnt done correctly to begin with.)

~~~EDIT~~~
Went last week after ages of not having been. everything I GOT was right, I had her check before I left. Though I was shorted 2 chicken tacos. I would have noticed but there were two wrapped tortillas for other meals and I thought they were the tacos. 

Its a disappointment. The food is so good, why can't they EVER get my food right.
Awesome little place! Been searching for a great place to get a breakfast burrito. Stopped in a got a ham burrito and was not disappointed. Great Prices and good food. Will go back to try California Carne Asada.
Found out about this place recently from Yelp and decided to check ti out. So far i've tried 6 items on the menu and the best so far is the Carne Asada Tacos and Chicken  Enchilada they are the bomb! . The salsa is so fresh you can taste everything.
I stated eating at the Los Favoritos in Chandler about 7 years ago. Since that time, I have visited just about every restaurant in the valley and have found them to be consistently good. As with any chain, every once and a while you will get a bad meal but overall I cannot recommend a better place to get a breakfast burrito anytime of the day! Yes, they do serve other food but I have limited myself to the rolled tacos and breakfast burritos which, by the way, are big enough to squelch my hunger most of the day. I recommend the chorizzo, but your tastes may vary.
The best shrimp cocktail I've ever had. Prices are very affordable. The rolled tacos were not good at all. My husband had a california burrito and was not impressed, it didn't even have french fries in it. I probably would not eat from here again.
One of may favorite taco shops, and I have eaten a lot of Mexican food in my time! The owner and his employees are amazing people always provide excellent customer service. They've given me and my family/friends amazing service, fast, tasty, and sometimes free food. Thanks for the great shop guys, you'll see alot of me!
I have eaten at this place just about every other week!  It is consistently great!  Fresh and ready to go when you get there to pick it up.  They are friendly and very efficient.  Love this place!!!!  Thank you!
I love los favs!!! Always the bomb! I eat there like 3 or 4 times a week!
Local run taco shop, fantastic food, clean restaurant and the employees are always so nice and friendly. Its also conveniently located for me so I love it. I try not to have Mexican food too often but when I crave it I love coming here.
The burritos are amazing.  I especially like the breakfast burritos, they never disappoint. The only thing that is stopping me from giving them a 5 star rating is how long it takes for you to get your food.
I absolutely love the breakfast burritos. Especially the ham egg and cheese with potato it never disappoints. The only drawback is the three sauce maximum on to go orders. I love me some red sauce!!
Normally I have a good experience, but today I got two sausages breakfast burritos with wheat tortillas. Upon getting home I realized both tortillas were covered with mold. When I confronted the "manager" he mentioned that he had seen some with mold on them but continued to use them anyway. I was disgusted beyond belief.
I didn't have a life changing experience like most people claim with my burro (rice, bean, & cheese) but I appreciate the fact that the hot carrots I ordered were actually hot and not watered down. I also ordered an horchata and the cashier handed me an empty cup and apparently I had to fill up my own ice then hand it back to her so she can fill it up? Thought that was a little weird.
I've been here more than 20 times and the experience is always good.  If you want breakfast burritos for dinner - no problem.  Just ask.  If you want the stuff in the tortilla on a plate and have them HOLD the tortilla - just ask.  It will be done.  All beans and no rice - done.   All rice and no beans - done.  Whatever - they just roll with it - "yeah we can do that".  

Stand back and watch the family working with big pots of food and a flattop sizzling with seasoned meats and you know you're getting real food - freshly prepared - from recipes that have been around for a long time.  

I've never had a bad meal here.  It's priced right, fresh, quick, and the people running the place smile, say hello and genuinely seem like they want you to have a good experience.  That's not always the case these days.  So I will keep going back.
Best California Carne Asada burrito in town! I used to go to Burrito Express, now I go to both lol. Mostly here though. Came here for the first time, only got a carne asada burrito, came back a few weeks later to try the California Carne Asada, AMAZING. Also the Carne Asada Fries, wayyyy better than Filibertos or Amados. Once a week type place!
I was in the area this afternoon and wanted a quick nibble...

I knew there wouldn't be much around to eat so I hopped on Yelp to find something 

Los Fav and Subway were the only two things around... I wasn't sure if this was the same business as the Los Favs on Broadway near ASU main so I decided to check it out 

The lady that helped me with my order was very nice and knowledgable of the menu... Great enthusiasm! 

I walked in a looked at the menu, same business, so I ordered the daily special which consisted of (3) rolled tacos and a side of rice and beans

I like how they have the red and green sauce in the squeezy tubes... 

For $4 it was a good amount of food and it was yummy 

If I am ever in the area again, which I highly doubt, I will stop by... 

:)
Hot sauce is amazing. The cashiers have always been nice and the food is great. I've been to a few of their other locations and while the food is consistently good between locations, the service here is excellent. It's also really clean, which I think everyone appreciates! They seem to be cleaning every time I come by....
This place is great! I got the carne asada California and added bean and sour cream. It was a great burrito! Filibertos does not compare to this place. Go and find out for yourself. I dare you!
Very rustic and down home kind of pho, still really good
Server was not attentive. Waited 15 mins after eating n no check.  No water refills even when I placed my glass at edge of table. Food was decent but service was terrible.  20 mins now ...still waiting for my check. Where's my check. :(
It has been some time since I had visited this plaza. In between visits, the previous business had been replaced by Island. Looking over the menu and around the restaurant, not too much has changed. 

Wanting to break the monotony of the same cuisine with one of my friends, I had suggested coming here. The large restaurant was steady, but nowhere near full capacity. 

Both of us were hungry enough to get an appetizer to share, and individual entrees. To start, I had ordered the crispy pork intestines for us. They were not quite crispy, but they were melt in your mouth. Unlike most intestine I have had, this one was stuffed with green onions and then fried until the outer layer was golden brown like the skin of a roasted duck. The hoisin style and chili sauce complimented the meat while the pickled diakon and carrots helped cleanse the palate of greasy. I followed this up with the ginger scallion duck with rice. You can get a full order, for $12, but I don't think it comes with rice. Plus no matter how hungry I am, I couldn't eat a family portion on my own. So for $7-$8, it was a good serving. Now this is where Island started to lose me. The dish was rather bland. Normally I don't complain about that in Asian food, but with strong flavors such as ginger and scallions, it should be more prevalent and bold. The pieces of meat were the bonier pieces over the rib cage, so most of my time was spent picking off bits of meat. What I did get off of the bone was dry. My friend got the BBQ pork fried rice and Malaysian coffee. He seemed to be happy with his order. 

The food warrants three stars, but the service made me want to move it to a four. All the servers here were attentive to our water glasses and as soon as food was placed on the counter, it was moving towards a table. 

Like the previous review, make sure to bring cash, because cards are not accepted at the moment.
I've never had Malaysian food, so we walked in with no expectations. No clue if this is authentic, but seems like a toned down/less flavorful version of Thai. 

We were pretty overwhelmed by their huge menu of over 130 items. They have a regular menu with descriptions and also a binder with pictures. Kind of cute they have decent pics with little cliparts of whatever kind of animal meat is in it on the side. We would look at the descriptions then look up the pictures by #. This process took a long time and we ended up with #49 captains noodles and #70 Kari ayam.

Captains noodles is mixed flat and thin rice noodles w soy sauce, baby bok choy, chicken and shrimp. It was just ok, pretty bland but shrimp tastes fresh and the fried onions on top went really well somehow. I probably wouldn't order it again because of the blandness. The chicken curry was also bland and fyi they charge $1 for a small bowl of rice (which wasn't mentioned) but you have the choice of regular rice, chicken (cooked in broth) or coconut. I'm not a fan of Asian restaurants that charge for rice, especially not when they don't mention the charge up front. 

Mango sticky rice was good. A little different from Thai places in that they add coconut milk and sesame seeds. 

I'm open to trying this place again, maybe we just chose the wrong things. But this was a really underwhelming first impression. They do accept credit cards now, but not Amex.
This restaurant used to be called Penang. I think they just change their name after renovation. I mean all the staff are the same and the owner probably is the same, they just change the name.

The food and the menu seems the same. I mean they still have my favorite from yesteryear. The nasi lemak, the hainan chicken rice and the roti chanai.

All and all, I was pissed when they closed down for renovation, luckily I come back just in time to satisfy my nasi lemak craving. Next time I am gonna try some other stuff. Now that I live in Las Vegas, I can just keep coming back and try all their menu.
We were worried when we saw the Grand Opening sign.  I said, Uh Oh, our favorite place is gone.  Every time we visit Las Vegas, we spend most of our meals here- at this gem of Malaysian cuisine that we can't get as good anywhere else.  Serious!  Who would go anywhere 3 meals in a row unless they were nutz about the food?!

So this place used to be called Penang and we had been coming here for a few years.  We look forward to eating all the foods we can't get back home.  Despite the Grand Opening sign, we decided to try it out since we already had Malaysian food on our minds.  Low and behold, we walk in, and it's the same wait staff and chef with whom we were so familiar with.  Apparently the chef is now the owner (thought he was the owner before) so we were quite relieved!  We don't even know what their names are, but we are definitely their biggest fans.  When we show up, they already know which dishes we want.  Now that's personal service!

The restaurant is spacious, very clean and comfortable.  The wife of the chef is the waitress and she's warm and friendly!

Here's what we have and recommend.  By the way, they have 150 menu items and we said we'll try them all, eventually.  

Wine chicken soup:  Oooooh, just like how my mom used to make.  This is so amazing.  The flavors in each of their dishes is so delish!

Bak Kut Teh- Chinese Herbal soup.  I don't know if there are medicinal benefits to this soup, but it sure is yummy!

Satay tofu- tofu stuffed with beansprouts and peanuts with peanut dipping sauce.  Yum!

Roti telur- this homemade roti is stuffed with egg and onions and very tasty. 

Roti canai- light fluffy homemade pancake served with chicken curry sauce

Homemade tofu- love love love this dish.  So tasty!

Char kway teow- fried flat noodles kind of like chow fun, with shrimp and squid.

Clay pot noodles- crispy fried noodles with seafood in clay pot with sauce.

Pearl noodles- another dish just like how mom used to make.

Pangang stripe bass- this fish can be made any way and we chose this authentic malaysian dish steamed in banana leaf.

Chicken rice- this is so yummy and such a simple dish, and sooo yummy!

For dessert, we had mango and sticky rice and ice kachang which is like a malaysian snow cone with red beans, grass jelly, jelly, condensed milk, and corn.  Very yummy.

They also have crab if you order ahead of time and they can cook it any way you want.  

The only thing bad about this place is when we get home, we always gained weight, so exercise, here we come!  

Island Malaysian Cuisine is a MUST TRY if you enjoy malaysian food like we do (and I'm not even malaysian but I am a FOODIE)!  Trust me, this is authentic Malaysian Singaporean Chinese cuisine.  We hope to enjoy many more years of feasting here and trying everything on their extensive menu (with pictures too)!
Me and my coworkers went here lunch..It is quite specious and clean restaurant. We order Roti for appetizer's was quite good. There lunch portions are HUGE...couple of people can share one order and it should have been sufficient. 

I would love to come back here again.
Great food, friendly staff.. Im from Singapore and this is the closest I've gotten - foodwise.. Reasonable prices too! A MUST GO! they have a website too. http://islandmalaysiancuisine.weebly.com
Just glad we still have a descent malaysian restaurant around.  For those of you that remembered Banana Leave, it was my favorite malaysian place.  When it suddenly closed its doors I was emotionally  devasted  and have been searching for a new malaysian favorite. Island Malaysian has stepped up to fill that void.
Wow!  Island is so good; a bit of Malaysia & Singapore in Las Vegas!  Island is the same food as Penang.  The same owners with the same good food.  The decor has been updated with an island motif.
  
We tried a new dish - Stingray in curry - OMG! So tasty with the right amount of spice.  We ordered our old favourites - 1/2 order of Hainanese Chicken, Beef Rendang, Okra Belachan, Chicken rice and for dessert, we had the Ice Kachang.  We were also treated with a free Banana & Coconut pudding.  

Will be back for more!
Better than Penang.  Roti canai, one of my favorite dishes, hits the mark.
My boyfriend and I love this place! We are regulars now. The food there is delicious and the waitress is really nice.
First time trying Malaysian food with my boyfriend and I must say that food here is really good. We got the Kang Kung belacan along with whole grilled fish with shrimp paste sauce and dungeoness crab all the food that we got was really delicious. I will definitely come back here again.
Big fan of Malaysian food.  It's heavy, rich, and it's like morphing Chinese and Indian together.  

This place has a Cheesecake Factory-esque menu but at least they provide pictures of every item for any Malaysian virgin.   

The Roti Canai is crispy, flaky, and is the Malaysian equiivalent to Naan. They serve this alongside a small bowl of chicken curry although there are only just a few pieces.

I love the Hainanese Chicken and all the noodle dishes.  The vegetables (okra or ong choy)  in Belecan sauce makes eating veggies super easy....probably second to being fried for those who don't like veggies.

The fried salt and pepper shrimp are enormous.  For I believe $20, you get over a dozen huge prawns.

Last, the coconut jello does not dissapoint as it comes with the coconut for you to take home.  Go in a group of at least 4+ people, order 1.25 dishes per person and share to have the full experience.
I first encountered Island Malaysian Cuisine over at the 1st annual Asian Food Festival at The Orleans on October 1st and 2nd. I tried them because the roti that the owner, Steven, was spreading out, looked thin, airy, and bouncy, before it was pounded onto the griddle by one of his minions and made into a thick and non-fluffy and non-airy dough.

Of course, I gave them the benefit of the doubt, and am absolutely glad that I did, because I really enjoyed the food at their restaurant. If you want a really traditional dish, you should try their 

Assam Laksa: noodle soup with a broth made from fish and lemongrass. They do a great job of using the freshest ingredients and keep it warm in a clay pot for you. 

Mee Goreng: mee going crazy... slightly sweet, slightly sour, slightly spicy noodles and we chose chicken as the protein to go with the dish, but they have other offerings such as beef and shrimp.

String beans were so fresh, I thought they just picked it out of the ground. The string beans were plump and juicy and went well with the slightly spicy dried scallop and dried shrimp sauce.

Also, I extremely enjoyed the 

Roti Canai: with their chunks of potatoes and chicken. The roti was really fluffy and airy and the best I've ever had. Then Steven and his wife, Tess, told me about an off-menu item that they were thinking about adding to the menu.

It's called the 

Roti Tissue: The second time I went to the restaurant, I tried it. It is absolutely amazing. I have no words for this dish. To describe what it actually is, well, it's crispy thin roti sprinkled with sugar with curry on the side to dip pieces of the giant "Tissue" into. Just break off any crazy-size you want. When it came out, we were wowed by the tent-shaped looking dish. This is a must-try!!! 

To finish the second night, I tried the Ice Kachang, which I also had at the Asian Food Festival. The ice kachang is $1 more for ice cream, which we got. It was really delicious and the syrup that they use is awesome. At the Asian Food Festival, I also tried the Coconut Jelly. This is one of the best desserts I have ever tried. It is not too sweet, the texture is awesome, and because real coconut comes with the jelly, it is very deliciously balanced.

I will definitely be back to try the rest of their dishes. Their service was also really good and I loved hearing about how they ended up opening at the former Penang space. Their ambience is casual with a tried-for island feel with two orange barrels and a metal top as a counter, some metal hot air balloons as lights, and a giant and beautiful painting of a sandy shore-side view out into the ocean with palm trees help any uptight person relax. I also saw that they have a roadrunners.com sticker on their window, so I'm sure they deliver.
totally worth it.  came in here twice in four days.. which says a lot given all the good food available in LV. 

Some hits and misses, but i cant say much about the misses because this is a Singaporean's take, and the cuisine can differ some across the causeway. Also, the restaurant IS called island Malaysian..

also, for those wondering about its similarities to Penang (the restaurant chain)-- the waitress said that it used to be a Penang chain but then other people bought it out.. so i guess the decor and the recipes via the cooks were retained? 

but: 

1) sambal kangkong-- good ratio of leaves vs stems. sambal sauce was a little too thin for my liking, but i think it's a Malaysian thing. 

2) Char Kuay Tiao: Delicious to the max!! fried soft white noodles with fresh prawns and bean sprouts.. hmmm. they dont skimp on the bean sprouts either! but seriously, what is it with LV and awesomely fresh bean sprouts?! Kinh Do served up some super bean sprouts too. Our table of 7 inhaled 3 servings. 

3) Roti Canai: We had 4 servings.  crispy and chewy dough.. Curry was spot on authentic. Enough said. 

4) Hainanese chicken was meh.. at least they stuffed the bottom with fresh cucumber slices

5) mee goreng was pretty good.. very malaysian styled though, ie sweet, a tad mushy, and with fried dough pieces in it

6) house-made toufu was pretty sweet!  At this point we were so stuffed, but you could definitely taste and feel that the toufu was artisan-made and not from a factory. 

7) Barley drink-- great because it was tasty and not too sweet (critical, since other places would pour on the sugar syrup and then dilute the whole thing) but personally, ratio of barley grains to liquid in the glass was a tad off. 

8) ice kacang!! had it during our first meal there.  the waitress was so sweet.. I asked if it was possible to have more attap chee pieces cuz when i was young, my sis and i would fight perpetually over it, and she laughed and said that she'll put 5 pieces in it-- one for every person at our table! that's great service. 

I swear we ate several other dishes, but at this point in time.. my mind is still fixated on the roti canai and char kuay tiao.. LOL

anyone craving straits cuisine-- GO!!!
By the time we came here, we were hangry. We tried two other places and either they were closed or too busy. That means this place had to come through or we would have flip their tables like Chinese gangster style (maybe not that exaggerated)

We ordered the roti, the first noodle soup dish and lamb. Being hungry, we devoured each dish before the next came out. The Roti was not fried so it was not greasy. I rather liked it more this way. It also came with a bowl of curry for dipping. There was a piece of chicken and potato in the bowl. For less than $5, it was really awesome.
The noodle dish was good and had a seafood flavor like Big Wong's shrimp soup. What I didn't like about the noodle dish is I think it was spaghetti noodles, and I usually like soft noodle but these were almost mushy. The lamb was not gamey and had all this brown sauce over it. When I see that I think it would be too salty but it was actually perfect in flavor. These are not flavors I am used I'm not even sure what they used to make it with. We finished everything. 

What I didn't like was their tea. It was supposed to be Jasmine but they were flavorless bags of tea. 

We will come back to try the rest of their menu.
I am a Malaysian who lives in Tampa, Florida and is always on the look-out for authentic Malaysian restaurants whenever I visit other cities. When I was in LV last month I discovered Island Malaysian Cuisine, and can confidently pronounce it one of the best and most authentic restaurants serving Malaysian food in the US. Among the dishes I liked are: curry mee, char koay teow, Hainan chicken rice, nasi lemak, roti canai, satay, coconut pudding and peanut pancake. Outstanding were the lobak and chendol which were as good as back in Penang, Malaysia. We ended up going there for lunch on three different occasions and twice for dinner during the week we were in LV. The ikan bilis sambal, and chicken rendang were also excellent. Another outstanding dish was the ladies fingers (okra) stir fried with sambal udang, which was incredibly good. I only wish I had more time to try out their other dishes but since I and my wife spent a lot of time visiting the nearby national parks outside LV, we were not able to do so. The service was excellent and the waitress was very nice about making recommendations since we invited some Taiwanese friends for dinner, who had never tried Malaysian cuisine before, and we wanted a combination of dishes that complement each other for a comprehensive meal. You cannot beat this restaurant for authenticity, and we hope that they will continue to flourish, as we expect to return again and again! Their lunch specials for under $5 is also unbeatble for value. BHK.
4.5 Stars:
The Basil Chicken as delicious and the #71 chicken ayam renda was even better! The Ayam chicken was cooked in a Red curry sauce that reminded me of an Indian curry and Thai Panang curry combination with less coconut milk. The sauce on the Ayam had a hint of sweet and just the right amount of Spicy. 

This is a really good find and I can't wait to try out the rest of the Menu.
My boyfriend def. enjoyed this place more than I did. The food to me was mediocre and the service, although was good, was a bit difficult when I had to ask the server multiple times for hot sauce because he couldn't understand english. I'll go back when I'm in Vegas again but probably because my boyfriend wants to go.
We are Malaysian's living in the US.  Was in Las Vegas on vacation.  Decided to check out Island Malaysian Cuisine since Penang is now closed  for some taste of home. We ordered, Hokkien Mee and Chow Fun with gravy.  Total disappointment.  Hokkien Mee is suppose to be the thick yellow noodles, they used the skinny yellow noodles like you would have in Curry Laksa.  There was not much flavor.  The Chow Fun was eh...better than the Hokkien Mee. I'm not saying not to try Island Malaysian, just don' t order the Hokkien Mee and Chow Fun with gravy. Walked by a table that had Chow Kwe Teow and it looked awesome.  Should have ordered that instead. Totally disappointed with our meals.
Eat here every time I come to LV, Good Food
To all Malaysians and Singaporean, locals or tourists, do not miss out!

I'm not only saying that because the food is great but also because worried it may not be around for too long.  I think it may be the location but I'm hoping sites like this can direct folks here

We have living in Vegas for several years. We seem to only go back for 2 dishes :D - char koay teow and seafood chow fun (aka wa tan hor to locals).  The stuff tofu appetizer is also great.
Fell in love since the first time I saw the sign!
There aren't many MALAYSIAN food places around Vegas, so I may be a little biased. I have never had any authentic Malaysian food either, so... I guess this may be going out on a whim, BUT... my experience here has been amazing!

They have an EXTENSIVE menu, and then a separate binder that has PICTURES... of EVERYTHING on the menu! Seriously, that made our selection process 50x easier! 

I can't remember everything we've had, but I know that the coconut rice is a must get, and so is the Roti Canai. YUM. 

Malaysian spices are more defined than Thai, since they use less coconut milk. I want to say that it's closer in taste to Indian cuisine, but not as bold. 

Anyway, the interior is very themed, and they have a little mini-pool set for children to play. On top of that, the service was beyond amazing.

The owner, which is also a server and cashier (but her name slips my mind... UGHH!) was extra nice, and VERY patient with us when we were making selections, and was not shy to offer her opinions on what we might like, and suggestions as well. 

Awesome place with great service and good food!
Yaye! I found a Malaysian restaurant in Vegas and I'm super excited and happy about it!  It doesn't top my favorite Layang Layang from Cupertino, CA, but it will do.

1 star = for the Roti Canai bread.  Their curry sauce comes with potatoes and meat in it.  Awesome!  You can never really go wrong with this bread, but I'm sure glad that they have it!  

2 stars = chicken curry.  At first I told my friends...really?  We're ordering Chicken Curry? LOL. But it was actually quite tasty, and  even though the soup base was a tad on the watery side, it exploded with flavor!

3 stars = Char Kway Teow. It comes with an abundance of egg which I love!

4 stars = for their picture menu!  If you don't know what to order because you're unsure of what is in it, or how it is cooked, or how it looksl ike, they have a picture menu for your to look.  Dude.  Best idea ever!

Lacks the 5th star because the Sizzling Beef we ordered was super salty, and the Mango with Sweet Rice was a little off (rice was a bit hard, coconut sauce was watery, and the mango wasn't the right texture).

I'll definitely coming back for more!  The prices here don't burn your pockets either! Yes!

Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (57/365).
We stopped by for dinner on a Friday evening. Not busy, so the service was prompt and friendly.

We ordered the roti canai, kari ayam, chicken flavored rice and noodles with salty fish. The food was very delicious and reasonably priced. 

We'd ordered too much food for two people and I was eating too much, but I didn't want to stop! It was very flavorful and satisfying.

Definitely a good place for some wholesome tasting food.
This place is incredible! My husband and I were looking around for a Malaysian place in Las Vegas and this is about the only Malaysian Restaurant here. The food is so fresh and delicious and cheap! The people are so friendly and very knowledgeable.. We have been here a few times now and keep going back as I have cravings and always want to try new dishes here. Just go. You'll love it!
What makes me the most disappointed about having to give this restaurant only 2 stars is that our dining experience started off so well!

The roti canai was excellent! Perfect, crispy texture. The curry sauce was very hearty and even included a piece of meat!

Then, our entrees came.

The Ginger Scallion Duck turned out okay. The sauce tasted a little weird and didn't complement the duck very well. We ate a few pieces and just lost our appetite for it.

The Malaysia Buddha vegetable stir-fry seemed to have been just thrown together haphazardly with some hoisin sauce and vinegar.

We weren't impressed by the coconut rice either. The rice was mushy and came with a weird stringy substance.

Our total meal came out to $30 including tip/tax. We definitely did not feel like we got our money's worth. Maybe it would've been safer to just stick with the curries.
I came to Island Malaysian Cuisine for the first time last night and was pleasantly surprised!

We were wanting to try something new and we saw an ad for Island Malaysian in a magazine. Of course I looked it up on Yelp and was drawn in to the delightful, yummy-looking pictures.

It's located in a giant Chinatown stripmall (by the Chinese grocery store). The decor inside is surprisingly cute, very island-y and clean. The big plastic, orange chopsticks are fun too. The menus also come with a large black binder, it reminded me of a karaoke book. Inside are numbered pictures of all the dishes, which correspond with the numbers in the menu.

We ordered:

-Lychee juice
-Fresh young coconut
-Roto canai
-Basil noodles
-Spicy beef with side of cucumbers
-Peanut bread dessert
-Mango sticky rice dessert

Deelish! The lychee juice tastes refreshing and is not overly sweet. I will upload a picture. I loved the roto canai "tissue" bread. Tearing off pieces and dipping it in to the little bowl of curry that comes with it was lovely. Great flavor and texture.

The basil noodles were marked as spicy in their menu but (blame my Korean palate) I definitely could have taken it a lot more spicier. I will just have to ask for it extra spicy next time. The peanut bread was crushed peanuts with honey and butter inside the "tissue" breading. Not overly sweet but very tasty.

Service was good, the middle-aged woman who sat us and served us was really friendly and helpful.

I will definitely be back to try more Malaysian dishes!
I went to this place twice on my recent visit to Vegas. As a Malaysian, I find their food to be authentic and delicious. The customer service is also excellent. They don't nickel and dime you for every little thing. I ordered ABC and asked for a substitute of the cendol instead of the red bean, and they did it for me free of charge. I will surely stop by here again anytime I go to Vegas.
Was recommended this from a fellow dinner at Big Wong (across the street), so we thought we come by for the the hamione Chicken Rice.  We also tried the Coconut Fried Rice and Kwak somthing (stir fry noodle with shrimp and bean sprouts). My wife liked this place and advise it differs from Big Wong's but I personally like Big Wong more, thus the 3 Stars... My Wife on the other hand like this place more so.. you can decide.  The hamione Rice was excellent, a little different than BW but very good just the same. The Coconut fried rice as well as the Kwak were very bland and not as flavorful.
The only place in the city that I know of that makes Roti Canai. 

I love Malaysian food because it's pretty much Chinese food with an Indian twist. Island Malaysian Cuisine has all the Malaysian dishes I love, and sadly it's the only Malaysian restaurant in Vegas. I always get the Roti Canai, which is the Indian-style flatbread with chicken curry as a dipping sauce. The Roti is always made fresh, and comes out steaming hot and wrapped up on a plate. The chicken curry is oily  and only has 1 piece of chicken and potato, but it goes together so well with the Roti that I'm not complaining. I also like their Mee Goreng, which is fried  noodles mixed with shrimp, meat, tofu, potatoes, bean sprouts, chili sauce, and peanuts (sort of like Pad Thai).

The restaurant is owned and operated by a family, and the menu is very expansive. There's a picture book showing each item on the menu, which can be very helpful for new customers. I'm a bit surprised at the small amount of traffic they get though. Every time I come in for lunch or dinner, out of the 20 or so tables, only 3 or 4 are occupied. I wish more people would try this place out because it's definitely something different from the usual Chinese or Vietnamese restaurants you see all over Chinatown.
We went to check out the place because it's one of the few Malaysian restaurants in Vegas. We thought the food was decent but nothing special. The waiter was totally not helpful in making recommendation. Good comfort food but expensive for what you get. The place was practically empty for lunch and the whole plaza where it is located was empty too.
I've always wanted to try this restaurant after I made a trip to Singapore; I have to say, it's not exactly the same, but close enough.

I ordered the char kway teow, which is very similar to beef with flat noodle, or chow fun.  My friend ordered the pineapple fried rice, which is a staple dish of the region.  Both had good portions and flavorful, but my favorite part was when I saw a stripped coconut bring brought out to the table in front of us as a drink.  I had to order it.

So I walked out of the restaurant carrying the whole coconut, sipping as if I was at some tropical island.  Only $3.  At most Thai places, you'll get Thai tea for $2.50, WITHOUT refills.

The service was great, too.  I was picking the green onions out of the dish (I like my food cooked with them, but not eating it), and the waitress said she'd remember to take it out next time I order it.  Will she really remember?  Doubt it, but we'll see- I'll come back another time.
Excellent all the way around. Fantastic, friendly, attentive service. Very informative menu (binder w/pictures!). 

Started with the tissue roti (see picture). Over 2 ft. tall, makes an impression when it arrives. What you don't know is that it has a light coating of sugar on the inside! Its addictively tasty by itself, but interesting when combined with the accompanying curry dipping sauce. (Also handy as dessert if you still have it hanging around after your entrees are polished off). 

Speaking of entrees - we had the shrimp char kway teow (with mushrooms subbed for squid) and the beef red curry. Both were incredible. The red curry I have to say is the perfect winter dinner -it arrives still bubbling-cauldron-hot, and is rich, warming and satisfying. Get a side of rice to go with. The shrimp char kway teow - will get this again. Wasn't greasy, good flavor and a great choice if you want something not sauced. I'm betting its more of a healthy option, relatively speaking. Fabu! 

To top it off, the prices are super reasonable, and downright cheap if you're coming from eating on The Strip.
Roti Canai and Khari Mee were really nice.  It took us a while to figure out what to order (so many choices that we were interetsed in) but everything that came out was great.
Their rice game here is ridiculous. 

My BFs grandma grew up in Indonesia and that cuisine isn't really available anywhere, but Malaysia shares many similarities so we thought to bring her here. She ended up not coming, but the BF,my MIL and I went. I kinda know a bit about Malay food, but they have a picture menu binder they give people as well as a regular text menu which was helpful. 

We ordered: 

BBQ Pork fried rice - it had really nice flavor, the bbq pork was sweet and succulent and the rice was really soft and fluffy, not greasy at all. My only critique about this is that it had large slices of red onion which would have been okay well cooked, but it was a bit raw.

Rendang Ayam- I'm a big fan of the bold thick rendang and this one was definitely hitting the mark in flavor. This is a bone- in, skin on chicken so it was more flavorful with that, but it makes it a bit messy to eat. The portion was about half a chicken so they give you a sizable amount. I will be ordering this again, but with a red meat as I think that holds rendang flavors well. 

Captains Noodles - we got it w/o shrimp for the MIL but it was still good. These are saucy noodles, swimming in a sweet soy based sauce which was good but maybe a bit sweet for me. 

One thing I oddly have to rave about is their rice. Their fried rice and plain white rice was so soft and fluffy and well seasoned. It's harder to achieve than you would think to hit that mark, but I love it when I could find it. I only keep brown rice at home now, so it's a rare treat to find good white rice when eating out. 

This is a halal place and so the meats reflect that. The chicken will be more "chicken-y" as this isn't your big farm mass produced usual chicken. 

We ordered grandma food to-go. Chicken satay was rather small, but decent enough. It is really sweet though so we did a bit like "thai style" and dip a little vinegar onto them to balance it out. She wanted kari ayam curry but with fried tofu and they accommodated it for us. It was alright, rather tangy of a curry. I wasn't a fan and neither was she though, but it might just not be in our taste. 

Service was decent here. Our drinks were refilled before they got were empty. 

Now I want more fluffy rice.
This place gets a stamp of authenticity from me and did I tell you we are picky about our local food? It's as Singaporean/Malaysian as it gets based on the few dishes I ordered. 

I agree with some of the other reviews - for people who are not familiar with SG/MY food the pictures would be really helpful. While they may sometimes look like Indonesian/Thai food, the flavors are very distinctive. 

Started off with the roti canai and I was pleasantly surprised that it's not the flat crispy frozen kinds served in most malaysian restaurants. It's thick like the real ones. The curry chicken that came with it was good too. I was also quite pleased that they had the penang yong tau foo, which is a dish with curry/laksa gravy and an assortment of tofu skin or veggies stuffed with fish paste. I asked for noodles with it. 

Kangkong belacan was good, and husband ordered a teochew style steam fish, which was alright.  If I'm ever in LV again I'll definitely come by again.
I love their curry dishes. My favorite has to be the Roti with curry chicken but I wished they gave you more than 1 minuscule piece of chicken.  We've only been here four times and we haven't been disappointed yet.
Awesome tasting restaurant.
Away from the strip, in a little Chinatown.
Very reasonable (maybe, cheap) pricing for the quantity.

we ordered:
Tom Yum soup: Was decent... it's a thai soup in Malaysian restaurant: ordered just so that my Parents could taste our favorite soup :-)
Roti Telur with Potato soup: Awesome (both roti telur and the potato soup).
Roti Canai with Chicken soup: Good, but the chicken soup was awesome
Salted Fish Fried Rice: Awesome.
Egg Fried Rice: this was a disappointment, but this dish wasn't in the menu...we should have asked for Veggie Fried Rice with egg

Very good service.
Very helpful menu with pictures of everything.
Amazing food.  Fried fish and roti are a must try. If you haven't tried malay food it is a cross between chinese and indian cuisine...  Just like the people.

Craving it now.
The roti canai and char kway teow were great. The Hokkien char mee was OK but if I ordered it again, I'd ask for more spice. We also got a fresh coconut to slurp and munch on.

The staff was friendly and it was easy to get refills and order additional dishes (mmm satay) without feeling compelled to rush through dinner. We were dining a bit late on a Friday and there was no wait.

When dinner was over the check came and it was such a cheap meal for a couple gluttons. We were transported to Malaysia, for the length of our meal, for much less than a plane ticket.
I met someone who raved about this place so my sister and I came here today to try it out. We thought the seats were really uncomfortable and cold if you aren't wearing pants while sitting on them. But decor aside, we ordered three items as followed:

Green curry with vegetables and tofu: something is off with this dish but I don't know what. I had to add a bit of salt and sugar to it since its was so bland and not as viscous as I'd like it to be. A curry dish should be slightly thicker, more flavorful and with less mushy vegetables like eggplants. At $13, this dish failed hardcore. How disappointing!

Seafood combination fried rice: this is good but I can't imagine screwing up fried rice. I can make this at home in less than 15 minutes. 

Anchovies in shrimp paste with onions : the seasoning is perfect but they used too much sauce so this dish was really wet and soggy. I would like to see it dryer and with less onions. 

Overall, I don't think I will come back here...
Lynn and I ate lunch today at Island Malaysian Cuisine in Las Vegas. I had the Satay Tofu and Fried Shrimp with Black Pepper (spicy). Lynn had roti canai for a starter and a vegetable plate. She also had mangos with sticky rice for dessert. I drank mango juice. Malay food, if you are not familiar with it, is characteristically southeast Asian without being too spicy. Give it a try. This is an excellent restaurant with prompt and friendly service. It's about a mile and a half from the Strip. The food is about a thousand times better than the crap they serve on the Strip and 50% the cost. Here is the web site: http://www.bing.com/local/details.aspx?lid=YN609x401676488&qt=yp&what=island+malaysian+cuisine&where=Las+Vegas%2C+Nevada&s_cid=ansPhBkYp02&mkt=en-us&q=island+malaysian+cuisine+las+vegas&qpvt=island+malaysian+cuisine+las+vegas&FORM=LARE
My friend and I visited this out of the way Malaysian restaurant when I got a longing for some beef randang.  From outside the place is rather modest, on the second floor of a small oriental mall at the far end of Spring Mountain.   Inside, it is also modest, with a band stand, and a pool table, suggesting it is a hangout for local Malaysians rather than a tourist spot.

From the first bite of the Roti Canai, a chicken, potato appetizer served in a coconut curry sauce, we sensed we were on to a winner.  It was so good we immediately ordered a second helping.  I'm a tofu fan, and enjoyed the stuffed tofu pockets.   We had 3 main courses, beef randang, char kway, mee siam - each was outstanding.

We highly recommend this restaurant, and look forward to many more visits to come.
My wife and I decided to venture away from the strip and try a place in the Chinatown area.  She's lived in China, so we are used to the real deal Chinese food and spice.

The service was friendly and really attentive.

We started with the Roti Canai after reading yelp reviews.  The roti was served warm.  It really tasty and seemed fresh.  It was served with a great chicken curry dipping sauce.

I had the Rendang Ayam (chicken curry).  it was most of a bone on chicken.  no vegetables, but it was a good sauce.  Its not very spicy, but it was flavorful.

My wife had the shrimp char kway teow.  It was good: similar to pad thai, but it was a little bland.  We both preferred the chicken dish.

We wanted to try the mango sticky rice after the reviews, but we were told Mangos were out of season (in April).  We opted for the banana pancake, which is similar to a crepe with warm slices of bananas rolled inside it.  it was good, but really sweet.
Authentic Malaysian food! Price is good, food is good. Plus it looks like a family-owned small business...I like the fact that my money may go towards a little boy's education.
Service :  5 stars ! 
Food : average ... 

To be honest, the service was great. Although,  ive tasted much better malaysian food. Roti canai is my favorite dish usually, & I wasnt impressed with theirs. Curry was okay, & the noodles we got .. ehhhh, its okay too.
id give it a lower star but the service was incredible.
This is just a review based on their service and how we were treated there. Our party of 3 arrived at the same time as this huge table apparently. We had our orders ready within minutes and waved to the waiter. He kept acknowledging us but took forever to come. They served us water, which was real prompt and encouraging that it'd be a good meal experience. Finally, the waiter comes and asks us for our order, we give him 3 items. He comes back within a few seconds and tells us their kitchen will be really busy right now and our food will take approximately 30 minutes to come. They had put in the large table order in the kitchen before ours. We got up and left, because we were already behind schedule to leave. But seriously, what kind of business does that?!?! It was 12pm, they should expect the kitchen to be busy!! It's peak lunch hour for goodness sakes! At least they were honest and told us it would take forever for the food to come out. Other places I've been to make it work, but in my opinion, this place indirectly told us to leave or wait an hour for our food. That's how my mind translated what the waiter told us.
3 stars but might be me. Im not sure if Malaysian Cuisine is my thing. Im not s spicy girl and Im allergic to shrimp so kind of changed the flavor of the dishes. I will say the curry puffs were good- just a little too spicy for me. I also got the basil noodles, and the captians noodles. Roti and lychee drink. The lychee drink- soooo good. 

Service amazing- just fantastic.

Overall I think its worth trying this place- I came here to experience something new and I enjoyed my experience. The restaurant is very cute, decorated nicely. Like I said I might just not be a Malaysian food kind of gal.
I like this restaurant. Great food, really friendly service. I don't understand why it's so empty. I got there on Saturday around 1:30pm but there are only 3 occupied tables including mine. Maybe it's the location or not many people familiar with Malaysian food.

We ordered, fish head noodle soup, nasi lemak, Kway teow and roti telur...all good. I will be back whenever I miss my Indonesian food and don't feel like cooking.
If you want a GREAT meal, especially if you have a massive hangover, here it is: 

Roti Canai (better get two) 

Kari Mee with shrimp (noodle soup - add fried tofu, get some limes) - my most FAVORITE soup in the world  

Young Coconut drink

Probably my favorite meal. 

Service is usually great -  good people, sometimes it gets busy but oh well, that's the nature of business. 

ENJOY!!
i found this gem through Groupon. they are fantastic! very delicious food, prepped/cooked fresh, tons of selection to please any SE Asian palate and best of all: excellent attentive customer service! i have had the fish fillets prepped with House Special Sauce-amazingly light, flaky fish coated with light batter, the sauce is not heavy, and it comes on top of bed of fresh , crisp lettuce. i took my boss and 2 other co-workers here 1 week later to introduce them to REAL Malaysian/Singaporean cuisine.  we brought our own wine(restaurant only serves limited selection of beer), they only charge $5/per open bottle fee. very reasonable. kitchen is visible from the dining area and you can watch the chefs prep/cook your food. they will do any sauce on the side. we had : Roti(a MUST try: so light, it is like Naan, but thinner, with crispy edges!+it comes with mild curry sauce w/little drumstick), chicken curry(just right!), Latksa(truly delicious), samosa(it was gone in less than 2 mins! ), pineapple fried rice (unlikely combo ,but absolutely perfect for hot summer weather), Mi Goreng(totally reminded me of living in Indonesia), and beef/chicken skewers (wow! ). OH! yes! you HAVE to try the Coconut Pudding: it comes in a real , fresh, coconut. it is not too sweet, just coconut water with gelatin! Thank you so much , Island Malaysia.. i have found my new food obsession.
Neither of us have had Malaysian food before, since we had a groupon,  we gave it a go.  We are very happy we did.  The food was absolutely delicious.  I ordered char kway teow.  My husband mee geong (sp).  And we also had curry puffs for appetizers and mango and sticky rice for dessert.   The place was very clean.  Service was great.  And the amount of food you get for the price is amazing.  We will definitely be back even without a groupon.
Soooo good
This is one of my fav place when in Vegas and don't feel like waiting for the long buffett lines...

Do yourself a favor and order the SAMBAL PETAI, which is STINKY BEAN in chilli sauce....it really rocks and super delicious, just be aware that this may not be a good first date dish or 2nd or 3rd date for that matter...for obvious reason, but it's worth the risk since it's so delish, and only very few places in US even dare to serve anything with stinky bean

This dish alone is a solid 4 STAR ****

Note: this place is on the 2nd floor of the strip mall
Let me start by saying this:  Malaysian Food is one of the best food in the entire world...and its not because I'm a native Malaysian   ;)  Our food is unique because it draws from our multi ethnic heritage. 
We had two other Malaysian restaurants before Island Malaysian, which was originally called "Penang Rest". All great except this is the only one that sticks around...so guess that speaks a lot in itself? 
I'm kinda "consistent" when it comes to this restaurant...I order the same few dishes every time...the waitress knows my order but still hands me a menu ...good 4 her :) 

Well here are my rating by stars
APPETIZERS: 
Roti Canai 5* (small order, get two or three if entrée)
Curry Puffs 4* (potatoes fillings exc flavor, pastry not too bad)
Ice Kacang 5* (my fav, Malaysian style shaved ice ...must try :)

If you like to feel exotic, get the young coconut drink. Its served straight out of the coconut itself. You will love very exotic ;)

ENTREE: 
Char Kuey Teow 5* ( ask for sambal belacan (stinky chili sauce ;) yummmm

Hokkein Char Mee 3-4*  (fat noodles, like udon size fried in black sauce. Its very yummy f the cook gets to heat his wok extra hot. Same for char kuey teow abv)

Mee Goreng 4* (this is Indian Fried Noodles...back home is fried with some ketchup)

Kari Ayam 5* (= malaysian chicken curry. This is the same curry served with Roti Canai) 

Anything with Belacan is good if you like the flavor of belacan. But I think just like Durian, belacan is an acquired taste. Its basically chili paste mix with dried shrimp paste. The Thai also use it in their dish. In Malaysia, we eat everything with it. Just as we would ask for ketchup, hot sauce or mayo here, we would ask for belacan to go with most of the dishes @ home. 

NOTE: They DONT take credit card --so go to your ATM first.  

I LOVE ISLAND MALAYSIAN ....this is one place I visit at least once or every two months for the past few years since they opened.
Food is great and the servers are fast and friendly!  :) I ordered the beef and chicken satay and asam laksa and char keoy teow! So yummy! One downside was the roti canai wasn't from scratch, but the curry was still good! Rarely can I find a Malaysian Restaurant that actually has authentically tasting food.  I usually have to fly back to Malaysia to find the food! This was worth it! I shall definitely go back again :)! Support them! You won't regret it!
This restaurant is my first experience with Malaysian food.  I really enjoyed it and have been back many times since. The beef satay is one of the best things I've tasted in Chinatown. This is family owned and they are the employees.  I LOVE supporting family owned businesses, especially when the family is actually there working!

PROS: The menu has a picture for EVERY item listed.
             Homemade Green Curry 
             Lo Mee ~ noodles in homemade soy sauce, topped with chicken & mushrooms
             Hokkien Char Mee
             Roti canai
             ***The COCONUT PUDDING**** Served INSIDE a coconut ~ ice cold!! 

CONS: Could use music or something atmospheric.

They also have really cool lighting fixtures if you happen to look up.  Located in the Asian Pacific shopping plaza ~ on the 2nd level
We saw the post on Facebook that they've obtained the HALAL Certificate hence we're there today. Mum loves halal food so she appreciates everything that we ordered today. We had satay, pasembur, curry puffs, mee goreng mamak & pandan Chicken. Teh Tarik for drinks.I will update the pics. It was delicious. We're originally from Singapore & of course we love Malaysian Cuisines.  We've been here since 2001 & has patronized this restaurant since the opening back then.  We would like to say thanks for being awesome as always, Tess (Our Server) & Steven (Our Chef). :-)

PS: Don't forget to YELP because you'll get a free roti canai for now.

Halal - Halal is an Arabic word meaning "lawful" or "permissible." Halal foods are foods that Muslims are allowed to eat or drink under Islamic Shariah. The criteria specify both what foods are allowed, and how the food must be prepared. The foods addressed are mostly types of meat and animal tissue. The most common example of non-halal (or haraam) food is pork. While pork is the only meat that cannot be eaten by Muslims at all (due to perceived hygienic concerns), foods other than pork can also be haraam. The criteria for non-pork items include its source, the cause of the animal's death, and how it was processed. - From WIKIPEDIA
Fantastic and authentic Malaysian food. The food and the decor were reminiscent of a fabulous beachside restaurant I visited several years ago in Penang. My friend and I visited Island after a $300 dinner the night before at a hip Vegas strip restaurant. This was the perfect antidote to the overblown, hype-cycle arms race of Vegas dining. Super casual atmosphere in a funky Asian strip mall. The Roti canal was light and crispy. The Mee gorang was a spicy delight. Only disappointment was that they had run out of coconut pudding for desert. 

If you want a delicious break from the Vegas hurley burley, head for the Island!
Went last night (10/15). Had a groupon that was expiring so decided to give it a shot. When we reached around 7:30 there was no one inside the restaurant. Usually a bad sign when there's no customers present. 
Anyway we ordered Roti Canai and Chicken Satay for appetizer. Satay was great but the chicken curry served with Roti Canai was cold. Looked like it was made days back. 
For main course, we ordered #43 which is a friend noodles with shrimp and bean sprouts. Just Ok, bland and I had to use hot sauce to give it some flavor. Another entrée was the Young chow fried rice. Rice was too mushy, again very BLAND, and had chicken and shrimp. 
In both the dishes, shrimp was not deveined. It also had no seasoning whatsoever. Overall not acceptable. 
We will not be going back.
OMG! Did this place hit the spot or what! Here in Vegas for 4 days - definitely have to go back again during this short visit. Portions are huge, prices are insanely low, food is delectable! If you haven't tried Malaysian food before, you're in for a treat! Everything we tried was surreal! Service was fantastic!
This restaurant is located on the second floor of the Asian Pacific shopping plaza on Spring Mountain Road.  We started off with an appetizer of curry puffs, pastry shells filled with a mixture of curry chicken and potatoes.  These proved to be delicious but a little too heavy.  We also shared entrees of beef rendang (slow cooked beef in a paste of ground spices and coconut milk) and hokkien char mee (fried noodles in a fragrant gravy). The rendang was fork tender with an undertone of sweetness without being overpoweringly so.  Both dishes titillated our taste buds and I am looking forward to a revisit.
WHAT USE TO BE NAMED PENANG

We thought the decor was familiar, just not the name of Island Malaysian Cuisine of this upper floor restaurant adjacent  to Hue Thai and above SF Market.  Following our dinner, I had asked our server (originally from Gwangju) who was the chef?  He mentioned that the restaurant was sold several years ago and back then the restaurant was aka Penang. Chef is Malaysian and so is the current owner.

Malaysian cuisine a blend of SE Asia and Indian cuisine is a favorite of mine. However it's been a long time since Layang Layang of West San Jose, CA and Houston's Banana Leaf which I consider as one of the best Malaysian restaurants in the states.

Following our late afternoon hair salon appointment, we wanted a taste of curry and proceeded to Cafe de Japon which apparently is no longer in business. Island Malaysian Cuisine had been bookmarked for sometime so now is the perfect excuse to check it out.

Looking around, this restaurant is set up to also be a social house with equipment for live music, plus games for all genders. Not sure it's for the enjoyment of the employees or patrons.  Would have to assume for both.

The menu is presented along with a binder of photos of every item in the menu. Makes it convenient and a simple process to decide what to order. To take care of our curry appetite we ordered the Roti Canai as a starter which is a favorite amongst Malaysians and Indians. Next item is the Mee Goreng an Indian style stir fried noodles sauteed in dried squid sauce, tofu, potatoes, shrimp, egg along with bean sprouts. For meat, we ordered Ayam Rendang which is chicken legs cooked in low heat with lemon grass, chili peppers then simmered in thick rich curry which further satisfies our curry quest.  Lastly, some veggie since we're staying away from rice, it's Kang Kung with garlic which is sauteed Convolus (pea pods) with of course fresh garlic.

What's the verdict ?  We left no hint that there was ever food on our table.  It was actually very good and far less occidental than Layang Layang of West San Jose. Unfortunately, it's not come close to Houston's Banana Leaf.  Just giving you my honest opinion.
The server Tress is the best ...food is awesome try roti canai is the bomb order sizzling beef n mixed vegetables.....I love this place totally recommend
The restaurant is nicely decorated and clean. I love every dish that we ordered.  My most favorite dish is ipoh.  I could eat that every day.  The satay is perfectly flavored that the accompanied dipping sauce actually reduces its tastiness.  Mee goreng is so amazingly cooked that every ingredient blends so well together.  I defintely come back here again if i am in the mood for malaysian cuisine.
Monkey a sucker for Roti Canai!  

Something about pancake and curry...  One random review drew Monkey in immediately.  Short on time, though not far from work, never been there, a chance to review....  ended up grubbin' fast, taking a second entree to go and getting in just in time.  

Relaxing island decor with a large mural covering one wall, karaoke set up and plenty of large tables to accommodate several plates.  Must return to savor and enjoy a curry dish!  Noodles on the shiny/oily side and not too salty, so still good stuff.

ROTI CANAI - must have appetizer
BEEF CHOW FUN - got this to go and hit the spot!  thin, tender strips of beef
FRIED PEARL NOODLES - great noodles and sprouts with shrimp & chicken

Located on second floor, shared parking lot with a jillion other restaurants and retailers.  Parking garage also available.  Great service, even during the shift change.  Very nice.  Monkey shall return to try other dishes!
tried Malaysian food for the first time and it was really good .
ordered the roti canai  3.75 $ , basil noodle 7.95 $ and seafood pepper 14.95 $
everything was delicious . the portions were generous and the flavor very good . 
will be back to try more things
I am all about Island Malaysian Cuisine's Roti Canai!  Their best app, it is a red curry of deeply developed flavor and it comes with an Indian style pancake.  This is a 5 star app for me, super tasty and spot-on!  The rest of the menu is a strong 3 or weak 4 stars.

They have a full picture menu for those of us that don't regularly dine on Malaysian food.   

So, as you may have guessed I come here for the Roti Canai.  It is an individual appetizer, and at around $4 it is a great deal...but they also usually have a buy on get one free with a Yelp Check-in!  While you could order several of these for you meal, I typically order something else.  After their Roti Canai, I suggest some of their rice dishes.  The Pineapple Fried Rice, BBQ Pork fried rice, and Mango Sticky Rice are all real solid. 

Did I mention that I come her for the Roti Canai?...I have tried a few noodle dishes with an A-OK response on my part...I would order them again to fill up on...haven't had anything bad, but nothing great either.
After walking 6 Vegas-style mega blocks, I was in no mood for below par Malaysian food.   The menu was very impressive with descriptions and photos. Then, I saw my favorite - Penang Assam Laksa. 

When I placed my order I proceeded to quiz the server if it is really the "real" Assam laksa, and I placed the emphasis on "real".  I told him I'm from Malaysia and I'm very critical about the taste.   He said "Yes, the cook is from Penang, and it is the real thing."  Awesome!

And...(Drum roll)...he wasn't lying!  Lol!  It was Assam laksa like I know it. OMGoodness!  My taste buds are doing the happy dance, a very happy dance. We also ordered sambal udang, kacang Pendek and chendol dessert.  And they were all really really good.  The 6-mega size blocks to get here was worth it!!!  Thank you.
Smell great as we come to the restaurant ... It is true enough that the food is truly Malaysian food ... I was told that the chef is from Malaysia (Penang).

I came twice consecutive lunch when visiting Vegas. Love it !

Roti Canai = Great
Rojak = Very good (could taste and smell the "shrimpy" sauce")
Curry Puff = Great, very authentic
Cha Keow Tiao = Great, we ate 3 plates...
Fried Rice = Good
Sambal Sotong = Great
Penang Laksa = Very good
Beef Rendang = Great, taste like truly Malaysian/Indonesian rendang
Not knowing where to eat since Lotus of Siam was closed we immediately went to Yelp to look for a place.  After lots of going back and forth Island Malay won out and it was well worth it.  The waitress didn't look chinese but spoke cantonese which was a plus.

Good:
Roti Canai - in the past i've had this served with a thicker curry but it was still good
char kway teow - a flat noodle which was good
Laksa  - first time having it so I dont have much to compare to but it was good.
Kang Kung Veggies

Just okay:
Beef Rendang - beef was tender but wanted more developed flavors
The best Malaysian/Singaporean dishes. Our favorite is the Kacung Belachan, Beef Rendang and Curry Fishhead. Absolutely worth it. Dessert to go for is Mango Pudding with Ice Cream.
My wife and I loved this restaurant, the coconut chilled desert was great. Service was good and very friendly. Prices were reasonable, and the restaurant was clean and smelled good. We look forward to returning!
The food really brought back memories of Singapore - right down to serving Tiger beer. The menu comes in three versions - all the same dishes: a short menu, a long menu, and a picture menu. I recognized my favorite dishes from the picture menu and them read the long menu to remember the name. 

The Roti Temur was a cross between a Roti Prata and Murtahbah (sp?). The curry sauce was spot on for what my taste buds remembered.

The curry puffs were tasty but larger and not a chunky as I remember. 

All in all, I want to go back SOON!
I would give it a 9 out of 10 honestly its not my food preference but The food is good overall. I love the coffee

For a first timer it tastes like indian and chinese fusion. The flavors arent overwhelming though

I recommend if you want to try something new.
I really enjoyed this restaurant and neglected to give it a review up until I saw a Groupon for this place, and it harkened me back to the great roti night.

Long story short, I have a friend who is from Guyana and every time we go to an Indian place he comments that it's not real roti.  There's always a problem-- too thick, too thin, too sweet, too dry.  It's like a Goldie Locks thing.  After trying another place, I suggested here due to Yelp review.  I got a look when I said Spring Mountain followed by Malaysian, but he was willing to try.

We got there 30 minutes before they closed, and they didn't seem to mind at all.  We immediately ordered the roti canai.  I thought it was great, and he thought that it is the closest that he had had in a very long time.  After ordering a second one and explaining to the waitress what was going on, she told her husband the cook.  He came out of the kitchen and chatted with us for a bit and said that it's one of those foods that your family may make slightly different than his.  We asked them for a food suggestion for an entry, and we got some kind of a hybrid between the chili chicken and the mango chicken.  Good stuff!  They even let us order mango sticky rice before we left.

There was another group still there, and while being there after close, they really didn't seem to care.  When we left they gave us a red envelop because it was Chinese New Year.  It had a coupon, but the gesture was a nice touch.  Very nice people at the restaurant.  I will be back.
A friend take me here today along with groupon ad.  This is my first experience with Malaysia food. Good thing they had a book that keeps all the dishes with actual picture! :) that helps a lot. So we pick the stuff roti which kinda tasted like breakfast egg pancake but with Malaysia curry. The on choi with shrimp paste was sting and strong, we liked. The steam fish was on the okay side...  They offer steam rice, chicken oil rice, and coconut rice. We tried chicken and coconut flavor. I couldn't till the coconut flavor but overall the service was attentive. We'll be back!
The decor is reflective of The Malaysian tropics, island style. Wood accents throughout entire restaurant along with a foosball and pool table in the back. It's a warm casual ambience, laid back. All the employees are friendly and appear joyful which elevates the mood of the diners as well. The dishes lacked flavor and were average. The "Roti Canai" and curry items on the menu I believe were the standout stars! I didn't get the chance to try their whole fish or seafood items so I guess I have to come back! The stir fried noodles I ordered lacked flavor, I had to add more soy sauce. Overall, the menu has abundance of seafood items in which I hope I get to try later on.
This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!  Favorites menu items include: 

Roti Canai
Char Kway Teow
Lamb Rendang
You guys should come in this restaurant. They have very delicious food in town. 
Very very good, Love it.
01 Jun 2014, 07:30p

Hubby and I came here with a friend after I found it on Yelp.  The restaurant is located on the second floor of a fairly large strip center.  There were probably 3 or 4 parties present when we arrived and as those left, new ones arrived.  The restaurant appeared to do a good amount of business.

After perusing the menu and the accompanying photo album, I ordered the following for the table:

Roti Canai
Mee Goreng
Chilli Chicken
Deep Fried Eggplant w/Dried Shrimp & Garlic
Coconut Flavor Rice
Steamed White Rice
Mango Sticky Rice

Our friend ordered wine and hubby ordered a Tiger Beer which was described as slightly stronger than a Heineken.  The wine was not to our friend's liking, so I'm guessing if you're one who regularly drinks wine, this is not the place to order it as they only serve one brand, I believe.  Hubby enjoyed the beer, though, and since he ordered a large, he shared some of it with our friend.

I ordered the Roti Canai based on Yelp reviews not really knowing what to expect.  The tortilla/naan was very good as was the dipping "sauce"?  There were a few pieces of potato and a small piece of chicken w/lots of bones in the bowl with the sauce.  I'm not sure if we were supposed to just dip the bread in the sauce or actually put the potato and chicken in the bread and wrap it up like a burrito.  Regardless, the bones in the chicken made that a little difficult so we ended up just dipping.  The sauce was quite tasty!  Note, this appetizer really isn't large enough to share.

The Mee Goreng was different than what I had had before, but it was very good.  It was weird to get some potato in that, also, but the flavors and different textures all meshed well together.  The noodles seemed different from what I had had before, but it's been so long that I can't even remember what it's supposed to be like.  Regardless, it was good.  This was our friend's favorite dish of the dinner.

The Deep Fried Eggplant wDried Shrimp & Garlic arrived next and this dish was also very flavorful.  There was a large amount of eggplant and it was fried just enough to be crispy on the outside, but still silky smooth on the inside.  Flavors were fantastic and the dried shrimp added a bit of a crunchy texture, too.

The Chilli Chicken was by far my favorite entree of the dinner.  At first taste, the chicken was a bit dry, but it tasted really good.  The heat doesn't hit immediately and the initial flavor sort of dovetailed into the heat.  Hard to describe, but the complexities to get this flavor would be difficult to reproduce (which hubby is going to try!).

The Coconut Flavor Rice was not very exciting in my opinion.  The coconut flavor was so subtle that I didn't really even taste it with all the other flavors going on.  Also, it's difficult to share two bowls of rice amongst three people when you're just given plates and chopsticks.  Forks or extra bowls need to be requested.

For dessert, I wanted to try the mango sticky rice.  I asked if they had good mangoes and they said they weren't too sweet nor too sour.  The should have been a sign right there.  It was not good.  The rice wasn't bad, but the coconut milk was a bit watery and the mango was not ripe.  Lesson learned.  Maybe next time I'll try the shave-ice concoction.

I'd come back and try different dishes at this restaurant.  I know a few to avoid already, but there are also a few I'd definitely order again.  Staff was friendly and attentive, although I think sometimes had a problem understanding our questions due to the language barrier.  Very reasonably-priced, too!
We really enjoyed our dinner. We ordered Seafood noodle and Deep fried fish with Island special sauce. It was delicious. Great service, too!
My friend suggested this place since I don't eat Malaysian food often. I love their cereal prawn dish, roti, beef curry, coconut rice, and steamed chicken dishes.  

Don't expect alot of service since there isnt many people working, but when they do get to you,  they are very nice.
Delightful! I had the wanton soup and it was a pretty big serving. They have a large menu and a picture binder to go along with it. I also had a wonderful ice coffee with vanilla ice cream added to it. I'll be going there again today if I can talk my boyfriend into it. :)
The restaurant is located on Spring Mountain in the Pacific Asian Plaza, in the same shopping center as the smaller SF supermarket, Yosi Vapor, and upstairs next to the Hue Thai Vietnamese restaurant. 

The ambiance is classy casual. They had dim romantic lighting with a quirky island theme all around - there's a huge tropical mural on the wall and the door to the bathroom says "nature calls". Also, there were only 2 servers (no hostess) on the entire floor that night, so they were busy running around all over tending the tables, but we felt that service was still efficient and friendly. 

Here's what we ordered:
1. Roti Canai $3.75: Crispy Indian style pancake with a potato curry and chicken dipping sauce - The roti bread was large, fresh and delicate, crispy yet soft, and lightly sweetened. It was a great vessel for the flavorful chicken and potato curry. Our biggest complaint was the curry was such a teeny tiny portion (a wee amount of curry and one tiny piece of chicken and 1 small potato) - we were fighting each other for the last bites! 4/5

2. Char kway teow $7.95: Penang's famous stir fired flat rice noodles with shrimp, squid, eggs, chives and bean sprouts in a spicy black soya chili sauce - Beautiful presentation. They served it up in a mini wok perfect size for 2 (looks way bigger in pictures). It tasted like a better version of basic Chinese chow fun noodles, with a little more flavor. They cooked everything expertly and I especially loved how they put extra eggs in the dish. That's my favorite part! Not a flavor explosion, but an overall well executed dish. 5/5

3. Ayam rendang (curry chicken) $11.95 - We took a shot in the dark with this dish. I've had rendang curry before, just not this style of preparation. The chicken pieces were roughly chopped with all bone still in tact. Although the chicken was moist, we both wished they did a cleaner job with butchering the chicken. There were many small and dangerous shards of bone that were almost swallowed throughout our dinner. Also the curry was rich and thick, but very flat in flavor. This wasn't a favorite dish that night. 1/5

4. The coconut rice ($1 a bowl) was very aromatic and fragrant. I would recommend that rice with any of your curries or entrees. 5/5
I don't care if the food here is made of solid gold, the owner/manager has ZERO customer service skills. I've now spent $20 on two different Groupons to try to eat here with a discount. Please note that no one is forcing this restaurant to do business with Groupon, it is their choice.

First experience: Came in to use my deal and there was a large group already dining. Server ignored me for several minutes, then said they would be unable to help me with my food for nearly an hour because the large party had just ordered a lot of food. How unprofessional. I left, and Groupon refunded my purchase with apologies.

Second experience: Went in today to order takeout, placed order for $30 worth of food to meet their $10 credit card minimum for my remaining balance. Cashier refused to accept my Groupon, saying it's for dine-in only even though it doesn't state that in the fine print. Went back and forth, but she refuses to honor it saying it was Groupon's mistake- argued for several minutes and employee walked away. 
I assumed she went to get a manager but she walked back and then asked how she could help me, and when I asked to speak to a manager, she twirled around in a circle and then facetiously chirped at me again, HI, I'M MANAGER, HOW CAN I HELP YOU?

When trying to clarify if I could order my food and then take it to go, manager told me to call Groupon customer service for a refund and walked away again, turning away my business. Thoroughly unprofessional.
I found this restaurant when they were located in Buckeye. I have tried everything on the menu probably more than once and have never been disappointed. My favorite is the Red-Chili Frybread with cheese added. The service is excellent there. You always get treated friendly and with a smile!
I still need to make several more trips to this place because everything on the menu looks delicious. I have tried the frybread with the green chile. It is so good. The bread is perfect. The green chile is very good. I have also tasted the red off my husbands plate and that also very good. I recommend this to anyone who loves frybread done right. They also have soups. I need to try the albondigas but everytime I have went they did not have any. I did have the calavacita soup and it is very good, clean tasting and filling they will serve it with plain frybread pieces if you like. They have friendly service and it is very clean and simple. This is place is a hidden jewel. I highly recommend trying it. Oops almost forgot... they have the bomb salsa it is also delicious mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
I had a bad feeling when I went there today, the location is bad, very end of Avondale downtown, nasty place.  I had Mojito chicken frybread and I was expecting something better than Taco Bell's Chalupa but I'm disappointed. Frybread was good but they didn't give me enough chiken and cheese and lettuce was old. I wasted my money. I feel like I'm gonna have a diarrhea today.
Delicious & fresh frybread!  Plenty of parking. Eat in, or dine out. Family owned. Been in location since April 2011. Not the best location, but most "hole in the wall" joints are authentic and real! Will visit again.
Be sure to come on Tuesday through Friday or it can be kinda pricey.
Absolutely delicious food at reasonable prices. Only complaint is that they only sell cans of soda. This kind of meal requires a big old drink
Great food and service.  I was impressed with the quality of the frybread.  The salsa samples were great too.  Good selection of toppings from very mild to spicy hot.
This placed just opened up so I figured I'd try it.    Lets just say I will be back for sure.    Awesome!     Pleasantly surprised and it was made to order just like they say.   Frybread tasted perfect, everything was hot and tasted fresh and I also ordered it to-go and it was nice of them to put a paper lining in the container unlike some places when it melts the foam container.    Good job all around.  They also had a huge container of fresh lemonade, didn't see it until I left but will try next time.   Highly recommend.
So this "fry bread" (ormaybeit'sjustoneword -- "frybread"... or-maybe-it-is fry-bread?) is something completely new to me.  Basically, they take the same soft and fluffy fry bread and add different toppings to them. 

I tried a handful of different fry breads... there was the Mia's special (unfortunately, the chicken and other toppings on this one tasted kind of gross)... a refried bean option (which wasn't too bad since I'm not really a fan of refried beans)... and a couple different fry breads that had ground beef on them (these were delicious and were my favorites by far).

I also ordered a combo of dessert fry breads -- the strawberry and caramel were decent, but the chocolate and cherry were just ok.  I would have liked to see some actual fresh fruits on the dessert fry breads... and maybe even some whipped cream or a little powdered sugar.  

Overall, I think they are definitely on to something here and could really do well with a few minor changes in their menu.  I would definitely go back and try this place again... so if you're in the mood for some fry bread, frybread, or fry-bread, then go ahead and give this place a shot!
Tried it out this past weekend. I'm not a huge fan of frybread but everything was tasty and fresh. The location has been turned over several times in the last couple years and I don't know if this place will have better luck or not. Nice, helpful staff.
I've been making Frybread for about 15 years, and I've been eating it for much longer. It's not hard to make, yet many people fail to make it right. It can be too greasy, too crispy, too hard, too salty, too baking powder-y. Thus I'm always excited to try someone else's recipe.

Arizona Frybread makes very good frybread. It was perfectly soft, and satisfying to the taste buds. My only negative critique is that it was a bit too salty. Nevertheless, it was not too salty so as to be unenjoyable. 

I ordered frybread with red chili, which was equally delicious. I think I would have liked a bit more meat, however.

Restaurant was very clean. Food was good. Service was helpful and friendly. I'll definitely eat there again.

:-)
I have always had Frybread with powdered sugar never had it with actually food.  I met my sister here for lunch.  The place was clean and bright.  We walked up to the counter and ordered.  Make sure you state you want th e lunch special for the meal, drink, and discount.  

I ordered the FRYBREAD w GRILLED MOJITO CHICKEN (Grilled chicken Mojito topped with chesse,lettuce & Sour Cream).  It was good and everything tasted very fresh!!!
I came here a few days ago with the wife. We had gone to them when they were in Buckeye and it WAS awesome. Our experience this time was less than stellar.  The dough tasted like play-dough....salty as hell, undercooked and kinda slimy/sludgy in the middle.The toppings (wife had cinnamon and I had green chili chicken) and the mild salsa were the only reasons I could eat a few bites. I ended up scraping it off and throwing out the fry bread. The price was about avg but still not worth the taste. I dont think we will try it again. Sad day.
Ive been going to AZ frybread house for many years, now they're closer to me & the menus so impressive.  Try it!
It may be fry bread for some of their offerings, but very light fry bread, not heavy or greasy.   I got red Chile fry bread, wife got the Calabsitas soup, both were VERY good, full of flavor for the unique desert SW flavors and style of food.  We also sampled their green chile pork and potato soup too and wow! that was good and warning for those who don't like spicy, this would be one to sample before getting a bowl.  We will certainly be coming back to this great place with very friendly staff!
Awesome food and service. Free refills on aqua fresca. We will be back for sure.
They have a great lunch combo that is really reasonable to check out.
Tried this place for the first time in their new location and thoroughly  enjoyed it. I had the Frybread Arizona and a Horchata and loved it. The sauce they give you with it was delicious and I think I used half a bottle. I then made the mistake of ordering a desert Frybread and then left way too stuffed. I should have just stuck to the meal and skipped the desert as it was way too much food for just me.

Will definitely be back. Their new place is very nice compared to the old place.
Mmmmmm!!! Everything on this menu is awesome. I never leave unsatisfied. Frybread is perfect. Not too greasy at all. If you haven't tried this place your missing out.
Our friends recommended Arizona Frybread to us and it was really good. We got the FB#1 special with four different mini fry breads. Their green chili is really good. It was a little to spicy for my husband but I didn't think it was bad at all. The horchata and the melon peach fresca were delicious! Then we had to get dessert so we opted for the sampler. The fry bread covered in cinnamon and sugar was my favorite (kind of like a churro). The place was very clean and the service was very good.
Next to the Federal Pizza, where I got food poisoning a month or so ago, this is the worst restaurant I have EVER been to. At least the Federal tasted good going down.

I will preface this by saying my boyfriend and I LOVE frybread and LOVE trying new things.  We arrived starving and this was JUST awful.

I got the Frybread Southwest, while my boyfriend got a Frybread with Chicken on it (can't remember which one).  

I have got to be honest.  The frybread was GREAT, but everything else was a disaster.  Both of our dishes had Frybread with canned refried beans piled on top (about a centimeter or so thick) with no meat to speak of and another centimeter or so of garbage shredded lettuce.  There might have been sour cream or a topping, but all we could taste was horrible beans and trash lettuce.  How can a business sustain itself with Walmart store-bought goods? If it isn't, at least fool the customers with some quality.

I have friend's who have tried to make food for me that is absolute garbage. To be honest, I'd have those other meals instead of AZ Frybread ever again.

I hate saying this because they were so nice and welcoming.  Plus we were starving so we would have been happy with anything.  I could not have been more disappointed.  Also, the juices are SO PULPY they are almost undrinkable.  It also seems as though it is a mix of store-bought juice and someone juicing strawberries and mango's for their juices and that left a pretty horrible taste in our mouths.

We took 4-5 bites a piece, because we were starving and threw the rest away.  And if you know us, you know that we NEVER throw food away.  We always take our leftovers home.  Not this time.  Wish we had put the calories toward something actually satisfying like In-N-Out. 

Sorry AZ Frybread.
Where do I even start with this one...

First off, let me say that the staff was friendly and welcoming.  And that was where the positive experience ended.

My girlfriend and I stopped in here on a Saturday on the way to a friend's house because we were looking for a quick bite and this place had good reviews.  I love good frybread so I was excited to see what this place had to offer.  I was sadly disappointed.

I tried the Dev's chicken dish and my girlfriend tried another dish that I can't recall the name of.  I really can't believe that what came out was the standard that this place goes by.  The frybread itself wasn't bad but was pretty bland.  The rest of the stuff on top was even more bland than the frybread.  There were way too many refried beans on this thing and I think I got half of a head of lettuce on top of that.  I think there was chicken buried in there somewhere but it sure didn't taste like it.  There was absolutely no flavor to this thing which is impressive because the ingredients should have come together nicely (should have...but didn't).  I even tried to spice it up with the hot sauce they gave us and that had no flavor either.  My girlfriend didn't fare any better as her meal looked and tasted like a full can of refried beans and the other half of the head of lettuce that ended up on mine.

Shortly after we had begun eating some guy came out from the kitchen and asked if everything was ok.  The way he asked it though indicated that he was trying to see if he had made it correctly rather than simply seeing if we were enjoying the meal.  It was so awful that I simply didn't have the heart to tell the kid that it was some of the worst food I have ever had.

Please understand that I do not consider myself a food snob or anything like that.  This meal simply was poorly done and had zero taste to it.  I got through half of it and had to throw the rest away...and I hadn't eaten anything else all day so I was really hungry.  I also tried one of their house juice drinks that they had available.  The peach-melon sounded tasty.  It wasn't.  It tasted like drinking cantaloupe juice.

If you are a frybread company then you should at least do the frybread really well and then build on top of that.  This place just didn't have it together I'm afraid.
My mom lives in Avondale, so I went here when I visited her. 

I ate here two Tuesdays in a row -- once for lunch and once for dinner, and the quality was consistently good.

TASTE: DELICIOUS! 

I normally avoid fried food, but these frybreads did not feel heavy or overly greasy to me. 

For lunch, I had the chicken mojito frybread. They describe it on their website as "Grilled chicken in a lemon lime base sauce we call "Mojito" topped with cheese, lettuce & sour cream " I liked the sauce. It was not too much lime.

For dinner, I had a combo (FB #1: 1 red chile, 1 green chile, 1 Arizona, & 1 bean and cheese... the Arizona has beans, cheese, ground beef, lettuce, tomatoes, & sour cream). I couldn't decide, so it was fun to get a variety of small frybreads. My preferences in descending order were: Arizona, green chile, bean and cheese, and red chile. I didn't like the red chile -- the texture of the sauce was weird to me. The flavor was decent, but the sauce was a bit thick or something. Let me emphasize that all of the other three in the combo were great, though! Yum!

AFFORDABILITY: GREAT!

The lunch portions are slightly smaller and are sold in combos with drinks. I thought that lunch was VERY affordable. (Chicken mojito (lunch size) and a drink for $5.75.) If I lived or worked near here, I would be here for lunch regularly!

Dinner was more expensive, but my issue was with the price of the drink, not the price of the food. The soda was more than $2.00. Yes, there are free refills, but charging over $2 for a fountain drink is just too much. (Note: This is the reason why I did not give this establishment five stars.) 

If you are in Avondale, Goodyear, Tolleson, or Litchfield Park, you should check this place out! If you don't live on the southwest side, I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if you do drop by, you will not be disappointed.

During lunchtime on a Tuesday, business seemed to be hopping. Dinner time was less busy on a Tuesday, but there was also a balance of people eating in and people taking out.
My memories of having frybread come from going to the New Mexico State Fair in Albuquerque every year as a kid.  On the 3 hour drive up from Las Cruces, my mouth would already be watering.  The perfect mix of chile colorado con carne, beans, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and salsa placed ever so tenderly on top of a delicious frybread.  

Well, it was recreated when I took the first bite of my Buckeye Frybread. Red Chile AND green chile!  So flavorful and reminded me of home.

I also have to add that their red salsa is almost...almost as good as my dad makes!

I have no idea why it took me so long to get there...but I know it will be on our go-to place list from now on!  I will be spreading the word as well! 

What a hidden gem in Avondale!!!!
Best in the area.  All the variations were tasty! red chile, arizona, and chicken mojito.  Favorite is plain w honey.
The service was friendly and the cashier knew the menu. The restaurant was clean but sparsely decorated. The food was good but a little pricey for frybread. The toppings were tasty but a little on the light side. I don't have a huge appetite, but I left not quite satisfied. I will go back... The food was good, but I can get a lot more food for my money across the parking lot.
We were turned away because they said they were backed up with orders.   We said we would wait and they said they aren't taking nore orders.
I hate giving bad reviews but I gave this place 2 tries and both times it was an epic fail.  The shop itself is poorly decorated and arranges, it doesn't strike you like they know what they are doing.  The first visit the owners were running the show and were amazingly rude to my 3 year old.  If I hadn't paid I would have left.   The second time we decided to try their meals and not just the dessert and the fry bread was not only a huge disappointment but I was sick to my stomach all night.  Service is slow and rude and the food makes you sick.... I'd pass on this one unless you want dessert because who can screw up putting sugar and honey on a flatbread?
Seriously good food! The fry bread is so good and not greasy! They serve up big portions so be prepared to eat!  I love that they have expanded their delivery area and I plan on using them a lot for this (especially since the guy who delivers is HOT!)
I can't stop raving about this place and have no idea how there is not one single review for Love Empanadas.

Scroll over to the Fantastic Indoor Swapmeet at Decatur and Oakey (only on Fri-Sun 10am to 6pm)....You'll have to pay a dollar for admission but trust me, it's worth it.  Plus you can check out all other spots.

Head over to see Jorge and his amazing emapandas.  He serves chicken, fish, beef, and other specialties.  Each emapanda is 2-3 dollars and the crust is just perfect.  The fillings are individually crafted and has so much flavor.

There's a technique when you eat it.  Jorge will show you and is very enthusiastic.  You take the first bite of the crust and then he spoons some of his GOD-like chimichuri sauce inside so it seeps through the filling and as you bite through, you get all of the tasty goodness.

Jorge is so awesome.  You can tell he's really passionate about his craft.  I hope he gets more deserved attention.  I could really see him killing it at a Food Truck.  Someone with some skrill needs to invest in this man.  HIs emapandas are amazing and you'll feel better that you're supporting a class guy. 

Don't walk....bike, drive, run your tail there now and check it out.
The food is amazing here! And, it doesn't hurt that George is actually from Argentina either. The empanadas come in three different flavors: chicken, beef, and fish. The pastry is perfectly flaky and the seasonings inside of the empanadas is delicious. The garlic chimichurri sauce is also very tasty. My dad also orders the Italian sausage, and while I've never tasted them, I doubt my dad would continually eat bad food. So if you are ever at the Indoor Swap Meet stop by George's booth for some awesome Argentinian food and interesting conversation with the owner!
Found this place by accident at the fantastic indoor swap meet. Now I can't get enough! I live across town and drive each weekend to enjoy the empanadas. Totally worth the drive, and George is always happy to serve you. Also try the most amazing chimichurri sauce!!
If your looking for a great hidden food find, this is it!!!! I love, Love Empanadas!!
If you haven't tried George's empanadas, you're missing half of your life! Definitely the Empanada King of Las Vegas!
This is a new Thai restaurant that has opened in ne Mesa   It took over the old Roma Italian bldg on recker and mckellips  I had the green curry with chicken and veggies  delicious. And the pad Thai made with a wider noodle also very good also w/ lots of chicken  and the pot stickers good but not my fave .the staff is friendly .
The Rating is just a stop gap till I try it out. haven't really tried it out yet. Heard about it from a "close" friend. Went in on a Saturday evening and found it somewhat crowded. This used to be an Italian restaurant. The ambiance was decent, but wasn't really hungry enough to sit down and eat. Will try it the next time I am around the vicinity
I would like to start out my review with a warning to DIABETICS.  The sauce they use is extremely sweet.  It's some kind of super sweet syrup with salt and spices.  It would be a good idea to get the sauce on the side.

Other than that, the service is excellent!  The decor is very nice.  I couldn't help but notice the beautiful metallic paint on the walls.  The menu offers a great variety and over all the food is excellent.

They are closed on Mondays.
Good new Thai place in Mesa. Compared to Thai Patio, the portions are huge and just as good, and they usually get the spicy level just right for both me (3.5 on a 1-5 scale) and my girlfriend (2) on the curry. They have a fried shrimp appetizer that's also pretty good - definitely my favorite Thai in the area.
The only positive thing this place has going for it is the decor.  

I had Green Curry Chicken, but it was unlike any I had had before ... and not in a good way.  What I remember clearly is that the vegetables were cut/sliced too big, not cooked long enough and the sauce was very, very bland.   The food implied a technical familiarity with the the ingredients of Thai food but a complete lack of the artistry of it.   Thai food is all about a balancing of flavors and mouth sensations... 5 R Cha failed at that... miserably.

I've had frozen Thai dinners that were better.
Awful salty, chicken with unfresh aftertaste, lousy service  Never again.  Used to be good but went downhill quick after they RAISED the prices.
I've eaten here before and even though my first few experiences were good, I have had two bad experiences in a row.  Today the pad thai I ordered was goopy and bland. It was supposed to be a "3" on a scale from 1-5 but I think it was a big zero. I took my food to go and doubt I'll finish it. Even the flag hanging outside the restaurant is in shreds.  It looks like they just don't care anymore.
Had chicken & shrimp pad thai was very tasty and fresh, came w 8 large shrimp and enough for 2 meals so was worth the $14+. Crab Rangoon was just okay needs a bit more cream cheese a little too much imitation crab taste, ill be skipping that next time! Still 4 stars for the entree and freshness!
I was in Thailand for 11 months while in the US Military and I believe I know good Thai cuisine. This is the best Thai food I have found in Arizona.

For my first "test dish" in any Thai restaurant I always order Pad Thai. It is a common Thai dish and any good restaurant should know how to prepare it well. The Shrimp Pad Thai I ordered here was excellent . The shrimp were large and fresh.

My family all ordered take out and I sampled a little of their dishes also. Everything was excellent and priced reasonably.

I live in Tucson and have yet to find Thai food this good in my home town. 

The next time I visit the Valley I plan on trying the restaurant they have in Tempe.
As a person with a strange addiction to Thai food, I took the risk and entered this Thai food establishment in the middle of my new desert home. Mesa, AZ.  

The venue is well decorated and we were greeted quickly. The server was very well mannered and prompt with his service. 

We ordered up off of the lunch menu, Pad Thai (chicken) and Sweet and Sour (chicken) and an appetizer of Calamari.

The Calamari was great! nice and crispy. The Sweet and Sour chicken was different then we have ever had, however, still very tasty and good. The Pad Thai.....this is where I became a little disappointed. The noodles were sopping wet, I didn't order soup! And the portions were a little bit on the skimpy side. Not enough chicken to crispy tofu ratio compared to the amount of wet noodles I was eating. 

I will give this place a second chance. so look for an update.
5 R Cha Thai Bistro has consistently fresh, tasty food. Don't let the slightly tricky restaurant name turn you off. The staff are quick and efficient and the venue is roomy and comfortable. Plus, there's always sports on a large flat screen TV.

I highly recommend the Chicken Pad See Ew and Thai Tea. 

For a corner restaurant, this is a hidden gem. 

(There's plenty of room for wheelchairs/powerchairs.)
Seems like it's getting easier to find good Thai in Mesa!  
Dropped by Friday night. The parking lot looked busier than the it really was. Very pleasantly surprised with the interior. It's got a cute little outdoor area and the inside is tasteful and not gaudily decorated. The service was very good. We had Sweet and Sour chicken which was different than we're used to, but still very good. Also ordered up some Tom Yum with shrimp at a hotness of  #4 (out of 1-5). It was nice. I think next time I'll go for 5 though as the 4 didn't even make me sweat a little. The side of vegetarian pot stickers were good.  All the food came out quick and was extremely hot and freshly cooked. The men's room was clean and tidy.
5 R Cha is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley.  The ingredients are fresh, the staff is friendly, and the restaurant is clean.  The won-ton soup is by far the best (and freshest) I have ever had.  I will advise, I love "hot" and I can't handle 5 R Cha's "5".  They definitely add more heat than most places, which is fine, it's Thai food, but just a warning to those who don't like things hot.
This place has great food. I am never disappointed when I go and I ordered different things on the menu. Their service is quick and easy the facilities are clean and everyone is always courteous. I really like their green curry and wonton soup. I swear it helped cure my cold!! LOL!!! They deliver too!! Always a plus in my book.
Wow!!! I am in love with 5R Cha Thai Bistro. The yellow curry was amazing. Full of flavor, sweet and spicy and fresh. The service was top notch friendly and a relaxing quiet atmosphere.
Awesome.  pud thai very flavorful and the shrimp was cooked perfectly. It was cooked  native thai heat
Fantastic! I had the masaman curry and it was better than expected. I traveled all the way to Oregon for this quality curry so I'm thrilled to find this so close to home. I highly recommend this plate. Service was excellent as well. Can't wait to go back!
Went out to dinner with my cousin nd brother on a wed evening and settled on 5r cha  in mesa.   We were seated immediately (we were the only ones there) more people were ordering takeout.  Our drink and food order were quick and service was very friendly.  My brother and cousin ordered the specials:  a lobster noodle dish and a seafood saute.  I ordered a vegetable noodle dish.  Each order came separate and piping hot.  None of us were disappointed with the food or service.  Would definitely come back again.
Great service here and love the food. Always tasty with lots of flavor and big portions. We make it this a regular dinner date in Saturdays.
Amazing, thorough service! :) 5 stars
Delicious pineapple curry & fresh spring rolls! 5 stars. 
Pad Thai is a bit dry & bland for my taste. 3 stars.
Pretty good.

Had the yellow curry.  Not too spicy not too sweet.

The soup that came with the meal was a tad sweet, but not bad.
We have been looking for our 'go to' restaurant since we moved. We happened to go here on a whim one evening - and boy am I glad we did. This is my new favorite place. The food is fantastic, it's a nice calm atmosphere, and the staff is super friendly! I'm also very excited that they deliver. I am new to Thai food, so the staff has always been great at helping me find something that I will enjoy.. Everything that I have had is delicious. I love the Thai tea, and tonight I tried the pineapple curry and was very happy with my choice. I've been there twice within the last 2 weeks, and can't wait to go back!
Had lunch here for the third time in a month and each time was better than the last!  Server was extremely knowledgeable of the menu and offered great recommendations when asked.  Food, above and beyond.  Nice large servings, even at lunch.  The PZ Noodles were so good I took a full order home to share with the family last time.  The kitchen is also good at getting the spiciness just right.  Today we tried the Sweet and Sour w/shrimp, Chow Mein Noodles w/beef and a Ginger dish w/chicken.  We shared the three dishes with 3 of us and even had some leftover.

Not alot of customers during lunch, but we found it a great time to come since some evenings they are waiting out the door......thats a very good sign that this is a good place to Thai!
This place is great!  We recently moved to the Mesa area from Chicago.  We've been here several times and I've tried something new each time and everything has been fantastic!  And to top it off the service is always friendly and fast.
Oh .... my.....God!  5 R Cha  Thai Bistro is a wonderful alternative to Mexican food in the Mesa area.  I loved everything about this place: (1) the food: (2) the staff: (3) the ambiance: (4) the parking; (5) the location: and (6) the incredible warm and welcoming service.  The menu has a great selection of dishes.  There is the typical curry, but there is the crispy, fresh Green Papaya Salad.  The Penang Curry is rich, and the spice level of this dish is your choice.  The delicious Green Tea ice cream with Roti is also great.  I think some of these dishes have a Malay/Thai fusion and that is a great idea.  I love this place!!!!
I am so glad we tried this place, love the yellow curry...wish I could have it everyday.
polite waitresses and great food, been back twice already.

try this place and you will love it!!!
So sad.  We live nearby and though we would throw some local business their way.  Wife is Thai and the food is bad.  It is edible but I can't tell if they are bad cooks or just adjusted so much for White folks that the food barely tastes like Thai food.  So, So sad.
Went here for lunch today. The restaurant is clean and modern , very pleasant. I had crab fried rice, which had 5 ounces of crab on top of the fried rice with large pieces of fresh crisp vegetables.  The portion was huge.

My boyfriend had the BBQ steak with some sort of dipping sauce , fresh vegetables, rice and a vegetarian egg roll.  Even his lunch portion was large. He said it was one of the best lunches he's ever had.

All dishes can be ordered on a hotness scales of 1-5.
Great food and great service. Not the cheapest Thai food but definitely worth the price. They were referred to us by our Thai friend and love this place too. We recently moved to Mesa from west LA and got use to eating in Thai town and natalee thai. This place has satisfied our cravings for LA Thai. Any SoCal people reading will know what I mean. It's hard to compete with SoCal asian food of all nationalities...
Try looking at the behind the scenes operations of this place, mainly the cleanliness in the kitchen. The dining area is nice, and the food can be pretty tasty, good if you get the right thing. I used to like eating here a lot, until I saw the kitchen. Could be better, could be worse, good regular corner spot.
Wie bei Mama (wenn deine Mama ne super koechin ist) :) This is some serious German food. I had Schweinebraten (the most succulent pork roast) and Knoedel (potato dumplings). My partner had Jaegerschnitzel (tenderized, breaded, and fried meat with mushroom sauce) and Spaetzle (herbed pasta). The sauces were all amazing--perfect consistency and super flavorful without being a salt bath. We also got some Currywurst for the baby, who gobbled it up. We managed to sample some of the Currywurst when baby looked the other way and nearly cried with joy--a little taste of home! The dessert was great as well... though they were out of the chocolate mousse that we had wanted. My partner is German and we both miss German food--though now we don't have to go far to get it. Finally, a German restaurant that lives up to the knock-out flavors of traditional German cooking. We'll definitely be back.
Really good German food. 3 of us went in for a quick helping of currywurst and decided to share some more mains after that, we stayed for hours. The Nuernberger sausages and saurkraut was amazing. Desserts were tasty too. Staff were very helpful and friendly. The food is a tad expensive, currywurst  5.90..we got ours for 3.50 as it was currywurst week, it is not a dish worth almost £6, mains come in at about £10.It is BYOB which keeps the price down. Will defo be going back
Ah, German food. Schnitzel and fried potatoes, roast beef and dumplings, sausage, noodles ...  If I closed my eyes, I was transported straight to Germany, to a cosy wood-panelled room with chintzy curtains, little ornaments and lace everywhere you look. 

When I opened them again, I was back in a very basic wee cafe - a couple of posters blue-tacked to the walls and as many tables and chairs stuffed in as possible. Frankfurter Eck lacks elegance - but it more than makes up for it in the food.

BYO with no corkage, too. Book a table, starve yourself for the day, and go and eat your fill!
Another tiny store-front restaurant (a concept that is almost becoming Edinburgh's signature), this place is great. At first you wonder how such a tiny space can serve up proper hearty German food. There's certainly no room for busty Bavarian waitresses to barrel through with an armful of brimming steins. That would be doubly difficult considering they don't serve booze. But you can BYOB at no charge, which also makes this a cheap and cheerful dinner choice when you're feeling a bit skint.

The menu is basic, but who needs the illusion of choice when you have a handful of classics, all done well. The food served here is spot on, according to my hazy holiday memories. Hearty portions of authentic German grub. On my first visit I had tasty Vienna schnitzel with yummy fried bratkartoffeln. I'm already looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.

The décor is very, err, homely, if not to say basic. But the charm is in the simplicity, and the food, and the simplicity of the food. The waitress was very nice and the chef even came out to ask us how the food was. These friendly touches contributed to the homemade vibe. It's no-frills dining, cheap and cheerful, perfect for this time of year when the weather is heavy and your wallet is light.
I am a fan.  This place has great Ethiopian food.  I prefer their flavors better than Lalibella and Blue Nile.  Their prices are also comparable.  The service, however, is a bit lacking.  We ordered hot teas and were never once asked for a refill.  We also purchased bottle water because we were not sure if they offered regular tap water on ice.  But this restaurant has only been open for about four weeks.  So, hopefully they can improve on the service issues.  
We tried a variety of  meat dishes.  They were all really good.  Very flavorful and each dish had its own distinct flavor. Next time we will get less meet and some veggies.
Three of us went for a leisurely mid-afternoon lunch and enjoyed it thoroughly.  Solid Ethiopian food and friendly folks.  Not the place to go if you're on limited time, but make it a destination with some friends and you'll love it.  

If you're new to Ethiopian food, it's served communally on injeera, a crepe-like bread made from teff grain (an addiction of mine, I have to admit).  The dishes, meat and/or vegetable, are thickly stewed and heaped on the injeera; you tear off a piece and use it to scoop up the food.  My friends asked for forks to help, but I just dug in--hope you will, too, as it's half the fun of the experience.  Portions are generous (we had three substantial servings plus four more from our leftovers of one meat and one vegetable dish).  I won't go into the individual dishes, you just can't go wrong here.

And don't, by any means, skip the Ethiopian coffee service at the end of your meal.  Beans are roasted and ground on the spot (love the smell), then brewed over an open flame and poured into lovely demitasse cups.  Add some sugar, and . . . dessert!

BTW, the New Times mini-review said the restaurant is "in the back of a convenience store."  That info will help you figure out how to get into it (there's no "front," just a door), but it doesn't do justice to the Ethiopian market out front, which covers everything Ethiopian from colorful headscarves to cooking pots.  Be sure to stop on the way out for a tub of halawa (similar to halvah, which you may be more familiar with).  The sesame candy will keep you happy until your next visit.
This place is ethnic, and interesting.  It feels like your in another country; the customs are different and everyone is different from you and doin their own thang.  I liked it for that aspect.  However, the service takes a long time, so make sure you have the at least two hours to kill.  Also make sure you go with a few people, the cuisine is like chinese where you share all the dishes.  Also you might want to bring a bottle of water, they don't serve you your drinks until they serve your food. 

While I appreciate ethnic food, this was my first time trying Ethiopian.  There are many more meet dishes than I expected.  I have to admit there were left overs from our party of three, and I didn't eat mine, and neither did my friend who is an ardent believer in not wasting anything and an African from Tazania??

The coffee is good by the way.  They serve it at the end as well in a little tiny tea cup, but very flavorful rich tasting coffee, that even I who drink my coffee black, needed to add a itsy bitsy teespoon of sugar.
Cheaper than Lalibela and perhaps even more delicious! The food is amazing. I shared #5, the beef and lamb combination, with a friend, and we had some left over (and I eat a lot). 

We stayed for the traditional coffee, and it was SO great. It takes some time, so don't order the traditional coffee if you're in a rush. My friend, who spent time in Ethiopia, was so happy to have this experience again; it brought back all the memories.

You can munch on fresh popcorn and smell burning incense while the green coffee beans are roasting. They're roasted DARK! Then, the beans ground and freshly brewed in a beautiful pot. Served in tiny cups with or without sugar.

I can't wait to go back to this place!
Who would have thought eating without utensils could be so enjoyable?

The first time I ate here, I had no idea what to expect. My only other experience with Ethiopian food wasn't favorable, but I'm always willing to give food another chance. And I'm glad I did!

Ethiopian Famous Restaurant is an experience of its own. Tucked away in the back room of an African grocery store, it's unpretentious and very basic by all appearances. The food, however, stands out. I prefer the meat dishes over the vegetarian options, but that's not to suggest the latter isn't flavorful and fulfilling. I just really like meat.

Everyone I've taken here is initially skeptical--will they serve me dirty water and boiled rice?; am I going to get shot in that neighborhood? But upon eating here, they have all agreed that Ethiopian Famous is truly a remarkable restaurant.
Hey--it's an Ethiopian restaurant in Phx!!  What it lacks in decor, it makes up in the fact that it is prepared to order in the small kitchen in the back.  Definitely feels like you've stepped into another country, however, the food takes FOREVER to come out...be prepared to spend a good 45 min to an hour waiting for it.

I got a vegetarian dish and was not impressed.  Definitely not as good as other spots in the valley (like Lalibela).  So, if you're veggie, skip this place or don't expect to be as satisfied as the carnivores.
A must for anyone with a taste for international cuisine.

My wife and I shared the meat combo and vegetarian combo... Both were amazing, even our eight month old was eating the lentil dish.

They brought lightly sugared popcorn out after dinner and we polished off a pot of Ethiopian coffee (it's similar to Turkish coffee and is best without sugar). 

Definitely worth the trip and worthy of a repeat visit.
This place is definitely worth visiting.  The food, and the eating experience are unique and enjoyable.  Service is great.
Okay food.  Delicious coffee.
We ordered the meat and veggie combos for the table and everything was excellent. The dinner was topped off with the fresh roasted coffee and a tasty bread. 

The staff was very friendly and we had a good time talking about the food and the coffee. Make time to make this place a habit and keep them in the neighborhood. 

Parking in front and plenty of parking in the back. They also have takeout but it was such a delightful experience that I would hate to miss the time in the restaurant.
OK ... My first comment/question has nothing to do with this restaurant, per se; but maybe someone can help me out:  I've been to four different Ethiopian restaurants in PHX so far and three of the four have clear, plastic tablecloths on the tables.  Is there something I'm missing?  Is my grandmother driving to Ethiopian restaurants and covering their tables with plastic?  If they had couches, would those be covered in plastic, too?

Elderly-grandmother decorating aside -- and in a hot place like PHX, plastic tablecloths can actually be an uncomfortable decoration to have -- it's true, as one reviewer wrote, that decoration is basic.  And ceiling fans would probably make a big difference to making the place feel a little less hot and claustrophobic, too.  I also read a few people's comments about it taking 45 minutes for the food to come out.  Perhaps because there were only a very few people when we arrived our food only took 15 minutes to come out, but I saw no sign of foot dragging here.

We had the combo meat and veggie platter, as we have at every Ethiopian restaurant we go to.  It's gotten to a point, where we've convinced ourselves, that true Ethiopian food only comes in mixed platters.  

How did this platter stack up?  Well, as far as it being good for two, as they claim on the menu, I would say, that unless you are very healthy eaters ("healthy" as in "gluttonous"), the claim is justified.  But you won't be bursting at the seams when you're done (and, here's a hint:  you're not supposed to when you eat in a healthy manner).  Still, if you DO like to eat, two people splitting this might not work.

One reviewer wrote, that for $11.99 for two people (the cost of the platter), you couldn't beat the price.  That's true.  However, to be fair, I should point out, that for $2.00 more, the same platter is much larger at Gojo, has more items, more bread and is much tastier.  That is NOT to say, that this platter is not worth every penny of the $11.99.  Let's just say, if you're REALLY hungry, you'll want to order this at Gojo and pay the extra $2.00.

The owners are quite friendly and always ready to give advice, converse and do Ethiopian food justice (though they're not Ethiopian ... ask them where they're from and let's see how geographically savvy you are!).

We decided, that this place is well worth the hype it gets.  We still like Gojo better for several reasons.  But if aliens dropped down from one of Saturn's moons and kidnapped the cook at Gojo, we would definitely pick this as an alternate place instead of slitting our wrists in despair.

Well done.

OH!  One VERY important postscript:  this place has a dinner buffet for a very reasonable price on Friday nights.  Considering the only evening buffets I've ever seen in the Valley at nights were Chinese  (most other places I've run into have buffets for lunch only), the buffet is probably a fantastic deal.  (Though I'm not sure I have any stretch-pants left in the closet to risk it).
Our agency has ordered delivery from this restaurant several times.  The food is always delicious and healthy. We love this place and will keep ordering from there!
Great value. Delicious food. Friendly staff.

I totally passed by it while driving though, since it wasn't well lit. Maybe the sign was off, or there was no lit sign. Either way, I'm glad I tried it!
Definitely a "meh" - everything seemed lacking here --- lackluster service, bland food -- it just wasn't a hit (and at $20 for two for lunch it was a definite "not again")

Atmosphere was dreary

Lamb (yebeg kilkil) was a bit dreary -- a mixture of ground lamb and lamb chunks -- very watery sauce --- wicked sweet

Yellow beans were good --- nothing amazing

Injera bread = OK --- a little more dense than I like

But definitely dreary atmosphere --- went at 12:30 on a Friday --- no one but a few Ethiopian regulars eating alone, dark, plastic tablecloth, grimy feel

Still looking for that nice "go-to" Ethiopian restaurant in Phoenix --- need one, this not it
We go here pretty regularly so obviously our opinion is positive.  The service is friendly if not hyper efficient or attendant. The food is consistently good quality w veg dishes generally stronger than meat.
Ordered the Combo meal, and it was very appetizing! Ethiopian coffee was amazing, strong fresh floral to the taste.  Highly recommend this place if you are looking for new healthy delicious meals.
What a delicious surprise!  Do not be deterred by the location or looks! While the restaurant was quite empty on a Sunday night at 730, we were greeted like friends and ate an amazing vegetarian meal. We ordered the vegetarian combo plate and it was more than enough for my boyfriend and me.  It was full of flavor and perfect combinations of spice, sweetness and a touch of sour to dip with excellent injera. we were treated to a taste of Ethiopian coffee (very sweetened) and they had just pan-roasted it, bringing the beans out to us to smell before making the coffee!  We will definitely be back when in the area!
Got the combo plate, which was fun and delicious! Service was very friendly and attentive. Don't miss the coffee! Also, don't be deterred by the appearance from the outside, or it's location in a semi-strip mall of liquor and pizza joints - it's great!
Super health minded prepared meals and snacks.  Worthy of a stop in for any person short on time and big on health.
This place is great for the person who wants to eat better but really doesn't have the time or know how to put together good and healthy meals!  The food is healthy, well proportioned, convenient and pretty yummy too.  You can eat there, grab & go or pick up meals for several days and the prices are reasonable.  The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable and will show you how it works with no pressure. 

I just started the 21 day challenge.  Liz is my coach.  She spent a good hour asking me about my life style, goals and challenges and then she explained how it all works in terms that made sense and were motivating. Basically, its like this...Liz picks out everything that I'm going to eat during the challenge and even gave me a schedule for what time to eat.  All I have to do is pick up my meals 2X a week.  On top of that, Liz  will call me or email me daily to make sure I'm doing alright and to hold me accountable.  Also, if I'm in a situation where I can't eat My Fit Foods...like a client dinner or I'm traveling for work, Liz will help me with choices.  Seriously, she said that I can just tell her where I'm going and she'll figure it out.

Literally, I don't have to shop, cook or clean.  I don't have have to worry about making the right choice because all the right choices are being made for me.  I mean, I'm pretty sure that every excuse for not getting in to better habits has been obliterated.  Now, we'll just see if it works.
So its the third week of January and I like many of you have a new years resolution of getting into better shape. We can all go to the gym drink all the water we need and eat healthy when we plan, but what if that plan goes right out of the window due to your hectic daily life? I know what I do I tend to try and eat something fast that is "healthy" Well much to my surprise most fast "healthy " options are as about as healthy as a snickers bar. 

But My Fit Foods is different. It is a great concept with pre-made, pre-portioned and delicious meals ready for you on the spot. They also have a very knowledgeable and approachable staff. Their staff doesn't try and corner you into buying a bunch of stuff that will be the answer to all of your problems. 

I stopped in for a quick bite in between meetings  and was greeted immediately. I was recommend to the turkey meatloaf with sweet potato walnut mash. I was very happy with it and the price! 

This place has a lot to offer that I haven't even had a chance to look at yet like their 21 day challenge, nutrition coaching and I am sure of a lot more. If you are looking for a well priced truly healthy meal for your on the go life style then My Fit Foods is your answer.
After a busy and exciting first day back in school (last semester in college was seven years ago!), I was hungry and unsuccessful in finding anything interesting near the college.  I decided to find something close to home, but was distracted and missed my exit.  I soon found myself near Gainey Ranch.  I spotted a new restaurant there and decided to check it out, and soon found myself in the parking lot of not where I wanted to go to, but of My Fit Foods.  From the outside, MFF looked like a GNC, or a vitamin shop.  A quick check on the Yelp app confirmed that it was a pre-packaged health food place where I might find something quick to eat.

I went in and headed straight to the refrigerated section to see what everyone else was searching through and found pre-packaged foods from floor-to-ceiling.  There were breakfast items, such as burrito wraps and oatmeal combos, as well as small to large servings of lunch and dinner options, as well as some snack items.  Since these were pre-packaged, I quickly decided I'd have to look for nutritional and ingredients' info online, or I would be taking a lot of someone's precious time investigating for food allergens.  I met Brian, who quickly kept me from leaving, and instead, told me he would help me w/ identifying which foods I would have to stay away from.  A few minutes later, we were left w/ less than two handfuls' of items to choose from-- what a friendly and upbeat guy!  (Qualities of a great salesman.)  He even invited me to take a dish home to try, gratis!  

I asked if there was a membership I could sign up for, and he said yes, I could open up a "house account," where for $500, I would save 5% on purchases, whereby giving me $525 to spend however I choose, whenever I choose.  I could walk in and choose the items I wanted, or I could place the order online or by phone, and then come in whenever it's convenient for me (during business hours, that is) to pick up my order.  If I only didn't have so many food allergies to contend with, I think the products here are a convenient way to ensure I eat healthily, following a low-carb 40/40/20 diet, and lose weight, if I choose to.  I must admit that while the tofu, spinach, salsa, and quinoa-stuffed yellow bell pepper meal I tried was bland at the start, after adding a little bit of salt, it was actually quite delicious, and very satisfying!  Thank you for the inspiration on how to prepare a new dish, Brian!  

While I may not become a regular customer, I would definitely recommend My Fit Foods to anyone I know who would like to be able to eat healthier and lose weight, and who would not want to, or could not, prepare every meal they eat themselves.  These pre-packaged foods are perfect to take w/ you to work.  Just heat, and eat!  

A quick note: There is a nutritionist on-staff, who you may speak with if you have any other concerns that a regular staffer may not be able to address, although Brian was very thorough.  I'm not sure, but I would think that getting a more-personalized menu might be possible.  I'll have to inquire more the next time I stop by to confirm this!
My Fit Foods is a great idea, and the food is great. I really would recommend this place to everyone and have.  I do however have two issues: 1. The lack of variety of sides.  I feel like everything has the same side.  The salmon has broccoli only, for example. 2. The customer service there is so overbearing.  I feel so much pressure by the employees from the minute I walk in. The ask me how I'm doing, have I been there before, do I have any questions, do I need any recommendations, can they hold my food while I'm waiting, etc.  Despite the fact that I have been there several times, they still hound me. I feel the need to be rude to the just so I can take a minute and look around.  Or I just grab the salmon and blot to the register.  It's really an overwhelming feeling, my friends have mentioned it as well. I know they mean well but it would really be a much better atmosphere if they if they acknowledged me, ask if I needed anything and then stepped away. I'm sure people do have questions and would like information about the store, but those customers will present themselves.  Not every consumer needs to be pounced on when they walk in.  Ultimately though, the ease of having a healthy lunch in two minutes is worth putting up with the extraordinary customer service.
I was in the neighborhood and decided to stop by for a quick bite - not knowing anything about it. Having been the previous locations of Dish and The Kitchen, I thought it would be something similar... but was surprised to see it was more of a take out / healthy tv dinner concept. I got a great little intro to the place from the staff and purchased their turkey meatloaf/mashed sweet potato recommendation and warmed it up there... YUM! My only hesitation was that the packaging was in plastic... and microwaving plastic just doesn't seem healthy. The prices are reasonable and if you are looking for glutton free - there are a ton of options... however it would be nice if they explored different packaging... maybe the paper boxes? I'd go again for the food, but may opt to bring home and warm up on a plate or in glass...
The food is seriously amazing. Healthy, good fast food is such a rarity. One can eat Subway a few times before you never want to go back. MFF has a nice variety to choose from for any meal. The meal plans are helpful but if you already cook a lot, prolly don't need to do it. I grab a few lunch meals and keep them in my work fridge for the week.
Great awesome fantastic what else can I say. I started getting all of my food breakfast lunch and dinner plus snacks in February now two months or so later I am down 30 pounds and my blood pressure is way down also. Good healthy food and great people what more can you want?
I like eating healthy but like good tasting food too. I stopped in to pick up a quick take out lunch. I liked that they had lots of choices for lower calories than most  healthy choice restaurants. And the food was good. Chicken and sweet potato was pretty tasty. 
What impressed me most were the women who worked there. Very helpful, courteous and gave real recommendations without being pushy. I felt comfortable asking questions and taking my time to choose. 

I  will be back!
I walked in and told the cashier I had never been here before. A customer who over heard me turned around and said this place is great, you will be addicted. I bought a chicken taco bowl for today's lunch and chicken enchiladas for tomorrows lunch (I apparently like Mexican food). Both meals look fabulous and are packaged very nicely. I got back to work and heated the taco bowl up. It was very good. It had lots of flavor and was very fresh. It defiantly did not taste like one of those frozen prepackage meal that I am sure we have all eaten (Healthy Choice, Smart Ones, Lean Cuisine). My only complaint was the price. I feel like 6.95 is a little spendy for the amount of food you get especially when those other pre packaged meals are around $2 a piece. However the whole point of eating fit is portion control. They do have 2 challenges. One is a 3 day challenge for $75 and the other is a 21 day challenge for $500. Each day comes with 2 snacks, breakfast, lunch and dinner. I will not be partaking in the challenges but I would defiantly pick up a meal or 2 during the work week for my lunch.
about a minute ago
My Fit Foods was a very unique healthy fast food type of a place.  It is not prototypical fast food in the sense the food is prepared right in front of you real fast.  The food is already made, but there are several selections for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks.  All of the items are roughly 300 calories or less.  The serving portion is smaller, but it is just right for any normal human being.

I just got finished from playing tennis, and I was hankering something spicy for some reason.  I went with the Indian choice option, and it tasted very much like Indian food, and the best part is that it was very healthy.

You can either heat up the food there in the microwaves or take it home to eat.
A great option in the area if you're looking for healthy, pre-made meals. They have breakfast, snack, lunch and dinner options. I tried the buffalo chicken wrap as well as the salmon. The buffalo chicken wrap was excellent, but at 300 calories, it was half of a wrap with 5 carrots and a side of bleu cheese dressing. Good if you're on a diet for portion control, but may require more food if you're hungry.

For dinner I had the salmon which was delicious. Just about 2 minutes in the microwave and you're set. This meal, on the other hand, completely filled me up.
 
Prices range from $5-10 from what I could see. Very cool concept that I'm sure does well!
Just completed the 21 day challenge today, and I've been dying to write this review! I walked in 21 days ago, intending to just grab a healthy lunch after a friend told me about My Fit Foods. It took me about 5 minutes to be sold on the food (it's stuff I would normally eat anyway!), so I decided to press the easy button and sign up with Molly. This was probably the best decision of my life. 

I am reasonably fit, not considered overweight, and was hoping to lose only 8 lbs. so my clothes would fit better. I have struggled with blood sugar issues, adult acne, sluggishness, and anxiety my whole life but it had gotten particularly bad in the past 6 months. So you could say that I was meant to walk into this place when I did.

On the 21 day challenge, you eat 3 meals a day plus 2 snacks so you are NEVER hungry. At least I wasn't. In fact, it's quite an adjustment to eat on a 3 hour schedule consistently. There were two times where I had to be away from a microwave or whatever for dinner, so I heated up my meals hours earlier and put them in a thermos. I did this for the turkey chili and happily gobbled it up at NYPD while my family chowed down on pizza.

I found the food to be quite tasty, and much of it spicy which I like. I could eat this food the rest of my life and not feel like I'm missing out. But again, I was a pretty healthy eater to begin with.

My results from the 21 day challenge:

* I had really bad caffeine withdrawals the first 5-7 days (no caffeine or alcohol on the plan), not fun. Might want to pare down the caffeine slowly prior to embarking on the 21 day challenge. No alcohol wasn't an issue for me, I just drank caffeine free tea.
* I lost 6.5 lbs, my goal was 8. This was my fault though, because my cheat meals (you are permitted 1 per week) were way overboard. One of them I did a full-on tasting and wine pairing (remember, you're not supposed to drink alcohol for the 21 days!)  I'm just going to continue for a couple more days until I get to my goal.
* My nasal allergies totally stopped. I've had TWO sinus surgeries for chronic sinusitis. This was totally crazy and unexpected, and makes me think that I have food allergies or sensitivities that I need to get tested. I shudder to think I could've avoided two sinus surgeries in 5 years by changing my diet.
* My acne is GONE. Totally gone. I wonder if it was the dairy I was drinking/eating before? 
* My shakiness, night sweats, anxiety, and heart palpitations related to blood sugar fluctuations are completely gone.
* I am WAY calmer with my kids! I really think the caffeine increased my cortisol/stress hormone levels through the roof. You don't realize how dependent you are until you go through withdrawals.
* This is probably the strangest one and too-much-information, but my PMS disappeared too. I searched diet changes & PMS and found that everything that is suggested to ease PMS symptoms are in this diet (reduce caffeine, low fat diet, keep blood sugar stable, take B vitamins). It never even occurred to me that diet & PMS were related.
* I wake up in a good mood and ready to start the day. I have never been a morning person, especially without caffeine. I am addicted to the Fit Foods morning drink (cranberry juice, water, 1/2 squeezed lemon, 1-2 oz liquid B-12, apple cider vinegar). I will drink it the rest of my life!

I can't thank you enough Molly & My Fit Foods!
Okay, this place is amazing. Healthy meals,  gluten-free options, decent portions and you can choose small, medium or large size. Calories right on the packaging. Cut up portions, microwavable containers. 
I love this because at work I sometimes have very brief breaks so I can eat the "snack" portions and then eat a lunch or dinner when I have more time. Great concept, reasonable prices and the food is prepared right there on the other side of a glass wall. Clean prep area so you know what you are getting. 
I'm just mad I discovered this place now after driving by it for a year. Stop in and check it out. They have a 21 day challenge you can take also.
I can't possibly say one bad thing about this place.  I have been going here for 6 months or so now and I don't know what I would do without it! My husband is equally as obsessed.  It takes some time to figure out what you love and don't love and I even find myself on a "kick" of eating certain meals because it's THAT good! I know some people have an issue with the price but I couldn't make this food at home for the price of a MFF meal (trust me I have tried).  I either throw away uneaten portions, get sick of the same thing over and over again or just can't get it flavorful enough while still keeping it clean, low cal and gluten free.  

Make sure you try to My Fit Cocktail! I am drinking it as I type this review :) 

Since I have started eating gluten free I have had ZERO sinus issues, my autoimmune condition has cleared up and I have lost about 5 pounds.  Try a 21 day challenge and you will never go back!
I'm all about healthy eating... most of the time.  

I'm also all about enjoying some not-so-healthy splurges on occasion; everything in moderation, right?  

And lastly, I'm going on my 38th week of being pregnant, and throughout this pregnancy, I have to admit, I've been extremely time-challenged and not had much desire to cook.  

Enter My Fit Foods...

My husband started picking up some meals and snacks from MFF sometime within the last 10 months.  We've actually given them a ton of business, and I'm sure will continue to do so considering we enjoy the quality of their food, the portion sizes, convenience, the service, etc... oh yeah - and the fact that they are healthy too!

Sure, it can be pricey, and I advise only purchasing what you know you'll eat within a few days.  We've had a few instances where the food sits too long and goes past expiration date and goes to waste.  But, when you plan ahead, MFF really is fabulous.

Some of our favorite dishes:
*Breakfast: protein pancakes and oat bakes - our toddler loves the pancakes and I love the oat bakes!

*Lunch / Dinner: I enjoy most of the salmon and chicken dishes.  The cobb and/or greek salads aren't bad either.  My husband is also a fan of Denyse's Killuh Chili; I have yet to try it though.

*Snacks: almond butter crunch / fit-to-go

***I'm not a big fan of the bars or cookies, and I don't recommend the wrap sandwiches either.  I do however love that they sell Chobani yogurt.  It's my favorite but I purchase it at the grocery store.

As soon as this baby arrives and I'm ready to get fit and drop the lbs I've been putting on, I may consider one of MFF's 21 day challenges.  Let me know if you're interested in joining me!
I have been into My Fit Foods off and on in the past & I have always had a positive outcome.

Recently I have started the 21 day challenge and had the pleasure of meeting with Molly for the FREE nutritional counseling that My Fit Foods offered me. A GREAT added bonus for buying my food here.

I am currently training for a fitness competition next year and I am doing this to try and make an easier transition into the diet and making healthier choices with my diet. 

Molly and the team at My Fit Foods has been great about helping me with this transition. They call to remind me of my pick ups and make it easy for me to get around my likes and dislikes and still stay on track.

I would recommend this to anyone looking to break their bad dietary habits, get back on track and more or less get some good nutritional education. 

Thanks,

Kelly Kristen
A breath of fresh air really...
 I visited MFF for the first time today and the friendly and no pressure staff made it easy. I am just trying it out and bought enough items to last me three days. I actually could not wait to get home to try it out and have my first snack which consisted of cubed chicken, grapes, walnuts as well as orange and grapefruit segments and it was delicious. 

It's hard to fault the quality as everything was super fresh and just perfectly portioned. For dinner I had their chicken with sauteed vegetables and thought it was also quite tasty...As for the price...well it's not exactly cheap but neither is going out to eat --I like the fact the items are prepared fresh and all you have to do is heat it up...I love the time saving factor, the  no messiness of it all and the fact I can plan my meals with ease knowing that will be eating something healthy while accomplishing my fitness goals!
What a great concept MFF is. I ate the food at the Scottsdale location on and off for about a year. Not everyday, but frequently enough to say I was a regular. The menu never changed and I was ok with that - healthy food comes at a cost, and it doesn't always taste great. The results are what matter.
After a year I was so burnt out, I could no longer force the bland meals down. I had a few favorites that I would come back to, but overall there wasn't much change. 
Then I went to MFF in Southlake, Texas this past Christmas. The meals were great and I was excited that they changed the menu and added some new items. 
Fast forward to this week. I had some of those same new items at the Scottsdale location. The Pork Tacos were so tough, fatty and overcooked that I threw away the whole meal. Angry. The corn tortillas are rock hard after you microwave them. Absolutely pathetic food. 
I was also disappointed that the breakfast staple "Good Morning Sunshine" had been changed. She told me they now add tomato sauce to the ground turkey. Terrible idea. 
I've decided that the chefs at the Scottsdale location use low quality ingredients and don't cook up to the standard of other MFF locations. 
Time to try Sunfare here in AZ.
First off, I would like to say that I was kinda upset at myself that it took me 12 days (out of 14) to discover this place. 

I walked in about 10 minutes before they closed, I hate doing this but I was starving. The 2 young ladies were more than helpful and willing to stay open a little later for me. 

I am currently enjoying the Paleo diet. If you don't know about it look it up. But it is kinda a pain to do when you are traveling. OK its a huge pain. This store though helped me out. Wish I would have found it earlier. 

They cater there food to different diet restrictions, paleo, gluten free... you get the gist. 

The have all meals covered, breakfast, lunch and dinner. I didn't think that I would be full with the large portion so I purchased the large and medium. It was a wise choice. I took home (hotel room)some pork and some chicken. Popped them in the micro and BAM hot food! 

If you can eat anywhere or anything, this might not be your best stop. BUT if your looking for ready made Paleo food...STOP HERE!!!
I have been going to My Fit Foods for about 6 months, I have referred several people and love the concept.  Sadly, after one more inconsistent meal, I've given up.  The first few months were great but since then, inconsistent meals every time!  

I mentioned the inconsistencies on a few occasions but it has not improved. The breakfast tacos were my favorite but on several occasions the spice was so overpowering and hot that I couldn't even enjoy them.  (And I LOVE really hot SPICY food, these were beyond spicy hot, today, they were inedible).  The corn shells were apparently old as they completely crumbled and would have needed to be eaten with a fork.  They were already broken apart when I opened the container so I find it hard to believe whomever was preparing the food didn't realise there was an issue.

I really wanted to love this place..... great concept and everyone that works there is beyond friendly!  They just really need to work on consistency of their meals and quality of food being used. :(
Love this place. Perfectly portioned meals in small, medium and large. Not to mention 21 day challenge is awesome. U only have to pay for the food not the nutritionist advice. They make everything fresh and super easy for u to go in and pick up. Great drinks too. Healthy versions of soda that tastes like soda but without the bad additives and sugar. I will keep coming back!!!!
Was in the neighborhood driving by and spotted a sign for Nigerian cuisine in a little ethnic strip mall. Wasn't really hungry but shoot I've ever had Nigerian food before. I'm curious and I pull over and pay the restaurant a visit. I enter with who I assume is the owner is watching Nigerian TV is also the cook and server. She tells me that they've been open for six weeks. I peer over the menu, unfamiliar with everything the owner recommends jollof rice with choice of stewed meat: goat chicken, fish, beef or a mixture of beef and goat. Craving something more gamey opted for the goat and wash it down it a Vitamalt (Nigerian coke). 

She heads back to the kitchen after taking my order and out she comes with one plate containing a rather slim, boney portion of meat and another plate containing the jollof rice topped with several slices of plantain. I'm disappointed by the small portion of goat in comparison to the larger rice plate I receive. Strangely one portion of the goat is falling off the bone tender while others are a little tougher. The rice on the other hand is nice and fluffy, reminding me of Spanish rice. The plantains are nicely cooked with their bark brown caramelized edges. Solid. Decor is sparse with the exception of a flat screen and considering that I was the only patron in the restaurant, I would've liked a little more attention. Seemingly a little distant, I got the vibe that perhaps she wasn't used to seeing an Asian cat dining at a Nigerian spot. All good though, I'll be returning soon as I'm in that neighborhood every week. Hopefully I don't face the same experience next time I try their other offerings.
Do not go to this eatery.I repeat do not go eat at this establishment.
My girlfriend and I went here looking for goat meat and got the worst food and service ever.First they did not have anyone to sit anyone or greet guests as they entered the restaurant.The onwer lady came from the back and sat us.They took a long time to take our order since there was no wait staff.When the food got there it was all wrong.The owner had said its goat meat.He gave us goat stew which had fish in it.We did not want any fish-he kept concinvicing that there was no fish-just stock fish(whats' the difference?)There was little meat to be had and plenty of stuff you did not want.Also when addressed the owner wanted to argue with us.Wrong!you never argue with a customer.I wanted lemon in my water for a little bit of taste.He did not have any so he went to the store and bought limes came and cut them up and tried to pass them off as lemons.Am not dumb I know limes from Lemons-get me some Lemons.The food was so-so to so-bad.Service was awful and not worth the expensive ticket meal.The Menu was not extensive and choices have to be offered for a complete dining experience.Do not go to this eatery at any rate.#atyourownrisk!
Well I was happy to eat amala ati egusi iyan naa fele dada aaa ,matin pada laipeee
Average naija food. Not bad, but not great either. Seems to be a spicy hot slant on the dishes, not a bad thing if one likes spicy food (like myself), but if not (like my girlfriend) prepare to shed tears and chase down each bite with liquid anesthetic (water, soda etc). Nice lady running establishment. :)
This was my first time in a Nigerian restaurant as I normally enjoy the cuisine at the homes of friends. The decor was sparse but the hospitality and spices were over abundant. I attempted to eat the Jollof rice and goat meat but gave up after a few bites. My Louisiana roots had not prepared me for the West African spice the proprietor graciously heaped upon my plate. The portion was worth the cost but I took mine to go. Next time I'll ask for the child's version of mild and a glass of milk to be safe. The flavor I was able to ascertain was above average. My Nigerian boyfriend enjoyed his cuisine and my pain. I would definitely recommend this to friends.
Located right next to the Indian market in a plaza just south of the university, this restaurant is a little treasure. Actually, it seats a fair amount of folks, but I was the only diner Thursday afternoon. I had the lunch special--a huge plate of jollof rice and plantains and two large and meaty chicken drumsticks plus a can of soda for eight dollars.
Delicious! When in Vegas my taste buds crave and appreciate an outing to Nigerian Cuisine. Comfy, so-so decor, but yummy food! If I wanted decor, I'd be in Ikea, given that its stomach that is doing review 4 strong stars. :)
This place changed ownership in June 2013 and thankfully changed cooks. I have been here several times in the past few months and have been forced to taste more exotic cuisines.  The food is actually very flavorful. I have had the egusi with pounded yam,  plantain plate, jollof rice, and meat stew with goat meat. Each time my hesitation was met with delight and maybe a slight taste of hesitation.  The new owners have changed the decor (thankfully) and provide entertainment in the form of a big screen TV.  

They strive to create a place to commune and enjoy good food and great company. The fifth star is missing due to lack of a liquor license at this time.
This is the second closest place to my office, at about one short block away, and I am happy it is there.

I have only been once, and plan to go again to try other items on the menu.  I like the setup of the menu:

1.  You pick your entree based on what flavors you are in the mood for
2.  You pick your protein (Chicken, Pork, Beef, Tofu, Shrimp).
3. You pick your spice level from a scale of 1 - 5

I tried the "Ginger Heaven" with the beef with a heat level of 4 (Hot).

It was quite good.

The only drawback is that I was the only customer in the place at a few minutes before noon.  They don't really have a sign yet, and the location is not known for its restaurants, despite the fact that there are three right there.

I am not claiming it is the best Thai food I have ever had, but it was certainly good.  It is, however, the best Thai food I can walk to from my office, and that is a big deal, at least for me.
Went for a second time--  Excellent green curry.  Probably one of the best green curry I have ever had.  The presentation was beautiful (see picture), the service was good, there were several other customers there this time, and the place is new and clean.
First time visit and hoping for good times. Stopped in to do a simple lunch (takin it slow!) and it was just what I had in mind. Got the Oriental Eggplant dish #3 spicy (med) heat, with chicken. Vegetables fresh and crisp, and mild sweetness to the eggplant. Good size lunch portion for $8 too. Have never had the dish, but loved it, and already a favorite! Not really fair to give it 5 stars on one lunch, but will be back!
I went here tonight with a friend and it was totally empty. The woman who worked there was nice enough, sat us, and took our order. My problem with this place is the same problem I have with a lot of Thai food restaurants in the area....it's lacking flavor! I had the drunken noodles.  I ordered my food medium spicy and it was lacking spice. Additionally, the noodles just didn't have a lot of flavor in general. When it came out, the outside portion of the noodles were luke warm like they had sat for awhile...and we were the only customers there. It just wasn't worth the 10$ when I could go to other Thai places and get more flavor for less money. 


PS the place is very cute inside so there's that.
Today I got the "Pad Z U" lunch special.  While the noodle texture is delicious (and super thin) the seasoning was a bit lacking in my opinion.  None the less, the meal is satisfies my Thai cravings and the portion size is not bad.
I found this place one day while wandering aimlessly during my lunch break. I'm glad I did, as it's tasty, fresh, and a hit with friends. In an area swamped by Thai cuisine, 5 R Cha stands out with surprisingly delicious food. 

The only thing keeping me from dropping a fifth star up there are four large-screen TVs tuned in to American sports or news channels. While the food is faboo, the place lacks any sort of atmosphere and that takes something away from the overall experience.
*Simply the greatest Pad Thai I've had so far!!!*
**** It was FANTASTIC!! Also the Thai BBQ Chicken was delicious with steam brown rice and veggies. The BBQ Chicken breast just need a bit more flavor, they seemed a bit dry and maybe even over cooked, other than that the service was great and the place looks wonderful inside. I loved the colors!!
**** See ya again soon!! :)
great for your lunch thai food fix! they always have it ready in 10 minutes. I have never ate there but it seems nice enough. i usually get the yellow curry with tofu. very large helping for only $7!
The food here is amazing! No really, I am not kidding.

I came here to try a curry dish. It's been awhile and I wanted to satisfy my craving. I chose the red curry, medium spice with chicken. Vegetables had a crisp, fresh taste which I appreciate. I can't stand it if the vegetables have been cooked for too long! 

There was just enough spice to have some bite but  my mouth did not feel like it was on fire!

There was just enough basil, plenty of chicken and rice. Hands down, the best red curry I have had. 

Moving on to the Thai iced tea. It's amazing! You will want seconds and thirds of this drink. I actually, went back to work and made my co-workers try it so they would believe just how good it was. 


This 5 R Cha Thai diner is the location next door to Thai Elephant which I originaly wanted to try but I accidently came in here. Probably the best accident I have had.

I will be back here again and again. 

Did I mention, service here is wonderful? Food was ready in probably about five minutes. The lady behind the counter was very sweet and took the time to help me choose a curry dish.
Review 150...and it is all because of the Yelp Mobile App!

Just when I thought I had tried all of the Thai restaurants in reach of the Valley Metro limosines that run by my apartment, there are MORE!

5 R Cha is very well located in relation to the Tempe Transit Center and the ASU campus, as has previously been noted.  My travels had me at the door at 11:15.  On walking in, I was the only person in the restaurant.  I was greeted by someone who walked out of the kitchen.  He advised Waitress would be along directly.

I perused the menu and saw Som Tom, the yardstick by which I measure every Thai restaurant.  Putting the menu down, I took in the decor, multiple big screens with no volume and the best of the 70's, 80's and 90's on the radio.  The walls and floor are dark, the light shades in a variety of colors.  It is cool and comfortable, with room for what I would guesstimate is 100 people.

Waitress came, picked up a menu and asked me where I would like to sit.  I chose a bench seat near the window on the west side.  As Waitress handed me the menu, I advised I already knew what I wanted.  In ordering Som Tom, I asked that the shrimp and green beans be omitted and asked for a preparation spicier than the chef had ever prepared, and a side of steamed rice.  

Waitress took my order to the kitchen and returned with a glass of water and the soup that apparently is part of the lunch special.  She asked if I wanted my salad Thai hot.  This is usually a good sign that the preparation will come out with a bit of heat.  Unfortunately, that was not the case.  

Waitress came with my salad in about 7 minutes.  As requested, no green beans or shrimp were present.  The preparation lacked heat, and I requested some chile.  Portion size was decent, about 1 1/2 cups.  On returning with the chile, I doctored up to about a 5.  The requisite flavors were all there, but they were surprisingly muted.  It reminded me of a preparation of the seasoning, garlic, fish sauce, lime juice and palm sugar, that was poured onto the shredded papaya instead of preparation with mortar and pestle.    

The steamed rice never appeared...and I came to being OK with that.  There was not enough of the seasoning for me to use to extend the savory bliss a few minutes more.  

In speaking with Waitress at the register, she said next time I came in, she would be sure to have the salad prepared with more heat.  

I will be back to try other options.
Very good Thai food!! I had the lunch special - Chicken Panang! Yummy!! I will be back since it is so good, so close to work and so affordable! Thanks again to my server, she was great! 

NOTE: Bring a few quarters for parking during main meal time hours, the parking lot is reserved so you have to park in the coin parking but really close, not a long walk or anything.
This place is great! I went here for lunch and the food was delicious. It was kind of empty though, which was a shame. It should be more popular! But I enjoyed the quiet. I've also gotten food from 5 R Cha Thai Go and it's great. I'm only giving this location four stars because I have only gone one and would like to try it again.
Fantastic food, good service, $8 lunch specials
This place was amazing! SO sad it closed!
New ownership?

Big time meh!

This place is counter service.  

I ordered a LARGE chicken dynamite/dynamic (don't remember the specific name) fried rice, with $2 drink and egg roll combo.

$11.62 total.  OK, kinda stiff.  Let's see if the food justifies the cost.

NOPE.

Portion was small.  There was, get this, the smallest portion of rice that I've ever seen in a fried rice order.  I couldn't believe it.

Anyways, I will not be going back.  Thai Elephant, I never should have betrayed you.
So for starters, this is my first time here.  I am a Thai food fanatic...especially for Thai Hot Pad Thai.  I have eaten over 20 different ones yet this one blew my mind.  It was so much more tasty than I have ever had Pad Thai before.  The mix of flavors and heat was perfect.  Since then I have been back many times and every time I am so happy I went.
The sign doesn't just announce the business's name, it's a directive:  you must Goto Pares!  The food is great, simple, and affordable.  They've got the sweet, savory, and exotic.  No where else can you sample the type of "street" food common on the very streets and back alleys of the Philippines such as Fish Balls, Quek-Quek, Adidas, and Balut.  They even stock Milo, buko juice, and kalamansi to quench the thirst.  Worth checking out especially since they also serve full combo plates cheaper than many restaurants.  Of course, the signature goto is a must-try.
Inexpensive Filipino food. I tried their chicken inasal, very tender and delicious, the beef pares is a little dry but still tasty, and their goto is a little spicy but not too much which I like. We'll visit again when we go back to Las Vegas.
Went here for the Beef Pares and thought it was very yummy.  The aroma and flavors hmmmm.   Thats how i would describe it.. hmmmmm hahahaha. It was tender, lots of flavor and had a little fat "Sarap" and the sauce that topped the rice.  Also tried the isaw and fish ball and hmmmm.  The family that owns the place were there working and chatted with them a little bit.  Very friendly and it is good to hear how they started and where they came from.  By the way I ordered egg because I like that combination.  Tapsilog, tocilog, pares (pasilog)?  I am posting some pictures.  Have a nice day y'll?
When in the mood for food for my soul this is the place to go. The rice is absolutely fantastic and eaten with the shrimp makes it a satisfying meal. I definitely would recommend everyone to try this!
The tilapia, shrimp and rice were all amazing. Great flavor, nothing overdone. Just darn good food.
This place is awesome. Great food. Particularly the chicken and waffles. Everything I've had is very tasty but hard to stray from the chicken and waffles. Eat here every time I come back to Vegas.
Gorgeous shop.  Beautiful chocolates, pastries, muffins and coffee service too.  All items are made on premises by hand.  They do a daily lunch item for 6.95.  We tried the chocolates and the pastries.  They were packaged in pretty boxes so we could get them home without "smashing" them.  They have a couple of tables if you want to stay and eat in.  Check them out, we did and they are a rockstar of a shoppe!
This is a great addition to the Neighborhood. The chocolate is divine and the coffee outstanding! I can't forget about the pastries either. I had the Mocca Java cookie today along with a few chocolates. So good! I highly recommend the Salted Caramels and the White Chocolate and Goat Cheese Ganache truffle!

If you are in the area go and check this place out. I promise you won't be disappointed!
In honor of local business and my love of  a good pastry shop , here is the info on No Phoenix's newest delight.   Cute and thoughtful decorated with a glass window to watch chocolates being made this is a special place. 

Yahoo and Hurray ! I am thrilled to have a bakery that is tasty , homey and has great lunch tarts, salads,sandwiches and coffee!  Located near ASU west just north of Thunderbird , this quaint mom and pop bakery has the elements of a being a local haunt.
Owners Pat and Tony Rayner have loads of chocolateriering and  baking experience and their display case shows it. Filled with tasty cookie bars, filled chocolates ( chocolate with goat cheese ? Yes please! ), pain au chocolate, big cookies and tarts .This is like a great back east bakery , And  the goodies are fresh and taste like the way you'd make it if you could . Did I mention they also have one of my downfalls  chocolate covered macaroons? It's so yummy! Prices are reasonable ,and the macarons are only a buck! 

Now if that weren't enough they also have sandwiches and tarts that seemed European , maybe because Tony is was formerly a British baker? Lunch time treat ? Try the one of the salads with goat cheese and walnuts....mmmm.  Food can be take out or stop and eat at their sweet little tables. 

Looks like they are well equipped for coffees, smoothies and other breakfast nicieties too.  Close to my work it  may become my new favorite.
This locally-owned coffee/chocolate/pastry/sandwich/soup shop is a wonderful little jewel tucked away with several businesses on the East side of 51st Avenue just north of Thunderbird. I was so lucky to run across it a month ago! I rushed over to welcome them, and found to my delight that not only was everything scrumptious, but the owners are kind, down-to-earth folks (who happen to be a killer chef and a chocolate wizardess) who are committed to sourcing their ingredients locally. My family and co-workers are slowly working our way through their offerings and absolutely everything is outstanding.
I hope you get a chance to try Rayner's soon - you won't be sorry!
BTW ASU students - they offer a Student Discount - sweet!
Finally! An exceptional bakery and coffee shop in the West Valley! The place is fairly hidden, in a non-descript  strip mall on the east side of  51st Ave just north of Thunderbird but worth the effort. Their coffee is exceptional but my current fav is an iced Jujube fruit and black tea. I'm addicted. We're eating our way through their pastries; the croissants remind me of the ones I enjoyed in France. And their homemade chocolate-dipped biscotti  and Meringues (both Pistachio and Strawberry) are heavenly. There is a very particular German woman at work who gave very high marks to their Pear Financier Tarts (us too). And don't ignore their sandwiches and salads. They have a build-your-own sandwich for $5.25 that puts to shame the same sandwich with much lower quality ingredient at Sprouts for$ 2.99. And where else can you get handmade chocolate stilettos (for real)! We are delighted to finally have this level of quality in the bakery coffee and chocolate department on our side of town.
I'm really happy I found this place. It's tucked away in a strip mall slightly off the main road. The interior is casual kinda cute and homey. The food is great!

The pastries are delicious, the chocolates are hand made. They have some unique creations as well, like Jujube tea for example. 

It's a locally-owned shop, and the owners are nice, down-to-earth and talented. They also source some of their ingredients locally, which is always a great way to support our community!

If you are particular about your pastries, come here and you will not be disappointed. The coffee is good too. Really, this place is so much better than the Starbudgets down the street. I'm so thrilled to see a quality establishment open in the area. I hope a trend begins.
Amazing pastries, British delights galore, and very reasonable prices! The chef has apparently been at it for 50 years and it shows. I'm so glad to have found this place!
they use sunburst farms produce and products. everthing is fresh daily &absolutely delicous.  very hospitable and passion for there buiz. one of the unique things was, for  first time visitors you will receive a free mouthwatering chocolate.
Met some clients here for a meeting and really enjoyed this place. Had a sandwich and the tea both were really good.
This is what yelp is all about; finding gems like these! The staff is amazingly nice, the coffee is delish and the chocolate is completely sinful. Kind of hidden north of a preschool off of 51st ave.
WOW My mouth is watering thinking of what I'll  have next time!  Love the Atmosphere!  Chocolates and pastries to die for!  And lunch was amazing!  "Chef" Tony is an artist.
An adorable little mum n' pa hole in the wall shoppe. 
It's situated right next door to one of my oldest friend's apartment complex, so we definitely get our breakfast fix here whenever I crash on his couch.
The owner's are a really nice cheerful little minnesotan-esque couple that is happy to stuff you silly with their tasty treats and sweeties. My best bud being a rather rotund and convivial man always gets his sweet tooth fix here and I definitely can't blame him, all their little chocolates and pastries just look downright gorgeous. I'm more partial to savoury flavours myself so I opt for breakfast sandwiches they offer that are served with their very own house made ciabatta and a thick cut pepper smoked bacon that just typing about is making me salivate- what's more is they were more than willing to accomodate me and make it mayo-less as I rushed back in to modify my order in a near panic when I realized it came with it.
Can't wait to get back here and scoop up some bon bons for me dear ol' Ma.
Very nice surprise,  a quaint friendly bakery, coffee cafe.... that emphasizes pastries, coffee, soups with a nice menu for breakfast and lunch...Such a nice experience we plan on being regulars... With everything made fresh , and a local supplier you cant go wrong and being a patron is the epitome of local support... tucked away off Thunderbird and 51st ave on the east side ...it is worth the visit... Did not have the soup but was told the clam chowder is to die for.... served on the weekends  I will be back :)
I'm shocked there is not a line out the door!  What a gem on the West Side!!  Awesome pastries and chocolates with delicious whole foods baked in.  The Coffee Jolt cookie was incredible with spicy dark tones.  The short bread full of buttery goodness like it should be. Now  the surprise...The coffee - WONDERFUL! It even impressed me; the greatest coffee snob of all.  I cant wait to try their lunches.  Hurry in before everyone else finds out and you can't get a seat in this perfectly decorated cozy little shop. Look for the yellow sign north of T-bird on 51st Ave.
This is a more unique local business that serves chocolate, European (mostly British) styles foods, and British grocery items.

They have a full menu of breakfast and lunch items but I ordered one of the Scotch egg pasties out of the display cooler along with a lemon bar and Highland shortbread. That, with a large latte, was just over $12. 

The pasty was pre-made and warmed in the oven so it came out fast and was so good. Very soft, perfectly baked pastry crust with a sprinkling of pepper and salt on top. The Scotch egg inside (hard-boiled egg wrapped in sausage) was delicious. The sausage was perfect and not at all greasy and the egg was cooked just right.
The lemon bar was more of a type of lemon curd oat cake instead of just being the typical lemon-y gel stuff over graham cracker crust and was really good. I like that it was more hearty than your average lemon tart. The shortbread was a little harder than I like but has nutmeg and cinnamon in it and was great when I dipped it in a hot coffee I made myself later.
The latte was great too. It wasn't anything special but wasn't too milky and the coffee wasn't bitter which is all too common in less-commercial coffee places. Just right.

You can see right into the chocolate-making area and there were a bunch of different types including these huge high heels made of chocolate. Really cool! I, unfortunately, didn't actually sample any of their chocolate but I'll be back for that sometime hopefully soon.

As I was in and eating, two different people came in and were obviously regular how they chatted with the owners. It was nice to have that real mom-and-pop-shop feeling there.

I definitely hope this place sticks around! I don't frequent this area of town but if I lived over there, I'd certainly be a regular.
You couldn't pay me to write a bad review on this place. Absolutely wonderful. Stop in for breakfast, have some coffee, try some handmade chocolate, stay for some lunch and try some handmade chocolates. Chef is incredibly talented and his wife is incredibly pleasant. Wish I stopped in more than I do. Follow them on Facebook and get ready to drool over their daily specials. Do yourself a favor and try this place if you haven't.
Cute bakery/coffee shop hidden in a little plaza on 51st Ave off of Thunderbird Rd. Nice selection of unique baked goods, chocolates and coffee drinks. I loved the egg free breakfast cookie and my daughter highly recommends the chocolate and nut brownie. The owners work the register and the other is the chef, and are super friendly and clearly take pride in their establishment. I would have given them five stars in a heart beat (and I wish I could have given them four and a half stars) but they didn't offer skim milk as an option for the coffee drinks. Not a huge deal at all but it's what I like. Oh well, black coffee was just fine with me. A nice change up from the chain coffee shops.
I live in California but wanted to send something nice to a friend who had a rough time in Glendale, I wanted to send chocolates that were a very nice variety and higher end. When I called around and finally reached Rayner's the woman that answered the phone immediately answered all my questions and was very knowledgable about all the ingrediants used in each chocolate. The hotel will be picking up my order, but on product knowledge, quality ingrediants, and customer service alone I give them top marks. I hope when I see my friend she will share a chocolate or two so I can actually try these mouth watering creations!
I popped in here the other weekend. I had just gotten back from a city renowned for its coffee and was looking for a decent latte.

This is a very nice, family run joint with some tasty looking treats. All I can speak to was the lemon bar and coffee that I consumed in a flash, and I can attest that both were quite good. Drop by if you're in the area, this seems to be a great local business that deserves the support of the community they service.
What a great little place tucked away on 51st Aveue/Tbird.  Along with great coffee, sweet treats, who knew they had the best biscuits & gravy?  We did!
The hummus, veggie, and focaccia bread sandwich is good. Perfect for a light lunch. I bought some of their pastries hoping that would make for good snacks/easy to grab breakfast options, but they were lack luster as best. I will definitely stop back to try their shepard's pie though.
A little fun dive really off of 51st Avenue...Easy to find if you know where you are going.
The store kinda wants to have this little European flair I guess...it wins in the pastry area, but not necessarily in the overall atmosphere.

Once inside, you will find a tasty display of some remarkable pastries including croissants, dry cookies, tarts etc..... In addition,  Rayner's also offers snacks and sandwiches. And if this is your first time visiting the store, they will offer you a complimentary chocolate.

Very nice staff - and there are also some shelves stocked with European goodies, even some candy bars I grew up with including Smarties Yeah!

The coffee is delightful. Thanks to Yelp - I found this place just looking for Espresso and  was pointed in Rayner's direction.
A few months ago, I was driving to my cousin's house and just happened to catch a glimpse at a sign that had the word "chocolate" in it. I decided to stop by with my fiancé, and I am so glad I did!

This gem of a bakery is tucked away just off of 51st Avenue and Thunderbird. They recently added more seating and it is surprisingly spacious. The owners are very kind, and I always receive great customer service when I'm there (which is a lot!).

Now, here are some of the things that I absolutely recommend:

Pain au chocolat
Jujube anything - their tea is a little on the sweet side, but delicious
All the handmade chocolates!!! (You get a free piece on your first visit!)
Strawberry muffin
Meringue
Fresh fruit danishes
Snickerdoodles - best I've ever had
Brownies - very rich and chocolaty

Just try all that you can because everything is great!

The lunches are also a great value; it beats going to any fast food restaurant around town. I love the Greek chicken pita! Generous portions and fresh ingredients. My fiancé likes the Shepherd's pie, and I like to steal bites, too!

This is definitely a place worth visiting. I just moved to Los Angeles and am missing it dearly.

Charming, quaint places like Rayner's remind me how important it is to support small, local businesses.
Rayner's first came on my radar a couple of years ago thanks to mentions by friends.  I've become a real fan once I tried it.  It's hard to decide my favorite food offering there:  pastries?  handmade chocolates? Delicious lattes?  Outstanding soups? Tasty sandwiches?   I must face it, I love them all!
Tried this quaint little place for the first time today with the highest of hopes and was not let down. I went mid-morning to get a cup of coffee and something to eat. The lady behind the counter was very gracious and let me sample a piece of dark chocolate with an espresso cream filling. It was exquisite. I then bought a cappuccino wet and a muffin which I believe was cinnamon streusel. Hands the best cappuccino I've ever had and the muffin was so moist and the streusel added the perfect amount of richness and flavor. Excited to try they're large variety of coffees and teas as well as they're breakfast dishes and pastries.
This is my new favorite place. I came in for a simple cup of coffee and was quickly sold on their delicious lunches and chocolates, all for a very low price. The service is absolutely wonderful. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
Wonderful little spot, so glad we found it, fanstastic turkey and cranberry sandwich and pastries are delicious!
Wonderful Service and Fantastic food! Especially the Gluten free sandwich we had !!
The strip mall in which it's located is nondescript so pay attention, but if you are near ASU West or Thunderbird, make a pit stop! The latte was sufficient - not the best press I've had but definitely not the worst - but the savory and sweet treats are what sold me. The service was sweet, helpful, and graciously warm! The feeling was just happy and homey. The pastries rival what I tasted in Europe, and my savory biscuit breakfast sandwich tempted me to order a second (which would have triply killed my diet). I was delighted to see they sell truly Briton fares, and I not only have some PT's tips, I also have a new box of Builder's tea to cut my teeth on Monday through Friday to save myself from sad corporate coffee. Builder's is not a pansy tea, no way, this is the stuff of the makings of that enviable strong, upper lip of the quintessential Brit that we Americans somehow lost in our independence. As far as tea goes God Save the Queen, and as far as pastry and coffee goes, long live Rayner's.
The hospitality is stupendous. The lattes and mochas my wife, daughter, and I had were creamy and smooth. While we waited for out drinks we were treated to hand crafted chocolates. When we are anywhere near ASU West we will definitely stop by.
What a hidden gem.   The food was delicious, the owners were so incredibly kind and friendly.  Thanks for a wonderful experience!
Fantastic quality home cooked food! Great friendly service and a welcoming neighborhood environment!
This place is one of a kind. I've tried nearly everything on the menu and have never had a bad experience. In fact everything I try has only turned out to be excellent. From breakfast, lunch, dessert, coffee, and their other drinks everything is delicious and satisfying -- and all for incredibly low prices. The owners are extremely friendly and interesting people who are more than willing to have a great conversation. I can't think of a better place for lunch anywhere -- let alone Phoenix. This place is truly a treasure.
This is one of the best restaurants in the West Valley. It is tucked away in a nearly vacant business area, but the food is something else. Run by a nice couple, the chocolate and pastries are handmade and the sandwiches are of the gourmet variety. They make a good cup of espresso too!
First-timers get a free piece of mouth-watering chocolate!!!! So yummy!!!!
I searched coffee and found this gem. What a delightful little shop. Fresh homemade chocolates, fresh everything. I was so pleased with everything. The prices are more than reasonable. The owners are present, they actually work there. Very pleasant folks! I highly recommend Rayner's.
Sitting in the parking lot at Wally-world on 59th & Bell, it's lunch time which means the Mexican Phone company (Taco Bell) or better yet, fire up Yelp and see what's in the neighborhood. Wait, what's this? A five star joint with over 40 reviews?  Hard to believe!  Well, believe it! Completly hidden on 51st between Greenway and TBird is a gem of a coffee/chocolate/sandwich/breakfast place.  Run by the owners and serving up incredible food and genuine service.  Had the Unforgettable Bacon Hot Dog with  secial sauce (red onion, jalepeno, swee icle, green olives, , etc.)  Wrapped in bacon on a perfect stadium bun and it was awesome.  The Princess had the grilled chicken with feta and tasiki (?) sauce- she can't wait to go back.  We've already made plans with friends to check out the breakfasts.  They also have homemade pastries and handmade chocolates which are the real deal!  (They generously give first-timers a free piece of chocolate). Judging by the steady stream of customers at 2:30 on a Saturday, I'd say the word is getting out on this wonderful place.  They also have a great selection of British grocery items for sale.  Check it out, you won't be dissappointed.
Black Forest Ham & Egg Sandwich 
Combined with Great Service is an excellent combo.... Also had a mocha and
it was......Delicious .....
A hidden gem we stumbled upon on our way out if town. We were just visiting family for the holiday and needed a quick "treat" for the road. Boy were we in for a TREAT! Handmade pastries and chocolates!! We ended up buying way more than we expected because everything looked and WAS so delicious. The owner helped us by explaining each different chocolate and even gave us a free taste (TIP: if its your first time they give you a free sample:) it was a little slow but that was only because they spent so much time and attention on us, which is a huge plus in comparison to all those big busy coffee shops that rush you through. Needless to say it was difficult to leave but alas California was calling us...but we at least had some delicious treats for our trip home!
Amazing!  Fabulous food, baked goods, chocolate, and service.  I can't wait to go back.  Thank You!
What a wonderful place with fantastic service! I came here for lunch last week and was impressed. The service was fantastic and the woman who helped us was kind, especially since I was eating with an adorable and animated 2 year old. I had the chicken salad on a croissant. Wow! Delicious! We were offered some chocolates to try, which were delicious. We also bought a number of pastries which were all good. I would definitely eat here again. My only suggestion is to not come in here in a rush. I don't feel like we waited too long, but if you are expecting "fast" food then you may want to call it in or just expect a few minutes of a wait. It is worth it!
I went here today for lunch and was super excited to try it out based on the 5 star reviews... What I found was a 2 star restaurant. I would be shocked to find out if everything and/or anything was freshly prepared in house. I had a grilled chicken pita that tasted mediocre and my mom had a caesar salad which I swear is from Costco! If you are looking to spend 8+ on a meal that can easily be picked up from the pre made section of a grocery store then be my guest and give this place a shot.
While Glendale does not have a shortage of cozy little cafes, this gem is a real must-try. Tucked in the middle of a small, quiet commercial complex near ASU West, Rayner's features delectable and unique chocolates such as goat-cheese truffles, and a selection of beverages and  tasty pastries and breakfast/lunch offerings. Fancy fare without fancy prices, served with the Rayners' friendliness and warmth that make this  cafe such a pleasant breakfast and lunch spot. Oh ... and free wi-fi, too, plus a small grocery for British items!
Amazing! As a teacher and a mom of an eight year old I seek workspace away from home. Here is a veritable slice of Britain with Wifi, great coffee/tea AND food. The chocolate is divine! The ambience is quirky. The staff is personable. I'm home!
Best chocolate we have ever had! We were surprised at their lunch variety and everything we have tried so far has been excellent. They have fast service to get you in and out on your lunch break. They also make custom chocolate for special occasions and are quite talented. We eat there once or twice a week now. The chef is from England  and has amazing British recipes in addition to American menu options.
First time here today.  I brought my husband who is extremely picky. I was worried about his reaction to trying something new. He got a bacon, sausage, egg and cheese sandwich that he was thoroughly impressed with. I got the bacon, egg and cheese on some bread I hadn't heard of. It was so good I wish it wouldn't have ended. Since we didn't eat there we stood and waited for out food and coffee. We decided to buy some of the chocolates. Since I am currently full I will have to update after chocolate consumption.  It is a quaint little shop with some amazing greeting cards and a lot of eye candy on the walls. If you are in the neighborhood stop by and try it.
Wow, I never would of known this place existed if I didn't see it on Yelp. As a first timer, they offered us a piece of chocolate, and I tried the milk chocolate coconut one. The chocolate was soooo good! 

I got the black forest ham & egg sandwich, and it came out in a hamburger bun. It was really good, but nothing I fell head over heels for. My boyfriend got a lunch combo, which came with sun chips or fruit. The lady suggested we upgrade for some other kind of chips for $1 more...the chips were good, but definitely not worth the $1 upgrade.

The prices were really good too. My breakfast sandwich was around $4 and the lunch combo was around $8. 

I do want to go back sometime and try their pastries because they look SO good!
Tired of the same ol' coffee, we decided to see if yelp could help us and it brought us to Rayner's. I can tell you that it is a great little shop and the cappuccino (wet) was amazing actually the way it should taste. We had the 4b Black Forest ham and scramble egg sandwich and the 10b sausage bacon and scrambled egg. Bothe were delicious. I also tried and Italian love cookie (shortbread and jam) delicious. As first timers we were treated to a sample of the homemade chocolate ( dark, pumpkin seed). Everything was superb. This small business is the place to go!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. The coffee and food are delicious! The atmosphere is great, owners are nice, and the baked goods are perfect. Couldn't be happier!
My husband & I enjoyed a beautiful morning here. Great music & staff. While our coffee and smoothie were brilliantly prepared we browsed their imported products, chocolate shoes and pastries. Not too many environments like this around Glendale. You should go check it out.
Went here for breakfast. Visiting from out of state. Came in and the owner was very friendly and welcoming, she gave us a sample of chocolate and it was one of the best pieces of dark chocolate I've ever had! I had oatmeal and coffee for breakfast, their black drip coffee is really great too. Lots of great selection and chocolate, and lots of imported British treats too. I will definitely come back here again when I'm in the area. Great customer service. It was a pleasure eating here.
What can I say but WoW!
My wife recently read about this place in the paper. 
If you did not know it was there you would probably never find this place. It is situated off 51 ave. just north of Thunderbird.There is a strip of stores that run east and west and they are situated about half way down this strip of stores. 
When I walked through the door I knew immediately I would like this place. 
My wife and I shared a pastry and a couple of short bread cookies. Don't ask the names we just picked what we thought would be a good selection for a first visit. OH! You get a piece of chocolate free on your first visit. 
I did not look at a menu but saw some of the specials posted on the walls. Now I am planning a trip soon to have breakfast. 
Decoration is for me hard to describe. Comfortable, friendly, clean, a place to meet a friend for breakfast or lunch, not just once but many times. There are two separate rooms where you can sit and eat plus outside. In the room we were in there was a wall with many different foods from England. 
Even though they were very busy the owner and one of the helpers took time to talk to us. 
Everything we had was very good. Or what I should say much better than good. 
Give them a try. I know you will be as impressed as I was.
It doesn't matter what you get. It will be absolute perfection!! The beautiful fresh fruit cheese Danishes are to die for! The Irish breakfast sandwich is incredible. The Vietnamese pork sandwich is delicious. The roast beef pear sandwich, turkey cranberry, ham and Brie . The coffee. The chocolate. It's all perfect. And if you can't tell you --will come back for more!
I give rayners five stars because it is mom and pop, it is very clean, and the food leaves you feeling clean. It is very popular and I've had the garlic and potato sandwhich(I don't remember the name) the turkey and cranberry and Brie(I think that was the cheese) and it was really good. Their chocolates are nice and their tea and coffee have quality to them. You won't leave super full, but you will feel good about it.
Lady (I think owner?) working was friendly & the decor was very cute. They had a nice selection of pastries as well as an extensive list of different coffee drinks. I always try to frequent these little Mom & Pop kinda shops & this didn't necessarily disappoint but it wasn't the best I've ever been to. I ordered a raspberry danish & an iced coffee with salted caramel syrup.  It was just weak hot coffee poured over ice with maybe a tiny bit of the syrup. The pastry was great but as far as coming back because I need my coffee fix, I'll probably keep looking. I do look forward to trying more of the pastries because there were quite a few & they all looked scrumptious!
My Mom found this delightfully decadent cafe while visiting from out of town. It is a feast for the eyes(their array of chocolates and baked goods is phenomenal!) as well as the palate.  I highly recommend for a lovely cup of coffee and beautiful pastries and croissants.
This place works if you do not have time to prepare healthy means for yourself. We have ordered 3 times. The common theme is spicy with little flavor. Most dishes I had have been spicy or heavy on the garlic. The portion sizes are small which can help you manage your weight if you still to the meal plan.
My new addiction on healthy ... and not only is this place healthy... its good for you ... it's a treat for your body... your senses... and packaged in a way that travels well for someone on the go ... say if your a fly girl like me! I have been to all 3 stores in the valley. I like the one near me on Shea and Tatum. It doesn't have the 'kitchen' but everyone is friendly and helpful. In fact, the last time the guy walked out my Fit Foods purchase to my car. How's that for service! I have my favorite foods like Brian's Enchiladas, which at the small portion size is perfect for me. I love the Salmon and Pear Salsa ...again I get the small portion size but it comes in medium and large and all are calorie and serving breakdown conscious. I am on a gluten free diet lately for health reasons affiliated with migraines. These foods freeze well and the staff was even a little surprised when I shared that with them. I don't think the price is off at all.. it's fresh and it's healthy and if you went to buy and prepare this on your own you would be spening the same or more. Worth the trip... I hope MyFitFoods opens more stores.. My heart adores!
This place is great...i was skeptical at first, because i thought "microwavable" would suck! however i gave the place a chance & i've been eating these great already portioned tasty meals for the past 2 weeks..

The food has alot of flavour & i'm so surprised it still tastes so good in the microwave..this is perfect for bachelors, people on the go, or trying to manage their weight.

Service is excellent as well. Love the concept!
The food is very good, but what even better are the people.

I needed their help and Todd the manager step-up and was there for me.  My hat go out to this business for going the extra mile.
I may never cook again!  I went in to pick up lunch for today and got so excited to see whole food, gluten free, all ready prepared and fresh that I left with 7 meals for $50.00!  
All the employees were so nice and helpful!  I spoke to several personnel and they were all well educated on their products and services.  Thanks for your great attitudes!
A wonderful idea for a fit person on the go or just someone who wants to eat a good meal. Affordable - great portions, and a super friendly and helpful staff every time. Thank you Chaz and Ida!
At first I thought this would be a good alternative to frozen microwave meals, like Lean Cuisine.  I rationalized that I would be eating freshly prepared meals that were good for me, without having to prepare anything.  After eating the prepared dishes at every meal, for several days in a row, I noticed I was craving water in massive amounts.  I literally could not stop drinking water. I realized that the only thing that was different was the food from My Fit Foods.  So, I actually sat down and read the nutrition label for some of the things I bought.  Every dish was sky high in sodium!  One dish was supposed to constitute 70% of my daily intake of sodium and 30% of my daily intake of cholesterol.  I was floored.  I thought the dishes were healthy.  While many of them have good fats, are high in protein, and have decent amounts of fiber, there are TONS that are loaded with sodium, cholesterol, and saturated fats. Be very careful when you choose what dishes to buy.  The prices are also extremely high.  Additionally, I think most of the meals are much too spicy (I'm convinced that the over abundance of spices is to cover up bland flavor).

If you decide that you absolutely have to order food from them, go online and click on the low sodium tab to see their choices for low sodium dishes.  There are only a few choices, but it would be a shame to lose weight and then develop a heart condition later on.
My wife and I started  the 21 day challenge after Thankgiving. We both loved all the meals and the snacks in between. This was the first time I've  ever dieted and I also started exerciseing and lifting weights for the first time. I initially wanted to start on the program not because I had a lot of weight to lose, but I wanted to get in a routine of eating healthy and avoiding the junk food. I feel so much better and have a lot more energy. I lost 11lbs. in the first three weeks and my wife lost 10lbs. Since finishing the challenge I've lost an additional 9lbs. I plan on continueing to eat heathy and exercising . It really is a lifestyle ! My wife and I plan on continueing to visit the store for our favorite meals and my chocolate protein shake.Thanks to Leah and the staff at My Fit Foods, they were very helpful with our questions and with any concerns we had. Love you guys, you changed our lives forever !!!
I agree with the posting that reported very high sodium and other not so good nutritional components to their meals. At first glance this seemed as if it would be a great, fast option to cooking, but not so. Expensive and usually not organic. Fruit with pesticides are not on my choice list.
I went to visit this store for the first time last night because I was starving and didn't have time to cook dinner. Wow! I was so surprised! This place is the most amazing quick lunch/dinner store I have ever been to.  I got the fresh Salmon and Chicken Fruit Bowl. The salmon was fresh and the chicken fruit bowl had grapefruit and oranges that were delicious.  The big surprise was the salad I got for the next day...Sriracha Chicken Salad. I had to work at the office 11 hours straight and didn't know if I was going to make it without lunch, then I remembered I had bought a salad from My Fit Foods...I opened it and the entire office kept asking me how it was because it smelled so good. Needless to say it got me through the day and saved my energy!
I have been wanting to try My Fit Foods for sometime now and am excited to share this review with you. We all lead super busy lives and with that comes the convenience of Fast Food. With working 10 hour days and then spending an hour at the gym it can be hard to prepare healthy dinners. This has always been my biggest struggle. My boyfriend has always been super supportive and often helps out with the cooking but even his schedule can make it hard at times. My fit foods solves this problem! The meals are healthy and properly portioned. They are not frozen and are labeled with expiration dates. The only down fall is this sometimes means making multiple trips to the my fit foods store. This is a small inconvenience that is worth the pain in order to receive fresh meals. When I first did my research and read reviews I became worried about the sodium content of the meals. The sales lady in the store however put my mind at ease by showing me how the meals are coded. They take all diet and health restrictions into account and have a nutritionist on site to help with these concerns. My fit foods is reasonable (roughly around $7 dollars a meal), I received a discount for being a fitness Instructor, they are healthy, and they taste really good! I highly recommend them.
What an amazing idea! The food was outstanding, portioned, and super convenient! I WILL be back. 

Joe was super helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable about the company! We enjoyed great conversation and great food! Thanks Joe!
I'm so glad there's a place like this that exists! I went there for the first time today and it was so good. The place is clean and the customer service was great. I wish I got the young ladies name that helped me. She took the time to tell me how everything worked as well as a bit of background to how the meals are prepared which I appreciate.  You know your getting nothing but the best when the food is fresh. You can either heat the food there or if you work or live nearby you can just take it home.  I'll definitely be back again since I work down the street.  Thank you for the great customer service :)
Ive never been to a place with this concept, and going in i had actually no idea how it really worked. I got there and they layout is super simple but very neat. When I went in I clearly had the most confused look on my face and this super sweet blonde helped me right away. The food was awesome and still tasted amazing after being reheated in the microwave. Not too pricey either!
I went for dinner tonight and had the gyro pita with rice. I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. It was quick and hot and very fresh!  It seems to be family owned and ran and that is a huge plus for me. The only thing ... And it's not that big a deal but I asked for no lettuce and it had lettuce on it. It wasn't shredded so it was super easy to pull off. I really wanted to try their hummus but I will save that for next time.  Hmm...maybe I'll go back tonight for the pita and hummus!  Lol
The best Gyros I have ever tasted!  The meat is fresh and so are the veggies, pita everything.  The owners are sweet and willing to please to your palette.  Also have a great tasting fries and sodas too!
Was driving through FV and had to stop for gas, right at the gas station there was a few little restaurants including Munich Gyros.  The decor inside was spartan to say the least.  Hopefully they just haven't had time to put ANYTHING up on the walls.  I opted for the hummus/gyros appetizer, my wife the greek salad.  Both portions were generous and we both enjoyed them. Pricing was fair.  They just need to work on the ambience.  Good for carry out or fast food.
Just had lunch there today. The gyros sandwich is excellent, the man who works the front is so friendly and on top of keeping the restaurant neat and the tables cleared. Great value for the sandwich, fries and coke. good food, great value. Love the pita bread they use. Keep up the good work.
We love this little restaurant.  Found it when it had just opened, and try to get back often.  The food is excellent and the folks that own the place are delightful.
We would highly recommend.
so good, I've been coming here since they opened 4 months ago!!! delicious chicken pitas, the hummus is the best I've ever tasted and the gyros are out of this world with that homemade tzaziki sauce. very friendly staff and the owner is just the sweetest plus they now have watercolors up for sale it looks like a gallery in there!!! get down there for the best and I mean best gyros in Arizona!!!
The food was delicious and inexpensive, the employees were friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere was great! If we ever end up in Fountain Hills again, I will definitely be returning.
Awesome gyros. Great people.
I was in Fountain Hills doing a project for work and stopped here for lunch. The dining area is small, but well laid out.  Everything was nice and clean, including the restroom. The employee who took my order was friendly and helpful. Last but not least, the food was delicious. I had the Chicken Pita Gyros, which was very flavorful. I will definitely stop by again the next time I'm out this way.
A wonderful new place to eat in Fountain Hills. Wonderful gyros with a very friendly owner and staff. I've eaten here 20 times and it is always delicious!
We are always looking for a good place near the house to carry out from.  Munich meets all the criteria.  Good food, quick and reasonably priced.  We had the combo of chicken and gyro meat. It came with a Greek salad, Humus and pita.  We phoned our order in, and Morgan was great on the phone and said our order would be ready in 10 minutes.  She was true to her word.  When we got home everything tasted great.  The portions were so big, I will be having it for lunch again tomorrow!  I have a feeling we will be regulars at Munich!
Great Fresh Greek Food! alway friendly service, it's my top notch spot for a gyro if i'm in the area. family owned and operated. And you can tell they put love into the food. it's a great hole in the wall place to visit or get it to go.

Newly remodeled, super clean and comfy. I love this place. The food and service has never let me down for a second. 

Stop by and support this amazing locally owned business!
Just had the Philly Gryo with their "Super hot sauce" and it was fantastic! We need more places like this is in the valley!!!
I am a long-time fan of Greek food, so of course I had to stop at Munich Gyros. It is such a nice, friendly, very clean restaurant! The food is so absolutely fresh & good! I have tried gyros all over the USA, but none as good as Munich Gyros. Their prices are reasonable & you won't leave hungry for sure!
I grew up in a very Greek community outside of Chicago.  I know Greek food, I was raised going to the Greek diners and Greektown in Chicago.  I can't review any food other than the gyros because I have never made it past that menu item.  The meat is perfectly spiced and roasted.  The posts are soft and hold together pretty well, which is saying something because the stuff them full.  There is a perfect ratio of meat to onions, lettuce, tomatoes and taziki sauce.  Get the gyro special because the thick cut fries are fantastic as well.  They bring back fond memories of home.  The restaurant is always spotless and the owner and staff are very friendly.  We will be making this a permanent stop.  My only complaint is the location.  The corner is always super busy with traffic coming and going in several directions at once; filling gas at circle k, going to McDonald's, as well as Redendo's and Senior Taco.  I see several near misses every time I go.
Great Gyros. Food prepared fast and good service. Also like the grape leaves. Price is a bit higher then some other places but close to home so evens out.
Stopped by here for a quick snack on the way to Scottsdale after hearing the rave reviews. I only ordered the gyro. It was around 4:20 so there weren't many people there, and I was the only one in line to order. It came out very quickly and I had it to go. It was delicious! The pita was the best I've ever had, it was warm, crispy, and very flavorful. The meat was very good, and juicy. And the tzatziki was fresh and just really great. Overall, everything was great and fresh. We will definitely be back here if we're ever in Fountain Hills again. Actually, it's worth the drive anyways... definitely recommended
Too far to go again, but I would if I had a reason for heading back to Fountain Hills. Best Chicken Grilled Gyro I've had in a while!!!
Wow- I had such high hopes for this place after the reviews and my first visit.  1st time (maybe a week ago)- massive chicken gyro, very good flavor and very good price.  Second time we got it to go, a little smaller gyro, still very good price.  Then I went there yesterday got a much smaller than the 1st time  (but still flavorful) gyro, and their prices just went up 20%.  Boo, will motivate me to cook at home more.
I've had gyros on the east coast in North Carolina and when I saw this place I hoped it would serve good food.  This is a mom and pop shop serving fresh gyros I've ordered the lamb one twice.  They are very friendly.  The food is fresh all the time the fries with the gyro were mouth scolding hot!  A great place a gyro and fries for around $7.00 delicious too!  A nice little place for lunch or dinner.
This place has excellent food.  Loved my gyro!  The place doesn't look cute from the outside, but it is nice inside and the people are very friendly.  We liked the fries too.  Next time I want to get the hummus.  We will be back often.  It is worth checking out!
I usually order  the "mixed plate" with rice or french fries. Chicken and gyro is seasoned just right. Rice is tasty and not mushy. French fries is thick and not greasy. Quick service and workers are nice.
A very authentic Greek/Mediterranean restaurant - great fast food! I had the chicken gyro, mounds of moist seasoned chicken, garlic/lemon/oregano, in a warm toasty fluffy pita, taziki, lettuce and red onions, was very delicious.  Greek salad of cucumbers, feta, olives and citrus vinaigrette, was very fresh.  Sister had the falafel pita, hot crispy, homemade falafels, spiced so well, in the warm pita and taziki sauce.  We also had the hummus, again home made and delicious, creamy, hint of garlic and a splash of olive oil.  Portions are huge and the sandwiches come with a combo deal with a soda and fries or Greek salad for a very reasonable price.  Workers/owners are very friendly, we had no room for dessert/baklava, which looked delicious as well.  Located in the back of a gas station, so don't miss this restaurant.
Really excellent Mediterranean-style food! Very clean operation (front and back of the house), and very consistent on food quality.
If you want a "10" Angus Beef Burger with delicious thick steak fries, then this is the place to go!  
The patties are placed on the grill with a big cooking lid over them to not only cook them from underneath but also on top too!  You get 2 big patties on a delicious bun with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and cheese, if you want it!  
The steak fries are thick and yummy! 
You could easily split this meal for it is HUGE!  But, go ahead!  Have one all by yourself!  
Enjoy!
I love Munich Gyros!  I live in Fountain Hills and the owners of this restaurant are top notch!  They truly care about their customers and want to provide the best, most authentic food possible.  They are friendly and fast, and the food is cooked fresh to order!  Good to go, and they have a small recently remodeled dining room.  Highly recommend!  Pita and hummus great!
Stopped in for lunch and ordered a Gyro.  Service was fast and friendly.  Food was delicious.  If you are in the mood for a Gyro definitely worth the trip to fountain hills.
Found yet another sparkling gem in the Hills!

I always assumed this place was pushing franks with perhaps Greek sides solely based on the name alone. I don't really like hot dogs so I always bypassed. So glad I tried the other night.

I had the Mixed Gyro entree and these guys hit it out if the park! Homemade pita bread served with very generous amounts of chicken and beef. Spices were divine! They served my plate with Tzatziki sauce and hummus - to die for!!!

Can't wait to go back!

Way to make this meal better? Have 2 Grecian Gods named Orion and Adonis feed me by hand while lying on a chaise lounge. And they're wearing small (faux) animal pelts across their privates. Oh, and they can fan me with olive tree branches too.
So excited to find this delicious spot to close to our home! Stopped here after work to grab take out and everything came out hot, fresh and amazing. We had the philly gyro, which was the best, a chicken and steak entree plate, falafel and baklava. It was all excellent, and we will definitely be back!
I am so glad I found this place! Ready made meals that are healthy, fresh, and don't taste bad! Where has this concept been all my life? I have probably cut my average daily caloric intake in half (at least) by getting my food here and I don't feel hungry. When I first looked at their website, I saw that the food came in different portions and assumed that the "small" was going to be like three bites and that's why it was so low calorie. Wrong! I honestly can eat three of these a day with maybe a snack and not feel hungry.

Between working full time and my other regular activities (plus being single and only having myself to feed) cooking just doesn't really fit into my schedule. I tend to eat out way too often, and I was feeling really unhealthy and gaining weight. I have tried some pre-packaged meal plans before and they were awful, they didn't even taste like food. 

It isn't cheap, but if your previous lifestyle was like mine, neither was that. If you compare the prices to a family buying in bulk or a student living off ramen and spaghetti, then yes, it's ridiculously expensive. If you compare it to going out to dinner several times a week and grabbing lunch out someplace regularly, it's the same price or cheaper. 

I'm still in the process of trying things and figuring out what I like and what I don't, but so far I have found a fair amount of things that taste good. I add hot sauce to a lot of things or a little salt and pepper, but really, they do a pretty good job.
This place will give you a pre-packaged meal with about the same amount and quality of food as a frozen diet meal. And just like a diet meal, it shows the calorie count, and nutrition info. Only instead of paying about two dollars for a healthy choice or smart one's meal, they charge closer to nine dollars. I thought it was a rip off. The food tastes a lot like a tv dinner. And I was turned off by the fact that they offer to microwave it for you. I will not be returning to spend nine bucks on a one of their overpriced tv dinners.
NOW that I have been to all of the My Fit Foods stores.. I have to say I will review this one NOT on concept...Because the concept...I love... and it works! ... For someone like me... a traveler...a single, fit girl, who has a food allergy and who likes fresh...easy and now... (and by the way...THIS isn't comparing to ANY frozen diet food , hence the other review!.... EVER eat fresh and healthy....Lean Cuisine...frozen and sodium laced with a bunch of preservatives...??? Read your labels, girl!...) This is my go to happy place now! For usually less than $6, I can have a nice fresh, gluten healthy meal that is savvy and diet friendly. I yup that with a nice tossed salad of my making and voila, I have my own need and want to splurge come weekend date time! So with that in mind. This location is just a bit on the 'hover craft' side. But I still like them. Who knows if they are on a commission ... or the 'boss' was lurking in the back watching the staff. I did not like being asked every 10 seconds if I was okay. I said I was okay and I am STILL okay now.. haha... and get this.. I will be in about 1 minute! Can't blame the unfriendly and over helpful though..in these times that is a little hard to come by. My Fit Foods is a great concept. NOW if My Fit Foods could take over the fast food nation maybe America would not be the worlds most obese nation...oh well...it's a dream!
This place is GREAT!  People here are friendly and helpful.  I'm always greeted with a smile, and if I have any questions, they are ready and able to answer.  It's a small store with food in the fridge that was obviously prepared with care and attention.  The food is divided up into meals; breakfast, lunch and dinner.  It is fresh, tasty and will satisfy you with a variety of  choices.  As a vegetarian, I too have many choices and always feel as if I've had a gourmet meal, not just  boring stuff I would slap together for myself. ( There is plenty  variety for the carnivore too!)The prices are very, very reasonable, and very affordable.  

I also bought some snack bars with low calories and high on taste.  These were probably less expensive than bars you would normally get in larger stores, and they are better quality as far as calories and nutrition go. 

I have often thought of visiting each morning and buying three meals a day just to stay healthy. It' would probably be less expensive than all that I spend at Fry's.

I HIGHLY recommend My Fit Foods..
Always on it when I come in before my multi day trips. Call ahead to have allergy free foods made fresh and ready. I love that this My FF is open on Ray so I don't have to drive up to PV anymore! The staff is knowledgable and always helpful. Love the B12 mix. Always good for flying red eyes and not landing sluggish. Being healthy is a choice and MY FF makes it easy and convenient! Can't wait for a home delivery service maybe ? Someday?
I couldn't tell what this place was exactly from the storefront's appearance and name so curiosity got the best of me and I finally went in today.  Great concept!  The woman inside was very nice and helpful in explaining the program to me.  I bought 3 meals to take home and try:  Butternut Pork, Forbidden Chicken and Herb Roasted Chicken.  The pork and the Herb Roasted Chicken both came with the same vegetables; carrots and zucchini.  

My honest opinion??  Not good.  Even with BBQ sauce on the chicken and the veggies...I did not enjoy.  The chicken had a strange 'old' taste and the veggie had no detectable seasoning on them.  They were very bland and strangely, seemed to have absorbed whatever the strange 'old' taste was from the chicken.  The pork had the same weird taste and bland veggies.  I did not enjoy this either.  

The broccolini and rice from the Forbidden Chicken meal were ok.  But the chicken was the exact same as the Herb Roasted, same exact seasoning.  Again, did not enjoy.

I feel confident that the other meals must be better than these because if they all tasted this way, noone would eat here.

Again, I love the concept, and the woman inside was very nice.  I think the prices are ok too, provided the food is fresh, seasoned and enjoyable.  But what I tried tonight was very hard to swallow.  

I am hopeful that I can go back tomorrow and discuss my troubles with someone understanding who might let me 'exchange' the yucky stuff and try some other options.  I understand that every business has a bad day once in a while.  

I really do want to be able to enjoy this place.  Hopefully I can change my rating to a better one!

We'll see!
I still love My Fit Foods. This place is a FRESH food concept different than any other around, & yes, that does mean another Fresh place with foods costing nearly the same. The difference here is, that the food is made fresh and take a look... The ingredients are not processed! It's not a sodium-laden frozen food meal you grab at a grocery store and it lasts into next year, this actually is clean-eating. For those of us who care about what we put into our bodies or with serious allergies, that's very important. Tonight I brought my boyfriend here to stock up on the next five days of meals. Why? Well, because we need a little revamping of our diets and why not get back to clean eating and doing what is good for the body? No. A frozen lean cuisine isn't as good for you as you think; read the label:) What I love, besides that it's made fresh , and local, is that you can order and pick it up when your ready and they will adhere to any allergy or dietary needs that you have. Kombucha !!
This place is awesome!
The service is excellent
The food is excellent, they have every kind of burrito you can think of, this place is really authentic.
My kids and I go at least twice a month and are always satisfied, they have amazing portions and the taste is great!
Their rest rooms always clean.
Highly recomend
We actually found this palce by accident one morning looking for Menudo. The place is actually clean with newer TV's. We were the only two in the restaurant at 9 A.M. on a Saturday, so that made us a little nervous. My wife ordered the Menudo, and I ordered the Chorizo Burrito. 

The Menudo was okay. This was just a big bowl of Menudo, no meat, no hominy. Which was fine, we prefer the mixture. I think if you're looking for a quick fix on the East side of town, this is a great place to go for a decent bowl of Menudo . The Chorizo Burrito was also just okay. No amazing flavor. I actually prefer the burrito and Filibertos to this one. 

The thing that bothered me the most is they did not know that I speak Spanish. So they were arguing on how much to charge us for our bowl of Menudo. They ended up charging us the lower amount or I would have really shocked them and told them to cancel our order in Spanish.
Erickbertos is so clean that you wouldn't think the food was any good but we haven't been disappointed with anything we've ordered.  Favorites are of course CA and carnitas burritos.  Yesterday I took a chance on a lengua taco with a backup of a carnitas taco in case.  The lengua could have used a bit more seasoning but the texture was perfect.  Both tacos were so stuffed that I had to eat a lot of the filling with a fork before I could fold the tortillas enough to eat by hand.  My husband had his usual CA burrito.  Bill was a whopping $11.43 and we ate way too much.
I was really surprised by this place!  Soooo much better than that other "bertos" place!  I went thru the drive thru so I'm not sure about the inside but I ordered the taco and cheese enchilada combo with rice and beans. I also ordered a side of chips. The food was very good and the rice was REALLY good!  The chips were hot!!  Loved it!  Yum!  I will be back when I'm in the area again.
Erickberto's is a nice eat in / take out style Mexican restaurant on the border of Mesa and Apache Junction.  Their lengua (tongue) is very good.  The lengua burrito is delicious and cheap.  The adobada and green chile are good too.  So are the enchiladas.  Their red sauce is not watered down like some other places.  A nice family owned Mexican restaurant.
This was the first time I've eaten at this resturaunt and to be honest, I had it confused with a simulair establishment with a simulair name.  I went in skeptical but open minded.  I must admit I was glad it wasn't the other place.

The staff was nice, the food was good, the service fairly quick.  I don't believe I have one of these stores near me, but if I'm in this area I won't hesistate to go back.
This place is the best, cheap, good and fast!  I know other Mexican chains are more common throughout the valley but this place is so good.  Just writing about it makes me want to get in the car right now and go get some.  I love all of their breakfast burritos but specifically like potato egg and cheese one.  The classic 2 taco meal is another good way to go.  It's open 24 hours and has a drive-through.  We've actually never been inside.  My only minor complaint is that the tea always kinda old tasting.  Everything else is super fresh and delicious, though!
Ok I really like this place! It's cheaper then FillyB's and it doesn't give you the runs. The Carne Asada Fries are delicious and a half order is huge. I also love the Guacamole chips with adding on pico de gallo and cheese. Soo good!
This place is excellent. Both quantity and quality! There salsa bar is amazing. They have a unique avacado and jalepeno cream style sauce that is very good. They also have free fried onions and jalepenos for free with food purchase. Caution the fried jalepenos can be hot, actually the hottest I've ever had but not always. My favorite is the Arizona burrito but there's a ton to cheese from. There side of Flauta's is a meal in itself. Great authentic food at a great price.
We were looking for good, authentic Mexican food ... we found it here!
Hmmm. Not sure about this place. Visited once. Food was decent, but not real hot (temperature.) More authentic Mexican than Taco Bell. Not the cleanest place. Friendly service. I would not be afraid to try it again, but it did not leave a lasting impression. Oh, and they have large portions. I left stuffed.
First time here, loved it, came back for the second visit not so great, tried them again last night, HUGE MISTAKE!!!! This was for take out - They got my order wrong, didn't even get my entire order and when I called to speak to a manager I was told there was not one there. When I started to voice my complaint the girl who answered the phone was very defensive, she said I took the order it was not wrong. When I asked where the rest of my order was she hung up on me. I called back and she refused to answer the phone, I blocked my # she picked up and needless to say we had words. However, I have never in my life been told by a business that I was a customer of F*#k you and hung up on. Stay away they would rather be right than stay in business! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE AWARD EVER!!!
The owner should be ashamed to employ people like this.
This place is alright. I didn't find much difference between here and Filibertos down the street other than price. Food is a bit cheaper. Overall, decent fast casual Mexican restaurant. Better than Filibertos on most things  except I'd say Filibertos has better carne asada. Worth trying at least once.
Excellent food tastings, yummy drinks and great venue. They even had a fun little photo booth. Knocking off one star because most vendors ran out of food or drink by 9:30 or 10:00. Given that this was the first year I expect they'll plan better next year...and I'll be back!
Started in New York, LuckyRice is a celebration of what Asian culture does best; street food. With many master chefs on hand, the variety of food in food was endless. Sadly, the same could not be said about quantity. As Jeanette D. has mentioned, many places ran out of food before the designated end time. If most were as lucky as I, you would have had the chance to try a majority of the stalls. There were a few times were I got close to the front and was turned away due to empty reserves, but I did not leave on an empty stomach. 

Between the creativity of the kitchen and bar, it was a pleasant event. With the Groupon, it was well worth it for a taste of what is to come. In the future, if the issue with preparation is dealt with it will be an event worth the price. 

The venue was an excellent selection. The Cosmo pool, with all of the Las Vegas lights, reminded me of walking through the streets of Asia. The beautiful weather that night was perfect for hanging out and the cabanas gave guests plenty of resting areas to lounge on. I look forward to future events.
LuckyRice is a great concept. They have many well-known culinary artists serve their signature dishes in one venue. However, the planning for this event is lacking. 

When you can bear a long line to get a small portion it is very rewarding. However, places like Raku and Bombay had lines extending hundreds of feet! WAY too many people! When you expect an event where for $85 (or $125 VIP) you can eat and drink as much as you want, you don't envision fighting a mob to get to the vendors. Some vendors closed early, so the mobs hoarded those who were still serving...

I loved the foods and drinks I could get, but be prepared to fight for it!
Loved attending LuckyRice Night Market!  My brother-in-law's been wanting to attend a LuckyRice Night Market event for a few years and was really excited that it came to Vegas.  We bought tickets via TicketMaster (love the new Passbook feature for the iPhone!) and were ready to go!

We arrived just after 8 PM and the entrance didn't have the scanner for Passbook, so a young man was kind enough to escort us to another entrance.  On the way there, we were offered drinks:  Snake in a Glass and Lemongrass and Elderflower Collins.  I really enjoyed the freshness and subtle floweriness of the Lemongrass and Elderflower Collins.  My sister said the Snake in a Glass was her favorite of the two - not overly sweet with just a bit of a bite.  BOMBAY SAPPHIRE EAST GIN was well represented!

Once we got scanned in we walked around a bit, and decided to try the White Chocolate Curry from POPPY DEN.  I was going to wait because I thought it was a desert, but they encouraged me to give it a try and I'm so glad I did!  It was still warm and had a layer of flavors that added a nice complexity to the dish.  I was especially happy to discover that POPPY DEN is in Tivoli Village, so it's now on my list of places to try.

We then moved down the Boulevard to try RENE ORTIZ + LAURA SAWICKI'S Angry Bear Prawn with peppers, soy beans, daikon radish and caramelized garlic.  Nice!  Anytime you add caramelized garlic...

Next up, Tuk Tuk's steamed snapper w/ lemongrass.  I now have a reason to visit Austin. Ser-i-ous-ly.

We headed back downstairs and ASAHI was serving a Kuronama Black - I thought it would be heavy and was pleasantly surprised.  And I got an Asahi t-shirt - yeah!

Next - of course we tried the Bordeaux wines.  They had a nice selection of whites and a Sauternes that I saved for later in the evening (pretty little dessert wine).

Have you ever had a short rib gyoza?  Me neither.  Until we tried it at STK's booth and it was served with wasabi sesame ponzu.  I need more.

Another great local place - CHADA THAI serving two items:  an artistically created, delicate spring roll and crab curry with noodles.  Sigh.  And guess what???  They serve a lunch with a wine tasting.  Oh yes.  We're definitely doing THAT.

Thanks to our Boston friend, KRISTEN KISH (Menton, Boston), for serving lobster with melon, celery and smoked  (yes!) brioche.  And yes, I grabbed a glass of CHAMPAGNE NICOLAS FEUILLATTE to pair with the lobster.  My husband tried the rose and I tried the brut.  Both were nice, but I have to say I preferred the rose.

And then there was a woman walking around with cones full of seasoned pork chicharones.  They were really tasty - crunchy with a nice chili-like flavor (ends up it was curry).  Back at the booth they were serving...sea urchin.  Go big or go home.  It was so delicate and so delicious, with a slight smoky flavor.  I had no idea WICKED SPOON was below the Boulevard Pool at the Cosmopolitan.  Yes, another local joint to put on our list!

Of course, we had to wait in line for Endo's famous pork cheeks and chicken on a skewer.  Endo was so accommodating and his food is 'da bomb!  If you haven't been, imagine small plates of a nice variety of meats and veggies, great selection of fresh fish (love the sushi salad).  Must go to try the absolute best grilled tomatoes you've ever had.  Seriously.

We then headed straight to the bar to try an Eastern Promise & a Professor Plum, which was a lovely lavender.

Over on the south side of the Boulevard we decided to try the sirloin wrapped in cabbage with garlic and fresh cilantro by LEAH COHEN (Pig & Khao, NYC).  The sirloin was tender and tasty, and the cabbage smelled like cabbage.  Lol - the garlic is always appreciated, and the fresh cilantro really freshened it up.

I saw someone walking around with popsicles, and sure enough it was THE NEAPOLITAN serving a variety of adult frozen goodness.  I snagged a watermelon popsicle - it had a dusting of salted chili powder and bits of cucumber.  Refreshing!  Love the Neapolitan!

We wrapped it up with a barbecue pork taco and a salt air margarita (way to go Jose Andres!) from CHINA POBLANO (Eric Suniga).  Tasty, savory, pork in a soft, pliable wrap.  The margarita was so much fun!  Think margarita with a briney foam on top.

Ok, I did try one more tempting drink.  Drunken noodles.  This is the most clever drink I've had, and definitely the most fun (tough competition).  Imagine japanese gelatin flavored and shaped to look like noodles and an egg.  You got it!  A drink that looked like a ramen dish - how cool is that???  There were sweetened, crunchy pineapple bits on top, and the gummy-like fun shapes were slightly sweet.  This was a dangerous, oh-so-good concoction.

We didn't try everything (we were so stuffed) and definitely felt the experience was well worth it.  We are excited to try LUCKYRICE NIGHT MARKET at the Ferry Building in San Francisco next year and then again in our hometown, Vegas Baby!

Excellent evening!
This review is for the 2013 Lucky Rice Night Market which happened on October 5th, 2013....This year's event was totally a HUGE improvement from last year's inaugural event!  Y'ALL MISSED OUT!!!!

No endless lines, no long wait, no shortage of food this time! ALL booths were prepared for those attending. The turnout this year was lower, partly due to the fact that it was kinda chaotic last year when the crowd outnumbered the food supply. Once we got in, mixed drinks from BOMBAY SAPPHIRE were handed out, I got a free shirt from the ladies from ASAHI BEER, and our LuckyRice gluttonfest began! Here are the various bites and booze we got to partake in:

AKIRA BACK, YELLOWTAIL, LAS VEGAS
Akira Back Tuna Tartare and Baked Crab Handrolls...meh

ANDY RICKER, POK POK, PORTLAND & NYC
Khanom Jiin Naam Phrik-Thin Rice Vermicelli with Southern Thai Curry of Coconut, Cream, Prawns,Toasted Mung Beans, and Chili-Garlic Oil
(**3-way tie for best noodle dish...killed two of these!)

ANTHONY MEIDENBAUER, HOLSTEIN'S, LAS VEGAS
Bahn Mi Street Taco-Braised Pork Belly, Kimchee Slaw, and Spicy Mayo-YUM!
Mango-Lime Pudding with Sesame Crispies, Almond Cake,and Miso Caramel-YUM!

BANK ATCHARAWAN, CHADA THAI, LAS VEGAS
Housemade Crab Curry with Rice Noodles
Spicy Herb Spring Roll-Both dishes were good with alot of HEAT!

BROOKE WILLIAMSON, THE TRIPEL & HUDSON HOUSE, LOS ANGELES
Chilled Tapioca Noodle Salad with Sweet Marinated Black Soybeans, Ground Rock Shrimp and Pork, Green Papaya, Chili Oil, Mint, Thai Basil, and Black Puffed Rice. LOVED the flavor profile in this dish!
(**3-way tie for best noodle dish...killed two of these!)

CEDRIC VONGERICHTEN, PERRY ST., NYC
Butter Poached Shrimp, Lemongrass Kaffir Broth, Potato-Garlic Ravioli, and Shiso
So good, had to have two of these!

KRISTEN KISH, MENTON, BOSTON
Lobster with Melon and Celery, Creme Fraiche, and Smoked Brioche....A-Ok...

LEAH COHEN, PIG & KHAO, NYC
Grilled Sirloin with Spicy Issan Sauce in Cabbage Cup with Crispy Garlic and Cilantro. An explosion of flavors in your mouth!

STEVE GOTHAM, WICKED SPOON, LAS VEGAS
Uni(Sea Urchin) Chawanmushi with Shiso Pickled Black Radish, Matsutake Mushroom, and Smoked Trout Roe-Nice, delicate flavors of this one got my vote for the best bite of the evening...had to kill three of these!

MITSUO ENDO, ABURIYA RAKU, LAS VEGAS
Assorted Yakitori....Nuff' Said!!!

DAVID GILBERT, TUK TUK TAPROOM, SAN ANTONIO
Steamed Red Snapper with Lemongrass Rice...this one wasn't a tasty bite, it was more like a tasty APPETIZER...HUGE!

ERIK BRUNER-YANG, TOKI UNDERGROUND & MAKETTO, WASHINGTON D.C.
Duck Laab Congee.....A-Ok

RENE ORTIZ & LAURA SAWICKI, COCHISUPERSTAR, AUSTIN
Angry Bear Prawn with Szechuan Pepper, Long Pepper, Fermented Soybean, Daikon, and Caramelized Garlic...all you tasted was heat and BURNT garlic. Least favorite bite of the evening.

STEPHEN HOPCRAFT, STK, LAS VEGAS
Short Rib Gyoza with Wasabi Sesame Ponzu...one of the better tasting bites of the evening.

NEAPOLITAN AT THE COSMOPOLITAN
Watermelon Patch Popsicle-Watermelon Margarita and Cucumber in Chili Salt
La Bamba Popsicle-Modelo and Lime Juice with Chipotle Salt and Pop Rocks
Babe Ruthless Sundae
Breakfast of Champions Sundae

PICHET ONG, NYC
Blackberry Ice Cream Sandwich with Berries and Lemon Verbena
More like a sliver of a sandwich, sounded better than it tasted. Least favorite dessert of the evening.

TODD ENGLISH, TODD ENGLISH P.U.B, LAS VEGAS
Hoisin Braised Short Rib Bun with 5-Spice Rubbed Tenderloin and Sweet and 
Sour Pickles-So Good!

ERIC SUNIGA, CHINA POBLANO, LAS VEGAS
 Cochinita Taco,  Bejing Noodle Salad, Salt Air Margarita
Cochinita Pibil Taco was very good, and the Noodle Salad was refreshing...didn't try the Margarita

COLIN FUKUNAGA, FUKUBURGER, LAS VEGAS
Uchida Sobrante: Okonomiyaki-like open faced Arepa
Very tasty collaboration and conveniently close to the ASAHI BEER bar!

BOMBAY SAPPHIRE BAR
A variety of mixed cocktails...can't remember them all, but I enjoyed the Thai of the Tiger drink the most...

JET TILA, KUMA SNOW CREAM, LAS VEGAS
Nu-Kid on the Block: Nutella Snow Cream with Crushed Oreos, Cocoa Condensed Milk, and a Fortune Cookie

Khao Soy

WOW! Such an improvement since Kuma opened! the snow cream was the best dessert of the evening, and Chef Tila's Khao Soy got my vote for the best noodle dish of the evening, along with POK POK and TRIPEL.

We were all stuffed and could continue no more, but it was a great evening and I am definitely looking forward to next year's event!  ALOHA!!!
I have never been to a LuckyRice event before this 2013 Night  Market  at the Cosmopolitan Pool. I thought it was fantastic....I would definitely go again. We  were able to try everything except the Duck Laab Congee by Toki Underground and Maketto, they were out when we hit up their stand and wouldn't have any made in a while. The only line we had to wait in was the Raku stand serving up Yakitori, it was near the end of the night  so I think patrons were trying to get in their last bites.
I wasn't a big fan of the Bordeaux wines they served, but all of the other drinks they had were excellent.
My top 5 favorites of the night...Coconut Pumpkin Soup by Strip Steak (LV) was incredible. Blackberry Ice Cream Sandwich from Pichet Ong (NYC)....YUM! Open Face Arepa from Fukuburger (LV), we better see that on your truck! Lobster with Melon and Celery with Creme Fresh  and Smoked Brioche by Menton (Boston).  And the simple yet fresh and delicious Baked Crab Hand Roll by Yellowtail (LV).   My husbands favorite was the Grilled Sirloin by Pig and Khao (NYC).
There was plenty go around for everyone and we never had to wait long. The majority of the crowd was friendly and polite even with all the booze flowing.
I can't forget I had the pleasure of meeting Todd English. Bumped into some fellow Yelpers and exchanged notes on which foods to get.
The weather was perfect and so was my company. Made for a most excellent night.
It's the food stupid. No really it's not the location or fancy design or catchy name or any other thing , at the end of the day it's the food. Yes it's not in the best area but in Las Vegas what is a good neighborhood. I walked in on a Saturday and the place was packed. It  and  menu is full of traditional Southern Foods, Fried Chicken, Catfish, Bar b Que and other items that they will cook to order-can you imagine some fancy strip or downtown restaurant doing that?
I had pork chops, potatoes and eggs. Delicious. The sign spinners advertising the place made me curious. Glad I went in.  I would go here again. Price was right and I even had enough food to share. People beg when they smell good food!
Very light and crispy catfish.  Small little market with a "hot food" area.  There is also a small sit down area.  It gets very busy but worth the wait.  The price of the combos are also very reasonable.
Gourmet Command Center came out to feed our hungry auction customers, and Bernie, Cindie, and the whole family are just great!  Excellent and professional service.  YUMMY, hot, and fresh made food!  Great prices and wide selection of choices!  It just doesn't get any better than this...and I haven't even mentioned the head-turning TRUCK!  Gourmet Command Center is a class act, and I would recommend them to anyone!
~Cheryl Todd
AZFirearms.com & Pot Of Gold Estate Liquidations, LLC
Avondale, AZ
I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak, Chorizo Burger and Sweet Potato Fries with Maple syrup dipping sauce..I have never been to Philly but I bet the cheesesteaks with chez wiz are pretty damn close..I'm not a big fan of sweet potatoes but these fries we're great with the maple sauce..The real star of this show was the Chorizo Burger..it's a burger made outta Chorizo..Hello!..Awesome!..Hope they come to Tucson soon!
Stomach and tongue give it two thumbs up!
Italian Philly was the final choice after a long eliminations process from the menu.
After receiving my meal, I felt as if once again my eyes were bigger than my stomach. I was starting to slow down half way through the sandwich, but my taste buds wouldn't let me put down this flavorful Philly until it was all gone.
I also had a chance to steal a couple bites of their pulled pork sandwich. Those bites will make my next eliminations even tougher!
Great food, great service, wish I lived closer.
We've eaten at GCC about 3 or 4 times now.  2 times at the Gilbert Food Truck Court on a Friday night.  1 time at the Encanto Home Tour.  And the last time at this past First Friday on Roosevelt Row.  

Sandwiches I've tried - 
Gourmet Chorizo Burger, The New Yorker, and the Philly
Sides - 
Seasoned Fries, and the Cheeseballs.

Everything we've had and ordered has been great.  But they must have been off their game this past  FF on RR.  My parts of my Philly were cold on the inside.  And the fries we ordered were slightly cold too.  We ordered the cheeseballs again and this time we asked them to leave the honey mustard sauce off.  Instead I used some hot sauce (tapitio) and we got a side of blue cheese dressing.  That combo was pretty good!  J said the gal seemed kinda put off that we altered the balls.  But whatever.  

Again, maybe this Friday they were having an off night.  We'll probably return to GCC, but i think it will be a while before we do.
Huge fan of the Philly! You must try the Rattler or ask for a side of the rattler relish.. You will wake in the middle of the night thinking about this combination.. The cheese balls are a must try but today they went quick!~  I hope they're able to make it to my side of town more often!
No more shipping fees for me! This local business holds a special place in my heart. I'm on my fourth bottle of Chili Olive Oil, a truly inspired and essential part of my kitchen now.

There are many zesty and dreamy flavors like Bacon, Blood Orange, Mexican Lime, Vanilla Bean, etc. Oh, and you can try them all at this beautiful shoppe.

They have other locally made products as well;  soaps, pastas, skin care products, accessories and more.

Yet another reason to visit Kierland Commons. Damn, as if that place wasn't dangerous enough.
You really don't know what good olive oil is until you've truly tasted good olive oil.  Oils & Olives sells straight from Queen Creek Olive Mill, giving customers the flavorful experience.  It's just like visiting QCOM sans the hour drive and a few other things.  

All the oil and vinegar flavors and all the tapenades are available.  You can sample all of them here as well.  There's also plenty of locally made beauty products and wines.  The only thing Oils & Olives is missing is the tour and the food.  I can live with that.
I went to this place with a Groupon I found online. I walked in and the workers in the store greeted me as soon as I walked in. They know their product extremely well. They showed me different options and let me sample anything I wanted. I ended up purchasing several olive oils and a balsmic. I highly reccommend this place!!!
I love olives, I love olive oil, I love vinegar, I love wine, I love bath products...so why on earth wouldn't I love a store that sells it all in one place! Oils & Olives is a gifter's and a cook's paradise! It's also a great place to stop by if you need a little mid-day snack because they have samples out all around! 

I am very happy this store opened because rather than driving all the way to their Queen Creek Olive Mill, I can visit their store here in Kierland! The staff is incredibly friendly and very helpful in pointing you in the right olive oil direction. All of their vinegars and olive oils are made at their Mill in Queen Creek and they also sell Arizona wines. The space is stocked full of goodies perfect for adding flavor to your daily meals or for creating a colorful gift for a friend. 

So what about the taste? The taste is sublime! Picture this: bacon olive oil. It tasted like bacon grease but without the added fat and it's perfect for eggs, chicken, pasta...anything really! They also have vinegars such as the strawberry vinegar which tastes delicious with chicken or in a salad. This is a shop that everyone should visit at least once and it's right in the middle of the Kierland Commons! I can't wait to make bacon olive oil chicken with my new olive oil!
I have been to this location three time now and am always very happy. The service is great and I really love that you can try everything before you buy. I just learned on this visit that they have a rewards program. I wish I would have known sooner! The products all are very yummy and great quality. A must stop for anyone who likes to cook.
I can't believe I haven't written a review till now! I am in love. Oils and Olives is my favorite place for olive oil, spreads, honey, and vinegar. My favorite part is that I can sample everything before I buy. This is also my least favorite part because then I end up liking everything I tried and spending way to much! The staff here is always very helpful and I always find something new to try. Some of my favorites are the garlic olive oil, garlic Parmesan dip, Chili Lime oil, and asiago cheese spread. They also apparently have a couple restaurants that I am going to try soon. I signed up for their rewards program and they automatically give you $5 off your next visit so I am going to use it to try their restaurant in Queen Creek. This is one of those stores that once you start using their products, you can't imagine how you lived and cooked before without them!!
OK I am going to say, how can you not love this shop!
I have been to some other ones as well and they are all just so great.
We have really started shopping at these places all the time.
The selections are amazing. Anything you could want in Olive Oil.

Even wonderfu kinds of Vinegar. Blood Orange Vinegar is my favorite so far.
Mixed with a little EVOO, and some spices, best salad dressing and healthy!
Stuffed Olives, crackers, dips.
Some of the little dishes and platters are really nice. Bright and colorful.
Samples every where, I was full by the time I left here. 
Some really good cheeses as well. It is really good to be able to sample things before you buy. Then you do not have to have something just sitting on the shelf. 
You bought it and now you do not like it.
OK, really out in the boonies unless you live in Queen Creek. It was dark and not so inviting inside. Our lunch was good but pretty ordinary. Tours of the mill require purchased tickets.
I love this place.  We come here when it is time to look for a gift for someone special or just to pick up something cool for yourself. This is their satellite store in the Kierland Commons and it is closer than driving to their main location in Queen Creek.

They have a swell selection of all sorts of goodies made from Olives and then some. Many of them you can sample while visiting the store. Olive Oils, Stuffed Olives, Vinegars, Wines, Spreads, and Tapenades. Too many to list them all. So GOOD!

They even have several items that are made from Olives that you should not eat. These being Soaps, Lotions, Bath Oils and Balms.

Some of my many favorite are the Roasted Garlic, the Bacon, and the Chili Pepper Olive Oil. I cannot resist getting a jar of the Stuffed Olives. I always also have to stock up on the Tapenades. Love the Caramelized Red Onion with Fig Tapenade and the Peach Caponatina. Both taste awesome with my pan seared duck breast that I love to cook.

Don't forget the really nice Gift Boxes they have. Some of them you can customize to your liking for your special friend or family member. They also have fun Apparel and locally crafted Ceramics that you can purchase. Check out their website to see all their fine products or just pop in and give them a visit.

Keep it LOCAL when you can. ENJOY!
I am a big fan of the qq olive mill so I was thrilled when the opened a store in Scottsdale. In love all of the oils from here, there are so many different flavors that you can use for anything. They also have a great assortment of beauty products... I love the Chapstick and the body oil in lavender. Perfect stop if you want to get some unique gifts and they have a great selection of wines
How could you write a 5 star review on an .....olive oil place? Well after visiting, it's pretty easy. I thought I would just cruise in to check it out and actually got a free bottle of crushed basil olive oil! It is by far the best tasting basil olive oil I've ever had and I've recently been putting it on anything.
But I digress. The employees here are really helpful and let you taste test a lot! 
I would suggest checking this place out when they do free events. I want to say they used to be on Wednesday evenings? You get to try different products paired with foods and wine. All sample size obviously, but still a great opportunity. 
They don't have just cooking products either, their lavender body line is freaking amazing. I feel more relaxed just thinking about it.
I'm giving this place 3 stars for now. It's could be 4 stars but I may have ordered the wrong thing....

I ordered the whiting, fried. I should have ordered it Cajun fried because there was no seasoning in he batter. Also the batter is cornmeal, I don't mind this but some do. The fries were good as were the red beans and rice.

I do plan to try this place again as it is difficult to find good seafood that isn't expensive. They fry, grill, etc. they also have barbecue and fried chicken. This is also a fish market where you can buy fresh seafood and fish.

I really hope this place is worthy of a 4 star review.
Delivery of seafood? Awesome! I found this place on GrubHub, apparently an extension of the Nile Cafe next door. Anyway, great seafood for pickup or delivery. They have a table or two outside if you wish to dine here.
The brisket was basically cooked meat, a little dry no real personality, canned barbeque sauce on the side.  The fish was a little under done so I threw it out.  The two sides were nice, coleslaw was just right and the potato salad was done really well.  I did not know it was going to be a long wait for lunch or I would have called ahead.  It was a little dirty so we won't go back.
Great for those nights that you do not want the usual pizza or Chinese food delivered to your door.  Has a multitude of different types of fish that can be cooked many different styles with some awesome sides to back them up.  They quoted us 30 minutes delivery time and it only took them 15 minutes!
It was OK but no where near the best fish in town.  Really salty (drank like crazy all afternoon).  Coleslaw was typical "from the tub".  No malt vinegar--what is with that--when you have fish, you need vinegar, not ketchup.  Extremely limited seating.
I went to J&M Fish Market today with my Mom. We were greeted by a very polite young man, who explained the menu to us. I ordered Cajun Grilled Red Snapper, and chose grilled veggies and collard greens as my sides. Mom ordered fried whiting, and chose cole slaw and collard greens. We decided to eat at one of the outside tables. The food was quite tasty, and the service was excellent. The greens were so good that I wanted to bring some home for my husband. I asked our server, and even though the kitchen was already closed, he got me the greens. At no charge. A great experience, we will surely be back.
The whiting (they ran out of catfish) was all kinds of bland except for a really strong fishy flavor (whiting is the least supposed to taste like fish), especially for "cajun fried", or was that what the bucket of hot sauce was supposed to represent? The jerk chicken tacos tasted nothing of jerk, the only noticable flavor was from the sweet thai chili sauce added on the side. The mac and cheese side was a congealed mass of fake cheese with some tasteless noodles to bind it together, and the rice and red beans were essentially that, a layer of rice with canned red beans poured over top. 

The only saving grace was my partner's cajun grilled tilapia, the highlight of the meal.
We ordered the Tilapia grilled with fries and cole slaw and roll + chicken fingers with mac & cheese. 

The Tilapia size was above average and grilled perfectly. The cole slaw was also tasty. Fries needed just a little longer cooked. 

The Chicken fingers were breaded fresh and cooked perfectly. Mac & cheese was not good. 

Customer Service is very friendly and inviting. We would for sure go back. I recommend trying the Tilapia. I think they have some things to work out on the sides but overall pretty good.
This place is connected to J & M Fish Market, so decided to give it a try for dinner. Place was deserted, service was slow and they were out of the first 3 items I ordered (Clam Strips, Whiting/ Atlantic White Fish and Red Snapper).  Maybe the place is still pretty new, and they haven't figured out how much to order? Even if that's the case, I still thought it was a bit odd to be out of so many items.

I ended up ordering the BBQ Rib Tips.  The meat was really dry, with not much BBQ sauce, so I asked for some on the side.  The sauce was likely out of a bottle.  Overall, I would say the food was OK...  Not great, not bad, just OK.

I had a slice of cheesecake before leaving.  Not homemade, a little dry, but pretty good.

Not sure I would give the place another try, but we'll see...
Really wanted to like this place and i bought two groupons.  Probably deserves 3.5 stars. Listen, the service is very good.  Last night I called a take out order in, and it was ready and all wrapped up 20 mins later when i got there to pick it up; server was very friendly.  You also get a good amount of food for the price ($10-$15); you get the piece of fish, two sides (ive only had veges and red beans + rice), and a cornbread muffin.    

However, the fish is just not that good.  I got two orders last night, 1 walleye and 1 snapper, both grilled.  One of the filets look like like some massacred the fish with a dull machete.  The other filet looks appealing, but had some small bones in it.  The taste of both was also very bland, and neither really tasted fresh; rather, they were somewhat tough and dry - so i doubt the fish is actually fresh.   They should also include a lemon wedge.  No idea why they dont.  However, the sides were very good and the muffin was a nice surprise.   

So, you get a decent "fresh" fish meal and with a good amount of food for under 15 bucks, so its not that bad.  But, on the other hand, the fish is just not very good.  Maybe if you get it fried it will taste better - but then whats the point of getting fish if your just going to make it unhealthy?
This place is phenomenal! I highly recommend the cajun red snapper, seasoned veggies , and red beans and rice. The waiter was incredibly polite and created a delightful dining experience.
I wish I had better things to say.

I called in my order and they said 15 min.  40 min later I was still waiting for my food.  I ordered jerk chicken taco, ultimate nachos and rib tips with mac and cheese and potato salad.  They forgot to give me the sides - mac and cheese and potato salad.  

Jerk chicken tacos and the nachos pretty much had the same grilled chicken with some kinda thai chili sauce on top.  The tortillas weren't very good..  and the chips were chewy..  Its just odd to have sweet and sour sauce on top of the nachos..  They both were like something scraped together from whatever you'd find in the fridge.

The rib tips were ok.  Not especially good, not especially bad.  

All in all, I had such high hopes for the place and they were super nice.  But the food isn't very good and it sucks that they didn't give me part of my order.  Shoulda known when the door was locked and you had to enter through the store next door.
This place is closed down
I received a menu in the mail for this restaurant and thought, I would give it a go.  I have lived in the valley for 28 years and to tell you the truth, I have never found any restaurants that have wonderful chinese food for a fair price.  WELL I HAVE FOUND IT NOW!!!!!  This place is located near power on Superstition Springs Blvd.  The building is very unassuming, but when you walk in it is nice ambiance, pleasant staff, great service and the food, absolutely top notch for very reasonable prices (most of the dinner entrees are $9-$11 and lunch specials from 11:30 am - 3 pm run $6.50 to $7.50.  My son ordered the Garlic Chicken and I had the Mu Shi Pork.  I was impressed with the variety of vegetables in the chicken dish and the Mu Shi Pork was perfectly done with beautiful presentation. Their menu says they do catering, they have family dinner pricing with the full meal deal in options, and they do take out.  (Check out their website).  They have a wonderful assortment of dishes and even have a kids meal...

For years my family in UT have had a tradition of going to a place in Roy, call the ABC Mandarin.  I have always lamented that nobody in Arizona was as good as that restaurant...I now have one here I can treat my family to, and for the prices, I can eat there whenever I want!!!!  SSOOOOOO EXCITED to find this place and hope they are discovered and get a following quickly so they will stick around for a long long time...

Give it a try, you will be absolutely amazed...I sure was!
Ordered takeout today.  2 orders of garlic chicken, wonton soup, fried rice.

Ordering:  Glad to hear an Asian person answer the phone, instills confidence.  But seriously?  You can't substitute fried rice for $1?  They made me order a $4 side of egg fried rice (enough for 2).  

Service:  Friendly and fast, no complaints.

Food:  Overall pretty good.  I'm from the east coast and I don't understand veggies in my wonton soup.  Mediocre Chinese food is one of the prices I pay for living in AZ.  That, and not shoveling snow.  I can deal with it.  Garlic chicken was very flavorful, and spicy as we requested.  Fried rice was adequate, but I was still pissed about the $4.  

Value:  $9+ per entree, and portions are not very large.  I can deal with that if the quality is good, and it is.  However there is the matter of the rice.  If you are going to charge extra for that you are going to lose customers.  And they didn't give me the white rice which would normally be included with my garlic chicken.

Will I return?  Maybe.  I'm still pissed about the rice.
Bring your flashlight, lighting is very poor. The food is nothing more than barely average Chinese takeout. You could get the same or better quality elsewhere for less $$.
Went there last Friday evening. Food was very good but not very hot.  Two of us had just lukewarm food but it was still good.  Unfortunately, one of the guests had to wait quite awhile for his food; apparently the order had been forgotten.  By the time he got his food we were almost done.  The staff was fantastic and very attentive.  Loved being able to sit outside and the lighting was perfect.  Will definitely return again. Glad to have an upscale Chinese restaurant in the area.
New restaurant at Superstition Springs. Went in for lunch. Nothing special. I had the shrimp in lobster sauce, and walked out hungry. My son had the Kung Pao, and he did like it. We will more than likely try it again, and give it another chance!
My boyfriend and I went here for dinner. Lovely little place. We were there during Happy Hour and they have some great drink and appetizer deals. We got edamame and lettuce wraps. Both really good.
I got Kung Pao Chicken and my boy got some kind of noodle dish. 
We both thought it was great! I took half mine home I was so full.
Prices are reasonable, service was fast and good. Nice atmosphere for a date, but I would take my kids there too. Cute patio area. 
Totally worth going to again.
We initially went because of a groupon and well worth it, but will definitely go back and pay the full price ;)
Been here a few times for both dine-in and takeout, and never had a problem yet.  I moved out this way from Tempe and noticed something of a drought of good and affordable Chinese in the area until my husband and I tried this place.  He likes the Orange Chicken, I'm a fan of the Beef Chow Fun and Lo Mein.  Like the ambience, it beats out the nearby PF Chang's for portions and price anyday.  Try it out sometime!
I went yesterday for lunch with my 2 buddies. We all loved it. We each got something different, Sweet and Sour Chicken, Orange Chicken and Kung Pao chicken. Since the lunch price is so reasonable we also got a Mongolian Beef to share. We shared all the food and it was all delicious. I love Sweet and Sour and Sai Wan's was top notch with lots of pineapple and peppers. The Kung Pao chicken was very good as well with beautiful slices of chicken in a nice sauce. The Mongolian Beef was very tender and great. It is a very clean well appointed place. I don't understand an earlier reviewers comments about the fried rice as it came with our lunch automatically and they also handled several special requests with no problem. I highly recommend Sai Wan Hong Kong Bistro and I will definitely go back as will my friends.
Best Chinese Food I have had since moving to AZ and I am from San Francisco. Great tasting & light, exceptional run dont walk to try it. Charlotte Gilbert
I will save you the time and money, don't go.They have removed a large portion of the menu and the food is no longer good. Spent $40 bucks tonight as I have been a loyal customer since they opened and EVERYTHING is different. So bummed as this was my go to place, always knew it would be delicious! :( Calamari used to be large with a light and fluffy batter and now it was nothing but chunks of hard unflavored batter. Bit into a piece and couldn't even see the calamari. They have removed all the Lo Mein noodle dishes so I instead did a pad Thai which was a rice noodle, it came out all in one big sticky mass with no taste. Pot stickers were to die for and they no longer make those. Broccoli beef was thick and savory with tender beef, now it was swimming in a watery teriyaki type flavored "sauce". The beef was tough and chewy. Egg fried rice was different as well. Got home, looked and tasted everything and pretty much threw away $40 worth of food. Bring back the old menu and cooks and I will consider returning. Until then I am taking my money, business and many many referrals of customers I have sent your way away from your business.  I have posted pictures of the food I bought this evening as proof.  Mine are the last 3 photos, you can tell the difference from mine and the older ones as far as quality. No more happy hour either. They have changed the name to Spice Asian Bistro as well. Shame the old owners had happy loyal customers and now the new ones are going to run a once amazing place out of business.
The restaurant is under new management, and the new owners are super nice!  I would highly reccommend the Shredded Szechuan Beef.  It is FANTASTIC. Just like Pf Chang's but with larger pieces of beef.
OUT OF BUSINESS. Spice Asian Bistro now occupies this space. Can't wait to try them out and post my review!
The attitude of these guys sucks
Excellent food, great, friendly service! Great variety of dumplings. Salads are fresh and good.  Smoked salmon salad with balsamic and So Beefy Dumplings are just amazing. Ying/Yang specialty drink is unique and taste great.  A Madison food cart must try.
Someone said I should rate the food not the people.
If i go someplace and the people running it are rude or jerks, it does not matter how good the food is.  I do not reward  their lack of appreciation for my $$$.  I enjoy this type of food and thought this had the potential  to be a favorite but I won't go back BECAUSE OF their arrogant attitude.
At first I thought- okay, regular dumplings are pretty easy to make and kinda boring with typical ground pork and green onion type filling.  And if you have the time to make them, they're not that expensive.  I wasn't sure what to expect when I saw SoHo. I definitely did not want to pay for overpriced traditional dumplings.  BUT SoHo blew my mind away with their creative flavors.  My favorite is the So Hot Chick flavor- it is spicy and creamy and comes with this yummy dip. I just finished eating some dumplings and I licked clean the tiny plastic cup that the sauce comes in.  I think the price is also very reasonable- 3 for $2.50.  Their special today was mac and cheese and it was 3 for $3.  On Tuesday nights, the food truck sits near my house on Midvale Avenue near the softball field at Midvale Elementary.  The owner says they'll be there indifintely- at least through fall.  When I went there, I saw a gal bring her own little lunch box container to buy the dumplings- great idea!  Also, the truck guy says they're gonna serve rice congee for fall.  Yum!  During the week at lunchtime, the food truck sits at the corner of Main and Carroll near the Capitol.  It's food that is easy to eat when you're walking and it's super yummy.  Please support this food truck.
If an item on the menu has a large "100% vegan" graphic next to it, it should NOT be covered in real cheddar cheese.  Just sayin...

Otherwise, the "vegan" options (after actually veganizing them) were ok.  But it bugs me when a place pretends to care, so 2 stars.
The dumplings are really good and reasonably priced. The So Beefy and So Authentic are *So* good.

The salad was a bit of a let down. Salad in a bag with a bit of bacon and tomato with some ginger wasabi type dressing. I probably wouldn't get that again.
When on the Capital Square there are lots of good food carts.  I have to say my #1 is SOHO Gourmet Cuisines! This cart sells fusion dumplings that are made with some flare, salads and unique drinks. . I have been to this cart on multiple  occasion and  I have tried many of their offerings of dumplings, salads and drinks. 

 My personal favorite are the SO BEEFY! the dipping sauce is amazing, It offers a little bit of spice and great flavors. 

My favorite Special is the MAC & CHEESE! .all i can say is WOW!  

A new special I just tried yesterday was BARBECUE PORK (great flavors) with Pineapple Salsa sauce and it is fantastic as well.

On Farmers Market Days they offer 2 BREAKFAST DUMPLINGS, what could be better than breakfast in a dumpling.  

 If you like a lighter meal the salads are fresh and good as well. The homemade dressings are light and fresh. 

 They make a spicy ranch sauce that is good on ALL their dumplings. 

 Watermelon Spritzer is a great drink and it is very refreshing. 

This is a must go to cart for me.  Customer service on this cart is great and the prices are amazing!
Alright, peeps.  I do not love that I can not mix and match.  However, I love these dumplings.  The "So Beefy" were standard dumplings.  Good, but skip it and try something else.  I had the spicy chicken dumplings.  I am so in love.  I could have eaten a tub of these.  A TUB!  The sauce that went with them was the perfect match.

The dumplings were hot and juicy inside.  The spicy chicken was flavorful but not overpowering the spice.  

I have wanted to try to place for SO long and FINALLY I have!  Would it be bad to say I want to marry them?  Perhaps I will just stalk them and have my way with them whenever I can.  Either way, love is in the air and in the dumplings!
What can I say that hasn't already been said??!  My mouth is watering just attempting to write a review!  Great value, phenomenal taste...  Dipping sauces?  To die for...  YOU HAVE TO GO!!  Hopefully they'll open other carts/locations soon : )
Not baaaaad! Not bad at all. The dumplings are awesome (especially with the So Original sauce) and the guys that run the cart are super friendly and professional. The one thing I didn't love was that my ginger salad was a little heavy on the dressing. I'll definitely be back, though, and I'm excited to try some of their other kinds of dumplings and soups.
I liked these dumplings the first time I tried them in the summertime.  More Asian fusion and other ethnic food trucks in Madison, please!
I enjoyed it greatly. The spicy chicken dumplings were the best! Perfect spice and the dipping sauce was delicious!  Service was fast and friendly and informative. Keep up the good work! Also the price of the food is perfect.
The SoHo Gourmet food cart is so yummy. The So Chick dumplings are my favorite. The salads compliment the dumplings very well. Love that new rice boxes are being offered this year. I had a sample of the rice today. It was really good. I knew I should gotten out earlier.
Very interesting cart. I was drawn in by their dumplings and I have to give it up to the SoHo food cart for their unique approach on Asian dumplings. My favorite was their Hot Chick, which is buffalo chicken flavored. The best part about it was that they fry it up like a potsticker. Great contrast in texture. They also serve rice dishes too. The special of the day for the day was BBQ pork served with rice. But this wasn't like your everyday BBQ pork you'd have at a barbecue. This tasted just like the authentic BBQ pork I've eaten in Hong Kong (Funny enough the owner was from Hong Kong, which made a lot of sense). The pork taste just like Hong Kong style BBQ pork should. It was sweet and tangy with just enough char on it to compensate for the sweetness. It also came with the authentic ginger scallion sauce which was amazing. It came with a soy sesame salad, but how I wish the entire box was filled with the BBQ pork rice. And for $8 it beat buying a plane ticket back to Hong Kong because this was as authentic as you can get!
Really friendly and engaging owner. Willing to talk, work with you on orders, etc. Problem is, the dumplings (though very creative and exciting) do not deliver on taste. Inadequate fillings for the flavor profile. Beef dumplings have a very small meatball within, mac & cheese dumplings contain a couple pieces of mac noodles with little flavor. I really wish I liked it, but it's just bland and pricey dumplings that get good reviews due to their creativity.
The Korean bbq pork lunch box with kim chi and pickled cucumbers was knock your socks off good.  Such a welcome addition to the Capitol area food cart scene.  And thanks for the friendly vibe.
Outstandingly ( Is that a word?) fantastic staff, ( Howdy Phillip and gang), great cupcakes, best peach Ice Tea Eva, and from what I hear the Sangria is to die for. (I was done drinking for the night) I went to a Yelp Elite Event and part of our tour was a stop here. I have been wanting to hit their QC Grove location for a while now. I will definitely have to do that. The shop part has the strangest, wonderful, and most delightful olives, oils, and beauty products. Chocolate or Bacon Olive Oil anyone? lol
I've been out to the actual Queen Creek Olive Mill and it's a wonderful place for a day trip. If you don't live out in Queen Creek, it's a bit far though if you're craving something from their cafe or want to purchase some of their products. Behold! There is the Biltmore location that sells Queen Creek olive oils and vinegars as well as products made with their olive oil. They also have a cafe that sells delicious goodies-we got to sample some of their olive oil cupcakes! 
Their products make great gifts too when you want to give someone a local AZ product! Glad to know this store is here!
Even though I have never been to their actual mill at Queen Creek, I do love their olive oils and will purchase them whenever I see them at a farmers market or gourmet store. It was really cool to see that they have this store in UNION that has their full line of products. At least I think so. They had A LOT of stuff, anyway. I bought some of the spicy olives that they had available to sample since they were just so yummy and also after trying a handful of the dozen or so oils they had out to try ended up selecting the bacon and white truffle flavors to take home with me. YUM! I have already broken open the bacon olive oil to drizzle on some butternut squash ravioli I got at Sprouts and it was D-LISH!
Loved! Loved! Loved!  . . . this little shop is in the new Union at the Biltmore on Camelback.  It is small, but so many wonderful olive oil products are there for you to smell, taste and buy. I loved the little tasting table in the middle where you can actually smell and taste a variety of their olive oils. 

I settled on two on my last visit:
1. A Gourmet dipping olive oil - so incredibly good with French bread!
2. A Chocolate olive oil - bought it for a friend who is a great cook and likes to experiment with new recipes. Also picked up a recipe for chocolate cake made with the chocolate olive oil for her.

Next time I'm in I want to try one of their olive oil soaps. Just imagine how delightful they would feel on your skin in this dry climate.  Must give it a try.

Across the aisle at their sister store you can find cupcakes made with the different oils. Worth a try.

Love to cook? Love to eat healthy? Love your olive oil to be fresh? Then, by Jove, this is your place.  A taste of Italy right from Queen Creek, Arizona.
We went to the Olive Mill with our 2 kids to enjoy some local food based on the recommendation of my brother in law.  I am from a small town so the ma and pa atomsphere was a refershing spin.  I am from Chandler - aka chain city.  There was also live music and the food was great.  It's a great place to escape to if you are up for a drive and in the mood for a relaxing local food joint.
Maybe not Edinburgh's best kept secret like it used to be (it can be tough getting a seat on sunny summer days) but that doesn't detract from the fact the the Mosque Kitchen serves up a very tasty curry a rock-bottom prices (£3.50 for a big plate of chicken curry and rice). The outdoor courtyard and its resident pigeons may not be the most alluring of settings but it's impossible to argue with the quality and quantity of the food being served up. Long may it continue!
Empfehlenswert!
Gute Currys (4 vegetarische!), große Portionen, sehr günstiger Preis! Beonders toll ist, dass man 2 bzw. 3 Currys in einer Portion bestellen kann, so kann man sich durchkosten.
Das Ambiente ist für einen Schnellimbiss ok. 
Was nicht passt: es wird Plastik-Wegwerfgeschirr und -Besteck verwendet  durch die Verwendung von Mehrweggeschirr könnte man den Müll um einiges verringern!
Okay so here is the thing, there are two mosque kitchens. The story is that the owners of the one that opened years ago by the mosque decided to move it and is today called the same 'Mosque kitchen' and is by the corner of Nicholsen Square. Then the mosque decided to open the kitchen of theirs under the name 'The original mosque kitchen' Since I've always gone to the mosque I know that the brain behind the menu and the kitchen staff moved along to the Mosque Kitchen. So out of curtsy to the first kitchen I have since they moved gone to eat there. 

I went once and tried the food here at The Original Mosque Kitchen and didn't really enjoy it and continued to go to the first one.

Then yesterday when I saw that people was reviewing the two kitchens under the same name I felt this had to be sorted but more important for me I decided to take off my curtsy jacket and try it again with open heart and free mind. So here is my review.

One thing is for sure that the terrace here is very charming and I love the feeling of sitting sheltered from the rain and enjoy food outside. They might not me the original kitchen but it is a very original place.

The staff is so welcoming and nice and I get happy just entering the kitchen to order food.  

The menu is just the same with option of lamb curry, chicken curry, barbecue chicken, grilled lamb shish, spinach mix, lentil sauce, chickpea sauce, vegetable stew and rice for all dishes.

The price is amazing, I had lamb curry with rice and lentil sauce and paid £5.50 including a tropical juice. WOW!

The portions are massive and one has to ask to get less if not to hungry and wish to respect food.

The lamb was a bit dry, but the flavours of the sauce, lentil and rice was absolutely delicious and I loved it. I have to say that if I add the over all experience it is a clear 4 star. If the meat wasn't dry it would have been a 5 star.

So next will be to try the Mosque Kitchen and decide with a fresh mind where I will go from now on.
Yes, I also attended the soft opening.  Everyone there was excited and so friendly.  The actual grand opening is tomorrow so it will be interesting to see how they did.  

We just had to try the guacamole made at the table - the guac-chick was awsome.  They give you all kinds of options while preparing it.  It was fantastic....needed a little salt for my taste but pretty darn good.  Chips light and crispy-homemade.  Salsa just ok.

For entrees we ordered a chicken salad, steak pablano pepper and pork tacos.  All delish!  The chicken salad was full of flavor.  The steak pablano pepper (not sure if that was what it was called) was great.  The pepper stuffed with cheese, shrimp, onions and mushrooms sandwiched by a thin steak.  Wow.  Really wow.  Yum.  The tacos were good and flavorfull too.  My daughter ordered the corn dog (haha-kids) which they served honey mustard with which I thought was weird. lol  

The decor was very blah.  They sat us in the back facing a wall with nothing on it. Odd kind of ambiance.  Kadence was our waitress-she was fabulous!  Like I said everyone was fantastic-on their best behavior still learning everything and getting to know each other but seemed like a good future team. ;)

The best thing was the BROWNIE!  They said it takes SIX yes SIX hours to make!  What???  They prepare the brownie with some kind of cream sauce and ice cream on a skillet right at your table.  Unbelievable!  It sounded like alot of their desserts were specially made like that - at the table.  Very "special" kind of dessert.  I only planned to have a couple bites...uh yeah that didnt happen.  hahah  Bet you would say the same and change that thought.

3 stars because they are not opened yet.  We will have to try it one more time to see.  The prices seem a little high-well some on them.  Our bill would have been about $90 with a margarita and a glass of wine.  Its worth a shot at least once.   Not sure when we will be back but if we do I will update this review.  Cheers!
Went there for dinner last night, Sunday, November 18, 2012. Ambiance was great, attentive from the moment you walked in, every person working there was smiling, now lets get to the food, what can I say it was fabulous. We started with the guacamole, made table side, they had little jars of condiments and asked you what you would like in it, it was delicious. My son had the Tacos al pastor, they had bits of pineapple in them and smelled and tasted wonderful (we all shared and had a bite of every ones order) I had the Enchiladas de Camerones....what are you kidding me, the shrimp was sweet and succulent, served with a sour cream poblano sauce that made my eye roll to the back of my head. My father had the Enchiladas Veracruz, which was a chicken enchilada with tomatillo sauce and queso fresco, old adage to "Die For". We topped off our meal with flan that was so smooth and light, my dad had the Mexican Apple Pie, with a Mexican Brandy butter and homemade cinnamon ice cream. I had the Mango Tres Leches cake, all I can say is that this cake deserves it's own holiday, it should be celebrated. If you have a chance to go there, what are you waiting for.....FANTASTIC!
Great atmosphere and really good food. Went for happy hour (1/2 priced apps and not sure of the drink specials but the margs were full price and we didn't care for any of them). Great crab cakes, wonderful mango chicken salad with jicama and excellent ceviche but the table side guacamole was standard fare, nothing special. Great bar scene and huge dining room and outdoor patio, will definitely return and just drink wine.
I wish I could give this place 4.5 stars, not only because the food and service were both excellent, but because I'm very excited that there is finally a decent Mexican restaurant in Summerlin. I had the fish tacos and my girlfriend had the cheese enchiladas (which inexplicably comes with chile con carne on top - she opted for the delicious but spicy tomatillo sauce instead). My tacos were flavorful and juicy, and they were grilled, not fried, which I loved. The picked onions on top were yum yum.  Complimentary chips were light and crunchy and the salsas were tasty. We each had a margarita which were made with fresh squeezed juices and a VERY healthy pour of tequila. Hopefully they keep this up! I thought the room and bar area were lovely and understated, with plenty of natural light.  Our server (Cesar) was great - we got lots of attention and copious drink refills. Overall, lunch was a big thumbs-up.....we will certainly be back to try other menu items and take advantage of the happy hour margaritas...
My post might be a bit biased since I spent the entire night and next day in front my of toilet.  Not 100% sure the cause was the food here but aside from that, there was nothing here that would make me come back for.  The food is over priced and not special.

Ordered the al pastor tacos, which were just mediocre and when I had asked the waitress about whether the meat came from that huge vertical roasting stick she had no clue. (dont think it did since the meat was more of pulled pork style)
This play deserves this 5! Service was great from the start. Chips (fresh made) and salsa at the table so so good. Powerfruit mojito delicious and my pescado tacos along with my husband's enchilades vera cruz were all exceptional! Our server Sundae (yes that's her name and aptly so) was great and able to roll with our style of humor. We will definitely be back. I mean after all we have to try the happy and brunch. That's only fair.
The happy hour is great. Thursdays is lady's night with half price margaritas. They are also great at the regular price. Don't pass up the guacamole made fresh table side. They use serrano peppers which gives good heat. If you want to kick it way up ask for the Ghost peppers but be careful. The complimentary chips are tasty, not greasy or salty. 2 types of salsas are provided, cold and warm. The Happy Hour menu also has a good variety of food at a 50% discount. The Enchiladas De Pollo comes with a poblano sauce and the portion of 3 was flavorful and sufficient. 
The decor was clean and bright. Our servers were friendly, helpful and attentive. We look forward to coming back and enjoying the outdoor patio. Cantina Laredo is a great addition to the dining choices at Tivoli Village. A solid 4 Stars
This is a review of the Happy Hour.

The Skinny: underseasoned and underwhelmed. Although they give you big portions, in this case, it isn't a good thing (2), service - stinks worse than the food (0) value: edible food but nothing spectacular, shoddy service makes this place a (2).

We came here to try their happy hour because we were enticed by their rather extensive half priced bar menu.

Normally when it comes to happy hours, we make it a point to sit at the bar because the bartender is right there offering you service. At this joint, the bartenders couldn't give a s&*t.

He barely acknowledged us as we sat down. After spending a good amount of time fetching 2 glasses of water (he was too busy flirting with 2 skanky looking chicks at the end of bar), he neglected to provide a menu. I had to sneak one away from our neighbour. 

By the time he returned, we barraged him with our menu selections because we didn't know when he'd come back from infinity and beyond. Then he asked us "are you sure you don't want a margarita?". 

Pet peeve rant. If I wanted a f&*king margarita I'd have ordered one. End of rant.

Realizing we weren't going to order booze, he pretty much ignored us. We had to ask for everything -- from more refills of water even when our empty glasses were in front of his face to f*&king cutlery. Don't even get me started on him lifting out heavy bins of dirty dishes and not washing his hands. Oh, and it took at least 10 minutes to find him to print out our check.

At one point, the bar was completely unmanned for at least 6 minutes. A bunch of servers were huddled around the drink order area, waiting for their drinks to be made. Yup, the bar area = major clusterf$&k. And lets face it... the restaurant was perhaps 25% capacity (maybe 40 customers) and that's being freaking generous.

The bartender actually had the gall to say just as he handed us our check which he finally got around to printing out. "Sorry about the poor service tonight. We just got slammed." By whom, I wonder, because the joint wasn't even hopping. 

In a way that was totally a dick move to try and garner sympathy. He knew that service was shoddy but didn't really acknowledge it until he realized that he was going to get a s*&tty tip. Sorry douche -- you still got a shitty tip anyway. He's lucky we left anything at all.

On to the food.We ordered the fish tacos (3 tacos, $13 regular price), the tacos al pastor ((3 tacos, $11 regular price), the steak flatbread (2 large portions, $11 regular price)  and the ahi tuna tacos (3 tacos, $9 regular price). Portion sizing in general for their bar menu is rather generous. However given the lower quality of their food, large amounts is not a boon at all.

We sampled their chips and salsa. Our server just plopped them on our table so I had no idea of what kind of salsa it was. The warm one is better than the cold one but neither one was truly worth mentioning. Their chips are on the thinner variety and needed some salt.

Ahi tuna tacos were pretty bad. The fish had a weird sweetness to it that was singularily unpleasant. Encased in a taco shell made soggy by the watery, flavourless, green slime masquerading as guacamole, I believe this was definitely the worst dish of the night.

The fish tacos had a very skimpy portion of fish in it. Or maybe because there are too many freaking slices of red raw onion to actually identify that there's some underseasoned fish hiding in there. Texturally uninteresting, it definitely needed more cabbage to add some crunch. It was just terribly bland and not very interesting dish.

Tacos al pastor are not legit. It looks like chunky, stewed upchuck instead of the roasted pork on a spit. If that wasn't bad enough, the pork was as desperately flavourless as the fish tacos. Mixing in the grilled pineapple wasn't going to save it. It was pretty mediocre.

The flatbread de bistek was the only thing that was truly palatable that night. The steak actually was seasoned and the flatbread was crisp - almost like a thicker cracker. It definitely wasn't anything astounding but at least it was okay. But as finger food, it's really messy to eat without a knife and fork. 

Overall, given the s*(tty service and the "okay to the-verge-of-nasty" food, I have no inclination to return. I was seriously debating about given this place a 1 star review. However the food was bad but wasn't completely inedible. For that, this joint squeeks by with a 2 starred review.
OHMAGOLLY...  This is exactly what Vegas has been missing.  The table side guac is total treat.  After sharing the starter, I ordered the Camorones Escondidos.  Chicken shrimp brilliance with sauteed spinach... num num num...  Definitely could not leave w/o trying the tres leches for dessert - no one should...  And of course, had to wash it all down w/ that Perfect Patron Margarita...  Can't beat a bartender who pours heavy...  Can't wait to go back and sit on their beautiful patio.
This is definitely my FAVORITE MEXICAN RESTAURANT! Phenomenal food and service!!! I loved the Carne Asada and the Fresh Guacamole prepared right in front of you. The margarita was also "wow"... For dessert I had the Mango Tres Leches. Can't wait to go back. The portion sizes are just right and everything tastes fresh! I actually think it was very cheap if you consider the quality of food and service. Simply LOVE IT!!!
Nothing like this place in Summerlin, fresh and new. I expect this to be a regular spot for me.
Visited Cantina Laredo for the second time. Food was great! Our server Eric was awesome! Again, I had my Top Shelf Guacamole and my delicious Carne Asada...  Casa Rita Margarita was also fantastic!!! I guess I got addicted to this restaurant. Quality is something that really matters to me and they have it all! Thank you, Cantina Laredo Staff for great food and service, even in a busy night... See you soon!
Excellent food and service. The warm salsa is some of the best I've ever had. And the place is beautiful.
EExcellent .....feshly made guacamole salad super custom made .....clean ....very accomodating with kids .  Prices are good ....super delicious fiesta fajitas ....quail was fantastic .....I wish tortillas were made on site ....so easy to make .  Johnny the server was very attentive and knowledgeable ....and good sense of humour ...not intrusive at all.  Try the flan.....bravo!!!!!!!!
Very good but needs to make fresh tortillas and rice i love the guakamole:)
Cantina Laredo Mexican Restaurant (3Stars) 
- 4 Stars for its good valued happy hour drinks & bar dishes and atteactive modern decor
- 2 Stars for poor bartender service!

It is a great addition to the charming Tivoli Village. It's a mid-upscale, Mexican restaurant with a plush, modern decor and very inviting, comfortable ambience. Its Happy Hour offer is excellent with good bar dishes and drinks and low prices. Service at the bar is quite SUBPAR, however.

My HH EXPERIENCE: 
- My first HH experience here was good enough that I'd go back there again and soon, and bring some friends along. 

Its entrance looks upscale and inviting, with the large open patio on the side, its lit firepit radiating warmth and charm. Inside the entrance is a nice waiting area. I was surprised to see a modern, mid-upscale decor - nothing resembles a traditional Mexican establishment! 
- It was only after I saw the HH menu and well after getting my free tortilla chips, when Cantina Laredo made me feel being in a Mexican restaurant. 
- I took a seat at the bar counter, which was about half-full around 6pm, and had to wait unusually long to get my 1st beer and chips! After one of the 2 barkeeps first greeted me, then they just seemed to ignore the customers.

The bar lounge is medium sized with an attractive bar counter and  several nice bar tables. Its happy hour (4-7; 9-closing M-F: Sat 11-5pm) offers a good selection of drinks ($2-5, plus daily drink specials), half-off bar dishes ($5-7), with free, warm tortilla chips!
[- See pics of menu]

I enjoyed my draft Dos XX ($3) and a delicious Margarita (Monday Special, $5, equivalent to two normal margaritas at $3each). For food, I had its popular Crab Cakes ($5.5) which came with 3 pieces - great price. However, the first cake I tasted was disappointing, a bit loose, runny, hardly had any crab meat, and was ONLY LUKE WARM (despite the warning from the server that the plate was super HOT!). After several attempts, I finally got the attention of the bartender, who called the manager. The manager was very friendly and offered to get me another order. I asked him to just have it warmed up, which he did. After the dish was warmed up, the crab cakes did taste much better; those remaining two did contain some crab meat! The mgr explained that the batch was probably not mixed well enough for more even distribution of ingredients? The gentleman sitting next to me was going to order the crab cakes but changed his mind after seeing my order.

Actually my main disappointment was its two bartenders' SUBPAR service that evening. They were NOT attentive, even the bar was not busy. They avoided eye contact with customers. The gentleman next to me and I were sitting at a great spot near the beer tabs and cash register, but we both still had great difficulty getting their attention even for our 1st drink, not to mention our subsquent orders...!

Note to Management:
- I understand that your nice restaurant is still brand new. I do hope your management would conduct more training to improve (1) the services at the bar counter, and (2) the consistency/quality of its dishes. PLEASE!

IN SHORT: 
- For its elgant, modern decor, nice ambience, and especially its good happy hour menu and low price, I like Cantina Laredo's HH, and will go back. Hopefully, its service at the bar will get better. When it does, I'll include it in my list of favorite bars.

Peterskis, Dec 2012
--
The food was OK. It's a bit pricey for the quality. Have you been to a restaurant and already thinking when to come back after you're done eating?  Or the next day you're dreaming about the meal you had?  This is just not the type.  But I might come back someday since I live in Summerlin. Pretty interior and nice location though. This is an amercan-mexican fusion restaurant.
I love Tivoli Village and was looking forward to trying a new happy hour spot.  This restaurant is very attractive and has a nice layout.  My girlfriend and I sat in the bar and started with chips, salsa and what we thought was a complimentary guacamole prepared table side to your liking.  What made us think it was complementary and a feature of the restaurant was that there was a tip jar on the cart and no mention of the $9.95 charge.  We also ordered the $3 ritas, crab cakes, nachos al carbon (beef), and the flautas de pollo.  Nothing extremely amazing about the food but it was good.  We had no problems with service and I think this would be a great spot to catch the game as a they have a couple large screen TVs.  They also took the guac charge off the bill.  I honestly have no problem with charging for it, my problem is not letting us know beforehand.  I mean we go to happy hours for a deal and that $9.95 gauc charge equals three more house ritas!   I'm pretty sure I will be back and look forward to when the weather is nice enough to sit outside.
Yummy food, great beer but the only complaint is that the service was slow but friendly but I think they are still trying to get all the kinks out. I will be going back for sure.
I'm from Texas where we have some of the BEST Tex-Mex restaurants in the USA.   SO, I was skeptical about this place, especially since I have not found a really good Mexican restuarant here in LV.  Well, Cantina Laredo solved that problem because it certainly adds up to the best that Texas has.  The tableside guacamole was absolutely perfect - enchiladas were delicious!!    Their HH has some great prices, and the margs are very good ---- and potent, too!  LOVE IT!!
Had a reservation for Xmas eve for 8 people. I called to confirm the Friday before & the restaurant called me the day of. When we got there they wanted to split the party of 8 onto two tables! The hostess said I'm sorry the tables are bolted down we can't put two together! The place was almost empty and you can't sit my party @ one table? I asked for a manager who was of no help simply stating we have a large table that's just about to get up would you like that? Yes thank you Mr bald headed manager I would like it as I have 8 people I would like to sit at one table. We waited another 10 for the table to clear then get reset. Then we sat and sat waiting I swear another 10 minutes for Caesar our server to greet us. I would have thought Mr Mgr would have been on it offering us an apology or some great service but no. Drinks took forever, screwed up the margarita because we said no salt so it kept getting worse. I ordered the $23 fajitas which came out on a warm cast iron plate on a wood trivet, every body's food was warm not hot. I will give credit to the taste of the food as I did like it, just wished it was hot. The server tried his best but it just didn't work. I wish them luck. Thanks for nothing I won't be back
This is TexMex, not Baja,Sonora, or what is in San Diego. This is Texas style. I'm a California boy and I love this stuff. I love traditional too. It's like that NY pizza vs Chicago pizza argument. You can like them both!  Duuurp!
I've come back a few times and it's always a great experience. Best margaritas and staff.
Great addition to Summerlin! 

Tasty food, friendly staff, awesome ambiance and good happy hour!

I will be back many, many times! 

Best guac everrrr.
Not good at all. Staff were helpful, food was horrible. How can you mess up beans?
We chose to eat a late lunch on a Wednesday around 2:30. The decor is quite modern and wide open. There was a definitely a chill in the air so we ordered coffee. The waitress was very accommodating in regards to inquiries about the menu. Our coffee was lukewarm and it took 25 minutes for our lunch to arrive. The spinach enchiladas were boring and prepared using very small tortillas. The brisket tacos were tough to chew, dry and lacking any distinct flavor. Rice and beans were good and small in portion size. Did I mention the coffee? The waitress never checked to see if we needed a refill. Overall, we were disappointed in the quality of the food, portion size, flavor and service.
I have a new favorite Mexican restaurant.  Well, Tex-Mex.  And I'm thrilled that it's close by in Tivoli Village.

We were here first for a milestone birthday party.  The drinks - Margaritas and Sangria - flowed constantly from pitchers served by the wait staff.  Knowing it was going to be a long night, I gave up the Margarita after downing the first half because it was really strong - and really good! - and I'm the self-designated driver half of our family.  The Sangria was great, too, but a little less potent.

While the food may have not been totally representative of a regular dinner at Laredo, since it was served buffet-style, it was delicious.  There was excellent guacamole on the tables (regularly made table-side to order), and the hot food was changed up a few times during the evening, so I sampled quite a few of their items.  I was impressed by just about everything.

The room the party was held in was in the back of the restaurant and not fully closed-off.  I've been to dinners held at some other restaurants in the area that are in back rooms completely separated from the main space (Roy's, Gordon Biersch), and I might have been in Peoria, since the decor and charm of the restaurant was nonexistent.  At Cantina Laredo, I felt as if we really were in the restaurant.

Service was exceptional.  The waiters assigned to the party were efficient beyond belief, constantly removing plates, refilling drinks, and were also very friendly.

The good service continued when I returned a couple of nights ago with some friends to sample Happy Hour, which runs till 7 p.m.  

We shared a Queso Fundido, a melted cheese platter with chorizo sausage, and it was as good as any I've had in Mexico.  Two friends ordered taco platters, which were three small tacos piled high with fillings.  Along with the drinks and the Queso Fundido appetizer, it made for a woman-sized meal at a very reasonable price.  I ordered the crab cakes because the waitress said they were sauteed rather than fried.  The taste was good, with just a little kick (could have used a bit more), but the texture was totally mush.  I doubt whether I'd order them again.  

My CasaRita, for $5 ($1 extra for the cranberry flavoring), was stronger than I expected at Happy Hour prices, but since I was having only the one drink, it was good.  Very good.  There was a glitch with the two glasses of wine my friend ordered.  Before ordering, she asked the waitress what red wines were included in the $4 HH price, and was told that it was the wines listed for $7.50 on the regular menu.  But when the bill came, her two glasses were $15.  Seems that THAT wine wasn't included, a little fact the waitress neglected to mention.  But the manager adjusted the price, and I hope he offered the waitress a tutorial on HH wine prices.

The atmosphere is modern, with very little to suggest an ethnic restaurant, but I love all the stone and other decor.  This is a place I hope will be around for a long time!
I stumbled onto this restaurant last St. Paddy's day while in Chicago. I was in love! The decor was awesome, the food great, but the margaritas was what won my heart. Housemade margie mix, and no fake stuff.  I love the tableside guac and the chips and salsa are deeee-lish. One of my favorite meals is chips & salsa and margaritas. Be careful, two drinks and you're making new friends. Sit at the bar and talk to Jennifer. She's the best!

I want to come and try brunch!
Service was less than great.  GM Mark not receptive to comments or constructive criticism. To tell you he heard the same thing before but no change made to menu or waitress serving what you ordered correcting the errors in the printed menu is unacceptable.  The ahi tuna taco appetizer was amazing. The tortilla soup was just mediocre. The menu item stating it was chicken stuffed with shrimp and spinach only to be served between two dried out cutlets with a sauce and three shrimp and spinach in between these cutlets does not constitute stuffed by any means.  Go now because if things don't change this place won't make it for too long inSummerlin.
We were excited to try the happy hour menu at this new place in Tivoli Village. That excitement quickly turned into dismay as we experienced the shitty service and crappy food. When we do happy hour, although we prefer sitting at a table, oftentimes we sit at the bar counter if we are concerned about slow service by the waitstaff. Typically, the bartenders do a much better job refilling your water and attending to you than the regular waitstaff. Unfortunately, this was the exception to that rule. Frankly, this was probably some of the worst service we've ever had sitting at the bar. We are very understanding if the bar/restaurant is busy, but this wasn't one of those cases. The bartender asked if we were interested in the happy hour menu and what we wanted to drink. We replied yes and we would start with ice water until we had a chance to peruse the menu. He acknowledged us but then proceeded to take care of other bar customers for the next several minutes before eventually serving us ice water. We got impatient waiting for him to give us a menu so we grabbed a menu that had been placed aside by one of the other customers sitting a few seats away.

We decided to order the Mahi Mahi fish tacos ($13), pork al pastor tacos ($11), ahi tuna tacos ($9) and steak flatbread ($11) and save room for the mango tres leches for dessert. The tacos came in orders of 3. Everything was half-price for happy hour, except for desserts. We were served a complimentary basket of tortilla chips and 2 kinds of salsa, mild and spicy. The chips were unusually thin and the salsas unremarkable. Our order came out pretty quickly, about 10-15 minutes after we ordered. The flatbread was huge. It was not bad but not great and also the best dish by far. The pork al pastor was a distant second and quite disappointing. Instead of pieces of pork sliced off a rotating spit, it consisted of ground pork marinated with Mexican spices but severely lacking in salt. The Mahi Mahi tacos were bland and very skimpy on the fish and drowning in a raw red onion "salsa" which completely drowned out other flavors. The ahi tuna tacos were our least favorite. They were unusually sweet and soggy due to the extremely watery and bland guacamole underneath. On our way to the restroom, we spotted their dessert display tray sitting on a random counter. We were hoping that perhaps dessert would bring some minor redemption, but the mango tres leches did not look legit so we decided to pass.

Now, let's continue talking about the service. After telling our bartender that we only wanted to drink water, he asked if we were sure we didn't want a margarita. I find this second-guessing and upselling tactic incredibly annoying. If I wanted to order an alcoholic drink, then I would've ordered one. To add insult to injury, we had to attempt to get his attention and wave him down numerous times for everything from water refills, getting the check, and even for eating utensils, believe it or not! At least a couple of times, our water glasses were completely empty and ignored even though he was standing directly in front of us after he finished entering orders into the register. Once we finally got our check the bartender actually had the gall to say "Sorry about the poor service tonight. We just got slammed. I hope you understand." Oh, really? Maybe, we're both blind because it certainly didn't appear busy at all. In fact, the place was mostly empty. Listen if you're going to own up to poor service, then don't try to justify it with some BS excuse. Hey Luis, understand this: you are lucky that we still tipped you 10% on the happy hour pricing instead of a big fat goose egg. We usually tip 15% on the regular non-discounted pricing, but this guy didn't even deserve what we gave him.

In summary, inauthentic Mexican food that is gross to subpar even by Americanized standards combined with abysmal service gets Cantina Laredo 1.5 stars. Since my wife rounded up to 2 stars, I'm rounding down to 1. Frankly, we were shocked by how pathetic both the food and service were. We expected that this place would rate at least 3 stars, but I guess you never know for sure until you try. Never again.
I have been to Cantina Laredo a handful of times now, and have yet to have a poor experience. I think my favorite entree is the enchiladas y asada plate. Amazing!

On my last lunch date at Cantina, I was introduced to their apple pie. I was told it smelled like heaven. Now, I have yet to actually smell heaven, but if I could image what heaven might someday smell like, Cantina's apple pie is right up there. It is served on a hot skillet and drenched in brandied butter sauce... to die for! 

I've always had good service and received beverages, food and chip refills in a timely manner. I will absolutely return to Cantina Laredo again soon - especially since there aren't many nice Mexican restaurants in the Summerlin area.
I read something about this place in one the local weekly newspapers and recommended it to some friends who were taking me to a birthday lunch.  The space was well done but like most of these places, the actual food was just okay. 
Of course, being a Mexican restaurant, I was expecting Viva Michoacan  or Lindo Michoacan (ha! I never noticed they had about the same name.)
The food here was okay, but v.small portions and not much to them. And like other reviewers, the server seems to really want us to drink their expensive booze. 
I'm not a drinker so that gets annoying,
Again, this is not a place that I will special effort to go here again.
This our 4th trip. And as always it has been Outstanding !! Amanda has been our   Waitress on two of these visits, and the Service has been second to none. We have had multiple selections from there Menu from the Queso Laredo, Top Shelf Guacamole, Tacos, Asada Steak and let's not forget the Mexican Apple Pie. All of them are to die for. This has become one of most Favorite Restaurant's. KUDOS TO THE WHOLE STAFF!!!!
hands down the best mexican food in las vegas even compared with the high end boys on the strip. service is sporadic but solid. great people and great food = great restaurant imho
The food wasn't really authentic mexican. I didn't try the table side guacamole because it was extra, but I''m guessing it was probably better then the one that is cheaper. Worst guacamole ever, was it even real? Ceviche tasted like it was marinated with tabasco. Mahi Mahi tacos were okay, I've had better. The shrimp enchilada's hardly had any shrimp or anything inside of them but they were drenched in sour cream, yum. I mean if you are into that kind of fake mexican food you should be okay, but in all honesty you should really just go to cafe rio instead. However, the waitress was very sweet.
Awesome place. The food is delicious. The customer service is perfect. The manager Mark always makes sure that his customers are happy and taken care of.  I recommend this place to everyone because I am so impressed with the experience.
Finally a Mexican food place here. Everyone in our group loved their food. Normally we share, I didn't want to give up mine nor anyone else. I got the chicken enchiladas, pomegranate margarita, guacamole, brownie and apple pie. Besides the terrific food, the waiter really deserves prompts for giving unexpectedly over the top service.
Great place ! Can't wait to go for happy hour!
I am torn on this review....   Met some friends in here for dinner.  We love Tivoli and frequent many of the places here, although they are turning over quite quick these days.  I sat at the bar and had a cocktail.  Service was impeccable and  the chips and salsa were served quickly and were YUMMO!  Friends joined me at the bar and we tasted some tequilas before settling into our table in the dinning room.  That is where things went down hill.

I would say at least 10 minutes passed before anyone stopped by our table.  He then said he was slammed and would be by shortly.  He stopped by again about 5 minutes later with waters and swooped away again.  Finally came and got our order, it was pretty simple, ceviche appetizer, combo fajitas and a salad to share between the three of us as entrees.  I also ordered a drink at this time.  Well food came out all together (not as requested) my drink also didn't show up yet....  He ran off to get the drink.  We realized we didn't get our tortillas for our fajitas, and we also needed chips for our ceviche.  It was just a disaster.  Then with a table full of dirty dishes he brings the desert tray over, REALLY??  I am sitting in garbage, could you clean it up PLEASE!  
The food was amazing!!  I can't say that enough, but I would never eat in the dinning room here again.  I would stick to the bar.  Bartenders were awesome!!!
Went to this place last night with a party of 7. Told the waitress at the very beginning that we would need separate checks. Food very average I thought. Service was not good at all. One person had to send his carnitas tacos back two times and decided he had lost his appetite. After asking for our check so we could leave, it took 45 minutes to get our checks which two were not correct. When we received our checks, they had the nerve to automatically add 20% tip. This waitress did NOT deserve a 20% tip. I have never seen anything more than 18% added and I think that is very high as well. It is not required by law to leave any certain amount of a tip so how is it that they can get away with adding an automatic 20%. Very disappointing and I will never go back. Food = not good. Service = terrible. Automatic 20% to someone who didn't deserve it = BULLSHIT!
I've been here three times, so I obviously like it, though not without complaint.  I think the food is really good, and the drinks are great but very pricey for off the Strip.  The restaurant is beautiful, and I'm looking forward to warm weather when the patio with bar seating is open.  There's something for everyone on the menu, and everyone enjoyed their food every time I've been.  Service has been an issue, and you get the sense that the young ladies out front are more about eye candy than knowing how to seat guests.  You can find both in this town, CL, so keep looking.  My biggest complaint with CL, like many places off the Strip, is that guests should be greeted by a server within five minutes of being seated.  If you're not able to do that, you're not really ready to seat them.  I hope CL works out it's server issues because I want them to hang around.  If they don't, they won't, and that would be a shame--it's a cool place.
This is really a 3.5 star rating but I bumped it to 4 stars because the salsa they give you when you first sit down (complimentary) was really good!!! There's two kinds: One is more spicier than the other and has a kick of spice to it. The other...pretty mild and it taste like a bean dip (taste better than it sounds...trust me lol)

Now onto the food: I really like the portions...its smaller than most "authentic mexican" restaurant dishes. Some of you might not like this but I do cuz I'm weight conscious. lol I get paranoid if I feel like I'm eating a bunch of food. But lets not get sidetrack. =) My boyfriend ordered a chicken enchilada and I also order a chicken enchilada with a sweet sauce on top of it. My boyfriend and I both thought it was eh...just okay. The rice didn't taste so good. To me, it was kind of bland. I had to drench that in salsa. Prices I think came out to be around $12-16 per dish. Obviously more expensive if you were going order any type of seafood entree.

Would I come back here? Probably not. I'm not a drinker so I didn't try any drinks but maybe this place would've been better for those who like to drink and such. This would be a good little spot to grab a drink, eat some ceviches, or have some complimentary salsa and chips.
I went here for lunch on a work day.  I met my parents who brought my toddler so we could all eat together.

The waitress was friendly and patient with my toddler.  She brought out a sample of a sauce when my mother worried about it being too spicy.  We were in and out and I was back at work on time. 

Now to the food.  I ordered enchiladas with avocado and artichokes.  My mother ordered cheese and onion enchiladas.  My father ordered chicken enchiladas.  All were delicious.  I especially loved my avocado and artichoke enchiladas.  They were fresh and tasty and I didn't leave with a heavy-feeling stomach.  The cheese enchiladas were also very good.  The black beans were very bland but the rice was delicious.

I would happily go back to this restaurant.
I was craving one of their margarita's after I tried their Jalapeno margarita at a Yelp elite event! Unfortunately I didn't see it on the menu so I tried the Mango Margarita.  I also loved this drink I could have easily ordered another one but I practiced self control! I hope one day that they will add the Jalapeno Margarita to their list.

We started off with the table side guacamole which was awesome! They always make it look so easy compared to when I try to make it at home. It was worth the extra $8.95 because it was so delicious!

I ordered a not so Mexican dish but I was craving it so I was like, "Why not"? The Cascabel Rib eye ($24.95) is a cowboy cut bone in rib eye. It is aged for 21 days then basted with Cascabel marinade. It was so good and so tender ! This is a great price compared to some places I ate steak or rib eye at! The side potatoes that it came with was meh .... I personally think they should replace them with mashed potatoes. You can't go wrong with rib eye and mashed potatoes! 

We ordered two desserts to share for the table. We had the sizzling Mexican Apple Pie. It is sizzled in Mexican brandy butter and topped with either Cinnamon ice cream or vanilla. I chose the Cinnamon ice cream it went together beautifully! We also had the Mexican Brownie which also was sizzled in Mexican brandy butter which was topped with vanilla ice cream. That was also tasty. If you come here you should try at least one dessert !

The service was awesome and attentive! We always had refills on our chips and drinks! I can't wait to go back!
Service south of the border.
We have been strong supporters for Cantina Laredo, referring all our friends to try it out. Service has always been very good. Until tonight. We arrived, sat at the Bar and asked what the Happy Hour specials were. After being told that the Merlot and Cab were $4.00 I ordered the Merlot.  We relocated to a table across from the Bar so another couple who we invited could join us..  We asked the server before ordering anything if she would split the check because we were ordering dinner and our friends were just having Apps and drinks.  We were told no problem. So far so good. We then got a different server who had a attitude and was not a people person.  Drinks took excessively a long time to get. I ordered Fortaleza Blanco tequila, Neat. The server forgot what i asked for so i repeated what i wanted and he repeated what i requested, then he was going to give me the wrong tequila that I ordered even after repeating my request for what I asked for.
The check came and we were charged $9.50 for glasses of wine instead of the $4.00 happy hour charge, When the bill came, it was bundled together instead of split and the server got a new attitude when I told him I had asked the 1st server to split the check.  Our friends were very upset and vowed to never return. Not a happy camper. Vegas has 1000's of places to dine and if customers are treated properly resturants go as fast as they come. I hope Cantina Laredo improves.
I wouldn't come back.
 It wasn't completely horrible, but I won't be back.

The guacamole is excellent. The margaritas were very good. The problem was the entrées.  Tampico which was highly recommended,  was mediocre and lacked flavor. As did the chicken enchiladas and the mahi tacos. Very bland. Coffee was TERRIBLE. The apple pie dessert is great. The waiter was helpful and attentive.
 
So that's the problem. Apps and desert are wonderful. The entrees are boring and very expensive for Mexican. 

But then again what did Burt expect from a Mexican food chain located in an Italian themed mall in Las Vegas?
Been here twice-- First time was okay and second time was a disaster. Service was horrible and the food was terrible. How do you screw up a salad?? Will not be returning to this place.
Disappointed with the service and the time it took to be served. Food was mediocre, lacked flavor and a bit dry...(chicken quesadilla, mahi-mahi tacos, fajitas). I prefer authentic mexican food...Leticia's in NorthWest. 
I expected more from Laredo Cantina...we weren't greeted with a smile, the server didn't refill our drinks, we had to wave him down a few times. The prices were decent however the portions were very small. I highly recommend for you to go elsewhere. Cafe Rio or Leticia's...Oooh Yeah!
Dined here yesterday for lunch/happy hour. 

While the server was friendly, the bar was understaffed which amounted to horrendous service. We were not in a rush, but it took nearly two hours to complete our experience. We had two drinks each, guacamole, one appetizer each, and the apple pie dessert. It was entirely unreasonable for everything to take so long. If you are advertising a happy hour, you should expect a crowd and staff your restaurant accordingly.

The food was, in averaging everything, acceptable. Guacamole was terrible. Flatbread was good. Apple pie dessert was excellent. I would have returned to try other items if not for the rest of my experience.

After several hours, I came down with food poisoning. While I dine out often, this was only the second time in my life that I have had food poisoning. I am sorely disappointed in this restaurant, will not be returning, and will be sure to warn others not to dine here.
Since my last review we have been back to see if service improved. I am pleased to say we had a great time and look forward to many more good times at Cantina Laredo
5-Star rating to Eric H. for the excellent service! However! We had a reservation at 6:30p and only got seated at 7:20p! Good thing Eric H. made up for the service & the food is divine! Therefore, I'll rate Cantina Laredo a 4-star overall! Thanks Eric H!
I had been dying to come back to Cantina Laredo after the outstanding Yelp Gold Elite dinner I attended a little over a month ago.  The plan was to pick up my wife after she got out of work and I went over to Misti's CMYE at La Belle Terre in the meantime.  Unfortunately (or fortunately?) the treats they offered were really, really good and I couldn't bear to eat...just ...one.  

So I wasn't that hungry when we rolled in here.  We split an appetizer and entree.  But it looked like happy hour was truly where it was at with half price margaritas, $3 beer and half off the bar menu.  They run that from 4pm-7pm and after 9pm.  Ofcourse we're there at 7:30pm.  We made sure to order things that weren't discounted during happy hour.

Appetizer: My wife's only request is that she wanted something with cheese.  What?  At a Mexican restaurant???  Are you sure???  It didn't get much cheesier than the "Laredo Fundido" which was a huge bowl of cheese sauce with taco meat in it.  This would be excellent to share with a group.   I would've preferred the tableside guacamole.  A lot of tables ordered it and that looked great.

Entree: The "Enchilada Mole" was pretty good.  Mole isn't something I want to have most of the time but it sounded great and it delivered.  The sauce had good flavor and tasted like only mole could.

I'll definitely be back for some of the more exciting dishes when I have more of an appetite.  The outdoor area will be great when it gets warmer too.
First time here and as you can imagine, it was busy on a Friday night. Luckily we made a reservation and were seated pretty quickly. Their complimentary chips and salsa are excellent. They offer two types of salsa - one cold and one warm. 

We ordered the guacamole, which they make tableside. It was good, but the onion was chunky and too strong for my taste. You can customize it, so I'll definitely ask them to leave it out next time. We also got the ahi tacos - yum!

I'm trying to be "healthy" so I ordered the shrimp salad, which was okay. My husband got the shrimp enchiladas. I had a bite and wished I ordered that instead, it was awesome!

Service was good. Would return...maybe on a night when I can cheat from my diet, lol.
I had this place bookmarked to try so when I saw they were participating in "Restaurant Week" I figured this was as good of a time as any to give it a shot. As I approached our table and saw an avocado and lime waiting at the table I could have sworn they new me well and it was there just for moi! Of course they were on every table but an avocado lover like myself could at least dream of something so simple yet sweet! Chips and 2 kinds of salsas were brought to the table. One I didn't care much for but the other I couldn't get enough of. It had such a freshly made flavor and just the right amount of kick in it. The chips were really good. Included in our RW meal was a "Casa Rita" which it isn't for the weak and the freshly squeezed lime juice added just the right touch. For starters we had "Chile Con Queso" and Flautas De Pollo". I have to say the con queso was disappointing. I didn't think it tasted terrible but it did remind me of velveeta cheese. I personally wouldn't order the con queso again. The flautas were good with a tex-mex vibe. I am used to my flautas being made with flour tortillas so it was different to try them made with corn tortillas instead. For my main meal I had the "Tacos De Carnitas". I loved it! The pork had such a beautiful flavor. I would for sure order the tacos again. It came with beans and rice. The rice was cooked just right and the beans were beyond flavorful. as if I weren't full enough the meal was topped off with "Churros" for dessert. It was chewy and sweet. The grand marnier cajeta dipping sauce paired nice with the churros! I enjoyed my meal as well did the other people in my party. 

The service was great and it was clean inside. I saw people in jogging pants and sports bras so I guess there isn't as much of a dress code as I thought. I noticed seating outside that would be great for taco grubbing and rita guzzling should mother nature be so kind to allow it. Our server said they have happy hour Monday-Friday from 4 pm-7 pm and ladies night on Thursday where ladies get 1/2 off margaritas. They gave me a flyer for their e-club with the bill. It says they offer monthly deals and promotions.
Incredible enchiladas, Enjoy, a lot of food for a great price!
I was taken to Cantina Laredo for a birthday lunch and was lucky enough to take advantage of a tremendous Restaurant Week special!  The food was very fresh and very flavorful and had complex flavor profile!  The margaritas were great as is the patio and cool modern decor!  I loved it overall and will be back very soon!
Always came here for lunch and never left disappointed, last time I went it was  for dinner by myself and sat at the bar, I was quickly greeted with their house chips and salsa, atmosphere was kinda non existent (maybe bc I came to have dinner at a Mexican restaurant on St Patrick's day) nonetheless my food was tasty (I had the Tampico chicken... stay away from this dish if you're lactose intolerant though lol). Service was okay but my food came out super fast.
My lunch here was good.  I liked the table side guacamole and was glad they offered to bring additional spicy flavorings on the side so that the guacamole could be shared easily.  My pork tacos were tender and good, though nothing too exceptional.  The dessert tray with fake ice cream was a little creepy.
Such a great spot! I've been here several times and am never disappointed. Today I was there with a group of six for a business meeting and the food was wonderful. We ordered the cevichi and guacamole to share both were great. This was my first time having either one and they will now become a staple. The guacamole is made to order and ours had a wonderful kick to it. The chips are warm from the oven and the two salsas they serve with them are wonderful, I particularly like the warm one. I shared with my co-worker so I got a barbacoa (brisket) taco and an al pastor taco. While both were good the al pastor did not have the kick I require in al pastor; the barbacoa on the other hand was spectacular and i will be ordering it again next time I go. Several of the ladies I had lunch with enjoyed the salmon which was the fish of the day and all three said they would order it again. The service was good not great my water ran dry a few times but overall our waitress Amanda was very respectful of the fact that we were in fact having a meeting and was careful not to interrupt.
Slow service, guac made at your table that tastes like plastic and so so food.  We gave it a couple of tries but won't be back.
Good food, and good, but pricey drinks in a very nice atmosphere with attentive service. The guacamole was yummy.
Dude, the Mexican Apple Pie...  Holy crap...  they get 5 stars just for that.
I came her last weekend with two other guests. I'm basing my rating on the average of our three scores...
We all really wanted to like this place.  It started off great!  The chips and salsa they bring to the table are delicious and addicting.  I was excited to order the fresh guacamole but then it started going downhill.  I only had one bite of the guacamole - I thought it tasted nasty.  One of my guests had only one bite while the other guests took out the grilled jalepenos that were mixed in it and found it to be "ok". On to entrees....one guest ordered a chicken burrito that was "ok"- It was swimming in this creme sauce that he tried taking off.  The waitress kept stressing that she recommended the tacos - I should've listened to her!  My other guest ordered tacos and they looked nice and fresh. I ordered off the brunch menu and got the omelet with potatoes and these cinnamon fried bananas.  The bananas were good but the omelet was dripping with oil!  And the potatoes had a REALLY WEIRD taste to them - they were uneatable!  Ewwwww.  I mentioned this to the waitress with the suggestion that the chef taste the batch being served (I didn't want anyone getting sick from them) and she just smiled and said ok.  Once we asked for our check it took 20 minutes to get it... They weren't busy.  Maybe understaffed?  I paid the check and I have no plans of returning.  I can get way better food thats edible at the Suncoast cafe across the street- and still have money left to play wheel of fortune! My other guest said they would never return again either, while the other said he would just come for a drink and a taco appetizer.  Bummer.....
I've been here 3 times now, once for lunch, twice for dinner.  I like patio seating, I live in Vegas afterall and we have one week of Spring and one week of Fall, so I truly take advantage!!  The patio here is nice - it's comfortable, it's great for people watching.  The big patio to the side was booked for a private party, so we weren't able to sit there when I was there last.  The atmosphere is very comfortable, little noisy, but nothing unusual.    

I love Mexican food, I love chips n salsa and this is where my first disappointment lies. The salsa is fine (noteworthy would be a stretch, but it does taste fresh), but the chips are these thin tasteless corn things with no zing, there's nothing to love about them, at all!  Try the chips and salsa from Leticia's and you'll know what I mean by great chips! 

The guac made fresh and tableside is pretty great - it tastes awesome and is all that great guac is supposed to be!  I've had the chicken salad, carnitas tacos, shrimp tacos, and mahi tacos (LOVE tacos too!) and fajitas here.  All very average. They do let you mix your tacos - three per plate and you can try a variety if that's your thing.  The carnitas tacos were the best of the three, but not a WOW kind of taco. They are smaller, street taco size, just like we had back in Ensenada, but not as memorable.  My husband had the enchiladas and said they were "yea, they were good", but again, nothing great. 

They do have a happy hour here - its in the bar area only and does include food although I wouldn't say it's any kind of a smokin' deal that would bring me in.  The drinks . . . . maybe, but not the food.  

I didn't have one, but the woman next to me raved about their Casa Rita margarita which is their house margarita.  I'm not a margarita gal, but if you are, try it out!!
As a continuation of a Saturday afternoon drink/food fest, we decided to drive a quick 5 minutes away and visit Cantina Laredo in Tivoli Village.  To our surprise, they had a happy hour going on.  Please be advised that it is only in the bar.

For the happy hour, the margaritas were half off and so were the beers.  I just got a Pacifico but it was cheap!  Our tables decided to get a bunch of different appetizers.  Oh, I almost forgot!  If you check in on Foursquare (after checking into Yelp of course!), your table will get a free queso!

What I really love is the unlimited chips and salsa that the staff brings to your table.  I was very appreciative of that.  The chili con queso (usually $7.85) was a little runny but the flavor was awesome!  It came in a soup bowl and fed us for a long time!  Try taking the tortilla chips and dipping it into that.  It's total bomb diggity :)  Our table also got a few chicken and pork tacos, as well as chicken fajitas nachos al carbon for $10.  It was a full plate of the chicken, melted cheese peppers and goodness!  The chicken tacos or Taco De Pollo for $9.45 was Fajita chicken with avocado, pico de gallo, queso fresco and poblano drizzle.  It was packed with a lot of flavor!  Avocado is creamy and chunky and the pico de gallo offers a light taste with fresh ingredients.  The Tacos De Carnitas for $10.05 includes Slow-roasted pork with chipotle wine sauce.  I love slow roasted shredded pork.  So much flavor.  So much juice.  On point!

All in all, this place was a great time!  Since the outside area is so inviting and close to the bar, I would maybe suggest to extend the happy hour to that area.  That would make this place perfect!  No matter, I will be back!
We love Tivoli Village and are always looking for somewhere new to go. First time we ate there it was nothing short of delicious!! Service was friendly and helpful with out being pushy or intrusive. They told us about happy so we came back. They have an early happy hour as well as a late night. Even on FRIDAYS!!! So good and what a great deal. It's only in the bar but always great service. So much so we frequent there quite often. Oh did I forget to mention the do a great brunch with a free bloodymary or mimosa!! I'm jus say'n you gotta go.....
This place was a nice departure from the typical Mexican restaurant. A little more upscale and modern. Very fresh and delicious food!  The complimentary chips and salsa were so good. Not greasy or heavy like a lot of other Mexican restaurants. Shrimp enchiladas were very flavorful and the table side guacamole and dessert options were a fun touch. Definitely would go back again and again!
Happy Hour is a great way to try a variety of appetizers. My husband and I did not expect the large portions of high quality Mexican fair. We had planned to sit at the bar first for a sampling of food and drink but ended up quite full after just 2 apptzrs each. I was very impressed with taste, portions, presentation and creative twists on traditional Mexican food. I was pleased that they allow you to mix it up on the taco plate that comes with three tacos; For example you may choose chicken, carne asada, and carnitis-my favorite. Enjoy!
I should know better than to go out for upscale Mexican. That's like going out for fancy Chinese food -- 99% of the time it leads to nothing but utter disappointment. Cantina Laredo was no exception. It's a great looking spot in Tivoli Village with a cozy patio, but the service and food were a letdown.

I heard guacamole is made tableside. Except maybe if you're dining on the patio? Our order was hastily dropped off by another server/food runner. It wasn't bad and was a large enough portion to feed four. Tuna tacos were ok, but surprisingly bland, minus the guac and red onions. The casarita margarita tasted watered down and wasn't nearly as strong as it should have been. My wife's salad suffered from mushy mangos and soggy greens. But at least the shrimp was good.

I was happy to hear that I could mix and match a taco platter. Unfortunately, these tacos made me crave one found at much cheaper taquerias (Tacos el Gordo anyone?). The barbacoa was my favorite with it's smokey flavor. The carnitas wasn't any better than what I can make at home and the al pastor was average. They would have been good coming from a home cook, but from an upscale restaurant... I expected more.

Our server may have been busy, but slow service is slow service. We didn't get napkins and silverware until after our appetizers showed up -- and we had to ask for them. No offers to refill our drinks until after we were done eating. Our server vanished after we got our food and didn't show up until fifteen minutes after we were done eating. There may or may not have been a good reason for the poor service, but it was bad enough to create a negative dining experience and forced me to do something I haven't done in a couple years... give less than a twenty percent tip. And, ultimately it means there's zero chance of me returning.
"The guac is fantastic, loved my entire meal. Totally enjoyed the outside dining. The service was great.  Will definitely be back!"
I sat at the bar tonight. The bartenders are super attentive and quick to offer a drink and food menu.  

The chips are served warm which I love. The bartender recommended 3 tacos. ( steak, chicken and pastor) I ate the steak.... But the other 2sat with one bite out. Way to BBQ!!!!! Ended up not eating. for a mexican restaurant the tacos tasted very americanized.  

For a drink I went with the recommendation of a strawberry mojito. Gross !!!!!!!! Bar bistro has the best in town.  

after the bartender saw that i ate only one taco, she quickly took the plate and tried to just drop the check.... really????? 

i doubt i will return. they are quick to sell and be friendly and then just act rude.
Can't say I go out for "upscale" Mexican food often, but when I was sitting outdoor at Poppy Den, I saw Cantina Laredo's outdoor dining space and thought it would be a great place for a few drinks oh and some food too.   Anyway, came here with my husband and two dogs just before noon on a Monday.  I walked into the restaurant to ask for a table outside, but was shocked when the restaurant was completely empty, I thought it was still closed, but it wasn't. The host showed me a table outside, but we requested to be near railing to tie up the dogs and he happily let us to choose it. No bowl of water for the dogs, but that is ok...we had one.

We ordered a few glasses of wine which averaged $9/glass from a list of 12  wines..all decent and familiar.  The pour was atleast 6 oz., which is generous these days. Then I ordered the two appetizers for my lunch because they had the fewest carbs...ceviche and tuna mini tacos. My husband got one of the enchiladas entrees.   The ceviche was decent and fresh, but probably a bit salty for most people...I liked it, especially paired with my glass of Brut.  The tuna in my tacos was unexpectedly sweet, but with a little salsa and habanero sauce (we requested)...it tasted really good.  However, limiting my sugar and starch intake, my husband finished it off. He said his enchilada was solidly good, but said I make better enchiladas at home.  I did train him well.  

So why 4 stars?  Love dog friendly places, the price to portion to quality ratio was all good, and service was quick and attentive, but that could be because there were only 6 people in the entire restaurant. 

Let's see if the next time I come here my experience is just as good.
This review is for the Happy Hour only.  Server and bartender seemed overwhelmed and unprepared for how busy it was.  HH special "CasaRita" took forever to arrive and was the worst margarita I've ever had :( -- so salty as to be undrinkable and no discernible tequila.  HH tacos were good but we were charged full price so more time wasted sending the bill back for corrections.  
Maybe try this place when it is *not* Happy Hour???
Our meals were OK and service started out well and then went downhill.  I should have paid more attention to the reviews of my two friends on Yelp.  Live and learn.

We were here about 4:15 yesterday afternoon and there were very few people there.  We were seated immediately and brought menus and drinks.  The chips and salsas were brought and our server explained that the warm salsa was spicy and the cold salsa was not spicy.  The chips and spicy salsa were good.  The chips are very thin and I found I broke several in half dipping them in the salsa.

For our dinners, I ordered the Tacos al Pastor.  Here's the description from their menu:  Spicy pork with pineapple, pico de gallo and cilantro.  My wife ordered the Tampico which is described as: Grilled chicken breast topped with sautéed artichoke hearts, mushrooms, spinach, red bell peppers with sour cream-poblano sauce and monterey jack cheese.

My tacos were just OK.  The biggest problem with them was there was only one taco.  When I get tacos like this at genuine Mexican places, they're always doubled so there's some body to help hold the filling.  With my tacos and the single shell, the pico was wet enough that it softened the taco and made it almost impossible to pick up to eat.  I did eat the first one that way but I was awash in juice.  The pork was OK, but the spice was a heavy coating on the pork.  It was spicy but other than that, there wasn't a whole lot to recommend the tacos.  I also thought of the al pastors I've gotten from street vendors on East Charleston for a fraction of the cost I paid.  Stupid me!  With my tacos came rice and black beans.  My wife liked her chicken and it was as described.  It's the kind of dish you might get at any Tex/Mex kind of restaurant.

Dessert was the star of the night.  I got the très leches cake and she got the Mexican brownie.  My cake was excellent.  Her brownie came with a bit of table side ta da!
The brownie was placed on a very hot cast iron dish safely in a recessed wooden holder.  Then the vanilla ice cream was put on top of the brownie.  LAst, the sauce was poured over the ice cream and when the sauce hit the hot dish, it bubbled and made a kind of extra buttery syrup that added to the flavor of the brownie and ice cream.  

Now to service:  Up until the time we got our meals, everything was going along fine.  Then our server disappeared.  She came back once and asked about the food and then was gone again.  10 minutes after we finished our dishes, she was nowhere to be found.  The host looked at us several times and it seemed as though he was going to get her at one point but that was not the case.  Finally she showed and we asked about a box and asked about dessert.  She said she'd get the dessert tray and be back.

Again she was just gone.  About 5 minutes later, another server stopped and asked if we wanted a box.  We told him we'd already asked for one and then he brought his tray down to show us the desserts. We made our choice with him.  A few minutes later, our server and this second person arrived with the desserts.  She stood by as he did the table ta da for the brownie.  Then she left again.  About 6 minutes later, she came back with the check and just put it down.  

When I finished dessert and we had some time to relax and talk, I got my credit card out and put it in the holder and within 10 seconds, she was there to pick it up.  Wow, Speedy Gonzales then but not at the needed times.  

I really like Tivoli Village and there are some other restaurants there that I have yet to try.  But, Cantina Laredo won't be one of them.  We have so many small places along East Charleston that there's no reason to ever go here again.
I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner and I think it's great. 

For the dinner service we make online reservations ahead which turned out to be awesome. The non-reservations people that walked in ahead of us waited nearly 30 minutes for a table on a busy Friday night. Suckers. Anyway, the tableside guacamole was really good, the margaritas were good, and the enchiladas were tasty. I like that there are vegetarian options for the enchiladas that don't just include cheese, sauce and tortilla. 

When we went for lunch the food was just as great, but the service was a bit slower. Some diners got really fast service and were in and out, others (like us) had to wait a little longer at each step of the process making a working day lunch a bit too long. 

Other than the slower lunch service, I'd recommend this as a solid Mexican food option in this city.
Looking for some yummy Mexican-ish type food? Look here!

Cantina Laredo is a newer restaurant located in Tivoli Village, right next to the colorful trees. Its a very nice and open location, and the seating is not tight and uncomfortable. Upon entering you will see a bar area to the left, an outdoor area to the far left, and to the right more seating inside with the cool AC running. There is also more seating available on the patio, but we opted for the cool indoor seating. 

Then menu is simple, the front is the Entrees and food, the back has all the drinks they offer. This visit we all got a mojito, the waiter suggested adding peach to make it more delicious, and boy he was spot on with that! We chose the "Cantina roll" and the table side guacamole as our apps, they also provide you with chips and 2 different types of salsas. I liked both, one was a little spicier than the other so it was nice to have variety. Soon our lady came to us with her cart to make the table side guac, what I liked most is that you have a choice of peppers, the hot Serrano, spicy jalapeno, or the roasted jalapeno. I really wanted Serrano, but we went with the jalapeno. You can also choose what other ingredients you would like added, the standard tomatoes, red onions, cilantro, and of course lime and other spices. She pitted 2 large avocados and went to work making the guac. She was very good at making it, although I would've like it a little creamier, she had big chunks of avocado in there, luckily they were ripe and soft so it was ok. My friend liked it so much so he ordered a 2nd order when dinner arrived. 

For our entrees we all ordered enchiladas, my "mother" opted for the enchiladas de espinaca aka spinach enchiladas. They consisted of Sautéed spinach, Monterey jack cheese and mushrooms topped with sour cream poblano sauce. Her husband went with the Enchiladas Veracruz which were made of chicken, spinach and monterey jack topped with tomatillo sauce, marinated vegetables, and queso fresco. I went for the Enchiladas de Camarones aka shrimp enchiladas, these were made with Shrimp, Monterey jack cheese and roasted peppers on vegetables topped with sour cream poblano sauce. All entrees include 2 enchis and rice, some cilantro some Spanish, and black beans. My enchiladas were super amazing, and coming from a Mexican girl that should mean something! My friends also agreed! Their entrees were gone is less than 10 minutes! As well as their yummy mojitos! If you've ever dined with me, I am definitely the slowest eater ever, BEWARE!

The nice server came back to our table and asked if we were ready for dessert, of course Santiago said yes so he brought out an actual plated selection of what was available. We chose the mango tres leches and the Mexican brownie. The Brownie consisted of a large brownie with pecans and walnuts served on a sizzling skillet with Mexican Brandy Butter and vanilla or cinnamon ice cream. The mango tres leches were a creamy vanilla cake with fresh mango as well as mango cream sauce. THEY WERE AMAZING! My favorite was the mango tres leches, mainly bc it was sooooo light and tasted amazing with the mangos! By the end of all of this, we were totally full!

The service at Cantina Laredo is impeccable and the quality and quantity of food is just right for the price, its more gourmet and you can tell they put love and time into every dish they make. We will definitley be back for happy hour, where they have specials on apps and drinks!
The atmosphere is nice, beautiful restaurant and great outdoor place. Service?The server was nice, recommended the house specialty margarita: not so great.  It took a while before he came back to take our order. It took even a lot longer to get the check in the end. We ordered the quesadilla as a starter-it was weird...tasted like they used too much and too "fake" cheese...Than we had a combination fajita-the portion was big, but no flavor-we also got 3 pieces of tortillas with it. I did not like the desert- too "eggy"- we ordered the flan. Overall...unfortunate that such a beautiful location does not offer better food....and the service is just mediocre,not sure I will go back.
We went here about a week ago. It was a nice atmosphere with decent decor, friendly service and seemingly fair prices given the location inside the upscale Tivoli Village. Both the inside and outside seating areas looked nice, well-lit with good ambiance. We opted to sit outside... which was a mistake. It reeked of smoke coming from the cigar shop next door. No matter, two drinks (each) later and we didn't care so much. The guacamole was very good and that's about it. We ordered chorizo tacos, chicken enchiladas, and vegetarian enchiladas. All three dishes were extremely greasy. Like, grease with a side of food greasy. The enchiladas looked like something from a gas station. The chicken dish tasted fine but the vegetarian dish was not good at all. I did not try the tacos because I personally do not like chorizo, although the person who ordered them did enjoy them. The vegetarian in our group did not finish their food but both of us carnivores did. This, again, was a mistake. I'll spare you the details but thanks to all that grease and possibly in part to the cigar smoke, we both were very sick the entire next day. At first I thought I had a fever but it was very clearly food-related. Yuck.
The food is great.  The best salsa I've had, but they must be rationing it.  The service sucks.  I've been here 6 to 8 times. The service has sucked every time. I'm done with this place.
Ordered a very basic Tex Mex entree, cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. It came out overflowing with way too much chili con carne sauce which overpowered the dish. It was flavorless, lacked imagination and looked like a plate of Alpo. I tried to find the manager to express my disappointment but gave up after 10 minutes of looking for the person. The tableside guacamole was not as disappointing but did lack flavor and salt and it wasn't blended properly. Whoever is in charge down there needs to end the moratorium on the use of salt at the restaurant, go visit San Antonio for a refresher on Tex Mex cuisine and retrain the cooking staff on the subtlety of chili con carne. Bottom line...they served me a dog's dinner.
Their happy hour food is great.  I love the pastor tacos are great and they can make a great lemon drop.   I do not care so much for their house margarita so I wish they could change that up a bit.
Very impressed with this place.  Not even accounting for their KILLER HAPPY HOUR, the menu is amazing.  No compromises from authentic Mexican, the menu is familiar items with unique twists and high quality ingredients that make it hard to ever go back to "just another Mexican restaurant".  Try the fajitas and the slow cooked carnitas.
The food is good, and the so is the service.  The bartenders are excellent, both in making drinks and small-talk while you hang out.  It's one of my favorite spots for lunch - alone at the bar or business meetings at the table.  

Prices are reasonable and the food is tasty.
Cantina Laredo has been open in our neighborhood for some time now.  My husband and I finally had some free time to dine there.  Reception was fine, waitress came and offer drinks - that was fine.  Everything seems normal.  Nothing superb.  
We each ordered a Margarita, then our entrees.  The waitress came by a few times to see if every thing is alright while we were eating our dinner. Then, the waitress just came and slapped down our check without us asking for it, and also without her first asking whether we wanted dessert.   
Meanwhile, a special Tequila dinner announcement was enclosed with our check (which we did not asked for).  The food looked interesting and I asked this waitress whether we can have the dinner without Tequila.  Guess what she said? - ?."You don't have to come!"
We were completely stunned at this point having been very nice and cordial to her through the whole time we were there.
We will give the food 3 stars, but the attitude 0 star because she was too mean for us to imagine the management philosophy behind her actions.
Their  Happy Hour is great.  My husband and I really enjoyed ourselves here.  The specials are pretty decent.  We had the ceviche for a snack and it was delicious as well as half off the regular price.  We will be back.  The bartenders and waiters were very friendly and attentive.  Not really fond of the modern decor, but that's just my taste.  Very glad to find a new Happy Hour place that I feel comfortable in.....
Food is good here.  Service is good as well.  Nothing great or special, nothing bad. Fairly average Mexican joint.
I wish I could give more stars because the food was certainly worth it.....but the restaurant staff just wasn't friendly.
walked in Sunday afternoon....it wasn't very busy at all. I greeted the hostess she hardly even acknowledged I spoke to her let alone I had two people with me.
we were promptly sat but had to wait a while for someone to even come over to us. We were first given the chips and salsa (delish) but no water or beverage....i hate eating salsa without water...what if the salsa is too spicy???
We waited about 5 more minutes before Ramon (our waiter) came over to us...thank GOD he had a personality. we ordered Queso Laredo and table side guacamole...the lady who came over to make our guac had zero personality....I tried to joke with her and talk with her and ...nothing! She did make good guacamole!! Our queso cam out and it was good as well....how can you go wrong with CHEESE!!
We ordered our entrees....I was happy to see they had a brunch menu...it includes a mimosa or bloody maria (I wish it would include a margarita....that's what we were drinking)
I had the Migas con huevos (a scrambled egg dish that had jalapenos, bacon, and tortillas in it) I added cheese to it (doesn't all mexican food need cheese) and the added 1.45 to the bill....really I wasn't spending enough money???
My husband had the salmon we said it was very good...it came with some sort of rice and myf riend had the ensalada de cilantro pollo...it was a beautiful looking and large salad...she said it was good as well.
Margaritas!!! (the whole reason i wanted to go) we ordered skinny margaritas and had them add jalapeno for a little spice....they were very good...in a tall and skinny glass....we only had one each (not sure if I was too full from the food).
The food is very good...Ramon was a good waiter....the restaurant needs a more fun vibe....I will go back I love the location and like I said food was great!
Came here for date night. We had a great time!  I think our server's name is Miguel. He was really nice and friendly. He seems to love working there and said the company transferred him from their location in Dallas, I believe. Anyway, it always makes dinner extra nice when you are served by someone who is happy to be there.  The margaritas were delicious, and so was the guacamole that Miguel prepared for us tableside.  Crab cakes had a nice kick to them and fajitas were good too.  But the best part of our meal was the apple pie served on a sizzling hot plate with cinnamon ice cream and a delicious sauce poured over it. WOW!  It tasted like world peace.  mmm... we can't wait to go back just for that!
Even though Tivoli Village is a Ghost Town waiting to happen.  I applaud the amount of restaurants they have there.  I've seen a few turnover (Petra / Double Helix) however stopping in at Cantina Laredo for their happy hour made my trip worth it.  Their Happy Hour is from 4pm - 7pm & 9pm - close.  We hit the later up.  Our party of three went through 2 rounds of their Casita 'Rita ($3) and a bunch of their flavorful tacos.  Would go back for the value during happy hour.
Food is good! A little pricy, but good. Waiter is probably one of the best in Las Vegas: Miguel!!
Poor Service, Good Food.  While the restaurant was not busy when we went for lunch at 2:00pm yesterday, it took more than 30 minutes for our server to take our order.  Once the food arrived, everyone enjoyed what they ordered.  The fresh-made guacamole was excellent.  With good service, I'd give this either 4 or 5 stars.
The happy hour time and menu selections are good. The chips and salsa were good but nothing to rave about. I had theor mini crabcakes and steak flatbreads that were really tasty. However, I cant give the place more stars b/c the margaritas were terrible. We ordered 6 different margaritas but finished only 2. They were very syruppy and sweet. Ill probably go back to try their dinner menu but not their drinks
Yummy Skinny Girl Margaritas with fresh tortilla chips and made while you watch guacamole?  Oh yeah, you got me!
Food: We ordered the table side guacamole. I love guacamole, so if they are going to make it to my specifications then even better! The one down side to this is that they do not have salt or lime on the tray to add in. Definitely need to add salt and/or lime. I had the steak and chicken fajitas. I didn't even make it to the chicken because the steak was so good. My friend ordered the chorizo tacos and really enjoyed them. 

Drinks: long list of margaritas and other cocktails, as well as wine and beer. I had the skinny margaritas. I was very happy with it. 

Vibe: a fancy Mexican place. If you didn't look at the name or menu, you wouldn't even know it was a Mexican restaurant - no tacky decor or bright colors. Great place to grab a few drinks with friends.

Gluten free options available

At Tivoli, so parking is super easy - garage, valet, outside lot
Cool setting, Good service HORRIBLE FOOD.
What a joke, the enchiladas tasted like chilli cheese fries.
My Torta was on ciabatta bread & looked like it was from subway.
We sent 1 plate back & they offered a free drink which they ended up charging on the bill. Sorry but I wont be returning to this "American-Mexican" Spot..
The Nachos were WAY over priced.

$11 for 6 chips.

See Pic.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cantina-laredo-las-vegas#E_MHz862cJ6Isqczx2lQMQ
We had an early dinner Saturday and we had very great service the staff was so friendly and was there at the table with refills seconds before our glasses were empty. 
The waitress recommend some of the new items and they were great!
We sat outside since it was a beautiful night. Well bad idea. It smelt off cigar smoke. It was disgusting! The food was ok for me but my husband took 1 bite of his and that was enough for him. It was horrible. Service was awful. Our meal took 2 hours!!! We didn't even have an appetizer!! With 3 kids this service was way too slow. It's like she forgot we were outside! Looked like we were her only table out there. Don't think we will ever go back!
WOW, what a hidden gem. I probably walked pass the place a bajillion times and never tried it. Now, I hate myself. lol

Great menu with great employees like our server Jose and the restaurant manager Mark. 

We ordered several items; gaucamole(which was prepared at table side), Fish and Shrimp Tacos, ahhhhmazing!!! i loved the fish tacos more than the shrimp and also ordered the Daily Special which was Chilean Seabass omg to. die. for. So succulent and doused in this yummy sauce omg i want some right now just thinking about it!

Cant wait to go back!!!!
Amazing everyone and everything was just Amazing! ! Lilly was the best server I have ever had very sweet!  Thanks so much!
The food was what I expected because my friends recommended that I come here, and the margaritas were good. The atmosphere was lively, so it is a great place to go with family and/or friends. The menu is also priced right, so feel free to try an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I have to admit, I didn't know what to order so I read my fellow Yelper's reviews for suggestions. Thanks guys! You were right, the fish tacos rock! Although the service was on the slow side because it was busy, our waitress, Claudia, made every effort to check on us. Once we were able to place our order, the food came fairly quickly. The portions were smaller than what I'm used to for a Mexican restaurant, but the flavor made up for it. I was very satisfied and full. The fresh chips and salsa placed on the table when we arrived helped. Thanks for making sure we stay fabulous and fit Cantina Laredo! I will definitely be back because I love Mexican Food!
If we had received better service, I'd give this spot 5 stars without any reservation. I'd been craving good chicken enchiladas for a few months, and I wasn't having any luck around my area of town (Cheyenne & 95)

For an appetizer, my husband and I split the crabmeat/goat cheese quesadillas, topped with mango/giner salsa. To be honest, they were overpriced @ $14 because of their small size, but, honestly, they were so delicious that I couldn't complain.

To eat, my husband had a chimichanga, which he adored. The crust was thin and friend to perfection. I had the Enchiladas Veracruz, and I was delighted. The veggies on top added a fresh spin to the enchiladas, which were both flavorful and cooked perfectly. The chicken was so tender and thin--melt in your mouth good.

Our main complaint was with the service. We had to wait ten minutes for waitstaff to tell us they'd be with us "in just a minute". Except--she didn't, and she was rescued five minutes later by her fellow waitstaff to take our drink orders. After waiting 20 minutes, we were finally able to place our order and then enjoy the delicious food. So, one waitress was very helpful, and the other was awful.

I'm hopeful that with a second trip, I'll luck out with a good server so that I can enjoy that delicious food again!
This is one of the nicer Mexican restaurants I've been to and I was glad they take reservations because we were coming with a large group of co-workers to celebrate some birthdays. It was a Sunday night and when I arrived they had 2 large tables set up for our group, although the rest of the restaurant was pretty empty.

We had some margaritas, that were alright so I mostly opted for Dos Equis Amber drafts, which was served in tall skinny glasses. We ordered a few appetizers to share: queso dip and tableside guacamole, which was pretty cool since you got to see the waitress making a fresh batch for you. Everyone got various different entrees and I wasn't able to try them all but the quesadillas and tacos were tasty, as well as the tres leches cake for dessert. We told the waitress we were celebrating birthdays and she brought out brownies with burning sparklers so we could sing to our birthday peeps, which I thought was really nice of them.

I think we were there pretty close to closing time because service was a little slow and we only had 1 waitress despite having a group of about 15 people. In the end, we had a great time and the food was excellent, just took us a few hours to dine because everything seemed to move so slow...at least they didn't kick us out! We ended up leaving after 11 pm when their closing time was 10!
First off this was my third time here and I did not pick the locale for the Ladies Who Lunch munch, as my two previous visits would never warrant a return for a third shot.  But I dummy up and defer; all the while repeating a please don't suck mantra with my inside voice and  hoping three's a charm rather than three strikes you're out.

I'm the only one drinking and I'm pretty jazzed about sucking down some post-morning mojitos.  It can only lend to my magical thinking and help me ignore the do you think she might need a liver transplant in the future glances from my comrades.  What arrives is a very attractive Mojito complete with fresh perky mint, but alas, all style and no substance with its artificial lime undertone, the liver can go to someone else.

What we picked, shared and compared:

The Top Shelf Guacamole prepared table side.  After much ferreting, poking, probing into this mushy mound I though I heard a faint whisper.  Can you taste me now? What about now?  Umm, that would be a NO!  Bland and tasteless through and through.

Beef & Chicken Combination Fajitas.  A pretty plate of more banal and tasteless food (chicken that tasted as if it had been boiled first); except for the horrid overcooked and sour tasting rice, which was pathetically terminal, not worth saving and best left to science.

Torta De Pollo.  Nothing to say as there was nothing to taste.  Did Sysco not deliver spices this week?

Chimichanga De Pollo Poblano.  The best of the lot, but not by much.  More than half is sitting in my fridge and destined to be sent to the dumpster or Smithsonian. 

Nice enough decor, pleasant enough service, but than doesn't save the third epic food fail.

Three strikes!  Out!  Game done!  Series over!
6th time here as a Vegas visitor and unfortunately as much as I want to live this place, the service is just such a negative.  Decent margaritas, good chips 'n salsa, nice table side guacamole (tho's it's evident it's not the servers favorite thing to do). However, the service is a major detractor. One behind the bar during happy hour, and as it filled up she quickly got frazzled and we had to ask for every little thing, napkins under our drinks, a set up etc. Same story all the other times, staff is friendly but in attentive to customers needs and not good at checking in to see if anything else needed. We always leave frustrated wishing it could be a better experience. Upgrade and train the staff on the importance of good customer service and this place will go far.
My sister and I were out and about and I have been starving. I was ready to pass out, good thing they gave us chips and salsa. I was not hungry for Mexican food since I wasn't feeling well anyway. I just wanted some fries. We ordered quesadillas al cangrejo, asada y enchilada and torta de carnitas.

Chips & Salsa:
The chips were warm, thin and crispy. They were awesome. We had 2 dipping sauces: one spicy, one medium spicy. 4/5

Quesadillas al Cangrejo:
3 quesadillas stuffed with lump crab, goat cheese and topped with mango ginger salsa. This was a nightmare on a plate for me since I'm allergic to shellfish and I'm lactose intolerant. Since I was already sick, I had a small bite anyway. The quesadilla itself was nice, soft and fluffy. The goat cheese and mango add tartness to the crab. I wouldn't worry about this dish since they were pulling it off the menu that day. 2/5

Asada y Enchilada:
Grilled skirt steak with marinated onions, rice topped with tomatillo sauce. This is something I would somewhat enjoy if I wasn't sick. The steak was pretty tender and flavorful but it's not one of the best asadas I've ever had. 3/5

Torta de Carnitas:
Griddle-baked sandwich with slow-roasted pork, apricot spread and chipotle aioli. It comes with a side of fries. Yay, something I could eat! The slow-roasted pork was juicy and very mildly flavored. The apricot spread and chipotle aioli turned me off. I took 1-2 bites and ate some of the fries. 2/5

If you want Gringo Mexican food, this place might work for you. I've had better food and paid less money somewhere else.
This review is for the Chips and Salsa:  I go to Cantina Laredo strictly for the chips, salsa, and guacamole so I can't review anything else on the menu.  The table side guacamole gets a 10/10.  I love the atmosphere and decor inside the restaurant.  Very clean and friendly.  They have a cute outdoor patio if you are looking for a nice spot to visit with friends.  To-go orders are always neatly packaged.
I have only been twice, but I am a fan! The happy hour is great. Fun atmosphere and affordable prices.  If you go, do try the chicken quesadillas.  The chicken is plump, white chunks with delicious melted cheese.  Yum.  Wish I had one right now.  Chips and salsa are pretty darn good too- margaritas are great too if you are in the mood.
I took the wife here on date night and it was terrible. The food was mediocre to poor. The order was wrong. The portions were tiny. This place has pretensions of being haute or highbrow Mexican. The prices reflect that, but the food does not. The service was snarky and slow. They gave us a comp card for chile con queso for our trouble. Fact is, we will never go back. We will wait for this place to shut down and hope for a better replacement.
A favorite stop for us.  The food is excellent, service outstanding and a great Happy Hour. One of our favorite places to enjoy Sunday Brunch. $2 mimosas and Bloody Mary's all day on Sunday.
First time to visit, Saturday around 12:30. Not very busy. Waiter Ray.  Ordered an appetizer of ceviche, a beer and a blood orange sangria, which was great!  After about 20 mins, the waiter finally realized we never received our app.  He then tells us they are all out.  Our chips and salsa had been eaten...he took the chips to refill but not the salsa.  Finally got more salsa.  I ordered the beef stew which is a new item and my husband ordered the shrimp salad.  His salad was very good with great flavor.  The mango dressing was very tasty. The taste of the stew was very good but when I finally tossed the stew around abit I only found 1  - 1/4" x 1/4" piece of beef.  For the price it should have been more.  Brought the waiter over and he got me more which was better beef than the piece that was in there.   For our first visit, it won't be some place we would return to.  Flavor was good, sangria was good. Maybe Just an off day but there are many restaurants to choose from.  We'll stick with Brio or try our luck at Echo and Rig.
Beautiful restaurant.  Great food.  Great service. What more could you ask for.  I read a review below that said the portions were small.  Um... not sure how much that person eats but there was definitely no issue with portion size at this restaurant. I had the Fajitas... they were fantastic!  We also did the table side guacamole, and of course this was after the complimentary chips and salsa you get first.  And they give you two types of salsa, one medium, one mild.  For dessert, the Flan!  Everything was fantastic!
One of the rare places I've been that has excellent food AND service! Ive been back a few times now and haven't been disappointed yet. Their happy hour is awesome and they have a great tequila selection. I definitely recommend the fresh made guacamole, they make it right in front of you! After the first time I had it I was already craving more the next day! Also my server recommended the carnitas which were amazing! The meat was so tender and juicy and basically fell off the bone, and the chipotle wine sauce on top didn't steal from the meat but added just the perfect mouth watering touch! There are so many restaurants to choose from around here that it takes a lot for me to return to the same place more than once, and I am quickly becoming a regular here. If you haven't been here yet, definitely make it a point to check it out!
Food was good but service there is not good.  This is the second time going there and both times the service was junk.
Not the best or least expensive option in town, but the avocado enchiladas are a light modern twist on a classic dish. Mi Gusta
This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas! The food in incredible, margaritas are delicious and the prices are fantastic. Best of all the service is spot on. I will definitely be coming back!
We stopped in for happy hour.   Within walking distance from the suncoast casino on a nice day.   Fabulous food, reasonably priced (considering half off) and our server Kelly was excellent. 

We tried the standard Margarita on the rocks,  mango and strawberry margaritas.  I usually prefer a standard (theirs is top shelf), but the fresh strawberry flavor made it my winner here.   

For appetizers we shared three tacos and the flatbed.   It was fantastic!!!!
Cantina Laredo is a newer, modern, well-designed bar/restaurant that is best enjoyed on a warm (or even hot) spring or summer night - its open air bars and outdoor patios are its greatest assets.  One bar-height outdoor table that seats about 8 surrounds its own bar height fire pit and this is a great find (they'll take reservations for it) when you want something special with a group in the evening. 

This is not typical mexican food - they call it "modern mexican" and that it is.  Fusion Mexican might be another way to say it.  Don't come for slathered enchilada or giant Burritos.  This food is more delicate.  I'd say this is better as an "eat in the bar" spot than a restaurant (where ambiance is best), unless you get one of their outdoor tables (there are lots).  The bar area can be very charming when all the doors/bar areas are open and the warm breezes are blowing.  Staff is always great and friendly.  Food is ok, not much to write home about with the exception of the Ahi Tuna Tacos that are one of their most popular items.  I am addicted. They do also serve "Skinny Margaritas" which is a plus for those of us who don't want all the sugar found in a typical margarita mix and table side guacamole is a good choice. Great happy hour, btw - most appetizers at half price as well as all margaritas, and they have an all day HH on Saturdays until 5pm...And those great Ahi Tuna Tacos are on that HH menu.  Great early Saturday evening spot - to slip in there just as HH is ending, and grab a seat at the bar before the crowds arrive.  Like most Summerlin area restaurants the crowd is 35-60, with an emphasis on the older end,  mix of young families and few groups of 20 & 30-somethings.
Love the decor. Wait staff are super. Wow, the ribeye steak was seasoned nicely and cooked perfectly. The chips and salsa were very nice. There are items they have not on the menu. Just ask your wait staff. Yes, ribeye is not on the menu. Amazing place. Soups are great and the presentation is wonderful.
This restaurant is amazing.  The food is excellent as well as the service. The wait staff was very friendly and we didn't have to ask for anything.   The Chef  Damon came to our table and made sure that everything was made to perfection,   I highly suggest eating here if you visit or live in Las Vegas.
Cantina Laredo has become my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. It isn't super authentic like the Michoacan chain, but more of something you would see opened by a celebrity chef on the strip. The quality and portion size is excellent, and the margaritas are great! They have a good happy hour, but I really wish they would extend it out to the beautiful patio area they have, and maybe stay open a bit later during the summer (see Kona Grill handbook). Looking forward to my next visit already!
Fantastic signature margaritas! The best I have had in Vegas.  Good Flavorful salsa. Both of which for me....make or break it.
Well, I would like to write a review based on my experience eating here, but unfortunately that's not possible. We sat at a table for 20 minutes without acknowledgement from any waiter, though there were several working the outdoor area where the unfriendly hostess had seated us. Sadly, we ended up walking out. We won't be back.
Cantina Laredo is a great TEX MEX style restaurant- that is important. Many of the negative reviews look like they were expecting southern California style Mexican food (Baha) with grilled fish tacos and 4 lbs of avocado on everything- THIS IS NOT THAT KIND OF PLACE. I originally went to a Cantina Laredo in Dallas a few years ago and this is pretty much exactly the same (although a little fancier inside).

That being said it is a pretty legit restaurant- if you have tried to eat Mexican in Las Vegas you probably have seen its a desert wasteland of options. Cantina Laredo is a little pricier than most (about 20$ minimum per person) but is pretty good food and service wise.

There is both a self park lot and valet -the valet stand is right across the round about from Cantina Laredo. The lot is not very far away but after you get Mex-ecuted at a big meal the walk begins to look more like a death march- I highly recommend valet.


The Food- Like I said , its Tex-Mex so order accordingly (fajitas for instance) . Start the meal off with some cheese dip or Guac- both are very good - and its one of the few places I have found in Vegas where you can actually get queso DIP instead of queso fundido- an item that should only be served to particularly hard to crack Guantanamo detainees. The regular salsa they bring you with the chips is OK but nothing special. 

Fajitas- this is a pretty big amount of food for one person- if you tend to eat a lot of chips or order an appetizer you can easily get by splitting this for two people. The steak comes in larger than usual fajita pieces which I like as it generally means the meat is less dried out/overcooked in the middle. The chicken- who knows cause I would never order chicken fajitas this is America.

Drinks- most of the mixed drinks come a little too sweet for my tastes so I get some lime pieces and make sure and add some more lime juice. Other than that the margaritas on a scale of 1-Mesa Grill are about a 7.
Horrible service.  I went there Thursday during happy hour and it wasn't even busy.  Once we were seated we had a chance to look at the menu.  However, not one employee In the place acknowledged us.  No one came to the table to offer us anything to drink.  After 10 minutes of sitting there with no service we decided to get up and leave. The hostess was kind enough to ask us if we were ok.  I had told her that we were sitting there for 10 minutes and nobody even acknowledged us and that I would rather go somewhere else. You would think that in a place like that the service would be a little bit better. Especially with the high prices on the menu and being located in Tivoli Village. And like I said before the place was not busy at all. The servers were just walking around doing nothing. Never again will I set foot in that place. And I will not be surprised if it doesn't last much longer.
Had a great time out on the patio during the happy hour.  Priced very reasonably and the food was good.  Had beef enchiladas and they hit the spot.  Highly recommend.
Cute place, like everything in Tivoli Village. Really great menu options, including vegetarian which really appealed to me. Two enchilada options I noticed were spinach/mushroom, and avocado/artichoke which is the choice I made. I think I had maybe 2 pieces of artichoke and 3 avocado slices. Instead they were filled with green chiles and jalapeños which I was not expecting. I was disappointed in that because I was really looking forward to some avocado cheesy goodness!! :( . The black beans served on the side however were really flavorful and delicious. I also ordered their signature margarita which was very good, very fresh tasting, not syrupy like some can be. Service was great, attentive, my water glass was always full, so good job there. Overall just not super impressed with the food!
Ate there last night. Two of the four dinners made where wrong even as they brought back what should have been corrected it was wrong. The whole dinner was a disaster  on top of that the correct thing would have been to offer a desert or something. We are not the types that look to get comps or bitch about service but it was bad.  Two of ate while the others had to sit there. Once they received their dinner we had to do the same.  
Well all I can say that's another one off the list. I will stick to El Segundo on the strip
EXCELLENT food and EXCELLENT service. I have been coming here since they opened. Usually here for the happy hour, which is incredible value for the bar food. As we know, most "restaurants" in vegas suck. Not this place. Could stand up to any top mexican joint in this country. The bartenders are exceptional. Again, a rare achievement. Whoever is running this place deserves great credit for bringing quality and service to a town that greatly needs it. btw, their bathroom is immaculate!
I'm giving them two stars because the food was decently good. Having said that, all else is pretty negative. Sat outside on a sunny Thursday, was one of less than 10 tables in the restaurant. Host was nice and inviting, server was slow and lazy. I ordered an ice tea and was finally given it in a dirty glass after I had to ask again for it 20 min later. That was when we finally saw the server again. Silverware and plates dirty, my wife's water glass had food particles floating in it upon delivery. We won't be back even if the food was ok, I hope the health department goes in there and gets them to clean up their act.
Had our rehearsal dinner here. Everyone was fantastic! The staff and servers were great! The food was amazing! We had the outdoor patio for our party which was excellent! No complaints at all.
Food and margaritas are really good. Food and drinks are pricey and the menu is limited. Overall, nice "once in a while" place to eat.
The ahi tuna tacos that everyone talks about. ..they are completely raw and cold.  I wish they had a seared option. However,  I was thrilled with the veggie enchiladas.  Vivian,  our fantastic bartender,  allowed me to get them 2 ways!
Very nice upscale Mexican restaurant~we sat in the bar and we enjoyed lunch.
   The guacamole made table side was real good, could have used a little seasoning overall we were pleased. 
   Kurt had the ceviche and the ahi tacos, all very good and were appetizer portions very fresh & flavorful. I went more traditional and had 2 enchiladas, one cheese the other beef with a pretty spicy dark red sauce served with rice & beans.
    Very nice spot in Tivoli Village, easy parking, nice outside area to drink/eat! 
 We live in Henderson so quite out of the way for us~ however if your in Summerlin near Rampart check it out I think you'll be happy you did.
Went on Sunday 03/23/14 at 2:30 PM and it was 72 degrees.  Sat outside on the side patio in the back.  Had tons of mimosas and the chilaquiles.  The chilaquiles come w/chicken.  It was good.  Love the mexican brownie and did not love the mango tres leche.  I normally love mango but would have preferred plain tres leche cake.
Had dinner there last night. No wait getting in. Great staff! Amazing food. Two types of salsa were provided and both were great!  Our group all had different dishes and everyone loved what they got. We will definitely eat there again.
Second time dinning here for Sunday brunch on the patio. Best omelette I've ever had and you can't beat the free mimosa! However, the service both times has been sub-par. With that said, we'll continue to come back because the prices are great, atmosphere is beautiful, and the good is delicious!
According to their sign they are "modern Mexican"...which basically means "same things as other Mexican restaurants except a fancier setting". Just kidding, that's not nice - there are several options on the menu that you wouldn't see at La Fiesta but let's not get carried away, it's not a new form of cuisine.

I was happy to find Mole Enchiladas on the menu since mole is friggin awesome! I wasn't super amped about these babies though...worth trying but the mole had a little too much tang to it and not enough depth of flavor. 

The guacamole should definitely be purchased. There is a guac-girl who comes around and makes it at your table. She'll use 1 and a half avocados and ramp up the spiciness however you like it. She also has cilantro in her ingredient cart which is yummy.

Service was subpar. Our waiter was not very attentive - seemed to have too many tables to deal with.
I was only here for drinks, but wow!  I don't even know what this drink was called- it was some sort of fruity margarita that came with a coconut popcicle.  A messy drink, to be sure, but delicious!  The outdoor seating area is beautiful on a nice night, and the service was great as well.  I'm looking forward to returning and trying the food!
Ordered the guacamole and the first time it was too spicy even though we ordered mild. It came back better the next time and it included cilantro which gave it a good flavor. I like that they ask you if you want red onion in it, which we didn't. The service was very slow and an ice tea took forever to be brought out. Food was ok but with the slow service, will probably not come back. They have a nice outdoor patio with reggae music playing which made for a nice atmosphere, but the service needs to improve if they want to have repeat customers.
As part of our effort to get out and around to different parts of this fabulous town we have now lived in for eight months, we ventured over to Tivoli Village to check out the area. When there we saw a couple neat places to eat, but we decided Cantina Laredo looked like a cool place to take the family. We came in and sat on the patio outside. It was a beautiful night and Tivoli Village is a cool place to look at, so the patio is a plus to this place. Alexandria voted on us and did a fantastic job. She knew the menu very well and helped us select our entrees. They have a good kids menu with great pricing. We had their Chille Con Queso dip as an appetizer along with there chips and salsa. I had the Mahi Mahi tacos with black beans and rice. The tacos were phenomenal, I had no choice, but to clean my plate of them. The black beans were also good. The only complaint I had was the rice which was okay, but had a lime flavor that was a little overwhelming. But, overall really good. My wife had the Chicken Quesadilla for her meal and enjoyed it. We wanted to try the Mexican Apple Pie which looks amazing, but we were too full. Oh well...maybe next time!
This is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas! Mexican is my favorite style of food and the modernized menu here is mouth watering. I have brought just about all of my family and friends and not one disappointed tummy yet. It is reasonably priced and has an interesting vibe.
This place has a great location in Tivoli Village. They have a good indoor outdoor bar and several inexpensive offerings for happy hour. One of the best features of this restaurant is that they allow your dog to sit out with you on the patio while you dine. 

The food is not traditional (authentic) Mexican food which doesn't bother me. But, the poor execution is an issue. We have eaten here a handful of times. I guess because I keep hoping to select something on the menu that I love. Unfortunately, that hasn't happened. The highlight of the menu is their guacamole and chips which are made table side. Their complimentary salsas are also very tasty. 

I would give Cantina Loredo another try. It's a shame that we haven't found a good Mexican restaurant in the Summerlin area. My husband likes this place a lot more than I do. He is a fan of the fajitas. So, the 3 star review is an average of both of our opinions.
I have to laugh at some of these reviews..Some must be suspect..I go here at least twice a week..The food is delicious..never had a bad meal here. The drinks are great and service is always friendly and prompt...The patio is beautiful at night....you cant go wrong for dinner here..
The service was ok - fast and no issues - can't say the same for the people around us who had a train wreck of a server who screwed up every dish at every table.  The food was just okay as well.  I had the carne asada and my wife had the stuffed poblano.  It seemed like the food came out very very quickly but was not hot (but the plates were for some reason) made it seem like they just flopped already prepared food down on hot plates and threw it out of the kitchen.  The seasoning on the steak was nice and I really loved the charred jalapeno.  

The salsas - especially the warm salsa was very good but the chips were a bit mealy I did not like their texture.  The poblano pepper was stuffed with about 3 shrimp and the seeds and glans of the pepper were left in which is odd.  The steak was small but adequate.

Over priced for the amount of food you get.  While I didn't hate the place it struck me as someplace I can easily forget and had no real draw on me that makes me want to come back.  Not big on paying over $70 for a fast meal with average flavors.
We stop in for Mothers Day! No wait, ate in the bar just perfect for the 4 of us~ great server Jaclyn. Turned out to be a very nice outing.
Love the environment of Tivoli! Cafe Laredo has incredible table side guacamole, and a sizzling Mexican brownie that's amazing. Great patio dining.
Food was pretty decent but service left much to be desired. Came to celebrate my birthday with friends, had to practically beg our server to smile or pay attention to us. In the middle of selecting our appetizers he just walked away, didn't return for 10 minutes. Got water in the beginning, couldn't get a refill until he was clearing our plates, despite our efforts to get his attention. Sangria is tasty but can't imagine any of us will return.
I was super excited to celebrate Cinco de Mayo here!! We had head about some specials they were having for the weekend and the one that made my mouth water was the Pop a Rita! I margarita with a Popsicle... Umm yes please! $5 for the Cinco de Mayo specials... Absolutely!! I read that the specials were only available on the patio, that's cool, I love sitting on the patio. 

When I got there I put our name on the wait list for the patio and was told 20 minutes. It was only about 15 mixtures. We were a party of three were she sat us at a table barely set, and for only two people at that. 'Oh, there's there?' Umm yep, told you three and three of us walked out together. 

They had a mariachi band playing when we sat down which was awesome entertainment for the day! We waited what seemed to be forever for a server to acknowledge us. I later learned the server that walked by us several times and ignored us ended up be our server. Ugh, you couldn't have said 'Be with you in a minute'? Serving 101. 

Anyway, he did warn us the bar was running slow, no biggie, we enjoyed each other's company, until he completely lacked on his job. I was so irritated! Slow, un-personable, when he finally came to get our food order he literally just came to the table and waited for us to say something. Uh 'Hi are you ready, what can I get you, what looks good' would have all been acceptable things to say. To be fair, it wasn't entirely his fault, he seemed to be the only server on the patio!! HELLO!!! You offered patio specials for Cinco de Mayo weekend!! Staff up!!! But he could have totally made the best of it and get our asses drunk and no one would have cared his service sucked! Pretty sure we were to get chips and salsa, well we didn't so I couldn't tell you how those would have been. 

So the three stars are for the food and value. The food was really good! Warm and cold quickly, but it was still good. They have several enchilada options that are "healthier" options, I couldn't decide which I wanted to try! I had an artichoke and avocado enchilada! Yum! It made great leftovers, which I love!! And the prices are pretty reasonable. 

I would try this again, maybe for their happy hour specials, which look pretty good. But from my experience and obviously other Yelpers, my service standards will need to be lowered in order to enjoy myself. We'll see if I can actually do that.
The service is usually really great. I say that because only 1 night have I questioned this and it was a party of 20+. The food is great and comes out very fast. The location can not be beat, who doesn't love the Tivoli Village area? They have a margaritas with a beer and a shot attached which can creep on you so be cautious when ordering this stinger.  Enjoy a lovely evening under the stars or indoors. We personally love their patio.
Great happy hour... Even on Saturdays! My favorite here is the Ahi Tacos!!!! The Chocolate Brownie Dessert is rich in flavor! It's one of my all time picks for "modern Mexican" food in the Summerlin area!
One of our favorite spots! Service is kind of slow, but the delicious food always makes up for it! My boyfriend and I always start with table side guac and the ahi tuna tacos. For our entrees, I enjoyed the crab enchiladas and my bf the Chilean sea bass. The Mexican apple pie is a MUST HAVE! Overall, I say go!
We haven't dined here before due to the mixed reviews.  Our family loves Mexican food, and while we prefer hole-in-the-wall taquerias, we'll occasionally dine at some full service Mexican restaurants.

We dined at Cantina Laredo tonight because we were with friends who wanted to eat there.  I was pleasantly surprised when we walked in to find a lively and hip bar and a spacious dining room filled with a good looking crowd. 

Service was very good.  Drinks were great.  Food was pretty good.  

We started with the table side guac.   Tasty but tiny portions.  The house chips and salsa is really good.  They give you both mild and spicy salsa.  

Several of us ordered the carnitas which was delicious.  They are on-the-bone pork ribs served with rice and a nice sautéed veggie mix.  

We'll return for sure.
My boyfriend and I have been going here since Christmas time in 2013. Within the first week we went 3 times. Day before Christmas, day after, and then again the next day. We have been back almost every week since (if not twice a week.) family and friends have flown in from out of town and I have made a point to bring them here. LILLY makes the best guacamole hands down and EVERY TIME I come here I order guacamole even when she isn't there. It should be the best in Vegas...Wonderful servers. Always joyful and on their toes trying to accommodate every wish of mine. Wonderful atmosphere inside or out side by the fire... Not only that, the food is amazing and proportionate. Ohh yeah Don't forget to order one of there drinks from the bar. tamarind lemonade is what I tend to order.  One of my top three restaurants I attend weekly and the best Mexican joint in town
My wife and I tried Cantina Laredo on a date night. You can usually judge a Mexican restaurant by its chips and salsa--they passed with flying colors! The price was reasonable and the food was good--especially the Guacamole! 

We were about to ask for our check when we smelled the most heavenly aroma. We asked our waiter what it was and he said that it was their apple pie dessert. We tried some and were not disappointed--a wonderful blend of cinnamon ice cream, apple pie, and some type of yummy butter sauce. 

I highly recommend going if you haven't gone (or tried the apple pie dessert). Mmmm.
Dined in for lunch on Monday and practically had the place to ourselves. It is a large space. 

I was pleasantly surprised with the experience! 

Chips are ultra light, fresh and crispy and salsas are flavorful. 

I had the enchilada Veracruz and it was delicious. The green sauce was tangy and the plate was vibrant with colorful fresh vegetables. The enchilada was filled with fresh spinach and topped with red cabbage and carrots. Perfectly crunchy sautéed  zucchini and red peppers were served alongside. The rice has a unique flavor which is not my personal preference but different! Hubby was also very pleased with his carne and enchilada. His steak had a delicious grilled flavor. The prices and portions are just right. 

The kids meal was excellent. Around $5.75 for 6 half taquitos with pepper cheese dip, rice and beans and a drink. Disappointed they did not have milk for my guy though. 

We had the mango tres leches to finish. It was very good but could have been a little more soaked in leches. Service was good but a bit slow for the number of patrons in the place. 

I would definitely go back for another lovely lunch; the outdoor space looks like an excellent spot for a margarita when the weather is not so HOT!
This is a tiny little place that you'd never think to go in to. She was selling her wares at farmers markets and recently opened this location. We ordered pierogies to have for Christmas Day and decided to have lunch there when we went to go pick them up. We had the pork spare ribs with potato, peas and carrots. Yum! It was just like if we had gone to my mother in law's house to eat. There was nothing restauranty about it, just homey comfort food and plenty of it. I'm looking forward to eating the pierogies we brought home, I just hope I can make it until Christmas! If you can't make it to the restaurant you can go to the website and there is a list of farmers markets and times where you can find her food as well.
I work around the corner from these guys and considered going in there for months but never got around to it. I wish I'd gone sooner!! The Polish sausage was DELICIOUS and the bun was fresh and wonderful. It was a huge sausage, too! More than worth the $5.50. I also ordered the potato and cheese pierogies (something I'd never had in spite of being Polish by heritage) and they were to die for! I would often look at the menu and consider ordering some but never really felt like spending $7 for what I assumed would be a small order but just like with the sausage, they give you plenty for your money! Wonderful, fresh and healthy food and absolutely worth the price. The woman there was charming as could be and even offered to let me taste the sauerkraut for free (I can't comment on that; she had me taste it because I told her I didn't like sauerkraut and turns out I still don't!). Overall, it was a wonderful experience and I would recommend this place to anyone. Thinking I may try the meat pierogies tomorrow!
As close as I've ever gotten to being as good as my Babcias. The Potato and cheese pierogi are so good, served with fried onions and ham, with a side of sour cream. It is a bit far from my place but I will be going back. You can purchase the pierogi frozen to take home. Awesome.
What s secret treasure this place is. I had the polish and sauerkraut with a cheese crepe. Everything was great. The owner is adorable. The polish was HUGE and full of flavor. The crepes are warm and creamy. They melt in your mouth with goodness. I am so coming back to try one of the weekly specials. Their menu is simple but great
The place was clean.  They do encourage you to take out. Order was wrong peirogies mislabeled asked for mushroom  was labeled mushroom got meat.  The stuffed cabbage was undercooked  hopefully it was just a bad day for the kitchen.
Polish Goodies is something sort of strange.  When I came here, I had no problem believing that a large part of their business involved "exporting" their food to other venues ... the "restaurant" looks like a necessary afterthought.  And I put "restaurant" in quotes for good reason:  this literal hole in the wall, located around the corner in a non-descript, derelict shopping center looks like it used to be a former Chinese laundry:  the place is as large as my living room and has one of those tall front counters you used to drop your dry cleaning off at long ago.  The fact they don't take credit cards doesn't exactly help to cheer you up either.  

But then you run into the owner.  Frankly, a very cheerful and helpful person.  The day we were there, she was running it all herself and I frankly felt sorry for her (though there are literally only a few tables in the place, so she probably can manage it on her own).  It also helps (her), that the selection is pretty limited.  But what they DO have is decently priced and lip-smackingly delicious.  What a difference from, say, pretentious "A Touch of Europe" cafe in Glendale, which fools naive Americans into believing that they should pay lots of money for mediocred-sized portions of food, that people in Poland eat everyday and is only special in Arizona, because most Poles who come here don't open restaurants  (try getting away with those prices and attitude in Chicago or New York, where there's real competition!).

Polish Goodies, I wish you had a bigger place, with a larger selection and maybe not serve my meal on paper plates --- a larger selection of beverages would be nice, too.  But for what you are and what you offer -- and for what you charge -- it's pretty hard to complain (even though I ALWAYS find something to complain about).  

KUDOS
There is convenient parking right outside along the building which was nice. Although the place doesn't look like much on the outside or inside, it's the friendly service and delicious food that counts. 

Half of the menu (left side) can be ordered when you get there, but the other half (right side = weekly specials) must be ordered with a call ahead of time. I wanted a weekly special since I made the long drive down, but that's okay, now I know. I ordered the potato and cheese pierogies which were freshly made and extremely delicious. They are dumplings stuffed with a potato and cheese mixture topped with sautéed onions and bacon with a side of sour cream. 

The place itself is extremely small. There are maybe 4 tables. It's less of a dine in and more of a take-out kind of place. I don't advise large groups to come in. There is no seating outside and even water is $1 because they don't provide tap water, only bottled water. 

The owners are a Polish couple who are extremely sweet and kind. They are very friendly and respectful and treat their customers very well. With that being said, the service was excellent. 

I really hope they eventually expand into the next store which seems to be vacant and create a restaurant. With some advertisement they would be packed from the food and service alone.
I used to love going to Albuquerque Tortilla Company on 15th Ave. and Hatcher and I miss it, but today for lunch some coworkers and I tried the new restaurant to take it's place: La 15 Y Salsas. As you might imagine... they offer at least 15 salsas to top your burritos or tacos. I tried at least seven of them between dipping the complimentary chips made in-house from house-made tortillas (the owner owns a tortillaria too) and topping my breakfast burrito. My breakfast burrito was HUGE (See pictures) and was only $3.99... That was the regular! I can't imagine what the "mega" ($5.49) looks like!! 2 things about this place: 1.) If your going to go to an order-a-burrito-at-a-counter place, this place fits the bill and it's locally owned an operated with homemade salsas and fresh tortillas handmade with your order! 2.) They use a lot of black pepper here. If you don't like black pepper, I'm pretty sure you won't like it; but, I like black pepper and I look forward to trying the chicken tacos sometime...
Traditional Oaxacan cuisine including: mole, quesillo and chapulines (grasshoppers) -- or, just get a burrito! ;)

I had the emoladas which is basically a rolled enchilada (I had chicken) in mole sauce. The mole sauce was not overtly spicy. It had a nice, rich chocolate flavor. The quality of the chicken (all white meat) was good. 

You order at the counter and they deliver the food to your table.
This place is absolutely fantastic.  The ingredients are so fresh and high-quality that its unbelievable.  The quesadillas, tacos, burritos, mole, everything is incredible.  You cannot go wrong with this place.  Whatever the meat you get it is going to be fantastic and their salsas are wonderful too.
OUTSTANDING OAXACA  IN PHOENIX!

The only problem is if you don't know your Memelitas from your Enmoladas ordering is bit difficult but not impossible.

We walked in and they have a menu board with pictures I really didn't know what I wanted because I didn't know what many of the plates were. So before I had that deer look in the head lights for too long I said I'd like something chicken with mole and the woman behind the counter said oh you want Mole Negro Con Arroz and pointed to a sign. I said, yes thank you that sounds good.

My husband said, "what would you recommend?" She told him about Memelitas and Enmoladas. I think they were similar but one was topped with a dark bean sauce and the other is topped with the dark mole.

For beverages they offer mostly Mexican Beverages and a few sodas but nothing is sugar free and there wasn't iced tea.

We seat ourselves and and soon bunches of things arrive. We received HOT Fresh Made Corn tortillas, a trio of salsas , chips and our two entrees.

The salsas were UNLIKE any other salsas I had anywhere else. We received a tasty tomatillo, a refreshing creamy avocado and the most interesting salsa was the Chili de Arbol (it's a Mexican bird's beak chili)  that also was the most spicy , smokey but not too smokey unlike your normal smokey sauce and it almost was creamy.

I received a very carefully cooked seasoned chicken leg that was falling off the bone moist.  But the skin was a throw away as is was moist and melting off.  The Mole sauce that blanketed the chicken was  the most well balanced mole sauce I ever had and that's why that sauce was delicious. A bit spicy, not too much chocolate, all the spices and ingredients carefully blended so you couldn't tell them apart.  My rice was fluffy moist and fresh, it tasted like it was cooked in house made chicken stock.

I'm not really sure if my husband received the Memelitas or the Enmoladas but what he received were shredded white meat chicken and cheese in folded corn tortillas that was topped with the same dark mole sauce. He said the chicken was moist and good.

They sell some Oaxaca Goods in the restaurant.

Very very good 4.5 Stars
I have had one lunch here, but I was so impressed that I want to give a supporting review right away so that they stay in business.

It is in a nondescript strip mall in Sunnyslope.  I probably wouldn't have tried it except for some good reviews I read.  Inside, it is much nicer than I had expected, although more authentic, casual Mexican than anything upscale.

I went here specifically for the mole negro, one of my favorite dishes.  I got the one with three enchiladas, stuffed with chicken, smothered in mole. I believe it's called enmolado.   Very generous amount of mole, filling the plate, double the amount of mole I have ever gotten in any other restaurant.  It was delicious, filled with generous chicken, overflowing with mole negro sauce.  The owner/proprietor came out to see how I liked it and brought me a free serving of smooth guacamole.  Her son came out later with a free agua fresca drink made from some tropical fruit I don't know.  They just want to be friendly and to have you like their restaurant and food.  This is definitely a small, neighborhood,  mom & son-run authentic Mexican restaurant, specializing in Oaxacan cuisine, and I use the word "cuisine" deliberately.

Ordering at the counter is a bit challenging because there are a lot of dishes listed on the overhead board that you don't find in the usual Mexican restaurant, and the sweet woman who owns and runs the place has adequate but not too strong English.  The effort is well worth it, and they do have a printed menu available that you could just take to your table.

I was the only customer late in the day, so very quiet.  There was a tv on in the corner with a Spanish-language show, but so low that I wasn't really aware of it.

In addition to the very warm, friendly service and pleasant atmosphere, the menu lists a large number of Oaxacan dishes that are new to me.  This is not your typical Mexican restaurant; it is not your typical menu, although you will find some familiar items.  There is much to explore if your are a foodie, and based on my one experience, well worth it.  I would have the mole dishes every week, if I could.  I am returning there in two days for lunch and bringing two new converts to Oaxacan cuisine.  And I need to add that the prices are very reasonable.
Good food from southern Mexico.  It's not your uncle's Mexican food.  Order at the counter, and then table service.  Relaxed atmosphere, including outdoor seating --but on hard benches.  I've gotta say "authentic," even though it was 40+ years ago that I was in Oaxaca.  A beer & wine license is "coming soon."
Holy mole! La 15 is Oaxacan heaven. Food is generous and wonderful, Ricardo is helpful and friendly, and the horchata comes in a pitcher with a straw. "This place is a keeper," exclaimed my lunch buddy. We eat around the valley at least weekly and seldom return to the same place twice, so this was high praise indeed, seconded by me. Can't wait to try more delicious dishes here.
Had an amazing lunch there with the wife. This is not sonoran mexican cuisine but a totally rich deep flavored authentic that takes serious skill and patience. The best mole of my life.
What a disappointment--particularly after reading all the rave reviews here.

As my wife's family es de Oaxaca and we have traveled all throughout the State, our expectations were high.  I would give this place a "B" for concept, a "C" for effort, and a "D" for execution.

Service was almost nonexistent--we arrived at 10 AM on a Friday and were one of two couples in the restaurant.  I asked for a glass of water.  10 minutes later I had to go out to my car and retrieve my own water.  The waitress was in space somewhere.  Seemed oblivious to my situation when she finally brought the water 10 minutes later.

All the "rich flavors" touted here are the opinions of people who don't know any better.  Their chocolate de leche was merely leche with a hint of chocolate.  Tlayuda was a sad mimicry of the "real deal" and the aciento was overpoweringly salty.  The memelas looked authentic--but were flavorless.  Their mole was thickened chicken broth with only a hint of authentic flavor.  All throughout this bland meal our waitress was nowhere to be seen.  

Final damages were about $25 for two people.  We left as quickly as we could.  NEVER going back.  This may be a step up from Garcia's, but nothing more.  No truly Oaxaqueñan cooks would EVER proudly claim they work here.  Owners:  ustedes sí tienen mucho que mejorar con su comida y su servicio.  ¡Que decepción!
The 3 salsas served with the chips are incredible.
Muy bueno!  Damn the salsa is hot though!  Deserts look really yummy, very moist cake, getting one to go.
update:  had the cake when we got home, it was fantastic!  Seriously pissed the wife off though when I questioned how much of it she was eating.
This place is awesome, I d love to keep it to myself and not see it ever get crazy busy.  But I want to see these owners do great! These owners are committed to real authentic Mexican food and service.  This is what Mexican food should be!! I wish all Americanized Mexican restaurant would go out of business and we would go back to this.  Bravo La 15 y salsas!!
My personal opinion was it was a bad place to eat. The bill was high priced. The food was very greasy and my burrito had greasy meat with no flavor rice. The salsa and the cokes were the only good parts of the restaurant.
Well, a disappointment. Two of us had the traditional Oaxacan tortillas w chorizo and thought they were pretty bland and uninteresting. Maybe it's just not my favorite regional cuisine.
One of the new places in the food court that is still undergoing renovation in the Excalibur Hotel. They currently have a deal (coupon required) in which you can get a free medium drink with the purchase of a 2 chicken item combo. Good place to eat at if you just want a quick and cheap meal. I prefer this place more than Panda Express.
Pick Up Stix is back!
All Las Vegas area locations closed a while back, and I was a little heartbroken. I love their fried rice and cream cheese won tons!
When I heard about the Excalibur location, I was excited to get some of my beloved fried rice. Never mind having to drive to the Strip to get it, I was committed. The food court has been remodeled and is not hard to get to on the 2nd floor of the casino. I was diasappointed that this is a quick serve layout, which means a Panda Express type layout instead of the traditional made to order Pick Up Stix I love. Alas, they had fried rice but you can't get it with plan shrimp or chicken, only with the fancy entree items such as orange chicken or spicy shrimp. The employee was very helpful as she saw my diasappointment at the offerings, and she told me about the kid's meal with fried rice. This is not posted on the menu, and it was a pretty good deal. The fried rice was a little different than I remember, but was good enough for me to go back.
Don't go here for a late night fix - they close earlier than stated/advertised. When questioned about it their staff said their clocks said it was closing time - perhaps their clock is 10 minutes fast, or the staff was just trying to close up a wee bit early...

Maybe for the best - unlike any other location I've visited (and I'm normally a raving fan of Pick Up Stix), all the food at this location isn't made fresh to order. It's pre-made and sits in warming trays. I'll need to go to the LA area to get my fix.
This place is a joke.  Pick Up Stix, you need to pick up your attitude, show some smiles,  and stop hating your job.  I came here twenty minutes prior to closing.  They had run out of most of their food, but there was still a huge line.  I ordered the kung pao chicken and the orange chicken.  There were almost no other options.  They were rationing what little food they had to the customers waiting in line.  Everyone surely did not get what they paid for.  The staff members that were packing the boxes were extremely rude and seemed like they rather be doing something else.  The owner needs to work with these employees, and either needs re-train them in customer service, or fire them.  

As for the food, there was very little in the box.  The fried rice was hard and grainy.  The noodles were overly sauced, and salty.  The orange chicken was too sweet, and was soggy.  The kung pao chicken was all sauce and vegetables.  It was overall very disgusting.  The food was terrible, served alongside terrible service.
Rice wasn't cooked all the way. The servers were really nasty and didn't act professional.
Wow, this place is really gross and it's expensive (cuz it's Vegas). My friend and I shared a fried rice and two sides of kung pao chicken and veggies. The fried rice was really salty, the kung pao chicken and veggies were just ok. To say the least, we wasted a lot of food. My friend wasn't feeling well from our partying the night before, so she didn't want to eat Popeye's, which our guy friends got. I think I'd MUCH rather prefer fried chicken. Pick Up Stix is pretty much another Panda Express...gross, unauthentic food. Sigh.
Horrible food, its nothing like it use to be. This is probally the only one that serves there food like they do & its disgusting. Why open another pick up stix in las vegas but not have it the way it use to be when you would order and your food was freshly made?
I come typically come here when I'm at Excalibur because the food is decent, depending on what you get. The food is Asian fusion but some of it is way too oversauced and salty. But for some reason I still like to come here...probably because it's the only location in Vegas. If given an option though, I'd probably choose Panda Express over this Pick Up Stix.
I was very disappointed when Pick Up Stix closes its locations around Vegas.   They made fresh food to order.   Now we get a mall version that is a pale imitation of the original.    I would recommend waiting for a fresh serving of any dish.  This location needs to step up its game.   China Max located around town is better than this joint right now.
Just under$4 for a one-item craving at midnight isn't a bad deal. Husband and I circled the Excalibur food court on foot a couple of times before I settled on fast-Asian (over McD's, Popeye's, Schlotzky's, a smoothie place, Krispy Kreme, or Auntie Anne's).

Having no other meatless options I ordered just the fried green beans. They looked so over fried I sampled one first (samples are free, just ask). Thinking I could handle a full order I went for it. I finished off the night's supply. ($3.77)

A couple oil-soaked napkins later and a LOT of oily sauce at the bottom of my container and I ditched the beans for a much healthier donut. (Not kidding. Def healthier). 

Friendly service, especially for the time off night, but at least have one mixed vegetable option! (No, veggie fried rice doesn't count). I regret my food and restaurant choices.
I was craving Panda Express so I decided to make due with Pick Up Stix since we were staying at Excalibur. It was a terrible decision. I ordered the chow mein with green beans and some kind of chicken.  Everything on my tray was extremely salty and oily. Not only was the quality of the food lower than Panda Express, the price was also more expensive. $10 for a meal full of oil and salt? No thank you. Will definitely not be returning here ever again.
Encontré este negocio de casualidad navegando en Facebook https://www.facebook.com/pages/Mi-Tienda-Latina/138312079642544?fref=ts  vi en sus albumes de fotos de facebook que tenían productos de Argentina (y otros paises latinoamericanos) así que fui a ver que tal estaba.
Cuando llegué conocí al dueño, un señor muy amable y fui a ver directamente donde estaban las cosas de Argentina, me desilusionó la principio porque no habia muchas cosas en los estantes, pero cuando el señor vió que estaba en la sección de Argentina, me comentó que justo había recibido algunos productos argentinos, y comenzó a abrir cajas y sacar todo lo que había recibido, al final me fui con un montón de productos a mi casa, super contenta.
Desde esa vez ya volví varias veces, ahi se puede comprar yerba mate, mate, bombilla, dulce de leche, alfajores, terma, galletitas dulces, bizcochitos, chimichurri, sal parrillera celusal, dulce de batata, dulce de membrillo, tapas de pascualina la salteña, tapas/discos de empanadas la salteña, morcillas estilo argentino, chorizo estilo argentino y mucho más. Para Navidad además había traído pan dulce, budines, turrones.
Tambien tienen productos de otros países como Perú, Puerto Rico, Ecuador, Colombia, etc.
En comparación con otros lugares donde fui a comprar productos argentinos, aquí es donde mejor atención recibí, y los precios están más bajos que en el resto de los lugares. Además el dueño siempre está abierto a sugerencias para traer más productos.
que bueno que comentaste que encontraste productos argentinos. voy a ir a conocerlo. :)
Gracias Salette M Desde que me mude a AZ he buscado donde comprar yerba mate , siempre termino encargando on line que sale mas caro.

Mil gracias por el comentario

Barb.
Green curry is delicious :D
I will start off by saying that I was very hesitant to try this place.  The thai place that was housed here before this was very near and dear to my heart.  It was where a close knit group of friends and I often met to break bread and enjoy one another's company.  But I caved and gave it a chance...I'm glad I did!

I am a sucker for Pad Woon-Sen.  So of course, this is what I ordered.  I was excited when she asked me how spicy I wanted it and I quickly answered, "VERY!"  I got what I ordered!  A steaming plate of glass noodles mixed with chicken, mushrooms, broccoli, and other veggies.  It also comes with a side of rice.  The thing about this was that the level of spiciness is apparent throughout the entire dish.  It's not just an afterthought...it's cooked in so with each bite, you get that delicious flavor and a slow building heat...that I love!  

We also ordered a side of spring rolls that came with a clear and more "brothy" version of sweet and sour sauce.  It was not too sweet or too sour...it had a very yummy tang.  The spring rolls were very flavorful and crispy.  

I am really hoping that this place can last.  We need good Thai places out here in Maryvale.  I'm sure to be back and try some other dishes that will take me out of my comfort zone!
I have to confess, I didn't know the store closed at 9 (I flew in from a different time zone so I didn't know what time it was), we came in probably something like 8:40. Even though we were probably considered jerks (and we were!), we were treated like kings and the food was delicious. It's not the best Thai food I've ever had (that award goes to Golden Singha in Seattle), but it was very, very good. The service was impeccable and the portions were perfect.

I would return to this restaurant anytime, and to the people that served us: sorry we came in so late, really!
Excellent food.  Its a small mom and pop place.  So its  not a big fancy place like a pf chang .  Large menu and it changes every few months.  I have tried a few of their items on their menu and like everyone.  great place for Thai food.  I love it.
Wonderful Pad Thai! One of the few Thai restaurants that have a decent Pad Thai. There's no weird orange sauce here. Just a play of deliciousness! Definitely coming back.
I work behind this Thai restaurant, at first I was really upset when the old thai place closes but it's not bad at all. The portions are very good the staff treats you like family, and they also have very good lunch specials.
Really great Thai food with amazing prices! My favorites are the Pad Kee Mao and the Golden Fried Thai Rice! The place is small and feels like you're in their home! I'd definitely recommend it to everyone!
V good food I am vegetarian they cook v good veggie food i go there almost every  week I love Thai food is family own Resturent that r so good people good service red curry is my favorite
Random lunch stop and went for the usual chicken pad thai as I dined in the empty restaurant near the end of the lunchtime period. Only $6.95 for the entree and a crispy spring roll. The pad thai was a good version with bean sprouts, white chicken and some crushed peanuts hanging out on the side of the plate (maybe some more?). Their twist is the four pack of sauces that they give you when the entree arrives. One was a yellow powder that was supposed to be fiery and another was also a hot sauce, both of which I had to avoid, but good for hot food fans. I did try the light red sauce that was was kind of sweet and hot and added some flavor gringo style. Can't beat the service either when your the only one in the place.
Outstanding Thai food. Fresh and flavorful food in every dish.  My wife adores the red curry and the spring roll appetizer.   I've had a few things from the yellow curry to the pad thai.  Everything is worth getting twice! An absolute win. Be sure to try either the coconut ocean or the mango dessert both worth the trip alone.
Good food but small portions. the place is rarely packed but add the only Thai place in the area i'm not sure why it isn't more busy. Service is friendly and they provide vegetarian options.
Best Thai food in the west valley!  Nice variety of dishes.  The service is wonderful.  Very attentive and helpful.  I am always amazed at how fast the food is prepared and served.  I think the portion size is perfect for the lunch specials-I am full, but not tempted to be a glutton because it's too good to stop eating.  The prices are excellent.  The food is flavorful and fresh, and they can make it spicy like I like it and mild for my friends.  I are there for lunch and find myself wishing I could go back for dinner.  You have to try it..so good!
Best thai in Phoenix !!!! Mom and pop family style! true traditional thai, a true gem !
Never had a bad meal here, pad thai, pad kla plao,pad woon sen, panang, green, yellow and red curries are amazing!!! Truly the best
Me and my wife come here often the food is AMAZING as always im a huge Thai food person myself and I think this could be my favorite place to come to!!
Love this place! I get pad see ew here atleast once a week. The egg roles are also fantastic! Officially my favorite thai place EVER!
Solid food & service. I've only liked one Thai place but unfortunately it's on the far east valley. Looks like I've got a new one! :)
Love it. My goal is to try every dish on the menu.  So far everything is amazing.  Try it, you will not be disappointed.   Be sure to end your meal with a Mango and sticky rice. It's awesome.   There is only 10 tables but their service fantastic and fast.   Did I mention that they always make my daughter her own soup?  We'll she loves it too.
A friend and I went in for lunch. The menu is fairly small with not many choices but the food is very good. I had the yellow curry and practically licked the bowl when it was gone. My friend was very happy with his selection as well. I would definitely go back.
The people that own this place are some of the nicest people I've met in this town. The food was incredible too; especially the spring rolls.
This place is brand new with a nice comfortable atmosphere and I was told they are still working on the menu and it will be shortened because it's way too long. 

My first choice was discontinued from the menu so I went with what they call Com Ga Nuong. It was described as marinated grilled chicken with Ginger, Lemongrass, Shallots, and Garlic. It sounds really good. I've had this similar dish at a few other Vietnamese Places so I was expecting a different presentation. But the number one thing that bothered me about the dish was the lack of the flavors mentioned in the description. This dish at Pho Viet only was garnished with 2 pieces of cucumber and two tomato slices and it did come with a large portion of rice and a very mild fish sauce with very finely shredded carrots in the fish sauce. 

I also did sample the beef and meatball Pho. To me it was less flavorful than others I've tried but not awful and just OK.

Both meals were hot and fresh served in a timely manner. 

If you are in the area you should put them on your rotation and see what you think.

The owners are very welcoming to criticism as I did mention the lack of flavor to them in the chicken dish. 

2.5 rounded up for welcoming criticism.
My first 5 star review!

This place has the best pho I've ever had. Not best in AZ, best ever!  along with Really big vietnamese portions. totally legit if you ask me 

the staff is fast and efficient which is  what i look for in a restaurant  we ordered spring rolls and everyone got pho. however the vietnamese iced coffee was something newer that was introduces to me here it too was delicious. this was our first time  at (Pho Viet Vietnamese Restaurant) because it's a newer family establishment that just opened last week but i have a feeling the owners and staff-will be seeing me as a regular just for pho. did i also mention its authentic and cheap in price! which calls for perfect lunch with friends and family  on any given day.

the best part of my experience is the owners checked to see how everything was which never really happens in most family restaurants that ive been to...

keep up the great service !!!!!
Great service. The egg rolls were good except they only gave us one piece of lettuce for two egg rolls. I got the pho tai which would've been much better if the soup wasn't so salty. I also ordered a strawberry Boba but the Boba wasn't thoroughly cooked which is disappointing. I'm hoping they will improve because this place is close to my house and I'd love to become a regular.
Let me start of by saying that my "last meal" if i was ever on death row would be Pho. I love the stuff. Now that i said that, I had the best bowl of Pho i have ever had in the united states here. Period. I had the bowl with everything in it, I believe it is the first option under the Pho menu there. Everything about the bowl was perfect. The broth, noodles, the exact perfect ratio of the flank, tripe etc. The staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming which is something i havent experienced a lot in places like this. I had at least 5 or 6 people walk up to me making sure i was taken care of. Absolutely everyone working there were all smiles. Now if that werent enough the prices are incredible. My bowl was HEARTY. I can put down some Pho, and the portion had me completely stuffed. And it was like 8 bucks. Incredible bang for your buck. 

I would recommend this place to anybody and everybody. Absolutely go out of your way to come here. I not only intend to be back, but i can see myself very easily being a regular here. Incredible food, incredible price, incredible staff. And they serve beer. 

10/10
The Thai Tea is amazing as well as the Tara Bobba..this place has only been open since 5/16/13 and I feel like it has been open for longer Peter & Maggie are very friendly and go out of their way to make your experience a good one.
If this is the same Pho place that was here quite a while ago, and is now again open, and owned by the same mom & pop, it is fantastic!  I really need to go there again.  It's far from me, but worth every bit.  I shall expand my review after revisiting.
Holy Smokes this place is GOOD! No, it is freaking AWESOME! I am a HUGE pho fan, and eat it practically once a week. I noticed this place was opening and came across the yelp reviews. So I decided it was worth a try. For one, the place is aesthetically pleasing. It doesn't look like a shop that was transported from Vietnam, like the usual place with small tables, cheap/poor decorations, and looks run down. This place is clean yet traditional.
I ordered the shrimp spring rolls, which I've had in different states all over the U.S. These were the best. My BF who isn't die hard about the rolls ate one and said they were amazing. And he travels to Guam, Hawaii, and lots of other places.
I got the Pho, and it was the best I've ever had. Fresh, the broth was delicious and really carried the flavors of the star anise. It was SO good, I just went yesterday and want to go back today!
I also got a Taro Boba, which i've been obsessed with since I lived in Hawaii. Nobody here, in my neighborhood, has been able to make an amazing boba. Again, my BF drank half of mine and he doesn't even like boba! SOOOO GOOD!
*The only thing I could see them improving is maybe adding a TV in their little bar area. And that's just a personal preference. Their food is AMAZING. The staff and owners are really nice. I couldn't understand one of the waiters but he was still very nice.
Pho Viet is by far the best Pho restaurant I have ever been to. I ordered the #12 Pho with everything.  I also ordered the Fried Rice with chicken and beef.  I wanted to order a little of everything on the menu because each plate was so amazing I could only imagine how everything else must taste.  

The food was absolutely delicious and the staff was extremely friendly. Especially the owners and their son Peter. I'm not one to usually write reviews but I just had to tell everyone how amazing this place is. It was as if I was dining on the food of the gods... that's how good it was.   I live an hour from Pho Viet and I will gladly make this drive more often to dine in this heavenly place.
Excellent new restaurant. Only had Pho a couple of times, this was by far the best.
- Great portions, decadent flavoring, affordable prices, euphoric/speedy customer service and a modern/pleasant atmosphere.
I will definitely be returning in the near future.
Best Vietnamese Restaurant north of Camelback in Arizona.  It's better than Pho Avina, Angelina's, Viet Kitchen and Pholicious.  The have a wide variety of items to choose from that you would only find in Southern California.  It may seem pricey, but it's comparable to other Vietnamese Restaurants in the area and they do give you a good amount of food.  Everything tastes fresh, looks good, and smoothies are creamy (avocado=yum)!  Orders were taken quickly and accurately.  It's a new place and I do enjoy the cleanliness, decors and their authentic Vietnamese music.
This is the best pho I've had in the valley. Being a vegetarian, I called ahead to make sure they would be able to accommodate my needs. They made me a completely vegetarian pho - which was absolutely out of this world, soul-warming, face-glowing, asian soul phood (see what i did there?) phonomenal. The vegetarian spring rolls were very fresh, high quality, and my avocado smoothie had actual chunks of avocado in it. Aside from the food the service was excellent, they were very eager to please, and the space itself is extremely clean, nicely decorated, and not what you would expect from the outside. 

My boyfriend, who had never tried pho, is now a convert and we will absolutely be back. Probably later this week.
This is a very welcome addition to the Asian dining scene in the Valley. The food is excellent, as is the service and the atmosphere. The portions are generous, so I thought I would be bringing some part of the meal to take home. But because the food was so good, I ended up finishing everything. 

I love that this restaurant has dishes with the great flavors and great prices I've come to expect from my favorite Vietnamese restaurants, but the nice location and the  casual, modern relaxed atmosphere sets this apart from the others.
was apprehensive about this place seeing as how ive gone to the same place for pho for almost ten years. All of my fears where wiped away as soon as i walked in the door. The establishment is very very clean unlike alot of other strip mall pho spots ive been to. The staff is more than helpfull and extremely friendly but to top it off the Pho is out of this world AWESOME!!! I cant recomend this place enough!
I have been eating "pho" noodle soups now since 1985. Mainly all over Garden Grove Orange County California where the Pho phenomenon seems to have started. 
The way to judge a good bowl of Pho is by the broth.  Most Pho has good broth. But rarely do they have great memorable broths. Most people add some shiracha hot sauce and hoisen into the broth. Here it is not really  needed. This is the one of the best broths I have ever tried. Why would you want to mask these incredible flavors?  The chef will come out and greet you, he is eager to tell you about the merits of "his" broth. 
Pho  Viet has great broth as the base, with noodles fresh and properly cooked. The basil and vegetables are  another way to judge  Pho. When you are served pho soup, you will be presented with a plate of fresh basil, sprouts, greens, and maybe some other vegetable in which you will immediately break apart and add to the soup to intensify the flavors of the Pho. Here, the basil is so fresh! 
Many of the Pho soup variations have meats that most Americans are not comfortable eating such as tendons, tripe, etc , etc, you can order it without all of this such as just beef or chicken. Pho soup is not really about the meats anyway. It is all about the tasty broth and  rice noodles. 
The basil here is so fresh and fragrant it is as if it was picked minutes ago. The sprouts are fresh and crisp. MMMMM, great Pho!
The other day my friend had the chicken with lemongrass and ginger. The taste was great. You will also get a nice bowl of that heavenly soup broth with your meal. We both ordered the fresh spring rolls which had even more of that great fresh basil. 
As for service, this seems to be a family owned restaurant. I believe it may be ran by a brother and sister team.  They will treat you like family. Need I say more? For all those peoples who are not familiar with Vietnamese restaurants and have always wanted to try, come here. You will be yet anther "pho" convert. It has been opened for a few weeks now, I hope the chef keeps the "fresh" vision for years and years to come! 

P.s. If you feel unconfortable with chopsticks, just ask. They will bring you silverware.
A new top of the Pho list for me.

30 Flavors of Boba for starters sold me right out the gates.  I had the Lychee Boba and it was bomb.

Also ordered the crispy egg roll which was much bigger than normal which is a plus hopefully they keep them that size it's well worth the value.  Full of flavor and very crispy.

Last but not least the Pho.... 
The broth was clear like it should be also very nice flavor before even adding all my sauces and herbs.  

Overall this place is awesome and it's close to work so I see myself here at least bi-weekly.  They have only been open 3 weeks so far so I am sure it's going to get busier soon as it is the best around this area.
As soon as I figure out exactly what #56 on the extensive menu was beyond "chicken, rice, and crispy pickled vegetables" I'll tell you - but I can tell you now the name doesn't do it justice.  The food was delicious and in decent but not overwhelming quantity.   Service was attentive, solicitous, and friendly, and the dining area well-spaced, clean and appealing with a few well-placed nods to the orient, but not overdone, down to the low-key Viet pop music in the background.  And the price for this lovely plate of food in this very pleasant, friendly, family-run eatery: an amazing $7.99.   

  I have to mention the red rice that came with the meal. Expecting only the ordinary white sticky rice, this was a surprise, and a most pleasant one.  It was moist, reddish-orange in color, and full of satisfying flavor of it's own sufficient that we asked the staff what was in it.  We never got a definitive answer but whatever it is/was - it was not the traditional pile of tasteless stuck together white rice one might expect, and especially at so modest a price for so good a meal.  

As stated above, the dining room is clean and attractive and the tables well-spaced, un-crowded.  Service could not have been friendlier or more attentive, though the attention lavished on us may have partly been a factor of our being the only customers at the odd dining time of 4:30 on a Sunday afternoon.  

I don't know Vietnamese food very well at all, but I know what I like and Pho Viet did a wonderful job of providing it this afternoon.  I will be back to try more of the very affordable menu and enjoy the good service as well.
I first found out about this new vietnamese restaurant on the yelp app for "hot new businesses" and I wanted to try the place out after seeing the facebook pictures and reading other early yelp reviews. 

When I first walked in, immediately recognize that this wasn't your typical "pho shop" and enjoyed the modern decor for a change of view, the waiters greeted us with smiles and the owners were very nice! Everyone was helpful in every single way possible A+ for customer service; that alone will encourage me to want to repeat business. 

I had the springrolls and bo luc lac and both were very delicious - I only wish that they have a more like peanut buttery sauce for the springrolls but their sauce for it was good too! my mom had bun bo hue and she enjoyed that very much as well as talking to everyone there LOL


Though I haven't tried the pho yet, I'm itching to go back and try when I'm in the area for sure :)
This place is awesome! This one blows Pho Avina out of the water. The service is great, the place is clean, and the food is wonderful. They have a great selection of Boba smoothies for a hot day.  The Pho broth had nice flavor and they don't skimp on noodles or meat. I am from the Sedona area and try to make a point to stop for Pho when I am in Phoenix since it isn't something I can find locally. I will definitely be back.
The Pho here is very good and they give you a great amount of it for the price they charge. We tried the egg rolls as well and they're very good. 

The thing that I was bothered with was the Cripsy butter garlic chicken wings that we ordered. On there website they have a picture of this dish and it shows 6 wings on there and they charge $5.99 for them, which seems a bit much for me already. $1 per wing?! So we went and ordered them anyway and asked the waiter how many per order and he told us 5 in one order. But when they came out, there was only 4 in the plate and I had to ask them why. So he went back in the kitchen and asked the cook, and he came back and said that the cook gave us only 4 because one of the wings were a bit bigger (but to me they were just all regular size wings you get at the bar) So we ended up getting only 4 wings for $6+tax. Ridiculous!
The first thing I think of when someone tells me there's a Vietnamese restaurant I think hmmm, is the place going to be clean? since a lot of the Vietnamese restaurants around town are dives.  
To my surprise, this restaurant not only newly opened, is open, spacious, CLEAN and well decorated in a modern theme.  
The menu is extensive with the basic pho choice of rice noodles or egg noodles.  I decided to try their shrimp paste, pork chop, Vietnamese meat loaf over rice plate and a drink consisting of condensed milk, raw egg, and club soda.  
I was a bit queasy to try the drink but wanted something different~ as it turned out, the drink is tasty~ a bit like liquid custard.  I think it would taste even better with a bit of salt sprinkled in to enhance the flavor.  I have to laugh though since none of the other wait staff, including the owner has tried this drink even though it's on the menu!
The rice plate was good.  Everything tasty.  Only bit of turn off was the pork chop came out really greasy.  Had a layer of oil on both sides that I had to sop off with a couple of napkins.
The wait staff were friendly, so friendly in fact that they waved and hollered out good bye to me without giving me the check.  Lol.  Good thing I'm a honest customer and told them I had not paid yet!  
Overall, a very enjoyable experience.  Good location~ I hope they do well!!!
Great new Pho place, have been here twice now, service was good food was delicious had the chicken Pho and chow fun both were very fresh and tasty with large portion size. We will be back to try more..
Went there this weekend for the first time. The thought of soup on a warm, 120 degree day did not sound like a great idea, so we opted for rolls and a noodle dish. I am brand new to Vietnamese food, so the menu was pretty intimidating to a newbie. However, Maggie and Peter did a GREAT job explaining things to us while keeping our waters filled! Very friendly, VERY CLEAN, food was yummy. Please give this new restaurant a try and be sure to introduce yourself to Maggie and Peter..Super nice folks. I wish them luck!! Welcome to AZ.
Just went for dinner. Food was ok. Spring rolls were alright, could of used more flavors.  The pho was okay. I felt that the pho broth was too fatty. This flavor to me ruined the taste of the pho, especially towards the bottom of the bowl.  Also bathrooms on each side of the restaurant were a bit confusing.
Once again, Yelp helped us pick a winner.  Hubby was craving Pho, and FYI he is the big Pho expert in our house.  I just go along.  We were tired of Viet Kitchen, so I was excited to see a brand new Pho place not too far away.

Man oh man, so clean, modern, friendly,  5 stars just for being a pleasant environment.  But the proof was in the Pho and hubby was very very happy.  Boba was great.  Service excellent.   Menu is really extensive, so I was happy to have so many other choices.  lemongrass shrimp rice plate was nicely spicy, a little skimpy on actual shrimp, but the veggies tasted better anyway.  

Congrats to owners for opening and hope all goes very well.  

p.s. 43rd Ave and Bell is starting to be THE place to go for great food  (Here, Yen Sushi, and Mi Comida, BOOM, done!)
I can't say enough about this place. Staff is friendly, the place is beautiful and the food is mighty tasty. I am never steered wrong when I want to try a new item and even though this place has only been open for a short time, I feel like they are family. They get to know you and what you order as well as remember what you have ordered (and liked) in the past.  They are VERY attentive and want to ensure that you have a great experience. Do you have a question? Ask away! I keep coming back because it's like a home away from home...without the curfew.
Where do I start????

      I had a Daddy Daughter lunch date with my 9 month old and I was craving some good Vietnamese. It's a little hard to find its in a plaza tucked in on the end. 
      I was greeted immediately by a nice man and he found a nice table where I could park my stroller on the end. 

      This place is spotless! I was thrilled that usually means the kitchen is clean too. So I ordered the lunch special a regular sized bowl beef and meatball noodle soup with an egg roll and a Pepsi for 10.00 bucks. I was feeling like a fatty so ordered the butter garlic crispy chicken wings as an appetizer. 

       I finished it all!!! it was hot , fresh and Flavor bomb central. The staff was so attentive and friendly.....I was recently introduced to Vietnamese coffee with sweetened condensed milk so I ordered some and it was a great way to finish the meal. 

Definitely a great lunch spot and date spot too. I'm afraid that this place is going to be found by all lovers of Vietnamese and no longer be a Hidden Gem.....go you will be glad you did!
Sad that I have to write my disappointed update. 
1) I always order the same thing #13 which is $7.49. Today I went in for the first time in maybe 2 weeks. I noticed that they got larger bowls. Their last bowls barely fit the soup. Upon checkout, I was charged $8.49 per bowl (I went with my BF). The man who checked me out said we charge you $1.00 more because the bowl is bigger. I never asked for a bigger bowl, I was just given it. How can you charge more to people than what the menu states? Not good.

2) I say ok fine, and pay. My total was $23.17 for 2 bowls & a boba. I handed the man $25.45 and he gave me back $1. 63?!?!?! I said UM this is not my correct change. It should be $2 plus change. The man said oh sorry my mistake and gave me 4 quarters, and a one dollar bill. THEN as I'm putting my change in my purse, the man took the $1 bill off the counter & put it in a tip jar behind the counter or something. I thought he was crazy. I had already left a $5 tip on the table.

I looked at my boyfriend and said mmmm, nope. Maggie & her brother are really nice, but won't be coming back for awhile after this poor experience. =( So super disappointed by this. I felt kinda cheated...
So........................

I've been told that the best way to judge a Vietnamese restaurant, especially its pho, is by the broth. Specifically the pho bo, tai, nam, chin ,gan ( beef broth )....etc, etc. This place is OFF THE CHAIN!!!!!! I've had several places that do pho very well, but hands down this is my favorite place. I found out about it after a month or so of it opening and I'm really glad i did. Great cozy atmosphere, everyone is SUPER nice,  especially Maggie ).
:-) 

This is a MUST GO for anyone in the area, and if you aren't in the area....... get in your preferred method of transportation and GET THERE, like ASAP! 

Happy dining at Pho Viet
I really, really liked this place.  It was big, clean and in a good location in regards to where I work.  The people were really friendly and greeted you right away.  I ordered the Chicken Pho and it was amazing!  The broth had a great flavor and really hit the spot.  They give you a lot of fixings (bean sprouts, jalapenos, etc).  I also tried the egg rolls and they were pretty good.

I am a fan and will return to try some of their other items!
Found this in my rear view mirror as I was leaving the parking lot. 
Turned around and went in to pick up a to go order of Pho.
The place is very new and very clean.
The staff was very friendly.
Pho was excellent.
Plastic wrapped spring rolls rolls were off putting and did not taste fresh.

Edit 4/29/14
So after two visits since my first review, the springs rolls have been fresh and great tasting. Upping to 5 stars.
So Glad they were open late !! Yum
HOLY PHO-CKEN SHIZZ PARTY PEOPLE!  I love this place!  Not only was the food OUTSTANDING but the people running the joint were awesome.  My daughter loves Pho Ga so I took her and my wife here last night for dinner.  We had originally planned on going to Nam Sao (our go to joint) but found it closed for remodeling.  Fate had intervened.

Just to get the pho out of the way, my daughter and wife both loved their Pho Ga.

I on the other hand absolutely LOVED the Com Dac Biet combo plate.  Every bite was amazing.  The grilled pork and chicken had that familiar Vietnamese smokey grilled taste.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly.  The broken rice perfect and the side of clear soup I got was out of this world.  My favorite thing on the plate, the shrimp paste and the meatloaf.  This is the perfect meal.

You cant go wrong here.  I will be back, again and again...
First visit: staff very loud  in communicating with each other. Food was good but dry had to use soup to try to bring some moisture to rice , chicken and egg rolls. May give it another try
I live right near this place and I watched as it got ready to open. I love Vietnamese food so I was pretty anxious to try it. I was not disappointed. The staff was very friendly. The food was fresh and delicious. The place was kept very clean. 

There are a couple of other Vietnamese restaurants in the immediate area but they are nowhere near as good as this one.
The pho was good! It was my first time having pho and it had a strong clove flavor(a spice) i don't particularly like clove so it was hard for me to love the pho.  I don't know know if it taste like that everywhere but i will ask next time i decide to have it somewhere else.  If it wasn't for that particular taste i would have loved it .
Good atmosphere and clean. If you are looking for authentic pho this is not the place.  Veg was not as fresh as it should be, soup had very little flavor for the broth and combo bowl was very small (disappointing).
Diverse menu, happy staff, colorful ambience. Will return again! Pho tai is excellent with great broth flavor.
We tried this out tonight, and are completely impressed by every part of the experience. I got the noodle soup with the beef and it was phenomenal. The beef is cut extremely lean, no fat whatsoever on the meat, and the broth was rich and delicious. My wife got a chicken, noodle and vegetable plate (don't remember exactly what it was called) and the portion was so large that it could have fed both of us.

The service was great, the turn around for the food was quick, and I can't wait to go back.
Stopped in here after searching Yelp on my way home.  My hunger was getting the best of me.

I had the dinner special - a bowl of soup, spring roll and tea.

the rice paper wrapped spring roll was rather nice and refreshing.  I liked it so much I bought two more to take home for lunch the next day.

The soup (noodle with beef) was OK.  I added on extra noodles (though i did not think it looked like extra noodles).  It was just an ok bowl of soup. 

Service was attentive and friendly.

I think I will be back to see if it is better (per the yelpers) the second time.
This is the closest Vietnamese place near my workplace, so it works for me when I'm craving pho. I usually order the spring rolls and rare beef pho, they use cucumber slices in the spring rolls (which I don't particularly care for) but everything else still tastes pretty good. I like the service and I'll definitely continue ordering here.
Cleanest and greatest viet places I have ate at... Love it definitely will be coming back
Rad place, great food, service was awesome and made us laugh....if ur wanting and dam good bowl of Pho its a most!!!
This place is simply amazing. This shrimp fried rice is addicting and the soup is phenomenal. Me and my husband have decided to make it our new Vietnamese restaurant. Why not check out next door to for a great massage. We did both!
A cure for the first time. The people are very pleasant, helpful, and very courteous. The food was absolutely delicious. We are definitely coming back.
3.5 stars. 

My new favorite pho place in Arizona!

My parents house is only 20 minutes away from Little Saigon in Cali so I've always had my pick of good Pho. This place is pretty darn good, beats my usual pho spot, Pho Thanh in Phoenix. The broth is very flavorful and they have a good assortment of Vietnamese dishes. Prices are standard for this area. 

Normally I get the rare beef with flank or brisket, but I got it with just flank this time. Flank was more fat than meat so not sure if I'll get this here again. Maybe they just didn't have much meat today. Last time I got the rare beef with brisket, that was tasty . Regular size bowl is plenty of food, I usually can't finish it all. Got the Banh Xeo  today and though it was very flavorful and packed with shrimp, sprouts and onions, it was undercooked in some areas :( We've ordered the spring rolls before to go and they were good. 

My favorite thing here though is their Lychee smoothie, its soooo good. They must put ice cream in it or something, its amazingly creamy and flavorful. I know they have many flavors but I always have to order this when I'm here!

Big, clean restaurant, fast service, nice decor. Will definitely be back!
This place has good food and friendly service.  Dont let the outside fool with you. definitely a place I would go back to you. there is a variety on the menu that I still need to taste
I was initially looking forward to visiting this Vietnamese restaurant because of the high ratings on Yelp. The interior gave a modern feel as the red, black, and light wood décor was spaciously arranged with slow natural lighting coming through the windows.

The Com Ga Nuong ($7.50) came with pieces of chicken grilled to perfection. It was marinated with ginger, lemongrass, shallot, garlic, and served with pickled veggies and steamed rice. The chicken was moist and juicy, but the flavors on the marinade and pickled veggies were faint. The dish had promise, but the flavors were kept too safe and failed to stand out. The dish also came with a bowl of over-salted soup which I could not finish. 

The server kept asking me if I wanted to order something else. Feeling pressured, I ordered the Taro Boba ($3.99) since he said it would be made with real taro. The quality of the boba was decent at best, but the drink was made with powder instead of fresh taro.

I then turned to the female server to inquire about the drink. She said they don't have fresh taro in the restaurant and that the drink was made with powder. Moments later, the sever came back to reassure the drink was made with real ingredient. I was visibly upset by then, so the server went outside for a few minutes before returning to my table to say, "We grind up real taro into powder so it can be mixed into the drink." Since I make boba drinks at home, I can guarantee you that such practice is not only unusual, but this guy must be delusional or in the midst of a cover up.

The owner of the restaurant noticed that I was extremely dissatisfied about being lied to, but did not address the issue to intervene. The second server was at fault too since she did not comp the drink or bring it to the ownership's attention. I told her, "I wouldn't have ordered this drink if I know it's not made with real taro."

I have been eating taro since childhood so I can distinguish those that are artificially made. To insist that they were telling the truth, after the second server had already admitted to the error, earned them a zero star for 1) up selling their customers, 2) dishonesty, 3) lack of intervention and apology to fraud, 4) indifferent ownership.

I would never come back to support this business and encourage the public to do the same.
Really good food. I ordered soup and an a dinner entrée. The soup could have been dinner.
The Pho is good and the service is great.  They are always friendly, welcoming, and quick, even when busy.  I get much more meat in my pho at this place than I have anywhere else.  The inside is clean and modern.
I've been to plenty of pho restaurants in the valley and this is by far the best one! the service is fast and friendly (especially Maggie) and the food is out of this world. I highly recommend this place
Great place to get your pho fix.  The prices are decent and they also sell the Vietnamese pancake.  If you're craving Chinese wonton soup try the me noodles.
I read about this place when it appeared in a ROTD (Review Of The Day)  So this is my first visit. I didn't know what to expect however I was excited to try this establishment because I love soup especially this time of year. There is nothing like a bowl of pho on a cold day. In addition it isn't that far from where I live.

I must say I'm quite impressed with this place. As you might know from reading my reviews I rarely give a restaurant a 5 rating. To get a 5 the food & service must be over the top. It must have that " Wow factor" and Pho Viet Vietnamese Restaurant has that wow factor. First off when my wife & I walked in we were  immediately greeted by the owner Nghi and our waiter Hong with a resounding "Happy New Year". The place wasn't busy so we were seated right away.

While my wife went to get my glasses that I left at our house I ordered our drinks (Root beer for Carol and hot tea for me). The first thing that impressed me with the tea it was made with real tea leaves instead of the tea being in bags. I then ordered us an appetizer of Cha Gio Eggrolls (Crispy rolls filled with pork, shrimp, crab meat served with vegetables).

I asked our waiter Hong what he recommended since this was our first visit here. He suggested the Pho Tai. 

When Carol got back and tasted the Cha Gio Egg roll she raved about how tasty the egg roll was. I told her Hong suggested we get the Pho Tai (PHO noodle soup with sliced rare tender beef). We both ordered the Pho Tai. Carol  and I usually see eye to eye on most things taste-wise (food, music, etc.,) so I wasn't surprised she loved the food here especially the Pho. All I can say is the Pho here is awesome. The Pho broth was tasty and fresh and while at first glance the portions didn't look that big, the Pho was extremely filling. The beef in the Pho was tender In terms of taste, the Pho was delicious!  Plenty of noodles, fresh basil, bean sprouts and jalapenos and lime on the side. This even before you add Sriracha Sauce or Hoisin Sauce to the broth. The broth was just the right amount with a like amount of meat. The soup was actually good (not watered down) I was so full by the time I finished eating. If you want to leave a restaurant with a full belly and a smile on your face this is the place to be. I can definitely see myself becoming a regular here. They have a huge variety of Pho in addition to an extensive menu of Vietnamese dishes so the Pho is just one of the things that makes you want to come back.

To finish off my meal I got a Lychee smoothly.  It was outstanding. Plus they give you a large straw so you can slurp down every delicious drop.
 
FOOD: Everything was cooked to perfection I thought my mouth was having a PHO party. The Pho was so flavorful the broth warmed my belly with delight. It was soooooooooooooooooooooo good. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern and clean interior. SERVICE: I KID YOU NOT, there are Vietnamese restaurants out there providing excellent customer service.  And Pho Viet Vietnamese Restaurant is one of them. CONCLUSION: Hungry? Do you like Vietnamese food? Of course you do, who doesn't like pho, right? This place is nice & clean and plenty of parking. The service was excellent and the food came out pretty fast. The staff also seemed very nice. The décor was awesome and the prices were good too. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies!
RETURN FACTOR: 100%

 ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
Went to this place once! They just open and I had a bad service. The server did not remember 2 order of mine and when he brought my bowl of Pho he messed it up. He did ask me if I ever had Vietnamese food before ( i was insulted when he said that). Well I am ASIAN and i had plenty of Vietnamese food. Especially when I use to live around Westminster and garden grove. The Pho was okay I would recommend to reduce the amount of cinnamon put in the broth.
My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this establishment while looking for a cure to our PHO desire. We recently moved to the opposite side of town so didn't have a particular place...until now. Friendly, laid back atmosphere, good food, fair prices has made this our new Viet place. The hot green tea I ordered was great and freshly made, as a vegetarian I recommend the vegetarian spring rolls (#3)
I do not know much about Vietnamese food, I have been to Vietnamese restaurants only 3 times.

But my friend at work treated me to lunch for my birthday and I was craving a soup, so I looked for pho and found this place.

It was easy to find and with plenty of parking.

Everyone in there was super friendly and nice. Great service and very accommodating.

I think I had #16 (PHO soup w/sliced rare tender beef, flank, tendon, tripe) and it was outstanding. My friend had pho with chicken, shrimp and extra veggies.

I cannot speak about drinks because we had only water, but I am looking forward to go back and try the milk coffee.  : )
I told you I wanted to become a regular here so here I am again with my wife. Immediately upon entering Nghi (the owner) thanked me for my review and welcomed us back. Other than the gal behind the counter who was there during our last visit  everyone there was all different. None of which introduced themselves. I must say I was a slightly disappointed about this. That being said I must admit ALL of them were extremely attentive and helpful. Especially (I'll call her the gal behind the counter since I don't know her name).

We started off with an appetizer of Cha Gio Egg rolls. We both totally enjoyed them. In fact this is the second time we ordered them.

Anyway after (the gal behind the counter) made several suggestions we finally ordered the Cha Gio eggrolls again. For our entrees my wife Carol got root beer then ordered Bun Thit  Nuong (Grilled pork , egg roll, lettuce, mint, bean sprouts. She moderately liked it. But thought it was just OK. She enjoyed the Pho much better. 

I ordered hot tea and for entrée I ordered the Com Thit Nuong, Bi, Cha, Tau Hu Ky (Grilled Pork, Vietnamese meatloaf, shrimp paste over steamed rice. Like my wife Carol I thought it was OK but liked the Pho much better. 

After my meal I got a Mocha smoothie with Boba. I didn't like the Boba all that well so next time I'll just skip it.

FOOD: Everything was fine but not my favorite dishes . I liked the Pho much better. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern and clean interior. SERVICE: Outstanding. Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.  CONCLUSION: Very filling meals. This restaurant is spotless. The prices are excellent. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies!
RETURN FACTOR: 100%

 ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
This is a great, family run business with yummy pho! You should definitely try them out! Spring rolls and phone dac biet are d'lish!!
First time here and we really enjoyed our Pho and boba! My honey is pretty critical about Pho and he enjoyed it, said it was better than his Mom's! Now that is saying something! I ordered the Chicken Pho and taro boba, both were perfect! We also ordered the summer and spring rolls that were delicious as well! We will definitely be back!
the food is terrific!  maggie waited on us and she is just adorable and friendly.  we've tried a few other pho places around town and this is the best, our new placw for pho
Great service and great food. Definitely recommend it to anyone looking for great food and people!
I have a few favorite go to pho spots, but i decided to try this because it was the closest to me. That being said i'm glad i did. I loved that you could really taste the clove in the pho, some places have started to get bland with their flavoring but this was on point. The egg rolls were as good as the ones from my favorite spot too. Our waitress was really cool and my son asked if we could start coming to this one so enough said. The only reason i gave it 4 stars was because i'm use to the cheaper prices at my spot and bigger bowls but don't let that stop you from coming the FOOD IS GREAT and worth it! we'll be back!
The pho was delicious, spring rolls, and egg rolls. The waitress was friendly had a nice atmosphere.
Food is probably a 3.5 but I'm rounding up to support my people's small businesses.  I ordered a rice dish and it had pretty authentic flavors but the thit nuong (grilled pork) was too dry.  I love Vietnamese egg meatloaf (cha) and the little piece I had was good but not warmed up enough. The bi (shredded pork skin) was very good and reminded  me of home. I had a sample of the pho broth and thought it had too much anise flavor without the depth of the meat bones.  Not sure if I'd eat pho if I came back but there are other dishes that looked good like banh xeo and papaya salad with liver and beef jerky, which i haven't been able to find anywhere else in AZ! Prices are also a little more than I'd except from a Viet restaurant.
This place has very delicious, aromatic, authentic pho. Regretfully, the prices and the portions of the soups offered do not honestly reflet the generosity you may find at an heirloom Vietnamese restaurant. The staff is wonderful and the atmosphere is clean and modern. (IE: There isn't an old lady sitting in the corner reading a Vietnamese newspaper swatting flies) A potential 5/5 restaurant once they offer some sort of compromise on the pricing and/or portions of the pho they serve. Need a more affordable place with munificent portions? Look no further than Da Vang or Pho Thanh...
My wife & I have eaten here several times  since our first visit. Each time I have tried something different. My wife Carol gets her favorite PHO Soup. But I must say it is the PHO and the spectacular service that keeps us coming back again and again.   

Each time we bring new people who haven't tried Pho Viet Restaurant yet and they all liked it a lot. 

FOOD: PHO is delicious. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern and clean interior. SERVICE: Outstanding. Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.  CONCLUSION: Very filling meals. This restaurant is spotless. The prices are excellent. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies! RETURN FACTOR: 100%

******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
I have no idea what I ordered but it was meat broth and veggies. 

The meat was supposed to be meatballs but was more of a sausage. The veggies were all good and te broth was awesome after adding it all together. 

The staff was really cool, checking on me and refilling waters etc. 

I liked it but and still scared....

PS great for a head cold!
I have been here 5 times in the past 3 weeks. The food is spectacular and the service is wonderful. Peter recommends a dish and every time is better than the last. The coffee is so good that I dream about it. I recommend this to everyone!!! :-)
My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our first experience at Pho Viet today. For starters, our waitress was so friendly she made us immediately feel comfortable. We were both able to get the 10 dollar combo special, which comes with a bowl of Pho, a  spring roll or egg roll, and a drink. The spring rolls were so fresh, the best I've had anywhere. I ordered number 31, Pho Ga, which is Pho soup with tender chicken. The broth was so tasty, seasoned perfectly. My husband got number 30 Pho Tom, PHO soup with premium shrimp. It had so many pieces of actual shrimp, we were both so surprised! 
We will definitely be going back soon!
Really considerate and friendly servers/family and a vast menu that never leaves me bored or wanting more. Plus, you can get a bowl of their Pho, a Spring Roll/or Egg roll, and a drink for $10 which is more than enough for one person. This restaurant reminds me of home in Orange County and I will definitely be back again.
Let me start by saying, I love this place!! We found it by accident when they were having their grand opening. It's one of my favorite places to stop for lunch on Friday after a busy week!

We always start with Goi Cuon, steamed shrimp, pork and vegetable spring rolls. They are wrapped in rice paper and served with peanut sauce. I could eat these all day!

There are many choices on the menu. The pho is very good and flavorful! One of our favorites is #59, Com Dac Biet. It has shrimp, pork, chicken, shrimp paste, Vietnamese meatloaf and a few other things. The food is fresh. Portion sizes are good. 

The service is excellent. Everyone remembers us from previous visits, and they always make us feel welcome.

Look and feel inside is clean and modern. 

Highly recommend! And while you're there, don't forget to try a tiger beer!
Quality quality & quality !!! We love it, always fresh, always clean, service is always fast & friendly! Everything we've tried here is sure above 4 starts! I also really sensitive comes to seasonings, not having any problem at all ! We are happy happy & happy !
I'm really happy we stopped here for lunch. Food was pretty good. Had to have some boba drink. I recommend that definitely.
Came here tonight for the first time, I loved that it was so clean, the staff very friendly, the food delicious!!!! Definitely will be back!!! So glad I live up the street and won't have to travel so far for my addiction of spring rolls and peanut sauce!! The shrimp pho was delicious! Portions were good, prices I felt were good, my husband and son both enjoyed it and they aren't really fans of this type of food and they both loved it!
My buddy and I came this place after attempting to go to another Vietnamese restaurant, Nam Sao and found out it was closed due to fire. 

When we walked in the first thing I noticed was how clean it was. Some places I have been look dingy and have an off smell. Not this place. 

I ordered a rice vermicelli bowl with grilled pork, pork skin and egg rolls. We ordered spring rolls to share and my buddy got a bowl of pho. My friend was so impressed he told me to taste the broth. It was amazing! Layers of flavors and you could taste the herbs and spices. I decided then and there it would be the next thing I would order there. And while I was craving the bun, I was regretting not getting the pho. 

However, my dish was great. The pork was grilled perfectly. Some places seem to have a real problem overcooking pork when it's thin and grilled. The egg rolls were very flavorful as well. 

My friend has already recommended this place to some friends and I'm dying to go back.
Friendly spot with a TV and great food! Prices aren't bad and the seating is nice and comfortable. The menu is hard to understand because it's not
Love this place for pho!! best service and best food!
Saw this on yelp while looking for boba smoothies,great choice.had spring rolls,grilled pork sandwhich and smoothies.everything was very good,can't wait to try more things on the menu.
I just had lunch at Pho Viet and I always order my favorite dish which is Co'm Chien or fried rice with jumbo prawns and chicken. You can get whatever meat you want in your friend rice and that's the best part about Pho Viet!

Also check out their new t-shirt design. The grey shirt made me laugh. It is the trend that every Pho restaurant in the world or this country must design their funny Pho shirt now. Pho Ga! I love it!!!

There are new items such as Vietnamese sandwiches on the menu besides Pho and Bobba that you can try but I always go back to my favorite fried rice to the first day that I tasted it when I first worked at Pho Viet during their Grand Opening. Great Vietnamese food, great memories, great family and friends at the restaurant. Say hello to all of the family at Pho Viet when you see them! It doesn't matter who you are. They are the friendliest and the best to make you feel right at home.
The Pho and spring rolls are my favorite. I stumbled on this place as it's close to my home, and really like it. Nice open atmosphere, friendly service.
I need to travel to AZ more often just to eat Vietnamese food.  Was on my way to the airport and it was early so I saw this place and decided to drop by. I got the Bun Bo Hue and the sausage spring rolls.  I'm so happy that there are still some vietnamese places that would use deep bowls not the wide shallow bowls!!!!  My Bun Bo Hue had the pork hock and the sausage spring rolls were refreshing. I went to the airport very happy ;)
15 STARS!!!!!!

Birthday dinner, AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Best Vietnamese food and customer service in Arizona.  The Spousal Unit tried a Com Dac plate tonight and loved it.  I foresee many, many more lovely evenings at Pho Viet.

Did I mention I love the peoplez running this joint?  Hell yeahzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!!!!!
Since PHO's menu is so extensive I can always try some thing differed  to eat and that is always mouth watering bowl of PHO that is guaranteed  to  satisfy . Especially when suggested by the son of the owner. Every suggestion by him has be short of amazing. YES were hooked on this place,  yes were regulars, there, yes we know every one there. and yes this is out favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town.

Peter the owners son ha even made suggestions to try different n00dles to replace the ones that cone with them and all I can say is each time he does the soup gets better ad better! 

FOOD: PHO is delicious. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern. Exceptionally clean.  Bathrooms are very clean,.SERVICE: Outstanding. Everyone is very attentive, providing  excellent customer service.  CONCLUSION: Very filling meals. This restaurant is spotless. The prices are excellent. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies! RETURN FACTOR: 100%
              
        *********** What does my OVERALL rating mean? **************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
Just got take out.....Awesome! !!! If you have not tried Vietnamese food, try this place. The inside is very clean and the service is great. They accidentally gave me 2 large soups but said not to worry they did not charge for it. Highly recommended
Excellent Spring Rolls and Excellent Pho.  I had the Pho with little bits of everything.  They had Soda Chanh as well.  Got some Viet Iced Coffee to go and enjoyed every last drop.  
Spring rolls were very delicious, their peanut sauce needed a little hoisen added as it wasn't as good as most places, not saying it was bad, but I have had better.  

The pho broth was very good, they didn't have jalapenos to add to my soup, but it was not a problem.  The meat was tender, maybe a little lacking, I would have preferred more meat, maybe next time I will ask for extra meat.

Bonus note, they take AMEX!
SUMMER IN AZ IS COMING. YOU'LL REGRET NOT TRYING THE BOBA HERE.
 I have enjoyed a great bowl of pho here a few times. The many times I do come in is because I am addicted to the boba smoothies. But lets start with the Pho.

Food:
I am the type of person who probably loves the broth more than everything else and being a native Californian we have many gear pho House. The broth here was excellent. It just mixed and sat well in my belly. Chicken and beef plates were grilled and marinated just right. Egg rolls were the 2nd best I've ever eaten. (I've had MANY egg rolls in these 26 years of life)

Boba:
This is separate from food due to it being a gift to mankind. I've tried 6 different flavors, all great but all time favorites: 1) mango 2)coconut
Boba, as you first sip, she captures you with her smooth, ice cold texture, then the boba create a game changer from drink to food, as the perfect combo is there.. Then comes the silky smooth milk taste of mango to pull you back in.... 

Customer service and decor: awesome!
The smell is the first thing to hit you when you walk in.. Its just so dang fresh. I am always greeted and feel like I'm at a friends House when I go there.
Went in with my BFF last week for our first visit .  We each ordered beef pho.  She had the number 13 Pho tai (?) and I had 12 I forget the name but was the beef pho with tripe tendon beef and meatball.  My friend is more the 'connoisseur' of pho.   Really tunes in to the broth flavors wherever we go.  Says if its more fishy or weak.  She said this was in her top 2 faves.   I basically just say if i like something or not and i did love it. she said it was a tie with Angelina's.  Pho Viet's  broth was so flavorful and even though it was 117 degrees outside, we just wanted to drink it!

 We also ordered their #8 appetizer crispy butter garlic wings.  The order came out to us quite Non-crispy and were actually raw in the middle.  The busboy took them from us right away apologizing and as we were waiting I believe it was the manager that came out to again apologize and ask if we wanted anything else while we waited for new wings.  (Very handsome BTW).  We didn't , and when our server brought the new wings they were incredibly delicious.  Nice and crispy , not sure what the spices/seasoning was but it was potentially addictive .  Taking a long shot guess but Asian 5-spice?  We will for sure be back for the wings and  venture around the menu!
So I'm always on the look out for good Pho.  It's one of my staples when it comes to food.  
I visited this place as it's near my work.  I walked in and was instantly greeted by a staff member that seated me at one of the tables which had a number on it.  I assume it's for waiting purposes.
I asked for a tea, and was surprised when I got a green tea.  it was very tasty though, so no complaints there. After about ten minutes, my pho showed up, and it was decent.  The broth was a little bit less flavorful than I'm used to, however it was still tasty.  They offered a full list of usual Pho ingredients and the pricing was inexpensive.  
I can say with certainty that I will be back!
Went back again today. I got the pho with rare beef, tendon, tripe and beef balls.  It was so good.  My soup was suppose to also have brisket and flank but I told them to hold it.  With me holding the two other proteins, I thought I would get more other proteins but I didn't.  oh well, it was still good maybe I should ask next time.  I also got the shredded pork with pork skin spring rolls, the skin was tough to eat so I will stick with my pork sausage spring rolls.
I love the options they had here, they don't skimp you on noodles or meat. I got one of the special pho's and it was amazing. I kept pulling out different meats all the time. I am really glad there is a pho place like this around me and I don't have to travel down to tempe/mesa anymore. 

Sandwich is good, the bread to toppings ratio could be better (less bread would be good).  Didn't try and spring rolls when i was there, next time i will.

Also they have hilarious shirts.
Ordered the Pho Gha. Broth could have used a little more complexity in flavor but the table ready condiment selection added some zazz. I would return.
They have awesome Pho Thai here at very reasonable prices. The thin slices of beef aren't fatty either! The staff is very friendly every time I come here as well. If you are in the mood for Pho Thai, I'd definitely recommend this place. One of the best I've found in the valley so far.
Massive menu. Great pho and a lot of other options- including great little apps. The lunch crowd files in and almost fills the place up. We will certainly be back with our brood!
My boyfriends parents treated us to dinner here Saturday night. This was my first time  eating at a Vietnamese restaurant. While I looked over the menu I gawked at how many options there were! There are over 100 different combos to choose from. I ordered the # 74, Grilled shrimp, grilled chicken, shredded pork & pork skin, and Vietnamese meatloaf over steamed rice. My food was very tasty. Everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy what they ordered as well which ranged from Pho soups, to something with lemongrass, and these cute little coffees. They also had a few different sauces on the tables to choose from like hot, duck, sircha, etc. which were very good. I also discovered what boba slushies were! I had no idea these tasted so good. I am hooked. The servers were very nice and the atmosphere was very peaceful. I do plan on visiting again in the near future.
I love Vietnamese food. Today, I come with my bf who didnt like Vietnamese food, but he is crazy on it now!! (Thanks!!!!) 
Really love the Pho, and rice dishes. I'm gonna visit again soon. :D
My first impression of the place is, it's visually clean and spacious with great interior decor. The service was quite nice but lacking here and there. For example, I ordered a Soda Xi Muoi (Plum Soda) but there was no taste of the soda at all. When I asked one of the server if she might have given me a Chanh Xi Muoi (Plum Lemonade) instead because I couldn't taste any soda in my drink, she immediately said it was definitely the correct order. Now, I honestly could care less if they had given the wrong order or if the soda was left out too long and lost all of its bubble. What bothered me is that after voicing out my concern, there wasn't any offers to remake the drink or any attempts to double check if it was the correct drink. 
As for the taste of the food, i'd give it 2.5 stars. 
Bun bo hue: lacked flavor and smell
Nem nuong: okay though more meat wouldve been better
Chicken pho: a bit bland, though i must say, the noodle's texture was great. 
I absolutely would not recommend the smoothies. I understand that most viet restaurants do use powder in their smoothies but for a strawberry smoothie to taste like toothpaste.. I honestly cannot defend it no matter how hard i try.
Been there 5 or 6 times. Food is very good, place is always clean, and staff is friendly. Just a nice little family owned restaurant. I highly recommend.
I had high expectations for this place because it has high ratings. My hu tieu dac biet was just okay. I came here with 3 other people and everyone else thought the food sub par as well.  

They give a lot of noodles which is a plus, but the soup was tasted heavily of msg and they skimp on the meats and veggies.

There were not a lot of people there (probably cause it was 2pm). We got seated quickly and service was good. Overall it was an okay experience, but I think I prefer the Vietnamese restaurant inside Lee Lee Asian supermarket!
Pho Viet has quickly become one of my favorite spots to eat at. I love their pho the most, but their bahn mi is great too. Their mocha and taro boba are the best options in my opinion. Their service is also excellent. They have some of the most friendly servers in the business.
Our first time at this brand new restaurant and I am please to say it was a first class experience.

We visited for lunch just a couple of days after opening so expected them to still be working things out but everything went smoothly. As a Brit I had to go with their $6 Fish & Chips. For that price I expected a smaller portion but the two pieces of fish were a decent size and it was more than enough for lunch. The fish was tasty and the batter cooked perfectly. Served with Tartar sauce and lemon, these guys understand how to cook my national dish (they even had malt vinegar for the chips ... bloody marvelous!).

My lunch companion enjoyed two 'delicious' fish tacos and also said it was the right amount for lunch. 

Well priced, friendly service and a very cool look to the restaurant makes SoCal Fish Company a place I will be returning to again.
I have been dying for this place to open. Dying. I drive by four times a week on the way to and from work, and we visit the Saturday farmer's market across the street every other week, so the wait was killing me.

Well, it was worth it.

Stopped by a few days into their soft open for takeout lunch. The place is beautiful but small, a feature that gives it the feel of a little hole-in-the-wall beach taco joint. There are only six or eight little tables inside the narrow building, but there's a great patio out back with a dozen or more mister-cooled 4-tops shaded by umbrellas. The staff was friendly, prompt, and seemed eager to become part of the growing downtown Gilbert food scene. 

The blackened grouper tacos were nicely seasoned with a tasty spice blend, but they weren't blackened, if you want to get technical. On the other hand, I don't know how you'd properly blacken a fillet less than an inch or so thick without overcooking it, and I'll take delicious over overcooked any day. The fish portions were ample, and the flavor wasn't drowned out by toppings or sauce, though there were a couple cheese "crumbles" the size of walnuts that I had to break up with my fork. The small (but appropriately-sized) sides of jasmine rice and pinto beans were cooked and seasoned perfectly.

My only knock was the sauce/salsa served on the side. It was plenty tasty, but had a distracting number of inch-long fibrous strands of lemongrass or something similar in it. The flavor was fine, but it could've used another couple pulses in the blender or quick trip through a coarse-mesh strainer.

Hopefully they'll have a takeout menu or website with a full menu by the time I visit again. With fresh food, a nice variety of fish (and other) tacos, and good service, I have a feeling there won't be much room to sit once word gets out about this place.
I give the homemade clam chowder a four out of five stars.....so good - Only thing missing is an ocean view!
My wife and I have been waiting for weeks for the So-Cal Fish Taco Company to open in downtown Gilbert. We are locals who frequent four great restaurants already in that section of town (e.g., Postino, Joe's B.B.Q., Oregano's, and Liberty Market).  

First impression matters: It was crowded on the first Friday night opening. We were told there was a one hour wait.  This helped us decide on takeout.  

The fish tacos were nice and crunchy, but we felt that there could have been more fish sauce & cotija cheese.

The carnitas tacos were a little dry to us.  The beans tasted as if they were canned beans.  In house cooked beans have a fresher taste to them.  

As Parents we were concerned that we didn't see a children's menu.  This could still be in the making, however.    

Service was fast for the to go order. Service was friendly. (Still finding their way in terms of organizing the crowd, but we think that is normal for a restaurant that has just opened.)  

We see this venue becoming a local favorite if they subscribe to the enduring idea that quality drives business and customer service matters.  

Haven't had the clam chowda yet but since we spent ten years in Boston we are ready to offer our thoughts after our next visit.
I was excited to try So Cal before they opened. It's around the corner from my office, and I love a good fish taco. 

I ordered the blackened grouper taco plate, and my mom ordered the ahi tuna taco plate. 

My tacos were good. The fish wasn't technically "blackened" but it was tender and had good flavor. The tortillas were soft and warm and held up to the taco filling. They put just the right amount of cabbage on the tacos. I really enjoyed the baja sauce and cotija cheese. The rice and beans are quite average, no special flavors pop out. They purely serve the purpose of completing the plate.

The ahi tuna in my mom's tacos was WAY overcooked, and had an unappetizing grey hue. It was not pleasant to chew because it was so dry. She mentioned that to the server and his response was "Oh. Ok." and nothing else was done.

I will most likely be back, but not for the ahi tuna.
I have been waiting for this place to open... So, the husband and I finally checked it out tonight. I will say that it wasn't horrible but wasn't GREAT! At first it started out wonderful, as everyone was pleasant and greeted us when we came in. Ordered our food, once again, no problems. 

We ordered some oysters as an app and they were delicious and tasted fresh. This is when the problems started...so our waiter brings our daughters food out and is like "is there anything else?" And we kind of look at him like "yeah, our food.." After a minute of the weird looks he is all "your tacos....WILL BE RIGHT UP!" And he made this face like "oh shit, I forgot." So, we waited and waited and waited.... about  an additional 20 minutes while everyone who got here after us, got served their food before us. Word to the wise.. I am much cooler if you would have told us. We get it, you just opened, we would cut you some slack, if you gave us the chance. 

So, the sun is going down at this point and someone needs to tell them that when the sun starts to set YOU TURN OFF THE MISTERS. It gets cold and wet as opposed to nice like when the sun is up. I heard many people around us complaining about the misters, as well. Also, I don't know if there was some kind of mix up with the servers but we watched two different sets of people get totally forgot about at a table near us. The first couple just straight up left, while we had to sit and listen ( we saw more than one bus boy notice this situation... um hello DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT) to the second set of people complain about the poor service.

By now, we have just got our food and the tacos were good. I got the shrimp tacos and husband got mahi mahi tacos. Neither of us had any complaints about the food. My shrimps were large and cooked great. My daughter got the popcorn shrimp and that was actually really good, very pleasantly surprised. Next, we tried to pay and that took about about 10 minutes to get our check back after our waiter took our card...I don't get why that took so long!? Go run the card and come back.

So, all in all, the food was good. The service just needs some help. My husband said it best, they need an on-duty aware manager (which they did not appear to have) to make sure tables aren't forgot, turn off misters..etc. So..hopefully they see this and use it as constructive criticism because I really did like the ambiance and food..just with a few hitches. But, we will be back. I'm going to give it a few weeks and try again since the food was good.
Pretty good... Not as good as "Wahoos" in California. Very friendly staff, fresh food. Awesome clam strips.
Came for lunch with the wife during their  'soft' opening. I believe the problems we had will be worked out. Wait for a table wasn't bad, got sat outside and had to play musical chairs a bit to not sit in a sunny spot or a spot getting dripped on by the misting system. 

Got the crab cakes to start with, which were excellent. I got the shrimp po-boy, and the wife got the fish and chips.

Fish and chips were a tad to thick on the batter. The shrimp on the po-boy was a corn-meal crusted fried shrimp, pretty good as well.

I dislike tarter sauce, but the 'house' tarter sauce is really excellent!

My only disappointment was the lack of any other 'house' sauces. In all my "So-Cal" fish tacos experiences, each place had an assortment of their very own specialty sauces. The lack of anything but tarter here was a disappointment.

tl;dr 4 stars for now, it's still too new and has some issues to work through, it'll be a 5 star soon enough.
Love this place! Great service and good food. Another great "spot" in downtown Gilbert.
Just returned from SoCal Fish Taco Co.  Very disappointing.  Decor and design was interesting, server good, but that's where it all ended.  Don't think much was made from scratch.  Everything tasted canned, salsa, weak cocktail sauce (more like regular ketchup) beans, tortillas......EVERYTHING.  

Really wanted to like this place.  No flavor/seasonings ... Boring.  Wish it was different.  Shrimp tacos and grouper tacos had no flavor at all.  Shrimp had watery/boiled texture.  Not worth it.  Missed opportunity for this company.
I have been waiting for this new restaurant to open.  Well worth it !   My wife and I were very pleased with their food and service. We had the clam chowder and and Mahi tacos.  So-Cal Fish Taco Company will do well with all the excellent restaurants in downtown Gilbert !
Great little place.  We ordered the fish ceviche, clam strips, cod tacos, and carnitas tacos.  A couple of beers and a sangria as well.  Park in the back and sit outside on the patio.  The service was consistent and above average.  We go to The Farmhouse, across the street, for breakfast all the time.  This place is family owned and has fresh seafood.  Where the hell else are you going to find that anywhere near Gilbert.  All of the food was very good.  We wanted to try a variety since it was our first visit.  The ceviche was tasty but if I'm being super picky it could use a little more seasoning.  I eat ceviche frequently in CA.  Bottomline, good service, good food, seafood from a local joint, and family owned. What more do we all need.
Love the downtown Gilbert area and happy this place opened. Love the decor and the service was good. Very laid back, plastic and paper kinda place. The clam chowder was not as anticipated, wish it had more clams but the shrimp tacos were good. I liked the Cotija cheese and Baja sauce on it. The cheese had a feta taste which give it a little edge. My friend had the fish & chips and said it was very fresh. The Left Coast amber beer was pretty good too.
Went for lunch today.  Got there about 1pm, and was seated within 10 minutes.  Ordered 1/2 dozen oysters and a basket of clam strips.  Oysters were great!  being able to get fresh oysters in Gilbert is a great treat.  Now to the clam basket.  Should have known better, but it's just your standard frozen, chewy breaded clam strips.  They were also way over cooked.  Would be happy to pay more for freshly shucked fried clams.  

Will try tacos and steamers next time.
Seriously good fish tacos!  Walked in at 7 on a Saturday night and was immediately seated.  2 adults, 1 kid, and 1 high chair.  SWEET!  Decor is awesome.  The patio has nice lighting so you're not sitting in the dark or barely able to see what you're eating.  After we were seated it did take about 7 mins for our server to notice us and get our drinks and since we had the extra time we also knew what we wanted to eat.  After that initial wait the service was great though.

On to the food!  Ordered Clam strips for an app. Super yummy.  A tad bit chewy, but the hubs and I didn't mind.  Got the kids' popcorn chicken and fish and chips at that time.  Both got the seal of approval from 2 picky eaters.  One minor thing was that the fries were pretty under done almost inedible.  I don't give them fries that much so we just ate the ones that were done and they couldn't even finish those.  Good sized kids portions even without the fries.  
Grown up meals:  We wanted to try a few items.  Got orders of shrimp tacos, ahi tuna tacos and blackened grouper tacos.  All of them were cooked to perfection!  Nothing was even close to being overcooked, seriously perfect.  While all the tacos were great the blackened grouper was the stand out by far.  The beans were also amazing.  Something as simple as pinto beans and SoCal made them memorable.  The rice was just meh, unfortunately got some uncooked grains in with the cooked, mmmm crunchy goodness, not so much.  The mango salsa was flavorful with a nice kick to it.  I don't know what the 1 star guy was talking about with everything being canned and bland.  The cocktail sauce was a bit ketchupy but that's about it.  Also got a Long Island Iced Tea, good but for $6 it was small at around 10 oz.  

Overall:  nice ambiance, small service and kitchen hiccups with it being new, the tacos are what matter and they are STELLAR!  Will definitely recommend to friends and family and be back frequently.
wow! how refreshing to see a menu with incredible good prices, great selection and to top it off, great! food.  service was great, owner was nice,comfortable indoor or out andi am serious great food.

linda rae
territorial news
2nd time to So Cal and it was as great as the last! The Mexican Shrimp Cocktail is packed with big fat fresh shrimp, almost like a ceviche, but very good. I ordered just regular fish tacos and they were delicious, I LOVED THE RICE, just perfect and our waitress was sweet and attentive. Met one of the owners while there, nice guy and excited that we were excited! 

I don't know why anyone would give this place one star, but everything was great! 

Others in my group had the ahi tacos and clam chowder and loved them both.
I must say...I will be back. AZ needs a seafood place other than Red Lobster!! This is the only place I can feel like i'm on a vacation on the beach! Love the decor and feel of the place. Love that there is a large, open patio. Service was slow. Our fried clams came out WITH our dinners. My shrimp tacos were good, but kinda sloppy. The corn tortillas were falling apart and the tacos were not full of flavor like I expected. Next time I will try the fish tacos and oysters. Always looking for some oysters. Oysters in Gilbert??? Come on now! ;) Love it. Having a full bar is great as well. If you don't mind your cheap wine in a lil plastic cup.....go somewhere more fancy, like Postino's next door. We kinda made the mistake of going there after for another glass of wine and the $9-$12 glasses of wine made me wish I was back at So Cal with the $5 wine cup. :) Worth a try trying this place and hope they get better with the seasonings. I may have just ordered the wrong thing. Hope this place stays in business. AZ needs this kinda place!
I was really hoping this was going to be great Mexican food, even if it was seafood.  My wife and I had it for lunch and we were not impressed.  Too bad.
My husband and I went to SoCal for the first time and were greeted immediately and sat right away on the patio (at 5:30 on a Friday). We were approached right away and ordered the shrimp cocktail ($7). It came with 5 large shrimp on ice and was very fresh. The cocktail sauce had a tad too much horseradish for my taste but was still good. We weren't very hungry so we split the Mahi tacos (two for $7), but they were a pretty decent size, larger than street tacos. The fish was fresh and it came with a mango chutney, cotija cheese and some cabbage. They didn't over do the cabbage or toppings and the salsa that came on the side was delicious. Our server was prompt with the bill and we had an overall great experience. I hope they stay consistent and worthy of five stars!
This place is so good! Service was great, love the decor, and the food tasted fresh. I got the shrimp po boy and the only thing it needed was the classic spicy mayo... Great back bone for something that is going to be a local favorite. Definitely coming here again and again!
We were excited to try this place, but were quickly disappointed. The space inside is a TINY corridor, so your server constantly paces up and down alongside your table. The water is Gilbert tap water- blech! Any filter or RO would greatly improve the odor and taste of the water. 

I was still holding hope the fish tacos would save the day. Nope. Rubio's has better fish tacos and they're cheap on Tuesdays. I spent $8 on the Ahi Tacos, and could only stomach two bites. They cooked the heck out of the chunk of Ahi; either this was an accident or they don't use high-quality Ahi which can be served rare. It tasted like canned tuna, and there was hardly any sauce on the tortilla to add flavor. There was NO seasoning on the fish itself. To be fair, my date's Tilapia tacos were well-seasoned thin filets (they advertise a lemon pepper seasoning) and were enjoyable. 

They serve the tacos with a side of rice-a-roni, watery pinto beans and some super hot watery salsa. I love spicy food, and I could not consume this salsa. If you like pinto beans (undrained) from a can, you're in luck. 

We love fish tacos from The Reel Inn in CA, and we get that Gilbert is a long way from any beach. Still, if you're going to name you're restaurant "So Cal Fish Taco Company," please deliver something remotely similar to what you advertise. I hope this restaurant can improve and offer some quality fish tacos to downtown Gilbert.
Very good. I thought $6.00 was high but it is a complete meal. They open a 11 am and I entered at 11:10 am and by 11:40 there we people waiting for a table.
First time, not impressed. Seating is mostly outdoors and with the weather these days not comfortable at all. Water drips on you and your food from the misters. Food is good, but not expectacular for the  prices; chips n salsa are extra. Overall it lacks ambiance and the manger needs to put a smile even during cahos. Orders get mixed up, too many hands taking food to tables.
We were eager to try So-Cal, so last night was the night. Maybe we expected to much from a restaurant that says they " want to give you food that you can get stoked about". 

Ok, it started out good. We got the Oysters on the half shell and some of the Mission Brewery Hefeweizen. The Oysters were fresh and very tasty. The beer, cold and refreshing.

I ordered the mahi tacos, and my husband ordered the shrimp tacos. With each bite we kept saying to each other, is this it? We came here for this? We waited 30 minutes for this?  The tacos did not have much flavor. Tacos from Rubio's taste much better. The beans tasted as if they were out of a can, and whats with white rice with tacos? Is that what they do in So-Cal ?

Maybe the cooks were a little to much in a "California State Of Mind" last night, and forgot the seasonings on the fish.
Tuesday Taco Day !  Woo Hoo ! ! ! 
The Cod Tacos were very very tasty.
My fiance and I decided to try So-Cal Fish Taco Company. Got there and it was a full house. My fiance had the shrimp burrito and I ordered fish n' chips. Waited 20 minutes for our order to arrive. Saw the basket and we both immediately said, "really??". Waited 20 minutes and portions in the basket was sad. Hook up the fries in the basket!! Good food but nothing extrodinary that makes me want to return to this restraunt. Along with that, I thought to myself, "well it is a fish taco joint, I should at least try one of their fish tacos." From reading other reviews and talking to others, So-Cal Fish Taco Company is just another fancy place where over priced average fish taco are being served.
We had been waiting for this place to open for a long time.  Were stoked to see it was open.  Went in on a Thursday night about 7pm and waited about 15 minutes.  It is super small inside, the outside is bigger but hey it's like 110 degrees outside!  They sat us outside but the misters were great.  I didn't mind it at all.  Everyone there seemed like they were enjoying themselves.  We got drinks from our waiter who was really nice.

That was the best thing about it.  We ordered 2 appetizers and 2 entrees.  Our drinks were empty right away and stayed empty.  Then the misters went off...we still had no food after about 40 minutes.  The waiter was nice but he was just too busy to stay on top of all of the customers.  The food all came out at once, appetizers and entrees.  I asked for the misters to be turned back on as it was really hot...some of the other customers were also complaining.  They never came back on.  My fish and chips tasted frozen and everything was just about cold.  My husband said his Mahi tacos were very good.  We asked for more drinks and some sauces that never came.  We spent about 90 minutes there waiting and sweating.  The only positive was the Mahi tacos, so it definitely wasn't worth it.  BIG let down.
Great cod tacos! Really good customer service as well.
SoCal fish company specializes in fish tacos. The restaurant is small inside with seven or eight tables and is nicely decorated with a surfboard and  surfing pictures on the wall. The restaurant is sit down and I believe they may do more business if they had a counter you could order at -it may be quicker. But with that said I was in and out of there within 25 minutes. I ordered the Mahi fish tacos and they were excellently prepared. The fish was perfectly cooked and the tacos had cabbage and a mango salsa over the top. The tacos cost seven dollars and they came with a side of beans which had a nice spicy kick and rice - when you combined them it made a really nice side dish. The tacos were a nice size and it was a very satisfying lunch. I had a ice tea with my meal and the server refilled my ice tea and promptly cashed me out. Although the inside was relatively small there is a nice patio out back that has another 12 tables and also a nice comfy couch area to relax in and to eat your tacos - they also have a mister system out there to cool things off on the patio. I also saw that for dessert they have a delicious looking cookie ice cream sandwich that I will have to try next time. SoCal fish is a nice addition to downtown Gilbert and I will definitely will be returning.
Great dive restaurant, quality food
My family and I live just down the road in Gilbert and were super excited to see a new restaurant open up in down town Gilbert. We waited about a week after the location opened before stopping by to escape the "grand opening" rush.  We went in early on a Friday night - probably about 5:30 and we just beat the rush. We were immediately seated and offered drinks.  Now please not the seating in this location is pretty sparse unless you are willing to sit outside.  Nice patio seating, but in AZ in the summer I can't do it with young kiddos. Young servers that are nice, but inexperienced and it shows.

We placed our orders and started with the calamari appetizer - I love calamari - but this was kind of a let down. It was okay, but honestly Oregano's calamari is ten times better. So next up we ordered the kids fish and chips, my oldest had the garlic clam appetizer, hubby had the fish and chips and I had the fish tacos (don't recall which kind).  Everything was okay but not great, and portions were so so.  The clams were really good, but half weren't open so not a great deal for the money.  I was still hungry from our order so we decided to try the crab cakes to finish and this was by far the worst. They were gross and mushy with no texture - it kind of tasted like crab straight from the can - other than the crispy outside, no texture and no crab taste at all.

I was really hoping for a great new restaurant when we walked in - at this point I wouldn't return because it really was just OK.
Another great downtown Gilbert eatery.  Great clam chowder, decent beer selections and friendly staff.
Very good food, not *quite* as awesome as Brigantine in San Diego, but definitely good fish tacos.  It's a very laid back atmosphere, which I really liked and seemed almost out of place in Gilbert - which I mean in a good way.  I think the only downside was that it's easy to spend a lot of money on tacos here, since the portions aren't that big and it's not exactly cheap.  They also had the misters on full blast, so I was basically soaking wet outside, but that was a small complaint.

All in all, good food and worth it.  It's a bit expensive for what you get, but not excessively so.  Worth checking out if you're seeing what's around Gilbert...
Finding a good fish taco in Phoenix is difficult, so when I saw a place with fish taco in its name, I was pretty excited.

The fish ceviche tostadas were pretty good, although a little flimsy.  The mahi fish tacos were ok.  They needed more sauce and to change tortillas.

Decent service, although our server did mess up what was on whose check.

I'll be back because I want to try more of their fish tacos.  This place has better fish tacos than most in Phoenix, but if it was in SoCal, I'm not sure I'd come here again.
Maybe I missed something but this place just didn't wow me. It was around lunch time when we went and the place was almost empty. The set up was just awkward since it is such a small narrow space. We walked in from the parking lot and couldn't quite figure out where to go because there was no one around. The outside patio looked great but it was far too hot, maybe it'll be nicer in the cooler months(or month). The place has character, I'll give it that, but comes across as what an interior designer would consider coastal not quite a laid back beach taco place. We ordered a cheese tortilla with shrimp as an appetizer, it was delicious. The fish tacos were just okay. The mahi mahi taco was good but they were pretty bland with the tiniest amount of mango salsa. For a fish taco company I was expecting more, especially for the price.
Cute concept, but very mediocre. We went into this restaurant hoping to find some good mexican food in Gilbert, but were disappointed by the food. We ordered the fish taco, clam chowder, and oyster. The clam chowder and oyster were both below average. The oyster was warm and sort of gross. The clams in the chowder were chewy. The fish taco was average at best. Hard to justify eating here when Joyride is right across the street...
Simple, neat food without trying to overdo the atmosphere. Tilapia tacos had a nice large filet, broiled, not breaded. One of our party reported these are better (and much less expensive) than other fish tacos nearby. Quick, clean service, great price!! Will definitely dine again.
After spending an extended period of time in Mexico, I was struggling to find a fish taco quality in Phoenix that was similiar to what I enjoyed South of the border. The Cod Fish Tacos at So Cal Taco were great !! After eating many Cod FT in the past, the quality of the fish they use is excellent, above par from other local FT places. The Baja Sauce they offer is good, however there was not enough on each taco for my liking. I ordered extra and they were great. The only negative comment I would have would be that they do not offer a spicy salsa. I used my own spicy salsa, which offsets the creamy Baja sauce they offer. So Cal Taco is a WINNER, but PLEASE get a Salsa option with some heat.
UPDATE - Determined they DO have a spicy salsa, however must be requested. This being discovered, SO CAL is THE place in the East Valley for Fish Tacos !!
Gilbert really needs a great fish taco.. And this is it. I can't stop thinking about the calamari appetizer and fish n' chips entree (with the yummy dips) we enjoyed last week. Perfectly crunchiness and flakey meat on the inside of the cod. Temperature of food was piping hot and seasoning was spot on.

Staff was friendly and fairly attentive. Very cool patio furniture, lighting, but misters were a bit too powerful and got us more wet than we wanted. The price was not bad, it was $20 for an app and entree and we gobbled up every last delicious bite that we could muster. Definite return.
I love this place! Server Steele was cool! Mahi tacos were delicious.  Beer prices fantastic, $3.50 for an Ultra.  Arrived at 3:00, Saturday afternoon, got a table immediately.  Cup of Clam Chowder was good. Oysters were very small, but they did give us 7 on a 1/2 dozen order. 
My favorite fish tacos are at South Beach Bar and Grill, Ocean Beach San Diego... SoCal Fish Taco Co had Tacos just as tasty.
Wife and I will be Back.
My wife and I absolutely love SoCal Fish Taco Company. My favorite tacos are the grilled Mahi Mahi. Have also has the cod tacos and calamari fries - also both very good. Price is right, location is great in downtown Gilbert and the staff is friendly. They have a few SoCal craft beers to choose from - really like the Coronado Brewing IPA. 

There are several fish taco shops we like in San Diego, SoCal Fish Taco company is bringing those great tacos to Gilbert. Great work guys, keep it up.
My husband and I were so disappointed in the tacos. Super plain and almost raw tortillas and the flavor was bland. We got the mahi and the grouper and both were not good. The price is affordable, but I would pay more for better flavor and quality somewhere else.
Went back for seconds today and had the mahi tacos. The fish was cooked well, the sauce was great, the salsa much improved, and the rice and beans are still very good. And they had take-out menus for the folks at work!
We had high hopes but were let down. Service was very good. We went at 6ish on a Thursday and were seated indoors right away. Staff was friendly and attentive and we always had full drinks!  Food was just okay. The batter seemed too heavy (fish and chips and cod tacos) and meal was pretty bland. I guess it lacked what I'd call that "fresh" taste. Now I understand that because we live in the desert we will never get fish tacos like they serve in CA but....
The fish is good. The overall plate could be improved greatly. The tortillas need seasoning. The beans are bland. The rice is excellent. Serving in plastic baskets with plastic forks is lame.
Excellent fish tacos, and quick service for take out.  Reasonable prices, and great variety on the menu.  Only 4 stars because they're closed on Sundays, and because the carne asada was only average.  It seems like the carne asada, chicken, and carnitas are only on the menu to provide variety.  Their real specialty is the various fish tacos (cod, grouper, mahi, salmon, etc), so if you go for those, you won't go wrong.
Great place for a decently priced, and light lunch.  Fish tacos are very delicious.  This is a new favorite lunch spot and I can't wait to go when it cools down and sit on the large patio and have a cold beer.
After spending a week in San Diego I had some of the BEST shrimp tacos. And since then I have been constantly craving them, so my boyfriend and I came here hoping they might satisfy that craving. Well we were wrong.

We walked in and were instantly greeted, the host/ waiter told us there was gonna be quiet a wait for inside but they did a small bar to sit us at or we could sit outside. Not really wanting to be in the heat we opted to sit at the small "bar". That small bar was right behind the host counter, the waiter then told us this was actually and additional waiting area for customers. We sat there for not even a minuet before we asked if we could move outside. The "bar" was such a confined space we could barely sit comfortably. The waiter happily obliged, then took us to the patio.

While the patio was hot, it wasn't unbearable with the umbrella, misters, and fans. After over looking the menu, I decided on the shrimp tacos, and he the ahi tuna. They came out fairly quick, which was nice. But the tacos were nothing great. My tortillas were cold, like out of the fridge cold. There wasn't much flavor at all on the shrimp. The rice was white, which was odd, the beans were straight out of the can. What was really unfortunate was the fact the shrimp in my tacos still had a lot of the shell on them. Each bite I was pulling shell out of my mouth, my boyfriends tuna was almost all chewy, and uneatable. 

Needless to say, we won't be going back. There was nothing to bring me back to try their food again. Especially with the subpar service.
First visit to So-Cal, and loved it! We skipped the tacos on this first visit, and opted instead for the clam chowder, steamed clams, and crab cakes.  What a great choice we made, since all were outstanding.  Excellent beer list too.

We're originally from New England, and we've had hundreds of versions of clam chowder.  So-Cal's version is one of the best I've ever had.  The clams were perfect and not rubbery, the broth was just the right consistency, and the seasoning was spot on.  Amazing.

The steamed clams were brilliant.  It's easy to destroy the little gems, but So-Cal hit the nail on the head.  Sweet, succulent, and also cooked to perfection in a nice light buttery broth that did not over power the cherrystone size clams.

The crab cakes were full of crab, with just the right amount of well seasoned binding.  Outstanding.  

Now that we've savor end the "sides",  we'll be back soon to try the many versions of tacos, and other offerings that are sure to exceed our expectations.

GLAD YOU'RE IN TOWN, SO-CAL!!!!  What a great addition to historic downtown Gilbert.
Amazing gourmet tacos at non-gourmet price. Great patio and service. Beer selection limited but cool breweries. Definitely coming back.
I've been wanting to try this place out for awhile now -- being a member of Funktional Fitness, I pass this place daily running my Funk lap! LOL - and finally stopped in for lunch after my workout. I was not disappointed! The Mahi fish tacos were amazing!  Next I'll be trying the "Funk Plate" (not featured on the menu) -- fresh catch of the day and veggies. Excellent food at a great price! *****
Great food, real good prices for what you get.  Mussels were excellent
Stopped in for lunch today and everything was good.  I had the blackened grouper tacos and my girlfriend had the shrimp tacos.  Both were excellent but I lean towards the grouper.  The spicy kick added with the salsa was awesome.  Even the small sides of beans and rice were good.  Very friendly staff, quick service and reasonable price for lunch.  Highly recommend this new downtown Gilbert addition.
I was only impressed with the Seviche (hope i spelled that right). Other than that the place is more about the atmosphere than they are the food. The fish tacos were dry and lacking flavor.
Definitely one of our favorite lunch places.  We have not had a lunch that we haven't really liked.  This is turning into one of our regular spots.
My daughter and i came for lunch today. We parked in the back and walked through the open dining and inside dining on our way to the hostess station. We noticed five or six open tables on our way in. We were surprised to hear from the hostess that there was a 10-15 minute wait to be seated. 

(What? Can i just go sit down at one of the six open tables?) 

We waited and were seated within the promised window. We ordered calimari fries to start, with my daughter ordering fish and chips, and salmon tacos for myself.

The calimari fries came out hot, crispy, and were very tasty. We finished them off quickly. Both sauces were great.

Next delivered, were my daughters fish and chips, and some shrimp and chips that looked yummy, but were not what i ordered. The waiter promised a quick fix. I noticed the patrons at a neighboring table having bewildered looks, and no food on their table, despite being seated before us.

The salmon tacos arrived within five minutes. The fish was near perfectly cooked, the tortillas tender but not frail, overall very delicious. My daughters fish and chips were tasty, good crunch on the outside with tasty fish inside. Chips were reasonable, but not inspiring. The beans and rice that came with my meal were sufficient.

Waitstaff were nice enough, but maybe a little inexperienced, and slow at times. Their willingness to try makes it all good.

The dining experience overall was positive, but i don't know if i would drive any extra miles to dine here. If i happen to be close, ill probably drop in. (Ill bet that i would have given an extra star if there had not been a line with tables empty, and the wrong meal being delivered.)
Excellent food. My wife had the clam chowder and it was fantastic. The Mexicali shrimp cocktail was amazing.  The ahi tuna tacos were very good and so were the grouper tacos.  My wife had the sangria and it was great. They make it homemade and its not that sweet. Its a small place in old town Gilbert and it has a patio. The owner is cool. A must if you are in the area.
We came here today because i was craving for some tacos. I like the chill patio. But it was too cold for me, I have to borrow my bf's jacket. Our server was nice, he keeps on checking on us. We ordered shrimp ceviche for appetizer.. My mouth exploded! It was really good. For the main coarse my bf got shrimp po'boy, It was ok i had better po'boy before at Flavor's of Luisiana. It came with a cocktail sauce, I wish it came with a tartar sauce. I got the mahi tacos, the fish needs a lil seasoning and it was kinda overcooked. The mango salsa was really good it complements the fish, cabbage and the cojita cheese. I was disappointed with my rice because it was cold and hard.. But we will definitely come back for happy hour.
Who knew this little place was going to be this good? The food, quite inexpensive, is VERY good. I had some crab cakes that were as good as any I've had, even when in Baltimore or Boston. The fish tacos were to die for. We left feeling quite full, and the bill was less than $25 for all of us.
Outdoor seating was very nice. Service excellent. The tacos were very good and so was the salmon wrap. Yum!!
This place is awesome. Great tacos, super reasonable, and nice adult beverage selection. They have several craft beers, which is a nice touch for my main squeeze. The cod tacos are super yummy.. They have great happy hr deals too. Only crappy thing is that it's only offered Monday-Thursday. But, great little patio.. And every time I have been, the service was very laid back and friendly.
First visit last night with my good friend and we really enjoyed it!  The staff was very friendly, Jared seated us and Britney was our server.  She made us feel very welcome, helped us with the menu - made a couple of suggestions and checked on us just enough. 

The food was very good.  We tried one each of the carne, blackened grouper, tilapia and shrimp tacos.  They were all deeelish!  The Tilapia had a bit too much lemon pepper seasoning but overall, the whole meal was great, even the rice and beans.  We also tried the Calamari fries and a cup of the chowder...both very yummy! 

Will be back with more friends!
Good service. I had the grouper which was good. My sister had the shrimp tacos which she enjoyed. The salsa was fantastic!
My boyfriend and his family were so excited to try this place out, but we all left completely unhappy.

For starters, once we sat down at a table it took what seemed like forever until we were waited on. Then when we finally place our food orders, it took way too long to come out to our table. Portion were extremely small, as if it came from the kids menu! When we asked for hot sauce, they brought out sriracha (claiming that was all they had), which is fine but considering it's a fish taco company they should have a variety of sauces/salsa for their foods! Then when someone else wanted more hot sauce, our waiter brought out Chulula! Which was really annoying because we were just told the only hot sauce they had was Sriracha. 

When we got our bill in the end we were even more disappointed to see that the each beer was overpriced and cost MORE than one order of our food! That's just ridiculous. Beer wasn't even good for being "specialty" from California.

Definitely wont be returning here again.
I wanted to love it...grew up in Huntington Beach, surfing in Baja (ensenada, rosarita, etc).  Raised at Wahoo's Fish Tacos and have a decent palate when it comes to fish tacos.  

Service was fine.  nice folks, speed was good.  The decor/patio gave me hope.

Our Group Ordered:  Quesadilla.  Shrimp Tacos.  Mahi Tacos.  Blackened Grouper tacos.

Quesadilla:  $4 for 1 store bought tortilla basically warmed in a microwave.  Like you would make for a snack for a toddler at home.  Weak.  

Shrimp Tacos:  decent.  Server said there were 5 shrimp per taco, mine had 3 shrimp.  Much better at cafe rio up the street.

Mahi Tacos:  lacking flavor.  Looked good.  let down.  wouldn't order these again.

Blackened Grouper:  also, lacked flavor, but the best of the 3 i ordered.  Note:   as i understand it, "blackened" is both a way of cooking (using butter/oil to char the fish, plus usually a cajun/pepper spice).  Again....this is NOT Wahoo's "blackened" fish  

Tap water:  awful.  even w/ lemon.  Get drinks...or soda water at least.

I will return, as i want them to succeed....I will try the other taco's and update.

Happy Hour: Mon - Thurs i will try the Cod Tacos...i think they are $1 buck a piece
What to do on a typical work day Wednesday???? That's right, happy hour! SoCal fish tacos was perfect for a mid-week happy hour. They have $1 tacos and some tasty drinks! Check it out and sit on the back patio for a nice relaxing happy hour!
I was really excited for this place, but it was just bad. I got the Fish and Chips and won't be getting it again. It wasn't cooked all the way, wasn't crispy at all and the annoying part was it was $7 for two little pieces of fish and hardly any fries. My date got the fish tacos, but where was the fish? It was all mangos and veggies. Sorry, but were not impressed.
High expectations because of the laid back and chill atmosphere. Little seating inside, cool patio seating. Happy to see they serve cocktails and beer. I ordered crab cakes recommended by our server, they arrived in a bed of oil and luke warm in the center. They tasted like tuna from the Gordon smith guy at the local grocery store. I also ordered a Long Island ice tea, immediately I could tell by the color of the drink it was a mix or they had a first day bar keep.  I tasted it and it actually tasted like ice tea. The server asked if I wanted a substitute and I got a tasty bottled brew. Good looking out, props.  The food was mediocre at best. Hard rice and I swear canned ranch style beans. My date ordered carnitas, I ordered mahi tacos. We should of went to rubios.  

Pros...80's music, cool patio seating, prices, nice server.  

Cons...food, drinks, ugh!
In all fairness, I've only ever had the Cod Tacos but they were so good I came back 3 days in a row for more!  

The fish was crispy and perfectly sized to fill (not spill) the taco.  I'm pretty picky about tortillas but these had a nice texture (not the dry rubbery ones that come from that fish taco chain) and the cabbage / sauce was fresh and tasty.  I couldn't stop thinking about these tacos and had to go again... and again.  

The price was right, about 7 bucks for the two tacos and 2 sides - rice (which I liked and typically don't) and the beans (which I really liked).  

For me, the portion was perfect for lunch, just enough that I could barely poke it all into my smallish appetite but not so much that I had more than a bite or two left.

I called in my order all 3 times and it was ready in like 8 minutes, fresh and packaged really conveniently for a quick lunch in the car (parked, of course).

The décor is really modern, sleek and inviting - the patio looks amazing and I'd love to try sometime when I have more time.

Parking was ample in back, there is a large parking lot and that's where you enter.
My wife and I love So-Cal Fish Tacos! We ate there three times in one week a few months back! The cod tacos are the best but you really can't go wrong with anything on their menu and we have tried most of it! Make sure and get the ice cream cookie sandwiches if they have them in stock!
The atmosphere is cute, and overall a good location. I went here a couple days ago and ordered the cod with fries. The pricing seemed competitive, however, the food didn't wow me. It was alright though.
Went to SoCal for the 1st time tonight for date night and we loved it!  I had the Mahi Fish Tacos - I thought they were great.  Not too fishy, tasted fresh and the mango salsa and baja sauce was yummy!  My husband had the mussels, oysters on the half shell and crab cakes.  He was in heaven the whole time.  We aren't into specialty beers so we just had Coronas which is perfectly fine with us.  Loved the atmosphere and our waiter Ryan was super nice.  We already have plans to go back next Friday!
This place is delicious! It may be tiny but the patio is amazing. The food was astoundingly good. I wished I could eat more. I love the selection for the tacos and the fact that you can mix and match. I had the Shrimp and the Cod. I preferred the shrimp but I see why the Cod is a big seller. Our server was super sweet and helpful. I can't wait to go back for happy hour!
Nice outdoor patio area and we have always had good service.  Nice variety of Fish Tacos and their Shrimp Ceviche was very good didn't like their Margaritas so we now stick to beer.
If you're looking for a casual place to hang out with a relaxing patio, this spot is it. Great prices and the fish tacos are yummy. So is the fish n chips and the ice cream sandwich for dessert. My daughter gives this place two thumbs up and she is not easy to please!
Yum. Blackened grouper tacos. Yum. Mahi tacos ate good if you eant something milder. All that was missing was the sand.
3 stars for now. Went for lunch. Clam strips were awesome !  Lightly battered n crunchy. Cod tacos were a bit dry. Queso fresco was good but they needed more sauce. The place has a nice vibe. I'll try it again if I'm in the area.
Tried the Mahi Tacos. Served with beans and rice. Rice was good but the beans were nothing special.  The tacos were refreshing.
My only complaint was the owner/manager had a bit of an attitude and kept criticising the servers, who I thought were doing a fine job.
I give them two stars because 1, the hostess was nice & 2, the decor was refreshing... 
Our waiter could have been friendly enough to deserve a bigger tip but at least he was attentive enough to refill our drinks a few times. 

For starters we ordered the $7 calamari fries. It was DELICIOUS. The pieces were thick and the batter was light enough. It came with a side of yummy aioli sauce & marinara, which I thought was a little odd.

I ordered the shrimp Po boy. It was disappointing. Three medium deep-fried shrimp with the tail still on, in between large pieces of white bread. Lettuce, onion & tomatoes came on the side. The tartar sauce was bland. The seasonless fries was the only good part of the dish. 

My other half ordered the fish and chips. It came with two medium size pieces of deep-fried cod and french fries. All you taste is the oil. That too was very disappointing.

If my commute wasn't  30 minutes away from Phoenix I would check out the happy hour since they do offer one dollar cod and tilapia tacos.
This place was recommend think I expected better. I had the ahi tuna tacos and it was cold. Very bland tasting. The salsa really didn't have any flavor to it and margarita I've had better
I had heard and read about how great this place was. Reality didn't match the hype. I had the calamari. It was okay and for $9, I expected a larger portion. The cod tacos were okay as well. A little too much breading. I will say the clam chowder was very good. My son had the fish and chips. He really liked it. Overall experience was okay; food was average and service was good. Id go back and try it again, but it is a bit over hyped.
Best ceviche, best tacos, awesome outdoor patio, great shark tacos, great fish and chips! Only think wish they carried local beers and did bloody Mary's! Our new favorite spot!
Saw this place, was excited to try it, until I heard they sold SHARK tacos. Shame on you So-Cal for doing this. Will never go there now.
Have been here a few times. Happy hour was great. Food is good beer prices ok. Waitress screwed up the 2 tabs that our party had. We told the waitress and she said even Pabs the owner could not fix them. My wife said you can go try.  The waitress responded "your not my mother". That was shocking but it gets better. The manager Matt corrected our tabs. Then we paid and he came back. Upon his return we asked him about the "mother" comment. His reply was that they see their staff as equals to the paying customers and the waitress felt insulted that we noticed she screwed up our tabs and requested that they be fixed. We were talking down to her and it was ok that she made the mother comment. Even my ultra relaxed friend (the owner of the other wrong tab) was pissed. It is the first time in my life that a manager of a restaurant told four of the seven people in the place he did not need their business. At that point I openly told Matt he sucked as a manager and we would not return. Matt must not know Slow Ride is across the street. It is rare that I get out to happy hour and get the wife to drive. Like Matt says our time and money are better spent across the street.
This place has a great variety of fish tacos and a nice patio to enjoy when the weather is nice.  My daughter particularly liked the couches outside. I got to relax for hours, drink a couple of tasty beers, and enjoy some fish tacos...no complaints there. 

The fish tacos tasted like they were on white corn tortillas, so had a nice mild flavor. We tried the mahi, tilapia, and shrimp tacos. The shrimp were easily my daughter's favorite.  They were good tacos, but not the best I've tasted. 

Ultimately, I will be back, beer in one hand , fish taco in the other.
Great environment and outdoor seating these limited spring days. Wonderful service but mediocre food. Enjoy drinks but skip the bland food.
This place is great! I've been several times now and it's becoming a favorite. On top of good food, the outdoor seating area is nice during the cooler months. I've tried the mahi and salmon tacos, the mahi is now my go to. The last two visits we split an ice cream sandwich lightly rolled in sea salt, wow! Delicious!
The Republic gave this place 4 stars and i agree.  Unique little place.  Food is fresh, service is good, and the patio is great too.  Went for lunch with my wife and we were impressed.  Two mahi tacos stuffed with mahi mahi and fresh mango for 7 bucks!  You would be hard pressed tonget street tacos at that price.  We had clam chowder for 3 dollars that was house made.  The chowder was excellent.  Go to Paradise Bakery for canned chowder and pay twice that price.  Also had the steamed clams.  We got two dozen clams in a bucket for 9 dollars!  They were fresh and sand free.

I will be straight forward here.  This is the kind of place you'd find in a coastal town except the quantity is better.  If your looking for a casual, flip flop wearing locale to have awesome food and a cold Corona this is the place.  Local small business with fresh made food.  Highly recommended!

Also, they have a solid selection of San Diego micro brews.
It's always good and well priced.
Chicken tacos....
tasted like canned chicken ! 
It was dry & had NO flavor at all - not even a little salt or pepper. Tried adding the watery salsa but even that didn't make the chicken moist. And as for adding flavor the "salsa" was so hot that there was nothing to taste - just heat - and not in a good way.

The tortillas were mushy, cold and falling apart.  They looked & tasted like they were just out the bag from walmart. 

The beans are most likely right from the can and not even drained -- just mushy, wet and again flavorless.

The rice --- eh, not a lot of flavor and was still a little crunchy tasting.

Mexacali Shrimp Cocktail....
Flavor wasn't bad  but it was VERY watery and could have been a little more chunky with tomatoes. 
The shrimp at least tasted good though.
Served with salty tortilla chips and several of those tasted stale.
If this was a little more chunky it would do well in a bread bowl with the shrimp on the edge of the bread.
Cool hangout place and great food! My healthy recommendation is Ceviche Tostadas! I usually order 2 of each (2 Fish and 2 Shrimp) and I take the tostadas (shells) out. Lots of food for a good $. My kids love the fish and chips and clam chowder!
Short & Sweet

Impeccable fresh oysters!
Great fried Shrimp!
Good beer.
Fresh, though simple salad.
Ask for your fries "well done".
I wish they had gelato for the perfect dessert.
I always prefer the Mom and Pop shops to anything from a chain.  This place is a perfect example of the reason why:
1) Value: The prices here are more than fair.  We got out with our family of four for less than 35 bucks.
2) Quality:  The fish was all beyond fresh. The garnishes and tortillas were the same.  Very fresh and very tasty.
3) Service:  Casual and genuine.  The drinks never had a chance to get empty and the kids never had a chance to get bored waiting.  
4) Taste:  I personally had the mahi tacos.  Wow!  They were jammed with fish and the mango salsa paired with them was fantastic.  
This place is a must try.  Worth a drive if you aren't in the neighborhood.  My kind of food!
Didn't think it was that great. Over priced even for downtown Gilbert. Went by the owner but he didn't say anything or acknowledge.  I guess they don't need the repeat business.  Won't be back
The shark tacos were great. The slaw they put on the tacos is better than most baja mexican joints. I didn't like the ceviche. It wasn't bad, it just didn't wow me.
Food was terrific!  Service was fabulous.  Went for the first time and Ill definitely be coming back!
Best Fish Tacos around!!! owner is a true food fanatic and gets it as his family owns another High Quality Seafood Restaurant that has been around 25 plus years... Incredible Fish and Chips at a great price for a quick lunch!! best homemade cocktail sauce around!! great atmosphere and location!! always upbeat staff and treated very well and food is always prefect and ready to go on a phone call, walk in, or sit down meal!!! Highly recommended!!!! great chips and salsa and true  baja shrimp cocktails, along with a variety of other meals!!!!
Nice quaint location in downtown Gilbert. Limited indoor seating, has outdoor seating available, ample parking in public parking area behind the restaurant. 

Their menu is ample providing many choices. I tried their combo Mai and Blackened Grouper fish tacos, delicious and light fish, I wish the beans and rice was a larger serving. 

Overall good experience, great prices. Recommend highly if you like fish tacos.
The fish is good here and I like the outdoor patio area,  the atmosphere really  feels like you are in California!
Great happy hour Mon-Thurs from 3-6pm! Tacos average $2. I got the chicken and tilapia tacos, both were delicious but not to be outshined by the fish ceviche tostada for $2.50! Everything tastes remarkably fresh. 

Love the decor and outdoor patio. For a little while,  I forgot I lived in Arizona. I felt like I was eating at a establishment near the beach in California.
This is a great restaurant. The service is always good also.
The patio is a special place to sit outside and eat. I've eaten here many times and never been disappointed!
I love the food and I've eaten there frequently but I've found it's better to stick to to-go's. Everytime I've eaten in, the service is terrible. This last time I brought a group of friends, 5 total. 3 got there before the others and ordered chips and salsa, drinks and some tacos. They had to ask 4 times for the chips. Then when meals for all of us came, they brought them out two at a time. The 5th meal didn't come out for a full 15 minutes. I worked in food service and it was unacceptable to bring out partial orders. My friend sat there waiting for her meal. Server wasn't attentive (we asked for napkins several times, drinks weren't refilled). Also, as we sat on patio, a busser went to take down an umbrella from a table to fit a larger party (push the tables together). He ended up hitting a lady at another table and we were ducking and moving out of the way. A guy at another table offered to help him but he said no and kept trying to move it. It was something out if a comedy routine (turn with a large item, people ducking under). 

They also seemed to have a problem with their phones for a while. Either it would be busy, or the call would disconnect after ringing a few times. They don't have a hold system as I called one time for an order and the server asked me to hold on. It was then obvious he just placed the phone down and I could hear everything going on. I stayed on the line for about 10 minutes and by then was in the area and just went in to place the order. When I walked in, the phone was still off the hook and now had the dial tone. So for at least 15 minutes no one would have been able to get through. 

So in short I love this place for the food, but there needs to be a lot more attention to the service and the ultimate atmosphere.

Between myself, friends and fiancé, we've had a few of the tacos, appetizers, soup. Everything is pretty good. Tacos are awesome. The po boy sandwhich was literally a roll with a piece of fried fish on it. No sauces, nothing else. While presentation looked like it came from Denny's. It paled in comparison to tacos. 

2 stars for service. 4/5 for food.
The food was fantastic, very Baja Cali style but so tasty. The beers were ehh and the servers were friendly. Just a little pretentious...just a little. But seriously who cares with food that great. I would go during the day next time Bc the restaurant is as dim as a Hollister store and doesn't feel that inviting. But I'll def go there again.
Excellent prices and great food.  Had the cod tacos and chicken taquitos, finished off with a great handmade ice cream sandwich for dessert.  Great for lots of friends and families.  Sat out on the back patio under some umbrellas - middle of June in the Az and the umbrellas worked great.  Kids enjoyed it, finished their plates.  Loved this place!
Just ordered the Shrimp Tacos.  Service was great - the food came out quickly.  Food is awesome.  I don't normally like pinto beans but these are awesome!  I came for lunch - but I just told my wife I'd be down to go back for dinner! :)
There are two taco places on Gilbert Rd in close proximity and in my opinion this is the better of the two.  It is a kick back place where you get a bottle of beer and some great fish tacos. 

Nothing fancy about it but it is some of the best fish tacos I've had locally. The mahi mahi tacos are my favorite and you have to try the clam chowder as well.  My sister drives all the way from Phoenix to get their food.

I noticed that they have happy hour and I haven't had a chance to try that yet but it is definitely on the list.
Great seafood and service! I dont leave reviews unless they justify my time. So Cal fits the bill. Good prices and nice ambience.
YumYumYUM! I've been here twice in two weeks, and it's so yummy. Joyride Fish Taco is across the street and is good too, but way more expensive than this place. 

Great prices, many options, and awesome tacos.

The mahi mahi, grouper, and shrimp tacos all rock and are very flavorful. Tacos come with a small side of beans and rice and a salsa (I'm guessing homemade) that's spicy and awesome.
Cute boys & great food! The grouper fish tacos are AMAZING. I tried a few appetizers and wasn't disappointed. Overall great food for a good price.  Love.
Great servers... Very decent prices... Had clam chowder which was real treat... Fish and chips were pretty good... Would definitely come back..
Calamari was great, lobster taco was amazing and fish and chips were very good. Homemade cocktail sauce, tarter sauce and salsa all worth the trip alone.

Awesome local joint with awesome food and a fun atmosphere.
Been wanting to try this place out for a while and so glad I finally did. The service was excellent, the food was excellent, and the menu is fairly priced. I ordered a Thresher Shark Taco, Lobster Taco and a shrimp taco with mussels to start SOOO Good!
I've seen this place from the Beltline but never had the opportunity to stop.  Today I had to get an oil change nearby and took advantage of proximity.
   We were warmly greeted and seated immediately.  A comfortable booth, well lit and clean.  My dining companion needed to use the facilities and remarked that the were high end!
    Our server came promptly, was smiling and very pleasant.  Our order was taken, beverages arrived shortly and food soon followed.  I had the corned beef hash and poached eggs.  My companion had a avocado/chicken omelette with salsa and fresh fruit.
   The only negative is the coffee; typical diner quality, but with all the good roasters in Madison, it would have been nice to have a quality cup.
    So, give this place a try.
Before I moved to the far east side of Madison, The Egg & I was my go to weekend morning breakfast joint. 
I would sure like to know what brand of coffee they are serving, because it is absolutely delicious! 
They have ample serving sizes and tons of seating! Huge parking area!

What I enjoy most about this restaurant is the fact that they are only open for breakfast and lunch. The quality of their food shows that they can put more effort into making a great breakfast vs. planning for the dinner menu later in the day. What a great concept!

If I had to suggest ordering one thing, it would be the green chili (as a side for dipping and spreading on eggs and potatoes). It's pretty fantastic! 

I also enjoy the fact that they have so many choices for other side orders and bread choices. Sour dough! My favorite!

As for the lunch menu, they have burgers, salads, and sandwiches. nothing too specials. Just great prices quality food. 

Honestly, I wish that they would expand and make a new Egg & I on the east side of Madison. You would find me eating there at least once a month.
Staff is nice, friendly & helpful... coffee is hot & plentiful... prices were reasonable... food yummy! Restroom was kinda strange... shared with other local businesses in building... but kept clean...
Just had my first meal here, service was friendly but slow, but no worries, I wasn't in a hurry and she was new :) I built my own omelet for $8.99 3 eggs with turkey sausage, mushrooms and feta includes toast and ranch potatoes or grits. I only ate half my food, huge portions, but now I got food for supper tonight :) I really liked this place, I will be back.
Amazing food!!! Very satisfied with not only the seafood but the other Mexican selections as well. Also great service, very nice and friendly staff.
Whoa! Pleasant surprise! Service was great and food was so good!! I will definitely come back for more when i return to Vegas! This is the kind of place off the strip that you get lucky to find.  

Food was fresh and delicious! I had the shrimp empanadas as an appetizer - the best! 

The seafood mocajete was boiling and filled with all kinds of yummy seafood!
Loved their food!!!!! The waiter was super helpful and friendly. One of Vegas best kept secrets. The food is authentic. By far the best fried ice cream I ever had. The chef takes the time to cook every meal and it really shows the care and time they put into their food and restaurant. Can't wait to come back to Vegas and eat here again.
Great service and food was delicious! Pleasantly surprised. Will definitely come back next time im in Vegas!
Another hidden gem in DT Las Vegas. I started with the shrimp empanadas. They were really good, the green salsa was very flavorful. I had the lobster and I also enjoyed her aguachiles. Cant wait to come back next time we are in town. No beer but I think they are working on it.
OMG!!! My mouth still can't believe what I just ate....  My aguachiles tostada was the bomb!!!!! The best aguachiles tostada I have eaten so far, so full of flavor and tasty, and the shrimp was so fresh.... my husband was happy with his langosta plate, it was good too. Great food overall, definitely will come back next time we are in town :)
Found this place on yelp while visiting Las Vegas. Excellent food, excellent prices, excellent service!!!
You have probably heard the saying "don't judge a book by is  cover" and this saying is true about this restaurant. I will admit that at first glance we were hesitant to stop and eat, because its not very attractive from the outside nor it's in the best neighborhood, but trust me stop by and try it we are glad we did. The food is great and the service even better. My 5 year old son ordered a simple fish fillet grilled and they made it just like he likes it. My wife ordered a stuffed pineapple with mixed seafood and it was awesome. I ordered a stuffed fish fillet with mixed seafood and I was not disappointed. Highly recommend this place.
Hands down best Mexican restaurant I've ever been to! Everything is fresh and homemade, from the horchata to the tortillas! Yum!
My friends recommended las islatas, but I decided to give this place a try, and WOW you won't be disappointed this place is so good, will definitely be back
Really really good marisco place when visiting Vegas this is the place to go for mariscos their food is delicious and customer service is excellent!!!
Our friend recommended this place. We loved it. We started out with aguachiles and it's really good and spicy. I ordered a campechana and my brother got  caldo de pollo. Everything was delicious. We will definitely be back.
This place is 45 minutes away from my house. The fish tacos are that amazing. This place is absolutely yummy. The server / everything is great as well!
First time here and the food was delicious... I tasted the tostada de aguachile (bomb) tostada mixta frita and the fish taco and it was all very very tasty. I would def recommend this place to anyone and I will def b back!
Ordered the aquachiles and some ceviche tostadas, highly recommend this place. Its Really good and great customer service, also the horchata was great!!
Amazing and authentic. Juanito provides fabulous service!! Can't wait to come and eat when I'm back in vegas!!
Favorite Mexican restaurant in town! I always say good Mexican is hard to find but I have now found the best! I eat here about once a week and the food is always to die for. I have never had anything bad here. I love all of their daily specials and usually just go with the special. The owner is a really nice guy and is always accommodating as well.
Word of advice, don't blink because you will miss it if you do!  It's just a little hole in the wall in a little strip mall on Charleston and Maryland.
I've been using Yelp for quite some time now, but never wrote a review. I figured I'd finally start contributing so here goes.

Just went and visited Mariscos Playa Escondida. I was definitely impressed. Décor is kind of cheesy. Plastic birds, lots of mirrors, blue paint. It seemed like you'd find this place close to the ocean rather than in a desert like Vegas, which is good since this is a seafood place.

The owner/waiter was really nice, he recommended the shrimp and said the spicy style was really good, but I wasn't feeling like hurting my belly for the sake of taste so I opted for the garlic one. It was really good. Came with rice, beans, salad and tortillas. I thought the main course was great. Fresh, smelled good, and looked appetizing. I will definitely come back and try something new.

Only thing I'll dock them for is not so great chips, but heck, can't complain about the free appetizer so still 5 stars. Here's to my first review of hopefully many. Luckily, I'm not a jaded reviewer just quite yet so I'll probably just be reviewing places I like.
Do not judge a book by its cover! This "off the beaten path" divey looking place has the best Mexican seafood I've ever eaten. Walking in I was unsure of what to expect. The trepidation immediately ended when the very friendly and attentive waiter brought out the agua chilies we ordered. Amazing flavor and very fresh. seafood that you wouldn't imagine you'd find in the desert. We also ordered the small parrillada and it was amazing! I was a bit surprised to see that this place had all 5 star reviews and wanted to see if it was true and let me tell you that 5 stars does not do it justice! I'll be back!
THIS IS NOT A DRILL!! 
I had to go back and see if maybe all the drinking had negatively affected my cerebrum and it's ability to make an accurate assessment of said restaurant. Naw, my cerebrum was right on. This place is in fact Mexican seafood nirvana. My family and I all had different menu items and all four of them were excellent. I hate I'm leaving Las Vegas tomorrow as I'd love to come back and get some more of this superb seafood. Until next time MPE, until next time.
After seeing nothing but 5 stars, I figured I'd give it a try. Once again, yelp has not let me down great service, great ambiance (a little old) and most of all GREAT food!! Coming back soon and telling my friends.
Great service and good food! This is the place to be if you're hungover, they'll definitely take care of you here.
Aguachile tostadas were delicious! Real authentic. Shrimp cocktail was ok. Owner is very nice.
I went there with my wife and another couple during a visit to Las Vegas and was impressed with the restaurant.  It is a family owned seafood restaurant serving dishes that reminded me of my dining experiences in Mexico.  The seafood was fresh with authentic preparation with friendly and helpful service.  The prices were reasonable and the portions were healthy.  All-in-all it was a great meal and a great experience.  I would recommend this restaurant and I plan to go there when I visit Las Vegas again.  This place is a real GEM.
Everytime we go on vacation we use yelp to find hidden gems! Playa Eacondida is one of those hidden gems that once you go once you can't wait to come back! We were on vacation in Las Vegas for a week and visited this place 3 separate times!! We tried the aguachiles- LOVED THEM! The pescado sandandeado-AMAZING! And the Parilla de mariscos is a must try!  This place is a must visit if you live in the area and love mariscos!!! We will definitely be back next time we visit Las Vegas!
Awesome food. Awesome service as well. We got there and im 5-6 minutes from ordering we had our food. The food tasted amazing and was very well portioned.  This is a go to placenif you're in vegas and want some bomb sea food!
Im always on the look out for Hole in the Walls and Hidden Gems. This is definitely one of them. The ambiance is what ever but thats what makes it a hole on the wall. I got the Telocete Shrimp which was delicious but I just wished it came with peeled shrimp instead of unpeeled where I had to do some work but thats ok cuz the sauce was great! The rice, beans and side salad tasted kind of plain. The service was great. Since it was my first time I was asking my server a bunch of questions which he answered greatly and you can tell the food is fresh. I would def go back but plan on trying something different.
Unique blend of Mexican food infused with Hawaiian flavors! All the meats are flavorful, my favorite is the Kalua pig bowl and guacamole! The salsas really compliment the meats well. The coconut bark is Delish too! This place is a must try!
I was wasting time the other day nursing a hangover and complaining that only a burrito would nourish me back to health. A few minutes later, I received a tweet from Braddah's saying it was their soft opening and all burritos were free! What the what?!

I looked the address and they are less than a half mile of my house. I hopped into my ride and cruised on over.

They are occupying the space that was a KFC forever, then the Mad Greek Cafe. Located just North of the Sahara and Rainbow intersection behind McDonalds. 

When I walked in, I was greeted by two ladies, who handed me a paper menu and informed me that EVERYTHING was free for the day. 

There is a variety of options: SALAD, BURRITO, BOWLS, or TACOS.
MEATS: Veggies, Fish, Kalua Pork, Chicken
Seaweed rice
Black beans or pinto beans
Then all toppings are free:
grilled veggies, fruit infused salsas, fresh jalapenos, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, guacamole, and a few others.

I opted for a Kalua Pig Bowl. It was off the charts. Everything was loaded in my bowl and I mixed it all together. Perfectly seasoned. The meat was tender and juicy, the guacamole was fresh. Absolutely Aloha in a bowl. I loved it.

I cannot wait to go back and spread the word on this locally owned and Ohana (family) based business. I will be back and will be for sure spreading the ALOHA!
The meats, by themselves, were flavorful.  They even let us sample all of them.  Basically, it's like a Hawaiian-flavored Chipotle -  choose burrito, bowl, or taco, then your fillings of choice.  The salsas sounded great. I don't know if they were having an off-night, but the salsas were very bland.  The meats are at the core of the flavor here but about half-way through my burrito, I had eaten all the meat and was left with beans, rice, and a bunch of guacamole.  Kalua pig quesadillas were great and tasted better than the trio of tacos and burrito.  We were given some coconut bark to taste, and they were awesome. It actually looked like soda crackers coated with caramel and chocolate topped with coconut.  Very good dessert.

They are definitely generous with their guacamole, and the staff up front were helpful and gracious.  We did notice that when an order was put in for our grilled fish, one of the grill guys rolled their eyes, which made us feel a little apprehensive about quality issues.

In the end, the food was okay (nothing to write home about, except for the bark), and some of the service issues can probably be attributed to the restaurant just opening but one of the grill guys needs to check his attitude at the door.

I hope this restaurant does well, but I think it needs to calibrate taste and distribution of ingredients in the food.
Awesome place a Hawaiian version of chipotle but 10x better.  The meat actually had some flavor to it the salsas tasted like they weren't out of a bottle not spicy at all unfortunately but the have jalapenos.  We got a fish burrito and 2 pig burritos the fish is not the best but went well with the burrito.  The pig is tender still has flavor very well done.  They also have a pineapple green sauce that well Id eat on anything.  The meat is a little light so get the second portion.

Going back soon got more things to try from this place and the kids portions are 3 and change and I am eating my boys leftovers right now.
So, anything that sounds Hawaiian is a must try, especially in Vegas.

I had heard they were going to open, but didn't know when, so today when I drove by on my way to work, I noticed the sign and knew I had to try it. 

The drive through is not functioning yet, so I went inside. the first time might be good, the menu isn't big nor complicated but you gotta know your choices and seeing the whole board helps. 

First, pick put the type, burrito, bowl, salad or taco. Choose your meat, add the 'filler' like rice, beans, cabbage, etc....

Next add the salas, finally add all the other condiments like guacamole and sour cream. Oh yah, you can top it off with a saald dressing too!

I got a salad, huli huli chicken, (small bite size grilled slightly crispy outside chicken) with bed of romaine lettuce, add the spicy tomato with grilled Maui onion,  ( don't worry, it's not spicy at all, buy savory), I added sour cream, guacamole with hawaiian pink salt, and the roasted sesame gingerette (tasted the sesame but ginger not so much).

It was really good,  enjoyed it and will difinitly be back to try more! Friendly staff, excellent service and good flavors!
Loved the Kalua Pig!! Really fairly priced and Chris is super passionate about his recipes! I've got nothing but love for this place!!  DON'T FORGET TO EAT THE COCONUT BARK! IT'S AMAZING!! I'll be visiting often!!
Wow I'm ecstatic this Hawaiian style Chipotle is near my gym....eeeeeeek hope my coach isn't reading this. :)

Burritos, bowls, tacos, etc.  They are on the corner of Rainbow/Sahara next to McDonalds.  When we walked in they greeted us with Aloha, asked if we have been here and started to serve us up some samples to help us decide which meat we wanted.  So nice to taste before we order.  I like that their ingredients are not salty compared to Chipotle, very simply flavored, BBQ style, not drenched in oil.  

I chose the Pulehu Steak Burrito pretty much the whole shabang.  Let me tell you, the buggah was mEEEEaaaaan.  After my hard work at the gym, then feeding my empty belly, you had one satisfied girl. 

PS Coconut Bark is on point, don't you dare walk out of this place not tasting it.  The delicious chocolate topped with coconut in between a layor of some kind of breading and bottomed off what tastes like salted caramal...Mmmm hmmmm, it was that good.
Awesome Hawaiian style food and great salads!!!! The salted caramel chocolate coconut bark is so good!! The burritos are great and it is so easy to order. Great place to stop on our road trip. We will defiantly go to this restaurant again when we drive through Las Vegas and the staff was so friendly! 5 stars!!
Was cruising the workplace's corporate perks and noticed that Braddah's was newly added to Restaurant.com's list. (The dining certificates are always a great way to try out a new place.) Loved it! As first time customers we were given a sample of the meats; which should have made our choice easier, it didn't. After dithering back and forth, my friend settled on the huli huli chicken burrito with the works and the spicy and medium salsas and myself on three soft tacos (two fish and one kalua pig). I had the rice, cabbage, guacamole, one of each salsa, and cheese. Loved the flavor mix. Liked the three different salsas; heat from the tomato with maui onion had just the right kick, the mango corn and grilled pepper was light and refreshing, and the charred pineapple verde went really well with my fish. Actually, everything went well with everything. The meats and fish were very flavorful (as attested to by the others), moist, and tender. Staff was friendly and helpful, oh yeah, don't forget patient. Definitely a return trip is in order.
I have been here a couple of times and the staff and food are awesome.  The staff is super friendly and helpful.  If you have not been there before, they offer a sample of their meats to try.  I like all the meats, but my favorite is the huli huli chicken.  Hubs and daughter like the Kalua Pig.  We have only tried the bowls, but next time I will probably get a burrito.  

If you like sweets, they have coconut bark for dessert.  It reminds me of "Christmas Crack" (Saltine Toffee Candy), but with coconut.  

I hope this restaurant is successful and sticks around.  I will be back!
I had a buy one get one free. I called ahead of time and spoke to a very nice lady about carry out. Five minutes later I picked up my order an took it to work. Kaluah pig was very moist and flavorful. The veggies had a great taste and the guacamole was on point. I will keep coming back!
I heard about Braddah's when they followed me on twitter. I was curious so I followed them back. The phrase "Chipotle Hawaiian Style" was mentioned often so I decided to give them a try.

My first time was a few days after Braddah's opened their doors. I was greeted warmly by a young man and he offered me a taste of all three meats- Huli Huli Chicken, Pulehu Steak and the instantly famous Kalua Pig. All three are incredibly delicious. 

I ordered a bowl with Seaweed Rice, lettuce, sour cream, cheese and the PIg. Wonderful!!! But not enough. I ordered the same thing to take home. The young man who greeted me asked how I heard of them and I said that Braddah's follows me on twitter. He then said the magic phrase of "I'm going to give you a free Coconut Bark for following us back".

The Coconut Bark . . . .  can I properly describe it? A thick layer of salty caramel, a crunchy layer of cracker, a layer of chocolate and topped with finely shredded coconut. So incredibly mouth-wateringly scrumptious, it should have a legal limit attached to it. (Thank goodness it doesn't!!)

I've tried the salad, the tacos and the burrito on other visits. My favorite is the flour burrito with Double Pig and Steak, black beans, lettuce, cheese and sour cream. I like the Charred Pineapple Verde on the side.

The drive thru is open until 11:00 pm which is great for those of us who want to swing by after work. I've been there half a dozen times already. I just can't get enough.

Welcome to Vegas, Braddah's - please don't ever leave !!!

**edited to add this update**
They've been open a little over a month, I've been there 9 times. Ohhh my goodness, how I love Braddah's !!!!!!
Delicious! This place is a must try. Its the same concept as Chipotle but Hawaiian Style. The staff is super friendly, the food is REAL delicious Hawaiian food :) Thank God for Groupon or I wouldn't have know about it. Give this place a try your stomach will thank you.

I got a Kalua Pig Bowl with the Verde Pineapple salsa, my boyfriend got a Huli Huli Chicken bowl, and at the end the owner brought us delicious dessert I can't remember the name but it was chocolate with coconut
Delicious! The Kalua PiG and Huli Huli Chicken is great. I will be returning soon.Thank you Groupon for suggesting this place.
I had heard about this place and was excited to try them and doubly excited when I saw the Groupon pop up recently. We headed there for a quick lunch. This place has a very simple concept. Burritos, tacos, bowl and salads a la Chipotle with Hawaiian flavors. They offered us samples of their different protein options before we ordered. We really liked the huli huli chicken so my fella and I both opted for this choice. I ordered the bowl and he the salad, although they had pretty much the same ingredients from what I could see. You choose all the toppings you want. I opted for seaweed rice with grilled vegetables as an add on with corn salsa, cabbage, romaine lettuce, sour cream and cheese. My fella got the same, but added black beans to his. 

All the ingredients were incredibly fresh and made from recipes personally created by the owner. It was fantastic. He even came around to everyone's table to make sure everyone was enjoying their food and let us know he created all the recipes himself. Everything we had was fantastic and I made sure to buy a few more Groupons for our next few visits. They have a drive thru as well, which is incredibly convenient.  

Make sure you to like their Instagram and Facebook for daily promotions. Sunday was Slipper Sunday and we got free chips and guacamole since my fella was wearing sandals.
Pretty much as all the other reviews mentioned, same concept as Chipotle, but with a Hawaiian twist.This place was very professional in terms of appearance. It didn't have the typical "rough around the edges" family owned business type of feel so I was already impressed. Right upon walking in they offer to give me samples of the different meats, I was initially going to have the pork since it's their signature but after tasting the samples I opted for the chicken instead because I liked the flavor more. Just from that gesture the service was already off to a good start. The chicken was Teriyaki but not so strong of a flavor which is good so you can taste the other elements in your burrito or bowl. I must say since I frequently eat at Chipotle I am accustomed to their portion sizes and Braddah's is slightly smaller, almost to the point I would need to order a side. I was given a free sample of dessert which is what they call "coconut bark" and I absolutely loved it. It was like a gram cracker (not really sure) covered with chocolate and coconut flakes. I would actually come here just to have this. While eating I noticed the owner was doing some accounting paperwork at another table, usually owners of new businesses greet diners while eating and I guess he was too consumed into what he was doing? Overall good place, just kinda far from where I live.
Layers of flavor, fast n friendly. Homerun on this one.
I went there for the first time today during lunch, and I was impressed by the customer service as soon as you walk in, there great. They had me try all these samples which was great. I finally made my selection and that's when I lost interest in this place. They were so stingy with all there stuff, the portions were so small it was like getting an appetizer. The guy behind the counter used tongs to get the food and would shake the tongs to where the food would fall off and only put what was in the tongs on your bowl, REALLY like two ounces of fish?! Along with all the other stuff it was really small. I paid $10 for food and drink and wasn't pleased with the size of the portions they gave. CHIPOTLE is cheaper and you get more for your money.. I'd hate for a potentially good business to go out for being stingy with food! Common guys make your portions bigger for the price you charge
Food is good but don't go there hungry there very stingy with the portions they give I paid $10 for two ounces of fish and half a bowl of food RIP OFF
Great kalua pig!!! All ingredients were fresh and service was great... Try this place!
I hate to be the critical one since everyone else raved about this place but I thought it was ok. I ordered the 3 tacos so that I got to try most of the meats. I got the chicken, kahlua pig, and steak. Beware! The steak has chinese five spice in it! That was the taco I didn't eat; I hate five spice. The chicken and kahlua pig were good; however, I prefer the chicken. We also got an order of the chips and guacamole. The guac was good but the chips were stale. We exchanged it for another bag but those were also stale. On the plus side, the service was great! The counter employees got us through fast and were super friendly. They even came by to check on us. If I could suggest one thing... Mac salad! Mac salad is something I look forward to at hawaiian restaurants but they did not have it here. I get the chipotle concept with chips and salsa but a side of mac salad with my tacos would have topped it off just right!
Very Ono! We ate Kalua Pig tacos, Huli Huli Chicken Burritos & Pulehu Beef Bowl.  Makes me feel like home. Definitely recommend!
Super onolicious semi-local kine grindz! Braddah's is da winna!
Kalua pig is a must try! Huli-huli chicken is pretty good for haole standard. Pulehu steak is so so. 
Da furikake rice wanna-be is tasty but they put too little rice for hawaiian plate standard. 
I think they should localize it a bit more by having 2 scoops of mac salad as a side option or maybe add spam as a meat choice. 
Will definitely spread the word and will be back soon for sure!
We came here on a Friday evening and ordered 
1. Flour burrito with Kalua pig $6.95
2. 3 tacos with Huli Huli chicken $6.95
3. Quesadilla with chicken $3.50 (4 slices)
4. side of guacamole ?
for the price of the groupon ($10 for $20 value). It came out to $20.27, but waived the change

- Next to McDonalds and Buffet of Asia. 
- Dead on, Hawaiian-style Chipotle.
- Very generous. We told them that it was our first time here and they gave of a free sample of the Kalua pig with mango and roasted corn in an actual serving bowl for us to sample! Haha. 
- Clean. Fast food. Friendly "ohana" service. 
- Choice of flour or wheat tortilla for burrito. 
- Sour cream isn't extra but guacamole is.
- Burrito is delicious. The pork was flavorful! I taste the island-flavor! Salty and sweet.
- Tacos were crispy and fresh.
- Chicken taste like a mix of pineapple, sugar, and ginger. Sweet. 
- Quesadilla was a bit disappointing. Very cheesy but also really greasy. 
- I recommend the Mango and roasted corn salsa! Excellent!
- Great creativity. Love the fusion. 
- Only wish that they have a salsa bar, chips, limes, and jalepeno peppers. Now, that would be truly amazing. Otherwise, the Groupon made it terrific buy for what it's worth.
So finally got around too checking out yet another local style action in Vegas. One that has rather unique name but one that truly backs up the "Aloha" Spirit!! The first step walked in the whole staff shouts out "Aloha". Everyone is extremely helpful comes too the menu. It not your typical plate lunch action local style food. It goes in three different steps so for first timer like me (lot of confusion). The staff takes you through each one going over the options. If your expecting some mac salad, two scoops rice, or spam musubi on the menu not going too get it. =( On the other hand I enjoyed the fact really different approach  first step you can either get it in burrito wrap style, rice bowl style, or one more not remember. The protein grilled fish, kailua pork (one need too get on my next visit), and went for the huli huli chicken. I got it on bowl style with brown rice and not too much on top just black beans, and spicy tomato/maui onion salsa. You could go crazy make it full on chicken salad. I wanted too taste the chicken. I really enjoyed! IIt was nice moist, get nice portion (not just chicken but all the proteins), and had great huli huli chicken flavor you would go pick up for fundraiser action back home at some school. The black beans was ok. The salsa was winnah. It was nice little kick too it. The tomato tasted nice fresh and combine with sweet maui onion nice touch. I got some chips with side of guacamole. The guacamole was ok. The chips were solid. It nice light, crispy, and right amount of salt. Between the guacamole and the salsa. I could have had chips all night be happy braddah. Just kicking back listening too local style music some braddah "IZ". 

The owner if awesome. The guy goes around asking if you like everything and next thing know talking stories about the islands. I love the interior can tell they put nice brighter color too it then the prior owner some Greek place never been. All the art work had Hawaii little on the touristy prints but others had more local style vibe. The music. Now if enjoy listening too local Hawaiian music PLUS action cause all they played during my lunch. They even have drive-thru also. 

Really could almost say Braddah's Island Style is healthy option minus the mac salad. You can have the option of brown rice, pick your sides all healthier side (seen you can even go protein and rice), and not going too break your bank either. Love the atmosphere and for sure plan on coming back for some kalua pig!! Till next time..
This place's style is similar to Chipotle, but with a Hawaiian flavor. And it blows Chipotle out of the water. The Kalua Pig is awesome!! Plus all the salsa and dressings are made fresh every day.
I saw this place on Groupon and thought that it looked interesting, so we gave it a try. I am so glad I did. The first thing we noticed when we walked in was the clean modern decor. I was very impressed. Very spacious dining room and outside seating. The menu consisted of tacos, burritos, bowls etc. Your typical Chipotle menu, but what made it stand out was the meat selections were all Hawaiian local style preparations such as pulehu steak, kalua pig, huli huli chicken and grilled fish. The girl behind the counter generously offered a sample of the kalua pig which I found to be delicious, tender and juicy. We ordered 3 huli huli chicken burritos, a kalua pig bowl and a kalua pig burrito along with a kids menu cheese quesadilla. The kids meal comes with tortilla chips and a drink. Although we were thoroughly impressed by the food and the service, what really pleased me is that they pay attention to the small details like the cutlery, napkins, and to-go bags. All of these were pretty "high end" when it comes to disposables. The napkin was nice and thick, the kind you would get at an actual nice sit down restaurant. The cutlery was sturdy and the to go bag was not some cheap plastic bag, it was a nice, large, sturdy shopping bag with handles. 
I know this place is new, and I really hope they make it. I know I will definitely spread the word and keep coming back especially during my lunch breaks at work because they ingeniously also have a DRIVE THRU! Yay!!!
If I could add more stars I would!!! This place is AMAZING. 
First the reason why people go to restaurants... The food. The food was excellent. They let me try a few of the meats prior to ordering. The steak was juicy and full of flavor. The chicken wasn't anything short of amazing and the Kailua pork nearly melted in my mouth. I couldn't pick just one for my tacos so I got one of each. The staff recommended which condiments went best with each meat and I must admit they were spot on. 

Now the reason that sets places apart from the pack, the staff. The staff was extremely welcoming and engaging. They had tons of recommendations for the food as well. The owner was behind the counter and extremely friendly. I am always impressed when the owner is present. He came out and talked to all the customers. You could tell he takes pride in this place. 

I will be back often.
Let me start off by saying how sad I am that I'm not giving this place 5 stars because I really wanted to do so. Been wanting to try it so purchased the Groupon & went there in between classes.

The prices could be comparable to Chipotle & Zabas so I thought portions would be quite the same but I was wrong. Concept was the same but portions, not so much. Ordered a bowl with rice & Pulehu steak with mostly all the fixins (salsa, cheese, sour cream, beans, lettuce). The fixins took over my bowl pretty much. I had to dig through the mountain of toppings to even try the steak. Oh how delicious it was but I only had about 6 or so good pieces in it. And my bowl lacked rice. My palm was bigger. It was yummy though but I felt like I just ordered a big bowl of lettuce and salsa.

My food was not warm either. My bf had the burrito and he said his was room temp. Mine was actually somewhat cold because of the amount of lettuce on it. 

We also ordered chips and salsa. All I know is that my chips were so stale and chewy and it was hard to bite into.. All for $5. Sigh..

Basically, I left my bowl of lettuce, cheese and salsa on the table, a bit disappointed. Really wanted to love this place. I'm from Hawaii & God knows how excited I was to try it. Thank goodness for the Groupon though..

I'll come back soon. Maybe it's just today. They're really friendly & food tasted good. A couple kinks here & there but it has potential so I'm looking forward to trying it again, for sure.
Chipotle meets the Islands.   I purchased a Groupon and was able to order more than my usual amount of food.  Staff are super helpful and offered us a sample of the meats.  Both the kalua pig and huli huli chicken are delicious - couldn't make up my mind.  Had three tacos with each meat - with their rice, salsa, guac and cabbage.  Fantastic value and totally yummy.  Portions are HUGE - I think it is a matter of which fixings you want as I couldn't eat more than one and a half taco - and I can eat!   Coconut Bark is a must.  Delicious food - friendly staff.  Definitely a must try.  Take your time to review the menu before you order - many yummy items.   I hope this place comes to California.  Check it out!
Hawaiian style Chipotle is how they have branded themselves and that is just exactly what they are.. We were greeted immediately by lots of friendly workers who offered us samples of the Huli Huli chicken and Kalua pork.. We decided on the Huli Huli chicken bowl & the kalua pork burrito.. Portions are HUGE and so we could only finish about half of each.. Food was ONO hehe.. I really liked the nori rice.. But you really can't go wrong with anything here.. We also got the Coconut Bark which is basically a Salt River Bar... Bad for you but deliciously addicting :]]] 

Boyfriend added guacamole to his burrito but wasn't told it was an extra charge (not that it matters) so the cashier refused to charge him for it! GREAT SERVICE and lots of smiling faces.. The owner even stopped by our table to chit chat.. Turns out he will be opening a couple more locations in LV..! They use real silverware and bowls so you can just leave your mess at the table.. Don't forget to tip! +1 for their drive-thru

HOT TIP: Sometimes they have a promotion where you get free chips and dip when you wear sandals.. Just ask them about it! And get the Groupon before it sells out!
Yum! My friends and I went to Braddahs today for lunch and can't wait to go back. I had the salad with Kalua pig and grilled veggies, black beans and brown rice, topped with sesame gingerette salad dressing and grilled pineapple salsa. So delicious! The pork was so tender and flavorful. We were given samples of the chicken and steak and they were all so good that it was hard to choose. The staff was super friendly and explained everything since it was our first visit. The owner is great... he spoke with us us several times, offering recommendations and and explaining his concept and background. As great as lunch was, by far the most amazing part of the meal was the coconut bark. It is the perfect combination of sweet and salty and melts in your mouth. Can't wait to go back!
Groupons make the world go round or they do in my world. We stopped by for some weekend lunch. Food was solid and service was too. The owner came around and made sure we were having a good time. Tried the chicken bowl and it was real good. Even got free chips and guac because I was wear slippers. Not a fan of guac, but it went well with their salsa.
While I realize reviews can't be based solely on the staff, this place is a five star restaurant on service alone. The food completely lives up to the service. 
I took my wife and daughters here for lunch, and was immediately greeted by the owner, with a handshake and a welcoming smile. It was immediately apparent the owner was passionate about his craft when he proudly had us sample his hand crafted recipes for Pork, Beef, and Chicken. They were absolutely amazing. Moist, fresh, and perfectly cooked. The owner talked about his passion for fresh food, and his desire to bring something unique and healthy to Las Vegas, and he delivers. You might think this is another Chipotle, or Zabas but ah you would be wrong. Something about an artisan hand crafting the food he is passionate about that can not be matched by a big chain and employees who have no stake in the business' success. This has the potential to be the next big thing. Unique recipes, huge portion, and humble prices. This is definitely one not to miss, and is sure to be a Vegas favorite. The owner said they are going to be opening a second location at Durango and Centennial very soon! Thanks for an excellent dining experience, you have a few new regulars!
SERVICE AMAZING! FOOD AMAZING!! 
We love Braddah's - Took the whole family including the grandkids and all of them totally loved the food. Everything was outstanding! Sorry Chipotle, this place has the same concept, but the flavors are so much better! And the staff are just incredible! We will be back/ :-)
Island style Chipotle is the accurate description of this place...but perhaps with a little less organization compared to its corporate counterpart.  Okay, so I ended up ordering a quesadilla with kahlua pork and asked to have an adult size version of it.  I had to correct them twice that I would like meat in it when I was ordering.  When it arrived at the table, it was a tad bit greasy and the meat was all smushed to one side and not evenly spread out.  Also the exterior was soggy due to it being cooked in wrapped foil...I like my quesadillas to have a nice crunch on the exterior.  The flavor of the kahlua was good, but they also failed to give me any fixings like sour cream or guac to accompany the quesadilla.  My fiance ordered the 3 taco combo and I must say that looked more delicious than my order.  He tried the huli huli chicken, mahi mahi, and the kahlua pig and his tacos were overflowing with guac/sour cream/salsa.  As I was in line waiting for our order, I heard the lady behind me say loudly, "kinda stingy with the meat, eh."  I turned to see what she was ordering and they put the two smallest pieces of fish I've ever seen in her rice bowl....eek!  If you are looking for value go with the tacos instead of the rice bowl...because she was right, they are stingy!  The coconut chocolate bark was just okay in my mind, but I'm not a big sweets person and this is SWEET! Overall, I'd give them another try since the samples I had of the other meats were delicious.  I probably wouldn't order the quesadilla again and probably won't order the rice bowl unless I feel like being a semi-vegetarian that day.
Tried this place with a Groupon today at lunch and we were very pleased!  We ordered pork burritos and they were huge. I read a few reviews on the portion sizes being on the small side but not with the burritos.  The service was also outstanding.  They offered us samples of the meat when we walked in since we have never been here before.  The pork was definitley my favorite but the chicken was also really tasty. 

Check this place out for the big fat burritos and great prices. And don't forget the coconut bark - you'll be hooked.
Ok, as you are reading this, there is Hawaiian music playing in the background.

Now picture yourself at a luau on a beach in Hawaii. Hula dancers shaking their hips. Dudes spinning their fire pole thingy. Ha ha, that's a nice visual. Anyways, all you did was walk into a Braddah's Island Style restaurant. Ok, you can stop the music now. Actually when you go there they really do play Hawaiian music. 

When you come here, your options are simple with 5 easy steps. 

STEP 1. You pick whether you want a Burrito (flour or wheat tortilla), Bowl (bed of seaweed rice), Salad (bed of romaine lettuce), 3 Tacos (soft flour or crispy corn). 

STEP 2. Pick your meats. Huli Huli Chicken, Kalua Pig, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Fish, or just Grilled Veggies. 

STEP 3. Pick your toppings. Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Shredded Cabbage, Romaine Lettuce, and Grilled Veggies (for a charge).

STEP 4. Pick your salsa. Charred Pineapple Verde (mild), Mango and Roasted Corn (medium), Tomato with grilled Maui Onion (spicy).

STEP 5. Pick even more toppings. Sour Cream, Cheese, Lettuce, Jalapenos, Cabbage, Lime, and Guacomole (for an extra charge).

Of course you can put any or all of the toppings on to your entrée selection. I can also describe how all this tastes, but that just wont do it justice. You need to come here and sample their product, which they will happily give to you.

Last but not least, finish it off with Coconut Bark. A salty and sweet concoction that will make your sweet tooth want to jump out of your mouth and make a residence here. This is their only dessert option but honestly, that's all you need.

Chris, the owner who was just behind the counter helping make orders, was also walking around bussing tables and talking to every customer that was there making sure everything was ok. When he came up to me, I had all sorts of questions for him and to my surprise, he answered every one of them sincerely. Things like more promotional menu items like Shrimp and Kalbi Ribs for starters. I was impressed by his honest response to any and all criticism that I had. That's the type of owner I like. One who listens to their customers and takes things to heart. Now if this is how the owner acts, I can only assume all his employees will have the same positive attitude.

Some random info. At the time of this review there is a 20 dollar for 10 Groupon so take full advantage. They have free wifi and the code is on the wall above you when you come in. On Sundays, if you come wearing sandals or flip flops, you get free chips and salsa with your order. They take cards. Their dining room is spacious and equipped with napkins and some kind of good tasting Hawaiin sauce. They have two separate solo bathrooms for men and women.  And lastly, they have a drive thru!

So a big mahalo to Chris and his staff. You just got yourself a customer for life!
Went here from across town to use my restaurant.com certificate and was made like I committed fraud.  Its not my fault I shouldn't suffer for it.  They should add shrimp to meat choices.  Owner went from front of house to back of house to help but didn't appear to wash hands
Friends of mine mentioned to me  this place is GOOD. So I had to try it. You know what, this place is GOOD. It has the same concept as that other hispanic restaurant around town.  But BRADDAHs has GREAT hawaiian style food here. I ordered a burrito w/ PULEHU STEAK, PINEAPPLE VERDE SALSA & SEAWEED RICE all wrapped in a  wheat tortilla. The steak was FLAVORFUL and TENDER, the salsa was REALLY GOOD and the seaweed rice was just as GOOD. DEFINITELY GOING BACK! Almost forgot, you have to try the COCONUT CHOCOLATE BARK dessert. IT IS TO DIE FOR! It reminds of when I was a kid eating and enjoying ALMOND ROCA. BRADDAHs ranks among my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.
Two Words = Great Service.

Everyone is super nice at this restaurant and that in itself sets them apart from many restaurants in Vegas.

1 star = Quick assembly line, and every one behind the glass is super nice and friendly. What a great way to start a meal!

2 stars = The owner introduced himself, let us try some meats, and made sure we were enjoying our meal! Now that's how you handle business and return customers!

3 stars = Kalua pig flavor = bombtastic. Explodes in your mouth with flavor and does not taste anything like a fast food staple. 

4 stars = COCONUT BARK = to die for. I wish this restaurant was closer to home so I can always have a refill on my coconut bark. They are $3.50 a bag but so worth it and it comes with a lot. But definitely hate to share, so get your own! Haha!

Lacks the 5th star only because my tacos and fiance's burrito was tearing apart as we were eating them. Must be the strategy in wrapping and filling that needs to be worked on as the restaurant is fairly new. But all in all, great place for fast food, chipotle Hawaiian style goodness!

That coconut bark though! Ugh...it haunts me!
Love the food!! amazing service! All of the food was fresh and fast in and out service. Enjoyed the variety of salsas and different types of meats. Def rec. the desserts! I will be back many times.
Annudah Braddah Fan!
Had a Groupon, so we checked it out the other night. OMG...best experience we've ever had at a "fast food" venue! Walking in, they asked if it was our first time. "Yes." So they gave us samples of the meats to try.  Hubby couldn't get over how moist the grilled chicken pieces were; and I would fight anybody for more of their Kalua pig! Can't wait to go try the steak and fish.
Be judicious with the many, many choices of add-ons. For instance, I won't combine the nori-studded rice with the Kalua pork again. Don't want anything to overpower that melt-in-your-mouth smoky pig. The rice is probably better with the fish; but the black beans went just fine with pork and chicken. Wow, the fresh salsas--they were awesome on everything. And they also put some amazing hot sauces (Pickapeppa and Mango-Habanero, yum!) on the tables too.
The $20 Groupon was enough to cover both our meals, including soft drinks and a dessert, so that tells you how reasonable the prices are. The menu is limited...but if you are in the mood for Hawaiian style proteins w/ Mexican style add-ons, this is THE place to go get it. And the friendly staff is a nice change from most "counter service" places too. 
You MUST try the chocolate bark--if you don't like coconut you can scrape it off!. It is like the "saltines toffee" I make at home every year for Christmas, but w/ 2x the toffee and 3x the chocolate on top. Buttery chocolaty salty HEAVEN! You can tell its fresh-made with really good chocolate and real butter in the soft toffee. A generous  5-6 oz. bag of it for $3.50. This stuff would be $30/lb. at a Strip chocolatier.
Recently tried Braddah's Island style for lunch with my wife. All i can say is fantastic food!!. Located on Rainbow and Sahara next to McDonalds. Why so many people stuff down nasty Mickey D's when all this fresh goodness is right next door for the same price is beyond me.
The building is very tastefully done. Nice seating area on the patio outside, and very bright and inviting on the inside. I love the old airline posters of Hawaii hanging on the wall, and the old Elvis music was relaxing just like you were in Hawaii for real . We were very warmly greeted by the employees with a friendly Aloha. Forgive me that i forgot to get any of their names, but they were all so friendly. What a nice change of pace to have such nice customer service. Since it was our first time, they offered us free samples of the Kalua Pork and the Huli Huli chicken. both delicious and full of flavor.
The ordering line is basically set up like a Chipotle if you are familiar with them.
FIRST: pick from either a burrito, rice bowl, or 3 taco option.
SECOND: pick you're meat. Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Veggies or Grilled Fish.
THIRD: Pick your toppings: Black Beans, Grilled veggies with green onions, Seaweed rice, lettuce, cabbage etc.
FOURTH: Salsa Time: Charred Pineapple Verde(very mild,) Mango and Roasted Corn (delicious) and Tomato with Grilled Maui Onion. (Medium).
LAST STEP: a few additional toppings such as cheese, sour cream, guacamole, jalapeno's, limes.
NOTE: additional toppings do cost extra, so keep that in mind when building your meal.

My wife ended up getting the rice bowl, which was a really good size portion. She paired that with Huli Huli Chicken which is so delicious. She put on various toppings such as lettuce, cheese, and got the Salsas in a couple of small containers so she could put the right amount on herself. I can't remember what else she got because i was so involved with my order. Total tunnel vision lol. I went with the 3 taco option so i could try a few of the meats. I opted for the soft shell and got the Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, and The Pulehu steak. The Chicken is grilled and flavorful, the Pig is declious and juicy, and the Steak has a sort of sweet unique flavor like i have never had. i loaded them up so much, she could barely fold the tortilla. The food is flat out delicious and above all so very fresh, like you would make at home if you knew how lol. And whatever you do, don't forget the coconut bark for dessert. A sort of Hawaiian smore's concoction?? I don't know but it was ridunkulessly good. Nice piece of chocolate with shaved coconut on top, kind of a graham cracker?? in the middle and a salty caramel bottom. The salty evens out the sweet chocolate, and will turn you immediately into a crack-head for this stuff wanting to take a couple pounds home to stash for later.

Overall can't say enough good things about this new restaurant. Excellent food, customer service, and ambience. We will be back again for sure!!. give it a try, and you will be so glad you did!!!! Mahalo and Aloha
Well my first time here it was great had to kalua pig I will definitely be back place is very cleaning service was excellent
So friggin delicious!!!! Great customer service and amazing food! They give you samples of all the meats and everything just tastes so fresh!!! Great prices and amazing flavor to the meats! I will be a repeat customer for sure!!
Hawaiian food done chipolte style is all I heard. I had to check it out. Its better the advertised and the customer service is excellent! Flavors were great as well and the coconut bark is addicting.  Definetly will be back for more
Went to Braddah's for the 2nd time this week and can officially say I'm hooked already.   I was determined not to mention "Hawaiian Chipotle" for the fear of it being passé, but really it turns out it's the best way to describe it.   I actually think they should have just fully played up to this fact by incorporating Chipotle into the name of the restaurant or something.   Hau'olipotle!   ChipotLEI!    I'll be here all week.

On my first visit I had a gameplan to get an order of tacos so I could sample all the main meats (Chicken, Pig, Steak), and even though they awesomely asked if I wanted to try any/all of the meats prior to ordering, I stuck to the plan and ordered the tacos.  Like you've read from other reviews it's just like Chipotle/Zabas where you start with a taco/burrito/bowl/salad decision and then choose meats/accompaniments to go with it.  On top of the meats I tried the seaweed rice, the corn salsa, the tomato salsa, and some jalapenos.  They also have the standard items like cheese, sour cream, guac.    I had the choice of crunchy corn or soft flour tortillas and went crunchy corn.   Of the meats the pig stood out to me by far.   The steak and chicken both seemed to have a bit of sweet teriyaki flavor to it which I'm generally not a fan of.   They tasted fine for what they are, but the pig was so juicy and flavorful that I've been craving it since that day.   The seaweed rice didn't really taste much different than regular rice, but maybe that was because it was on tacos and there wasnt much of it.  Most all of the other fixins I got were standard, which is not a bad thing but it leaves for very little to write about.  Pro-tip: the jalapenos here are fresh and extremely spicy.   I've already witnessed them leave a coworker in literal tears.   Be warned.   

To close out the first visit I tried some of the much heralded coconut bark.   This was probably ill-advised with my lactose intolerance but to add credence to the review I felt it was necessary.   You're welcome.   It was as good as everyone says it is.   So much so that you know when you're in a situation with a few people sharing several pieces of something, and it gets to that last piece and there's the tug of war of "you have it" "no I insist!".   I ended the tug of war after one "no you can have it" uttered by my friend.   So delicious it made me a greedy jerk.   Highly recommended

The 2nd visit I went to an all pig burrito with most of the same fixins I got previously.  I didn't really feel like my burrito was made all that well to be honest, especially when I asked for all 3 salsas and got them separated into thirds on my burrito by the gentleman making it.   It was almost too funny for me to even correct.   Are there people in this world who eat burritos like that?   I wanted all of them melding together throughout but instead it was like a salsa taste test.   Also the burrito just seemed really short and stubby and I kinda felt they skimped a little on the meat, whereas my friend's burrito last time looked completely stuffed.   It was still incredibly delicious and I can't really expect every cog of the assembly line to be consistent this early in the stages.

I can easily see this being upgraded to 5 stars once it does.   In the meantime don't bother trying to trademark ChipotLEI as I've already got my lawyers on it.
Service was EXCELLENT! Extremely friendly on our first visit! Hawaiian Chipotle! love it! quality of food was unmatched! will definitely return!
The Mrs. had been talking this place up, saying her co-workers were raving about it. It's not real conveniently located for us, but we were in the neighborhood on another adventure and stopped to see what all the fuss was about. We were greeted by a very friendly staff and were offered samples of the different meats, as this was our first visit. Braddah's has a similar set-up to Chipotle and Qdoba. I opted for a chicken burrito with lots of extras. The burrito itself was good, but didn't live up to the hype. I ordered a side of chips and "guac". The guacamole was great, but the chips were served cold, although they were served in a paper bag with the grease coming through, giving the illusion they were going to be hot and greasy. The coconut bark for dessert was pretty tasty and the staff was friendly and attentive. The prices were in line with what you would expect from a fast food restaurant of it's type. I might return in the future, if I'm in the neighborhood. I was a little dissappointed, admitedly due to the enormous hype I was hearing prior to my visit.
strictly out of curiousity i tried this place out. big fan of hawaiian food. ordered a kalua pig burrito, with charred pineapple verde sauce. had black beans, seaweed rice, sour cream, cheese, lettuce. big fan of kalua pig, and this is right up there. the flavors weren't eye popping, but it was just a great burrito in general. you have to give it up to them, for introducing a somewhat new concept.  im planning to try the steak next.definitely a great place, to grab a bite to eat, nothing fancy just sit down, but you know you're getting quality food, at a reasonable price. came in there, during a tuesday afternoon, apparently they had new staff that was being prepped on the business, might have been the owner that was talking to them. like what he had to say, as far as running an operation, I manage a kitchen myself, these guys seem to get it right.
We walked in and were greeted immediately despite other customers placing their orders. When we mentioned it was our first time here, we were offered samples of huli huli chicken and kalua pig, which were both very good. We opted for chicken bowls with seaweed rice and then proceeded to pile our toppings of choice including mango corn salsa which was so tasty! 

The employees here are very nice and patient and explained each item we had questions about. Many people have compared this place to Chipotle and while it's the same ordering process (choose an item and then choose toppings) and presentation (tacos, bowls, burritos), I think Braddah's is better than Chipotle in regards to taste and speed of service. I definitely cannot wait to come back here.
It reminds me a lot of chipotle. There is not many food options. There was flies, which is super disgusting. Besides that, the sauce is delicious. The decor is beautiful, simple but really pretty. I love the Yellow umbrellas.
Yes, yes, it is kinda like the Hawaiian Chipotle!  But the flavors at Braddah's are definitely unique and local to the Islands!  Me likey!

The family and I went for dinner one weekend night and were greeted with cheery employees!  We were asked if we had been to Braddah's before, then given a nice sample of their kalua pig.  Really like home!  So needless to say we stayed for a meal.

Braddah's concept is almost identical to that of Chipotle's with their food-building line.  You start at one end and place your order, and along the way down the counter you choose what you want in your entree.  Menu items are very similar to Chipotle's as well, simple and easy to comprehend.  But with more Hawaii flavor infused into the menu.  

Choose from your menu staples of burritos, bowls, salads, or tacos.  Then you go down each station to choose your protein, rice and/or beans, salsa, dressing (if you have a salad), and fresh fixing choices.  Then it all gets wrapped up or placed on real plates!  Kind of a nice touch, since it gives you that homey-type feel.  Of course you can get it to go if you need to.

For proteins you can choose from:
-Kalua pig (damn yummy like out of the IMU)
-Pulehu steak
-Huli Huli chicken
-Grilled fish
-Grilled veggies

You have a choice of black or pinto beans, and the rice has either nori or furikake in it which is pretty good.  Hot rice, furikake, and shoyu...a meal in itself!

For salsa choices you get:
-Charred pineapple verde
-Mango & roasted corn
-Tomato with grilled Maui onion (LIKE since I'm from Maui)

Dressings make for salads include a papaya buttermilk ranch, and a roasted sesame gingerette.

Fresh fixing items to include with your order:
-Sour cream
-Romaine
-Cheese
-Cilantro
-Cabbage (great with grilled fish)
-Jalapeno
-Guacamole with pink Hawaiian salt (for a small fee)

Tons of flavor combinations!  Like a hula dancer in your mouth!  Hmm...that worked out better in my head then on paper.  I had a burrito with Huli Huli chicken, pineapple verde, tomato with grilled Maui onion salsa, sour cream, cheese, and extra romaine.  I thought it would be too much for the chicken to come through but POW!  That Huli Huli chicken tasted exactly like I remember from my 'hana bada' days (that's kiddie time to you non-locals).  Sweet, salty, tangy, just damn delicious.  Very good burrito, made even better with the Pickapepper hot sauce they get from Jamaica!  That sweet and heat flavor added some good kick to my palette.  I would eat jars of that stuff.

We also had a kalua pig burrito too and it was pretty stellar as well.  That smokey flavor of the pork complimented the rest of the ingredients nicely.  Good stuff.  Fish tacos were ono too, very comparable to the ones at a place like Wahoo's.  Fresh.

The only complaint I have about Braddah's is sometimes the servings can be a tad on the 'keiki' side.  Especially with the bowls and salads.  Please, most of us people from Hawaii are big!  I'm a big boy!  I want a big boy serving!  I can understand how food costs rise constantly.  I only suggest you put a bit more lettuce and rice/beans when you guys make a salad or bowl.  Tastes good, just want more!  So please, maybe pile over the top of the bowl!

Since it was our first time to Braddah's we were given samples of their only dessert, coconut bark.  Shiz...this stuff is like CRACK!  I don't even like sweets!  Sweet, silky, crunchy, coco-nutty all at the same time.  Tasty explosion!  No wonder it won 'Best Dessert' at this past year's Bite of Las Vegas, well deserved.  If you like spicy, add a dash of that Pickapepper hot sauce on top (I kid you not), and be amazed.  Super yum-yum.

I bought a Groupon for Braddah's so I will be back again sometime soon.  I thought the drive was a bit far for us so we would wait a bit.  Come to find out, another Braddah's location will be opening soon closer to us at Centennial in the NW!  Will probably be back much sooner now.  Mahalo Nui Loa!
Delicious food, lots of options! Just like chipotle but Hawaiian style. They had vegetarian options for me and they were great and flavorful. 

Only thing is they didn't fill up my bowl as much as I would've liked. The workers were very friendly and probably would've given me more toppings had I asked, but they might've charged extra, I'm not sure. Their portions are still good, but could possibly be on the smaller side depending on what you add in. 

Still delicious, though, and a must try! I will be back.
You'll feel like you're at a Hawaiian themed Chipotle, with a few exceptions. I have never had such a warm and friendly greeting from all of the staff. They all seemed sincerely happy that we were there and excited to answer our questions on the menu; also the food was great.

I had the kaula pig salad and the meat was really flavorful and tender, topped off of course with the usual lettuce and veggies that make it a salad. We were offered complementary coconut bark that was so delish, I have been craving more since.

The food is great and the service is top-notch, only critique is that is feels too familiar to café rio, and chipotle. Although based on the friendly atmosphere, I will probably skip those other chains and come here next time.
Went there for the first time today! So good! The guy behind the counter gave samples of all the meats. My boyfriend & I chose to get Kalua pig bowls which were so tasty. The service was good & the place was nice & clean. Definitely have to go back to try the steak in a bowl & get the coconut bark!
Braddah's Island Style location make's it convenient for locals and non-locals to locate at the corner of Rainbow and Sahara next to Harley Davidson's.  Lots of parking and a drive-thru make's it an easy access.  The staff is friendly and the Aloha spirit is truly present among all it's team members.  The menu is truly healthy and presents the island style in a unique fashion.  Kalua burrito's and taco's, brown rice with nori and assortment of Hawaiian salsa's.  The menu is easy to read.  Don't forget to try the Coconut bark.  If there is a good Hawaiian diner in Las Vegas--the locals will find it and they truly did, when I was there, it was packed.  Onolicious!  Got my vote!
Great food! Good service! Free samples! And a groupon! Excellent Chipotle style Hawaiian place. The coconut bark is amazing!
Chipotle is a distant memory to me now that I have been to Braddah's! The pig and mango corn salsa was awesomeness rolled into a soft warm burrito! The coconut bark was a delicious finish! My husband enjoyed a bowl with the most delicate & flavorful fish in town! We are hooked! Staff was helpful & let us taste test to make our selection perfect (so thanks Jaime!) we will be BACK!
It was my first time at this spot and was greeted as soon as I walked in. Cool twist to the chipotle theme. The Kalua pork burrito is Bomb.Com with the pineapple salsa, and the coconut bark is Insane. I'm definitely making this one of my regular spots cuz it was just that good!
A Hawaiian Styled Chipotle?? How could I not try the place out?  I bought the $10 for $20 Groupon and took a friend to try it out.  Now with $20 for two people we could go for all the extras without feeling guilty.  The staff was super nice and genuinely seemed like their wanted their customers to have the best experience possible.  Another nice bonus was that there is free wifi (the pass code is posted on top of the door)

Now for the food:

I ordered the Kalua Pig Bowl with a bit of the charred pineapple verde salsa and the mango & roasted corn salsa. I loved thought the Kalua Pig was seasoned really well and it went well with both salsa.  They offer several toppings to spice up your dish that include sour cream, romaine lettuce, cheese, jalapeños, cilantro (which I LOVE), cabbage, and guacamole with pink Hawaiian salt (for a little extra).  Yes, I got the guacamole and it was wonderful and I feel like I have to get it next time I go back as well.  

Also, since we had a little bit extra on our Groupon we also sprang for the Coconut Bark on recommendation from one of the workers.  Now don't get me wrong, I like something sweet every now and then, but this was way past my sweet limit.  I'll be skipping this in the future, but if you REALLY LIKE SWEET than this might be the perfect dessert for you.

I'm excited to go back in the future to try out their other meats and combinations.  I totally recommend this place and really you can't go wrong with Hawaiian Food or Chipotle like bowls/burritos!!


*FYI* there are no trash cans so don't wander around trying to find one like I did.  The servers bush everything and even packed my leftovers for me.
Very rarely do I stop at a restaurant that looks even remotely like a fast food joint but Groupon lured me here. All I can say, that's the best Groupon purchase I have ever made :-) this place rocks! The food is amazing, the owner is fantastic, and the service is impeccable.
Great restaurant and great service...like all the food I ordered (Pulehu Steak burrito and Huli Huli Chicken bowl and of course the coconut bark).

I understand that this is a new restaurant and concept for this area and I would love to see this restaurant succeed...with that being said I would like to put my two cents in and advise this new restaurant to offer more varieties of food and drinks. I see that the kitchen is big enough so offering french fries and burgers (kids love) + ?? Hawaiian style should not be a problem. 

The family atmosphere that is evident in their great customer service comes through loud and clear...just some advice in hopes that this place can attract more customers.
Good reviews all over Yelp? Check!
$10 Groupon for $20 worth of food? Check!
Best friend to be fat with? Check!

We walked in and were immediately greeted by the super nice guy behind the counter. He asked if we were first timers. "Yes we are!" He then offered us a sample of the huli huli chicken and the pulled pork. Both were delicious! Think of Chipotle where you can get a burrito, bowl, tacos, or a salad with your choice of meat. I opted for the bowl with the chicken. He then proceeded to ask what I wanted my bowl to consist of. SO MANY OPTIONS. My bowl had the seaweed rice (so good), chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, pineapple salsa, sour cream and jalapenos. Portions are huge so it's a good thing I came hungry. I docked them a star because when he scooped the tomatoes into my bowl, he didn't strain them first. So by the time I was at the bottom of the bowl, there was a puddle of tomato water. Not so appealing when your food is drenched in it. At that point I couldn't eat any more of it. Otherwise, the bowl was pretty tasty. Chicken was bursting with flavor, the seaweed in the rice was an extra treat and the pineapple salsa was outstanding. 

I really wanted to try the coconut bark, but I knew it wasn't a good idea after stuffing my face. I'll try it next time for sure, which gives me an excuse to come back!
Aloha! 
Haha, super friendly staff! Right when we walked in we were greeted.  I love that!  It was out first time so they gave us some samples the pork and huli chicken. Both were super delicious!  It's like chipotle. So I went with the huli huli chicken bowl which comes with rice and beans. The rice had some seaweed with it. Tomatoes, corn, jalapeño, and lots of goodies! It was so flavorful. Taste so good. Well back back to try ether the tacos or burrito next !
A Hawaiian version of Chipotle. 

This place is hands down amazing. Their Kalua pig has so much flavor and everything tastes fresh. It's nice that they offer so many options to customize your order so people with the most particular tastes can be catered to. The coconut bark is the best part- absolutely amazing. I swear I am addicted. If you want to eat somewhere with good quality Hawaiian food with a Mexican twist, go here, you won't be sorry.

5 stars.
tried this place recently and it was delicious

friendly and knowledgeable staff, fresh food and large portions, and dont forget to purchase a groupon for this place!

must try coconut bark!
We decided to give this place a try after kraving some kalua pork and tacos. Never heard of it being used in tacos; so this was a must. Stopped by and we were immediately greeted with an "Aloha." Perfect scenario so far... As we approached a guy (forgot his name) he asked us if we are new here and offered us a few samples of their really great meat choices. 

All in all I loved the experience, food was great! I got the kalua pork and hulihuli chicken taco. 
Here's a tip: read their menu before walking up to order... simple and a fun way to get creative.
Braddah's was an amazing experience! I was skeptical because to be honest I hate Hawaiian food but this place is so fresh and tasty that I didn't get lost on the greasy Hawaiian I've tasted prior. Braddah's is a breath of fresh air and much needed for Las Vegas! They have tacos, burritos, bowls and salad so it does have an air reminiscent of chipotle but the food flavor index is vastly different. The choices of meat include a sweet marinated steak, a mild but tasty chicken, fish to die for and Kalua pig that was very good as well but I'm not much of a pork fan. The atmosphere is very friendly with a aloha as you walk in and mahalo when we walked out :) highly recommended!
**Summary**
       - Fusion - The place is a Hawaiian/Tex Mex fusion. It takes traditional Hawaiian meats and combines them with Tex Mex's tacos, burritos, and bowls.
       - Chipotle - I'd describe this place as a Hawaiian Chipotle. The menu and ordering style is the same. The flavor however, is different.
       - Rice - Rather than the normal cilantro/lime rice at Chipotle, they have rice with sprinkles of seaweed. It's quite delicious.
       - Taste - If you're not sure which meat to get, I'd recommend asking for a sample, that way you're knowing what you're getting into.
**Ordered**
       - Huli Huli Chicken - I can't get over how flavorful and perfectly cooked this chicken is. I went with an actual Hawaiian who told that Hawaii Huli Huli Chicken was one of the pinnacles of Hawaiian food and she said this chicken ranks up there as well.
       - Kalua Pig - Kalua Pig usually is pretty salty. This one is no exception. It goes well in a bowl, but I wouldn't recommend it in a burrito.
       - Pulehu Steak - The steak seemed a little under seasoned. It might of been since I had the Kalua Pig first.
       - Grilled Fish - The grilled fish tacos we had were delicious. The fish was flaky and cooked to perfection.
       - Coconut Bark - Unfortunately, I didn't like this as much. It's a lot of chocolate and was a bit too rich for me. A couple bites and I was going into a sugar meltdown.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you like Hawaiian fusion or Chipotle. It's an interesting change and delicious.
Well I live in Maui so I've had a lot of Island style food.  Most of the time I find it kind of bland so I was interested to find out what this Vegas hawaiian grill would be like.  When we were waiting to order they brought us by some samplers and the Kahlua pork was nice and flavorful but I ended up with the chicken salad.  The down fall is they only had 3 kinds of dressing I believe.  Other than that the grilled chicken had a fantastic flavor.  The nicest part was that the owner was out cleaning tables and thanking customer for coming in.  That means a lot to me and I was impressed.  I would return for sure.
OMG THE ISLAND HOSPITALITY!  3rd time here and each time has been amazing.  I especially love the way they explain the ordering process!  Kahlua pork is my favorite!!!! And service inside & drive thru are awesome!  And I think it's healthy! Doesn't seem greasy at all!
Great place for fast island inspired food. I had half pork and half chicken over rice. It tasted great and is very reasonably priced. Everything was fresh and super healthy. I would definitely recommend. They should add Kalbi (short ribs) to their menu, though.
I've noticed lately that I maybe give too many 5 star reviews. So, I decided to maybe not be so easily impressed with just basic service. However, there is no way I can in good conscious give this place anything less than the 5 stars it deserves! Immediately upon entering the door I was greeted with a friendly hello. Once I told them it was my first time here, the young woman behind the counter immediately grabbed a bowl and gave me samples of the different meats. They were all good, but I had to go with the pig! I got it in the three taco deal and they were nothing less than delicious! They were not at all stingy with the ingredients, and it was all fresh. The meal with a 20oz Coke was around $10, which is about on par with Chipotle. Will definitely be back!
First, let me explain...  I don't give a five star rating unless I really think something is really good and unique. 

With that said, I really enjoyed the food and the service at Braddah's Island Style. 

I'm a cab driver here in town and I'm often asked for places to go and things to try that are unique to Las Vegas.  This is definitely gonna make the regular list of suggestions! 

Being from Hawaii, I wasn't sure what this was gonna taste like.  Kalua pig tacos?  Huli huli chicken burritos?  What is this??  I'll tell you what it is...  IT'S DELICIOUS!!  I knew what kalua pig tasted like on its own but I had NO IDEA how ONO this could be in a taco! 

The service here is fast, friendly and awesome.  Everyone coming thru the door is greeted almost immediately and the ordering process is quick and straightforward.  For this, being my first visit, I ordered the three tacos (one huli huli chicken and two kalua pig) and told them to prepare them the way they thought it would taste best.  

I guess what I was most impressed about was the overall attitude of the employees and the taste of the food.  Great job!

This is definitely just the FIRST of MANY trips to Braddah's!
Excellent! I'm stuffed as was my kalua pork burrito. Friendly people, great food, fast service. Love the selections, nice change from the ordinary. The coconut bark is to diiiiiie for. Yelp yelp!
Two words: coconut bark. Apparently just coming off of a fresh victory from the bite of Las Vegas festival for winning best dessert, I can completely see why. Sweet, salty, crunchy, melty, buttery, heavenly brown bagged morsels. We initially bought one for our family of 4, but had to buy another on our way out because it was just that good. 

As others have said, it's a Hawaiian chipotle. Upon entering, you get an amazing sense of customer service already. They asked us if we have ever been before, and when we responded no, they gave us a sample of all the meats. I loved the flavors of the meat. I got a chicken and steak combo burrito on a WHEAT tortilla with fajita veggies, mango salsa, and the hot tomato pico salsa along with everything else. It was amazing and so big that they had to double wrap it. Usually, I am not a carb person, but it was the weekend so I killed that bad boy and easily ate my entire DV of calories. The steak has 5 slice and hoisin. It's sweeter than Mexican marinated meats but completely delicious. The food was plentiful and a plate of 3 tacos and my burrito fed us all. 

My only complaint is that the food wasn't hotter. The meat in our samples were room temperature and I usually like my food scalding. We had 2 people come by to check on us, and were even given a sample of their holiday bark which was greatly appreciated. Perhaps it was just an off day, but I am so excited to come back and buy bags upon bags of coconut bark. I've already raved to my family about it and I can't let them down. See you soon!
Step 1... Choose one:
Burrito
Bowl
Salad
3 Tacos (choose soft flour or crispy corn)

Step 2... Choose one:
Huli Huli Chicken $6.95
Kalua Pig $6.95
Pulehu Steak $7.60
Grilled Fish $7.50
Grilled Veggie $6.25

Step 3... Choose one or all:
Seaweed Rice
Black  Beans
Shredded Cabbage
Romaine Lettuce
Grilled Veggies ($1.15 extra)

Step 4... Choose one:
Charred Pineapple Verde (mild)
Mango & Roasted Corn (mild)
Tomato W/Grilled Maui Onion (spicy)

Step 5... Choose one or all:
Sour Cream
Cheese
Lettuce
Jalapenos
Cabbage
Lime
Cilantro
Guacamole W/Hawaiian Pink Salt ($1.35 extra)

I purchased a $10 for $20 groupon so we could try this place out for dinner. Upon walking in we were greeted and right away offered a sample of their Huli Huli Chicken and Kalua Pig. Both of these were equally good, but I really loved the Huli Huli Chicken. After reading the menu board I decided to go with the "3 Tacos" with 2 on flour tortillas and 1 on crispy corn. I was torn on which meat to choose for my tacos, so the man behind the counter said I could mix and match them. Cool! I ended up going with chicken, pig and steak tacos and paying the extra $1.35 for guac on them. A lot of places would charge for the guacamole per taco, but I was just charged the 1 price and got a generous portion on all 3 tacos. The tacos were delicious! The charred pineapple verde adds a nice flavor addition, the meat is tender and has great flavor, the tortilla was soft and good and the price was right for what I got. The guacamole is worth buying just as a side to have with chips, but I have to admit that if there was some sort of Hawaiian pink salt in it, I didn't see it or taste anything except for fresh yummy guac. Hubby had a "Pulehu Steak Burrito" and loved it, but found the size to be too small for his hungry appetite. I still had half of a taco left so I was very fulfilled! So full that I didn't even taste a bite of the "Cheese Quesadilla" priced at $2.50 (meat extra) that we also ordered. 

I also had to make room for dessert later because I got a bag of "Coconut Bark" priced at $3.50 to try. Whoa!! This stuff is addicting! I have never had anything like it before and honestly don't even know for sure what all was in it. It seems like a saltine cracker with a layer of brown sugar or caramel and then a layer of chocolate and coconut. Whatever it is, I want more! 

You can eat inside, outside or even grab some grub from their drive-thru.
Very nice service, free samples, good portions, and most importantly good food! Must save room for the coconut bark.
#goodfoodbra
3.5 stars
Came here with a groupon. Walking in I was greeted with a sample of a couple different meats. I was then showed the menu board and explained the steps of ordering. I ordered a burrito made with a flour tortilla with pulehu steak, cheese, jalapenos and spicy tomato with grilled maui onion. The tomato/onion salsa wasn't spicy but tasted good. I thought the steak was flavorful and the whole burrito to be good but the size was too small for me. I also ordered a cheese quesadilla that was good but average. I could see myself coming back here with coupons if ever offered. My wife enjoyed her food a bit more than me especially their coconut bark (I'm not a fan of coconut I didn't try it).The people inside were friendly and it was clean.
Love it! Delicious food! Aloha spirit!
Friendly staff!
We'll visit often!
Aloha!!!!!!
Food and service were excellent! My husband and I went here on our vacation because we had a groupon and it had great reviews. The manager or owner was extremely nice and gave us samples to try. The set up was fast casual similar to Qdoba or Chipotle which we love. I had a salad with the Huli Huli chicken which was delicious (also enjoyed the sample of Kalua pig). The coconut bark was a sweet and salty unique dessert which we both loved. I would definitely recommend this place and hope they franchise since we don't even live in the area!
So welcoming, with an awesome ambiance and eating environment. Personally greeted by the owner and enjoyed my samples! It made my choice very easy from there :) Kalua Pork Burrito!!! It lived up to expectations! Very filling and you can feel how fresh and healthy the food and ingredients are here! I'm bringing my family next time :)
Braddah's reminds me so much of a popular chain that lots of people enjoy. Can you guess what it is?

Yep, it's Earl of Sandwich. They totally have the same font all over the menu! If that was your guess, great job.

I'm going to go against the grain and highlight what happened at the end of my meal here. After finishing my excellent food, I saw this purple and white ribbon pinned to the menu. I asked the manager (owner?) about it, and he quite proudly shared with me that it was for winning best dessert at the Bite of Las Vegas. He even boasted that they beat out all those fancy chefs who "went to school" to learn to make dessert.

Loathe to let a great opportunity slip, I stepped up to the register and ordered the coconut bark. Wow. I'm not normally a coconut fan, but this wasn't overtly coconut-y. There's coconut shavings on a hard chocolate layer, then a middle white layer which was more likely coconut as well, and a salted soft caramel layer at the bottom. It's pretty dang sweet, which is too my liking, and isn't too hard to crunch through. Only problem is that I only bought one box and there's very few pieces of this deliciousness. After eating a chunk just now, I only have one piece left for another day.

By the way, the non-dessert menu is also worth coming here for. I had three tacos, and following the excellent idea of Christie L., I got to try three meats (huli huli chicken, kalua pork, pulehu steak), plus three different salsas. I'd probably go for pork or steak (just like at the other fresh burritos places) and definitely stick to the mango and corn salsa, but the pineapple verde and tomato with Maui onion options aren't bad. They also have two hot sauces available at bottles at the tables. You know I'm kinda a fan of sweet, and I found myself augmenting my tacos with quite a bit of the raspberry and jalapeno sauce. The unlabeled guava sauce was a little too hot for my delicate taste buds unfortunately.

Overall, this is an excellent 4.5 star concept that the coconut bark certainly bumped up to an unquestionable 5. You will love Braddah's if you enjoy either or both of Hawaiian food and the fresh burrito concept. Hopefully, they'll stick to their goal of opening a Henderson location soon so that I can enjoy their food after a much shorter driver.
Good island style grubs.  I opted to try out the 3 taco meal on my first go at Braddah's.  For my three choices I picked the veggie, chicken, and fish options and had them put pretty much all the "fixins" on it.  I was excited to try out the maui onion they offered and it wasn't quite as good as I wanted it to be as I didn't taste the flavor I've come to know and love.  But, I looked past it and settled on the flavors of the veggies, chicken, and fish contents; the chicken being the best out of the three.  It's not very often that you find huli huli style chicken here in LV (unless I'm not looking hard enough, which wouldn't really surprise me), so it was a nice flavor to re-visit after being out of the islands for a while.  The fish was also quite grubbin' but I found that the guac and sour cream overpowered the taste of the fish and I couldn't fully enjoy it.  I'll put it down as a mental note to try guac and sour cream on my tacos next time.  Got to try some of the prized coconut bark and it is as good as they say it is (and I'm not much of a dessert guy so that's saying a lot).  If I had to describe it, the coconut bark is just like a Twix bar with a healthy infusion of coconut flavor and texture.  Try it out, I'm sure you won't regret it.

Overall, Braddah's Island Style is a good grub option when you're hungry and jonesin' for a little bit of island flavor.  Braddah's style is reminiscent of back home but it doesn't quite hit the mark.  However, that is definitely not a bad thing as it is tasty and I enjoyed the lunch experience I had while visiting.  A Hawaiian-style Chipotle they say?  Pretty much a spot on description.  A solid effort from a promising spot.  I'll be sure to stop by if I'm ever in the area and looking to eat something 'ono. Just have to remember to dial down on the condiments and take in the flavor of the main dishes instead.
This place reminds me of Chipotle Mexican Grille but with Hawaiian twist.  Very clean well-lit, comfortable atmosphere.  The staff is friendly, and the food selection is simple but tasty.  The real hidden gem in this place is the coconut bark dessert.  I normally don't order dessert anywhere, but due to the staff's friendly persuasion, I tried it and loved it.
Awesome place... Island style favorites with a twist... I usually just get my favorite which is Pulehu Steak and Seaweed Rice... You know diet right... but the taste is great, and the owner took time to talk story with us... Will be returning and I'm already suggesting my IG friends to go...
This place is like a Hawaiian-Fusion Chipotle. Amazing service! The people that work here are so warm, ESPECIALLY the owner. The food is also super amazing, very flavorful. Definitely recommend to everybody.
This place is awesome...great portions!!!  I simply love everything on that menu...What is great are the bottles of sauces that are for sale there...each one has a different kick!!!  I recommend this 110% !!!!
Better than chipotle. Amazing food. We had the taco special with 2 grilled fish  and 1pig. They were so accommodating. The food was so fresh and plentiful. We also ordered a pig burrito with extra meat. It was enough for 3. I can't wait to go back. The thing that  amazed us was the staff. The owner Christopher made a point to say hello to everyone  while he was busing the tables. Great place.
Great place with great food and staff. The huli huli chicken is awesome. The owner is a nice guy. Very friendly.
REALLY had high expectations for this "Hawaiian Style Chipotle" as other reviews say. Service was great and they also handed out samples of their most popular proteins, Kalua Pig and Huli Huli Chicken which were very good.

I went with a Burrito, half Huli-Huli Chicken, Half Pulehu Steak, Seaweed Rice, black beans, lettuce and sour cream, tomato-onion salsa on the steak, and Pineapple Verde on the chicken side. I took a bite, then another one, and another one, half way through, the tortilla starts cracking(not heated long enough to stay pliable). the salsas were okay, but I was also looking for the sweetness of the pineapple which was lost. As I said earlier, the proteins were good, but I think I'll skip the tortilla, beans, and lettuce, and get a bowl instead. Poi and Squid Luau would be awesome sides, too! Just wishful thinking.....

The Coconut Bark was good though-layers of brittle, sweet dough, and chocolate with a sprinkling of coconut were ADDICTING! I'll give it another go when they set up shop in the former Slidin' thru location. Hopefully it'll be better the next time around.  ALOHA!!!
Ahhhh, Hawaiian food and Mexican food fused together.  These are two of my favorite foods and thought after reading the reviews, "This place is a dream come true!".  I drove from the Mountains Edge area to sample their international delights.  

First off when you walk in you could kind of tell that this place may have been an old Taco Bell.  But, hats off to the owner for trying to create that Aloha feel!  Anyhow, I'd like to make a quick comment about the service.  It was our first time here, and they serve the tacos, burritos, and bowls Chipotle/Subway style.  It's really good and invites a patron to ask a lot of questions.  However, the "male" serving staff that helped me was not the greatest.  The guy that was explaining the different types of meat to me wasn't very enthusiastic about any of them.  I know they serve fish as well, because of the Yelp reviews but he didn't ask if that was an option I'd like to try.  

The food it self was tasty and inventive.  I got the Huli Huli Chicken, Kalua Pig, Puleha Steak tacos with Mango & Roasted Corn Salsa on flour tortillas.  The Kalua Pig taco being my favorite!  However, I kept to things that "looked" familiar like the Mango & Roasted Corn Salsa.  I wasn't ecstatic about my meal but it was just, good.  What really held down it's reputation was the Coconut Bark desert.  It's really hard to explain.  But, we had friends that hated coconut shavings.....and loved it!

So, my suggestion to this place is to have a staff that is more suggestive.  Honestly, my food was pretty good but, kinda tasted like Chipotle.  It was my fault for not trying something different but, the staff also wasn't helpful.  You really need a staff that can put you in the right direction when trying something new and inventive.  I hope to try this place one more time but, usually the first visit makes the most impression on that decision to go again.
So I was at my office and we were discussing what we wanted. We wanted to try something new! And let me tell you, Bruddahs was a FANTASTIC choice! 

It was super close to my office, and when I walked in I received a friendly ALOHA from all the staff. I immediately felt good right off the bat. The food is reasonably priced and the portions are big. So sharing is a definite possibility if you know you don't eat a lot.

I tried all three of the meats. Steak was by far my favorite! It was cooked so tender it nearly fell apart and the flavor was so yummy. Their salsas were flavorful and accented the meat. I tried the seaweed rice as well and it was fantastic! Everything ordered was superb, and all my coworkers loved it as well. I will definitely be going back to try everything else and different combinations.

I would definitely suggest trying this place out for good Hawaiian food!!
I like the idea of a "Hawaiian Chipotle" and was excited to try it. 

First time we dined in. I got the Pulehu steak, seaweed rice, beans, cabbage, sour cream, tomato onion salsa (supposedly "hot"), corn salsa. It wasn't spicy and just needed something for some oompf with spice and needed a little salt as everything was underseasoned. There were 2 bottles on the table, a yellow sauce and one bright red/pink one. The yellow was tangy sweet and the pink was sweet fruity sauce. It wasn't what I was looking for so I kept it plain. The BFs bowl with the Kalua pig was way better as his meat was nicely seasoned and had a nice smokey flavor. 

The second time we came was much better. I got the kalua pig and to get some of the spice I asked for some sliced jalapeno. Everything seemed better seasoned this time around, like the rice the last time was not salted. I hope that this keeps on, it was much more flavorful and was actually pretty tasty. Now, if they can make the "spicy" salsa actually have some bite that would be awesome. I wonder if their consistency is a issue, but I hope that this visits quality is more common and would explain all these great reviews.

We tried the coconut bark salty sweet noms this time too. I want some more! The box came with 4 pieces and I should have bought more. It reminds me of the saltine brittle my sister used to make. It has some chewy almond roca tasting toffee, pretzel, layer of chocolate with some coconut shavings on top.

It's on the way home, open after work so it will go on our rotation when we don't feel like cooking.
The coconut bark is wonderful.
Everything else is Chipotle-style as other reviewers have described, but with the 808 twist on it.
I used my $20 Groupon here for dinner for the b/f and I and we still had to pay.
I had the steak bowl with seaweed rice, black beans, mild "salsa," and lettuce, along with bottled water and a small order of coconut bark.  I liked the beef, finding it to be tasty and the combo of ingredients was very hearty.
Mel had one side of the steak and one side of the chicken (low carb day for him) and a bottle of water.
Our orders came to about $22.
My bowl of food was so big that I took half home because I had to leave room for the famed coconut bark, which is wonderful.  Did I already say that?  It is. It reminds me of Almond Roca, which I love. If I come back here, I'm getting that again.  They also have holiday coconut bark for sale now, which is made with white chocolate.  Mahalo!
Reading all these reviews, I couldn't help but think "what's a Hawaiian Chipotle?".  Well, I finally got to find out for myself.  Yes, when you walk in it's almost like Chipotle.  Your meals are made in an assembly line fashion, it's fast food, and the prices are similar.  

The process is simple...select your meats (Kalua Pork, Steak, Huli Huli Chicken, Veggies, Fish, or Shrimp).  Then choose whether you want your meats in a bowl with rice, in a salad, a burrito, and even a taco.  Then after this, you select all the extras like sour creams, beans, guac, etc.  For me, my decision was easy.  I wasn't feeling a burrito or taco.  I also wasn't doing a salad or rice bowl. So, I chose just a side of steak and a side of chicken.  I thought both meats were a bit greasy and lacking some flavor.  I know Chipotle isn't any better when it comes to grease, but at least there's a little taste there.  I still managed to down my dish because I don't believe in quitting.  My gf got steak with rice and beans. She also had to get their coconut bark.  Might as well, especially since they're known for it.  I had a piece and thought that it was pretty good.  It's pretty much a toffee tasting, Almond Roca tasting, sweet piece of candy.  That one piece was probably the highlight.  

My gf had a $20 Groupon for our meals and we were originally sticker shocked that just two bowls, 2 drinks, and coconut bark was over $22.  Something just didn't add up.  When I got home, I realized why.  Instead of Braddah's charging me for a side of chicken and a side of steak, they charged me for a full bowl.  Yeah, we were over-charged about $2.  I'm not going broke because of this, but it's the principle.  

Overall, with a recent 5 Star ROTD for Braddah's and some of the hype I'm seeing, I have to say that I was a little disappointed.  The thought of Hawaiian food mixed with tacos and burritos sounded great.  But when it came down to it...they are just A-OK

PS:  At least the restaurant is clean and there's a drive thru.


YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (493/500)
Having heard positive things about Braddah's since it opened I, of course, bought the Groupon to check it out.  It was about 7 p.m. and there was one other customer in front of me already checking out.  As soon as I entered I was greeted with a welcome and had I ever been there before.  When I said no, he said let me get you a couple of samples.  I tried the Huli Huli chicken and the Kalua pig.   Admittedly, I am not an expert on anything Hawaiian but as soon as I tasted the Kalua pig I was hooked.  

Their menu is very easy to read as far as the steps to create your burrito, bowl, salad or taco, meat choices,  extras, etc.  I ordered two of of bowls with the seaweed brown rice.  For the tacos I took the suggestion of the waitress and did a combo of the steak, chicken and Kalua pig.  They also provide sauces.  The pink one I found pretty spicy and a coconut one is on the sweet side.  I also ordered chips and guacamole and I couldn't resist trying the coconut bark.  If nothing else make sure and order that!  Sweet, crunchy, deliciousness!  They also provide sauces.  I thought the prices were very fair for portions.
Due to a recent incident at this restaurant, it was difficult to give an unbiased overview since I personally will not be patronizing this spot any more. But here's a quick breakdown:
Food quality: A
Creativity: B+/A-, yes it's a knockoff of Chipotle but the food is amazing and the executive chef's new handmade, preservative-free sauces are phenomenal.
Cleanliness/quality of premises: A
Service/quality of staff (minus the owner): A

 I like the premise of this place: keep it simple, use a presentation that people are used to but with an island flair. And it works. There set-up is a lot like Chipotle: pick what style of food you want, choose your meats or opt for vegetarian and then pick your sides. And I must say, their Huli Huli Chicken and their steak are good and their Kalua Pig is amazing. And, as mentioned above, their Exec. Chef, I forgot his name, makes great/creative sauces regularly and there's a new one all the time. 
            I was definitely a fan of this spot and promoted it to everybody I knew. 
What changed? In short: the owner and his attitude/passive-aggressive demeanor. What happened: Myself, my gf and my brother went for dinner one night because I had been there 3 times prior and really wanted them to try it. We get there, order and everything is cool. Now, nearly every time I had come here, the sauce situation was different. The first two trips: they had like one sauce per table (a Pik-a-Pepper sauce I think) and the third time is when they rolled out these handmade creations. And each table seemed to have one of each of the handmade sauces. This particular time, none of the tables around us had any sauces on them. Since the sauces were like 40% of why I wanted to come back again, I looked around and noticed a rack with several bottles of each sauce. I figured: hey, they switch it up each time...maybe they put them on this one rack so they have to waste ingredients making a bottle of each sauce for each table. So I go and grab them for our table. Cool. A minute later, another customer in the same predicament went to grab sauces and was informed that those bottles on the rack were for sale and that there are bottles floating around that say "Table" on them for customer use. Of course, I and my group felt bad. But right after, the guy come over to the table and before he said anything, we said "We just heard you tell them and we're so sorry...we'll pay for them. It's not a big deal, they're worth whatever the cost." His response: "So the wasn't big enough huh?" We apologized again as he was walking away. He came right back with a purple sharpie to right "Table" on our bottles, overtly suggesting that now he can't sell these and he has to use them for other customer. We apologized again and he said, with an obviously forced smile, "Don't worry. I'm the owner, it's my place. I just want my customers to be happy." We replied, "Are you sure, man?" He says, "Whatever makes you happy." I had been apologetic up to this point, but now knowing that he was manager kind of ticked me off. He left again, and then we looked at this sign...I kid you not...that sign was in like 10 pt font....we were the closest table to the rack and couldn't read it from our table. (Which btw, is not only bad for avoiding people misusing the bottles but also is a bad way to promote that your sauces are for sale). As we were finishing up, he comes back again with a new sign, still in 10 pt font, and put the sign ON TOP of the bottles, so nobody can grab them without seeing it. 
Seriously dude? We messed up, that was admitted and we were willing and able to pay for it so as not to cheat an up-and-coming business but your attitude and demeanor, for being the owner, makes us not only never want to come back but to warn the folks t o which we previously promoted your biz. If it was an employee that was rude, fine, I'd excuse it but I cannot bring myself to support a place when the owner was directly rude. Here's how it should have went down, even if we didn't offer to pay for them, you eat the cost of those bottles ($21), be cool about it since it was a genuine mistake, wait til we leave and then make whatever changes you need to. Instead, you have to eat the cost of those bottles anyways, but your passive-aggressive manner has now lost my business and others' as well. Your staff was amazing and really does embody the laid back and friendly island spirit...but you on the other hand...need to learn how to embody the "Mahalo" vibe that you aim to promote.
The service is FANTASTIC! Very personable and friendly. They even let you try the meat before you order on your first visit and the food is great!!! The chicken is very moist and flavorful next time I'll be trying the pork.
WHO: Those who are craving a "Hawaiian Chipotle".

WHEN: On Sunday through Wednesdays, they are open from 11am-9pm. On Thursdays they are open from 11am-10pm. On Friday & Saturdays, they are open from 11am-11pm.

WHERE: Located in the plaza on  Rainbow & Sahara.

WHAT: If you are craving Chipotle, but with different ingredients, you may like this place! My friends and family have been raving about this place for the longest time ever, so I finally decided to try the so-called Hawaiian Chipotle because I saw a Groupon for it! (Thank goodness for Groupon!)

The dining area is decently sized, and may possibly allow about 20+ people to sit and eat. It is definitely new and clean = +++.

Overly excited as I am, it is my turn to order. The workers were totally great and helpful, asking if this was my first time at the restaurant, and they let me sample their different meats offered. After taste testing, I got half Huli Huli chicken and half Pulehu Steak salad, with Seaweed rice, black beans, grilled peppers (for an extra charge), sour cream, cheese, with their pineapple and also mango salsas. There were also 2 different types of dressings as well- and I chose to try both. The first was a Papaya Ranch, which was a creamy goodness. The other sauce/dressing was a tamarind base, if I can remember, which also was good and Tangy.

For dessert, I had to try their famous Coconut Bark, caramel brittle with chocolate, and coconut sprinkled on top. It was a tad bit too sweet for me, but it was definitely OFF-THE-HOOK!
SOOOOOO GOOOOOD !!!!!!

We ordered a salad with grilled fish, an order of tacos and a box of coconut bark.
On the tacos we ordered 2 pork with pineapple verde salsa and 1 chicken with the tomato and Maui onion sauce. With the grilled fish salad we did the mango and corn salsa. The coconut bark was so good it almost made me weep.

I'm ready to go back today and order it all again.
I love this place!!
Very laid back environment there, and the food was really good! I like the Kailua pig, but everything else was good too. They let you taste all the meats before you pick. The coconut bark desert is also great! If you go in sandals/flip flops, you get free chips and salsa.
OK so I work in the restaurant business so I understand sometimes u have a bad day . So here we go (1) we called in an order and was given a price of 15.86 ..... when I get there its 18 and some change but I brought exact cash so I had to run back home and grab a couple more bucks . (2) when I get back in 5 min the price has went up go 21 and some change .  the girl behind the counter was like sorry we forgot to charge u for  veggies . (3) when I got home there was no rice in either of our bowls .  (4) the food was very bland  ! I mean how many time u gotta screw up something ??? I will say the mgr Jamie offered us a free meal  or money back but to be honest I'm going back to get my cash , I'll never eat there again   !!!!!
I'm I in L.A. or Vegas or maybe Hawaii???  Lol
Enjoying a kalua pork burrito while listening to some Beach boys and to top it off some coconut bark as one the best desserts I've ever tasted what do I have to say...Hang 10 Homiez!!!
The only downer...the rice...need original white sticky rice...stay away from seaweed rice sorry homiez but overall good friendly service and good food.
I love this place! I first had Braddah's Island Style at this year's Bite of Las Vegas, trying the huli huli chicken taco and coconut bark. I was hooked and swore to myself that I'd have to come to the actual business.

Until last night, I kind of put it on the back burner, but finally, I grabbed a few friends and was surprised to find this place was not busy and bustling on a Saturday night. First of all, it is very clean, and there is plenty of dining space. We were greeted so warmly and offered samples upon arriving.

I have to say, I was very satisfied with my dining experience. Like many describe it, Braddah's Island Style is basically a Chipotle but with a Hawaiian twist! I have a weak spot for quick, customizable food served this way... Anyway, I love their creativity and I find that many combinations go well together! Their salsas are amazing, the meat--juicy and full of flavor, the vegetables--fresh. You just can't go wrong with your order! After gobbling up all of our food, we were greeted once again; the enthusiastic customer service was the cherry on top of a great meal!

I think this place has plenty of potential. More people just need to know about it!
Tasty!

It's the Hawaiian version of Chipotle.
Fresh and you can pick your own toppings for your bowl, tacos, burrito or salad.

What you Really Really Really need to try is their coconut bark.  It is freakin' Awesome!

Service is really good and super friendly.  

I'd choose this over Chipotle if this was on my side of town.
Overall I really liked this place. It is like Chipotle but with Hawaiian meats and sauces. I had the three taco plate with flour tortillas, two tacos were with kalua pig and one with huli huli chicken. The kalua pig was tender and not fattier than what you would expect and the chicken was juicy too. You pick what you want on it (seaweed rice, brown rice, lettue, salsa etc) and they don't charge extra (like Chipotle) for cheese or sour cream. 

I should qualify the Chipotle statement it is the same in that you pick meat, what you want and what you want on it but I am not a fan of Chipotle so this place is much better. 

On my tacos I had both the pineapple salsa and the mango salsa. Also, they had four different house made sauces to try, I didn't try the coconut one (that was the hottest) but my hubby said that it was pretty hot and he loves hot stuff. Also, we got the coconut bark. It was really sweet, good but not my favorite and I don't think I would get it again. Too much going on in the flavor profile and they didn't solidify their sugar while making it so I crunched down on granulated sugar. All in all a good experience.  

I should have taken a picture but I was way too hungry and my hunger weighed out my priorities of posting a pic on Yelp - but I will say that the pictures the other Yelpers have posted was consistent with my experience. 

If you haven't tried this place yet you should give it a go. Cost of this place is reasonable enough too (about $7.00 for the three tacos) that it is definitely worth a try.
Wow! Came here based on the Yelp reviews and this place did not disappoint! It is like the Hawaiian Chipotle. The girl at the front was friendly and offered to let us sample the meats before we ordered. The pork and chicken is tender and juicy. I ordered 4 tacos each with different meats. 1 pork, 1 steak, 1 chicken, 1 fish. They used the recommended salsas which were all great. My wife had a salad and it was loaded with meat and goodies. If you go...YOU HAVE TO TRY THE COCONUT BARK! It is the perfect combo of sweet and salty.
Love this place! FINALLY some good food. I've passed by this place a few times, but never tried it.  So out of curiosity I came to yelp and based on the great reviews I went in for lunch the next day. I was so impressed with the menu, food taste, price, concept and owner. Chris was so friendly and truly has the Aloha Spirit within him. They offered samples, explained everything and gave suggestions. The Huli Huli chicken and Kalua pig tastes authentic. That was a great plus. The concept of having those delicious meats (Hawaiian Style) in a burrito or salad bowl is brilliant and healthy. IF you like Mexican you'll love it. If you're from Hawaii you'll love it. IF you eat healthy you'll love it. They also have a drive thru and also make their own hot sauces. This is my new favorite spot and I will let all my family and friends from Hawaii know about this place. I'm hoping it will be a stop for them, like Trader Joe's. This place seriously rocks, It's different!
I have been here twice so far and surprisingly, the food is pretty good! For a picky eater such as myself, the highlight is choosing what ingredients you want to put in your tacos, burritos, or bowl. I hate getting the "Sorry, everything is pre-mixed" or "I just asked the chef, they can't do that."

It's very hard to find good Kalua Pork here in Vegas. Always either too dry or bland. Sometimes even watery, which is gross. I tried the Kalua Pork in the tacos and the bowl. Soooo delicious!! Tender, flavorful and juicy. This was honestly the best tasting I have had so far in this town! Impressive, knowing that the owner is not from Hawaii.

Portions are huge, so definitely come hungry! I could only finish 2 out of 3 tacos the first time. The second time, I could only eat half of the bowl, and I didn't eat breakfast earlier or dinner the night before. The restaurant is clean and the employees are very friendly. The guy who looks like the manager or owner is always talking to customers and asking how the food is tasting. Nice to know that he cares!

Next on my list to try is the steak or Huli Huli chicken. Hopefully they are just as good! Keep up the good work guys!
YES!

This place is dakine!  I finally got to try this today and all I had to say to the lady when I was leaving was "See you next Thursday!"  This place is so friendly, I want to call the people there Auntie and Uncle.  I like the local accents, I miss living in Hawaii.  The people here are SO FRIENDLY!

I got the Burrito with Flour Tortilla, Kalua Pig (Hooo!), Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Cabbage and Lettuce.  For Salsas, I got the Mango & Roasted Corn and Tomato W/ Grilled Maui Onion.

This place so uno broke da mout! Yah, really.  I also got some desert - the coconut bark.  Wow, it was really good.  The sauces they have at the table were good. My favorite was the mild and hot one.  The other two were too sweet for me.

This place is awesome, I am so happy I tried it. I even want to eat there again tonight, but this time bring my wife and kids.  The Kalua Pig was perfect, I loved it.  The seaweed rice is brown rice with some nori in it.  Very delicious.  Black beans and corn is my weakness... Winning combo.

This place has Hawaiian Sun canned drinks and a soft drink station that has Light Lemonade. 

I did get a chance to check out the bathroom too since the table sauces got me all sticky.  Place is nice and clean.  I love this place.  Great way to start off the year.  This goes instantly in the lunch rotation.

You guys need to open a place further west... like Tropicana and Fort Apache or Charleston and Town Center. You'ld make a killing and I'd never have to buy groceries every again.
This is the second time I went here. The first time the food was AMAZING. Huge burritos stuffed with ever topping. The people were so nice and friendly. This time. Well the people were not mean, they just were blah. They were not friendly or welcoming as I was used to. The burritos were made skimpy and they were bland. Barely any beans, barely any meat, barely any cheese and sour cream. The only thing it had ALOT of was rice and lettuce, which I get are fillers, but if that is all I can taste I am not willing to part with my $7. The bark was delicious as always. I live all the way on Fort Apache and I am sorry it is just not worth the drive.
Went for lunch today. Delicious, fresh food. Tacos were crispy. The burrito was very large and good. Tacos are regular size not the tiny ones you see everywhere.

You can choose what you want in your meal. Very friendly people who work there. Clean place also. Opening soon in Centennial area. Good! Will try the rice bowl next visit.
Eh...just ok.  It isn't authentic in my opinion, but i have to say the staff is very friendly and I always like being greeted with an "Aloha!".
Eh, I would have rather had Chipotle. I don't think any of the meats were anything special. The pig was too wet and the steak was too sweet. The chicken was just chicken (honestly didn't taste too different or have a different mouth feel from the chicken at El Pollo Loco). It was okay, but I don't think I'd make a special trip to it if I were visiting Vegas from somewhere else.
I feel uninspired to write this review. The people here are so nice but the food is mediocre. If I were feeling sad, I could come here and feel better because of the friendly staff. But if I want amazing food, I'd go elsewhere. 

I've tried the chicken tacos here. The ingredients tasted fresh. But like everyone has already mentioned, it's a Hawaiian Chipotle. They do have a saving grace: coconut bark. Coconut bark is good and I don't even like coconut anything. It's toffee with chocolate and coconut shavings.
Had a huli huli chicken burrito, very tasty but a little salty. The Kalua pig is great. Like a Hawaiian version of Chipotle, but a better value.
Love love love this place I met them at Bite of Las Vegas in 2013 and the good is so delicious and you have to get coconut bark!! So addicting!! The staff is great and it's over all amazing !
A bunch of reviews refer to this place as the "Hawaiian Chipotle"- while there are some similarities, I have to say, that's selling this place short!

Like Chipotle, you order by selecting your protein and choosing a bowl, burrito, tacos, or salad. You also have a lot of similar add-on options like black beans and grilled veggies, and later, an awesome guac.

Like Chipotle, the protein options here are tasty- but I can find a chicken burrito on nearly every corner. I can't find huli huli chicken or kaluah pig very easily at all- and here, both are phenomenally well done!

But what makes this place really stand out, in addition to the tasty island flavor, is the service- when I walk into a place and am greeted by the owner himself, it means something to me. Chatted with the guy for a bit and he is clearly dedicated to this business and it's success- this is not another place where the owner is MIA and leaves a manager in charge of running things. He's right there, interacting with everyone who walks through the door. Major props.

And the food doesn't disappoint! I was offered samples of the pork and chicken when I walked in- both were delicious, but I ultimately went with the kaluah pork salad bowl, lite on the seaweed rice, plus black beans and grilled veggies, both the corn salsa and the tomato/onion salsa, a sprinkle of cheese and cilantro, and a side of guac.
It was amazing. The meat is tender, plentiful and flavorful, the veggies are fresh and not overcooked, the corn salsa is mild and adds a good extra punch to the dish, and the tomato-onion salsa adds a tiny bit of heat. Don't be turned off by the "spicy" label, it's not bad at all. 

And the portion size is humongous. I can put away quite a bit of food, but only half of my salad. I used my fork to take additional scoops of guac every few bites, and it really added an extra dimension to the dish- the bright acidity and slight saltiness were great.

If you look closely, up by the soda dispensers, there are various bottled sauces and salsas to add that extra bit of island flavor to your dish- and they're not just a selection of various bottles. Oh no. They're Braddah's Island Style-brand bottles with what I can only assume is the company's own sauces- a pineapple jalapeno one added a splash of sweetness and spice to mine, but I steered clear of the mango habanero- sounded like a dangerous territory for my tastebuds!

All in all, I'm very pleased with this place. Props for the great location, too: several tourists and visitors leave the strip to get to Hash House, which is just on the other side of the corner. It stands to reason once this place builds up a reputation, that they'll be getting some of that traffic, too!

Gonna have to try the huli huli salad next time. Grab a Yelp deal for half-off trying this place- if your experience is anything like mine, you'll be back. 

A final note to the owner: you're doing it right, keep it up, this place is great!
Taco shells stayed crisp on the drive home and even to the last delicious bite.  They were delicious!  That is the highest praise I can think of.
Seriously ono!  It's like a Hawaiian Chipotle.  Bowls, tacos, burritos and salads pack a serious aloha punch to your tasty buds.  The meat/vegetarian choices include huli huli chicken, kalua pig, pulehu steak, grilled fish, or veggies.  My personal favorite is the grilled fish, which is packed full of flavor despite the nondescript name.  Now here is where it gets interesting, you get to choose one of their yummy salsas to top your creation.  Their current salsa list includes charred pineapple verde (mild), mango/roasted corn (med), or tomato/grilled maui onions (spicy).  My favorite is the tomato/onions salsa, however I wouldn't call it spicy by a long shot.  All of the other standard toppings are available, such as cheese, sour cream, lettuce, beans, etc.  They also offer jalapenos, which is a nice surprise!

My only complaint is their rice, it's quite dense and heavy.  I wish they offered a choice of something fluffier.

If you're not too full, you must grab some of the coconut bark dessert.  Screw it, even if you are full just grab some for later.  Be warned my friends, this stuff is more addictive than crack!

Braddah's often runs Groupon and/or yelp deals, so check both before you go to save a few bucks.
Braddah's is catering our upcoming wedding and they have been SO amazing to work with. They are working with me to create the perfect build your own taco bar and it has been a completely stress free and awesome experience. And SUCH good prices!!!! I've had the food and it's delicious, the huli huli chicken and the kahlua pork are tasty and succulent. And the coconut bark - OMG words cannot describe it's tastiness. Definitely try it. I love supporting this place because it's a true mom and pop joint... not a giant faceless chain.
Tip:  if you're driving at night along Rainbow blvd looking for this place, just look for the big ass Harley Davidson shop.

Got 3 bowls:  Kalua pig, steak, and huli huli chicken.

All the meats were nicely flavored and tender.  My favorite by far was the steak.  

Steak had nice crisp edges while remaining juicy throughout every bite.
Huli huli and kalua pig both had nice light smoky flavor.

Only bummer was the seaweed rice.  It was hard and kind of dried out.  

Grilled onion salsa and pineapple salsa were delicious.  I mixed that in together which distracted me from the hard rice. 

The bottled sauces on the counter were unnecessary.  I tried them anyway but didn't do much to add .  In fact, they probably take away from the flavor of the delicious meats.  Definitely able to create a well rounded meal if you add everything they offer.

Coconut bark - yummy.  Nice and chewy - sticks to your teeth so you can enjoy it a long time.  Don't forget to brush!
I like the idea of a Hawaiian twist to Mexican food! I had the 3 tacos with huli huli chicken, beef and fish. I liked all three of my choices. I chose the pineapple salsa and the tomato  with onion. My favorite was the pineapple. The only thing I didn't like was the choice of my taco shell. I think next time I would like to order soft tacos instead. The hard taco shell was really bland. 

We couldn't leave without trying the chocolate coconut bark! It was good but since I'm highly sensitive to salt I couldn't eat so much. It would be cool if they had some lightly salted selections.

I definitely would love to go back and try some of their bowls!
This is a taco/burrito joint.  And it was a disappointment.  The pork was dry. The chicken was dry and tasted only of ginger.  The rice (especially the seaweed rice) was dry and crunchy.  The service was slow and the owner seemed extremely bothered that we wanted something even resembling island-style plate lunch.  Admittedly, we used the yelp mobile app to find it, saw the reviews, and dropped in without researching the menu thoroughly.  But with a name like Braddah's, you'd think it would either have a relaxed, comfortable atmosphere or plate lunch (preferrably both).  It had neither.  The food was bad enough we didn't bother finishing it and the owner's attitude was bad enough we couldn't wait to get out of there.
The pork they use is fantastic. Tastes just like when I was in Hawaii.  Really enjoyed the burrito. I've only had one bad experience here. Went late at night,  the rice was old and hard and the guacamole was completely brown,  like it had been out for awhile.  Good greasy food otherwise. I definitely recommend this place.  Be sure to try the coconut bark. I'm hooked. The service is always friendly and appreciative of the patronage. Tacos had a lot of grease, but flavor was perfect.
I had a little amount of time before an event and I was extremely hungry, so I quickly referenced my trusty Yelp app for something that wasn't just fast food. That's when I found Braddah's and was even more pleased that they have a drive through window! 

The simplicity of the menu definitely made it easy to order quickly, which is a nice change from most drive-through eateries.

STEP 1: Burrito (flour or wheat tortilla), Rice Bowl, Salad, or Tacos (3)
STEP 2: Huli Huli Chicken ($6.95), Kalua Pig ($6.95), Pulehu Steak ($7.60), Grilled Fish ($7.50), or Grilled Veggies ($6.25)
STEP 3: Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Grilled Veggies (additional $1.25), and/or Guacamole made with Hawaiian pink salt (additional $1.65)
STEP 4: Charred Pineapple Verde (Mild), Mango & Roasted Corn (Medium), or Tomato with Grilled Maui Onions (Spicy); Salad Dressing - Papaya Buttermilk Ranch or Roasted Sesame Gingerette
STEP 5: Sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno, cabbage, lime, cliantro, and/or bean sprouts.

Since I was traveling, I opted for a Kalua Pig Burrito with rice (I'm not sure why they call it "seaweed" rice, but it's plain ol' sticky white rice), beans, medium salsa, lettuce, cabbage, lime, and cilantro. It's a really good sized burrito and it was very good of them to cut it nicely in half without having to ask. I really enjoyed the flavor from the Kalua Pig and it was done nicely - tender, juicy. Everything else accompanying it was fresh and added crunchy textures with additional flavors.

I'm not a fan of Chipotle, Cafe Rio, or similar "Mexican" build-your-own tacos/burritos restaurants, however, I really appreciate the Hawaiian-style meats and fillings. I'm sure the rice bowls are good as well and I'll need to try their other meats. I've heard a lot of raving about the coconut bark, so I will try that next time!
Delicious food, great service, way cool atmosphere.  Feels like Maui...in Vegas, baby!
After sampling the grilled fish, Huli Huli chicken, Pulehu steak, and Kalua pig I chose the Kalua pig Bowl with seaweed rice, award-winning guacamole, and the charred pineapple salsa verde.  I also tried all four of the toe curling sauces.  They are all good, but my favorite one is the coconut colada sauce.  I bought a bottle of each plus a box of the coconut bark to take home.  Everything is tasty - can't wait to go back!
Despite the other raves about this place I find it just all right. It's good but not something I'd go out of the way for. I guess I end up comparing it to Chipotle, and in comparison I like Chipotle better because the flavors are bolder and the portions are bigger there. I want to try the grilled veggies but I don't really want to pay more for them because it's already pricey to me. 

I will need to at least go back and try the dessert.
We stumbled upon this place while looking for a lunch spot after hiking one afternoon. Upon entering we were welcomed by a very friendly staff who asked if we had ever been there before and when we said we had not, they offered us a sampling of some of their meat options - kalua pig and huli huli chicken. After reviewing the menu, you will immediately be able to tell that this place reminds you of other burrito, bowl, and taco places where you can build your own meal, but this definitely comes with the aloha flavor. 

Step 1 - Choose your setting - burrito, 3 tacos, bowl, or salad
Step 2 - Choose your meat - huli huli chicken, kalua pig, pulehu steak, grilled fish or grilled veggies
Step 3 - Add rice, black beans, grilled veggies (extra charge), guacamole (extra charge)
Step 4 - Choose your salsa - charred pineapple verde (mild), mango & roasted corn (medium), tomato with grilled maui onions (spicy)
Step 5 - Add more toppings (included) - sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapenos, cabbage, lime, cilantro, bean sprouts

Overall, I was very satisfied with what I got. The meats are flavorful and the portions are good for what you are paying for. They also have a number of other island flavor sauces that you can add as well - their version of hot sauces. Looking forward to the next time I can go back to try some of their other options and I've heard their dessert is very good too.
Just wanted to swing by and say: YEP. The steak and fish are as good as the other meats! Need to keep some of those brand-name hot sauces on the table though (they've been replaced by "house" only bottles, which are very mild).
It was my first time here. Not bad at all.. They let you try samples of the food too. It reminds me of a chipotle but with a little Hawaiian.
The famous Hawaiian Chipotle. I finally was able to give it a try. First and last. I'd rather go to Chipotle.

I was sampling meats before I ordered anything. At first, it seems fine. It's tender and has some flavor that's interesting for a moment. I order a bowl with who-cares-what and have a seat. I immediately realized the meat's hint of flavor had worn off. It was just meat, in a bowl, with some brown rice (kudos on this by the way). The novelty Hawaiian factor was gone.

But wait! There are bottles of all these hot sauces made in house! Maybe that's the key. They certainly sound interesting with their tropical flavors like "coconut something" and "guava something." What they should all say is "wound-searing spiciness is here." I appreciate the try at making some unique options but the potency of the "hot" part was too much.

Again, I'd just go to Chipotle. You know what you're getting yourself into there and there's more attention to detail regarding the quality and sources of their ingredients. The whole Hawaiian flavor factor just isn't strong enough. There's no differentiation from the mundane while you're paying for the exceptional.
Pork is really good.  Highly recommend!  The girl who took my order was really kind and helped me with my order.  I ordered pork salad, chips and guacamole, and coconut bat.  Problem was they forgot my dressing as well as my guacamole.  I called them 2 just let them know.  The gentleman who answered the phone said the dressing is in the salad?!?  How is that possible?  They never asked me which one of the dressing flavors I wanted.  They also forgot 2 give me my guacamole.  The gentlemen said it happens at chipotle and quadoba.  But I don't care about them!  I care about this restaurant that owes me guacamole!!!  He said well we offer good food at good prices.  My guacamole and chips were $4 and some change!  They didn't offer 2 give me another order of guacamole.  They basically said oh well and maybe we'll see u again ??!?  Well if that's your attitude, I probably won't see u again nor recommend u to any of my friends, family or coworkers at the casino..  Too bad cause u guys have a unique taste.
Dang delicious food. A must try!
Exceptionally good Hawaiian fusion food. The sauces are amazing and the coconut bark desert is addicting. I hope the expansion plans go well and would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
The service was great.. The food it's good different flavor set up kind of like Chipotle but I do prefere Chipotle.. I will come back and give it a second chance..
This place is basically a Hawaiian Chipotle with a drive thru. That being said. It's really good. First the service. The girl at the counter was fantastic and so helpful. When she found our it was my first time, she immediately offered me a sample of pork and chicken (I also tried the fish). I ended up getting a fish burrito. It's delicious. They give you the option of white or wheat tortilla (why hasn't chipotle figured that out?) which is great. I ended up getting as spicy a burrito as I could. My only issue is that the only hot sauces available are mild and medium. I of course wanted something hotter, but all in all it was a good experience. I wish I'd seen the Yelp deal, but there's usually a Groupon so no worries.
Okay, I feel like I just never feel Hawaiian fast food, it just doesn't taste super great to me! But alone, with nothing else, the steak&pork was really good!! 

But I did get a bowl full of extra items to go with! I had a groupon, but it still kind of cost a lot because I was with my family! It was a bit too expensive for what it was. 

I'm not really sure about my entire bowl, but the sauces that I paired them with made the whole bowl way way better. I included a pic of the 2 sauces I liked the most with my bowl; it really tones the flavor down and makes it combine nicely :) 

In case you didn't see the pic, here are the two sauces:
Coconut Colada Pearl 
Pineapple, Lime & jalapeño  

They have a really great, friendly staff!!! They make you want to move to Hawaii, they're so nice! They are a friendly, super clean business ! 

The one thing that I absolutely loved was the COCONUT BARK. hell, I hate coconut..but their little chocolate brittle was hella tasty! Yum Yum Chocolate lovers! $3.50 for a small, but still, not bad at all :)
This is fast food.... That being said, it is very best fast food I have ever had. The staff was very friendly and the food was outstanding. Meat was slow cooked and tender. All food was very fresh. Sauces were original and flavorful. I signed up for yelp just to review this restaurant. It is excellent and worth a try. Meals were very inexpensive. About $6.95 filled me up and was the quality if a $16 meal.
Can I be totally and completely honest with you guys? Okay, well here is my confession... I think I am in total LOVE with Braddah's. Why you ask? Well good question I say.

I LOVE Braddah's because all their food is made fresh daily (and I do mean everything). You can customize your burrito, taco, and salad bowl the way you like it. Everyone is just so darn friendly that works there you want to stick around long after you consumed your meal. 

Minh and I arrived here on a late Thursday afternoon for some lunch. We were looking to stick to the healthy side of things. 

Walking in we were greeted immediately by not only the girl behind the counter but also by the owner Chris. We were asked if we have been to Braddah's before we both said no. The lovely cashier then explained to us their menu and gave us a sample of two of their popular meats (Huli Huli Chicken and Kalua Pig) wow the flavors were mouth watering making me want more! But how can I choose! So instead of ordering their "popular" meats I decided on trying their Pulehu Steak (which I think should be on their sample list too). Chris was so kind that he stopped what he was doing and came over to make my bowl (which I did not expect) 

I ordered a salad bowl: Pulehu Steak, Black Beans, Romaine Lettuce, Cheese, Lime, and Guacamole. There are also three kinds of homemade salsa to choice from since I did not know which one to choose Chris gave me a little of each in my bowl to try. (I loved all three of them)

We also ordered their Award Winning box of coconut bark to take home with us.

The dining room was super clean and every table was well stock with napkins. On each table, they have flowers, which is a nice touch and made my photo taking even better. 

I can't tell you enough times how amazing and flavorful my bowl was, I also can't tell you how happy Minh was with his food either! This is one of the best gem's Vegas has and I am a little jealous that we do not have a location out here in OC.
I was full, but not that overly full feeling that you usually have after eating umm let's say cough chipotle cough. I even had enough room to break open that box of sweet coconut bark.

Oh tasty sticky gooey slice of heaven where have you been all my life? Minh and I both had a slice and then decided to save the rest for later that night! 

Mahalo Chris and Braddah's for making us feel like your ohana! We look forward to spreading the word of your wonderful restaurant to others and cannot wait to come back soon!
This place is pretty darn good, it's a fusion of Mexican style Hawaiian food. It reminds me a lot like Zabas with a Hawaiian twist. The portions are perfect for the price and the Coconut bark is delish!! It seems like the best bang for your buck is in either the bowl or the burrito. The tacos seems like you get less of everything but pay the same price. I love the chicken and steak with grilled veggies. If I could make a recommendation it would be to add a Mexican style hot sauce or salsa.
I love Braddah's! The food is delicious & the people that work here are super friendly.
As mentioned previously, a family owned and operated food joint is always exciting to try! 

Scored an awesome Groupon and went on our marry way with a couple coworkers. We were roughly greeted by whom we later came to find out was the owner. He appeared to be friendly, in his nice minions t-shirt but when my coworker asked for the "pork bowl" instead of the "pig bowl" he snapped at her and in a very sassy tone said; "read the menu! What does it say?!?!" Oh, ops! "Sorry." "Pig Bowl."....yikes. 

Then, I asked for the "Huli Huli" and got ripped a new one for not specifying if I wanted tacos, burrito or bowl! :-/ at this point I'm scared to ask anything and afraid to present my Groupon. 

After surviving the ordering part, we proceeded to find a table. Clean establishment, I must add. Later; Mr. Minion t-shirt man came around asking how our food was and appeared to have a complete different attitude. (Yay to him!) Huli Huli Tacos were awesome and tasteful. Chicken was tender and flavorful! 

What was strange was his center pieces brochure thing where he offers "Free Guacamole & Chips" if you take a picture of your toes and post them on Facebook...Mr. Minion T-Shirt man confessed he has a toe fetish...Ummm...ok. Weird. 

But food was good! Yes- I would probably go back.
Food was perfect and Carmella was so nice and let us taste a few items before we ordered. My new lunch spot!
Awesome customer service and wonderful food. My two favorites are the huli huli chicken and the pulehu steak! Will definitely be going back.
Hawaiian food that's served Chipotle style! Cowabunga Dude! Hawaiian cuisine is my comfort food for the lazy days lounging around in my pajamas watching Magnum P.I. on my VCR. Sarah told me this place opened up recently and I was anxious to try some Westside Vegas Hawaiian grub.

Outside the building looks like an old Wienerschnitzel but inside it's clean and full of island flavor. Service was laid back and nice just like the islands. They let us sample some meats and the Kalua Pork won over my taste buds. The owner Chris was a friendly guy!

Kalua Pork Bowl - The seaweed rice is a genius idea. I'm glad it's brown rice too! The pork is better than many Hawaiian restaurants I've been to which cost twice as much. The sauces they offer were great. It's an awesome filling bowl packed with great contrasting flavors.

Don't forget some coconut bark. Sure it's cold and firm when it's first taken out of the fridge but once it warms up, it's a Maui honeymoon in your mouth. Chewy gooey goodness.

I like the little touches such as the stickers on the food containers and other odds and ends around the decoration of the place. Sure it's fast food, but it's gourmet island fast food and I'm all over it.
My coworker and I go here at least once a week for lunch. Everyone who works here is friendly, especially the owner. If you tell them it is your first time they give you samples of everything. The pig is the best! The flavors are delicious and one of a kind. Salsas could be a little more spicy, the hot isn't all that hot. But they have bottled sauces that heat it up a little more. Everyone needs to try Braddahs.
Hey everyone this place it's amazing it's like a Hawaiian chipotle!!! Me and my girlfriend ate here late at night with a big group and the service was so nice and inviting for this type of restaurant. We had a bowl with huli huli chicken and the coconut bark witch was amazing. Great place, good service good food!
I'm obsessed with Braddah's. I've eaten there three times in the past week and it is amazing!

The first time I had Braddah's, my boyfriend schlepped from his office clear to my place (about a 1/2 hour drive) with Braddah's takeout. Even a half hour later, the food was amazing. I was hooked. He brought me a Huli Huli chicken bowl with the mango-corn salsa, seaweed rice and black beans - the perfect post work-out meal. 

The next time I had it, I went to the actual store on Rainbow & Sahara - excellent, quick service, a clean restaurant and very friendly employees. Try their hot sauces - the guava one is to die for, and everything is homemade, bottled and labelled by the owner. They even have a drive-thru which, while I haven't been through it yet, is just a fantastic idea. Healthy food on the go that's not freakin Subway? Love it. 

Awesome local joint for a quick, healthy and delicious meal - I can't wait to see them open up in Green Valley/Henderson so I can get my Braddah's fix more frequently! My only suggestion to them? Start a stamp card program like Cafe Rio has - I feel like my boyfriend and I would have filled a few cards by now!!

Quick edit to say - eat half a bowl and save the rest for lunch the next day. This stuff reheats deliciously.
I discovered Braddah's a while ago because it was on the route from picking my kids up from school. Because they had a convenient drive through, we decided to try it. It was great! I LOVED the chicken burrito and my kids,  with their simple and picky palates were equally as happy that they were able to get a basic black bean burrito. However, the Coconut bark was what REALLY dazzled them!
After a couple a trips through their drive through, I decided to use Braddahs to cater my Super Bowl party. I expected great food to be dropped off along with some plastic utensils and napkins. HOWEVER, what I got was so much more than I could have expected!! The chef was present, along with his assitant and a coordinator. They not only brought a full, beautiful spread, but they cooked some items fresh up on my stove, they set my buffet table up beautifully with their own decorations and made what I anticipated to be a great buffet into a truly 5 star catered affair.  And they even cleaned up!! My guests raved for days about the food. The best part was, the price point was incredibly reasoable and I got much more bang for my buck than I could have hoped for. I will definitely be using Braddahs for my future events- I will also be hitting the drive through frequently on my way home from school!! Thank you, Braddahs!!!
Great food and staff were so friendly! Coconut bark....to die for! Had the steak on salad, very tasty! Kalua pig tasted authentic!!
All the meats are great and the owner apologized for not having anymore steak he then said, "if its not seasoned right, I won't serve it" .love this place and I'm from l.a., cali. And nothing was as good as this place wish there was one in los Angeles but I'm buying a burrito to go!
My husband had the Kalua pork bowl and I had Kalua pork tacos. Both entrees were delicious and the pineapple, lime, cilantro sauce on the side went with it very well. The coconut bark is AWESOME. Our cashier Nicole K. was very friendly and helpful. She asked if it was our first time there and gave us meat samples as soon as we got in line. She explained what was in all the salsas as well-- very friendly and helpful! We will definitely be coming back.
Yummee!  Fresh, fun and friendly..  Nice place for a quick bite while out and about.
Visiting from out of town and wanted to try something that I can't find on the East Coast. This fast casual restaurant was just what I was looking for. 

Service was very friendly and we were offered samples of the various meats when they learned it was our first time there. It was hard to choose between the pork and beef but I eventually chose a bowl with the Kalua pork and seaweed rice. It was filling and delicious.
Braddah's is basically the Hawaiian version of Chipotle!

I got the huli huli chicken bowl with guac, nori rice, and corn. Everything blended well together and it tasted great! The portion is big for $8. My dad is from Hawaii so I'm glad I found a place that has huli huli hi ken and kalua pig that tastes like dad's cooking! 

I recommend this place to everyone! Mahalo.
There's this little thing called Love. And I really do love this place. I love the food, I love the atmosphere, I love the mahalo that they spread in return.

It is not your typical Aloha grinds place but take Hawaiian eats like kalua pig, huli huli chicken, pulehu steak, grilled fish and mix it up with a serving style of something to similar to Chipotle and you have Braddah's.

My go to eats are typically a bowl with a bed of seaweed brown rice, a mix of half huli huli chicken and kalua pig, black beans, cabbage, lime, jalapenos, bean sprouts, cilantro, and a mix of mango and roasted corn salsa and tomato with maui onions salsa. I also like to add on a serving of grilled veggies which costs you an extra $1.25. 

You could also choose to add a pineapple verde salsa, lettuce, sour cream, cheese, guacamole ($1.65 extra) and salad dressing options from either papaya buttermilk ranch or roasted sesame gingerette. I am a fan of both salad dressings too.

And the kiddos are not left out here either. They have a kids menu as well that comes with a drink and chips, we also go with a nice cheesy quesadilla. 

You can opt for other options instead of a bowl, you can go with 3 tacos, salad, bowl or burrito. You can double your meat for around $2 I believe. The burritos are huge here FYI. You definitely get your money's worth.

The food is solid. I might have to add a little salt and pepper to my bowl but I leave with a full and more importantly a very happy belly. 

Las but definitely least, the best part of my eats are the dessert. They have this amazing salty and sweet coconut bark and it is just love. pure love. They had a holiday bark around Christmas time which in my opinion was better than the regular coconut bark and I anticipate the return of it again. Either way the bark will break da mouth. It is that good.

I think I am going to have to go again today after writing this review. I need some Braddah's.
I love Hawaiian food and this place did not disappoint. Everything is really customizable and their meat tastes great. I love their Kalua pork which seems to be the fan favorite. Their huli huli chicken is great too. As for the steak, it wasn't to my liking but it didn't taste bad. I didn't get to try the mahi mahi, which I probably should have.

I had a Kalua pork burrito with seaweed rice, sour cream, cheese, etc. it was a really good size and filling for a good price.

Next time I go it defiantly need to try the coconut bark. I've heard nothing but good comments on it.
I didn't know what to expect when my friend insisted we were going to a Hawaiian chipotle, I was dreading lots of mayo, poi, and spam, but I was more than surprised. 

We were greeted by the super friendly manager (owner?), he explained the selection, and offered suggestions. I really appreciated his positive energy, and could see he was passionate about the menu. 

I went in here with a very small appetite, but once we were given samples of the meat choices, I knew I had to have a full dinner. The steak defiantly stands out; amazing flavor, and soft. Nothing like the dry thin steak you see at other burrito type places. The salsa choices are creatively delicious. Pair the pineapple verde with the steak, you won't regret it. 

We were taking our food to go, but I noticed they had house sauces in small hot sauce bottles. I'm so excited to try those once I'm able to come back.


Oh! And if you remotely enjoy chocolate, coconut, and what I think was caramel, you have to try the coconut bark! It's beautiful.
Unbelievably friendly staff (thanks Christopher!) and good, fresh food. Salsa medley a must have. 

I did 1/2 chix 1/2 pork burrito with ALL the fixings. So big it took 2 tortillas to wrap. Very fresh flavors. Next time I'll do chicken tacos. 

I'd recommend this spot. Definitely. Great location, CLEAN dining room, personal service and tasty grub. 

Thanks!
almost like chipotle, but better. same format but you get legit hawaiian meats like huli hulu chicken, and fried fish. their sesame vinaigrette is so good! and the chocolate coconut bars were tasty too. highly recommend this place. 

if you're looking for super authentic hawaiian food, this place is NOT IT. but it is a good mix of chipotle with an island swag. 

obviously, services is friendly as well. they're from hawaii! mahalo, braddah!
As it's been said a thousand times over, this place is along the lines of a "Hawaiian Chipotle" with an assembly line of meats, toppings and sauces that go within a burrito or salad bowl using Hawaiian inspired ingredients, and depending on where you would rank Chipotle in the spectrum of similar restaurants in its class (a solid 3 star pushing towards 3.5 for me), this place also falls within a similar status.  

High points include the friendly staff since we were offered samples of the proteins prior to ordering and the meats themselves are pretty solid in texture and seasoning.  I noticed a one star review where the owner and customer got into a disagreement on whether or not an adult ordering a kids meal was able to receive chips/drink as stated on the menu, and not sure if that was handled properly since if it is not explicitly stated that the kids meal does not include drink/chips if ordered for an adult or that it is reserved for customers less than a certain age, not worth arguing over what is implied or inferred (owner may have won the battle, but lost the war since a potentially loyal customer and future referrals were lost over something trivial, and I doubt this scenario would come up very often since the prices on the regular menu are fairly budget friendly and there is a nice yelp deal available as well).

I was initially leaning towards rounding this to 4 stars due to the fact that I like the concept and I'm always in support of local businesses, but with the ratings already a bit inflated and if I were to rate it honestly in terms of flavor, it's not quite there yet.  Everything on the menu seems to read better than they taste including the salsas and the little bottled sauces which were seemingly watered down and my palate was struggling to find them with each bite, even after applying them directly onto an individual bite.  Hawaiian food is all about bright and bold flavors with contrasting textures and colors, and I felt like it was Chipotle with a mere Hawaiian twist whereas I'd rather be commenting that this was like Hawaiian food served in the style and accessibility of Chipotle.  Perhaps since they are a budding new business, ingredients need to be kept within a certain budget, but I hope to see them expand to have more interesting options such as poke, opakapaka, korean short -ribs, or spam as additional protein options in the form of nachos or their burritos/bowls, and something with a wasabi or taro element since those are all popular flavors from the island.  I didn't get a chance to try the well-reviewed coconut bark, but I don't think it would be too difficult to imagine coconut, chocolate, and buttery toffee to be a winning combination.  

If the owner is keeping up reading these reviews, you should feel proud that so many locals are supporting your product with 4-5 star reviews and building a local following, but I hope you're continuing to strive to improve and showcase your passion and homage to Hawaiian food and I hope to return at some point to dole out a few more stars.  For now, the bark is bigger than its' bite(s).
This place was awesome! Everyone was so friendly! I must of looked confused because I was asked if it was my first time! I got the steak tacos and told the guy to make it how he would eat it, it was soo good!!! The hot sauces they had were amazing such great flavors! You also have to try the coconut bark! It's so good! I'm hooked
In a city full of crappy fast food chains, its refreshing to walk into a friendly place with a unique offering that tastes good and won't leave you feeling like a McFatass afterwards. The meats are delicious and if you haven't been there before, they'll probably offer you a taste of a few so you'll know what to get. The portions are good and they are super friendly. You can tell they try hard to show that they appreciate your business which is why many people there were regulars. 

My wife is a total food snob and would never imagine going to any fast food place besides In-n-out (gets 'em every time, doesn't it?) When we walked in, her first question was, "is this fast food?" I mumbled something about giving it a chance. Well, we did and we both liked what we got and will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.
Mmmm, everything about this place was amazing!  The food, the atmosphere, and the service!  I love the idea of mixing the Hawaii locals favorites with that Mexican twist.  So far, I've tried the kalua pig (pulled pork) and the huli huli chicken bowls (gotta have the bowls!).  Both have great quality to them- the kalua pig has that perfect texture, it's not too wet but still very juicy and flavorful.  The huli huli was my favorite.  The chicken doesn't have that thick layer of fat lots of places like to keep on there, was all juicy meat.  All the veggies used were fresh, which can make or break dishes like these.  Now their coconut bark, mmm... It's sort of a soft brittle with chocolate and coconut.  Try it!!
The staff really have that aloha spirit for ALL of their customers, not just the ones from the islands.  They also let you sample their meats in case you've never had them before!  I totally recommend this place!
Delicious food, great service. You can't go wrong no matter what you order. The steak bowl is great as is the fish. The sauces are all quite good I like the raspberry jalapeno and the spicy salsa the best. I dream about the seaweed rice mixed with everything. The kids meals are cheap and tons of food and the coconut bark is a great dessert think almond roca but instead of the almonds light coconut.
Not bad.  Seemed a lot more like Chipotle than Hawaiian anything, but food was pretty decent.
After a failed attempt at getting $1 Italian subs from a near business doing a grand opening special I finally decided to give Braddah's another shot. Have you every had Chipotle's, Café Rio, and Qdoba? It's basically like those places but using Hawaiian inspired ingredients. Honestly I can see this place doing real good, I mean Chipotle and likes are pretty popular and Braddah's isn't that bad. It actually got busy after I got there.

You first choose what you want a burrito (flour or whole wheat tortilla), a bowl, a salad, or 3 tacos (soft flour or crispy corn). Then you choose your meats. They'll let you sample the meats, they were very delicious. They have huli huli chicken, kalua pig, pulehu steak, grilled fish, and grilled veggies. Then you add various non-meat items.

There was a Groupon which I remembered after I got there and quickly bought. I decided on two burritos. Burrito #1: Whole wheat tortilla stuffed with pulehu steak, seaweed rice, black beans, charred pineapple verde, mango and roasted corn, lettuce, jalapenos, lime, and cilantro. It was GOOD. Burrito #2: Flour tortilla stuffed with huli huli chicken, grilled veggies, black bean, tomato with grilled maui onions, charred pineapple verde, sour cream, lettuce, lime, and cilantro. It was also GOOD. Both of the burritos could've used more heat but that's just me. I don't think I've ate anything like it back home but I really liked it.

They are decorated in island themed things, with I believe a drive thru and seating inside and outside. The service is very friendly. Plus I saw that they're planning on opening more locations around the Valley.

Weird, my big fingers gave them a 3 star rating. My bad.
Today was my 1st time here & I loved it all. First, the gave me samples of their most popular meet; both the Huli Huli chicken & pulled pork was delicious. The best part is it's so much more healthier than L & L BBQ
Chipotle's Cool Hawaiian Cousin

Following a proven formula, Braddah's expands upon the Chipotle model with distinctive flavors, canned guava juices and wheat tortillas. I enjoyed the chicken and fish tacos, but there are plenty of other options as well. You can do a bowl, burrito or three tacos and apparently the dessert option of coconut bark is not to be missed.

Friendly staff set a positive tone up front, but I have to admit that the fact that you just leave your tray and plates at your table seemed out of place, but was a nice enough touch. If I lived in Vegas, this would be a stand-by for a quick lunch or easy dinner!
Hawaiian version of Chipotle? Sure.... But it's not as good. Maybe it has something to do with me going at night? I didn't even end up finishing my bowl and I NEVER do that. Usually if I don't enjoy something, I'll still trudge my way through eating it because quite frankly it's not that bad... Usually. 

I ordered the chicken bowl with all the fixings. The chicken was dry, the rice tasted like its been sitting there all day, and everything just had a strange taste to it. Like I said, maybe I went at a bad time... But unfortunately I'm not tempted to go back and try again. 

The coconut bar was pretty good though.
I have not Yelped in a while because quite frankly it has been a long time since I have been impressed enough to care... I AM IMPRESSED! And that is saying something because I am from Hawaii and my father has been a chef on the Big Island for 40 years. In short, I love this place. The only downside is that they do not have "Mac-Salad..." Kind of strange for a Hawaiian joint... However, the meats were excellent and I will bring my dads Mac-salad the next time I visit :)
This place is still great!

I get the Burrito with Flour Tortilla, Kalua Pork, Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Cabbage and Lettuce.  For Salsas, I got the Mango & Roasted Corn and Tomato W/ Grilled Maui Onion.

Coconut Bark - Awesome!

I went here with my wife about two weeks ago for some dinner. We came around 8:00pm.  I have to admit, this time I was screaming and dying inside.  I didn't get as big as a portion as I normally do with my Kalua Pork.  The food was still good, however I was a little disappointment.   

Consistency is key here.   I will give this place another try again, this has to be a fluke!
Yea!  I finally tried Braddah's Island Style.  And I so wish I could like it as much as four stars but I'm not sure that I do.  I'm really on the fence with this one.  Lets start with the positives.  Upon entering I was offered a nice Hawaiian style welcoming into the restaurant.  Mahalo to them for that.  I was asked if it was my first visit and I said yes.  With that I was offered a sample of the kalua pig and huli huli chicken.  Both were very good though I don't always care for pork.  This was on the oily side but still had a great initial flavor.  It is the porky after taste I don't care for.  The chicken on the other hand was a stand out with a sort of sweet and salty taste with a hint of grill char.  So I selected the huli huli chicken to fill my burrito.  When I ordered a burrito I was disappointed to see a generic Mission brand flour tortilla pulled out of the bag.  I mean seriously $7 for a burrito in an 8 inch tortilla?  It turns out they ran out of their usual jumbo tortillas.  So alright, I'll let this one slide.  Next came a very carefully measured spoon of seaweed rice (awesome flavor BTW) and an equally measured spoon of chicken.  It was a new guy making my order and he was being very cautious to the point of me feeling like I was getting ripped off.  But with the addition of the black beans, two kinds of salsa (roasted pine apple and corn varieties) and some shredded cheese I realized just how much was packed into this little tortilla.  There was so much in fact that it could not be fully rolled.  One of the burrito veterans came over for the assist and rolled an extra tortilla around the first and got a nice tightly tucked buritto.  When I reached the register I ordered a can of Hawaiian green tea and was asked if I wanted coconut bark.  I declined the bark as I don't even know what it is.  Not that it matters.  I am not a coconut fan any how.  So I paid and found a table in the corner and took my first bite of an Island Style burrito and honeslty I was not blown away.  Beneath the rice, beans and salsa the flavor of the chicken was lost.  I'm not saying it was a bad burrito but all together it lacked something.  The salsa could have been hotter.  I realize that I got the mild and medium salsas but there just wasn't much to them.  Mostly what I could taste in the burrito was the seaweed rice.  I do love the taste of seaweed so that was nice but overall it was nothing special.  My other issue is the limited menu.  They specialize in burritos, tacos, salads and bowls.  They also seem to have chips and guacamole.  What I really wish they had is musubi but I guess that doesn't quite fit their business model.  I think I will give them another try some time.  Perhaps I'll try another protien other than chicken.  It is my understanding they have steak and fish too though neither were offered as a sample.  I would like to give the steak a try though.  Perhaps I will appreciate the steak more than the chicken and bump up Braddah's to the four stars I know I want to give them.
The Huli Huli Chicken Salad was tasty light and fresh. Much better than the comparison to Chipotle. Service was friendly and quick. Cute Hawaiian themed atmosphere. We could use a place like this in California!
If you like island style grub, it doesn't get much better. My friend told me about this place several months ago and now I'm kicking myself for waiting so long to try it out. So far I have tried the chicken, pork and steak... I must admit, I LOVE them ALL! My boyfriend favors the steak with the corn salsa! I also love the chips and guac, but let's not forget the COCONUT BARK... OMG! I also like how friendly everyone there is... I will definitley be a regualr!
Im not sure it worked out right......I didnt really look at the price but i told the woman I saw the place on Yelp and she was very appreciative.  I told her I had a Yelp $10 coupon and she marked it "used".  I ordered two bowls and two drinks.  She said the total was $21.??   I was talking and helping with drinks etc and it didnt occur to me til later.   That would make two bowls and two drink more than $31.....could that be right?  

It was good though.
Everything here is delicious!! And they have the friendliest staff around, makes you feel like you're in the islands, for sure! Totally worth driving across town for!!
In the mood for Hawaiian BBQ today and the ratings on Yelp said we should give this a try. Good call. 

Not your average Hawaiian plate lunch spot.  More like a Zaba's/Chipotle with a Hawaiian inspired tastes. 

When we arrived and looked over the menu we were asked if it was our first visit and would we like to sample the meats.  Of course we did.  A delicious seasoned chicken, Kalua pig and a teriyaki style beef. All were delicious and between the four of us we ordered each of the three. 

We ended up with two burritos and two bowls. The portions were very generous. The ingredients were fresh and cooked perfectly.  

The bowls were served in real bowls with real silverware.  They do the busing of the table when you are through. I think that adds to the immaculate appearance.  

The staff were so friendly and seemed to sincerely want you to enjoy your meal.  The prices were very fair.  It came to $10 per person with drinks. Quite reasonable for such high quality ingredients and preparation.  

We also sat outside on a nice patio area with umbrellas and palm trees. Nice atmosphere and not too close to traffic on Rainbow. 

Excellent choice today.  We will be back and this looks to become part of our weekend lunch rotation.
Hawaiian Sytle Chipotle.  The coconut bark is a must try. They have special sauces for the tacos.  The spicy coconut sauce is out of this world!
Food was greeaat!  I had the steak while hubby had the pork,  food was flavorful and fresh.  I really loved the coconut bark too.  The guys there had a great attitude with amazing services.  will be back AGAIN
I have read and heard a lot about Braddah's and I've been dying to try it. Boy am I glad I decided to go here with some of my friends!

From the time I walked in, I was greeted in a friendly manner by the staff and promptly asked if I had been there before. I haven't previously, and I was given a sample along with my friends to try their various meats. Honestly, when I tried all of the various meats, they were all so delicious... I had the hardest time deciding between the steak, chicken, and pork and I just decided on getting the chicken and steak, but the pork will have its turn in the future!

The ordering style is identical to Chipotle. If you haven't been to a Chipotle, what you essentially do is tell the first person what kind of dish you want along with your meat. You'll go along the line and say what items you want and don't want on your dish. At the end of the line, you and the people making your dish have made your masterpiece! Just a reminder, just like Chipotle, if you get a burrito bowl, you can get tortillas on the side, which is a definite plus in my book. It seems like you can't pile it up as high as Chipotle, but the food is still nonetheless delicious. Take a visit if you're craving delicious food!
Absolutely one of my favorite lunch spots and the super friendly staff makes the experience even better. 

My favorite thing to get is a steak burrito with seaweed rice, lettuce, cheese, chile verde salsa, fresh bean sprouts, sour cream, guacamole, and then lime juice drizzled all over it. This burrito is so ginormous that it stands on its own. 

I never feel guilty when I eat here because nothing is fried. Okay, I do feel a little guilty when I have their amazing Coconut Bark, but its just so good!
Been dying to check this place out and finally got a chance yesterday and was definitely impressed.  The service is great and I love how they'll give you a sample of the pork or chicken before ordering because I really didn't know what I wanted (I went with the pork and was not disappointed. My buddy got the chicken and was happy with his as well. 

Other positives -- quality ingredients including fresh jalapeños.  Really makes a difference you can tell. Great portions and very fairly priced I would say. I like the Hawaiian themed touches around the restaurant. 

Only minus really -- they're going to need some window treatments of some kind very soon because despite it only being March and the temperature around 70-ish it was blazing hot at sundown with the sun setting in the west.  I suspect they might be aware of this and working on it. 

In any event, I'll definitely be back soon.
Great food and a willingness to make a wrong right.  BRAVO~
Its always a plus when the service and employees are amazingly nice and friendly! The portions are huge and the food is DELICIOUS! Cant go wrong with this place!
Great concept, staff full of aloha spirit, and Ono grinds!  I've tried the Huli chicken and the steak.. Love both!  Oh and their guac is very tasty as well.  No they don't have a dollar menu, but you get what you pay for ;) I wish this business much success as I plan on dining here again & again when that crazy Hawaiian with a little spice craving takes me over.. Or for the best "fast food" dessert ever, Coconut Bark!
Just amazing food, fully customizable, and immensely satisfying. Check Yelp or Groupon for deals. My first time arriving here, the super friendly staff asked if I'd been there before, and gave me samples of their meats, and each was delicious, super flavorful, and unique tasting. This isn't your typical grilled chicken or steak, it's got FLAVOR! The Kalua pig was sweet and savory, probably the best pork I'd ever had. Definitely going back!
Always wanted to try this place, and finally stopped in...glad I did, because it definitely did not disappoint!!! The owner Chris, was there, and asked me if it was my first time there, and as it was, let me sample some of the meats. Love, love, love the kalua pork!!  Not salty or greasy....just right!!!!! I also love the options of having whole wheat tortillas and brown rice with or without seaweed. Took a couple of menus and passed them out to my coworkers....many of whom are from Hawaii. Only reason why I omitted a star was because on my second visit, I also ordered chips and guacamole, and for $4+, the little container of guacamole was disappointing, albeit delicious....but to have to scrape the bottom of the container after a few chips...other than that, the food is EXCELLENT!!!! They definitely do not skimp on the burrito!
Short: Bring a half off or 2 for 1 coupon. Questionable prices, but good food and decent service.

Long: I want to really like this place, but it's not doing itself any favors.
I came here since I've been seeing its coupons on several sites, and yelp had a $5 for $10 coupon up, so I snagged it and came here.
I arrived a bit early, and they were still setting up. In the meantime, they offered me a sample of their meat and I took it up. I haven't had this type of service for a long time. Then they took my order. I got 3 soft tacos with rice and beans, and a drink. 

On my tacos I got Hula Hula Chicken, Kalua Pig, and Palehu Steak. All were very good, but a few problems: 1) If you order a portion of your mean to be the Steak or Fish, you get charged as if your entire order was that--which is extra. 2) The Kalua Pork, while the best meat here, tastes like it's bathing in lard (which is good, kinda). It's just saturated with liquid fat, so do avoid if you're on a diet!
I only got salsa for topping, and I tried the three different--free--salsas they had. The pineapple and tomato/onion salsa were overpowering and I couldn't taste the meat with them in the tacos. The corn one was good. They would be great on anything else, just not with the meat. Leaves me questioning if I should have left them out.

My biggest complaint of food is with the sides. I had rice and beans with the side, and they were TERRIBLE. 
The beans were like straight out of a can. I don't know if they make their own black beans, but they taste like any black beans you can dump from a can.
The rice, while you can tell is made in-house, is the worse. It's some kind of white/wild rice with some of the shell still on it, with some "seaweed" spice. This would be great if it was boiled or steam loosely, if the rice wasn't made Japanese/sticky-rice style. By making it sticky, the rice turns to just globs of messy, weird rice. With Japanese sticky rice, this is great as the rice tastes clean, and "pure" (hard to explain). But with this, the rice tastes dirty and just unappetizing. 
AVOID these. Several other customers after me--more experienced--didn't touch them for this reason.

I do have to give mad props for having apple juice on the fountain drinks. That's something I've never seen before, and I love apple juice!
They do have two side sauces, which taste like concentrated artificial juice drinks with some hot sauce in them. While good, just doesn't sit right with me.

The service, was meh~. You're served from the counter--Subway style--which means the meat and all the sides are sitting out the entire time, pre-cooked and all. Then, the service ends about there. You get your own drinks, and leave your plates on the table. For the price I would have paid--if not for the coupon I had--this would have been pretty bad.

MY BIGGEST COMPLAINT: Price. I can't see spending $10.25 on what I got. Three OK tacos, terrible rice and beans, and a fountain drink, with little to no service, for $10. I just don't see it. I can dine out for that price, and get much better and more food elsewhere--just not "Hawaiian" style. With the $5 for $10 coupon I got from Yelp, it made it worth it, and I'm satisfied. I'm just moved enough to pay $10 for everything. 

Come here if you've got the groupons or Yelp coupon, or if you really want to try this place. Otherwise, I don't see the value in it.
Their burrito bowls are bountiful in size! The flavors were all delicious separately but the combination I ordered wasn't entirely complimentary. 

Cool concept, so I'll be back again but to try something new.
WOW!!! Absolutely delicious!! I hate trying new things because I'm really picky and I end up not liking new food, but I will definitely be back.  I got the chicken bowl with seaweed rice, mango salsa, black beans and grilled veggies.  Oh man, I'm in love with tha Braddah's lol...
Excellent food! Great new spot. Had the groupon which made it that much better. Staff was very friendly as well
We were pleasantly surprised by the size (large) and cleanliness of this relatively new restaurant that serves high quality fast food at more than reasonable prices.  We were given samples of huli huli chicken, kalua pig and pulehu steak by the friendly counter person.   We both agreed the pig was the way to go and shared a burrito adding black beans, sour cream, cilantro,  lettuce, guacamole (extra charge) and cheese along with  tomato with Maui onion sauce.  In addition we ordered a soda and quarter pound box of coconut bark.  This is fast food, but the freshness of all the ingredients sets it apart from the chains.  The coconut bark could prove to be addictive.  

As we prepared to depart, one of the co-owners thanked us and proceeded to tell us a little (too much?) about his background and future plans which include opening another Braddah's in Centennial Hills on April 15th.
Awesome place!! As everyone said the huli huli chicken and the kalua pig is awesome!!! I had the kalua pig in my buritto and that bugga was ono aka GOOD!!! Being born and raised in Hawaii its been a long time since i had great kalua pig. Wifey had the bowl with the huli huli chicken. Just like Quidoba where you choose what goes in the bowl. If its your first time they will offer you a sample of the kalua pig and huli huli chicken. Buggah is ono!! Highly recommend!
After following them on Instagram for some time, I decided to pop in for lunch with my son and sister. Right when we walked in, we were pleasantly greeted and asked if it was our first time there. We said yes and she asked if we'd like some meat samples. Whaa?! Yes please! She explained what each meat was and what our meal options were. Because of that I ended up ordering two types of meat instead! The flavor for all the meats were so rich and tasty! I ended up choosing the kalua pig and the pulehu steak in a bowl with a bunch of selections from their toppings bar including the yummy seaweed rice. The portion sizes were great and the quality of the food was perfect for their affordable pricing. We also ordered their "award winning" coconut bark and OMG! It's to die for! I'm not the biggest fan of coconut but this stuff is AMAZING! We ended up ordering another box to take home. I ended up meeting the owner as we were leaving and he was so humble and thankful for our service. We'll definitely be coming back!
LOVED this place. First read about Braddah's on the KNPR auction website. Didn't bid then, but regretted having missed that option so jumped on a chance to buy a Groupon when the opportunity arose. Finally visited the restaurant on Thursday night. Went with a group of 4. Each of us chose a different option--salad, rice bowl, burrito, tacos--and each was thrilled with his/her choice. In addition to the delicious food, we were impressed by the friendly, helpful staff. They offered us samples of the meats and accepted our Groupon without any issue. We will be returning again--and again.
This was my first time here. We went through the drive thru. It was an easy process. We also didn't have to wait long to get our food. I got the Kalua pig in a burrito. Pretty much everything in it with the tomato and Maui onion sauce. Got home and got settled. I took my first bite and it was amazing. The Kalua pig was amazing. I don't know how else to describe it. Each bite was just as good as the first. You must give this place a try! Definitely coming back to try the pulehu steak.
Great service and fantastic food. Yes, it was like a chipotle's but the differences where exciting. I fell in love with the coconut bark. I would recommend trying this place out you won't be disappointed.
First time here today..  I have to say the food is really good.. I got a chix salad. I definitely liked it l.  The set up really reminds me of Chipotle but a Hawaiian version I love it.. Coconut bark is the business
Found this place on yelp, we were fans of chipotle and now this is our go to spot! Service is always fast in the drive-thru, we never wait more than 5mins at the window. Steak & chicken is good, if you're not used to Hawaiian flavors it has a tad sweetness to it (a little like teriyaki) so if u don't like that flavor then go with the pork or fish. I usually get the salad bowl, they always give dressing with it but u don't need it if you're adding salsa and all the other add-ons. I recently just tried the salad dressing and if skip it! Tasted funny. And I always get the spicy salsa with Maui onion, I tried the mango salsa and it was disappointing just bland. The coconut bark is worth a try to see if you like it but the price is pretty steep for the size ($4 for a tiny box with about 3 small pieces) a $1 candy bar at the store might be a better deal lol but overall a good place to go. So minus 1-star for the salad dressing, size of dessert and prices is a tad high.
Love this place. They give u so much meat for the price of salad. Never has the bark and it was so good!
All I can say is mmmm the food was delicious I really enjoy the pulled pork  also the Chicken. the best part of  the meal was picking out  fresh ingredients to add to the bowel I think  the coconut bark at the end of the meal made everything go down a lot better will I try again..... Hell yeah this food rocks my husband is from Hawaii and gives it five stars the seaweed rice was outstanding.
Grew up in west Oahu so I know da kine!  The huli huli is small kine dry to me but I like choke sauce Bruh. Also the kalua pig was ono!
Always impressed. I was on my way to an appointment, and noticed this location (I just ate at the Centennial Hills location for dinner last night) and so With my daughters prompting (begging) we decided to stop by for lunch. 

The kalua pork is my favorite. I also love the charred pineapple verde salsa. So much yum. I made sure not to forget the coconut bark this time, and I was not disappointed. It's a chocolate salty caramel treat with a bit of crunch in the middle. Very rich, and a little goes a long way. Don't forget about the "hot" sauces! 

I love this place! And so does my picky daughter. Awesome restaurant! Oh, I almost forgot to mention the super friendly service. All of the staff are pleasant and helpful. Great find. :)
So I've just returned from lunch and realized I've never reviewed Braddah's. The more I eat here, the more I love it. I've had their bowls and burritos, and of course, the coconut bark. I love the Kalua Pig and normally get that, but I've also tried their steak and chicken. I seriously just love getting the bowl because they can fit much more in the bowl than they can in that tortilla! 

Customer service is always on point and everyone appears to truly enjoy working here. 

Please note, that it's "just like Chipotle" in the sense that you go through the line picking what you want on or in your entrée item, but it's in no way "just like Chipotle" in the flavor sense. There are countless variations of their menu and it's all yours for the taking. I'm so excited to keep on coming back here and am even more excited that there will be one coming soon to Henderson (right??!!).
The service & food here are great. I have always gotten the salad but have tried the chicken, pig and beef. All are excellent. I love the corn salsa and the guacamole is excellent. I am in love with the coconut bark. The name is misleading, because I don't like coconut, but it's this caramel & chocolate bar with a touch of coconut on it. It is quite amazing and I have to keep myself from eating the whole bag. They always have groupons too, so anytime I can save $$, it makes it even better! Mahalo.
I enjoyed my salad, hubby had a burrito, it was amazing. They were really friendly, even offered us free samples.
It was OK.  Good for a yelp deal. Paid very little for a lot of food.  Wasn't my fav food I had while in Vegas but it was new and unique and hit the spot one afternoon we were out exploring looking for new eats!
This place is amazing! It was my first time here because I am on a job out here with my Vegas firms team and if its your first time, they personally bring you a bowl of all three meats for you to try. Their pulehu steak was my favorite! This place is like a Hawaiian chipotle.  They even have thwir own made salsas and sauces. Brilliant. I enjoyed it with my favorite-hawaiian sun :)
Food was very good. Staff very accommodating. Sauces are good but the bottle doesn't have a spout, just be aware. Definitely recommend and will go back.
I looked at the food options as I told the manager that it was my first time, and she took out a bowl and gave me a sample of each of the different meats they had - I didn't even ask!  Each was good, but the pig was juicy and awesome.  The seaweed mixed with rice was delicious, too.  They give you alot of food for the price, though I wish they didn't charge $1.15 for a small helping of grilled vegetables.  Still, the food was good and the staff were so much friendlier than I would have expected.  I look forward to going back!
Braddahs! The friendliness of staff, great service, and cleanliness of the restaurant ALONE deserve 5 stars. Braddahs is a great new concept!
....... I'm not going to lie, I was not a fan of the food at first. The main one being that the actual temperature of the food wasn't piping hot like I enjoy. I think all of the veggies and cold salsas took away from the warmth of the meat. I had the HuliHuli chicken burrito with seaweed rice, fajita veggies, corn salsa, and guac. The chicken was seasoned well but it was a bit on the cold side for a burrito. In your defense we did come in about 15 minutes before closing and maybe I got the last batch of chicken.
After much debate my boyfriend drug me back into this location (He's a HUGE fan of Braddahs) to give it one more try. I was honest with the young lady working and she asked lots of questions about what I did not like on my first visit and was determined to fix it..... she talked me into something different.
This time around I had a three taco plate. 1 Kahluah Pig and 2 steak tacos and  OH MYYYYYY....... AMAZING!!!
That Kahluah pig was perfectly seasoned, juicy, and tender, as was the steak. The tacos were very generously portioned out. Perfect!!!
Thank you for making a believer out of me!
P.S. The coconut bark is worth every single calorie. ;o)
A must try island style fresh fast casual with lots of delicious options and aloha.
.... and mahalo.  Their kahlua pork was like getting lei'd in a bowl of deliciousness.  Highly recommend chilling out in the cool clean island themed fresh fast casual.  Sounds of Hawaiian music will make you feel like you're at a luau.  Fantastic food and island style aloha service ya.
Had some take out from the Durango/215 location(formerly Sliding Thru) and the food was excellent.  Delicious, steak and kalua pork burritos...pretty big portions! My 18 month old daughter's kalua pork taco had so much meat, it was enough for 2 meals!!
Not to mention extremely friendly staff! We were excited to come back. We figured "If take out was this good, maybe dining in would be even better!"

Fast forward to today-

We get inside the restaurant and discover that it's a Chipotle style assembly line kind of deal. No biggie...if the foods delicious, I don't mind!  We order bowls this time instead of burritos.  Big bowls...skimpy portions. Our bowl was BARELY 2/3 full. If that's your portion size...please get an appropriate size bowl!!  My daughter got the same taco from last week but  this time it was a pathetic, anorexic version of the one from last week. Maybe a spoonful of meat. They charge $3 for a kids taco and APPARENTLY $1 more for meat. That's $4 for basically nothing!  Not to mention the menu was confusing as hell in regards to the kids taco. I'm sure we're not the only ones to find it confusing and a bit of a rip off. Now what happened in a week to cause this drastic change? The staff wasn't nearly as nice as before. Although the manager did try to remedy the situation and gave us a refund on the taco.  The food wasn't nearly was good as before. Bland, and not very hot.  I'm especially bummed because this was our "cheat" meal after eating healthy all week. Last week I was going to be a regular customer...after today...not so much...

P.S. Hawaiian food is supposed to  be tasty, big portions of deliciousness. The portions today were for the price they charge... Insulting...
Very friendly staff. Great service. The atmosphere of the restraunt is like going on vacation. I had a salad with the chicken. Portions are very large. The salad was ok but not great. Maybe i will try something else next time. But the friendly staff are very welcoming and the prices are reasonable.
Tried the steak, fish and kalua pig and the kalua pig was definitely my favorite! Great service & friendly staff! I'll be back soon :) oh and prices are very reasonable!
Awesome concept. The flavor of the hulihuli chicken was authentic. My wife had the pulehu steak bowl. I like that they only serve brown rice, with or without the seaweed. Super friendly service. The restaurant is clean, and the decor is like a vintage plantation house in Hawaii. The Coconut Bark is a must try. It is dangerously Ono!  Dieters beware!
Braddahs is a very friendly staff!! She let us taste test the food!!  It's so good, I had the bowl with seaweed rice with half Kalua and half steak with the beans and salsa!! Onolicious!!  You must go eat!!!
Two words. Coconut Bark. 
I reminds me of toffee, accept delicious, because I dislike toffee. A must try!


The Staff is very friendly, and the food portions are generous. The style is similar to chipotle, or Zaba's Mexican Grill as you go down the line and pick your food options. The meat options were tasty. My Favorite by far is the Pork. Delicious and flavorful. The other meat options were not filled with gristle either, and this is a major plus for me. Chicken, steak, and fish are also up for grabs.  

Finally, you can toss some sauces on the food to add some extra kick. I tried a raspberry hotsauce, and a pinapple jalapeno sauce. Both taste great, and do not overpower the food, but add to it as a compliment, unlike most hotsauces that take over the flavor..
This is by far one of the best places we have gone to eat in Las Vegas.  The burritos were great and BIG!!!!!  We tried the kallua pig and chicken and they were very tasty.  This just might cause us to rate Hawaiian as our favorite food edging out other favorites such as Mexican and Thai.  Overall - this was really good and can't be beat. You must try the bark.  It is incredible - and - out of this world!
Friendly people, great food, clean & inviting location.  Couldn't ask for more.
First things...the coconut bark is SO BOMB! Secondly this place has amazing and fresh entrees. I'm coming back for sure.
This place is awesome! !!!!!! Great customer service.  And the pig is out of this world. Its the new Chipotle.
I ate here tonight and I was very surprised. I had the tacos and they were very tasty.
Braddah's offerings are similar to Chipotle, yet with Hawaiian twist. If you're a fan of Burrito Bowl at Chipotle, chances are high that you'll like Huli Huli Chicken Rice Bowl here.
Hearing that Braddah's was featured on Groupon, I quickly took the opportunity to snatch that deal. As a Hawaiian who's super passionate about food, it's didn't take long to hear about this place. My impression was that this was a Hawaiian joint taking a Mexican fusion approach. I wanted to visit this place to see how accurate that was. 

Rolling up to Braddah's, I thought it was super cute! Yellow awning type roof, outside seating with bright yellow umbrellas. I knew the inside wouldn't disappoint as well. The color scheme is green and yellow, a very common combo from my hometown on the Big Island. My past schools had the same color scheme and a lot of housing tend to represent the same combo. The walls were beautifully adorned with Hawaii prints, maps and other artwork. Hawaiian music played over the speakers bringing a laid back vibe to the restaurant. The staff was pretty young, but full of the Aloha spirit. Kenny, a long time employee is someone I met through the Hawaiian community here in Vegas and seems to really embody the Hawaiian mentality. It made me feel like I was visiting a place back home in Hawaii! 

The food choice was really creative! I felt like I was visiting the Hawaiian version of Chipotle or Cafe Rio! For step 1, you basically choose a burrito, bowl, salad or 3 tacos and take it from there. On this visit, I chose the bowl, topped with step 2, kalua pig for $6.95 and doubled with huli huli chicken for an extra $2.00. Step 3, I chose seaweed rice (brown rice with nori) and black beans, step 4 I went with the mango and corn salsa, as well as the guacamole for an extra $1.65. My last step, step 5, I chose toppings like cabbage, cilantro and a'a lava chips. As you can see, you're literally building a plate from the ground up. Lots to choose from and the food was awesome. The kalua pig was super smokey and really juicy! The chicken was flavored well and really tender. All toppings and elements brought that Latin flare and a refreshing component. The cabbage and chips helped to represent a crunchy texture. Truly a great dish! For dessert I had to get the small coconut bark for $3.95. It was 1/4 of a pound goodness! Chocolate, caramel, cookie and coconut layered to make a sweet delight. Great way to end this wonderful meal! 

Seeing the great deals they offer on Groupon AND Yelp, makes me wonder. Usually Groupon deals to me, means the place is trying to attract more customers. The food they offer, in my opinion, does not need all that hype. When you serve great food at affordable prices, people will just come. This place serves pretty amazing food if I say so myself :-) I live on the opposite side of the valley and after trying this place out, I'm definitely coming back again soon, no matter the distance. It was delicious! So excited they're going to be opening up a Maryland location!!!
To all of my peeps that gave this place 5 stars! Let's high 5 it! I'm all the way up there with you guys! Service was excellent. Much love to sweet Carmella and down to earth Jonathan! Let's not play... The flavor of the pulehu steak was killer! A symphony of sweet, salty and a flavor explosion of tender meat. Lets just say it's teriyaki steak's prettier cousin. The huli huli chicken was great as well - moist, perfectly seasoned with a tasty charred flavor. The Kalua pork was fork tender, moist and juicy (but just not my thing). But man oh man, the steak is definitely the winner. I'll just have all steak please!

So, you can count on me to talk about all of the unique sauces they had to offer...What can I say? I'm a sauce whore. Make sure to try all of their bottled sauces! Our favorite was the pineapple lime and jalapeño - it has an addicting, sweet, tropical flavor that pairs perfectly with the chicken and steak! We doused the crap out of our tacos and bowl with it. So good! They also have the coconut colada pearl which had a very light creamy coconut flavor, and the kind of heat that mildly hits you towards the back of your throat. It's not too spicy at all in our opinion, but it was also not our favorite. The raspberry jalapeño was interesting as well, it was sweet and very unique, though we thought the raspberry flavor tasted a little too artificial and more like chemicals. 

My favorites are:
The bowl or crispy tacos
Pulehu steak!!! Or if you must, huli huli chicken 
Medium mango and roasted corn salsa 
Spicy tomato salsa with grilled Maui onion 
Guacamole 
Sliced raw jalapeños 
Brown rice with nori
Sour cream

I'd probably top it with more veggies, but my tacos were already exploding at the seams! Don't worry, it's ok if you get a little messy eating the tacos. It's so worth it!
I want to start off my review with -- YOU MUST GET THE COCONUT BARK! It's like the best thing I have ever eaten! Extra star is solely for the coconut bark!

First time I heard of this place I thought.. Hawaiian Mexican fusion that's freakin awesome! I was pretty intrigued because I do enjoy both of these ethnic foods. & the pictures made my mouth water. 

It pretty much has a Chipotle feel to it. I got a chicken bowl w/ seaweed rice, mango roasted corn, tomato grilled maui onions and a ton load of lettuce. Although I did enjoy the meal I didn't give it more stars because after the meal I didn't feel like I wanted to come back right away. All i really keep thinking about was how much I want that coconut bark. & not so much the actual food they have. Next time I'm gonna go for the steak. NIeves D. gave me a lil sample and that was way better then the chicken I decided to go with.

The staff is incredibly nice. The guy in charge defiantly hooked it up. Gave us free drinks & free coconut bark! YES!! 

The side door was wide open due to a crack on the glass so all types of bugs were flying in & I thought that was pretty unsanitary.
First time here and very impressed! The food was fresh and well flavored. Had the veggie bowl with seaweed rice, cabbage relish and jalepanos. Boyfriend had the streak and loved it!  Atmosphere was fun and relaxing! Will be back!!!
I'm going to go ahead and add my 5 star rating to Bruddah's collection. If you haven't tried the food here, you've been missing out. 

The steak - oh my, the steak.  I could go on and on about it. I don't know what they marinate their meat with, but I find myself craving the steak. It's incredible. Their seaweed rice, the salsas, the chocolate covered coconut bark.... Ahhhh!!! Why do you have to be all the way across town?! Rumor has it, they are adding more locations. So in the meanwhile, I'll have to trek it to the west side while eagerly awaiting a Green Valley location. 

Owner: Please come to Green Valley. 
I need more of your steak in my life. Period.
Very similar to chipotle but with a Hawaiian theme and tastes!  Well priced delicious food.  Try the coconut bark!
Came here after buying their groupon. I got the fish tacos, chips and guacamole, and the kalua pig tacos.

The staff was very friendly and gave great service, they even let me try all of their meats since I had never eaten there before. I asked for some more salsa and sour cream to finish off my chips and they were happy to give some.

Like other people have said, it is a Chipotle style place where you pick your meats, your tacos/bowls/burrito, and you pick what toppings you want. There wasn't anything special about the set up, but everything looked nice and appealing.

The tacos I got were pretty good, the pork was better than the fish.  My only complaint was that since I got the hard corn tacos, the bottoms were soggy when I started eating them. This happened for both the kaula pig and fish tacos. This was while I ate inside the store, not driving them back home or something.

The chips and guacamole were just what would be expected from a place like this. The guacamole tasted like it was made recently with big chunks of avocado. The chips seemed to have been fried recently with bits of salt still on them. Both of them paired together was pretty good.

All in all, while nothing was particularly bad, nothing stood out as particularly memorable. I think if someone made me eat the food with a blindfold on and didn't tell me it was Braddah's, I would have thought I was eating Chipotle.  I think I got my money's worth for it being a groupon deal. While I wouldn't drive out of my way to eat here again, I would more inclined to eat here without a groupon as compared to other places that promote a groupon.
My ohana and I usually meet up for some grinds at Island Flavor, but we decided to mix it up and give Braddah's a try. We cashed in on the Groupon and crossed our fingers. 

When we arrived the place was empty, but it was cute and clean. The staff was super friendly and gave us a bowl with the different types of meat to sample. I immediately fell in love with the kalua pig. I decided to make a bowl with brown rice, kalua pork, black beans, guacamole, sour cream, cabbage, and lime. I am admittedly in love with Mexican food and always intrigued by Mexican fusion and this was absolutely delicious. The flavors worked really well together and the portion size was huge. I am a guacamole addict and they gave me such a large helping that I ended up sharing with my husband (and I never share my guacamole). I especially appreciated this because there was an up-charge for the guacamole. We were also lucky enough to try coconut bark and it was spectacular. It was the perfect dessert with the gooey toffee and the chocolate. Yum!

This is a great fast food type option. The portion sizes are worth it and with Groupon and Yelp check in deals you can't go wrong. They even have a drive through! Support your local mom and pop shop and join the ohana.
With the yelp coupon it definitely helps out the price factor for me. 

The extra star is solely for their dessert. I honestly didn't see how the coconut bark could really be that great like how people rave about it but.... it's pretty dang good. I'd go back all the time just for that.
This place is a pretty good concept. It's a lot like Chipotle or Zabas... However, they give it a Hawaiian spin.

The location isn't in the greatest of neighborhoods, but there are. 2 more locations you can visit.

You order the type of rice, beans, meat and salsa you like. They have Tacos, burritos, and bowls. 

The price was very reasonable. Service was fantastic. The only thing I'd complain about, is that the bathroom was kinda dirty.

I would recommend giving it a try, and judge for yourself.
Think of this place like a Hawaiian style Chipotle. It's a little ways off the strip, but worth it if you need a break from all the lights and action. I found  a nice Groupon for this place so I thought we could try it out while we were on our trip. 

We were greeted and offered to sample their meats before we created our meal. All the meat was pretty yummy but for hubs and I the steak really stood out. We got a bowl and a burrito, some chips, and coconut bark. The seaweed rice was yummy and overall I really enjoyed my burrito. They were really generous with the guac which made my food taste even better! 

The coconut bark was really sweet and definitely an extra treat. I probably wouldn't get this everytime but maybe once in a while. 

Thanks Braddah's! Hope to see you next time we're in Vegas.
After eating at this establishment a number of times, I must say that it's very eh. It's a chipotle influenced Hawaiian style restaurant . Every dish I've tried here was kind of bland, save for that strong seaweed flavor in the rice. I don't think I would ever have the desire to eat here again.
Food was good.   Greeted by the staff and offered a sample of their meats.   Decided on two burritos,  one Kalua pork and the other was steak.   Both burritos were very good.

This place would've gotten 5 stars had it had Hawaiian music playing in the background to give more of a local style ambiance.   But people were really nice and food good so we'll be coming back. 

Two burrito,  two fountain drinks and small box of coconut bark with $10 off the bill.   Total $19 bucks
Soooo ono! Its like chipotle had a hawaiian baby, but better! Great food & service :) Every time I've gone in, i have never been disappointed. Very convenient location to go on my lunch break & i love the seaweed rice & coconut bark! Must try this place out.
Came here for lunch to try out before my next appointment. 

As some reviews had mentioned, it was like a hawaiian Chipotle. 

Step 1 - choose one -  burrito, bowl, salad, or tacos - 
Step 2 - choose one - meat (chicken, pig, steak, fish, veggies)
Step 3 - choose any - seaweed rice OR brown rice, black beans, and grilled veggies
Step 4 - choose one- charged pineapple verde, mango & roasted corn, tomato w/ grilled maui onions
Step 5 - choose any - sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno, cabbage, lime, cilantro, bean sprouts, habenero, lava chips

My combination was a burrito with the huli huli chicken, seaweed rice, black beans, mango & roasted corn, sour cream, cheese, lettuce, jalapeno. 

It was $6.95 + tax .. pretty similar to chipotle in pricing but a different taste. 

To be honest, i thought flavor wasnt really there. It was quite plain. The only thing that really STOOD out was the jalepeno. Surprisingly spicy despite a lot of other places with jalepenos werent really spicy lately. Aside from that, not much flavor in the chicken, not the mango and roasted corn salsa. Was expecting maybe bright flavors from the mango and corn but not really o.O 

Heard it may be because they are opening another location in the north side and the owner wasn't there for QC? thats kind of bad if quality is only kept up when managed.... 

May give it another try but with first experience... eh Lol
Good food, good service. The steak was delicious with guacamole. Very reasonable price.
I've been here on many occasions: hungry, drunk, hungover, sober, and just plain very angry-hungry.

First time I've been here, I was like, "Oh Chipotle, but Hawaiian!" Yes, kinda, not really, No. Ok maybe the idea of building your own food is like Chipotle. But enough about Chipotle. Braddah's is better cause it's Hawaiian food!!!

Step by step process is super easy and self explanatory. If you can't read, the employees will help you out. If you don't know what you want to get (meat-wise), they will give you a sample too. 

Food tip: GET THE KALUA PIG!!! You can do it as a burrito, bowl or tacos. BUT if you get the crunchy tacos, expect your tacos to get soggy.

Pretty cheap if you get the Yelp Deal or Groupon. It seems like they always have it. 

Would come back here, again. Maybe come back here very hammered. JK. LOL.
We went to braddahs and I would say it was very good. This place can be compared to a chipotle grill. You choose from burrito, bowl, salad. I tried the bowl with everything in it and got the grilled fish. I will say that the portion of fish was only 2 ounces or so. The meat that my wife chose was the steak and she got plenty of it. The size of the bowl was nice and the options of toppings are more than chipotle with option like fresh cut habanero, bean sprouts, and pineapple blend. 
We ended our meal with a piece of coconut log which is caramel, toffee, chocolate slabs topped with coconut. This stuff is the candy version of crack.. It seriously is amazing and worth the trip alone. 
I give it a three star only because the fish portion was very small. The prices were sort of up there when you add Guac, and generally speaking the base food in which you order besides the Coconut Bark is generic as the Las Vegas area has thousands of Mexican food restaurants.
Always feel so welcome everytime we come in. The staff are great and the food is fantastic. Each bowl comes with more than enough to eat, that I have to get a to go bowl for my girl and I. I recommend everyone to check this place out. Also if you crave something sweet the coconut bark is so worth is!
Like a cafe Rio but Hawaiian style. Solid flavors for the meat. Good choice for 10 bucks meal.
A very dark day for the sauce lover indeed. We came here for dinner with our intentions to grab our typical favorite crispy tacos with all pulehu steak, nori rice, spicy red, mango corn, jalapeños, sour cream, guacamole and doused with the oh so amazing bottled pineapple lime jalapeño sauce. 

We were rudely awakened when we learned that the chef quit so they no longer have any of the incredible bottled sauces!!!! No more raspberry jalapeño, coconut colada pearl, guava & habanero, pineapple lime jalapeño (that was my main reason for being a fan!) I don't think I can return, not until I know they sorted out the sauce situation.

Honesty, I think the pulehu steak is delicious, packed with flavor, and moist, also the tacos have a wonderful crispy texture - but without the sauce, they just taste naked. 

You broke a sauce junkie's heart. :(
As everyone else has mentioned, this is the Hawaiian version of Chipotle. No need to re-invent the wheel and create a different concept for ordering when it's effective. After eating here a couple times, I have to say that I prefer this place to Chipotle. I love the island flavors especially the huli huli chicken and kalua pig. Top it off with seaweed rice and pineapple mango salsa -- on tacos, burritos, or bowls -- and you have a clear winner in fast food.
I absolutely love this place... They offer an amazing fusion of Hawaii and Mexican is so refreshing. I have been here multiple times and Christopher the owner is always so nice. I really love the fresh ingredients they use and I would absolutely recommend the pork! SO GOOD!
Naming this place Braddah's, using kalua pig and "pulehu" steak really doesn't make it Hawaiian. Portions are large and flavors are ok, wraps were hard and cold, meats were dripping with grease. 

Part of the appeal of Hawaiian/local food restaurants like island sushi and island flavor for me is the atmosphere - it feels like home because of the food, music and people. This place was empty, silent, and the girl working the counter seriously didn't give a sh*t. It had a fast food mcdonalds type of vibe and I wasn't feeling that either. I would maybe go back to try the coconut bark, but otherwise - pass. 

With that said, I could easily see this becoming a small national chain. Calling steak pulehu (means grilled) sounds exotic I guess. People seem to like being adventurous without really being adventurous if that makes sense.
Love the freshness of this new Bar and Karaoke place and personally I love the BBQ yeah! Love ths drink too (Baguio) :)
Great place, good food, and happy servers! Perfect place to hang out with friends and family. They have spacious room, serve authentic filipino viands "ulams" and cool people. Their happy hours are from 7pm-10pm with 50% off on all appetizers and $5 on signature drinks. I specifically liked their sisig fries and signature cocktail called "tagaytay". Will surely recommend this new place. :)
Nice new place for Pinoys to hang out in Vegas.
I have to give Bar Kada a lot of credit for originality. They have dishes that you won't find anywhere else such as sisig tacos, and sisig nachos. The only other place I've seen and tasted sisig tacos were off of the White Rabbit food truck in California. Then there are the sisig fries; they are the bomb. Combined with the friendly and accommodating waiters and bar staff, atmosphere, drink specials, and DJs (decent sound system by the way), Bar Kada is easily a place to get hooked to. As long as they continue to build their brand with their uniqueness, they can easily build a cult following. I also heard that this is the go-to place topsilog.

By the way, I am not Filipino. I am Mexican-American.
I give this place 2 stars for ambiance and cleanliness. I went there for lunch and had their point point specials, the lunch special was reasonably priced, but the food was not really anything to rave about, the lechon kawali/ lechon, whatever it was did not taste good at all and the skin was like rubber. The chicharon bulaklak or what the americans call chitterlings, was ok, it wasn't soggy or nasty, definitely much better than fiesta or DT's. The rest of the menu items are just plain bland, lacking in flavor like the cook was afraid to offend the customers. This i can say though, if you are craving Filipino food for lunch and just want something quick, cheap and filling, this is the place to go, it's definitely way better than going to Fiesta Filipina and getting a headache from all the MSG they put on your food. Hey at least i did not feel like throwing up after eating there. It is sad to say, there are not many good Filipino restaurants here in town, expect maybe if you eat at home and cook the food yourself...tsk tsk tsk
Came out for a intimate gathering of friends night out and decided to come to this new spot for drinks and bar food. 

I split chicarron bulaklak and sisig with a few people. The chicarron was decent, but I prefer smaller cuts so you get better crisp to the fatty center ratio. The sisig is fairly decent. I think maybe we should have ordered a bit differently only because it was greasy pork bits overload, specially since I was just at a taco crawl event earlier. 

They had live entertainment, a band and a DJ during their intermissions. There is a stage if you want to dance. My biggest complaint was the volume. We left after a bit because we could not hold any conversation. I tried and ended up a bit hoarse and gave up. There is a happy medium as I've been to bar hangouts where a seat in the back meant you can have both. Most of the people really into it anyways will be dancing, right in front of the band so you don't need it to blare. 

Just a note that they offer happy hour specials daily of 50% off appetizers and $5 drink specials (7-10pm) but do not while there is live entertainment. You may want to call and ask if you're coming there for happy hour on a weekend. 

It's not a bad Filipino bar though. It's typical vibe of the bar-staurants in Philippines.
So I didn't try the food, so this review is for the bar/club atmosphere.
So I have to start of with the fact that I hate the whole restaurant/ club thing. I don't want to eat my meal with music blaring in my ears. And I have to yell to place an order.
The laser lights sparkling up the room made it feel cheesy.
The music was constant and too loud. It was a Saturday and they had a live band and a DJ. I really wasn't into either of them. Some older women took to the dance floor and had a good time which is nice to see. It wasn't very busy .
The drinks weren't horribly expensive but they were weak.
No Happy Hour prices since there was a live band:(
I would not go back!
Bar Kada is part of the blaring loud environment where you can eat and scream at your table mates. A group of seven of us came in during a live band night. We didn't know that they were doing anything special, but know that it will negate the happy hour they would normally run. 

The cocktails are on the sweeter side. I should have expected it, almost everything I ate or drank in the Philippines is sweet. 

The chicharone and sisig was decent. They are greasy and artery clogging, but that is half the enjoyment. The fried pig skin was light and crispy. The frying process helps to break down the tough skin and make it so airy. The sisig is a blend of fatty bits and meaty pieces. The jalapenos were spicy and the squeeze of lime juice made it oh so enjoyable.
Sisig fries are a must try! Even the cocktails are good. I have tried the Baguio and I must say it was every good even the strawberries infused with the drink was bomb. They do close at 3 but no matter it's stil a good place.
This is Restaubar is awesome they always have a cool DJ or a band. I always hangout here with my friends especially when my friends band is playing. They also have good choices of menu.
Only place I know of that serve silogs (your choice of meat, egg, garlic/rice, tomatoes, and vinegar for dipping!).... MASARAP! ***mouth watering just thinking about it***

Tocilog (tocino - pork)
Longsilog (longonisa - sausage)
Bisteksilog (beef)
Bangsilog (fried milkfish)

I've been here 3x in 2 weeks. This is either really sad or pretty smart! lol

Initial visit was with a co-worker around 9:30pm on a Monday. No one was really in there and, yet, it took the host about 5 minutes to notice us (even tho she was 10 feet from us at the bar). After seating us, I immediately ordered the bangsilog (I was starving!) and he ordered tapsilog. We loved it. Large portion of garlic fried rice with crispy garlic chips on top. Milkfish (bangus) satisFRIED (yes, I said satisfried) my craving for fish. As a first timer, the food was enough to keep me wanting more...sadly, the service was lacking because I had to wave the girl down for water...and it wasn't busy.

Second time, I convinced handful of friends to come here for Sunday dinner. Oddly enough, when we arrived at 6; the place was busyyyyyyyy. We waited 15 minutes to be noticed/seated; and it wasn't even by the hostess --- the bartender seated us. Turns out they were slammed with a family party that had 20 extra people in the rsvp. You know us, Filipinos, travel with the village! The bartender was nice enough to bring out a makeshift/party table onto the dancefloor for us. He kept apologizing, as well, for the lack of immediate service....He kept saying that they were understaffed. We said it was "ok" cause, in reality, ish happens...that's a part of restaurant life.
We ordered family style sisig fries, sisig nachos, chicken wings, bangsilog (for me), bisteksilog, eggplant torta, and tapsilog.
Sisig wasn't even close to being as good as Café Moda's sisig..not crunchy. The nachos, obvi, had cheese on it and it was a weird thought but, didn't taste too bad. 
My friend loved his eggplant torta, more so, after dipping it in his banana ketchup.
Chicken wings were whatever. 
Overall, everyone was satisfied with this visit. BUT, we were charged 20% auto gratuity for our large group. 

Third time's a charm and a friend had her husband's 30th bday festivities there. We came on a Friday and got reserved tables on the dancefloor. Ordered whole bunch of apps (pancit, veggie lumpia, shanghai lumpia) that were blah. 
The veggie lumpia was all lumpia wrapper and had no veggies in them. 
Shanghai lumpia was burnt. Pancit is a no brainer and can't go wrong.
Steller stand out was when my roomie ordered chicken skin and fried rice. UGH. That chicken skin dipped in vinegar is drooooooooooooooool **mouth watering**
Friday was $5 Patron and AMF. Needless to say, we were entertained all night with people karaoke-ing, rapping, and dancing. It's as entertaining as a normal Filipino party =)


After these 3 visits:
- Service is lacking; only because they're understaffed. Bartender was great!
- Food isn't a real standout, other than the SILOGS! I mean, really..... =)
- I need to practice my karaoke skills cuz one day I will have more than enough AMF to really get up there and sing in front of complete strangers.
Fun place with decent happy hour food. I would go back for Sisig fries! Music is hit or miss depending if there's a band or DJ. Service wasn't bad. House draft beer is a good price for the taste. Should be coming back again some day.
Really yummy filipino food!! Whenever I come, there is always music playing via customers singing karaoke or doing some type of ballroom dance. Portions are large and they offer a wide range of the filipino cuisine. And if you come during happy hour appetizers are really cheap. Guava juice, tapsilog, kare kare, and sisig. Yum! They also have all the til-tilan or like sauces if you want them haha.
This is my review for FOOD Only. Food is no bueno! I came here during the day time at lunch hour. I was more interested in the YouTube videos and Filipino dramas playing in the background than the food I ordered. I'm sure it's meant to be more like a bar and lounge and loads of fun at nighttime. For food I wouldn't recommend dining here if you're sober.
Went with friends on a Saturday night....
Not a place for young adults... Folks dancing ballroom to Pittbull... Hmmmm
It's a place for moms, titas, titos, and dads.... Drinks and food menu are cheap enough tho.
On the food: 
- the sisig fries took over 20 mins to get to the table from ordering and it was lukewarm and the shoestring fries where cold and had no crunch to it.
- the chicken wings were crunchy outside, hard and dry on the inside, flavorless... Tasted like frozen chick wings.
First! This place is awesome. They just open today in my neighborhood and WOW am I a lucky person to live next to this place. I had the Salmon and Shrimp katsu and my lady had the Chicken Katsu Curry. The fish and chicken was fried but was so tender never had Katsu this tasty. Love it and I be coming back all the time.
Best japanese curry In town. Chicken karaage is fantastic, had to order a second helping. Service was excellent, very friendly staff. Will come back weekly. Love love it.
It's a very cute, cozy and clean Japanese Katsu place. I had tried cucumber salad , potato salad , chicken Katsu, salmon Katsu and pork Katsu sandwich. I love it all but I really like the yuzu flavor cucumber salad, pork Katsu sandwich and salmon Katsu dinner. I'm so glad it's right by my house that I can go eat there all the time!
Very good tonkatsu! I wish you guys the best and will send my friends to your restaurant.
Perfectly cooked tonkatsu.  I got a pork cutlet and curry rice plate and it was really good.  Cutlet was nice and crispy while the meat was still juicy and flavorful.  I like how they give you the chance to grind your own toasted sesame seeds to either mix with a tonkatsu sauce or place directly on top of your food.  
The tonkatsu sauce was pretty strong but good as long as you get some rice in that mouthful.  Also ordered the potato salad and it was excellent.  Unlike many potato salads, it was light and refreshing as opposed to heavy.  She puts cured cucumbers and, I think, some apply pieces in there.  In any case, it was a nice side to go along with the breaded and fried meat.
Curry had a little potato and carrot too.  Would have loved to see a side of corn.  I usually roll like that.  But overall you're gonna get really well cooked katsus, a nice fluffy moist rice, and tasty curry.  I wish I lived closer.
I feel like this is your pretty standard 4-star experience. There was nothing particularly bad about the whole experience of eating here, but nothing that stood out as "outstanding." I have gone to a Tonkatsu specialty place before in LA which was more expensive but also more tasty and a better experience.

I got the standard pork tonkatsu dinner. The portions were generous and the cut of the pork was quite thick. It came with two cutlets which was more than enough meat. On the critical side, their tonkatsu sauce is quite salty and it would be tough to counter that with the options on the table. The cutlets themselves were moist and well cooked, though the breading was a little plain in flavor.

The dinner portion came with rice and miso soup, which were ok but decent.

One thing that felt awkward to me is that the store was eerily quiet despite there being about a dozen people there when we got there. The place is quite small and cozy, but I for some reason felt like I was in a library the whole time.
The food and service was great. I tasted a bit of everything and nothing disappointed.
This spot was delicious ! I tasted almost the entire menu. The service was very warming and I will definitely be back!
It is with great sadness that I have to give them 3 stars, but I have to stick to my guns and rate the restaurants based on food.  

I am passionate about Tonkatsu.  Please...don't confuse this with tonkOtsu as in Monta ramen.  Ton means pig.  KAtsu is something fried with panko.  KOtsu is bone as in pork bone broth you make Ramen out of, so please get it straight.  Katsu NOT Kotsu.  

When I was in Japan this spring I must have had 3 or 4 tonkatsu meals.  Tonkatsu restaurants are ubiquitous there, not quite as many as Ramen ya's or 7 11's, but you won't have any difficulty finding one when you are in the mood for it. Tonkatsu is a very narrow niche, they only serve fried pork loin (rosu katsu), pork filet (hile katsu), and some places may serve fried prawns and such, but that's usually about it.  Most places do fried oysters from Fall to spring.  Tonkatsu restaurants are somewhat different from other genres like sushi or ramen because people don't/can't make nigiri sushi or ramen from scratch at home, but tokatsu is not very difficult to cook at home.  Then how come tonkatsu restaurants are so popular?  Well...it's because they tend to be cheap, and it's a mess to make at home with deep frying and all, but the most important factor is that SOMEHOW....it tastes so much better when the pros do it.  It's just pork, salt/pepper, egg, flour, and panko deep fried, but I just can't make them like they do in Tokatsu restaurants, that's why I go out to Wako, Saboten, Maisen, etc, with their soft/crispy fried panko layer, but when you sink your teeth into it it oozes with all that nice pork fat juice, that's why!  Somehow it doesn't turn out like that at home.

As I have been saying for years that Vegas needs a tonkatsu place, I was ecstatic to hear that Kiyoshi opened.  it's in the SE corner of Jones and Robindale and it is a cozy clean place with great friendly service.  

The menu was a bit busier than I liked but seemed legit and there was rosu katsu as I wanted.  You go to Tonkatsu place, you get rosu katsu.  Tonkatsu restaurants live or die with rosu katsu.  

Each table has a sesame grinder and a pot of tonkatsu sauce.  You grind as much sesame you want and add a tonkatsu sauce to make your sesame flavored sauce.  

Rosu katsu set looked authentic and promising.  What didn't...was the katsu itself.  It looked a little too brown, dry, and the outer panko layer has separated from the meat and fell apart as it was picked up.  It tasted dry and I could not enjoy any of the juicy pork fat as I bit into it.  It's like going to a Ramen place and having a broth that was tasteless with floppy overcooked noodle.  

As I mentioned earlier, it's not hard to cook your own tonkatsu.  In order for me to go and pay money for it, it has to be better, MUCH better than what I can make at home and this wasn't the case.  I'm hoping that perhaps mine was a flop.  But the appeal of eating pork/tonkatsu is in the fat and this particular rosu katsu was not fatty/juicy enough, partially due to overcooking.  I would highly recommend them to keep on working at it until when cut into katsu, a nice juicy pork fat flows out and that meat is ever so slighlty pink.  In japan they use "mukin" pork where there is no concern for parasites so some tonkatsu places serve their katsu pretty pinkish.  Doing so in the U.S. probably won't fly, but it certainly does NOT need to be overcooked as they did.

This place has potential, but they need some work on their katsu, perhaps a lot more than "some".   I will visit again and hope to see something that doesn't shame their existence as a tonkatsu-ya.  Until then....I'll keep cooking tonkatsu at home.
If anyone has been to wako in ktown in California this place is almost identical to that.

I had the hire katsu(pork) and the breading wasn't too thick and very crispy and flakey. I only wish they had better dressing for the salad. The spicy mustard was a nice touch that I had never had with katsu before.

I also had the beef tataki and Japanese potato salad. They were both good but nothing really special. 

I finished off the meal with best red bean ice cream I have ever had. I will definitely be back here sooner than later.
Another local style restaurant near my house! I am loving the ninth island. Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is strictly all about the self described Tonkatsu. One of the many local kine food grew up on. Besides the fact always been fan of any kind of breading that uses panko. It done right nothing better then light crispy golden brown crust on the outside and juicy hot meat on the inside. At Tonkatsu Kiyoshi they do fabulous job comes too the Tonkatsu.

 It was my first time so on this visit only got too try the pork katsu although they have other proteins from shrimp, beef, and chicken. Most of the entree comes with rice, couple pieces of garlic (makes no sense, I never asked so sure has its compliment), and miso soup. The house miso soup was good. I liked the fact that it was on the hearty side with decent amount of diced tofu and seaweed. I heard about the Curry sauce from friend recommendation. So I got the Katsu Curry try the best of both worlds. Japanese Curry reminded me of the curry houses back home in Hawaii. Especially the fact that in curry comes with big diced cuts of potatoes and carrots. Think traditional Japanese style just the curry then you add extra items or other curry places around town that just the norm. I have no problem with just pointing out difference. The curry sauce base its solid. Other places around town the base curry is better but here curry sauce does have its flavor all its own. Its more darker in depth not more on the yellow/orange color use too. The tonkatsu was ON point crispy golden brown and hot moist on the inside. Portion size is LOCAL style. Very reasonable price too. One plate between half filled with rice, nice size portion of katsu, and my case curry sauce. Miso soup that full full lunch. 

It small restaurant easily hold under hundred peeps. I like the bar action up front holds around ten seats. They have tables on both sides up front. The decor is simple couple of japanese art work on the walls. It just open so for sure has that brand new restaurant smell too it. Couple other business around it that not quite open yet so don't let the lack of action around mislead you. It tucked in the back of mini shopping mall so easy pass it. Open for both lunch and dinner. Sure plan on coming back trying more of the menu items.
I love everything about this restaurant! The food, the decor, the service are all great! The tonkatsu I had was soooo juicy, and also the potato salad is awesome! can't wait to go back for lunch tomorrow. lol
Good little restaurant by my house. The inside is decorated pretty cool. There are tables and also a counter which you can also sit at. Everything is reasonably priced. The menu isn't super extensive but it has a little from everything.

The food i ordered was Pork Katsu Curry, Chicken Karaage, and Beef Tataki. The pork katsu was very tender and tasted really good. The curry was decent. Ive had better but it was not bad. The curry also had potatoes and carrots in it. The chicken karaage was not what i expected. Reading the menu i thought it was actual fried chicken. But it was also very tender and the flavor was good. The beef tataki was good but there was only 5 slices of it and it was priced at $5 so that was a little disappointing.

Overall the food was good i would definitely go here again especially since its right by my house.
Great service, friendly environment, nice interesting table set ups, cooks are on time and quick. The food are tasty and as fresh as it gets! My favorite is the donburi!! Definitely a place worth to try if you haven't yet.
This place reminds me of curry house coco ichibanya in hawaii! The tonkatsu breading is nice and crispy and fried to a golden perfection.  The curry has a touch of sweetness that I like over Curry Zen.  I feel like Curry Zen is more of a traditional Japanese curry versus this curry has some veggies (carrots and potatoes).  I also like that they have the sesame that you can grind for the tonkatsu sauce; I love the smell of fresh ground sesame and the nutty taste it adds to the tangy tonkatsu sauce.  The only thing that I think was missing was some pickled plum to go with the curry.  The location is the old Rice Trax, but they have done a great job of sprucing the place up and I love the little piggy silhouettes they have on the wall.  If you are a curry aficionado....you have to give this place a try!
This place is awesome. The server/owner was really nice and cared about service. The boxes on the table with the tonkatsu sauce spices was really cool. I love the hard wood feel of the place. It was pretty cool to grind your own seeds to add to the tonkatsu sauce. It smelled so good while you were doing it. 
The food was also really good. I had the pork katsu sandwich and my girlfriend had the katsu curry. The katsu was perfectly crispy. The curry was good. But nothing special. I liked my sandwich a lot. The bread was super soft like thick cut wonder bread and the mustard they serve on the side packed a punch, and for only $7 it was a steal. I would defiantly come back again.
3.5 stars

If someone opens up a tonkatsu restaurant in Japan, the owner is convinced that their tonkatsu is fucking awesome and the best around.  While there's certainly no market for upscale $30+ tonkatsu meals on the corner of Jones and Robindale, Tonkatsu Kiyoshi does a decent job of breading, frying and serving meat.  They're definitely the best around...since they're the only place around!!

My wife got the hire (pork) katsu dinner which was better than the ebi (shrimp) katsu.  The shrimp was quite large which was a plus.  I went with the ebi just to have a variety but I should have just gotten the other pork option (Rosu).  After all, there's a pig on the freakin sign so that should give you some hints on what to order.  The meal comes with miso soup, rice and a little onion.  

After you grind the sesame seeds, transfer the amount you'd like into the black dish with the sauce, don't put the sauce directly into the grinding bowl.  That's the wrong way to do it and you limit the size of the piece you dip by using the small bowl.  I noticed several people doing this while we were there.    

The quality of their pork is better than Japanese Curry Zen and they give a substantial amount more.  I plan on trying the katsu curry next time for sure and I'll be ready to bump it up a star or two if the curry is great.
Discovered dessert. Yuzu pannacotta. Soooo good. A great end to a 
Wonderful meal. Love love it.
Only a week since this place opened. The restaurant is decorated tastefully and is spotless. Located in a strip center -  self parking was a breeze to locate.

It was lunch and I went with the pork Tonkatsu. The entree came with miso soup, salad and steam rice. The portion was generous and my friendly waitress crushed sesame seeds and mixed it with a sauce which was yummy for the pork Tonkatsu. The Tonkatsu was crispy on the outside and moist and hot inside. 

I'm so looking forward to returning and trying their curry.
So I went there yesterday and was so blown away with the food, I had to come back again this evening with my family. The set up is small, but spacious. There are six tables and a bar-type area for seating. You're welcomed immediately with a nice "Irrashaimase!" and it sounds like they've practiced because the pronounciation sounded almost native Japanese. The tables are a good size and the seats are comfy. In the middle of the table is a nice set up where you can mix up your own tonkatsu sauce and roasted sesame seeds. Pretty damn brilliant.

For starters we got the karaage chicken and beef tataki. Excellent dishes. The presentation and portioning are just right, and so is the price. For the main course, I had the Hire & Ebi combo and let me tell you, the breading and texture were just like back home in Japan. The presentation was just like you'd walked into a tonkatsu place in Shinjuku or Yokohama. These guys pulled it off legit. To finish things off, you must, MUST try their yuzu pannacotta. Get there early and order it quick, because they'll sell out. 

Overall, it was a 5 star yelp experience. It's rare that I go to a place twice in a week, let alone 2 days in a row. Yes, it was that good! Go! Go now! Bring your friends!
This place is amazing the pork was breaded and fried to perfection the shrimp are HUGE and the panacotta dessert is outstanding I strongly recommend that you try this place the staff are great the foods great the restaurant is clean I can't get over how great the service was I will definitely come back
A small Japanese place that is owned by Hawaiians. This was where Rice Trax was before.

Ordered their chicken tonkatsu, potato salad, shizo pepper and pork tonkatsu.

All of the items were delicious. The deep fried katsus were not greasy. It came with a shredded cabbage salad, pearl onion pickle, rice and miso soup. For the price, it wasn't bad. Make sure to request for their yuzu dressing for their cabbage side dish.

Service was also great. Very attentive and fast. We will be back!
Ok, I am not an expert on this type of Japanese food by any means...so I am only comparing it to what I know (JCZ and others) FWIW.

Katsu Curry ($12): Pork Tenderloin Katsu with Curry Rice. Pork was PERFECT! Juicy, tender insides with a crunchy yet soft breading on the outside!  I really don't know how else it could be BETTER...seriously, it was as good as it gets for simple Katsu!

The Curry itself had much more FLAVOR than the "other" Japanese curry house as well.  The other tasted like a boring gravy that I had to sprinkle tons of seasoning into  for something to really stand out.  This one is good on its own, but even better with a little bit of love!  

Also tried the Melon Cream Soda Float ($3.25). Nice change of pace! The soda itself is super sweet esp combining with the ice cream, but it is pretty tasty overall.  Give it a shot if you need to calm a sweet tooth!

I thought prices were fair and the portions were pretty large.  If this place was in Chinatown, it would be packed!

See you next time!

Pics :
Best Tonkatsuya in Vegas! Must try the Katsu sandwich!! The place is clean and conform,good service!
I have been there 4times since the opening and everything I add was a amazing must try this place
I ordered the katsu sando and katsu curry from here. I really like the breading and quality of the katsu and the pricing is good for the potions they give you. I love hole in the wall places like this.
For starters, we ordered the Beef Tataki and potato salad. The potato salad was asian style with apples and was ok. I enjoyed the Beef Tataki though! Great appetizer! 

I ordered the Chicken Katsu. If Tonkatsu had a really good dressing for their cabbage salad that comes with the katsu... it would be perfect! The ginger dressing doesn't really go well with it. The katsu itself was really GOOD! It reminded me of Wako, a really popular Katsu place in Los Angeles

Service was also awesome! The waiter recommended this tasty melon soda float for dessert. Never had anything like it. Kinda like a root beer float but instead of root beer, its melon soda!
The tonkatsu here is so fresh and crispy!  It reminds me of the famous tonkatsu restaurant in Waikiki, Tonkatsu Ginza Bairin.  This restaurant just opened up 3 weeks ago and I have already been here 3 times... I think I like this place.

The owner Mark and his family run the restaurant.  He is from Japan originally but lived in HI before moving here to Vegas.  He is super nice and remembers me every time I come in.  I have had a chance to try a lot of their menu over the past 3 visits.

Appetizers:  The 2 most popular ones are the chicken karaage and the beef tataki.  The chicken is really good served with the lemon.  Beef comes with a ponzu sauce and tons of onions!  Yum.

Entrees:  The Hire katsu is a classic pork katsu that is juicy and not dried out like a lot of the pork katsu's I've had before.  Simple and delicious.  The Katsu curry is nice because it is the same pork as the Hire katsu but served with Japanese curry and veggies on the side.  It gives you the option to use the curry sauce or the tonkatsu sauce to dip your meat in.  The Katsu-don is a bowl of pork katsu and rice served with an egg cooked on top of it with onions and a soupy sauce.  I preferred the other two dishes more because the cripsy crust is slightly soggier with the egg and onions on top.  The salmon and shrimp katsu is a nice option if you want to mix things up.  I have never had salmon katsu before!  

Dessert:  I have only tried the melon floats but they are delicious!  Green melon soda with ice cream!

The funnest part about this place is that you get to make your own tonkatsu sauce... sorta.  You use the little mortar and pestle to grind your sesame seeds and then you mix the seeds with the tonkatsu sauce.  Their sauce is soooo good!   I think it is the best tonkatsu sauce I have had.

See you guys next week :)
HATE  Did not get offered water or drinks until I asked over 5min later.

DISLIKE  Also didn't get a menu as soon as I was sat. The miso soup was a little too salty.

LIKE  The delicious hire and ebi katsu. The amount of food they provide. The Japanese cream puff with red bean. The manager (and/or owner) who served and talked to us.

LOVE  The concept of making your own katsu dipping sauce. Table and food presentation. What they did with the old Rice Trax space - totally transformed it!
I overheard Mark / Mr. Kiyoshi telling someone about his new restaurant while I was getting some things printed at Office Max.  He explained it as a Japanese / Hawaiian spot, so I was immediately interested!  Wasn't quite sure when they were opening as I was just eavesdropping on a conversation, but as soon as it popped up on my yelp "nearby," I had to go and check it out!  My daughter and I went this past Sunday night. 

The decor is awesome with Japanese accents.  I really thought he did a great job. The owner explained that his mom helped with some of the cranes and such. It's clear they put a lot of thought into the decor. I love it!  

We ordered the Katsu curry and asked for chicken instead of pork, as I grew up on chicken Katsu!  My daughter also wanted the edamame and I ordered shishito peppers to start. The peppers were a little crispier than I am used to, but they were delicious.  I would just like to see them cooked down just a little more next time. Delicious, none the less.  My daughter said the edamame was great. 

As we waited for the entree he taught us how to make our own Katsu dipping sauce with sesame seeds. How cool! 

The Katsu arrived quickly after we finished making our sauce. The curry was perfect, exactly what we would expect at any Japanese / Hawaiian restaurant. The crispy Katsu breading was great! Crispy and tasty. The chicken was juicy and not over cooked.  We really loved it! 

The dipping sauce is the best Katsu sauce I've ever had, which is crazy because I have been eating chicken Katsu all of my life!!! 

We left full and very happy. We almost went there for dinner on Monday night (the very next evening) but my daughter decided to go tonight instead (Tuesday) with her friend. 

Love this place! Will definitely be back and I'm sure we will be regulars. Yummy!!
Tonkatsu is a Japanese comfort food commonly prepared at home.  In its simplest preparation, a piece of pork loin is tenderized and the flattened pork is breaded and deep fried until cooked.  It is traditionally served with a tonkatsu sauce, but it is jut as common served with Japanese curry and rice.  However you eat it, a good tonkatsu meal will fill your belly and bring a smile to your face.

At Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, the same Japanese tonkatsu is wonderfully prepared and served here.  And like many of the specialty tonkatsu restaurants in Japan and much of Asia, they offer a variety of different preparations (although the selections overseas is significantly greater than what is available here).

The tonkatsu I have tried thus far have all been fried perfectly, where the pork is still cooked but nice, tender and juicy inside.  It is so flavorful that you don't even really need the tonkatsu sauce (you can customize it by grinding toasted sesame seeds and mix it in with their pre-made tonkatsu sauce).  The portions are good for the price.

On my first visit, i tried their Tonkatsu Donburi. Which is just tonkatsu served over rice in the style of a traditional Oyako Donburi (Mother Daughter Rice Bowl or something like that, because they kinkily served the chicken with the egg. Get it ;P).  It was very good!

One of the things I wish is available is the choice of breading for the tonkatsu.  In Japan and in Taiwan, where I ave visited everything from high end premium tonkatsu restaurants to very good fast food tonkatsu chains, they all have more options than what is available as is on the menu.  It is not a huge thing, but sometimes a little more choices make the customer just that much happier.

The miso soup was excellent too, even though that is never the reason for me to ever go to any restaurant.

For what is available in the area, Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is unquestionably the best. (Voicing the same sentiment as Philip T in case it is less obvious in this paraphrasing).

3.75 rounded up to the nearest whole integer equals 4.
We ordered half the menu here and honestly can not say anything really bad. Tonkatsu was prepared jusr right, light and crispy batter. The japanese curry was the best I had in the city. Beef tataki was tasty and tofu, we couldnt get enough. The potato salad had the right amount of dashi and sweetness,  chicken karaagi was slightly salty for my taste. The best part about this place aside from the amazing food, they served everything like how you would get it in Tokyo and you prepare your own katsu sauce. Definetely going on the fav list!
I love it, simple menu, very great food, very great service, worth every penny you spend!!
The Best Tonkatsu we've had since we left Japan 20 year ago !! Good portions for very reasonable price ! My son and wife had the Ebi-fry dinner and I had the Ross Katsu dinner, not greasy at all, the tonkatsu sauce was traditional style using goma, very friendly and fast service, the owner came to our table several times and we had long conversations.
Krazy for Katsu
There are some days where comfort food makes everything better.  I was not in the mood for meatloaf or some heavy fried chicken, even though I was dying for fried food.  On the way home, we stumbled on a small eatery called Tonkatsu Kiyoshi on Jones and Robindale.  Tonkatsu sounded wonderful for dinner.  Crispy, marinated, fried pork was just the thing to make my frown turn upside-down.

Upon entering the small eatery, there are about 3 tables that seat up to six people, and a nice, large counter seating 5.  We sat at the counter and was greeted by a very nice gentleman who explained the menu layout.  The menu is very simple--it's katsu, either chicken, salmon, thick cut pork, or pork tenderloin, ebi furai, curry combos, and apps.  The appetizers are the typical karaage, cucumber and krab meat salad, seared beef with onions and ponzu, and edamame.  We ordered karaage, krab meat salad, and seared beef.

Before the food arrived, the server explained their sauce tray seated in front of us.  There is a container of sesame seeds, one of katsu sauce, hot pepper, salt, pepper, and soy sauce.


We were told to put sesame in the grinding bowl that doubles as our dipping sauce bowl, and to grind the sesame seeds to a powder.

It was quite fun grinding up the sesame seeds and taking in the scent of the nutty oils releasing in the bowl.  We mixed in the katsu sauce and some hot pepper with our chopsticks, then awaited the main course.

The apps came out quickly.  First up was the cucumber salad with krab meat.  It's sweet and tangy from the vinegar, balancing the sweetness of the shredded krab stick.  The cucumber was a nice, crunchy, and fresh element to the app.  It also acts as a great palate cleanser.

For $5 you get a ton of salad.  I almost ate the whole bowl without sharing with my husband.

The next app that arrived was the seared beef with onions and ponzu.  We were told that some people like to roll the onions into the meat then dip, which I tried.

I added in the radish (on the right) and some chives into the sauce, rolled the raw white onions in the meat, then dipped.  It was delicious and very cold, which was refreshing.  The meat was good quality and seared beautifully.

If there is anything in the world I love, it is fried chicken or karaage, and this eatery makes the lightest, crispiest, and most flavorful karaage I have tried in Vegas.  They marinate the meat in mirin, soy, and other ingredients for a day or two, then they lightly batter it with seasoned rice flour and serve with a vinaigrette salad and lemon.  I squeezed lemon over the chicken, gently dropped soy on each piece, and took a bite.  The crispy, light exterior was just heaven.  The salad on the side balanced the hot fried chicken pieces, providing tasty, cool relief from the hot and crispy chicken.  


With a burst of cherry tomato in my mouth mixed in with the salad, this could be a great lunch dish on its own.  Just lovely.

After all those appetizers came the combination plate that I ordered -- fried shrimp with tenderloin katsu.  It's served with Rokkyo (Japanese pickled onions), miso soup, hot rice, and ponzu for the cabbage.

The katsu is served on this awesome metal rack to keep all sides crispy.

The katsu was juicy and crispy, with that lovely coating that wasn't too thick.  The shrimp (ebi furai) was delicious.  I love ebi furai and they make it very well here.  With the cabbage covered in ponzu sauce, some Rokkyo to cut through the richness of the katsu, and some hot rice to compliment everything else, I didn't look up once through the entire meal.  It was just so much fun to dip in the katsu sesame sauce and then reach for rice, then drink some miso to balance everything.  In the end, I raped my plate of all its parts and tapped my tummy in approval.

But what--we cannot end a meal on entree alone.  A light, sweet dessert is required here, and what better to eat than a cream puff.  A cream puff that is made fresh, powdered with sugar, and filled generously with a whipped cream made in-house was the perfect way to end this "ichiban" meal.  The cream was silky and had just the right sweetness, with a puff that wasn't crispy as it was chewy and light.  Perfect ending to my day, indeed.

After paying the good man $56 for 2 drinks. 2 entress, 3 apps, and 2 desserts, my husband and I shuffled our cartoon-like full bellies into the car and headed home to hibernate.  I love places that have simple menus, provide good food and service, are very clean, and are priced well.  Tonkatsu Kiyoshi hits all those marks, which only means that they are on my go-to list when I am in dire need of a katsu, karaage, or ebi furai mix.  Thank you, Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, for making my day brighter and my belly full.
mmmm mmmm
The breading/crust on the katsu here is a winner for sure~!!!
Light, crispy, not oily & DELISH.

The restaurant is made up of like 6 tables and a countertop for solo diners. 
You get seated, grind yourself some sesame seeds using the mortar and pestle provided and create your own katsu sauce.. Cool idea but the germaphobe in me got a little creeped out by all the possible sharing of germs that happens during this process since you spoon out the seeds/sauce rather than shake/squeeze out.. Also, do you put the pestle back in its place after using or give it to the server to wash?!?!? 
LOL ok enough with the mortar and pestle ;ppp

-Chicken Katsu ($9) Comes with miso soup, pickled pearl onions, rice, salad & 2 chicken katsu breasts. The chicken katsu was juicy and tender and like I mentioned before the breading was on point. The shredded cabbage salad comes with ponzu dressing which was ok but fills you up without eating the rice. 
-Chicken Katsu with Curry ($12) Comes with miso soup, pickled ginger, rice, 1 chicken katsu breast and curry. The curry has some potatoes and carrots but tastes like something out of a box. I say skip the Katsu Curry plate and just get the Katsu plate because you get more katsu, you get salad & it's cheaper!!! 

Service was friendly. Food took about 10 minutes to come out. I wish they had some zaru soba or udon on their menu & oops I forgot to ask if they have brown rice!
Lost in translation?

What it should be:  A working businessman's meal.  100g-150g of high quality, heritage pork, coated in fresh bread crumbs and fried golden brown.  The small portion is accompanied by AYCE rice and cabbage.  Do it yourself sesame based sauces for the tonkatsu and to dress the cabbage.

What they offer:  A simple menu.  Choice of either the softer, less fatty tenderloin of the slightly more firm loin from an everyday pig.  Served traditionally or as a donburi or with curry.  Rice, miso soup, and cabbage completes the meal (not AYCE).  Make your own sauce, grinding your sesame seeds and mixing in the house sauce which has a good dark soy background and hints of plum perfume.  

What I got:  Tried both the tenderloin and loin.  An oily, excessively thick eggy crust of not freshly made breadcrumbs (taste like store bought panko) surrounding an over cooked piece of pork.  Hawaii yeeps, think L&L quality.

Ultimately it's better than your average plate lunch place and not a bad deal for the novelty and price.  Tonkatsu snobs, look elsewhere.
I'm not a big tonkatsu fan/snob in general, but this place has definitely made me a believer. Something about how they cook things, prepare things, treat their customers... it all just works together! The breading they use is fresh, which makes any leftovers still amazing the next day (none of that hardened meat or crust here), and trust me, I hate leftovers, but here, they work! The owners are a super sweet family that remembered us from our first visit (including remembering that we over order and need to-go boxes) and are extremely attentive. I honestly love everything about this place, from the presentation of their dishes, to the little touches they add to make your visit comfortable and welcoming. Their menu isn't extensive, but what they do have, they do it well and with love. I prefer the chicken katsu, but I was eyeing the shrimp on my last visit, so I'll have to do their combo chicken/shrimp next. My fiance prefers the pork katsu and also raved about the quality of their curry. The couple next to us was talking about how the water here is really good.. and I actually have to agree! I really also enjoy their hot tea, which the owner told us was his favorite tea from the first Japanese restaurant he worked at. I already can't wait to go back again!

Side note: I've been really bad at writing reviews and posting pics lately, but this place has inspired me to write again. Great products and service deserve to be talked about, and sometimes that's overshadowed by internal/external ranting and raving about crappy places.
Its a really good experience, great and good quality food, a really nice service, the owners are so nice and Maria she explain us how they make the food, how they like to do their own cuts of meat to have a better results and that only use fresh food. Its like home made.
Just opened up about 8 weeks now. The curry katsu is pretty legit. Have to say that my wife and I like this place a lot. The portions are good sized. Not huge but not small either. Id say just right. The way they make the katsu here it's nice thick and moist. Not dry like other places. Also a big bonus. The bathrooms are very clean.  The melon soda is also awesome as a small after meal dessert.
Heard about this place from my boyfriend and all his (foodie) roommates as they live really close to this new place. Funny thing is they, initially, came here for Rice Trax - the local Hawaiian spot that was previously there.
They raved about the chicken karaage and his instagram video of his DIY tonkatsu sauce intrigued me. 

Luckily, my brother and his family took me here for a belated birthday lunch. 
Decorated with those "good luck" bamboo plants/trees, various Asian prints and curtains. What a difference interior design makes in a place...It's hard to believe that Rice Trax was here.
 
Of course, the 1st thing I did when I sat was make my very own tonkatsu sauce. Kinda fun as I've never used a mortar before. My nephew (who doesn't like sauces of any sort) even had me make some for him.

We ordered the katsu curry, chicken karaage, beef tatake, edamame, and salmon katsu. 
- Beef tataki was the winner for me. Seared beef and ponzu sauce are always a win.
- Chicken karaage had a nice breading on it, which also made for crispy "fried chicken." But, the chicken wasn't burnt. Thin pieces of chicken which made for fairly juicy chicken.
- Katsu curry was nice. Wish the curry was a little more spicy but nothing a few chili peppers (on the side) can't solve.
- Salmon curry was breaded as nicely as the chicken karaage and katsu. Salmon was pretty thick and didn't fall apart when bitten. The best part of that salmon katsu was the salad that came with it. Standard Asian cabbage/slaw but, the yuzo/ponzu dressing was amazing! The owners came by to give us more dressing =)
- Pickled onions, cucumbers on the side were delish. You can tell the freshness and that it was homemade. The owners were telling us that they get many requests for kim chee so, that may be a possibility.

Overall great experience an the food was very good. Nice to have a tonkatsu spot in the area as tonkatsu this good is few and far between.
Service was great. You can tell it's a family run business and the owners take pride in the food they serve!
OMG this place is so amazing, the food is so delicious, and the price for the portion and the quality is totally worth it. The staff are very friendly. I m so happy we finally have a great tonkatsu place like this in Vegas
One word sums it all, YUM!!! I'm definitely coming back. I chose the Rosu katsu, which was very tender and cooked just right. Not oily at all. I love the cabbage salad that comes with the entree, very refreshing. My son loved their Tori Katsu. So this place is definitely approved by him. 
Service was wonderful and the staff was very friendly. Last but not least, the melon float was fabulous!
Sorry no photos this time. I forgot and devoured all my food ;)
Simply amazing. True Hawaiian Japanese. The hire tonkatsu is so tender and prepared just perfectly. Must try it!
Noticed the new joint but just had the chance to check it out today. I did a pick up. Normally, I would love to dine in esp when it's my first time. I ordered the Pork and Ebi katsu combo! All I can say is I wasn't really a big fan of katsus but man once you bite down everything is perfect. Good crunch and tenderness in the meat. :) They also have good curry! I love japanese curry and I reccomend theirs! I just wonder if they have the other pickled stuff besides ginger. I'm definitely coming back!
Ey yo guys, real talk, this place is GAF! They know how to make their katsu hands down. I went with my mom to try this place out because my mom is always down to eat Korean or Japanese food with me, so why not right? I heard about this place from some other yelpers and I was not disappointed! 

One thing I saw pictures of was grinding your own sesame seeds and putting in your sauce or something, so I was curious. What you do is grab a bowl, put in some sesame seeds, and you grind it yourself! You can grind it to the consistency of your desire and I thought this was a fun little activity to do while we waited for our food. 

I ordered some karaage with my mom, and surprisingly, it was not greasy or too oily, it was actually really good. The outside was really crispy and the inside was soft. This is a highly recommended appetizer! When our actual entrees came out, it comes with the meat you ordered, rice, soup, and a salad. I ordered the pork and I don't remember the name of it because there were two pork katsu items with different names... But they are the same thing, that's what the server told me. I was confused and so I ended up getting whatever that was. My mom got the chicken and my mom got double the meat I did it seemed, for a dollar less. Nothing to complain about there, just get the chicken next time! Like saw their combos, but from the pictures, I didn't think the extra piece of shrimp was worth the 5 bucks, so I passed. 

The food was amazing my gosh! The breading was so crispy and the meet was tender and juicy. This is definitely the place to get your katsu fix! You might miss the turn though because it's not in a big plaza, but if your food is good, people will find it, and you will find those people. 

Give this place a visit!
Their tenderloin was so tender and juicy inside, yet crispy and light on the outside. Not to mention with the freshly grind sesame sauce! YUM on all levels! Plus the price is very good for such a big portion. Definitely will come back with friends again~
Absolutely scrumptious tonkatsu and a very unique grind your own sesame seeds fresh to make a fabulous dipping sauce experience. 

Basically, the food is delicious. If you try this restaurant out, you'll have a very enjoyable experience.
I loved this place.  I ordered the katsu donburi and they made it so good.  The service was also excellent.  They are super friendly and so nice.  I went the second time with boyfriend and we ordered a take out of a large pan of chicken katsu.  They were awesome in catering to what we wanted.
I have been waiting for a restaurant that is worth writing a review!!!& this is it. I have been so many places through yelp, but this is one and only place that is trult not disappointing and worth going to!
Fried food, while delicious, is not my go-to choice. So when we were heading here I was questioning the decision. Really? We're going to yet another low quality place that deep fries the cheapest meat they could find and serves it with rice for $10?

Wrong. I did not know this place was legit. Prices are a couple dollars up, but what you get is much, much better than your run-of-the-mill fried meat spot.

First of all, there is a little container of sesame seeds that you can crush up and mix with katsu sauce to make a very savory and rich dipping sauce for your katsu. It is delicious. Get it ready, because you're going to have some of the best katsu you've ever had.

Our dish of pork was served with a high pile of shredded cabbage (?), some rice, and a dressing for the cabbage. The pork itself was breaded and cooked absolutely perfectly. Seriously. The pork was extremely tender and juicy. The crunch on the outside was perfect because it wasn't too hard, or too greasy. Just right. I couldn't believe I was actually enjoying it.

I couldn't give a bigger endorsement than that. Give them a try.
best tonkatsu in town
cute place and great service
I will go back again for sure
I ordered the curry Katsu and man it was delicious. My girlfriend ordered the shrimp Katsu and she actually finished a meal. She usually takes it home but she said it was so good she couldn't put it down.
My boyfriend and I went for dinner last night and the food was great!  I had the curry katsu and my boyfriend had the salmon and shrimp katsu.  The tonkatsu itself was perfectly cooked, not dry and not oily.  The curry was also really good, it didn't taste like a reheated mix version.  I also got the Japanese potato salad which was really delicious!  We will definitely go back again!
THE ART OF TONKATSU

A few of the reviews have references of old country tonkatsu mastery and hometown expectations. I'm uneducated when it comes to the history and deconstruction of a tonkatsu.  I only followed what the table of overseas Japanese did for their tonkatsu. They grounded the sesame seeds and added the house made slightly sweet tonkatsu sauce. Who knows if I had mixed the grounded sesame and sauce in the proper bowl. 

Yes, the ambiance is minimus Japanese with no hint of 808 origin except when Mike spoke to us and asked what we thought of his tonkatsu and provided a little bit of the history of the restaurant.  He had mentioned that we were sitting in the original Rice Trax that's now further up the street and how it took a little more than a year of searching to decide on this location. So Hawaiian follows Hawaiian.  But that's where the similarity stops.

I've tried many of LAS Japanese, Korean, Hawaiian and Chinese so called tonkatsu hotspots and as for comparison Tonkatsu Kiyoshi simply runs away with top honors.

From the scent of the freshly grounded sesame seeds, slightly sweet flavor of tonkatsu sauce, presentation of our meal on a tray, skill of preparation, consistency of light greaseless crust encasing the very eveningly cooked moist pork and huge tiger prawns, finely shaved cabbage salad with dressing, pickled scallion, dab of yellow mustard, slice of lemon and fresh bowl of steamy rice, I was most impressed from the very first bite and all the way to the satisfying last bite. I took no prisoners in the process.

I have only high praises for this restaurant that feeds me great tasting tonkatsu in my own backyard.
This place is delicious! You can mix their tonkatsu with as many sesame seeds as you want. I ordered the Katsu donburi. They brought out a huge bowl of rice, egg and pork tonkatsu. It even comes with miso soup! The miso soup even has a rich taste. The bowl is very filling as well. They even check up on us on how the food was. I'm definitely coming back here!
This is one of my favorite places we've discovered since moving to Las Vegas. The Katsu Curry is the perfect meal for a chilly day. And Las Vegas has been really chilly lately! It's a generous portion of beautifully fried (Yes, Japanese food can be beautiful even if it's fried. Educate yourself and rent these movies - Jiro Dreams of Sushi, The Ramen Girl, and Tampopo) pork tenderloin with a delicious curry sauce with chunks of potato and carrot over white rice. You also get a bowl of miso soup. It's the perfect hearty meal that will warm you up and leave your tummy so satisfied. If my tummy could talk it would tell me how happy it is. Having traveled to Japan twice and eating my way through the country, I'll vouch that the Katsu Curry is just like in Japan. It's one of those menu items that is so good that you order it every time. One of these days I'll have to force myself to try something else on the menu to mix it up. The service is very nice and the restaurant is very clean and neat. The times we've been there, we noticed Japanese patrons - always a good sign at a Japanese restaurant! They have highchairs for the kiddies. They have Calpico on their beverage menu which is fun. It's a popular Japanese soft drink. Want to finish off your meal with something sweet? Get a scoop of red bean or green tea ice cream for dessert. I LOVE this place and it is a perfect 5 stars for me.
For those of you from NYC, I think the Katsu Curry here is way better than at Curry-Ya on East 10th Street.
Hey now! KATSU CURE! I have been around the world this place is worth the visit ask the staff how to make your sesame seed sauce if it's your first time KATSUING! This is NOT a sushi bar. My Thai wife and  2 yr old had the Katsu specials pork, chicken and shrimp. YUM!  Heads-up they do have a counter for single seating and I think a total of 6 or 7 tables. We will be back for sure.  **No beer yet coming soon aka Clark County Government Delay!!
I think I've already been here a dozen times in the last month, I'm addicted.  The extremely crispy, light and fresh tonkatsu is the best I've had. Its just so good!  You won't regret it! The atmosphere is great, people are friendly and the food is delicious!!!
This place is super cute! Very authentic feel. I had the tonkatsu donburi, soooo good! The meat was fried perfectly so there was a nice crunch but still very juicy inside. The egg and rice was also very tasty. I like how it came with a couple shisito peppers too. The option to make your own sauce is interesting and appreciated. Will defiantly be back when I'm craving some good katsu!
I am so happy I stumbled upon Tonkatsu Kiyoshi today!  I live in Los Angeles, and with all the Japanese who live there,  we have no restaurants that serve just tonkatsu.  This is hands down the best tonkatsu I have eaten in my life!

The pork, chicken, and shrimp are perfectly cooked. The breading is perfectly fried and crispy, not greasy at all.  Every table has a condiment tray with two mini mortars and pestles in which you grind white sesame seeds and add tonkatsu sauce.  What a perfect touch!  They even give you rakkyo (pickled scallions) with your dish.  Very authentic.  The miso soup was delicious, too.  The finely shaved mountain of cabbage with a light and delicate yuzu (Japanese citrus) dressing is a perfect accompaniment to the meat.

If you have room, try one of the homemade desserts, beautifully prepared by Kiyoshi's wife.  Today, I had the raspberry yuzu panecotta, and it was the bomb!

In addition to delicious food, the restaurant is decorated with homey Japanese touches that make it a very comfortable place to enjoy one of the tastiest comfort foods of Japan--warm woods, good luck cats, and homey framed artwork.

This is the perfect example of a restaurant that has chosen one dish to excel in.  Small menu with every choice a winner.  The piece de la resistance?  A friendly proprietor and excellent service!  Now if only Kiyoshi would open an L.A. outpost!
Their Katsu are thick cut and just about right coated! Their white rice is cooked to the perfection and their miso soup is just as delicious! Best part when you are dining is grinding your own  sesame seeds to the mix of the katsu sauce!
Verdict: Best Katsu in Vegas. Hands down. 

Not only are the cuts of meat made up of actual meat (as opposed to the other places that over-bread), but it's cooked to a masterful crispy-brown perfection each and every time.

I also enjoyed having the ability of creating my own sauce, which to my surprise, wasn't such a hard thing to "get right". 

The miso soup was a warm and very welcome addition to the meal, and the cabbage salad was cool and refreshing with every mouthful of food I inhaled. 

I will definitely be coming back when my next Katsu craving comes around!
By far BEST KATSU in Vegas! These guys pretty much do one thing and that one thing is amazing!
Clean rest, quick service, good prices and the curry is so good. The Tonkatsu was crunchy but not greasy at all.
The food is very good. I ordered pork curry, it is very crispy, and it's better than any pork curry that I have had in LA. I am so surprised. 
I hope they can one in LA. It gonna be very popular. 

And the price is very reasonable.
Katsu curry is BOmB! The proteins are fried to perfection not super greasy like other places. Curry is delicious just as good as the Curry House in Hawaii.  Definitely my go to place for katsu from now on.
My sister and I were debating between restaurants and finally settled on Tonkatsu Kiyoshi. We took a little long in deciding and ended up arriving at 9:55- they close at 10. I really didn't want to be THAT jerk, but I was so set on katsu at this point that I poked my head in and asked if they were still open and they graciously gave us a table. The owners here are from Hawaii and the service definitely reflects that- genuine, helpful, and you can tell they take pride in what they're putting out.

The potato salad we started with was more vinegary than I'm used to for Japanese style, but delicious nonetheless. It was smooth with cubes of crisp apple and cucumber throughout, and distinctly eggy from the shredded egg lacing through it.

The katsu was a work of art, truly. Perfectly cooked cal rose rice with crispy golden sliced katsu over the top. My sister had the chicken and ebi combo while I opted for the katsu curry. Miso soup comes with all meals here, and it was definitely a robust version. 
The chicken and shrimp came with cabbage salad with Yuzu to dress it on the side, as well as some pickled shallots. The cabbage salad was a perfect fresh compliment to the crunchy fried katsu goodness. Everything was cooked perfectly and the shrimp were gigantic and absolutely incredible! The menu stated that they use black tiger prawns and they weren't kidding.
The katsu curry was very flavorful and the curry itself was thick and could stand up on its own. This dish came simply with pickled ginger and was enormous! All portions here are enough to make two meals out of, unless the katsu is so overwhemingly addicting that you just eat until you pseudo-hate yourself.

Being that it was my first time here, I was a noob to the whole sauce bit. I've never ground my own sesame for katsu sauce, it's just always arrived with my meal! The waitress saw me and came over to explain how it worked and got it started for me. She also had to open my bottle of Ramune for me =( A+ for service, but next time I come in I'll be pro!
We were in a rush and had a craving for Katsu.  WOW!  Best Katsu in town.  We have been here for 25 years and this is it.  We always had a complaint about something about the Katsu when we have eaten out at different locations. This is the first time we walked out saying that was really good.  Nice size portions for the price.      I have to admit that it was better then my mother in law's, who has been cooking Katsu since her days in Japan and Hawaii.  Loved the potato salad and shishito peppers.   Great service, very friendly staff, and food arrived quickly.  Highly recommend this place!
The tonkatsu is delicious here. It's perfectly crisp, comes in supersized (or should I say perfect) portions, and the sauce is amazing. You can make your own combination of katsu sauce with sesame seeds as both are available on tubs topping the tables. Be sure to crush your sesame seeds for maximal flavor explosion. The curry tonkatsu option also really hits the spot if you're in the mood for that. Among the appetizers I've tried, the Beef Tataki and Edamame were pretty good. But a darkhorse: the Japanese potato salad, is the real winner in my eyes. The owner and servers are always really nice and attentive. Definitely a great place to check out off the strip.

P.S. No alcohol license yet. When it comes, watch out. Beer mania.
If you want katsu this.is the place to eat..you can taste the difference from l&l katsu..plus you get to make your own sauce where you mix katsu sauce with sesame seeds..I will also say that the shrimp katsu is bomb the shrimp are tiger prawns so they are nice and big but they cook it just right..all I can hope for is that this place stays consistent
Wow!  I never expected to have a very-close-to-the-real-thing-in-Japan tonkatsu in LV!  I made a special trip from the north and am so glad I did :). Definitely going to be on my top list of restaurants in LV.
this place is great. After coming here a couple of times, I decided this is the local mom and pop restaurant that i'm fully supporting. The katsu is very good. The katsudon and the japanese katsu curry is even better. The prices are also very reasonable. Being able to make your own katsu sauce is something i haven't done anywhere else. Definitely will be coming back to this place over and over. If they ever add a tv, and get their liquor license, I might be there every night!
This place was a very pleasant surprise for the first week of classes: great atmosphere, amazing food, huge portions, and cheap prices. The people are very friendly too - give a good tip!
Yelp...you never seem to fail me! Another great food adventure on behalf of yelpers. 

Hubs and I both ordered the Tonkatsu sandwich, which comes with a nice side of Japanese potato salad (didn't know there was such a thing), and a bowl of miso soup. Little man (4 y.o.) had the karaage chicken.

Service was fast and nondescript. 

Each guest gets a mortar and pestle to grind up sesame seeds for their katsu sauce - gave us something to do while we waited for our food and was a fun activity for little man.

The Tonkatsu sandwiches...huge, tender, and just the right amount of crispness. Japanese potato salad...pretty tasty, coming from someone that doesn't like apples (has small chunks in the potato salad). And yes, weird I'm not a fan of apples. 

Good miso soup, nice flavor and didn't seem like it came from instant miso packets; seemed like the same quality you get at sushi restaurants. 

Karaage chicken...not as tasty, but this is in comparison to the tasty as heck Tonkatsu. Little man seemed to like it though, basic enough to order for kids. If your little one is a picky eater, just ask that they put the chicken on a separate plate because the order usually comes with a little salad and places the chicken on a bed of cabbage. The actual katsu entree portions looked huge, so next time I'll probably just share an entree with little man. I could barely get thru the sandwich! 

We'll be back!!
Awesome all around, food and service is on point!!! I had the katsu curry and it was the best I found in vegas yet!!! I will definitely be back again, and I only live up the road...
This was a great hole-in-the-wall that we found from a co-worker recommendation.

Breaded fried pork cutlet sounds delicious to begin with, but I was not prepared for how well Tonkatsu Kiyoshi executed on the dish and at such value! You get two big pork cutlets with a standard order. They are fork-tender and served on a little rack to prevent sogginess and ensure maximum crispiness! They also offer a combo plate for a couple bucks more which comes with 2 cutlets plus 2 giant crispy, tender shrimp. And did I mention that every main course comes with miso soup and white rice as well? I really enjoyed the tonkatsu & japanese curry, which adds a nice mild spice to the dish.

A unique part of the meal is the grind-you-own sesame seeds for the "bbq" sauce. The sesame seeds mellow out the flavor of the sauce, which starts out a bit tangy like A1 + BBQ Sauce + Worcestershire Sauce. As you customize the flavor to your liking, it's fun to have different people at the table all tweak their sauces differently then share and compare.

On a final note, they have a nice selection of appetizers in the $3-6 range and authentic Japanese tea (Asahi beer coming soon!). 2 people, 2 apps, 2 drinks, the 2 biggest entrees, and 2 full & happy customers came to $40. Fast and attentive service and unbelievable food has put this restaurant on my "must visit" list. I've already recommended it to everybody that I know!
I love this place!! I have been here several times with my family and they recognize us now.  Hubs always orders the Katsu Donburi and I usually get the hire katsu (pork).  I haven't tried the curry yet (I am surprised).  Their katsu is so crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.  The sides that come with it are yummy, too.  I hope this place stays around for a long time.
When I was in Asia I was a little obsessed with this katsu house and ate there once a week with my mom. It made me think that I didn't know where exceptional katsu was and behold - I came home and this was newly opened! Wishes answered! 

The BF and I got the Hire (pork tenderloin) and the Rosu (thick cut pork loin) to compare the two tonkatsu offerings. We both liked the hire better which is thinner sliced, a bit more tender and had more crunch to meat ratio. The rosu is good if you like a meatier, pork chop type cut. If pork isn't your thing, they have seafood and chicken katsu offerings.

Each meal comes with thin shaved cabbage with a refreshing yuzu dressing, lovely sticky rice, rakkyo pickles, and a stronger than average miso soup. It makes for a simple and comforting meal. I thought the portions were good as we were both comfortably full. Your katsu sauce is a interactive type thing. You grind your sesame seeds and mix with the katsu sauce to your liking from a tray on your table. I don't know if it is homemade sauce, but I thought it was balanced flavor. 

Service was friendly and decent. There was chatter of Japanese patrons enjoying their meal which was comforting. It definitely is one of the better katsu to be had in this city, quite on par with some favorites I have outside of Vegas. Most definitely will be back!
Their katsu is the best i've ever had, so juicy and tender. Service never let me down, very friendly and everything comes out fresh and hot.
Hire katsu are just delicious! Juicy pork and not overly cooked like most japanese restaurant. Love the fact you can grind your own sesame seeds with the tonkatsu sauce. Very authentic way to serve! Also have to try their curry. Pork cutlet with the curry is just the perfect combination.
The absolute perfect lunch. After making sure I was totally aware of what Katsu is we ordered the Black Tiger Shrimp Katsu. This followed delicious Edaname, a awesome Crab Cucumber Salad and a delightful little fried pepper appetizer. The Katsu platter arrived to our amazement it was BEAUTIFUL and the shrimp were amazing! Very fresh and not greasy plus the fresh cabbage accompaniment with steamed rice and pickled scallions were refreshing and unique. Katsu is a hand breaded choice of pork (the specialty), chicken or shrimp. I forgot to mention it also arrived with a phenomenal miso soup that if a fan this one rocked! Excellent service and a delightful owner,Mark, with years in hospitality makes this neighborhood restaurant my top Vegas choice to date! We are huge foodies and visit for 1-2 weeks each year- value $25 for everything mentioned with bottled water and quality make this restaurant a real winner!
Being Japanese I have a natural craving to eat amazing Japanese food! It's rare to find something so good that rivals even the best in Japan! But I must say this tonkastu is one of the best I've had in a long time! The Hire Katsu (thinner cut of pork) and Rosu Kastu (thicker cut of pork) are both prepared perfectly with just the right amount of panko breading and very tender.

If it's your first time visiting this place, I would recommend the Hire over the Rosu Katsu as most of you will probably enjoy a thinner pork cut. The shrimp Kastu is a must! I wouldn't be suprised if these were more tiger prawns than typical jumbo shrimp as they are huge! Good thing they have a Hire & Shrimp Katsu combo ($15.00).  

As far as the Chicken Katsu goes, I'd give it a 3.5/5 so I wouldn't recommend trying this on your first trip. 

All in all, I give this place a 4/5. Amazing Kastu but it's can be a bit pricey. Happy Eating Folks!
The absolute perfect lunch. After making sure I was totally aware of what Katsu is we ordered the Black Tiger Shrimp Katsu. This followed delicious Edaname, a awesome Crab Cucumber Salad and a delightful little fried pepper appetizer. The Katsu platter arrived to our amazement it was BEAUTIFUL and the shrimp were amazing! Very fresh and not greasy plus the fresh cabbage accompaniment with steamed rice and pickled scallions were refreshing and unique. Katsu is a hand breaded choice of pork (the specialty), chicken or shrimp. I forgot to mention it also arrived with a phenomenal miso soup that if a fan this one rocked! Excellent service and a delightful owner,Mark, with years in hospitality makes this neighborhood restaurant my top Vegas choice to date! We are huge foodies and visit for 1-2 weeks each year- value $25 for everything mentioned with bottled water and quality make this restaurant a real winner!
This place serves the best tonkatsu and chicken katsu we've ever had to date and we've had plenty.  At first glance, prices seems a bit high for just katsu.  However, once you get your first bite you'll get why.  The other standout thing about Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is that you can make your own katsu sauce.  Put the sesame in the rough bowl and grind away using the pestle.  Scoop the base into smooth bowl, pour the ground sesame, and stir.  Season to taste.  Simply awesome!
The best Pork Katsu I've ever had!!!  My daughter had the Chicken which was good, but not as good as the Hire Pork Loin Katsu!!  I already wanna go back for more!
So I found this little gem of a place in the south west part of town. I love the ambiance, and most importantly i love their tonkatsu! I have not tried the curry one yet because i always order the same think, either chicken or pork tonkatsu!. The breading is light and crunchy and not greasy at all! I love how they plate the food and i love how you get to grind your own sesame seeds and mix it with the tonkatsu sauce, add a little lemon to it and it is absolutely divine! I am not big on cabbage that gets served with it, so they actually let me customize my order and exchange for more rice instead! Customer service is good, i think its because the owner tries to make it a point to always greet their customers coming and going, only one comment though, the single server that is working the shift kind of moves too slow and fails to acknowledge you if you need anything else, but hey that was only one time. Also the only thing that irks me a little is that they open your can of soda and pour it in a glass for you, which is just not my preference, but hey i wont let that spoil my party! I definitely will go back to this place, it is definitely worth the drive just so i can taste the best tonkatsu in las vegas! And as a cherry on top, prices are reasonable as well!
This is the definitely the best Tonkatsu in Vegas.  Don't order a Tonkatsu at your neighborhood AYCE sushi spot and if you do then after you eat this you will never go back.   

The cutlet is crisp, juicy, cooked perfectly, highly addictive, and will fill your tummy.  I like to either get the Pork/Ebi Shrimp combo or the Donburi.  For the Donburi you can switch out with the Hire or the Rosu or you can get chicken.  I try to always get pork since that is their logo ya know....

Not a fan of their beef tataki - if you want that go down the street to Soho.  But when it comes to Tonkatsu there's currently no other place in vegas that comes close and this place just happens to be down the street from me so i'll be a regular!
Came over at Tonkatsu Kiyoshi recommended by Family, the place is a hole in the wall, however the place is definitely a Gem. the Restaurant is really clean and only serve tonkatsu. Since they only serve tonkatsu, they do this really well.

We have  only tried Hawaiian style tonkatsu but this place has a different take on their tonkatsu, they serve it with grounded sesame seed with tonkatsu sauce, the cabbage that comes along with tongkatsu is splendid, its a nice pairing of deep fried meats and salad with ginger miso dressing. 

This place is definitely   must try.
OH MY GOD THE SHRIMP. That's all I can say to sum up this meal.

Okay fine, it wasn't just the shrimp that made this meal a 5-star experience. It was everything in between. 

From the melon float (reminds me of a childhood staple drink back home that I couldn't exactly pinpoint) but it was sooo damn good.

To the "self-made" katsu sauce with the pounded sesame seeds. 

To the ginger sauce that made my "non-vegetable-eating" girlfriend devour the whole salad that came with her meal.

Down to the little rack that the breaded pig and shrimp rested on while waiting to be ingested. EVERYTHING. Oh yeah, I ate the rack too. Hahaha 

JK. Come eat here if you haven't. Now, really 'nuff said.
Try this place now! If you are in the south part of Vegas south of the 215, this is a great place to stop and try.  We drove out here to try it out from Henderson and it was totally worth it. As usual, I read reviews before trying this place out / driving 15 miles and the reviews of Rod U, Lawrence C and Jennifer D caused me to be quite ready for this evening's quest.

a. Normally - I am normally getting Tonkatsu or Chicken Katsu from a place like L and L Hawaiian.  Oddly, there was an L and L a few blocks away from this place.  While I find it extremely convenient to get it from L and L, I also know it is like me getting chow mein or fried rice at Panda.  Edible, comforting, but just not the same.  Here at TK, this is the real deal in Tonkatsu.

b.  Ahhh Curry - There are a few pleasures in foodie life and Japanese Curry is one of them. I love all types of curry, = Thai, Indian, Chinese, Japanese.  From the hottest to the mildest.  However, I find that the Japanese Curry like what they have here is simply the best. If you like mild curry over rice with carrots and potatoes, this is it.

c.  Miso Soup - I pretty much always have miso paste at home and make plenty of variations of miso soup from hearty vegetables soup to your basic miso.  I consider myself a Miso fan and the miso here is pretty darn good. Finished mine and most of my wives.  Yep, and I slurped it all without using a spoon.  Just slurped away and used the chopsticks.  Now, while I am not Japanese, I find that eating the soup like they do in Japan, by putting your mouth to the bowl and drinking, using the chopsticks for the bits you cannot swaggle down is a great way to enjoy the soup. Here the soup was just right. Be sure to chuggle it down while it is hot. I also keep getting spell check warnings here, so I am sure swaggle and chuggle are not words but that is what comes to mind with this Miso Soup.

d.  The TK Sauce - What am I to do with the sesame seed and the tonkatsu sauce, mortar and pestle?  See, I have been trained to eat tonkatsu at L and L and am used to having the sauce in a little plastic takeaway thingamajig.  Here you get to pour out a good spoonful or so of sesame seed, and use the pestle to grind down the seeds to mix it with the sauce.  That was fun and since I did not have a clue, I had to ask the waitress how on rudimentary tonkatsu sauce preparation.  I am so glad I did, i love learning about foods and processes and tradition. And, this was FUN!

e.  What to order - I was totally befuddled in what to order. While my wife ordered the "Hire" tonkatsu, I was stuck between the Hire,, the Ebi and the Curry. Reading the reviews and all, I wanted to try them all.  So, I asked the waitress, what to do what to do.  See, there relatively small but perfect menu did not have this combo on it.  So she said, order the Hire, Ebi, Curry combo.  Yep, they said they could put that together no problem!  That was cool.

Hire Katsu - Plenty big portion and very tender and crispy, light and delicate.  I really enjoyed it, okay, compared to my norm and limited experience.

Miso Soup, Shaved Cabbage, Scallion and a sauce for the cabbage round out this dish. All was just right. I could have ate a bunch more of the pickled scallion, Rakkyo, they give you.

Curry - The plate was in a yin yang fashion with Japanese rice on the yin and the curry on the yang.  Then, a bit of Hire Katsu and Ebi Katsu on the rice.  If you are ancient like I am, it was like that old tootsie pop commercial where the kid is trying to find out how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop.  (See this youtube if you are too young).  Anyhoo,  I was pretty darn anxious to get to the curry and rice so I am not sure but I did a David Copperfield on the Ebi and Hire Katsu and they disappeared quickly. Then I got to the curry and rice.  I have not been eating white rice for a long time and here I made an exception because this was like the best ono thing to do!

Hot Tea - I ordered hot tea and got an ever filling cup of ocha, that was pretty darn good.  Could have been a bit hotter, but it was full of flavor.

f.  How about that service - Now, the last place I was at, was Bachi Burger for the wifey's birthday and well, the service from the maitre'd, shift manager and server was absolutely horrendous, I can tell you that the service here is the exact opposite!  WE have very attentive service, from the host, the waitress, to the big guy checking on us.  I mean, I felt like I was at a five star dining service or flying first class on Singapore Airlines.  It was just right. 

In the end, we were so happy with the food, the service, the experience, we actually ordered two more dishes for take out. We are thinking about sharing this with the kids who were out with friends while we were basking in the glories of tonkatsu delight.

Three - That is how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop!
Took my aunt and uncle from Hawaii to dinner here last week. Everything was delicious! The portions were pretty big and the staff was super attentive. Next time I will be trying the Japanese potato salad.
The LV Weekly makes this place sound like the King of Katsus, quite the contrary. The misled critique of flavorful and delicious cutlets from the LV Weekly now loss my confidence of their weekly recommendations.
Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is located in a desolate shopping center, but has an impressive decor.  Service is lacking expertise or help. The presentation is excellent, but the meals lack flavor and balance except for the miso soup, salad dressing, and pickled onions. The ebi fry(shrimp fried) was ordinary in taste, but huge and beautiful. The Tonkatsu(fried pork cutlet) lacked flavor and one slice of my order was not fully cooked leaving me the taste of blood that I saw on the only piece i didn't consume.
The side of curry was interesting in taste, but too salty or not balanced in flavor. The chicken karaage was pretty, but it tasted ordinary. The pickled onion and salad with ginger dressing was excellent, but the gohan(rice) didn't taste like the silky pearls of Japan. The japanese potato salad was okay. The miso soup was again soothing to the meal.
I frequent Japan every month and I will not return here because it makes me yearn for the truely flavorful Katsus in taste and balance even more and I don't need the tonkatsu sauce when I eat it.
Generous portion, friendly waiters, clean dining room (semi open kitchen I guess?) and authentic Katsu!! Menu is small but they do it RIGHT! Thank you for choosing the location so close to my house, now I will never want to move. Good job!
Best Katsu in Vegas. and its right by my house! win win!
Placed an order for pick up. Very tasty pork cutlet. One of the best katsu I have ever had.
Recommended:
Shishito Peppers
Chicken Karaage
Any of the katsus

Easily the best katsu in town.
Great place! Love the Katsu. Never been a fan of the apps or dessert, but always a solid choice as far as entrees go. 

Definitely worth checking out if you're a katsu fan.
Small, friendly, clean and beyond delicious.  The chicken katsu with curry is definitely a MUST TRY! generous portions and super flavorful. The location is accessible and great for groups. Prices are very reasonable and the service is on point. Family owned and operated and they truly show their passion in their presentation. When we are in town we will be back for sure.
Omg!  Their curry is the bomb!  The katsu rocks.  Their sauces are homemade and delicious.
That this less-than-six-month-old restaurant has over 100 awesome yelp reviews tells you everything you need to know.  This place is a gem.  Even though it's not in Japan and in a newish strip mall in the Las Vegas area, this place reminded me of my time living in Japan. They specialize in Japanese panko-covered fried food, and they do it very well.  Their food is fresh and homemade.  And it's very reasonable.

We tried the pork hire-katsu, chicken katsu, katsukare (pork with curry sauce), chicken kara-age, Japanese potato salad, crab and cucumber salad, and shishito peppers.  All excellent.

The owners are terrific too and are worth supporting.

Since we escaped the overpriced halls of Mandalay Bay to come to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, based on the strength of the Yelp reviews, we couldn't have been more satisfied with our meal.  Whether you are local or a tourist, get thee to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi.

PS We loved this place so much that we went twice!
You know how they say don't knock it until you try it. Well they also say trust your gut instinct, first intuition,  or something like that. I was excited when I first noticed that Tonkatsu Kiyoshi was opening up. I wasn't so excited when I saw their menu and prices online and had no desire to go. One day I was driving around and craved something katsu, with so many options for katsu I decided to finally give these guys a shot since most reviews sounded like I was losing out on something good. 

After entering I squinted my eyes and saw a nicer looking Rice Trax, the business this location was previously known for. And took a seat at the counter and started to really look at the menu, still very pricey for katsu. I dunno I had the pork katsu with eggs and rice. It was by far the worst things I've ever eaten. I couldn't finish half the little bowl and actually vomited it out when I went back to work. It tasted spoiled or just had a very different taste than what I'd expected, it was funny tasting. 

Probably the only positive things I liked about the place nicely presented decorations on the table. You're suppose to grind up sesame seeds and add sauce to make your own katsu sauce which was interesting. I had to ask what's that cause I dont eat at katsu houses, I'm sure I wasn't the only one. A little more customer service would be nice, I really felt like they just wanted my money. Surprisingly they're from Hawaii. When I was done I walked to the door, paused, waited a second for a thank you that didn't come, and left, removing another bookmark for a business I'd never be back to anytime soon.

Maybe it was a bad day!?
I had meetings in Las Vegas all day and was about to fly back out. We had time to stop for something to eat, and picked this place. What a great choice. The curry was awesome. The appetizers were great. They were helpful and friendly. I'd love to go back and eat there again. I had a chicken and shrimp dish, and it was great. My parents had different items, (I sampled) they were good. Brother had the curry, that was so good.

Give this place a try, you won't be sorry. Wonderful food.
I am no expert in Katsu or Japanese food for the most part. But I can recognize great cuisine when it hits my taste buds. This place Tonkatsu Kiyoshi definitely has something good going. I have been here multiple times since they have opened and each time I enjoy something a little different.
 I have had Curry Katsu, which is nice portion of steam white rice, curry sauce, and of course the pork tenderloin Katsu. It is always cooked perfectly and the portions are large. 
I have also had the Salmon and Shrimp Katsu, Chicken Katsu, and Thick cut pork Katsu. All done and cooked masterfully with the right amount of crispiness on the outside and juiciness still retained in the meat. 
The appetizers also very delectable and not too over sized, which I personally like. Need I say more about this place and its food. Moving onto the service, service here is always fast, friendly, they strive to make you feel welcome and its a very laid back and cozy place. 
5/5
- Arnold
**Summary**
       - Meals - The meals come with rice, miso soup, cabbage, & pickled pearl onions. The rice & cabbage are unlimited. You just have to ask them for more.
       - Preference - I prefer either the Hire (3 pieces of pork) or Tori (chicken) Katsu. The Hire for when I'm hungry & the Tori for when I'm not as hungry. I like my katsu crust crisp and these two dishes provide that.
       - Picked pearl onions - A pallet cleanser. Never had it anywhere else, but it was pretty good. It's like a mild onion soaked in sweetness.
       - Sauce - At the table there are two containers. Sesame seeds & katsu sauce. They give you a mortar & pestle. Traditionally, you'll take the sesame seeds, crush them with the pestle, and pour the katsu sauce over it and mix. Very authentic.
       - Cabbage - The shredded cabbage is given with a Japanese vinaigrette on the side. I usually like ordering a side of Curry so I can pour that over the cabbage and eat it with that. I don't like the sour taste of the dressing as much.
**Ordered**
       - $12 Hire Katsu Dinner - 3 Pieces of pork katsu. Perfectly breaded. Crispy & delicious. A hungry man's meal.
       - $10 Rosu Katsu Dinner - 1 Larger piece of pork katsu that's a bit bigger and oilier.  The oils also make the bottom of the katsu a bit soggy. I preferred the Hire.
       - $8 Tori Katsu Dinner - Chicken katsu. Pretty good for a pork alternative.
       - $15 Hire Katsu & Shrimp Katsu Dinner - 2 pieces of pork katsu and 2 huge breaded tiger prawns. 
       - $12 Katsu Donburi - Caramelized onions & egg on top of pork katsu. The egg & onions makes the breaded katsu crust soggy. I think this defeats the purpose of katsu. The added flavor is not worth this trade-off.
       - $12 Katsu Curry - The curry makes the katsu crust soggy. I don't really like that.
**Recommendations**
       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice local Katsu place. They only serve Katsu, but they serve it well!
Been here a couple times and this place never disappoints!!  Small family owned business that caters to their customers.  

Food here is great.  Can't go wrong with Shishito Peppers to start out your meal.  Starving?  Go for the combination of Hire (perfectly breaded crispy pork breasts) and Shrimp (colossal tiger prawns) Katsu Dinner.  For fifteen bucks, the meal comes with rice, miso soup, salad, and pickled pearl onions... definitely worth it.  Dope how their customers also get to grind their own sesame seeds to add for the sauce. 

Got to try Katsu Curry last time I was here.  Flavor wasn't bad but there are better ones elsewhere.  Make sure to get extra ginger on the side if you do end up getting it though.

Overall, Tonkatsu Kyoshi is one of the better katsu houses in the valley.  Seating is quite limited so there could be a wait.  Nonetheless, delicious food and great service.  Can't wait for this restaurant to start serving booze since there's nothing better than eating great katsu with a large glass of ice cold beer!!
I mean, everyone else has said what I wanted to say - amazing food, great service, friendly owner, and the combo dinner with the hire and shrimp katsu couldn't be better.  The only better katsu place I can think of is in Tokyo, next to the ANA Intercontinental Hotel.
the food is always good here. the Tonkatsu is good. I really love it.
YUM. I first came here quite awhile ago and didn't eat - just had a few nibbles of my friends food, the Tonkatsu Donburi - I've been dreaming of it ever since. And i'm not even a Tonkatsu fan but I really liked this! 
Today we had a late lunch and we both ordered the Tonkatsu Donburi and ordered the combo Chicken and Shrimp plate for Hunnie Bunnie, The combo plate is LARGE! and is accompanied by a bowl of Miso soup and White Rice. 
The Tonkatsu Donburi bowl has a large portion of rice and a thick cut of pork, nicely breaded with good flavor and egg and onions plus two Shishito peppers - my fave! I guess I just LOVE pork cuz I totally LOVE this dish! It was A LOT of food too so I totally have leftovers. 
We also had a full order of Shishito peppers - I could eat these all day, ALL DAY! An order of Edamame for Hunnie Bunnie and an order of the Cold Tofu which was surprisingly good because I usually don't like cold tofu. 
This is a small restaurant with some awesome Katsu!
Tried the place for the first time yesterday. Katsu itself was great!!! Very similar to the ones I've tried in Japan, I am really excited that this place is well within my side of town. 

However, the place is very small. It seats 6 parties, and they have a bar that can accommodate probably 3 guests. So, I was glad we came on a Tuesday! Another thing is their sodas come in cans. This made my husband almost lose his cool. $1.25 for a can of soda is very un-American for a restaurant. If the soda machine is broken or if you don't have one, I think the customer should know beforehand. Lastly, our server yesterday was very unhappy. She just looked like she wasn't pleased to be working there. 

Anyway, we will definitely be coming back here. Personally, to order the same katsu and curry rice combo. We'll probably just get water too ;)
Wow--this place is the real deal!!  We decided to go and check this place out during our vacation in Vegas (we're from Honolulu, HI) when I saw all the awesome reviews on Yelp and the pictures of what appeared to be authentic Japanese-style tonkatsu!  What makes it look authentic, you say? Well, they use the little wire strainers on the plate under the katsu to keep the food from soaking in any excess oil that may remain after frying, keeping the katsu crunchy and tasty!  After studying the menu, noticing how reasonable the prices were for authentic katsu and getting a thumbs up from my wife, we went for lunch.  Upon arriving, we figured the place must have opened recently, since it still had a huge "NOW OPEN!" banner hanging above the restaurant 's name over the front door.  We entered and saw it was not a very large place--maybe six tables that can seat 4-6 each and a counter that can serve another six customers.  It was, however, very clean and authentic looking with the lacquer dishes, numerous decorations and Japanese kanji characters abound.  A large man behind the counter greeted us with the familiar Japanese welcome phrase, "Irashaimase!"  After grabbing a few items, he then made his way to our table, served us some ice water and handed us menus. My wife ordered the chicken and shrimp katsu combination dinner, while I chose to have the beef tataki appetizer and hire katsu dinner.  After placing the order with the kitchen, he came back and showed us how to make our own katsu sauce by grinding up the sesame seeds in the special grinding bowl using a wooden stick, which we already knew how to do because we experienced it in Japan two years ago.  After making our katsu sauce, the beef tataki arrived, and man was it delicious!  Well-marbled beef is seared slightly on the outside, thinly sliced then served rare on a bed of finely grated daikon and a shiso leaf, accompanied with ponzu sauce for dipping--I was in beef-lovers heaven!  While enjoying my appetizer, we found out that our server was none other than owner Kiyoshi, who learned the ropes about tonkatsu and Japanese cuisine from his grandmother while he was growing up in Japan as a boy.  He had also gained invaluable experience about Las Vegas and the food scene there through his nine years of experience working at Bellagio, but decided a few years ago he wanted to branch out and own his own place.  After some discussion with his investment partners, they decided to open Tonkatsu Kiyoshi in November, 2013 at its present location, and he said he is pleased with how things are going for the restaurant for the six months since.  A few moments later, our dinners (lunches?) arrived, and they were fantastic!  Each dinner was accompanied with miso soup, savory and full of pieces of tofu and seaweed--warm and delicious!  Also served with our dinner was a hot bowl of white rice, shredded cabbage and rakkyo--little pickled onions that are tart and lip-smacking yummy!  The cabbage was accompanied with an oriental salad dressing, while my wife's shrimp katsu also had a separate sauce.  The tonkatsu I ordered was awesome--the panko crust nicely browned, not at all oily and nicely crisp, and it paired really well with the katsu sauce we concocted earlier.  My wife's shrimp katsu was crunchy, tasty, made with very fresh shrimp and also paired well with the special sauce Kiyoshi brought for it.  Her chicken katsu was tender and moist, not firm like the tonkatsu I was having, but just as delicious.  I am already home in Honolulu now, but drooling just thinking about our wonderful katsu meal at Tonkatsu Kiyoshi and very much looking forward to visiting there again next time I'm in Las Vegas!
I just found this place yesterday. I love Kiyoshi's Tonkatsu! Its real japanese style's Tonkatsu. I hope that they have sesame dressing instead of Giner dressing. Ginger flavor was a little bit strong. Overall, perfect!
Looking for authentic Japanese Tonkatsu this is the place to come..  check it out xoxox
Finally decided to try this place. It's right behind where I live. It's located in a strip mall right next to a smoke shop and dry cleaners (I think?). Couple things I noticed about this place... First, it's deep on the south side of town. It doesn't bother me as much since this is my neighborhood. However, if this place seeks to be a busy business, it's a far reach. Second, if it wasn't for word of mouth and a flyer, I probably wouldn't have found this place. It's literally hidden. The strip mall itself is brand new and it's located in a residential area. The place itself is small for a restaurant but it's cozy. 

Now... For the food... I'm a fan of Katsu dishes. For the price that you pay on this joint, it's pretty loaded. You get a decent amount of food for your order. It comes with Miso soup as well. I was lucky to have met the owner during my visit and he was very accommodating (asking if it's your first time and what not), introduces you to the menu and lays you the details. As soon as your order is taken, you have the chance to make your own Katsu dressing. They have all the ingredients laid out on a small tray on every table. This allows you to set your own sauce for your liking. 

I forgot the name of the dish I ordered but it came with shrimp tempura and the Katsu itself, paired with rice, cabbage and Miso soup. I'm a very simple guy when it comes to taste. I believe my dish was served well. The amount of breading used wasn't overboard either. Seasoning is just right and not too salty. Unfortunately, i went here on a Monday night and I was the only one eating. It made the experience a little awkward since everyone was pretty much just staring at me while I pig out. 

I would definitely give this place another go. It's the type of joint you won't go to as much considering the prices of their food but it's a thumbs up in my book. The place has potential. It just needs to market itself more due to its location. Hopefully, it will pick up business when the sports bar next door opens.
I love their chicken katsu (so juicy!) and my parents love the various pork katsus.  Run by a very nice family.  Nice to have a legit washoku restaurant in the neighborhood (vs. venturing out to Chinatown).
My first time here , This place is less than 5 mins by my house, I ordered chicken and salmon katsu  to go , it was very good!! I will def come back to try dine in next time!!!
Best katsu in Las Vegas! The quality of their food is excellent. Portions are large and prices are reasonable. We've eaten here many times and have never had a bad experience. 

If it's your first time, be sure to grind the sesame seeds for your katsu sauce. Never had this anywhere else before and so good! Add hot mustard if you like that flavor as well.

The space is a bit small so there may be a wait, but it's worth it. The decor is cute and fitting for the theme of the restaurant.

The owner is really nice, remembers frequent customers, and I love that it's a family run business!
We came here on a Saturday evening and ordered 
1. Chicken and shrimp katsu, 14
2. Katsu curry, 12 
for $33

- Small restaurant. Seated right away.
- Great service. Ordered in a couple minutes and got the food within 10. 
- Best part, unlimited katsu sauce! McDs should take notes! haha charging extra for McNuggets dip. shame. HA! 
- Katsu was pretty good. crispy. Chicken better pork here. 
- Huge pieces of shrimp katsu! My favorite! 
- Loved the pickled scallions. But 2 though....tease
- Shredded cabbage. Yum.
- Curry was very good. Few pieces of carrots and potato. Sorta better than Kaba Curry, but it would be cool if you can order their curry spicier. Slap a fried egg on top.
- For better Katsu in Vegas, go to Yu-Yu for lunch! Better soup! No miso. And their pestle looks like bark from a tree! haha, even more authentic. I think it starts at $9. 
- For SoCal-ers, Meh, Yoko and Katsuko in Buena Park is better and cheaper. Usually $9 and you get udon with side banchan. You'd think this place is pretty steep. Over 30 for katsu here! What. haha. 
- Aside from all that, this place is fantastic and will definitely come back for more but during dinner time.
Always consistent and great quality tonkatsu!
My kids love going there and eat. 

Hire katsu is always tender and fresh. Portions are generous also. Place is kept clean and staff members are very friendly.
My little sister saw this on yelp a couple months ago. I have been meaning to come here since they have good ratings. It took me a while to come here. Every time I decided to go to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi, it happened to be a Sunday. Haha Just my luck right? Luckily, this time it was a Thursday. 

Parking is never an issue in Las Vegas. This location had their own parking lot. It was not pack at the time I went.

The atmosphere inside the store was very causal. I like that there was a Daruma good luck doll. I saw a bunch of those when I went to Hawaii so I thought they was cool that they had a huge one there. They have a "bar" seating area and 6 tables inside the restaurant. Five tables were seated but it didn't feel PACKED. The place is small with can hold a good amount of people without feeling crowded. 

There was only one service and two people in the kitchen. The server was quiet for the most part. He would just take our order and it took him a while to refill our water. When I went to pay my bill, he was very friendly and joked around a little.

The food was the main reason why I rated this place 2 stars. I ordered the Tonkatsu Don. Although the slice of pork was thick, it was very dry. There was nothing special about that dish. We also order the Chicken Karaage which was $6. There was only 6 pieces of meat and they were pretty small. I can't believe I paid $1 per piece of chicken. There was nothing special about the Chicken Karaage either. I felt like I could live without it and regretted my order. We got the Melon Float as well which is a drink I could make on my own. 

If you're looking for a very good Tonkatsu Don, I recommend going to I-Naba. The location of the restaurant is a little weird but I guarantee their food is good and very authentic! :)
Honestly, I didn't even realize how hidden this place is for a restaurant with such a reputation. I pass by this intersection every day and didn't think twice about going by here until by recommendation from some classmates.

So I head down the street, park up front, and enter to find this seemingly simple designed eatery. Nothing grand. A simple bar. Maybe enough seats for 30? It's small. The menu itself is simple too! It's a front and back menu which focuses on mainly katsu. I was really curious at this point.

I order a chicken katsu at around $9 and my boyfriend the salmon/chicken katsu close to $14. It's a really good portion of food. You get a salad with dressing. Katsu fried in flakey japanese style breading that has a satisfying crisp. I think some Japanese pickles (which I didn't try) and a miso soup. The miso soup was a thoughtful touch. I could never finish a whole order by myself and I went here twice!

Overall, I ended up having a pocket in my heart for this place. The restaurant is simple, not because it doesn't put effort, but because their showcase is really their food. It has personality to it that is unique to Tonkatsu. Service has always been friendly there too like we're all just neighbors.

Note: I'm often a budget eater so $9 for chicken katsu was like, "Eh.." but after trying it, I say it's a reasonable price especially if comparing it to a $6.50 hawaiian bbq regular plate because you can account for the salad and miso soup...plus the breading of the chicken was delicious at this place. It definitely converted what I thought katsu should taste like.
Tonkatsu Kiyoshi was the chosen location for another GNO restaurant pick and I am so glad it was chosen! TK has been sitting in my Bookmarks for quite awhile, but I never had anyone who wanted to try it out with me. 

It is on the smaller side with limited seating, but on a Thursday night we were able to get a good spot for the five of us. 

After taking our orders, our server came out to demonstrate how to grind our own sesame seeds thus making the katsu sauce ourselves. I ordered the Katsu Don and it also came with a side of miso soup (all of their entrees do). The Katsu Don was one of the best I have ever had and the miso soup was above average. The katsu was crunchy yet juicy and the cuts were generous. I barely used the sauce because the food was already flavorful on its own.

If I ever get a craving for Katsu Don then this is the only place I am going to.
Finally, my wife and I had the chance to try this Tonkatsu place.   Born and raised in Japan, I was pretty impressed with quality of food.    I had Fried jumbo (huge) shrimps and tonkatsu.    At home, I do make tonkatsu myself whenever I have a chance, but let me tell you, this place perfected tonkatsu cooking.   Panko is very crunchy and pork meat was very soft and tender.    The waiter told me they use fresh panko and also fry in two different oil temperatures.    First rate food quality and first rate service.     The combination plate come with miso soup, rakkyo pickles, shredded cabbage and rice.    Even miso soup and their green tea were good quality.    People who rated them three stars and lower does not know what they are talking about.
Great service and great food!! Ebi katsu, Hire katsu and chicken karage is my top 3 fav!!! Definitely check this place out for a quick yummy bite to eat :)
My friend took me to this place. I'm originally from Japan and I am a huge tonkatsu fan. I had their Rosu Kastu and edamame. Here's my review. 

Environment/Service:
Excellent. Very friendly staff. Small but clean environment. 

Food/Price
Excellent. Very authentic Japanese style tonkatsu. Kastu(pork) was super juicy and tender. Sauce was perfectly balanced, not too sweet. Self-grind sesame seeds boost the flavor of the sauce. Fresh salad and great dressing. Both steamed rice and miso soup were great too. Perfect amount of food to make me full. Great meal for only $10. 

Overall, very satisfying. I would definitely come back.
Hire Katsu tender & crunchy! 
Potato salad
beef tataki
shishito peppers
My husband had the curry great flavor. 

Next time I'll need to try the ebi fry 

Service is excellent and family friendly.
Make your own sauce gives a special taste
It's been a busy month, with two Japanese restaurants in the area that I haven't tried yet, I am thrilled and filled at the same time....

I can always have Tonkatsu for any meal; it's comfort food for me and if you go to Japan, they make it so light and crunchy, you almost can't believe that its fried.  Almost...

But alas, we're not in Japan, and for the most part, Tonkatsu here is a heavier, oilier version of the original, and if you're lucky, the Pork doesn't taste like your belt.. or is as thin...

And then Tonkatsu Kiyoshi come into town, and all is good.  Located in an area that no matter where you live, takes a butt long time to get to, since it's in a residential-ish area with rudimentary access (Vegas, could you hurry up and upgrade the road conditions already)?  I was a little trepidatious at first, I really didn't want to go if it was just another L&L BBQ or Ross J's... (no offense)...

The venue is not big, under 40 seats total with a great counter for single dining; the interior is pretty bare bones, but understandable considering its location and casual service.  

Its always a good sign to see Sesame and Tonkatsu sauce on the table with your own mini mortar and pestle.  You grind the Sesame seeds and then pour the tart sauce over to create a goopy concoction to dip your flaky fried Tonkatsu, I prefer to add a little hot mustard to give it a kick!

As mini starters, we ordered the Crab and Cucumber Salad and the House made Potato Salad.  I loved how the dishes came in ceramics authentic to a Japanese Tonkatsu House, and looked forward how the dishes would taste.

The House Potato Salad had Cucumber, Apple and Japanese Mayonnaise (Kewpie).  Although it was good, It was a little watered down and not as creamy as I was expecting.  But then again, with all the fried food that was about to be consumed, maybe creamy was overkill...

So the next dish we ordered was the Crab Cucumber Salad.... which to my disappointment, was not with real Crab but with Crab Sticks or 'Kamaboko' - basically imitation crab made from white fish meat.  But, for $3.50, I should have realized that the fact that this wan't going to be a real Crab dish.

Oddly enough, there was a disproportionate amount of Crabstick in comparison to Cucumber.  It was an odd dish for sure.

As for the Tonkatsu, I got the combination set with  two pieces of
Tenderloin (Hire) and two Fried Shrimp.  You have two types of cuts to choose from: Hire and Rosu (Thick cut Pork Loin).  Usually I get the Hire; it's a softer cut that comes installer, thinner pieces.  If I'm really hungry, I'll get the Rosu which is thicker and bigger but a little tougher to chew.

I was thoroughly amazed at how soft the Tonkutsu was, it was fried perfectly too, not greasy in the least, it was very light and easy to eat.  It was a authentic as I could ever have imagined, like being back in Japan.  The Miso Soup was the real thing as well, and the Rice was spot on (yes, you can fuck up Rice...)

The Fried Shimp was ok, again fried to perfection but I wasn't sure about the freshness of the Shrimp.  I would get it again.

But all in all, its definitely worth going back to for the Hire Katsu.  And with a couple of combinations you can get as well as Katsu Curry, It's a place I can back again and again!

Ratings (Out of Five Stars)
Food:           4
Ambience:  Ummm
Service:       4.75
I really enjoy the food here. If it weren't for living so far, i would swing by more often. I like how you can crush your sesame seeds and mix it with the sauce. It doesn't seem too crazy or out of the ordinary but it adds the uniqueness of dining here. 
Their katsu is top knotch, good portions and very tasty. The menu isn't overwhelming and whenever I read it, it's easy to make a decision. Prices are average and actually decent for the quality and portion you receive.

Staff are always welcoming and friendly. My first visit was quite enjoyable. I came here with my girflriend for a nice dinner. We sat at the "bar(don't think there is alcohol served here)" and our waiter asked if we've ever ate here. We replied "no," and he showed us what to do with the sesame seeds and sauce. We had a good time, as simple as it was. We had a fun conversation with our waiter too.

Whenever I eat here, I tend to always order the chicken and shrimp katsu. yumm I haven't eaten here in a month or two and the more I think about it right now it makes me hungry.

5/5 for all around good experiences for every visit and great consistent food and service.
I have been here 3 times in the last couple of months with mostly great results.  The tonkatsu is fried very nicely.  In addition, the fried shrimp are large and tasty.  The service is good and I like the feel of the place.

On the down side, this last time, the pork came out cold and while it appeared to be cooked, it was a turn off.  Also, they need a soda fountain.  Any place that serves cans seems like they are second rate.
I think they raised their price since last time I came here and the portion of their food is less than it used to be. Their food is amazing and reducing food portion doesn't help because I want to eat MORE!! :D:D
When it comes to Tonkatsu, Kiyoshi gets the second place right after Yu-Yu.

Both restaurants offer comparable quality of food, but Yu-Yu is slightly better that they offer Tonjiru and other very good side items. But Kiyoshi's no shortage of its own strength, their focus on the core competence is a right strategy as their execution proves. Also, Kiyoshi feels much like a restaurant-next-door in Japan.

I'll keep patronize them as long as they keep it that way.
Food here is excellent. The katsu is crispy but still juicy inside. I really like their miso soup as well. What really sets it apart from other miso soups is that they use a darker miso than most other restaurants do. 

The portions of the main meal was also decent. You get a nice big piece of katsu along with the rice and miso soup and it really fills you up. However their side dishes are a little overpriced. They taste really good but the price is just too high for the quantity you get. 

As far as service everybody there is really friendly and helpful. A little awkward at some parts during the night. Couldnt really put my finger on what it was but it felt a little uneasy. But still really good service.
I forgot to ask who Kiyoshi was!  All I know is that it is a common Japanese boy's name.  Tonkatsu on the other hand (which I often confuse with Tonkotsu) is deep fried panko-breaded pork cutlet.  Just like breaded pork chop, Japanese style. When you enter the place, it looks very Japanese with the set-up and décor, but there was summer-y Hawaiian music playing in the background.  The place is tiny and I'm glad we went at an odd hour.

If we came more hungry, I would've wanted to try their beef tataki and daily special off menu agedashi tofu.  But today, we went straight to the entrees.  We had... 

1. The miso soup which came with both our orders.  This was awesome, definitely a notch above your standard bowls in Jap restaurants.  

2. The Katsu Curry which has 2 pork cutlets, lots of rice, lots of curry with chunks of potato and carrot.  Their katsu preparation is good - thick cuts that maintain their juiciness with breading that is light and not greasy.  Their curry sauce has much stronger flavors than your typical Japanese curry, in fact, it really reminded me of the Indian version.  Hubby enjoyed it.

3. The Katsudon (Katsu donburi) has katsu over rice topped with egg and katsudon sauce (which is a savory-sweet sauce).  There were a couple of grilled shishito peppers on the side as well.  The katsu itself is not salty and is meant to be dipped in curry or tonkatsu sauce so I wish this thin type sauce was tastier.  It was, however, still very good. 

4. Chicken Karaage for the lil man.  This was a very different preparation from the karaages in ramen joints.  The batter is not as light and the piece of chicken is denser.  Although good, I prefer the ramen joint version a lot better. 

5. Japanese potato salad.  This is a sweeter version of a classic with eggs and cucumbers.  A refreshing side to cut the fried goodness.

6. Melon soda.  It comes in a bottle and I didn't care for this too much because it has a Yakult after taste.  But hubby loved it so much he asked for one to go.  Try it if you haven't had any melon soda yet.

7. Their tonkatsu dipping sauce.  I love places that serve condiments.  I really do.  Each table comes with sauce and roasted sesame seeds which you grind yourself with a wooden pestle.  The tonkatsu sauce tastes like the Bulldog bottles you buy in Jap grocery stores.  If you haven't had this condiment, you might really love it or find it weird because it is slightly sour.  Kinda like catsup meets soy sauce meets sugar meets Worcestershire sauce.  I like it though.  And normally, I don't care much for sesame seeds but man!  The roasted sesame flakes on this tonkatsu sauce really elevates it to another level.  Real good stuff.

We enjoyed our meal a lot, and service rocked.  However, for the 2 entrees, 2 sides and 4 drinks, our bill was already over $50 with tip.  It's not cheap, and I wish it was so I can keep coming back.  But if you are a fan of fried Japanese goodness, then you might end up being a Kiyoshi groupie.
The food here is great!! The miso soup is bomb and they have great sides also! Check this place out...
I've had this place bookmarked for awhile. I was pretty excited when I was finally able to try it.

Atmosphere: the restaurant itself is pretty small. Luckily we came here before it got busy. 

Service: the waiters and waitresses are both attentive. They kept our water glasses full at all times and always made sure we were enjoying our food.

Food: I decided to get the chicken katsu. I really enjoyed it. Usually when you eat one chicken katsu, you think you've tasted all of them already. Theirs is very flaky. I really enjoyed the breading. Our meal also came with soup, salad, and of course rice.

There's sesame seeds to grind in a bowl. We kind of just looked at other peoples tables to see what they were doing. You just grind the seeds and add the sauce. It tastes great with the chicken.

I would forsure come here again!
Very tasty food that completely changed my view of Japanese kitchen. I associated Japanese food only with sushi and teppanyaki, which I truly love. However, at Tonkatsu I discovered that the Japanese really know how to cook delicious pork as well. This is a must try boutique restaurant.
By far the best Katsu I have ever had. The sauce is also delicious. 

The services is always incredible.
My son and I made a trip to this restaurant in mid-May 2014 and we were not disappointed.

The restaurant is very new (opened Sept. 2013) and clean. Simple decor. When you walk in to the restaurant you are greeted enthusiastically.

You can see the chefs and cooks preparing your food through a large, open window. I discovered three people that work there (one is a co-owner) are Hawai'i transplants. 

My son ate the pork tonkatsu and shrimp katsu combo and I ate the pork tonkatsu curry and rice. Delicious. You grind sesame seeds and mix it with the slightly spicy tonkatsu sauce. This sauce mix sets this restaurant apart from the rest. My son tried the melon float which was very yummy.

Price is a little more than the average "plate lunch". My dish was $13 and I believe my son's was $16-$17. Spend a few more dollars eating there instead of in the slot machine!

I am definitely a fan and will make many more trips there. I hope more Vegas locals and Hawai'i ppl give this place a try.

One more plus, their music playing is Kalapana, C&K, IZ....enough said!

Best of luck to this new restaurant!
Oh, man. I freaking love this place. I find katsu to be a comfort food, and if it were closer to home, I'd be a regular; alas, location is not on my side!

My SO and I got a Chicken and Shrimp Katsu combo and the Pork Katsu Curry with rice and were very much satisfied with our meals. The miso soup had much more depth in comparison to others I've had before, and you can expect the portions to leave you feeling satisfied!

Also, I quite like the ambiance of this place. It feels authentic; it's not tacky, it's tasteful. I don't know what we were thinking at the time, but we decided to order the Azuki Bean ice cream even when we were super-stuffed. I think it may be red bean? I'm not entirely sure! The important detail of this is that, I don't usually like red bean ice cream but can honestly say that this ice cream was the perfect taste to end our meal. Convincing enough for ya?

Their sauce brings the katsu to perfection! I honestly wish I was skilled at grinding sesame seeds, because I think the sauce-to-seed ratio is essential in bringing out the ideal flavor. LOL. Anywhoways, THIS IS SOME GOOD KATSU! Try it.
I've been putting off going to this place for months. What's so special and exciting about a katsu restaurant when I can make katsu at home? It's quick and easy to make and it's yummy.

There was a bunch of stuff occupying our table - what is all this mess? Salt, pepper, togarashi, a bowl of sesame seeds, a bowl of katsu sauce, a mortar and pestle...and fake flowers. I was busy grinding my sesame seeds for my katsu that I forgot to look at the menu. I've been here quite a few times to try everything on the menu as much as I can. The consistent observation I have is that no matter what kind of protein you get, it won't be dry and it will be delicious. Not oily at all. Their dinners and combinations come with rice, miso soup, shredded cabbage and Japanese pickles.

Kara'age:
Breaded and deep-fried pieces of chicken. Salty, mildly sweet and spicy. They're a little bit overcooked so they taste a bit burnt but the inside wasn't dry. I'll skip this next time. 3/5

Beef Tataki:
Thin slices of lightly seared beef with a ponzu + daikon dipping sauce. 4.5/5

Chicken Katsu Curry:
Panko-breaded and deep-fried chicken, comes with rice and miso soup only. This is not on the menu but you can definitely ask for chicken instead of pork. The katsu itself was great but the curry is better at Zen. 4/5

Hire Katsu and Shrimp Katsu:
Panko-breaded and deep-fried pork tenderloin katsu and shrimps. 

Tori Katsu Dinner:
Panko-breaded and deep-fried chicken. 5/5

Salmon Fry Katsu Dinner:
Usually, when you deep-fry salmon, it gets pretty dry and flaky (kind of like dandruff). But here at Kiyoshi, they know how to do it right. 5/5

Pineapple Panna Cotta:
This was so good and had the perfect pineapple flavor to it. I'm tired of plain old panna cotta and creme brûlée. This has whipped cream and coconut shavings on top...like a pina colada panna cotta. 4/5 

Green tea Cheesecake:
I've had green tea cheesecake that have been pure fail where you can hardly taste green tea. THIS is how green tea cheesecake was meant to taste like. 5/5

The service has always been great. Friendly and very attentive. The food comes out within 10-15 minutes after ordering.
This is so close to my work!  My friend wanted to meet up and try this place.  I wasn't big on rice, or anything breaded, but since I said it is her pick, this was the place.

I am so glad I did!  After reading many rave reviews, I decided on the chicken katsu curry.  Oh boy, this entree was huge.  I had half of it for lunch, and the other half for lunch the next day.  The chicken katsu was crispy and moist, the curry was fragrant and had bold flavors, and the rice was cooked perfectly.

Though I didn't need to make the katsu sauce for my curry entree, I made it anyways.  Was my first time, and I enjoyed the experience.

I will definitely return...tomorrow even.
This place feels like home, food is awesome,  service is fantastic. I always start with their beef tataki, lightly seared on the outside with just the right amount of seasoning. Hire and shrimp is my favorite entree, everything's so nicely cooked and tender. Must try this place if you have never been here, you will fall in love just like me!
Small restaurant that packs a tasty punch

Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is a small-sized restaurant that offers tasty Tonkatsu at a reasonable-ish price. The portion size is quite filling and food quality is superior. I was surprised at how homey I felt during my experience at Tonkatsu Kiyoshi-- both the ambiance and service played a role in that. 

Pros:  Attention to detail to service, restaurant, dishes, presentation; quality food; great taste. 

Cons:  Menu options (maybe adding a Chef Special item would bring diversity to customers); adding history to the brand (how Tonkatsu Kiyoshi started) would definetley benefit the already homey feel to the restaurant;  more engaging service. 

Much potential for this restaurant. Will definitely visit again for more curry. 

4.5 out of 5.
Great place for Katsu. Basically it is breaded pork, chicken, or shrimp. I got the chicken katsu with curry over rice. It was a thick and juicy piece of chicken. My order was enough for 2! They gave me miso soup, but it was too salty so I didn't finish it.

Excellent customer service. Very friendly, attentive, and courteous!
This place is hidden behind a gas station but love the katsu from here. It is super moist and I love how it comes with miso soup and rice. I have tried both the pork and chicken katsu and I really liked both of them. I found this place because of my friend introducing me to it but became one of my favorite places to eat in vegas. I really love the katsu curry which has chunks of potato and carrots and is really a great addition to the katsu. The restaurant itself is small but it is nice to dine in or just to-go the food still tastes the same if you bring it home. Glad we have good restaurants in vegas and this is one of them.
I ordered the salmon katsu. It was on the salty side and just a smidge overcooked. I should have stuck to pork, but wanted to try something different. Stick with the pork or chicken.

Portion was filling and the servers were friendly. Solid 4 stars.
YUM YUM YUM!!  We've tried everything on the menu.  Hands down my favorite is the chicken katsu.  Super fresh, always moist.  Perfectly breaded and fried.  This is THE tokatsu place to go to. You can taste the oil is changed out frequently which I appreciate.  The apps are just ok.  I'd say just stick with the tonkatsu since it really is the star.  The shredded cabbage with the tangy dressing is a nice compliment to the fried meat and carb-y rice. 

Love that you can make your own dipping sauce.  It's also good entertainment (and may help build your appetite) while waiting for food to come out.  Order the melon float after if you have room to spare.  Kind of reminds me of a Melona bar - not too sweet or heavy. 

The restaurant is always clean and service is always nice.  Sometimes a tad slow but it's ok - it's a small family run place!  Just relax and enjoy. 

Thank you for having such a limited menu but executing so well. (beats those restaurants that have a million things on the menu but nothing tastes good)  Also thanks for great ventilation. None of that "stinky Chinese food place" smell on your clothes when you leave. 

Make the trip if you haven't yet - who can pass up deliciously fried meat?!?
I went here yesterday with my boyfriend and this is the place to go for your katsu cravings! This place is so homey, the staff gave AMAZING service, and the food was  satisfying! 

Our waitress was SUPER friendly and since it was our first time, she helped us with our choices and recommended some appetizers. We picked the Japanese sausages, which was very yummy and juicy! I ordered the shrimp and salmon katsu which came with rice and miso soup (All of the main course meals comes with miso soup). I'm a shrimp lover so I had to get the shrimp katsu which I love! The salmon katsu was OK to me, I Iiked it but didn't love it, it was a bit salty for me. Next time I'll order just the shrimp katsu for sure. My boyfriend picked the Katsu curry, the curry sauce tasted like any other curry I had but the chicken katsu is what makes it oh so delicious--- crispy goodness! The portions were very generous and fulfilling. I definitely recommend this place if you're a Japanese food lover!  You wont be disappointed. ^_^
Best place if you want to enjoy katsu!  The husband this place a few months back and said I needed to try this place.  I'm not a katsu lover but  I love the katsu here.  As soon as we walked in we were greeted and we sat on the table.  The menu size is perfect.  I always get overwhelmed by large menus.  We ordered our food and we started to grind the sesame for our tonkatsu sauce. They should have asked if this was our first time, because I wouldn't have known what to do with the muddle.  Good thing the hubby showed me what to do! We ordered the beef tataki. It was really good, portion was smaller than expected but still good with the ponzu.  We ordered the Japanese potato salad and that was tasty.  The apples gave it a sweet kick! I ordered the salmon and ebi katsu and hubby enjoyed the chicken and ebi katsu.  Everything was perfect.  The breading was crispy and perfect! You have to have good breading for the perfect katsu.  The chicken and shrimp was not overcooked.  It was so soft and moist.  The chicken just melt in your mouth! I also added the hot mustard in the katsu sauce and it gave the sauce a nice hot kick. Yummy! I definitely enjoyed this place and I want to go back for the katsu curry! Every table around us ordered that dish. Its been two hours since lunch and I want more!
Originally wanted some beach cafe next door but the disire for japanese curry filled my head with bliss. My friend and i got sat pretty fast. Drinks came to the table right away to cool down sweat from the las vegas heat. We questioned the server about the mortar and pestel. He showed us how to grind sesame to use for our katsu sauce. Our chicken cutlets came out huge. The plate had more rice than your body will allow you to eat. the curry was pretty delicious and had big chunks of potato and carrots. Tho they dont do my favorite add ons like corn, spinach, or cheese like Zen Curry. All plates also come with a miso soup to wash everything down. I would definitlly come back again with more friends.
The staff was very Nice. One of the waiters taught me about the mortar and pedestal, drinks came out fast. Didn't know much about the menu and was a little difficult to understand but I knew what I wanted and just said chicken curry i asked for cheese and corn they looked at me crazy lol but the food came out fresh and hot. Big portions and a side of meso soup tastes great if I'm ever on this side of town again I would  definitely come back.
The food here was big and filing! I would probably eat here again when I'm really really hungry though. I have been here once before and ordered katsu with curry but this time I ordered chicken katsu. The order comes with a side of miso soup, rice, salad, and also  a plus-green tea icecream (because the ac was broken). Anyways, I definately recommend this place.
LOVE this restaurant!  It is in our neighborhood, and after hearing good things, my husband I decided to go check it out on a date night. 

Be forewarned, this is a SMALL restaurant... I'm talking about six tables.  Usually this would deter me a bit, but somehow, it worked toward the charm of this place.  It is comfy and cozy, and the Hawaiian music playing in the background made me very nostalgic as I longed for another trip back.

Now onto the food.  I ordered the salmon and shrimp.  It was amazing!!!  Everything was super fresh, the miso soup was perfect, and it's so fun to get to make your own sauce!  The breading on the salmon and pork is seriously outstanding.  Not greasy at all... Nice and light, and crisp.  I later found out that this is due in part to the owner's sourcing of fresh panko... Not the hard, dry kind we buy at the grocery store.

And please, if you like potato salad even a bit, order it here!!!  It's the owner's grandmother's recipe, and it's so unique and delicious.  Potato salad with chunks of apples and slices of cucumber?  Somehow, it totally works!

The service was just as awesome as the food.  Being newbies, our waitress was super helpful, and the owner went around to every table, including ours.  He is so kind and personable!  We will be back many times in the future!
OK. I like this place. Meredith was a hoot. She literally sold us the whole menu. We ordered at least 10 items. 
The atmosphere was casual and they were playing Hawaiian music in the back, that's always a plus. 
The tokatsu and curry was flavorful. The tala Alsalad on the Katsu and shrimp combo was off the hook. Yeah I said salad. Leave it alone. Carnivores eat grass when they have too also. 
Definitely coming back again to try more dishes and the cream puff (they ran out).
I had been meaning to try this place out for months and finally was able to cross it off my bookmarks on Friday. The 1st thing I noticed was the small menu, and there wasn't really much choice besides various katsus...hence their name. We ordered chicken katsu and a pork katsu curry. Both katsu entrees were very crispy the breading was a perfect golden brown. I liked the chicken a little more since it was lighter and juicer than the pork. Definitely some of the better katsu entrees I've ever had, but I thought the pricing was a little steep for some fried meat, rice and miso soup.  

I was a little confused on how to make the katsu sauce and I found myself mashing up a concoction of sesame seeds and sauce together which apparently isn't the way it's supposed to be done? I also thought you were supposed to mash up the little shalots/onions they give you...Eventually I gave up and just ate everything plain...I still have no idea how to properly prepare the sauces, shalots, etc.

Dining experience here is ok...while the service was great, it was super hot in the dining area which made it uncomfortable since I felt hot and sweaty the whole meal. Is there not a/c that can be turned on during business hours? I felt like I drank 4-5 glasses of water because it was so hot and then I pretty much lost my appetite from filling up on water instead of food.

I would come back again but it wouldn't be my 1st choice. Their food was good, but maybe next time I'll grab it to go instead of suffering through a 80-90 degree dining room.
I'm pretty sure me and my husband are a regular here! Since I've been pregnant, I've been craving their curry katsu every week. Also, a good mention is their appetizers, such as Japanese fried chicken, crab and cucumber salad, shishito peppers, and deep friend soft shell crab, which is a special for now ( not listed on the menu you have to ask for it ). Portion sizes are always huge for me, but great for my big husband. Lol Mark, his wife, daughter, and other employees are great, always received great service from day one. I was hesitant to write this review, because I do wish them good, and busy revenue - since it's a smaller restaurant, I hope they do save us a spot for us haha. ;-) I honestly recommend this to everyone, and I do in person. Their katsu is always crispy, not too greasy, and always wanting you to come back for more! Thanks Mark for opening this spot. :-)
I have been eating at different Pho resturants since 1998.  You know that super thirst you get after eating a bowl of yummy Pho?  It's because of the MSGs.  The Spring Roll Factory doesn't use MSG so no super thirst or after taste.  The owner came and was explaining how he makes the broth everyday.  I will have to say that it is the best Pho place in all of Arizona.  I pretty much have discovered all the restaurants in the Valley....even the one up in Flagstaff, which isn't so great.
Super friendly staff, delicious food, fast service. What else could one ask for?  Can't wait to go back!
Super sweet family owners, quality pho and spring rolls. Had a beef pho, chicken pho, and grilled pork bowl for me, my wife and two young kids. All was very tasty. Very casual so great for the kids. Owner made me a green mussel on the house which was very good as well. Opened very recently, go check them out if you are in the area.
My wife and I had the pleasure of trying SRF today and tried the grilled Pork sandwich, Salad and egg rolls then Richard gave us two Mussels to try out and ALL OF IT WAS AMAZING! Very friendly staff and the food delicious while staying healthy. Please do not go to a greasy chain, you owe yourself to eat fresh healthy food! 
Can't wait to go back again!
I have probably been to 40+ Vietnamese restaurants in search of the ultimate bowl of soup. As far as the pho goes.. Spring Roll Factory landed right in the middle of the pack. I've had better. I've also had much worse. The menu here is a little dumbed down, and includes the basic Viet menu items which will appeal to the majority. The most important contributing factor in my own personal Pho Scoring system is the broth. This is where SRF excelled. The broth (beef pho) was mildly sweetened by anise, and charred ginger flavors. Then salty, and rich. Maybe a tad on the salty side.. but still very good. I prefer to spruce up my soup with salt and heat as necessary. Other contents of the soup were typical, minus the meatballs, which I would say were above average. Very flavorful. I would like for my sliced meat however, to be sliced thinner, and rare. I did have an issue with the spring rolls as well. I would love for them to include more basil, or cilantro, as they were on the bland side.. mainly consisting of shredded iceberg lettuce and cucumber. The complimentary egg rolls which I hear are gifted on your first visit made up for this though.. Get some of them!

The service was the best part of my experience here. Don't get me wrong! I enjoyed my meal.. but the woman (pretty sure the owner) who greeted me when I came in totally won me over as a customer. She was personable, and sincere. She seemed to be very happy, and explained to me some of their food preparation processes. She  really put out some good vibes, and this is why I gave 5 stars. For me, my experience with service at a restaurant weighs just as heavy as the food experience.

Spring Roll Factory is a new restaurant in a great area. They offer quality food at a reasonable price, with fantastic service. I am sure anyone else would say the same-
I've been hooked on Pho for 6 months now and have tried most of the Pho restaurants in Chandler. The Egg Roll Factory is one of the best, especially the service.  The owners and their staff are very nice and always make you fell welcome.

The Pho does not have MSG which is a plus.  I'm looking forward to trying some of their other menu items but everytime I get to the counter,  the only word that come out of my mouth is , I'd like the beef Pho please.

So support the Egg Roll Factory, wonderful folks....
I could hardly wait to get home and write this review. My wife asked if I wanted to go to this new place call Spring Roll Factory and I agreed thinking we were going for Chinese food.  As we are walking in she told me it was Vietnamise food. I was a little worried as I had never had Vietnamese food. As soon as we walked in the two owners greeted us and asked if it was our first time. They explained the menu and gave us some suggestions. We ordered a bowl of Pho, an order of pork spring rolls, and a rice plate with chicken. I loved the Pho! Very tasty noodle soup. The rice plate with chicken was great with the fish sauce and the spring rolls were pretty good. I like them with the peanut sauce better than the fish sauce.  We also got the free egg roll with the sweet and sour sauce and it was AWESOME, the sweet and sour sauce is FANTASTIC! We are definitely hooked and will be back.
Thanks to Richard for treating my mom and aunt and I so attentively. 
Bahn Mi sandwich tasted so clean and fresh. Next time I try the pork!
Spring rolls were delish, peanut sauce so so yum, i can eat it alone. 
Aunt Mary's pho bowl was ginormous, large delicious portion. Again the the freshness of the veggies really was grade A. 
My mom's noodle bowl with chicken report was "extremely addictive."
Thank you for the egg rolls on the side and the tasting menu. 
Good luck, see you when I return to CHANDLER!
We weren't sure what we wanted for dinner last night, just that we wanted something close by but good.  After using Yelp to locate this restaurant, we were pleasantly surprised to find something GREAT.

With the fresh ingredients and charming owners, authenticity was the name of the game here. My chicken pho and traditional shrimp spring rolls were amazing. And the owner, Richard, didn't even flinch when I rattled off my order but asked him to modify it because I'm so damn picky! It was easy there because everything was made to order. 

My husband, son and I will be a frequent and regular visitor to this wonderful eatery, and so should you.
Impeccable food and great casual place to eat. The owners and staff were very friendly.
OMG!! If you have not been here you need to go.  This place just opened & has a small specialized menu.  They owner is the chef & he knows his stuff.  This place is more than spring rolls; they have fantastic rice plates, PHO, sandwhiches & more.  Very clean, friendly, well priced & AMAZING food!  

Seriously, you need to visit this place.  Local business, local owner & fresh hand made food.
I don't know why, but it took me a while to find this place, it's 'kinda' hidden in the shopping center, I even had to call because I was ready to leave because I was that frustrated in finding it. It's right next to Bosa Doughnuts!

It's a pick-an-item-off-the-menu-board-and-they'll-bring-it-to-you-kind-of-place. I was hoping for a full restaurant experience, but the food and service definitely made up for it. The lady at the front was very friendly and was eager to help. I ordered the beef pho, spring rolls (for here) and pork sandwich (to go for the hubby).

The beef pho was extremely hot, plenty of meat, and the broth was perfectly spiced. I never had marinated/grilled meat inside of a vietnamese spring roll, but it was delicious. (Wondered why there was not peanut sauce, and only clear vinegar oil- but it was still good). There is a counter in which you can pick up utensils and condiments to your heart's content. Never seen a pho house do this. Very clean and well maintained.

The lady at the front came by to check on how I was doing, and she turns out to be the owner. Very nice and we got into a conversation about where she's from, and where I'm from... that is a family-run business. She explained how the menu is really condensed because they just want to focus on certain menu items. They don't want to have too many products, and to just have some simple, healthy and fresh items. In which I agree with, but saddened that flat thick noodles was not an ingredient they use.

Prices are very affordable, food and staff are great, which is why I'm sad they're not closer to home. : / AND they take credit cards. +1.
If you haven't tried this restaurant yet, you are missing out. Pho I amazing. Don't miss the spring rolls, rolled right in front of you. Fresh ingredients, perfectly prepared and excellent flavor. Clearly family owned with pride.  I am planning my next trip for the ban mi sandwich.
I felt compelled to finally write a yelp review because this place is just so good people need to know about it.  It's a little hard to find if you enter the shopping center from west most entrance which brings you in behind the place.  As another helpful reviewer mentioned , it's right next to Bosa Doughnuts.

Now for the actual review.  I love Pho, Vietnamese french bread sandwiches and Vietnamese style spring rolls.  Since I moved to Ahwatukee (working in SouthEast Tempe), I have been looking for a place that had this in more of a reasonably priced cafe/take-out type set up rather than more formal sit-down dining.  Now I have!

My first stop I got Pho Ga (Chicken) and Grilled Pork sandwich for dinner.  Both were so good I came back the next day for lunch, and while intending to try other items, I ordered both of these again.

This is the best Pho broth I have had.  It has amazing savory/fresh flavor without being too salty . Many Pho restaurants overdo the salt/msg so I leave most of the broth in the bowl.  Not the case at the Springroll Factory (when I shared my compliments they mentioned that they do not use MSG).  The chicken, noodles and veggies were all just right too.

The bbq pork is amazing too.  Excellent flavor, tender and served on a nice crusty bread like they are supposed to be.  I sample the bbq beef and it was just as good as the pork.

This is a small place with a few tables and the dine in experience is not fancy (which I generally prefer).  The service is excellent and friendly.

It's a basic menu (e.g. they stick to just two of the most popular Pho varieties - chicken and beef).  Rather than do a whole bunch of items they have fewer items done very well and at reasonable prices.

I have to get back soon and try the springrolls (which they make while you watch) as well as some of the other tasty looking items.
My husband and I visited because we have never eaten Vietnamese food before. The staff was amazing! We met the chef, had Beef Pho and Shrimp Spring Rolls, everything was delicious and fresh. We will definitely be back!
This place is legit. Very affordable. Mussels are incredible. Pork and chicken is very tasty. Pho and spring rolls are quality. The owner/cook and his wife are very friendly and will treat you right.
Wonderful food with a friendly staff.... If you have a craving for pho or spring rolls this place is perfect. Good prices too!
Great food and very nice people. The pho noodle soup is awesome! I recommend this place.
Best pho I have had...EVER. Top notch service and excellent value. I had the beef pho and the meat was fresh and tender. The broth was savoury with the perfect amount of unique spice. The spring rolls were so fresh and they don't use to much lettuce as filler. Five stars in every aspect.
1st time eating Vietnamese food. Very Good! Very friendly staff. The standard has been set. :)
My girlfriend and I have been to almost every Vietnamese restaurant in Tempe and surrounding areas and Spring Roll Factory is definitely one of the best around (if not THE best). As we walked in, the first thing I noticed was how clean the place was. The next thing was the extremely friendly owner who greeted us and took our order. 

As an appetizer, we decided on the Grilled Pork Spring Rolls and an order of the Egg Rolls. The spring rolls were served with the garlic fish sauce but we also asked for the peanut sauce as well. First off, the freshly wrapped spring rolls were perfect! The garlic fish sauce was just right without too much of the fishy taste/smell and the peanut sauce was also delicious. 

My girlfriend ordered Pho w/ Beef which came with a generous amount of meat, fresh veggies and phenomenal broth. This place is a definite must for Pho fans. 

I ordered the Noodle Plate (Bun) with Grilled Pork. The grilled pork here is by far the best I've had. Unlike other places that serve the extremely thin sliced pork, these pieces were a little thicker and extremely flavorful. The veggies included in the bowl were also fresh and crisp and the garlic fish sauce that goes on top makes it perfect.

Because everything sounded so good, we also ordered the Grilled Pork Sandwich to take home. We ate the sandwich about two hours later after getting home and it was delicious! I could only imagine it is that much better freshly served.

To top it all off, the owner was kind enough to give us a sample of his baked mussels. We are typically not a big fan of mussels but the owner puts his own twist on these perfectly cooked and seasoned mussels topped with sautéed green onions and crispy fried onions. If I were to have a rare craving of mussels, Spring Roll Factory will be my first stop.

COFFEE. Almost forgot the coffee. I just barely noticed their "Factory Iced Coffee" on the menu as we were about to walk out the front door so I had to give it a try... and I am glad I did! Just like everything else we had from here...the coffee was awesome. I'm no coffee connoisseur but the iced coffee had just the right amount of sweetness without killing the coffee taste like you get at the chain coffee shops (Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, etc.).

I couldn't recommend what to get because EVERYTHING was just too good. We will definitely be back here (very soon).
Had the summer spring rolls. If you are going to try some spring rolls here...those are the ones.
This place is great! I've been looking for a Vietnamese place near my work and today I found it! The spring rolls were delicious! The pho was awesome and the service was fabulous! I would definitely recommend trying this place. 

The only thing I would mention is that the noodles are different than what I am used to. I'm not a pho expert by any means and the noodles aren't bad just a little bit thicker.
spring roll was 85% ice berg lettuce, sucked. Bahn Mi was even worse, big long stalks of cilantro, dry semi hard pork. I made a huge mistake by not going to Lee's Sandwich.
Our first time there yesterday and the woman at the counter greeted us with a nice smile.  I absolutely love that it's close to our house and the food was above our standards.  At least here you get all of it,  great food for your pocket.  I never had outstanding customer service at a Vietnamese restaurant,   so that to is a plus.   The owner took time out to come over and introduce herself and talked to us about the concept of her food.  I thought that was very thoughtful of her.   We ordered beef pho,  pork banh mi,  Pork rice dish and 2 orders of goi cuon (spring rolls).  Everything was made to order and tasted very fresh.   

I recommend this place to everyone who loves Vietnamese food.  This place went above and beyond for the customers and our family is glad you came to our side of town. 

Keep up the wonderful job and we will see you soon SRF!!!
My favorite Vietnamese restaurant! I love it, my wife and kids love it. Spring rolls and Pho is on point. Non greasy, just right. Great affordable price. fun and easy place to bring the family. I love them so much that I am networking with them. Highly recommended. Oh yeah and the clams are like you never had them before.
Yep call me a SoCal vietnamese food snob... But this is probably some of the best pho in Phoenix since I've moved here! The owners are really down to earth and have great service... Even got a free egg roll! Definitely will be back to try the rest of their menu!
I am kind of surprised by all the 5 star reviews on here because I didn't think their pho was that impressive. It was good, but nothing amazing. I actually thought the broth was a little bland. I couldn't detect any of the spices I am used to (anise, cloves, ginger). I am not an expert on what is authentic by any means but I just thought it was somewhat tasteless. Noodles and meat were very good, though, so I still enjoyed it very much. We didn't try the spring rolls but I did get an egg roll and it was pretty tasty and came with a good sauce. The hubby got an order of the chicken wings. They were very meaty and cooked perfectly. But again they were pretty bland and had no seasoning whatsoever on them. I know in a Vietnamese place I wasn't expecting Buffalo sauce but they usually put some kind of spices or marinate them in a fish sauce or something like that.

The service was very friendly and welcoming. It is not a fancy place by any means but it was clean and decorated in a cute way. I am pretty loyal to pho da lat up the road and I didn't really taste anything at the Spring Roll Factory to make me switch but I think I would probably come again for takeout because they are cheaper and closer to my house.
Go to Spring Roll Factory now!  Trust me because I know you will want to race back to give it a 5 star review, too!  It is that good, absolutely amazing.

How good?  I grabbed a few rolls on a whim for lunch. They were so good, that same night I convinced the family we had to go back so I could try the Pho. My entire, VERY picky, family loved SRF!

The menu is simple, not the overwhelming choices you typically see.  This means SRF can maintain high quality while perfecting the dishes. 

When you enter, you'll be greeted by two of the nicest husband and wife restaurateurs you'll ever meet. This is a family owned business that takes great pride in the restaurant, the food and the overall experience.

On to the food. I must admit I'm a beef pho snob. For me, it is all about the broth. And SRF nails it with only fresh ingredients and NO MSG. The owner has a high mark for taste and freshness and does not compromise.  It really shows in the Pho.  Great portions of meat and noodles balanced with spring onions and garden-fresh goodies on the side.  My wife has never had a chicken pho she's really liked. SRF's chicken pho has her hooked.  

But don't stop there.  The spring rolls, created right before you for the freshest roll you'll ever eat, are perfect.  Light, delicious and healthy.  I can't think of a better food during the AZ summers.

The egg rolls are also very tasty.  I'm not a huge mussel fan, but the owner brought me one and I have to admit, they are FANTASTIC.  

I've hereby dub the owner, Richard, King of Pho.  All hail King Richard and his excellent culinary skills.
We have dined at this restaurant several times. The spring rolls are fresh, the pho is delicious, and we have even tried the chicken wings. All good stuff. The owners are very friendly and we are glad to have a good "hole-in-the-wall" place!
Had the beef Pho, serving size was definitely not the strong suit here.  Broth was ok, I think there are better restaurants out there, especially for the price.
Found this place on a whim. The pho beef soup is very refreshing and not so oily compared to other places. One of my favorites! My boyfriend can't stay away from the grilled pork. To top it off, the owners were extremely friendly.
So yummy! One of the staff was so friendly and helpful to my bf letting him taste samples and explained different menu items. The spring rolls are of course legit! Will return very soon and eat more! We tried one with vietnamese pork sausage. Mmmmm!
I thought I liked Vietnamese food but apparently not.  I still wanted to write a review because they were super friendly and helpful in our dinner choices and a new restaurant and for the Vietnamese lovers out there should give it a try. So they get a five star for friendliness. 

Enjoy!
Nicest owners!  Let me try samples and offered menu suggestions. Could not have been more hospitable. Food was excellent!  Would definitely recommend and go back again.
Being from California, I know what authentic Vietnamese food tastes like. The owners are beyond friendly BUT most importantly, the food is tasty! The pho portion is a pretty large portion! Try out the grilled pork spring rolls! Those are excellent! If you're in the mood for noodles get the noodles with grilled pork and add egg rolls. You won't be disappointed! Hope this helps!
Though the food tasted good the pricing compared to the quantity is not worth it.. I watched her put only one piece of chicken mind you this is the same size one piece of chicken she gives away as a sample for a five dollar order of spring rolls. The rice plate is the same thing the portion of meat is very very frugle she tries to layer it over the rice but it's appeal just makes it look desperate
I really can't rate anything except the Pho, but that's because I can't get past the pho!  I too was introduced to Pho about 6 months ago.  Since then I've tried 3 different restaurants for pho.  I was craving it one night when my son reminded me that there was a new place around the corner.  I went over and ordered the Chicken Pho to go.  I mentioned to the gentleman at the counter (also the owner) that I hadn't tried their restaurant before.  Before I could blink, I had a small plate or grilled pork and chicken to try.  The chicken was nice and tender, but the pork was amazing!  One of these days I will actually order a spring roll!  

The best part about this restaurant is the owners. I brought my parents in, whom I had recently introduced to Vietnamese food (specifically pho) and told the owner that this was their first time there.  He immediately offered to let my dad try the chicken and pork, but my dad was already set on the pork, so he had the Pork rice plate - Thit Nuong.  This was as good as he's had and loves the jasmine rice!  My mom had the noodle plate, with chicken. She liked it, but after seeing my pho she wished she ordered that!

Back to the owners quickly.  The owners are husband and wife. After the wife was done cooking, she came out to speak with us, make sure we were happy and to explain a little bit of her recipes.  She had said she hoped to have a restaurant where you felt like you were with family.  I think she's well on her way to that!  I am in there at least once a week, or I send my son in.  She now knows us by name, and asks every time how we are doing!  It's a great place!!
Delicious! First time trying and I really can't rave enough. The owner is genuinely nice and takes pride in his fresh food, which you can taste. We had beef pho, eggs rolls(droooool) and chicken sandwich.....BOMB!!! We got to taste some pork and chicken while we waited. This place is so worth a visit, everything about it is amazing
Great food and service. A must-go destination if you are in town. The tilapia roll and the sauces are highly recommended!
I am becoming an official regular here! I love the small menu because the items are so specialized. The beef and chicken pho are both yummy with flavorful broth. The Summer Spring rolls are so delicious that I crave them! Tonight I went for the pork and noodles...might be my favorite so far. The pork was so flavorful and cooked just so - it took me right back to the street food in Hoi An. You have to top it all off with the Vietnamese coffee! The family that owns and operates this location are simply some of the sweetest people in Chandler. Love them!
Food is great and customer service is exceptional. I've tried pretty much everything on the menu and the only thing that needs a little more flavor is the dipping sauce for the spring rolls, but other than that everything is great!
Wish I'd discovered this place before now!

The beef pho was delicately flavored and delicious; you could literally taste the care that went into it. The owner assured me that he made it the old-fashioned way, with hours and hours of simmering. I could have used a touch more basil on the side but that's only a personal taste. 

The grilled pork spring rolls were not only gorgeous but flavorful and very fresh. The garlic-fish sauce that came with it was just warm enough to add a burst of heat to the subtle flavors. 

I'll definitely be back. Recommended.
Came in here after in came highly recommended from a friend. Their pho is amazing. Definitely trying the sandwich next time!
wonderful service and the food is amazing.  I had to try the spring rolls.  Wonderful !
I tried the rice plate with grilled pork and tasted the pot stickers.  All where great !  Must try
Tried out this place as it's close to work. The inside is nice and clean. Ordering was a breeze as the menu is quite simple.

Ordered the dry vermicelli with beef. The noodles were cooked well however the beef was overcooked and too chewy. The portion size was not very large especially given the price of the meal. Normally at other restaurants if you order without vegetables (the bed of veggies on the bottom of the dish), they tend to give you more noodles. However it was not the case here.

Overall, it was too pricey for what you get and the flavor was lacking. Will likely not return.
Food is great, I've only had the beef pho and spring rolls. My only complaint is the portion compared to the price. Pho da lat is not as good but you get more for your money.
This is the best Pho I've found in Arizona.. And the customer service is exceptional! I highly recommend this hidden treasure. :)
I can only describe this place in one word. Awesome. Here are 3 reasons why you should stop reading the reviews and just go already.

 1.) Interior: This restaurant is a small but very clean establishment with very fresh and easy on the eyes decor unlike many restaurants where they tend to have a very gaudy stereotypical interior. Its nice and clean with everything nicely organized. Another plus is that you can see your yummy food being made and keep an eye on its progress as you wait. No mystery food here!

2.) Customer Service: As soon as you walk in you are greeted. I have been greeted by one of the owners everytime I have been here and they have always been super friendly. Everyone who works here is very diligent in making your experience here the very best it can be. If you are new there and you say you are. they will always give you a big "Welcome" and explain everything very clearly to you so there is no confusion in the menu.

3.) Food: This is one the main reason why people go to restaurants. They go for delcious food. As much as I love the customer service and the interior, without the quality of the food I would not come here. Their menu may not be as expansive as some other restaurants,  however, they do what they do to a "T". All the spring rolls are made to order, the broth for the pho is always traditionally made, and the meat freshly cooked daily. They don't skimp on the quality of the food nor the effort. I have never gone home unsatisfied with anything on the menu. 

This restaurant is worth the time to visit. It is also worth every cent you pay for. If you want a delcious meal with awesome customer service at a clean establishment go forth and enjoy the treasures waiting for you there.
Recently relocated from Los Angeles and seeking the comfort of some Pho in our new town.  We were so very happy to find this gem! A great menu concept that keeps decision making very simple. My husband got the pho with chicken and I got the noodles with pork with a side order of egg rolls. All perfectly prepared, fresh and high quality ingredients. We will be back to try the Bahn mi which I expect will be equally as yummy! Like others have said, the husband and wife owners were beyond charming and attentive.  Tasty food with great service.... You can't go wrong!
A little gem in Chandler, AZ! One great mom and pop Vietnamese restaurant,  ready to delight you with their Pho, fresh rolls, sandwiches,  iced coffee (mmm... the best, eat your heart out, St____cks) and much more. I had Pho, which was very good,  another day I had a pork sandwich and their chicken (marinated in lemon grass) is to die for. The atmosphere is also delightful, both owners are in the premises, cooking and being very friendly with the customers. I love supporting mom and pop restaurants and this little gem needs support.
Awesome Vietnamese food! I never had Vietnamese food before. It was delicious! ! Great flavors and spectacular hospitality from the owner Richard. You have to try the Pho soup and Spring Rolls, Potstickers and Chicken sandwich. The Chicken sandwich was the bomb. It has marinated vinaigrette vegetables with chicken. The flavors of the chicken and vegetables are just so compatible with each other. There is a surprising crunch that will make your mouth water for more.
Well.......I really wanted to give this place a one star since I know the owner Richard......hahaha. My buddy did his place perfectly. He has me addicted to the beef Pho and pretty much everything else on the menu. Great hospitality and very good fresh food! A must try for everyone even if you never have tried Vietnamese food. Great flavors. The spring rolls, potstickers, chicken sandwich and Pho are amazing! We will be regulars here. He needs to expand his business to a bigger building soon since they are very popular.
Great food, great prices, great family restaurant!  Everything on the menu is delicious!
Great place for a quick and healthy lunch. I have had their spring rolls since that appears to be their specialty. They have all been delicious. 

The staff have been very friendly and efficient and the dining area is cosy for lunch with family or small group of friends or co-workers.
Great service and great food! I ordered the egg rolls and the beef pho and the broth for the pho was probably the best I've ever had, hands down. The food tasted so fresh and it's nice knowing they don't use MSG. The staff was genuinely friendly and attentive to their customers. I will definitely be back!
Love this place! It's a very small hole in the wall next to the donut place, but it's always clean and the owners are incredibly friendly. I was hesitant on my first visit because I've never been to a pho restaurant that only gives two options (chicken or beef), but based on the reviews I decided to take a chance. I personally love the beef pho, the summer roll, and the iced coffee. My only complaint is that this place isn't closer to me!
The Spring Roll Factory is about five minutes from my house which is proving to be a big problem. I say that it's a problem because their food is so delicious and far too assessable . I have not tried the pho yet only because the temperatures outside are too hot but their Banh Mi sandwiches are spectacular! The bread is perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, the bread to filling ratio is spot on. Ive had other Banh Mi sandwiches and there is always too much bread and not enough delicious vegetables.  Do yourself a favor and stop into the Spring roll Factory and support local business! 

Tip- ask for extra veggies :)
Traditinoal
Food is amazing and I got a great recommendation for a sandwich. Super polite and food is extremely fresh! I will be going back again and again!!!
Spring roll factory is the first fast casual Vietnamese Restaurant I've been to in Arizona. The concept reminds me of Chipotle. Their menu is very small and a lot of the same ingredients can be made in different ways depending on your preference: spring roll, rice bowl, sandwich, or noodle bowl. The concept is nice especially if you're in the mood for something fresh, quick and easy without being overwhelmed with too many choices. The food is also very good. I've had the pork sandwich, the fish spring rolls and the mussels. Everything is made to order. All of the dishes I've tried so far have been great, but my favorite item on the menu has to be the Iced Coffee. In my opinion, it's just as good, if not better than Lee's iced coffee. As if the food and coffee weren't enough, the owners of this restaurant are so kind and welcoming. You won't regret giving them your business.
This restaurant is absolutely amazing!! The food is fantastic and they have an excellent beer and  wine selection. The atmosphere is fun and the staff is friendly and extremely helpful. I'm going to recommend Cornish Pasty Co. to everyone I know.
The food here is excellent! I was surprised at how many different types of pastys they offered, I got the pesto chicken and it was delicious! The crust was perfect, and the filling was generous. My daughter got the rosemary steak pasty and she loved it! The staff was very friendly and attentive. They also have a very big selection of beers...I will definitely be back to the Cornish Pasty Co!
So happy this place now open! I know I would never get sick of the menu.. The Reuben is my favorite! Great ambiance and love the music.. Has a unique beer selection too! Bring anyone, any age, there's something they'll love offered ;)
My favorite place!! Good food. Good drinks and good people. My husband loves the Mexican pasty. I always love the side dishes. There homemade baked bread is to die for. So yummy. I also love there regular oven chips, broccoli and cauliflower bake, mushy peas w/ a side of sour cream. There side salads with pesto dressing is delicious. I always save room for their Banoffee pie. It's the best dessert ever. They slice fresh banana on top. I was also told you can ask for fresh strawberries too. Defiantly going to try that next time. Do yourself a favor Vegas and go check this tasty place out. You won't be sorry.
The food is amazing! Ask any of the staff for their favorites and you won't be let down. They also have lots of vegetarian choices and even some vegan ones! The draught beer selection is tops and the bottled beer is awesome too! As a bonus in my book... There are no TV's or gaming to distract you. This is a great place to meet with friends and have an actual conversation to catch up over savory and original food. Save room for dessert. I highly suggest the STP or Banoffe Pie.
Good stuff! Friendly, bright staff, owners on site in a nicely redone space next to Komol at Commercial Center. Great center bar surrounded by custom made benches. Very nicely done old school pub feel with great bluesy rock tracks played in the background  at a decent volume. We sampled all four soups made in house, and recommend them all. Comes with housemade bread and butter too. The pasty choices are numerous and we couldn't decide, so we started at the top with the original Oggie. Steak, potato and rutabaga in a pastry crust baled to perfection with a red wine sauce that pops nicely. One cup of soup and one pasty shared between us and we didn't have room for dessert. Total 12.97 - just try to beat that.
Just went today with a few friends to have everyone try what I've been raving about since I've been to the location in az. This venue did not disappoint. Good service. Very friendly. The food was as delicious as I could remember. I had the Mexican. That is by far my favorite. If you have space after, the banofee pie is delicious. Definitely a must try if you're in Vegas.
I made a mistake. I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty. It was phenomenal! They have such a large menu of choices that I would have liked to try a bunch-but I can't image any others tasting better! YUM! It seems to be all ages (restaurant, non-smoking). Their is a beer and wine bar in the middle. Great place I will be coming here often! Most Pasties average $9.00 each, and they are filling! Wine is $6.50 a glass and Draft Beers are about $5.00 and up depending on brand and size.
A friend gave me a heads up on this this place and we dropped in for a late lunch to check it out.  We ordered beers and then I had the Oggie pasty and the wife had the Shepard's Pie.  When we saw our dishes we planned to eat half each and take the other half home for supper but once we got started we knew we were going all in.  Both dishes were simply excellent.  We added some strawberry/kiwi thing for dessert to finish it up.  

Great food, fair pricing, hip interior, and our server was attentive, professional, and knowledgable about the food.  Well done.

Bonus:  We are Vegas locals and the quirky location and understated exterior make this a perfect place to take out-of-town guests, who tend to love off-Strip spots like this.  We will be back.
This place is great!! We've been waiting for months for it to open (that sign being out front for so long has been the biggest tease!). It was totally worth the wait. We went in around dinnertime yesterday evening, and there were several super personable guys working.

We got a couple of draught beers (they've got some great craft selections, & a few are local) and chose the Oggie and the Royale with Cheese (tee hee!) pasties. The red wine gravy is SO good, and their ranch is also better than most ranches (it's gotta have buttermilk in it). The pasties themselves are enormous, at least for me, since I can't eat a ton in one sitting. I took half of mine (the Royale) home, while my dude scarfed his in its entirety.

The joint itself isn't big, but feels homey, and slightly hipster, which works for it in this case and isn't annoying or detracting. (Man, there was a lot of flannel being worn in there, too!) Kind of feels like a place you'd find in Portland. Oh, and if one of the guys behind the bar looks familiar, you've probably seen him checking IDs at Atomic. :)

Summary: Hip, casual, comfortable, friendly, and delicious!
Having just moved here from Phoenix, AZ my Husband and I were SO excited to see that Cornish Pasty was coming to Las Vegas. So we finally decided to stop by last night.
I had a very fleeting thought that "What if it wasn't as good as the Tempe location? Oh no!" But those fears were instantly diminished upon entering the establishment. The staff was very, very friendly. The dark lighting and the bar style seating with simple wood benches for the tables is pretty similar to that of Tempe. I felt like I was home again. 
As for the food, it was just simply amazing as always. I have never gone to a Cornish Pasty location and been disappointed. 
I ordered my favorite the Lovely bit of Salmon, it is served with a dill sauce on the side. The pasty itself is just great, but combined with the dill sauce is an experience. 
My husband ordered his favorite the Royal with Cheese and upon taking the first bite his eyes lit up like a little kids. (he always orders this with a couple sides of the red wine gravy although it does not come with it)
We actually ordered to go and ate the pastes in bed, lol. 
You just really cannot go wrong ordering anything off of the menu here. They have a great list of draft and bottled beers as well. 
So excited to see this establishment expanding!
I had eaten at the Cornish in Tempe az, so I couldn't wait for this to open! I strongly recommend this place. Will not disappoint!
I haven't had a pasty since I lived in the East.  I used to buy them from churches that had sales and sometimes I made my own.  Let me say that none of the purchased nor homemade were as good as the ones I bought today.

I was in the area--deliberately--today and I stopped and asked about whether it would be OK to purchase a part baked pasty at 1 and leave it in the refrigerator until late in the afternoon and then bake it.  No problem, I was told.  A couple of hours later, after my Chinese New Year photo op was complete, I came back and got two Oggies, part baked, to bring home.  

While waiting, my order taker, Alexis, asked if I wanted water or something else.  I got a diet Coke.  Before I knew it, she was back with a nice little bag with the wrapped pasties ready to go.  The Oggie has small steak chunks, thinly sliced potatoes, rutabaga, and onion all wrapped in this wonderful pastry.  I saw them put a tray of pasties into the oven and I wish I had been where I could have gotten a photo.

There was a miscommunication or simple forgetfulness, but I didn't get any red wine gravy with the pasties.  I asked about that before I Ieft, one of the men at the bar said that it would be in there--pointing to my bag.  Were it not for that small slip, I would have given Cornish Pasty a full 5 stars.  Regardless, the pasty was fantastic!  It was wrapped beautifully and the baking directions were on the wrapper where I couldn't miss it.

Since this is in the Sahara Commercial Center, I have a feeling I'll be stopping here for some pasties before shows at the Onyx Theatre nearby.  It's also a quick meal to make on those days when you don't want to slave over the hot stove.  Also, you can get ANY pasty part baked, not just the Oggie!

What a great find!  Thank you fellow Yelpers for cluing me into this new place!
Before coming here I had no idea what a pasty was. After going I cannot stop talking about them! The food is amazing and the service was just as great! Thank you Felipe for taking such good care of us on opening night. 

First off, what in the world is a pasty? For someone as ignorant as myself in the foodie world it is a FANCY A$$ HOT POCKET. I know. You are having thoughts of how disgusting a food hot pockets are. They are. However, a pasty is so much more. First and foremost it is super filling. I really could have just eaten half and taken the rest home for lunch the next day, but I literally COULD NOT STOP EATING IT! I tried to stop. Then my craving got worse. I started taking parts of pasties from the other guests at my table. Second, it is filled with quality ingredients. Whether it be peppered steak bits of chicken and artichokes, these fillings are amazingly put together and perfectly seasoned. Third, NO MICROWAVES! They are baked goodness that comes from the heavens. 

What did I have to make me crumble at the knees like this? Well my little heart broke opening night since I wanted to try the Oggie (the traditional pasty) which includes steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) With a side of red wine gravy or ketchup. We did come pretty late so I had to make a decision fast. I opted for the Pesto Chicken. Marinated chicken breast, mushrooms, artichokes, fresh mozzarella and pesto with a side of marinara came to the table. All of this wrapped up neatly in a flaky outer crust. I don't even know how to begin because it was all a blur after that. I devoured this thing. There was very little talking at our table as we were all busy consuming our pasties as well as protecting them from each other. 

For dessert we all (four of us) shared a Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding. It was plenty enough after our dinner. It is a square of homemade bread baked in chocolate brandy sauce. We had it with a side of ice cream The crunchy outside perfectly complimented the hot and soft center. 

All in all it was a total success. The prices are amazing for the quality and love that goes into preparing the food. I simply cannot wait to go again.
After seeing a sign on the door for what felt like three years, Cornish Pasty is finally open and ready for business.  And the best news?  They have tons of vegetarian options!

Located in the same plaza as Thai staples Komol and Lotus of Siam, Cornish Pasty is a smaller space but cozy and inviting.  Think of it as a local pub with lots of good food.

Speaking of food, we ate a ton of it.  I started off with the Cream of Leek, Potato, and Stilton soup (fyi: this is vegetarian/no chicken stock).  The cup is a good portion, and served with two large pieces of homemade bread and homemade butter.  It's a steal for $3.50.  Although I really enjoyed it, the Stilton cheese it might make the soup a little salty for some people.  As for the pasties, I wanted something more traditional and ordered the Cheese and Onion.  It tasted great and everything was cooked well, but I couldn't bring myself to use the ketchup or marina that came with it.  My husband had the Veggie Chicken Tikka Masala and his was really good as well.  There was a nice blend of spices and it came with a side of mint-yogurt dressing that we both enjoyed.  

Cornish Pasty also offers a decent beer selection and a 14-oz will set you back $6. 

I loved the atmosphere here and all the employees were laid-back and friendly.  Cornish Pasty would even make a good spot just to grab a few drinks for an evening.  I can't speak for the authenticity of the food (which is questionable considering they offer a Mexican pasty), but I do know that I enjoyed what I ordered. The pasties are large and filling so make sure to bring your appetite!

Note to Vegetarians: They use Quorn in about half of their veggie pasties.  While being a popular meat-alternative in the UK, this was the first time my husband and I have ever had it.  I found it to be pretty much the same as most other faux-meats.  I'm sure they could leave it out of the pasties if you asked them.

Note to Vegans: According to their menu, they offer at least two vegan pasties daily.  

Note to Omnivores: If my vegetarian pasties tasted awesome, you have nothing to worry about.  And may I suggest trying a vegetarian pasty?
SO MUCH YUM! I almost wish this place wasn't so close to my work and so good because now I'm tempted to go there often! Girls working were super friendly and again... the food was AMAZING. Hope to see more locations open up in Vegas.
Food to make any Rennie swoon with delight. There is a great mixture of the exotic and traditional in pasty form. I went traditional with the Cottage with ground beef; it also comes in a lamb and mint variation. The end all and be all of any meat pie (or any pie for that matter) is the crust. Cornish Pasty Co. nails it. Light and flaky but sturdy enough to make my pasty an acutal hand held wonder. Flavorful and filling. Loved the red wine gravy that accompanied my pasty. I'm not usually a gravy/sauce type person; however, the red wine gravy was a great accent to my meaty/potato-y goodness...and it still worked as a hand held food. (I just drizzled my gravy over the bite I was about to take.)

You have to try the mushroom, walnut, spinach soup. Absolutely awesome. I know, as adventuresome as I am, the walnuts threw me for a loop. I shouldn't have worried at all. The walnuts gave a nice crunch to my mushroom soup without detracting from the mushroom flavor. I know the spinach was there because of the color but again, no distortion of taste to the mushroom. The soups are touted as being made from scratch, I believe them. Yummy, hot, and partnered with two slices of chewy soft bread. Oh, so good. 

I can't wait to make a return trip. So many pastys to try, not to mention some very interesting desserts. Also, a nice line up of Vegetarian and Vegan pastys are available. An absolute great perk? Cornish Pasty Co. is easy on the budget. My tab, along with a refreshing glass of Crispin's Cider under $20. Definitely doable.
I've never had a pasty before, but some friends took me here.

Walking in, the place has a certain cozy charm. It is pretty small, a bar in the center with tables around the outside.

So a pasty is like a calzone or an empanada, basically just a meat pie. The ones here are pretty big and filling.

I ordered the lamb vindaloo, because that sounded good and spicy. I found it to have good flavor, and it was well prepared, looking very appetizing.

However, it was so large that by the end of it I was pretty sick of it. If you want to try out any of the more exotic pasties I would recommend going with a friend and each of you tries half of one.

I also had oven baked fries topped with jalapenos, and they were pretty good.

Noticed that they had a few soups on the menu that all sounded good, but I had already ordered a pretty big meal so I didn't get to try.

I am sure I will be back to this place.
This place is awesome!  If you've never had a pasty, think of it as a huge empanada.  If you've never had an empanada, think of it as the biggest and best gourmet hot pocket ever...and maybe think about trying some new restaurants :)

Choices, choices, choices!!  So many fillings to try.  My wife got the Veggie Chicken Tikka Masala.  Their faux meat of choice is a British brand called Quorn.  It's not as firm as Gardein but blended really well with the curried sauce, potatoes, peppers and had great texture.  I got the Veggie Cottage Pie (Quorn vegetarian ground beef, peas, carrots, grilled onions, mashed potatoes and cheddar. With a side of HP sauce.) that really hit the spot as it was savory and just got better bite after bite.  We also got to see the guys make a set of pasties by the bar and it looked as homemade as you could get.  

I'd say this would be an ideal place for lunch but you'd be seriously missing out on one major thing...their beer list!!  That is unless you can get away with being buzzed and having beer breath at work.  If that's the case, please PM me your work address so I can apply.  There are a ton of great beers from Joseph James to Chimay to a lot of British brands I have never heard of.  I got a beer that tasted like banana bread.  The bartender told me he didn't like it, my wife hated it, I loved it!!!

Then there's the whole atmosphere...really cool!  No video poker at the bar.  No TV anywhere!  The Cure and Sex Pistols blaring from the speakers.  Very refreshing!  

Check out the menu: http://www.cornishpastyco.com/menu/
Came here with my friend after an event, and still kind of hungry. Located in the center of the commercial center area, next to the Tokyo Japanese Restaurant. 

Apparently this place is super popular in AZ and since it opened in Vegas, we decided to try it

The interior decor is like a normal bar, dark with the bar in the middle, tables surrounding except with an open-style kitchen. The seats are the unusual thing. its like.. formed to your butt. well at least mine anyway... apparently it was uncomfortable for my friends (small) XD

Since we weren't really hungry, and the waiter said each of these pasties were dense and weighed like a pound each, we opted to get 1, and share. Then dessert afterwards (as per recommendation on yelp xD) Since this was our first time, we ordered "The Oggie" which was their traditional pasty, which had steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (type of turnip), with a side of red wine gravy. 

When the pasty came, it was already split in half, on two plates (+1!). I tried picking up my half.. indeed it is heavy and pretty dense. but the pastry crust looks sooooo good !  the inside was filled with the ingredients i had listed before... there was a LOT of potatoes, and not that much steak in my half. The red wine gravy was nice, a little sour like you'd expect from a sauce reduction made with red wine. The crust was super good and flaky. not too buttery. For me, i would have preferred the filling to be a little more seasoned. Seemed a little plain for me, even drenching it in the red wine gravy. 

As for dessert, we had got the Banoffee subbing the bananas for strawberries (my friend doesnt like bananas). Its a very simple dessert, made with a sugarless heavy whipped cream, cut fruit, a crushed graham cracker crust on the bottom, and a homemade caramel. Not being a fan of caramel, but this was actually surprisingly good. Since its a different type of caramel, it wasnt sticky, like sticky to the teeth or roof of your mouth. Took my head quite a while to wrap around the concept... simplicity and different, but good. My friend thoroughly enjoyed it, after slightly struggling to finish her half of the pasty. For those who want to try something different, i recommend trying this. quite inexpensive too. $5? good to share with. 

Overall, not bad. I'd like to come back and try their other pasties. Something with a stronger flavor like bangers or spicy asiago chicken or the reuben.. *stomach rumbles while finishing this...) dang if only it wasnt so far ! XD
We saw this restaurant a few nights ago while eating at a Thai place next door. We wondered what it was. We were at a convention and I ran into a friend from Arizona that recommended it, especially when he heard we had a vegetarian in our group. It was an excellent recommendation.

I had a hard time deciding which item to order since it all looked so good. I ended up ordering an Italian, chips, and the leek soup. The leek soup was absolutely perfect. I know when I go home,I'll crave this. Alas, I live thousands of miles away. The Italian pasty great,  but not as good as the soup. The whole meal was good and l liked the atmosphere.

It seemed like a very cool place and I'm glad we found it. This place is definitely worth trying. The vegetarian options were plentiful and were very tempting.
This place is really good! The pasty's are amazing....especially the Carne Adovada.  The staff is cool....seats are wack! Try the Shirley Temple dessert if you have room!
had the cajun chicken pasty..so delish! great place to eat!
Very, VERY solid addition to Eastern Las Vegas.  It's blowing up on yelp, and I can see why.  First of all, if you haven't ever had a pasty, get over here.  They are large pocket sandwiches stuffed with all kinds of ingredients.  They are large and they are FILLING.  

I had lunch at CPC on a Monday.  The place wasn't crowded at all, but a couple of tables came in after I sat down.  It has a nice combo of 2 top tables and large booths, plus about 16 seats at the bar.  I had the meat and cheese, which is pork/sage sausage with swiss and cheddar cheeses.  At $9.00, this is a great value considering the ingredients and size of the meal.  The crust was buttery and flaky and browned perfectly.  They clearly have the cooking of these things down.  The pasty was full, no bite was without meat and cheese.  The cheese was melty and the sausage was juicy.  It was a winner without sauces, but they offer you sauces!  I couldn't decide, so my server gave me both the cream mustard and the red wine gravy.  I liked both, but the mustard was the winner.  It was like a milder Dijon, and added so much to the sandwich.  I think the gravy needed to reduce a bit more to make it thicker and cook out a little more of the red wine flavor.

I got the side of garlic mashed potatoes with cheddar cheese.  I thought this was a normal sized side dish, and I was mistaken.  It was easily enough for 2, probably 3.  I liked the potatoes, they were as advertised:  garlic, potatoes, and cheese.  Simple and quality.  

I got the wife the rosemary steak and oven fries to go.  Fortunately, when she ate, I got bites of both dishes.  The rosemary steak was again packed full of ingredients.  I may be mistaken, but I think it was even larger than the one I ate, which was huge.  The rosemary and potatoes make the pasty fantastic, it's basically a meal in and of itself.  The oven fries were long and crisp, simply seasoned with salt and pepper.  This is another large side dish, easily shareable.  The dishes I took to go were hot and fresh when my wife ate, no loss of quality.

Overall, this is a cool joint.  Friendly service, and the food was great.  Good addition to Vegas.
Really good food and very authentic. The Oggie pasty was amazing loved that it had rutabaga/suede. They have so many flavors will def be returning. The oven chips and leek and Stilton soup are def worth a return trip for. Service was excellent and very helpful esp with beer menu as there were many I've never heard of or tried..Crabbies ginger beer was a great find I'm going to be buying some for my fridge ASAP. Ask for Maddie she was great :)!
I had no idea what a "pastie" was prior to eating here but my wife saw this place and immediately exclaimed that we had to go here, I have to say I am so glad we did! The food is so fresh and delicious! Who knew that a little pocket sandwich could have so much flavor! And their soups are amazing! I had the Potato leak soup as a starter and opted for just a cup full but I could have easily eaten 2 bowls in one sitting! Everything here just tastes amazingly fresh! For dinner I got the chicken pot pie pastie and my wife got the Shepard pie and wow was it good. Besides the food the servers were so nice and friendly and atmosphere in the establishment is so cozy, the place is dimly lit to give it that warm feeling that pairs well with the food! I highly recommend this place and I will definitely return!
Cornish Pasty Co. is fantastic -I'm giving the long story short here. Driving into the old strip mall was fun unto itself. Took a left instead of a right, and ended up driving past The Green Door. " Ummmm...?? Where are we?!" Lol! 

We came in on a Sunday night and sat down right away. I noticed the bigger tables benches were actually church pews. We ordered beers all around and took a look at the menu. My English hubby was very excited to try this place obviously, so he took longest on deciding what he wanted. We ordered a vegetarian Greek, an Oggie, a Pilgrim, a Bangers & Mash, a Lamb Vindaloo, a side of mushy peas, and some oven chips. Tried their banoffee pie and the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. Everyone was very happy with their choices; so without boring you with wordy descriptions, you basically can't go wrong here! I took half my dinner home as I was so full. The desserts were ok, I'd likely pass next time. 

We're looking forward to coming back to try more things, as well as taking English friends and family when they're in town.  

**Moment of caution on the lamb vindaloo... Its tasty, a tad spicy, and you'll smell the curry from your pores the day after. I went running this morning, and was confused as to why I was smelling curry....?  Haha!
I downloaded the yelp app just for this place. I'm already a fan and can't wait to come back. I enjoy eating vegan dishes when I'm dining out and I was pleasantly surprised that they had vegan options even though I didn't expect it at all. There's something for everyone.. Greek pasty's, Italian styled pasty's, Indian, traditional, and even vegan and vegetarian pasty options. 

I got the peanut butter and jelly to go.. I'm pretty excited about that one too. Two thumbs up.
I am upping my review to 5 stars.  I recently made my second stop here and got pasties for 2 dinners.  We had some that night and I froze the other two for a later day--today in fact--when I needed to have a good dinner done quickly.

After volunteering for the National Park Service for 10 hours today, I came home tired and hungry.  I had taken the pasties out of the freezer, they were thawed, and in 20 minutes, I had a good dinner for the two of us.

We have now tried the Oggie, a Cottage Pie, a chicken Alfredo, and a peppered steak.  Tonight's peppered steak had sirloin pieces, leeks, zucchini, and Stilton cheese.  The sauce was excellent.  My wife enjoyed her chicken Alfredo.

The staff was super when I was there and I know this place will be on my stopping list often!
I grew up in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Pasties were a once-a-week meal for me my entire childhood - specifically the Oggie-style pastie (with ketchup). The Cornish Pasty Co. version of the Oggie is spot on, and better than the dozens that I get FedEx'd to my house over the holidays. The par-baked $6 version of the Oggie that they sell is very appealing. I will be buying them by the dozen - and locally - this is fantastic!

Thank the food Gods for the Cornish Pasty Co. 
Great execution and made with love. Beautiful egg-brushed crust, and the perfect thickness with quality ingredients. Keep it up guys!
Great find. Tucked away in Commercial Center. The interior is quiet and comfortable. Major bonus points for having no TV's blaring. This is a place to have a real conversation over lunch and a beer. The service was super. They were very attentive.
First off, let me tell you how to find this place. Their address says they are off of East Sahara, but I ended up turning on to Commercial Center Drive on my right going east coming from Las Vegas Blvd. If you hit Maryland Parkway, you have gone too far. They are in the same plaza as The Green Door, Lotus of Siam, and Komol, which is right next to them.

Now that you have found the place, you still kind of have to do a double take when you get to the entrance for there are no indications on the doors themselves. All you can go by is their Cornish Pasty sign at the top of the building.

Now, what is a pasty you ask? According to Wickipedia:
A pasty (/pæsti/, Cornish: Hogen; Pasti), (sometimes known in the United States as a pastie or British pasty)[1] is a baked pastry, a traditional variety of which is particularly associated with Cornwall, the westernmost county in England. It is made by placing uncooked filling typically of meat and vegetables, without meat in vegetarian versions, on a flat pastry circle and folding it to wrap the filling, crimping the edge to form a seal. After baking, the result is a raised semicircular food item.

So now that you know what the technical term is, let me tell you my version, or should I say my good Yelp buddy Chris "Downtown Chris" R's version is. Basically, its a gourmet hot pocket, but a hundred times better. Mainly because when you order it, it is made from scratch. When you take that first bite, it's obvious that it did not come from a freezer straight into the microwave. Some people compare it to an empanada. Some think its similar to a chicken pot pie. Whatever you hear, let your own taste buds tell you the truth.

When you first enter the establishment, just the magnificent odor herbs and garlic emanating from the kitchen will tell you that they are whipping up something extraordinary in the kitchen. You have a bar in the middle and you have some pretty good sized tables and benches to comfortably seat your party. The lighting is bit low which could be a good thing for you lovebirds on a first time date or otherwise.

As you check out the menu, you will find that just about every option is mouthwatering. With me, I finally went with the Mexican (8.50). It is Mexican-spiced and simmered steak strips, potatoes, eggs, jalapenos and cheddar. Comes with a side of sour cream and salsa. I also opted for a side of Garlic Mashed Potatoes with Cheese (3.50).

Since me and the wifey were sharing, we were thinking this was enough food. We were wrong. It was more than enough. The Mexican Pasty we ordered was basically a giant hot pocket cut in half. The Garlic Mashed Potatoes came in a medium sized casserole type of bowl with plenty of melted cheese on top of it. This could of been a meal in itself. Needless to say, we had plenty of it left because we were saving room for dessert because my wifey has a sweet tooth.

Again, looking at the dessert menu we were confounded with the delectable options we were gonna have to decide to get. So we ended up getting the Peanut Butter and Jelly Pasty (6.00). This concoction has peanut butter, bananas and raspberry jelly whipped cream and raspberry sauce. Comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The best way I can describe this item is that it's like a deep fried peanut butter jelly and banana sandwich topped off with raspberry sauce. Instead of milk you have it in the form of a scoop of vanilla ice cream to wash it down. This was a nice sized item as well and we could only eat half of it. I know my wife was happy for she had something good for lunch the next day.

Service was excellent. Our beverages were constantly filled, food came out in a timely manner, and she answered any and all questions we had with a smile.

Lastly, here are their hours.
Mon-Sat 11 am to 12 am
Sun 11 am to 10 pm

I love the fact that they close at midnight Monday through Saturday because sometimes, you just happen to be hungry around 9 or 10 because you had an early dinner or was forced to eat your in laws cooking, etc. Whatever your reason is, these guys are here for you!

So in closing, I don't normally do a long review. But when I do, its usually a 5 star worthy place and then some! It's not always that you find a place that you can bring your family where you can get great food with generous portions at great prices and great service. I suggest you make your way here because I  guarantee that once this place gets that much more popular, the only complaint you might have would be that you had to wait because the place was packed!

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #34
We almost always try and seek out new spots to dine on the weekends. Cornish Pasty came up and  so it was decided for lunch. If you dined at Komol, you won't have a hard time locating CPC...its right next door!

Its a little dark as you step inside, two tops along the right side, cool usage of church pews for communal dining on the left, and counter style dining up at the bar. Perusing the menu, it was kinda nippy, so we decided to start with some cups of soup. Cream of Leek, Potato, and Stilton for Wifey, and Cream of Tomato for me. The Minion in me also spied a Banana Bread Ale, so I ordered one after our waitress said they had a couple left...only to be disappointed because our waitress failed to double check the bottles inside the Banana Bread Beer box...:( Our soups arrive, so we dig in. The homemade bread was delicious, but sadly the soups were so thick and salty, we only got halfway before calling it quits.

The Pastys(Thank Goodness!) were delicious and filling! Wifey's Pilgrim Pasty had all the flavors of Thanksgiving wrapped up in a perfectly crisp pastry casing. Equally good was my Chicken Tikka Masala Pasty-rich, hearty, and just enough spice to go perfectly with the Mint-Yogurt Sauce. The Toffee Pudding and Bread Pudding also sounded great, but we were beyond stuffed! Great reason to look forward to another visit. I will also pass on the soups but hopefully they have a new shipment of Banana Bread Beer too!  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(43/365) "The English Empanada"
First off, I should mention that I'm not the biggest fan of savory items baked in a crust, ie empanadas, pot pies, etc.  But I couldn't ignore my fellow Yelpers checking into this less than a month old establishment over on the Eastside and the raving reviews.

Thanks to all the Yelpers who reviewed this before me, it definitely helped knowing exactly where they are located.  And where's that?  Commercial Center - Lotus of Siam and Green Door fame.  They are located next door to Komol, so keep driving and you'll find it there.  It doesn't look like much from the outside and I wasn't sure what to expect going in.  But we were pleasantly surprised to find the bar/counter seating with large and small tables around.  Because it was Superbowl Sunday, the place was empty so we had our pick of where to sit.  The waitress was so happy to see us come in since previous Sundays bring in a good lunch crowd.

We started off with the Oven Chips with added Garlic "Hand cut British style chips, cooked in the oven, with cracked pepper and sea salt." ($3.75)  It came out piping hot with ketchup on the side.  

The Husband was immediately intrigued by the soups and went for the Cream of Leek, Potato & Stilton (Cup $3.50). It came with homemade bread and butter.  We liked the blue cheese flavoring in the soup and the dense bread that accompanied it.

The Husband chose a Signature and Traditional Pasty - The Oggie "Steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) with a side of red wine gravy or ketchup." ($8.50)  He asked for a side of HP sauce too.  I got a little taste, but ultimately the Husband devoured all of it.  It's a pretty good size and for someone who drank most of the soup and finished the whole pasty, he was full!

I chose a Premium Pasty - the Chicken Tikka Masala (Red Curry) "Marinated chicken breast, tikka masala sauce, green peppers and potatoes.  With a side of mint-yogurt dressing or tahini." ($9.00)  I'm always skeptical about getting chicken breast because of how dry it can be.  This was not the case at all!  It was super moist, tons of flavor, and just really good.  I ate half knowing that I would be hurting if I even tried to finish the other half.  (I did eat the other half the next day and it was just as good! The toaster oven couldn't heat it fast enough for me!)  What I really liked about their pasty is the ratio of filling to crust.  There's a lot of delicious filling and the crust isn't excessive or dried out.  Ultimately, just really good.

I took a quick peek at their dessert menu and was bummed out that I was too full to order anything.  In retrospect, perhaps I would have split one pasty so I could order a dessert pasty too.  Nonetheless, we came back about four hours later and picked up a Strawberry Pavlova "Homemade crisp meringue shells, filled with freshly whipped cream, strawberries, kiwi fruit and grapes.  Finished with raspberry coule." ($6.00) to go.  It wasn't the most exciting to look at when you take it to go, but it was nice.  Next time I'm going for the Apple Caramel Pasty, Shirley Temple's Pudding, or Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding since those seem a bit more unique.

They offer a pretty extensive beer menu that had the Husband wishing he could sit awhile and have a drink.  Happy Hour is all day on Sundays from 3 pm to 6 pm and 10 pm to 12 am on the other days, which means $1 off beer and wine.  Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays also offer a special on the the certain alcoholic beverages.

Overall, we are liking the pasties that the Cornish Pasty Company are offering and are happy to see them in Vegas.  We only wish they weren't so far away on the other side of town from us!
Pass-tea...not pasty as in nipple tassels or the other term for pale.Every time I come here there's always something I've set my taste buds on having but it's not available. One time, it was banana beer. Another time, it was chicken tikka Massala pasty.

But the service makes up for it. The times that I've been here, the servers were very friendly and chatty. The recommend substitutes for what I want but they didn't have have been great. No banana beer, I got to try ginger beer. No chicken tikka Massala pasty, I got to try veggie tikka Massala pasty. Both of which I probably would've never tried.

Crabbies Ginger Beer: 
From Scotland. Very sweet and a mild taste of ginger. Ginger is good for you. Sold by the bottle. 5/5

Strongbow Hard Cider:
Your typical apple cider. An apple a day, keeps the doctor away. On draft. 4/5

Banana Beer:
From England. This is hard to find even online. Total Wine is out of these beers until who knows when. Your neighborhood grocery store doesn't have this. It's super delicious. Like a banana dessert made better because it's beer. This is currently my favorite beer. Sold by the bottle. 5/5

Veggie Tikka Massala Pasty:
I love how I couldn't tell I was eating something vegetarian. I'm a huge carnivore so for me to like this is a big deal. The red curry taste was fantastic. Very filling. 4.5/5

Chips with Garlic:
Baked thick-cut fries...chips in English. They bake the garlic with the chips so you get a bit of a burnt garlic taste. I love garlic, period so it doesn't bother me. The chips are slightly crisp on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. Ketchup on the side. 4/5

Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding:
You can get this with vanilla ice cream or Creme anglaise...or both. The bartender helped me decide between this and the PB&J pasty so you can guess which won out vote. Homemade bread, cream with alcohol. Slightly crisp edges. You can taste the alcohol. 3.5/5

Strawberry Pavlova:
The presentation is very pretty and impressive. I did not expect something so pretty to come from a pub. It has a meringue base, cream, kiwi slices, strawberry slices and halved grapes with raspberry coule. It's light, fruity and creamy. 4/5

They have happy hour from 3-6pm and 10-midnight everyday and it's $1 off draft beer and wine. Mondays: 14oz cider for $3. Tuesdays: $1 off all bottled items. Wednesdays: $5 glass of wine. Sundays: happy hour all day. They have Rogue Hazelnut beer on draft - another favorite of mine. You can come here solo, with a friend or with a group - you'd never feel lonely.

The bigger tables to the left of the entrance are church pews. Something about that that makes me feel guilty so I choose never to sit there. The bar is the perfect spot so you can watch them prepare pasties.
I have finally found my happy place: Banana Beer, bar seat, on a weeknight, solo.

Walked into the dark and swanky-looking bar area, and immediately got myself a Wells Banana Bread Beer- fabulous start to my evening, highly recommend. I'm not even a beer person and I finished it before my food came out, and seriously considered another. It's more than I'd usually spend on a beverage ($6.50) but well worth it.

Opted for the cream of leek soup  ($3 cup) and the Royale with cheese pasty ($9). Soup was smooth and creamy, flavor was pleasant and Stilton was pronounced. The bread and butter it's served with is delightful- thick, dense bread with plenty of smooth butter.  

Pasty seemed to take a while, but it was worth it- stuffed full of beef, mushrooms, onions, and cheese, it really hit the spot. Gourmet Hot Pocket indeed. Crust was buttered and delicious without being too thick or getting gummy, stuffings were hot and complemented one another. Menu mentions several dips it can be served with, I didn't mention one in my order but was brought a dark reddish sauce- based on taste, I could not tell if it was a light house-made ketchup or an odd barbecue sauce, but either way I did not use much of it. Might suggest the Thousand Island as more complementary.

Service was attentive, prompt,  and polite. Most of the staff is skinny white guys with tattoos and vintage clothing, and they're all surprisingly quiet but very sweet. Whoever's in charge of the music is great: went from Metric to bluesy country and it was all well-selected. 

Definitely coming back- tempted to chill at one of their smaller tables all weekend with a banana beer and a bunch of papers to grade. Want to try the rest of their soups, and quite a few of the pastys too- as good as my meal was, I think this is a place I'll constantly be trying new things rather than sticking to one dish.
What is a pasty?? and why was I pronouncing it paste-y like my skin, rather than past-ee like I am supposed to pronounce it?  Last Saturday night after the Rebels won a nailbaiter vs Boise State, we got a rita and some nachos at Paradise Cantina.  Then I decided we should continue dinner at Cornish Pasty Co. because it was nearby and everyone was rating it highly.

We sat at the bar, which has some very cold barstools!!!  There is a purse hook underneath the bar which is a great feature.  Our server was very cool, did not catch her name.  I got iced green tea which was great.  Eric R. is still not on the black tea bandwagon and only likes hot green tea, so he stuck with water rather than get British black tea.

I ordered the pilgrim (roasted turkey/chicken with grilled onions, stuffing, and sweet potato) served with red wine gravy and cranberry sauce (gelled, the best!) - and Eric R. got the chicken tikka masala with the mint yogurt sauce (tahini was the other option).  While we waited for our meals to be prepared, we watched a chef in front of us at the bar prepare the lamb vindaloo pasties (what I almost ordered, and will definitely get next time).  I was intrigued because the night before, I had learned how to make dumplings.  Now in front of my eyes, a chef was making essentially a giant dumpling, using egg wash instead of water to seal the dough but crimping it similarly!  I felt my parallel universes collide.

Our pasties came out piping hot and cut in half.  Eric R. learned something new about me that he didn't know (and that is hard for a married couple): that I really like gelled cranberry sauce and even enjoy the canned one.  I never think about it though so I never buy it or talk about it!  The pilgrim was very delicious.  Eric R. asked to swap halves so we ended up eating each other's first halves.  The chicken tikka masala was very moist and the curry sauce was spot on.  Eric R. thought it was a tad too spicy for him which means mild for me :)  Then we started on our second halves and ended up switching plates entirely.  He really liked the red wine gravy and I was quite happy with the CTM.

The vibe is cool and it was a hot spot just for people to drink while we were there.  It is located just north/left of Komol.  Whenever I go to Commercial Center, I will have to choose between Cornish Pasty, Komol, and Ma Dang...that is tough!  There is an extensive vegetarian menu too.  Cheers!
Alright, first I thought it was pastRy with an R. Then I was corrected and told that it was paste-y like the skin. Now I find out it's past-ee. Lol I'll never get the name right, but regardless, this place is so good. 

Don't let the run down plaza deter you from trying this place. It's right next to Komol with tons of parking so you can't miss it. Upon walking in, it's in the darker side but your eyes adjust eventually. There's little tables for the more intimate date, a bar to enjoy a few drinks and large tables with church pews to accommodate large groups. The skinny menu has a history lesson on the origin of the pasty. I felt more knowledgable after reading it. The menu has a large variety of pasties with or without meat, appetizers and a long beer list. You'll be reading it for a while. 

So far, I've tried one pasty with meat (pesto chicken) and one without meat (eggplant parmesan) and both have been delicious. They really put some thought as to what ingredients would taste good wrapped together with dough. And they did an amazing job. They are made fresh to order so they come out super hot so be careful. The crust is buttery and flaky. They are packed full so don't expect to finish the whole thing unless you're really hungry. Both times I've had to take the other half home for lunch the next day. You have to try this place ASAP. The next one on my list is the asiago chicken! Can't wait. 

P.S. Get the banana bread beer if it's available. You'll thank me later:)
With Bobby Y. recommendations four of us decided to check the place out. It was somewhat a cozy place with neat seating (church pews and metal molded seats...interesting). 
    As soon as we sat down, waitress told us their tap beers were down (drop one star). She was very helpful and helped made some suggestions. Awesome suggestions by the way! 
    Banana beer is a must. I tried the ginger beer which was very refreshing. A bit on the sweet side. Beer selection is great, but if your looking for wine, you have one choice of wine in each kind. 
    If you have never had a pasty, you gotta come a try. They are yummy! The choices of filling is very flavorful and the pastry wrap was flaky.
    The dessert was very sweet. I can only take a couple bites. Maybe too sweet for me. Overall experience, will go back again to try the other beers and pasties!
Lord, I love this place.  I'm originally from the Tempe area where the first one was, and have been eating Pasties since 2005-2006. It's always been the place that my husband and I HAVE to go eat when we go to AZ to visit- so we were OVERJOYED that they decided to open up a place here! 
Service is great, we always sit at the bar and chat with the bartender.  Also, they have hooks to hold your purse, which is a huge plus. 
I love the pesto chicken, and have had multiple vegetarian pastys and they are so hearty, they definitely fill you up and you feel satisfied after your meal. 
Also, they are fast- we were in a rush last time and made it in and out of there in 20 minutes.
This place is great, I've had the steak and cheese, carne avoda (not sure of spelling) and the chicken portabella. Steak and cheese was my favorite. The pastry shell has the nice airy consistency of quality apple pie crust. The  staff are friendly and quick. It's not fast food the pasties are made on demand so it takes a few minutes which gives u time to sample their excellent beer selection. They're located in the weirdly amazing commercial center, a secret enclave of world class restaurants where Cornish pasty co will fit right in. I'm glad to have this new option in the neighborhood. The place is comfortable and unpretentious.  Note the pasties are a pretty good size so u might want to share if you're not starving. The layout is a large bar and open kitchen with dining tables around the outer perimeter of the bar.
Having lived in Tempe, AZ where Pasty originated, I was so thrilled they brought one to Vegas. It has all the components of what made the original location great - awesome beer selection, delicious food, and awesome staff. I highly recommend checking this place out if you are just looking for a relaxed place to enjoy a good drink and tasty snacks.
Hardcore solid stick-to-your-ribs meat-n-potatoes type food. Good on those cold winter nights....so get here fast before the weather turns. This food is a little heavy for summertime.

On my first visit, I had spinach/walnut/mushroom soup, which was amaaaazing, and came with delicious homemade white bread. I'm not normally into bread, but this bread was tha shizz. Then I had the chicken tikka pasty, with the yogurt dipping sauce -- FABULOUS! 

On my next visit, I had the garlic oven chips (yums) and the Pilgrim pasty (Thanksgiving in a pasty...with cranberry on the side. TOTALLY kicks Capriotti's Bobbie's ass). YUMMM! 

On both visits, I enjoyed the fact that I could drink draft cider without feeling like a pussy -- I *hate* beer, but usually get sneered at for drinking cider. Not so at these British places; they know what's up. (They only serve beer and wine, no hard liquor).

Prices are $3.50 for the soup cup, $5 per pint of cider, and around $9 per pasty. Awesome!!! The menu is very extensive, with lots of vegetarian and some vegan options as well. Aside from pasties there are also salads and soups and stuff. 

Atmo is English pub as interpreted by humble hipsters. Staff have beards and ironic trucker caps and whatnot, but it's somehow not annoying...just a touching sort of "Let's play Portland!" Plus, they get MAJOR bonus points for being in the  unpretentious Commerical Center instead of downtown -- there's PLENTY of free parking, and fewer annoying Zappholes. Music is refreshingly unhipster as well, and played at just the right volume to encourage conversation.

Barstools are really uncomfortable metal tractor seats, but there are plenty of farmhouse-style tables as well. I still prefer the bar, seats or no -- my ass has plenty of padding....and it's only getting thicker, the more I come to this joint :-)
Heard about this place when it opened but didn't get a chance to try it until this past weekend and whoa was it delicious! So good that my boyfriend and I ended up returning the next night, bringing some new customers along with us.

Night 1:

I had read some reviews on here to kind of get an idea of which pasties to try -- I can't recall the last time I EVER went out and ordered one off a menu -- as well as some recommendations of their massive craft beer selections. 

I start off with a beer, ordering the Banana Bread beer which was pretty tasty. The bartender then told us that was a popular beer and they only had a few left. Glad they still had a few available (I guess some other Yelpers had mentioned trying to order this beer, but the place had ran out)

A lot of people had recommended the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, so of course, I decided to take their advice. Boy am I glad that I did, because it was amazing! A little heat in there from the curry-esque flavors (i'm kind of a wuss with heat), but served with a side of tzatziki sauce to cool it down some. Perfect pair. (another reason this place deserves a high-five is because every pasty comes with a side dipping sauce and everything, in my opinion, is better dipped in some sauce)

My boyfriend order The Chicken Greek, was was also pretty yummy (I definitely liked my better though). We also ordered the Oven Chips with added garlic -- the garlic is cooked with the chips giving it a nice burnt flavor (burnt in a good way)

For dessert, we ordered the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding which was next to orgasmic. I absolutely recommend this to everyone.

---

Night 2:

We decided that eating here again the next night wouldn't be a problem, so we brought my parents along to share with their taste buds.

I ordered the Bangers & Mash Pasty, with a pork-sage sausage and the normal components that are included in B & M with an extra side of red-wine gravy to dip it in. My bf tried the Peppered Steak because he loves blue cheese and he said it was so good, better than The Chicken Greek, but a bit messy (or maybe he's a messy eater).
My mom got the Chicken Tikka Masala, and my dad tried the Lamb Vindaloo. He said the Lamb VIndaloo was a little too spicy, even with the tzatziki, but it was still [super] delicious.

For dessert, we of course ordered the Chocolate Bread & Butter Pudding, as well as trying the Shirley Temple's Pudding (RIP Shirley) and the Banoffe Pie, all of which was equally yummy. The Banoffe was not a savory as the other 2, but still pretty good.

If I lived closer to Cornish Pasty, I would eat here maybe every other day. Good food, good beer, and the price isn't bad either.
Delicious combinations of meat and other goodies wrapped in a beautiful crust. It's a hot pocket for people with taste buds. So many menu options and they all sound delicious. I went with the Philly Steak Pasty and it was awesome. Packed with flavor and cooked just right. Hopefully I will get over there again to try another one soon. 

The chips were delicious as well.

They have a nice beer selection and the service is pretty good. The chairs at the bar I found a bit uncomfortable for someone of my size but still cool to sit at the bar and watch the guys prep some of the pasties. 

Looking forward to my next visit.
A friend suggested that we try out this place for lunch on 2/11/14 and what an experience it was. I first want to say what GREAT customer service we received! The waitress ( sorry I don't remember her name but she was a red head) was a delight. She knew the menu and very helpful when it came to deciding what to try as this was our first time here. We had the mushroom, walnut and spinach soup with fresh baked bread. This soup was so good I went back after work and got a bowl to take home for my daughter to try. I had the Spicy Asiago Chicken Pastie and my friend had the Chicken Pot Pie, both were delicious. I took a cup of the mushroom soup to a co-worker that could not stop raving about how good the soup when I saw her the following day. This place is in the commercial center but don't let that stop you from giving this place a try. We will now make this a regular place that we visit especially since I have to try everything on the menu.
sooo...I finally got a chance to try this place. Its in the same mall as lotus of siam...the green door..the tranny bar and the 5 dollar crack head hooker stationed at the entrance to the mall.. Affectionately known to me as something for everyone mall. First thing is you better not have a larger then regular ass ,as they have these pretty cool seats but they are pre molded metal and if you have junk in the trunk your gonna be spilling out and uncomfortable.Other thing is that if your wearing shorts prepare for instant arctic butt and leg chill..the seats are cold. Again,as with most places in vegas they have ONE waitress serving a packed restaurant,this is a pet peeve of mine,its called SERVICE,if you track potential clients you should be able to gauge fairly well when the crowds will roll in,to not do that is just disrespectful to customers.Anyways....I ordered the leek and stilton soup for starters,I can only assume they make this to order because it took a good 20 minutes for it to come out. But,when it arrived I was very pleased,excellent soup and a side of nice bread,both very good and satisfying. I ordered the sheperds pie Pasty.Again if your in a rush forget it, I assume these are made fresh to order,it took about 40 minutes for it to arrive.But,if you plan on the extra time its definitely worth it,savory and satisfying,very good fresh food. My waitress was so overwhelmed that i just jumped up to the bar to get a refill on my coke. Honestly I don't blame the waitress for this lack of service I blame management for not properly staffing the restaurant.If the service had been proper this would without a doubt been a 5 star review. They also have a ton of beer choices. In summation I would return to this place the food was great,I just hope they address the staff issue,it was a bit frustrating,but in the end they made up for it with their delicious food.
After hearing allot about this place from several close friends and being ambushed on social media by people I know that all said this place was "amazing" and "the greatest place they have ever eatin" I was nervous to try it. You see, most if my friends are complete morons. Why else would we be be friends? With that said... Me and the old lady decide to check this place out for our selves yesterday after she got done work early... We arrived to see plenty of parking.. We walked in and it was well lit, decorated well and clean.. We were off to a great start. We sat down and were greeted promptly and friendly by everyone behind the bar.. Fun music playing, relaxing and causal. They had a good sized selection of Kraft beers so I asked some questions and I got the rogue hazelnut beer and my wife got a strongbow.. The menu had a lot of veggie and vegan things to choose from, which is great since we are vegetarians. We started with the oven baked fries were great! Not greasy, seasoned perfectly and not dry. Then the baked broccoli And cauliflower something, it was crunchy, creamy and tasty. Then we got the potato, leak and Stilton soup, this blew my fucking mind! Creamy and smooth but not heavey, potatoes were perfect, great taste, perfect temp, great color and the sour dough bread on the side complemented it and help make it one of the best soups I have ever had! No bullshit... By this time I was ready for another beer, I tried a couple but had to get the iron maiden beer, cause, well it's iron fucking maidan. It's was actually really good and not just a pretty bottle.Then we got I believe it was called veggie cottage pie? We split it and I'm glade we did. It was pretty big.. I'm not to familiar with this type of food but I loved it! Seasoned expertly, great mouth feel and very filling... It was truly a great meal... All the guys were great! Genuinely friendly and helpful when ordering. The only ones name i can remember is hank, cause it's hank and he's rad... But all of them were a good time to talk to and added to the dinning experience.. When we got the check I was surprised on how low the price was.. I then looked at the menu again and looked at the prices. This place prices it's food to move man... It was less then if we went to sushi and we were full and caught a nice buzz! We will be going here on the regular and recommending it to everyone who will listen! Turns out my friends aren't complete morons after all... Go figure
You know that kind of meal that makes you smile through it? The environment, the beer, and bring your choice of companion to toss back and forth comments like "mmmm" and "you gotta try this" and "one more beer please".   Reinventing the pasty was a great idea.  Opening shop in vegas is an even better one.
Yum yum! Oh yeah. My bf and I went here for dinner tonight. I was craving some Thai food but lotus of Siam wasn't even opened yet and already had a huge line :/ so we went here instead and boy was it yummy. 
My bf had a peppered steak pasty which was pretty good but in my opinion a boys pasty lol I had a carne adovada pasty (my bad for spelling it wrong in the pictures) it was good but I wish I would have ordered a shepherds pie pasty instead omg they looked good. Next time for sure because we will definitely be coming back. The oven baked potatoes delish as well :)))) 

Definitely a must. Go go go!

Oh yeah and I think my bf would recommend the Scottish crabbie ginger beer (idk if I wrote that correctly) 
It was too gingery for me but he absolutely loved it :)
Flaky tender pastry, neat atmosphere, and Scottish beer. This place is tops!

We enjoyed an order of oven chips (fries) with garlic and jalapeño on them; a peppered steak pasty (about $9.00) (you have to likeStilton blue cheese to like this one ) I loved it; and a crisp Crabbies Ginger Beer from Scotland ($6.50).

5/5 will be back.
I was originally going down the block for some Filipino food but decided to reroute and found myself at Cornish pastries. walked in and sat at the bar. atmosphere was a little different than I'm used too. they have church bench seating for larger parties or community seating. nice selections of beers. Menu is not too big n not too small. Bartender was friendly and helpful with suggesting her faves and what customers like. I asked for banana beer but was told they were out but when I looked up I found it myself. No big deal as long as the food is good right? I decided on the asiago chicken and chips w/ cheddar n jalapeño. Asiago was spot on, bomb.com, delicious with my dogfish IPA to push it down and chips to snack on. this place definitely interesting and delicious. Highly recommended!
My Dad grew up in Montana eating pasties so when he found this place he was so happy to try it. He thought it was great so he was anxious to share it with my husband and I. 
Well I am thrilled he did. We shared some chips with garlic to start and all four of us got a different pasty. They were delicious and seriously filling, I only ate half of mine but it reheated great for lunch the next day. I got the rosemary chicken and the flavors blended very well and the dipping sauce just set it all off. My mom got the lovely bit of salmon, which I was skeptical of, and it really was good with the fish being a great consistency. My husband got the Mexican and ate it all and fast so that was a winner. Finally my dad got the pilgrim which he said was like Thanksgiving in a pouch and he got an Oggie to take home for the next day.
I was also pleasantly surprised to find I really enjoyed the cider they had on tap. I asked the bartender what it was like and after describing it he let me try a little to make sure I liked it before I ordered. My husband was nearly overwhelmed by the beer options and is looking forward to going back to try more.
We all really liked the atmosphere and the music was a great mix. In all we are looking forward to going back as there are many other flavors we want to try.
They finally opened. I had bookmarked this particular restaurant quite some time ago and when they never opened i deleted the bookmark and then added the bookmark back. I did this several times for over a year and finally they opened their doors for business. 

I came here with a friend who's mom is from England and is always looking for good British food in town to lure her mom here for a visit, so it wasn't too hard to convince her to try this place with me this week.

We arrived around 530 and the place wasn't packed but there were already a number of diners seated. The restaurant is much larger than expected and I enjoyed the ambiance quite a bit. It's on the darker side and makes you feel like you're the only people in the place. 

We were seated quickly and perused the menu. Their pasty selection is extensive so it took us quite a bit of time to decide what we wanted to order. In the interim, we settled on some cider that was offered during happy hour. Our waitress was nice but service was a bit slow during our entire meal. She was apologetic about it so we weren't too perturbed. I decided on the lamb vindaloo pasty, since I was in the mood for something spicy. Our meals were slow to arrive, but worth the wait. At first we weren't sure about the portion size. They are deceptively large, when we first thought they were on the smaller side. I enjoyed my pasty quite a bit and it had the spicy kick I had been hoping for. My friend enjoyed hers quite a bit as well. I have tried pasties a few times in the past but I have to say this was probably my favorite so far. We each were only able to finish half of our meal, but took the rest to go with us. I couldn't resist ordering dessert as well, I ended up with the Shirley Temple's Pudding since I absolutely adore sticky toffee pudding and my friend got the strawberry pavlova. Both were good, with my pudding edging hers out by a nose in the flavor department. 

We had a fabulous meal and my fella even raved about how good my leftovers were, so we will likely be back soon to give them another go. Just be sure you aren't in too much of a rush when you dine here since our whole meal took over two hours from start to finish.
The second I walked in I felt immediately cool. I just moved back to hometown Vegas from a five year stint in NYC so my newly acquired city girl foodie habits have been met with basic disappointment at every turn in the desert. I crave great atmosphere, delicious out of the ordinary foods, and babe watching opportunities in my dining experiences and Cornish did not disappoint.

My date and I split jalapeño chips and each ordered our own pasty. He: the Italian and me: the chicken pesto. Omygoddddd. Deliciousness in every bite. Nice and dark dining area. I'm not a beer fan but they had amazing banana bread beer and I was in heaven. 

Also to be noted, at first I assumed the pretty tattooed girls bar tending and waitressing might be bitchy to me or something but lo and behold they were sweet as pie and twice as nice. Struck up a nice little convo about the somewhat obscure female fronted hardcore band on my tee shirt and made excellent snack recommendations as well.

And again big ups on these hipster hot pockets. The servings are huge which means leftovers wooooop. Can't wait to go back. Bonus points for being open until 11 in my neighborhood... Can there eventually be a delivery service for my lazy hungry stoner ass?
This place is awesome!
Try the chicken asiago or chicken pot pie pastry. Go hungry very very filling and flavorful! Fresh/friendly/delicious

Great beer selection too
OMG. The pasties are SO DAMN GOOD. I have been twice and have yet to deviate from my regular order of the Thanksgiving pasty (I think that's the name of it). Turkey, sweet potatoes and stuffing in a pasty, served with the yummiest gravy. They also give you a side of cranberry for the ultimate Thanksgiving experience. Their homemade lemonade is delish...Like Hot Dog on a Stick delish. The service can be slow (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars), so don't go if you are really hungry. Last time I went I ordered the tomato soup. It came to my table cold, but tasted delicious. They also have a large selection of beer, which I recommend because it leaves more lemonade for me!
I found out about this place from someone at work. The location isn't the easiest to find, but it's worth it. We decided to order out to take home. The waitress went over the menu with us and helped us to make selections, and gave us water while we waited for our order. The pasties were incredible - and we have eaten pasties in Cornwall. These compare very favorably. Will definitely be back.

The only drawback - they aren't open on weekends.
Everything was awesome here. The food was amazing, they have a great beer selection and we even got desert and that was equally amazing. We ordered the Chicken Asiago, Carne Adovado, the Oggie and the Greek Chicken. I am definitely a fan and will be back. Looks like this is going to be another stop on our tours for out-of-town guests.
"Oi, this pint is cold!"  I call to the barkeep.

"Bloody well right.  We're not in London mate.  This is America" and a laugh.   

America, the land of "Hot Pockets".  Hot Pockets, pasties; toe-may-toe, toe-mah-toe.  Only difference, these are bloody good.

For the traditionalist, the Oggie; traditional Cornish pasty is hearty and comforting.  A "stew" of  beef, potatoes, onion, and rutabaga stuffed in a well seasoned, perfectly cooked through, semi rich pastry shell.  Despite the filling being moist, and the bottom being thin, it is still firm enough to pickup.  Impressive.  A side of mushy peas with it's baby food consistency and vegetal flavor provides the perfect accompaniment.

The crust lends itself well to non traditional pasties.  The chicken tikka masala hearty with a pronounced Indian curry taste, mild heat but somewhat dry chicken breast.  The Shepherd's pie with its flavorful, juicy, gamy lamb, creamy potatoes and root veg also good except for the odd addition of cheddar cheese,  Finally bangers and mash (sausage with onions and potatoes in a red wine gravy) good eats.  The slight acidity in the red wine gravy brings out the sage flavor of the British banger. 

Beer works best with the pasties.  Very good selection including many British offerings.  Reasonable, off Strip pricing.

Great, off Strip service.

A single pasty is a meal and at less than $10 each, good value.  It's not perfect but at this price, who's complaining.
The restaurant will take you by surprise the second you walk in. Expect a dark modern bar setting. Located in the run down Commercial Center, you wouldn't expect such a nice interior.

Menu is pretty simple. 
Their specialty? Pasties! 
What are pasties? Pasties are fairly large pastries that are filled with meat and vegetables. You should expect an over glorified hot pocket. Their portions are generous! Don't let the size fool you, half will probably fill you up. Sister re-heated my leftovers and had it the next day. 

I got the Veggie Chicken Tikka Massala Pasty which was good but not great. The flavors were there but the texture of the veggie chicken was odd. It might just be the kind that they chose to use. I will try a meat pasty next time. 
Ordered the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding served with ice cream for dessert just for the sake of ordering dessert. We were so full from the pasties that it was hard to enjoy this. 

The service is great, we sat at the bar and got to see them put together the pasties as we ate them, which was comforting...you usually don't get to see what a restaurant does with your food. 
Meal for about 3 ran us about $45. Good deal.

I'll be back to try the banana bread beer that everyone is going on about soon.
I was really excited to see another taste from Michigan making it's way to the valley.  I like to describe to people a pasty as a slightly harder calzone with meat and potatoes stuffed inside of it.  If you can think of a winter food which can warm your soul, this is it!

The thing which makes Cornish Pasty unique is pure selection.  You can get the original style, or get the pasty stuffed with a whole slew of offerings with sides.  (The price range is roughly $9 on average).  Personally my original style pasty did not taste as good as what I've had in Michigan (where the treat is popular as far as the US goes), but it was still really good.  What will keep me coming back is trying all of the combinations on the menu, I'm sure there is a 5-star winner in there!

The desert menu also looked very good, I ended with a PB&J pasty, it was very gooey on the inside and the scoop of ice cream complimented it nicely.  They also have an apple pasty and some sort of banana pie treat.  Once again i will be back!

If you are a Vegas foodie, you'll recognize the area from Lotus of Siam, is it nice brand spanking new Summerlin? No, but the location near the strip and surrounding neighborhoods makes for a very easy in and out.  The inside is very nice, not too small, but not too big with low lighting.

Check it out!
Went for a  solo late lunch and was very pleasantly surprised. Really friendly service that took the time to explain the menu and beers. First, the place seems super clean. Also the great beer selection is reasonably priced.  I had the Oggie pasty and loved the perfect and pepper potato, beef and rutabaga filling, which worked very well with a cold Joseph James beer($4!!). My goal is to try every pasty on the menu(except the vegetarian ones!) Great place to dine alone or with others.
Great atmosphere, excellent food, good service! A hidden gem! Had the lamb pasty, delicious! Can't wait to try the tons of other options!
Found this place on Yelp and am so glad I checked it out! My friend had the tikka masala salad and I had the pot pie pasty. The meat was flavorful and the salad fresh, my pasty was perfectly seasoned, held together well, with a flaky crust that practically melted in my mouth. I could hardly finish half, and the other half is in my fridge for dinner! I can't wait to go back and try the cottage pie pasty next.
We stopped in before the show at the Onyx last night for a casual dinner. Wow! Best variety of pasties I have ever seen. I had the cheese and onion wit HP sauce on the side. My sister hand' had HP before so had to taste it, thumbs up as a condiment. I love Guinness stout, they serve Murphy's, a decent alternative. My hubby had lamb and bro-in law went with chicken Alfredo. We were stuffed and all our choices were great, best outer crust I can recall having. Better than what we got our hands on during the last trip to  England. We will be back for sure.
I've been on quite a tear recently with my "To Try" bookmarks. Late this afternoon, I was suggesting to my friend that we pre-game to make sure we were full after restaurant #2 (more on that in the near future). This place popped up in our brainstorming and we went for it.

Cornish Pasty Co. found an home in a rather decrepit plaza which happens to be home to the legendary Lotus of Siam. CPC is right next to Komol, and you'll wanna know that the parking spots right in front are angled in the wrong direction if you're approaching from the street. A bar proudly dominates the center of the restaurant, and tables line the outside. We sat at the bar for a change of pace, although we weren't imbibing any potent potables tonight.

I originally wanted only one pasty, but my friend convinced me that we should get two so that we could each try two. Conveniently enough, the pasties are cut in half, and they were willing to provide extra dipping sauce for free.

I tried the bangers and mash ($9.00) first: sausage, grilled onions, and mashed potatoes with an interesting red wine gravy. Friend didn't care for the wine flavor, but I appreciated that it wasn't just plain gravy. Second up was the lamb vindaloo, which I ordered for the lamb-ness although I found the vindaloo was dominant. The Indian spices, unfortunately, are not in my wheelhouse, the spicyness was definitely a challenge for my delicate / capsaicin-sensitive tongue, and the yogurt sauce was just odd and didn't quite complement the lamb vindaloo. I'll take the blame for most of this, but I'm going to hold the yogurt sauce against CPC.

I've gotta say, though, that the pasty shell around each of the fillings was quite good. Very flaky and golden brown, yet not burnt at all, and just the right thickness so as not to distract from the filling. I'm sure that I will enjoy the experience more fully next time when I only pick pasties that are appropriate for my palate, but I still highly recommend that you try the pasties promptly.
Starters: Very cool wait staff.  Good vibe in this place...seriously.  They had old Talking Heads buzzing in the. background.

Leek, potato, stilton soup...Yowza!

Pomegranate tea was a nice alternative to a pint.

Salmon pasty suggested by my vegetarian waiter came out hot and unexpectedly firm...which was awesome.  Dillsauce rocked.  Thin cut potatos and asparagus...Double Yowza!

I am totally in for more of this.
I first went to the Cornish Pasty Co in Tempe in December. I was addicted immediately. Amazing vegetarian pastys, craft beer - what else do you need? Following a plan for a family Vegas weekend in February, I found out that they opened a location in Vegas. It was a MUST do for the weekend. On Saturday I brought my family there. There was 8 of us, and we should have called to make a reservation because they were super busy! But they found a space for us. Unfortunately for being pretty new and very busy, there were some hiccups. But for me - I'm in the restaurant industry so I get it. They were out of a lot of the pastys on the menu. They ran out of glasses so it took a whole to get our drinks. My dad's pasty took a while longer than everyone else's to come out. Etc. Our waitress was super sweet though (I think her name is Mandy?) and apologetic about everything. Food was obviously AMAZING (we all agreed!). Cannot wait to go back!
Get the side dishes or the. soups. They are great and delicious. Also sit at the bar. It's fun watching them make the pastys live.
If you like English food this place is great. From an American's point of view the food is average. The funky location in the Commercial Center with a very low key exterior made the outing interesting and adds to the appeal.If you have not had an English Pasty before it is basically a Pot Pie without the pot. Service was great and the draft beer was really cold (as opposed to the English tradition). My English wife had a traditional Pasty and reported it was very high quality and authentic. I tried the red Curry pasty and it was fine but  was constantly reminded by the photos on the wall that a "pasty" is basic food intended for coal miners.This is a good place to visit if you are looking for a working class English pub experience.
I had this place on my radar, so when fellow yelper, Loon E. and his girl were in town and suggested this place, I was all in! Walking inside it seemed dark, but I liked it. We chose a table and menus and waters were quickly brought to us. Loon had a beer I tasted that was supposed to be ginger flavored, but the ginger taste was very faint. After looking over the menu it was hard to decide what to order because it all looks so good. 

The menu consists of signature, premium and vegetarian pasties, soups, salads, desserts and an interesting variety of appetizers. To start I ordered "Oven Chips" priced at $3.50 plus an additional 50 cents for cheese I wanted on them. The chips are hand cut British style and baked in the oven with cracked pepper and sea salt. I thought the chips were a bit on the soggy side. I wondered if it was because of the addition of cheese that made them soggy, but after tasting the oven chips with jalapeno and no cheese that the others at my table were sharing, they too were mushy and soggy to me.

I ordered a "Carne Adovada" pasty priced at $9.50 and WOW! After the first bite, my taste buds were dancing with joy! This pasty has simmered pork in a New Mexican red chili stew, rice, chilies and cheddar. It also comes with a side of salsa and sour cream. There is so much great flavor going on in this pasty! I honestly never even tried the salsa that accompanied it because the pasty itself has such good flavor on it's own, but I did really enjoy it with the sour cream. I must come back and eat this again! I sampled some of the "Bangers and Mash" pasty and thought the first bite was okay, but the next was a bit blah. The red wine gravy that came with it was too salty. I have to say that it isn't something I have ever had before, so I truly can't compare it to another, but the flavor wasn't for me.

Our server was just great! I wish I could remember her name to give her a proper shout-out, but I can tell you aside from being an awesome waitress, she knows all about Emoji and how everybody needs a little in their life! ;)

If you wanted they have an option to take a part-baked pasty home to bake when you are ready to eat it. The part-baked pasties are sold at a reduced price, but they make a certain amount fresh throughout the day, so I would recommend calling your order in to make sure they can have the pasty you want ready to take home. I want to come back at some point to try out some of their other sides and try baking a pasty at home to see how it turns out. With the variety of pasties here, if a certain one doesn't work for you flavor-wise, give another one a try! Maybe you will find a favorite like I did!
I've subjected the poor Tomcat to all sorts of misery over the years. It's hard to please a foodie girlfriend, especially when his only foodie desire is to eat at every In-N-Out in America. Oh brother.... 

So, it was after much trepidation that he  agreed to try Cornish Pasty Co., a restaurant specializing in food from Southwest England, more specifically, the Pasty. My selling point was, it had his four favorite food groups: cheese, potatoes, ground meat, and beer. 

Well Yelp, we found a winner! We finally found a place that we both liked! 

I loved the Mushroom, Walnut and Spinach soup. It's served with a side of bread and delicious, easily spreadable butter. 

The Tomcat LOVED the Oggie, a pasty filled with steak, onion, potatoes and rutabaga. I thought it was ok, it tastes bland. It tastes a lot like the food Tomcat cooks at home (his ancestry is Irish/Scottish). So, to some people, bland is good. They even have MUSHY peas (that's how it's described on their menu, "mushy" peas), so this is some authentic British food. Who else eats mushy peas? And are proud of it? 

Luckily, I didn't order a pasty, but if I did, I'd go with a more flavorful one, like the Chicken Tikka Masala, or the Lamb Vindaloo. Instead, I went with the Broccoli and Cauliflower Cheese Bake. The dish is exactly as it sounds. The cheese baked on top is awesome. There's also cheese melted inside with the fresh broccoli and cauliflower. It's like a healthier, non-carb version of mac-n-cheese. Tomcat and I both agreed, this dish was delicious. 

I also got a bottle of their much talked about banana-beer bread. Ugh. Bitter. Pass. You can smell the banana and taste a little bit in the aftertaste, but most of the time, it tasted like a strong, bitter beer.

The highlight of the meal was the Shirley Temple's Pudding, a sticky toffee pudding made with Treacle and served with ice cream. This was delicious, possibly the best dessert I've ever had. The top is caramelized and the bottom has slightly burnt brown bread that tastes a lot like a brownie end. Top it with ice cream and it is heaven. 

So, I recommend this place, especially if you're craving some British food. They've also got an interesting beer selection. Definitely will be a date-night destination for us.
2nd review... I have been here over 6 times in 2 months and everything is always wonderful. The carne adovada and the tikka masala are literally TO DIE FOR FOR UNDER $10.00

If you haven't had lunch here you are making a mistake 

If you haven't brought a date here, you are missing out and so is your date.

Fix it- go there. Live it, love it, eat it.
Amazing! Had the Pilgrim. Couldn't finish all of it (big pie) but it was really tasty. Don't miss out on this "hole in the wall" find.
Located in the same plaza as Green Door, Lotus of Siam, and right next to Komol in commercial center plaza. Ample parking galore. Just watch for the slanted parking spaces and which way your car is facing!

I came here with my boyfriend after a show at the Onyx. Love the concept. Punk rock playing over the speakers. Center bar with metal swivel seats and park-benchlike support was a nice touch. Whoever designed this place deserves props! 

AMBIANCE: 
Make sure to sit at the bar to catch the guys making pasties. (Pronounced "pass-teas" and not "paste-stee" like the nipple tape in porn I believe lol) it's cool seeing them make a whole batch, but I worry about when they make a whole batch tray of 20ish. What do they do with the rest when they've baked them all and served people? Refrigerate them? It was a pretty dead night for a friday considering that there was First Friday going on. 

Love the intimate low-lighting. The design for this bar is cool. Picture polished wood and beer. Clean place. One side of the place has two-seater tables with the same unique park-bench swivel chairs. The other side has two long tables with long benches for bigger parties. I wonder what this place looks like super crowded.

DRINKS: 
We ordered the Union Jack IPA and its darker cousin the Wookey Jack IPA. Union Jack is hoppy (IPA, I know) while the Wookey Jack is also hoppy, but more bitter in taste. I like the fact that they carry both. These beers paired well with the pasties we ordered.

APPETIZERS: 
To start we got the Hand-Cut fries with the option of garlic and/or jalapenos over it. We greedily got both. This was amazing. Perfect bar food to soak up alcohol. Freshly cracked pepper and sea salt seasoned this dish so well. These fries set them apart from other cardboard-tasting carbon copies. 

The leek, potato, and stilton soup ($3.50 cup) was creamy, well-made, and not bland at all. For those who don't know, stilton is a type of rich cheese. I should have asked for the bowl ($5ish). The cheese flavor went beautifully with the leeks and potatoes giving it a hearty flavor. Came a couple slices of bread and butter.

PASTY: My Bangers & Mash pasty was okay. Really drying on the inside including the hard puff pastry encasing it. It came with an excellent red wine gravy sauce so maybe I should have asked for more of that. Although it was okay to eat, it was really salty and dense. I expected maybe a sauce/liquid/melted something on the inside when I stab it with my fork. It would have made the dish more palatable and not just a literal meat-cake. 

True, I dipped it in my gravy, but it was still a little difficult to eat. Meat was a bit too tough. Expected it to be a bit more tender.

Maybe I'll try a different pasty next time. The appetizers and ambiance were excellent. I had a bite of my boyfriend's adobada pasty and that was bomb. We're definitely coming back for this one!
"What on earth is a pasty?!" and "Where on earth was it located?!" These were burning questions that became an obsession until I couldn't take it anymore. The juvenile humor in me kept thinking of nipple tassles and it being located near the infamous Green Door only fueled my misconception. Seeing this place given 4.5 stars, mostly from respectable Elites made it too irresistible for me. I didn't want to miss the train!
I had the darnedest time finding CP inside the vast commercial center and even gave up after driving around aimlessly the first time. But I was a determined little you-know-what so I did a little more research and found it. Oh happy day! It's located next to the green storefront of Komol. A dark venue inside with a large bar and church pews with special molded iron barstools and a history lesson on the tin miners who originated the pasty. It holds true that as a "hole in the wall" type of establishment,  this place has excellent food that draws all types of foodies. 
My daughter who is a foodie in the making ordered the OGGIE...the very first pasty on the menu. It's filled with steak, potatoes and rutabaga served with a wine sauce. Tender pieces of beef with soft potatoes and the bright pop of the rutabaga. Let's just say, she cleaned her dish with not a crumb left.
I decided to make up for not finding it the first time, by ordering 2 pasties. The Pilgrim and the Chicken Tikka Masala. The Pilgrim is taking the best Thanksgiving leftovers and rolling it up in a flakey crust and the best part is having ample gravy and cranberry sauce to go with it (they will offer more upon asking). The Chicken Tikka Masala would rival any good Indian restaurant and served with a nice mint yogurt. Tender chicken breast so full of flavor and it tastes good even after sitting in the fridge a few days and reheated.
These pasties are all handcrafted and made ahead of time then par-baked for 90 minutes. When you order, they are finished in the oven, then served neatly sliced in half with a perfect crust in every bite.
Be sure to save room for the Shirley Temple pudding because it is life changing. It's served HOT in a mini caldron that is like 900 degrees which carmelized the sides of the pudding into a chewy crust, and you must get it with vanilla ice cream. Imported british treacle cake (just don't smell it lol) is so moist and has this toffee sauce on top that comes to you bubbling...careful not to burn your mouth.
Bring everyone you know, they will thank you for introducing this unique eat to them. If they can't make it, you can get any pasty par-baked and taken home. Believe the hype!
Love this place! The food was amazing, staff is great and they play great music! Anywhere I can walk in and here The Clash and The Ramones is great and the food is even better! Great veggie and vegan options as well! I've been here twice in two weeks! Also really good beer selection!
I work very close to this place, so when the name popped up I was instantly intrigued. Not to mention the fact that they only serve huge hot pockets. Double the interest. I walked in to a cute waitress with a smile and hot red hair, sold before I tasted the food! Now this better be good! 
I have never dined in, and my review is based on 2 Togo orders. One for lunch at work, and one I brought home for dinner.
Trip number one I ordered the Cottage pie, and my boss tried to vegan rosemary chicken. Also got the chips with jalapeno and garlic. Chips are fries, and would be better dining in. Good, just got a bit mushy. Pasties were to die for. Flaky crust that didn't get soggy. Stuffed so full of goodness. Depending on what your pasty choice is you receive a side of gravy, marinara, ketchup, or whatever may go good with yours! 
My second trip we ordered Cajun chicken, meat and cheese, and the pastrami. Everyone was happy and would order theirs again. The garlic mashed potato side is FULL of garlic and I was a huge fan of the baked cauliflower and broccoli. Crust was perfect. 
I have yet to try their desserts, but I have a feeling when I do- my rating will go to 5 stars. 
Don't let the yuck location scare you off, this place is a hidden gem!
After having dinner here I can't say I'm hooked. My wife loved her pasty but I didn't feel the same way about mine. I had the Italian Pasty and there was a good amount of meats like salami, capocollo, pepperoni, ham. It also had mozzarella cheese and came with a side of marinara sauce. The inside of my pasty was really good. I didn't like the "hot pocket" type dough so much though. Before my pasty came I grubbed on some Oven Chips with jalapeno. The oven chips were very greasy and somewhat burnt at the same time and I didn't like that the jalapeno easily fell off since there was no cheese or gravy to hold it all together. We were eating with yelper Loon E and his woman and they felt the same way about the oven chips and found their dishes to be too salty. 

Our waitress was nice and took good care of us. I can't say I'd hurry back next week but since my wife liked her pasty and you can order them for pick up to take home and cook yourself, I might give a different pasty a try.
If you are in the mood for a pasty and a english beer then this is the place to go in Las Vegas.  I had the peppered steak. It was not frozen and was made to order. The flavor profile was a little off for me but I should have known that when I ordered, the peppered steak comes with melted Stilton and the Stilton was just a little bit overpowering and too earthy for me. Although I love blue cheese I would have probably been better suited with the cheese steak.  However, other than that the pasty was great! perfectly cooked and the bread was cooked on the outside with hot filling on the inside - think a deluxe hot pocket. 

My only complaints were that the waitress was nice but a little dense and incredibly slow. She didn't bring the happy hour cider I requested and brought a larger size at a larger price - but larger cider really shouldn't be a point of contention I suppose. Also, for the $9ish I would have liked to see the pasty come with a side, fries or something else. 
 
We also bought the garlic fries. They didn't taste fried but more like the oven fries I make at home (my attempt to bake fries to be healthy which hopefully offsets the copious amounts of french fries from fast food places I eat). The problem with what appeared to be baked or crisped fries was that the garlic on the outside was burnt. Maybe they should put the garlic on after they cook the fries to avoid this problem. 

Two pastys, four beers and fries came to about $44. Steep for lunch but I suppose not bad considering the four beers. They also have a decent english/irish beers on tap and many more in bottles. 

Suprisingly for a  pub in the commercial center, they were not smoky and they had a child seat, which means children are welcome! They had a few larger booths so groups of 4 or more could come here as well. 

I hope they make it but they are not what you would expect for the commercial center. I think that they would be much more suited in a more prominent area as a new business.
Excellent food. Friendly staff. Great music. I will be coming back without a doubt.

The price is great and the food is filling. Some authentic British selections without a doubt. Shepherd's Pie Pasty is the bee's knees. The British oven fries with cheese is a great starter. Looking forward to happy hour next time.
In short: Outstanding.  I recommend the Cornish Pasty Co.

The moment we (my wife and I) walked in we were greeted by both waitresses.  We felt welcome immediately.  The bar/restaurant is dark and intimate with a modern English type theme.  Although I did not partake in the libations this trip, it appeared they had a well-rounded selection of beers.

The kitchen is located behind the bar area and is almost a show kitchen.  It appeared that everything is made to order from fresh ingredients.

Our waitress was wonderful.  She was polite, attentive, and patient explaining the menu.

We started off with one of the four soups on the menu.  My wife and I shared a bowl of the hearty mushroom, walnut, and spinach soup.  It was served with homemade bread and butter.......Delicious.  I would go back just for that alone.  We also ordered a pot of English tea which complimented the entire meal.

My wife ordered the Philly Cheese pasty and I ordered the Shepard's Pie pasty.  Before I go on, a pasty is in the calzone family.  The main difference is a pasty is more of a pastry shell versus a heavy pizza dough.  Now that I can compare both, I choose the pasty.  Anyway, the Philly pasty was stuffed with square chunks of beef and accompanied by green bell pepper, onion and cheese.  It was served with a side of a mustard-dill sauce.  I stole a bite from the wife and it was delicious.

The Shepard's Pied pasty was everything it was billed to be:  Seasoned ground lamb, mashed potatoes, and cheddar cheese.  This was served with a side of red wine sauce which complimented the dish perfectly.  OMG......terrific!

Only one complaint........there is no wine menu; however, upon leaving, I mentioned to the caring waitress that a simple wine list is needed.  She seemed very interested and wanted to champion this task.  Now that's an employee who cares and I want her waiting on me in my future visits.
Great pasties! Place looks awesome! The only thing is no pavlova on my third visit..... Here's hoping my next visit they'll have it. All in all solid place.
So they are like hand pie's...for giants! Or for you food from the freezer type of folk...a hot pocket but so much better.

So the place is small, kind of divey but  in a good way. Love the booths, the benches are church pews. The bar is small but sufficient, beer and wine only. Our waitress/bartender (Mandi I think) was awesome, it wasn't too busy on a Sunday around 4pm. She was attentive and helpful, she was a hard worker.

We actually bumped into fellow Yelpers while we were there, Roger T. and family and Norm K. getting some pasties to go.

I was really in the mood for spice so I got the Chicken Tikka Masala and Doug got the Rosemary Steak. We shared some Garlic Fries. Mine was good, good flavor. The outside pastry of both were golden and flakey. Be careful the inside is hot, don't expect to pick it up and sink your teeth in. It was a good ratio of pastry to filler. The fries were garlicy as promised, baked nicely. Doug's was interesting, but it felt a bit salty to me. He ate it all happily of course with a nice English brew. We decided on some dessert, of course Doug got his pick of them because I knew all I could fit would be a few bites. Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding...it tasted like a warm chocolate chip muffin with butter, it had some crème on top and ice cream on the side. I liked the crispy bits on the outside and Doug liked the soft warm center. We're such a match. 
 
 The prices were good for the amount of food you get.

I would love to go back and try more pasties and desserts!
I've heard a lot of buzz about this place on Yelp and my hubby loves him a meat pie or pasty so this sounded like the place for us! 

It's located in Commercial Center in a very none disscript building just the name Cornish Pasty above the door. The interior is  awesome. They have reclaimed church pews for benches and a beautiful bar! The walls are covered in old pictures with really cool frames. 

Our waitress was very friendly, but the food! Omg the food!!! It was superb! I had the Philly Steak Pasty. It was huge! It was also filled with steak, mushrooms, onions, peppers and cheese all perfectly melted together in a toasty flaky pastry. On the side was a yummy gravy that just made the dish that much better when you spread it over the pasty. My husband had the Chicken Alfredo Pasty. It too was huge!!! It had chicken, ham, onions, cheese and potatoes. It came with a very zesty marinara sauce. We also ordered the Garlic Chips! Oh boy! It had tons of chopped garlic which I love. The fries were crisp yet soft. It was a great balance. It came with a ketchup that I think was house made cause it too was extra yummy! 

They have an excellent selection of beers that I will totally be back to try! Not only is this place delicious it is very inexpensive!! My husband and I ate for $24 not including tip. We left totally full and satisfied. I can not wait to go back!!! What a great new local business!!! I'll be spreading the word for sure!
Tired of the same ol' bar food on different plates? Then you have to try Cornish Pasty!  Pronounced pas ty from the word pasta.  Started with the oven baked fries, which are the very best fries we ever had.  14 and 20 oz hard ciders.  Then we had the steak-leek-portabella-zucchini-stinson cheese pasty and were amazed.  Had the sausage and cheddar with red wine sauce pasty also.  Can't decide which was our favorite as each was deliciously satisfying and unique. Had the sticky toffee pudding which was equally fantastic. Best part?  Everything!  Also only $40 for all of this!
Tried this new place with my BF and we LOVE it!!! The soup is beyond amazing, great beer on tap and a super cool atmosphere.  Food was great!!!
Good service and great food! I had the veggie chicken pesto pasty and it was amazing. You might consider splitting one if you plan to have dessert. They are quite filling. For you fellow vegetarians, they make their Pasties with Quorn brand faux meat and some without. The chips were great and don't let the appearance or name throw you on the mushy peas.  That was excellent as well!
We ordered 2 stuffed pies: Royale was excellent,  but the cajun chicken was okay. The Shirley  Temple sticky toffee pudding was a little burnt so it tasted bitter. Service was very nice. Definitely, we will go back to try other stuffed pies.
So yummy! Friendly staff and a great menu that will have me going back for more! I love the flakiness of the dough and the different sauces that were in my pasty. I have was on my lunch break and couldn't have some beer but I definitely want to go back to try some after work and have a delicious pasty once again. My fav was the balsamic mushroom.
My girlfriend and I went here yesterday for a late dinner and it was awesome. The ambiance is cool but not too cool, the staff are unique and fun, the beer selection is good, and the food is delicious. What more can you ask for? It's location is in a weird spot but once you find it you're good to go. I highly recommend this place.
Absolutely great food - I had the meat and potatoes pasty and a side of curried fries - both were great.  Large variety of beers and friendly staff.
I order the Carne adovara as my first  Pasty and a salmon Caesar salad delicious!!!. Great and friendly wait staff who brewed a fresh pot of ice tea for my order.  Great eclectic vibe here. Open kitchen concept where you can see them make the pastys on behind the center bar.. I really like what they have done here. A rock restaurant feel.. I will be a regular!
Banoffee?  Yes please! 

Thanks Roger and Riah for topping off the night with an amazing dessert! I had it bookmarked to try it, they suggested it...  so let's go! 

I was excited to try their famous pasties - entree and dessert.  They had warned me how huge these are so with a party of four, we split just 1!  We chose the pesto pasty that was filled with chicken, broccoli, mushrooms and of course pesto.  The crust that envelops the ingredients was different and delightful! It's a not a pizza crust type but had a lighter flaky texture.  Delicious!  On the side we split one of their huge side dishes of garlic mashed potatoes with cheese.  I love garlic and this did not disappoint.

So to the banoffee.  As it was explained to me ~ if you like banana cream pie, you'll love this! Graham cracker crust, house made caramel filling, whipped cream topped with sliced bananas.  Yum!  I fell in love immediately.  So delicious and huge dessert!  There is definitely enough to share especially if you are eating a full meal here.  We didn't just have one dessert to share, we also tried their caramel apple pasty that is served with vanilla ice cream on the side.  As if I didn't have enough to eat already, this again was large enough to share amongst us.  This was also pretty good but I'd stick with the banoffee. 

It was a different setting inside with church pews for seating at the tables. The people on some of their pictures followed you wherever you were.  We've all seen these.  The waitress was ok but nothing over the top.  

I will say I'm excited to bring more people here to try these tasty pasties!
I really wish I could eat this every day! such a cool out of the way place we stumbled on it when we were supposed to meet friends next door for dinner but there wasn't space available...thank goodness! because this was so much better. really nice atmosphere, everyone working there seems really cool and friendly but the best reason to go here is the delicious pasty's, which is basically like the most delicious giant hot pocket you've ever had. they have tons of filling options  fromtraditional meat and potato's to carne asada. but my favorite so far was the dessert Carmel apple yummmm!!!
I haven't had a pasty in a long time and I'm a bit lazy to make it (all that dough rolling)! 

I got the Lamb Vindaloo and it was full flavored delicious. The lamb was tender and I was really digging the sauce. I had a side of mint yogurt and even without it, it was good. I most definitely would get this again as it's up my wheelhouse.

The BF got shepherds pie which had a solid filling and it was a nice take to have a crust on it for a different texture than traditional. 

We also got the sticky toffee pudding (Shirley Temple Pudding on the menu). It came in a individual cast iron so it is hella hot! Don't burn yourself on it! I liked this because then the middle is soft, but you also get crispy edges if you eat from the middle out. It was a solid sticky toffee pudding. 

It was a positive experience so the following week we came back with a friend. 

I got the Peppered Steak this time and it was also a solid choice. I liked the stilton cheese in this one and it didn't really need the mustard sauce that came with it. The BF got the porky and our friend got the bangers and mash. Both were happy with their choices too.

I find our waitress super adorable and she's friendly and pretty attentive both times we've been in. We're checked on, we have drinks refilled and paying in a timely manner has been no issue. 

Definitely a fan of this place. The crust is perfect crisp consistency and the pasty are filling. It's a good spot for various types of taste too as there is a filling for just about everyone. I'm not normally in this area, but the BF and I will make this a regular spot I think.
Amazing.   Yummy...peppered steak.   Best Meal In Vegas. ..Will return.Vegas Best Kept Secret. .Ops Now Its Out...
Brand new place, great beer selection, and delicious pasties. I'm always looking for something new, and this fit the bill. I'll definitely be back!
Ok ok they aren't hipster hot pockets. They are small pastries made in heaven by babes and I want to catch them all. Like Pokemon or some shit.
The gravy... Is to die for, I could eat a bowl of it! Can't go wrong, close your eyes and point at the menu. You'll love it.
Was hard to find at first and looked very intimidating, but once you got in it was a very chill environment/pub. Friendly people and low key. Oh yeah, AND GREAT PASTIES(rhymes with last)!
This place is rad. Relaxed staff, intense beer selection, and perfect hangover food. Since my first time there I've been a fan.

I'm a little biased to the atmosphere because their playlist is on point, but aside from the music the aesthetic is awesome. The miner photos are a nice touch to the fine lighting.  I'll never go to a restaurant without snooping out the bathroom, and I love that they decided not to remodel them from the last restaurant's kitschy Spanish motif. 

The menu is excellent. After visiting there a few times at this point, I've gotten a nice scoop of everything they have to offer and haven't been dissatisfied once. I'd go just for the soups, but if  you're going to have that-  you might as well try  the broccoli, and if you're going to have the broccoli - you should really just invite a bunch of friends and try out the full menu. 

The staff is knowledgeable and fun.  It's definitely a place to sample a few beers, and make a few favorites. With rotating taps as well as iconic staples - everyone's tastes are filled.


I look forward to visiting here again, and would recommend it to anyone!
Many people have commented about the location of Cornish, but don't let that stop you. Each time I have gone it has been late afternoon, early evening. But having lived in Las Vegas for many years I remember being in that area at all hours of the day and night (Anyone remember Mary K arcade) and never had any issues

This was my second time to Cornish Pasty Co. Both time I came with family and kids. The youngest being 15 months old. Each time we were able to find a table with ease and the staff was very attentive and helpful with suggestions and tips. We had some questions about some of the beers on the menu and the server was able to give a good description and offered to get us a sample. Because of her knowledge and those samples we ordered beers with our meal as well. I think the most frustrating thing about the menu is that everything sounds so good.One thing that we figured out on our own is to have backup plans for everything you plan on ordering in case they are out. My son wanted an order of mushy peas and they were out and then again when we went to order dessert they were out of the Banoffee Pie. Other than that everyone was extremely happy with their orders. The over chips were on point, not too crispy that they were dried out, but not too mushy either. The garlic mashed potatoes were another hit off of the sides menu. I was a little disappointed with the broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake. I read in one review that is was like a vegan mac and cheese. Well to me mac and cheese is creamy and gooey. The order we got was more like an au gratin and not very creamy. Was still very good just not what i was expecting. Last really good thing is that the food is well seasoned. I didn't once have to ask someone to pass the salt or pepper. Kudos to the staff. 

A few other things to keep in mind there is no custom ordering of pasties. They are made in batches and cannot be customized. 

All of the desserts are large enough to share between at least two people. The Banoffee pie and Chocolate Bread and Butter pudding are good examples of that. 

My Favorite is the Stocky Toffee pudding, again you can share it but after 1 bite you won't want to. either way i don't see how you can go wrong here.
I'm going to give this place a 3 on my first try and I'm more than willing to try it again.  
The restaurant is pub like setting.  Don't be afraid of the hood :)

What is behind my 3 stars is that everything I ate was salty.  When we had arrived, we got lucky because it was not at the time busy.  There seemed to be only one person on the floor taking care of the bar and the orders.  I had to chase him down for a refill on my tea.  

I started off with Mushroom walnut spinach soup.  Its the consistency of chunky baby food.  I think what I should have done was see if I could of taste tested the soups they had available before choosing this.  I attempted to finish the soup but really couldn't because of the saltiness.  Even dipping the bread didn't help.  

I love garlic fries, so I went for the garlic oven chips.  Its almost like steak fries.  It wasn't smothered in garlic as I would have wanted to my liking, but again the over seasoning of salt overwhelmed the "homemade" taste.  

For my pasty I had the shepards pie.  I have a thing for shepards pie so that was why I chose that.  Now my description of a pasty is a combination of a Empenada/Porowski (If you know what those are), but on steroids.  You may think that the portions look small, but if you are not that hungry, I bet you will take your other half home.  I went for lamb in my pasty and as I took a bite, I thought that I should of went the latter.  The gravy has more of a wine taste than regular brown gravy.  So, I attempted to put Siracha on it, but they had the Lum Kee Siracha.  Must get the rooster one.  

That was my experience, from my point of view.  I'm not willing to give up on this place.  I'll find a pasty that I like so I can enjoy along with other yelpers that liked Cornish Pasty Co.
Once again, I violated the pact held in high regard by my co workers, the Ethnic Cleansing Day, a day where we all get together to try a new eatery that no one has tried and preferably culturally diverse.  I just couldn't resist after trying to hit up Komol.  I had no idea they were right next door to each other. 

I heard rave reviews from the pasty kings, no not that kind of pasty (ie. Havasu/Sorting Break/need I say more). I do not frequent places East of LVB north of Flamingo, Don't ask me why.  You will find the CPC nestled in the once prestigious Commercial Center just East of LVB on Sahara.  There isn't very much out there, so hard to miss.  Just don't go wondering into the notorious "Vista" area.

The ambiance exhibits a low light atmosphere expected of most British Style Pubs.  The dining area consists of a huge island bar that accompany seats all around.  The majority of the other seating was made up of large tables and benches, some of which were sketchy at best (weight tolerance wise).  Otherwise, even as dark as it was, the lighting was more than adequate and provided a shadow barrier between sections to separate parties.

I started the day with a 20 oz. Boddington draft, while the wifey tried the iced tea, which she loved.  I was excited for the upcoming Pacquiao vs. Bradley rematch and needed to make sure I put some hefty cushion in the tummy for the alcohol waterboarding that was fiXing to take place.

Therefore, I opted for the Pilgrim while the wifey ordered the Shepard's Pie pasty along with a side of chips and mushroom/walnut/spinach soup.  The soup came out first and was hot from the assembly line, the chips (fries) came soon after.  The soup was rich and flavorful with different contrasts, but boy was it salty.  The same went for the chips, for some reason they seemed like they were rubbed and marinated with sea salt because it seemed imbedded in each bite.  We had to douse them in ketchup as an equalizer, believe it or not.  The fake siracha didn't help either, unlike with piroskis and enpanadas...call me crazy.  Without the Bodd, I would have shriveled like a slug since I would have been cured by all that salt.  Beware!

The pasties on the other hand were a hit.  They come sliced in halves on what looks to be served on some sort of ball peen hammered pewter dish, although, it felt skimpier than metal, either way it was a nice touch aesthetically.  The Pilgrim reminded me of the Bobby from Capastrami and is complemented with cranberry sauce and wine gravy.  The Shepard's Pie contained the normal mash but filled with ground lamb instead of beef, wHich was delicious but could have used more peas.

Overall, I would have to rate our experience on a high three, but not quite a solid four, due to the salty chips.  During my second visit I got the Bangers and Mash and traded half with someone for a Carne Adovado.  Yet, it was not enough to change my rating, so CPC lucked out with a rounded up score of four stars (in actuality a 3.75).
OK. Fourth time eating here, ordering the same thing every time, and I have to admit - the Oggie is a little salty. Not sure if it's a combination of the filling and the crust or just the filling, but every time I've noticed it more. Telltale sign is I end up drinking at least 5 glasses of liquid (i.e. water or beer) with my pasty, which is even more than I drink at an Indian buffet.

Alas! There *is* a significant difference between the Cornish Pasty Co.'s Oggie and the traditional Upper Peninsula of Michigan pasties I grew up with. The cut of the potatoes is completely different. The Oggie's potatoes are cut au gratin style. Most if not all U.P. pasties' potatoes are diced. The palatable truth comes out only after the ketchup has been slathered on, and you realize that you use far less ketchup when eating the Oggie versus a traditional U.P. pasty. 

Still good though. The crust is superbly executed and the meat quality is fantastic. If you can get over the au gratin cut potatoes and the salt quotient, this is still a great effort. And, you're 2000 miles away from the American mecca of pasties... what are you gonna do?
Yep. I'm in love with a pasty. My buddy April F. and I decided to check out all the hype. We went during our lunch break so it was not very crowded. As much as I am familiar with commercial center (no, I'm not a frequenter of the Green Door), the location was not readily visible. It's in the middle part of restaurants in the center of commercial center. The decor is very hip using old church pews for seating. The music must have been on a British Rock playlist which I appreciated. 

ON TO THE FOOD!!! I ordered the Oggie and she got the Cottage Pie. Maybe it was because it was the middle of the day but I was informed that I could not order mushy peas (my favorite!!) and the pasties took about a half hour to come out. WORTH THE WAIT!! I slowly cut off a piece of my piping hot pasty, dipped it into my accompanying red gravy sauce and gently placed it into my awaiting mouth. SO DELICIOUS!!! I washed it down with my fresh lemonade (no alcohol since work was after lunch boo!). Perfection. 

I really like that you can order half baked Oggies to bring home. The service was good despite the seemingly long wait for the food but I get it takes a bit to get those bad boys nice and crispy. We will definitely be back and definitely during a time when we can wash our pasties down with some of the beer on tap. Next time, I will also attempt to save room for dessert since it looked pretty amazing. 

In summary, WORTH THE HYPE!
Totally chill atmosphere with a great selection of music and great food. We had the cheese steak and the royale and each pairs nicely with their red wine gravy. Staff is great as well. My only sad point and not enough to deduct a star was they only has red label Smithwicks. After walking past several times to go to Thai next door we will definitely be back! And OMG I don't even like apples but the apple pasty for dessert is f*ing amazing!
I LOVE this place! The staff is super friendly and attentive, and the food is so delicious and incredibly satisfying. Best part is that ALL the Pastys are under $10. How awesome right?! I've been back three times and everything has been consistently glorious. Thank you Cornish Pasty Co. for existing.

-Marissa
This is my first time coming here. I'm not sure if I got something that you should get. BUT the bread or crust was really excellent. The service was good as well. All in all it's different than the average place to eat .
The pasties are yummy and the variety is almost overwhelming. I ordered the chicken tikka and boy oh boy was it such an incredibly tasty pasty! The service was not overly quick but well paced because they bake the pasty fresh.  I am interested in the dessert options
Great find in a hard to find spot. Both classic pasties and interesting new ones sometimes straying across cultures to the world of empanadas and samosas with a twist. Interesting beer on tap and a larger selection in both bottle and can. Had the shepherds pie version well spiced with a red wine gravy. They weigh in close to a pound apiece so go hungry or share. 

Location hint it is in the building in the middle of the parking lot not around the edges.
Came back to this gem.... And I have to say.... Pav game is on point.... Just saying. Well done fellas.
This place is simply fantastic!  Cool atmosphere (Think British Pub with church pews for benches), great, friendly staff and the FREAKING BEST PUB FOOD EVER.  Whatever your taste, they have a pasty or dish to satiate your hunger.  I just really can't say enough good things!  If you come to Vegas, sure hit the Tao, the Bellagio & whatever.  You'll have failed if you don't go here.  It's really that good.
When i first saw the name of this place, i thought "pasty" was pronounced with a long "a" sound. I was wrong! No nipple pasties here (at least none seen). I'm not a beer drinker, so i can't comment on that, but i am totally obsessed with the cottage pie (with beef)! It's the only pasty i order. I know i should try the other delicious-sounding things on the menu, but THIS is the BEST! You must order it! Then order the dessert with strawberries and kiwis, piled high with some type of meringue or whipped cream. I forgot the name. As soon as i sunk my teeth into it, my memory went away! You gotta check out this place!
Finally got a chance to visit the Pasty.  First, it is in a hard to find location if you aren't familiar with the hidden restaurants inside commercial center off of Sahara. Situated right next to Komol, the restaurant does indeed have the feel of a pub with the center of attention the beautiful bar.  I came here for lunch and there were about 3 tables full and 3 people at the bar and one waitperson to handle all of us.  As a result, it appeared she was the proverbial chicken with her head cut off, often scurrying past me several times before taking my order, bringing my check, etc.  I have to hand it to her though, she managed to keep my tea filled and was friendly! She had excellent knowledge of the menu and the popular items.

Word of caution: if you only have an hour lunch and it takes 15 minutes each way, don't come here unless you order ahead, this place is not quick, and that is probably because the pastry shell needs time to cook.  I watched them prep my meat and cheese pasty and it takes time.  The pasty is filled with large chunks of what reminded me of square meatballs and a cheddary cheese.  I have to say, I was expecting to be disappointed and not have much filling inside like so many calzones and empanadas I have tried.  Luckily, I was pleasantly surprised as my pasty came filled to the brim and I killed 3 days of dieting in one meal.  The red wine gravy was excellent!

All in all, the unique offerings here coupled with the extensive pub brew list (including strongbow cider) puts this restaurant on my regular rotation.

Sure there are some bugs to work out with the service (A customer at the bar said yesterday they had 6 waitpeople) and if you don't want pasty, your choices are limited to salads and appetizers, but Cornish Pasty Co. is a welcome addition to the area.
Located in Commercial Center, their appearance seems to want to scare people away. But go there and eat and drink. I tried the regular Cornish pasty, and the sausage and mash pasty. Both are excellent, pastry is light and delicious. One is enough for a meal. Firestone IPA on draft, what more could anyone want.
My big group of friends and I stumbled upon this place randomly when we tried to go eat at Lotus of Sian (which was on the eaters 38 list)... This place, though, was not! Random location with blacked out doors. We were scared to walk in but one of our friends had been to another CPC before so we went inside. I've never had pasties, my boyfriend is from Detroit and has been exposed to them. They were amazing! they quickly got a table together to accommodate 12 people. Note, they don't usually have all this space available. The waitress so so sweet and recommended great dishes. She didn't seem annoyed at all that she had to wait on a table filled with drunk adults. The spicy chicken and bangers and mash were to die for. Everyone enjoyed all the food and all the beer selections that they had. Will recommend this place again and again for Vegas!
4 1/2 stars. Located in the strip center of the Siam Thai restaurant and next to Komul Thai restaurant. I came in for lunch during the week and the place was fairly quiet.

I heart the decor and layout of the place which is on the smaller side. This was my first experience eating a pasty which is was staple of miners in Britain and is a pastry folded over with a filling of meat, vegetables, etc.  - The selection here is very diverse and the pasties are made fresh daily. 
  
I started off with the Cream of Leek, Potato & Stilton cup of soup served with fresh soft bread. Oh it was delish and I finished every drop. My pasty choice was the Lamb and Mint - Lamb, potatoes, rutabaga, onion, and fresh mint. Instead of the side of red wine gravy I requested the chicken gravy to meet my allergy diet requirement. It took probably 15 minutes for my pasty to arrive and it was cooked perfectly crusty crisp on the outside and the inside filling hot and flavorful. I asked for extra sauce which my friendly waitress promptly fulfilled my request. 

I'm definitely going to returning here again!
What I experienced here is definitely not for the health conscious, but I did see salads on the menu. I opted for the Royale Pasty, which is basically a hamburger in pasty form. The food took a while to make it's way to the table, which is understandable because it is baked. My Royale was nine bucks and is served ala carte. No salad or fries on the side here, however, the Royale is made with fries on the inside. With a drink, lunch was north of twelve bucks, excluding tip. The service was good and the drinks were never empty. The atmosphere was nice with some classic rock 'n roll playing throughout. Looks like they've got a nice selection of beers on tap too! I'd put it at three and a half stars, but have to round to the nearest whole number. Good enough to round up for an even four star rating.
Quality food but not my kind of thing.  Music was too loud with few customers there during lunch time.
We went to the Phoenix Goldwater location just last week and couldn't get enough! It was fantastic. The Vegas location, however, is a big letdown. It's in a not-so-great part of town with a nondescript storefront bar. There is no dining room and the atmosphere is COMPLETELY different. If you like dark, rock music-filled dive bars, this is your place. The one server was the best! As for the food, only about half the selection as Phoenix (NO SCOTCH EGGS)! The oven chips were good, but loaded with so many jalapeños, I couldn't finish (and I'm usually good with heat). The pasties were much thinner than in Phoenix. Mine fell apart in my hand and that's not supposed to happen. The filling was great, though. I just think I'll wait to go back to Phoenix.
This place was awesome. My husband and I stopped by for dinner tonight. We both had the Oggie and were impressed. The seating situation was a little awkward, with just the two of on a long church pew. My husband didn't want to sit on the bicycle style metal chairs. But seating aside, the overall experience was great. The service was good, although I felt our server paid waaaaaay more attention to other customers who were ordering and sampling different beers. Our server was nice, though. And most importantly, the food was fantastic.
This place is friggin' awesome. Been several times and always had a great experience. Menu is huge but not overwhelming. Food is reliably good. Great beer selection, prompt service and a really awesome interior. Don't let the location turn you away.
Haven't had a Pasty since my last visit to Lead/Deadwood,. South Dakota. (where they used to sell them to the miners of the Homestake Gold Mine).

Chose the OGGIE....the original...it was perfect, hearty, and delicious. I will definately be back!.
This place is a hidden Gem.  So fresh.  I order to go. but next time i will eat in.
The out side is very intimidating but give it a minute inside.  
The food speak by it self.

Full of flavors and a lot of options.  Even the Vegi menu have a lot.  The service was great, Kendall, great server, attentive, great customer service and friendly.

KUDOS to the chef who make this Master piece of Pastries.
This was my second visit- this with my guy.  (First with my bf and her Brit Husband.  I had to get his approval, since I know little of pasties) ..more side notes-  I am born and raised in Michigan, the miners migrated there (upper) and took their Pasty tradition with-- but in my Ann Arbor area they were known as 'pocket pies'.
OK on to the restaurant.  Wonderful, warm, stick to the belly food.  Brit said 5 stars by the way.  I have had soup, cant remember the name, delicious- salad- Greek, delicious.  Second visit- last Friday-I had the Vegan special- packed full of marvelous veggies and a salad- my man had the lamb and didn't say a word cause he was too busy eating!!  Yes - he wants to go back.  Also he is a dark beer lover and many places do nothing but offer the Mexican dark and Newcastle- but here he had not only darks, but some tap gems he also liked.
I'm giving this 4 stars because the seats are tractor seats with that BIG hump in front (don't know how the guys like it) for me it was a bit 'in the way'.  If I wanted to scoot close to my guy or up to the bar a bit--hump the bump--no way.  haha
Now for the only REAL downside, the elephant in the room-- location.  Seedy, scary, haha, but really the worse part is the famous 'sewer' smell of certain locations in Vegas.  Why the town can't figure out how to 'fix' this I have no idea.  But the location is in that old 'square shaped' shopping center between Sahara and Karen (Paradise and Maryland Pky) you'll find:  Lotus of Siam (good Thai) and Komul Thai (have not tried yet) along with some real creepy looking places.  Don't let that scare you away.
Atomsphere:nice, cozy.  Service: very attentive, we sat at the bar. Food: fantastic. 
Prices: $38 for 2 inc. 1 beer.  Nice local place that won't disappoint.
Food was so good, I forgot to take pics.
I have tried a few of the meat pasties, they were very good. I have a to try a few more of the other ones. I think I will be focusing on the dessert pasties for a while.
Stopped in for a quick dinner with a friend, ordered a salmon pasty.  I would highly recommend.  The Shirley temple dessert was also super fabulous. Two winners. I will be going back soon.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while. It's in the same shopping complex as Lotus of Siam so I could never hit it up as long as Lotus was open. Last Sunday night, it was on. The place was small and seemed more bar than restaurant. The vibe was trendy, "hipsterry" and industrial which translates to the chairs being a bit uncomfortable. 

We were in the mood for some serious meat pie and my husband ordered the Meat and Cheese pasty which has pork, sausage, cheddar and swiss cheeses. I went with the Cheese Steak pasty. We ordered a side of mushy peas but they were out. Out of mushy peas?! Sacrilege! They must bake the items to order because the wait for our food felt pretty long. Definitely longer than 20 minutes. When the food finally arrived, I was surprised by how large the portions were. The steak in my pasty was flavorful and the pie was piping hot. The crust was dense enough to hold all the filling yet flaky on the outside.

We decided to end our meal with tea and dessert. We ordered the Sticky Toffee Pudding and the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding. The toffee pudding was the undisputed winner of the two and we should've gotten two of that instead. At the end, the meal was pretty cheap and the pies were delicious but were definitely too heavy for me to crave as a regular meal. Not a lot of places in Vegas that serve legit pie and the Cornish Pasty Co. satisfies.
An unusual find in Vegas. 
I grew up on the UP of Michigan so am familiar with pasties. I never really cared for the traditional ground beef/pork,potato, rutabaga, and onion versions. 
This place has them but also a huge selection of other options filled with stuff I like to eat. 
I had the veggie Mexican and enjoyed it. They had some desserts that looked awesome but I had to pass. 
Here is a tip- let it cool a bit before eating. 
Anyone from the UP will understand when I say this place would have a lot of old Finns rolling in their graves but let em roll. I'd come back anytime.
Great place! Some of the best off the strip food I've ever had in Vegas. I had the shepherds pie pasty and garlic chips. The garlic chips are the best I've ever had. Try this place now.
Great food! First time trying pasty, it was excellent. A perfectly baked pastry dough with a golden brown exterior, stuffed with so much goodness.  I ordered the lamb mint pasty, nicely spiced and served with a flavorful red wine sauce.  This place is a must try when in Vegas. Cheers!
I almost dont want to review this place, because I like it being my little secret. The food and drinks are great, very cozy atmosphere mixed with comfort food. The people are fun. The food is authentic and the menu is a pretty decent size. My two favorites are the chicken pot pie and Philly steak.
Come hungry because portions are huge but order a beer and relax while they prepare your food. It's not fast good, it's oven baked awesomeness. I had the Cajun Chicken, wife had the Italian. We were both very happy with our choices. I'll be coming back on my next Vegas trip.
Having been to this area before for a different restaurant, I was surprised to see that Cornish Pasty Co. was in a place I was familiar with. With an unsuspecting exterior, this place had a modern homey feel to it when I walked in. The only thing I have to complain about is the schoolroom carpet: one color, thin and boring. The old church pews that served as booths were a plus -- I definitely thought they were charming. Lastly, make sure your butt pockets don't have buttons. The bar stools will eat them.

I have never been to a pub. I didn't know what to expect when it came to the food, let alone was pasties were like. The wait for your food is worth it. I ordered the Bangers and Mash (pork sausage with sage, cut into cubes topped with rich mashed potatoes); my mom had their garden salad. I'm assuming her dressing was excellent because no sooner so I see her dip a cucumber into it, she's pouring the whole thing all gun ho'.

Cornish Pasty Co. offers a wide variety of options; even a whole section dedicated to those that are partial to vegetarianism. I didn't see their dessert options, but am aware that they offer them, as a couple behind me were enjoying something sweet. Also, their alcohol selection was highly varied from your typical bar fare to more ethnic choices.

I will be sure to stop by this location when the sun sets for dinner because as it stands, it's too hot to enjoy a lunch there.
One of the girls at work had her Tech go out for lunch for us.  I've never had pastry like this other than at faires back east.  She got the Mexican and also the Greek pastries and we shared both.  I really liked the Mexican a lot, it was delicious and had a good kick to it.  The Greek was also good, but I liked the Mexican a lot more.  Since this was a take out that was brought to us, I look forward to visiting the location in the near future.  I'm not too happy of where it's located, not the best part of town, but it will be worth going there.
Sometimes, you see people's food pictures on instagram and think, "Wow that looks amazing," but when you finally try it, it doesn't live up to your expectations.This is is exactly what didn't happen at Cornish Pasty Co!

Atmosphere: The place has has a dark lighting, but so dark that you can't read your menu. It's always a little awkward when you can't read the menu. I liked that it wasn't bright. You can either choose to sit at the bar, tables for two, or a table for about 6 people. Although, I only went with one other person, we opted for the bigger table because we knew we would get a couple of things and needed room.

Food: 
Cottage pie: Ahhh, such a nice flaky crust. The crust ha a good thickness to it. The inside was mashed potatoes, ground beef, cheese. I was surprised that there was so much cheese, but I loved it! This pasty tasted pretty good alone, but with the gravy, it was absolutely amazing! Just drench the whole thing in it, its delicious! We split this and it still felt like a lot of food. 

Oven chips: If there's a fry option, I have no choice but to choose it. The fries just call my name.."Mica, choose me, eat me!" Who am I to argue? We opted for the choice of garlic and jalapeños on our fries. Usually I'm used to the jalapeños being tossed into food as slices, but they diced it up and mixed it in with the garlic. These were pretty spicy. My friend, Kat O. has a high spicy tolerance and even she thought it was spicy, that's saying a lot. I kind of wish we got cheese on it. 

Banoffee: I was a little disappointed with this. The caramel and whip cream was too much. It was basically a whip cream cake. I did, however, enjoy the graham cracker crust. I think it was just to sweet for my taste. I was pretty set on this so I kind of forced it on us to try it, despite being full. I think I may have been better off with just the pasty and fries.
Love this place!!! Love the food love the vibe. Salmon Salad amazing!! Can't wait to go again!!
A fantastic addition to Commercial Center!  Cool reclaimed church pews, great selection of draught beers and delicious food!  We shared the traditional Oggie, filled with tender steak and potatoes with a side of wine gravy.  My GF had the half salmon salad - the salmon was fantastic!  I had the sausage salad - it is huge!  Tons of sage sausage with crispy romaine, roasted red peppers, feta, served with a yummy mustard cream dressing. I read that their sticky toffee pudding rivaled Gorden Ramsay's.  I can compare them but I and tell you that Cornish Pasty's is delicious.  Served in a lava hot pot ( I know I touched it - I never listen), it is bubbling with a delicious caramel sauce.  The cold vanilla ice cream is a perfect partner.  I can't wait to try the other pasties!
Cornish Pasty Co. is a little hard to spot when you get to the plaza.  I was thinking it was near Lotus of Siam so when I walked by LoS and didn't see it.   I was a little confused to where it was.  That was until I looked around and noticed it was across the huge parking lot from me.  Ugh!!   Everything was good when I got inside though.

Anyways, on to the Pasties.  When I saw pics of them on yelp, I had a general idea how big they were.  Unfortunately, I made the mistake of ordering two pasties and getting super stuffed.  I didn't anticipate how dense one of the pasties would be.  I went ahead and ordered the Royale with Cheese since it seemed pretty popular and to balance it out with a veggie option, I went with the Balsamic Portabello.

Royale with Cheese --  http://bit.ly/1ngvJrW
Hamburger, (medium or well) French fries, grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon, cheddar Swiss blend, Side of ranch, 1000 island, ketchup, or BBQ sauce.
The Royale with Cheese was good, but I'm not sure if it's something I'd order again.  It was way too dry for me.  The fries and puff pastry combined made this pasty a little hard to swallow even after spreading the special sauce around it.  The beef hamburger inside was pretty good though.

Balsamic Portabello --  http://bit.ly/1ngvu07
Balsamic marinated portobello mushrooms, fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers and fresh basil. With a side of marinara.
I'd say that my favorite between the two Pasties I ordered was definitely the Balsamic Portabello.  It was pretty much like eating a calzone.  You just gotta love gooey mozzarella and mushrooms.  The pastry on this one wasn't as dense as the Pastry on the Royale with Cheese.

Overall, I was pretty impressed with their Pasties and liked how many different types of Pasties they made over there.  If I lived in Vegas, I'd probably visit them quite often to try all of them.
Five stars all the way!
I finally got around to trying this place and, damn, I'm sorry I waited so long. It's really fantastic food! Yeah, it's in a sketchy, post-apocalyptic-looking shopping center and all, but the food is absolutely phenomenal! I almost regret even posting this review because I kind of want to keep this place as much of a secret as possible. I could go on and on, but I'll spare you.
In a nutshell: They offer a wide variety of pasties. So many, in fact, I can't see ever choosing one without being a little bummed you didn't go another way. They are hot, filling, freshly-made comfort food at it's best. That's really the best I can do here. I lack the vocabulary to do them the justice they deserve. You just need to try one for yourself. You will not be disappointed. If you are, you are probably a real jerk.
The dining room is small and cozy and (yikes!) dark. All of which, I dig. The seating sucks, though. It's either big, communal tables or some of the most form-fitting chairs I've ever let get to 3rd base. They had a delicious dark beer (can't remember the name), but I couldn't handle sitting on those seats long enough to drink more than 2.
(Yep. The seats suck that bad and I'm still giving them a 5 for their food)
Beyond that, the staff is friendly and attentive and the like and the prices are very reasonable. You can actually do it "take and bake", for a discounted price, if you prefer. We did a caramel apple pasty that way and it was awesome.
So, yeah, this place is a fantastic find and, no matter how badly I may want to keep it a secret, I can not recommend it highly enough. I think this calls for a "BOOYAH"!
Lotus of Siam had too long of a wait so I wandered over here.  Great little hole in the wall dinner spot.  Meat pastries dominate the menu and they are actually quite filling at an average of $9 each.  Definitely a different food experience than anything else I've had in Vegas.  Decent beer selection as well.  I got The Pilgrim, which was like Thanksgiving in a pastry, delish.  Came with a side of their red wine gravy and cranberry sauce.  

Only complaint was I ordered thier baked potato fries as an appetizer but they didn't even come out by the time I finished my Pilgrim.  Not sure if they had started a new batch for my order or what.  The waitress took it off my bill without a second thought though.  She was working by herself but still managed to deliver decent service.

Place is way off the strip (a plus in my book if you are driving) in a somewhat deserted shopping mall.  Worth a try if you are looking for a no hassle made-from-scratch dinner that's easy on the wallet.
I really enjoyed this place. The staff is not only friendly, but just plain cool. The vibe is like a really great bar-- but without the nasty , disgusting, cigarette smoke. Then there's the food-- delicious! And so much to choose from including plenty of veggie and vegan options, a fantastic dessert menu, and a huge variety of beers. I'll be back. A lot.
First of all, this place is in the Commercial Center Shopping Complex off Sahara, which in itself is a sketchy area (located near some fetish clubs, a swingers club and a men's bath house)...Went in here on a whim during lunch break. When I first walked in, there was only one other customer, some guy sitting at the bar, nursing a beer. Bartender (think his name was Liam???) immediately greeted me, asked me what he could get me to drink and presented me a menu. Liam (if that's his name) was super friendly, and took his time explaining all about the different kinds of Pastys' since I had never had one...his customer service couldn't have been any more wonderful. As time went by, the place started filling up pretty quickly and Liam (??) was on a roll, giving awesome customer service to all who came through the door as he was acting as bartender, server and cashier!
When my pasty arrived, I was pleasantly surprised...toasty golden brown on the outside....I cut into it and it looked pretty great....I got the cottage pie pasty: beef, mashed potatoes, veggies, etc. It comes with some type of gravy to pour over it/dip into it...gravy was amazing. However, I was disappointed as I felt the beef was under seasoned. I also expected the pasty to be a little more light and flaky, like the top of a pot pie...but if that is how they originally are made then so be it. 
Customer service: 5 stars
Food: 3 stars (would have been 4 if the beef had been more seasoned)

Definitely will be back though to try some of the other pastys'!!!
I am British (and have eaten many Cornish pasties) and have to say this place is excellent! Even though they were out of mushy peas and HP, the quality of the pasties were outstanding. I will be back to satisfy my craving for home cooked food! British cooking at it's best. Try it!
Always.. So..Delicious. 

This place does it right. In an assuming building in the commercial center off of Sahara Ave., This place is a welcome addition to the local food scene.

Seriously fantastic. I'm a big fan of fresh baked goods, savory or sweet. Cornish Pasty has it down.  I've had 5 or 6 different Pasty's.. and both the mushroom walnut spinach soup, and potato leek are two rich and delicious reasons that I frequent spot place!

Service is friendly, and the price for a meal is just right. Give it a bite! You'll be glad you did! Happy Eating!
Love this place! 
Food is fantastic, service is very friendly, and it's reasonably priced.
The red wine gravy is to die for!
It doesn't get better than this.

They make the pasties from scratch here and it shows.  These are light years ahead of pasties I've had in Butte, MT (a mining town).  They are billions and billions of light years ahead of the nasty, ass-flavored pasties I've consumed at various "British pubs" throughout the Midwest.  These pasties are almost certainly better than anything you can get in the UP of Michigan, though I've thankfully never been to Yooperland.

Great beer selection and superior service.

I know, I know, it's in the sketchy Commercial Center.  If you're ascared, just go there during the day...it will be OK!!!

I can't envision coming to Vegas again w/o making a trip here.  It's just that good.
If you've ever thought to yourself, "yeah, light lunch...that's stupid, I'm starving." then Cornish Pasty will be your friend.

It's a cozy, low-key joint with the most comfortable church pews I've ever sat in, a great beer selection, and an extensive menu of Pasty's that all look absolutely amazing. I've tried about 7 different kinds, and my favorite is the pretty traditional Sheperd's Pie, which is ridiculously good.  The crust is light and buttery and delicious, and the fillings are always amazing. They also have a ton of vegetarian options, which I have not tried, but one of my Veggie Co-workers waxed Rhapsodic over. Apparently it's hard to do vegetarian Chicken pot pie? 

Deserts are crazy good, as long as you don't mind a sugar/cream coma. I'm personally a huge fan of the Puddings, both Sticky Toffee and Chocolate bread. ooohh, so good.

Pros:
- Really good prices for the food you get, friendly staff, and unless they are totally packed, a very quick lunch spot.
- Puddingsssssss.
- If you like playing menu pokemon, it will take you at least a solid month of coming every day to catch em all, and so far, 7 in, they are all delicious.
- Easy parking
- I think staff picks the music, and it's usually pretty awesome.

Cons;
- I don't even want to know the calorie count. 
- Nearly impossible to Not Get Desert.
Went today for lunch.  Saw a article in the Las Vegas paper.  I had the Oggie (traditional for me of course) and my wife had the Bangers and Mash.  Both were excellent.  I am a genuine Yooper having eaten my first pasty over 60 years ago.  The Oggie was better than many of the ones found at roadside Finnish Pasty shops in Da UP (Upper Peninsula of Michigan) and on par with some of the homemade ones I've had.  Next time I might try something different because they have a huge variety.
Amazingly delicious meat filled pockets of heaven.  Don't let the location scare you from visiting here, it's more than worth it.   Ordered the royal which is basically a bacon cheeseburger in a pasty.  So perfectly balanced and fantastic.  Husband got the eggplant parmesan, equally delicious.   Mushy peas were perfect.   They also have a ton of beers and some hard cider choices.   Highly recommend.
As a British person living in LV for almost 10 yrs now, I often get asked, "do you miss home" my response has typically been "I miss the food"
This is where Cornish Pasty Co comes in. I've travelled the world several times and this place does a pasty right. Like many of the reviews say, don't be put off by the location. I'd drive to a war zone for the food here. Our server was friendly and helpful, the craft beer selection is awesome and my wife discovered a new favourite cider with the Aspall, I highly recommend the Oven Chips with garlic, I had the Lamb and Mint pasty which was perfect and then the Sticky Toffee Pudding which was out of this world. It's hard to pick a meal highlight because everything was great. Thank you Cornish Pasty Co. For bringing a taste of home for me to LV. I'll be back. Regularly!!
Came here for lunch with my friend (a local) during a recent business trip to Vegas.  I specifically mention that we came for lunch because when I first mentioned it to my friend, he described the area as "a bit sketchy" and was concerned about going there a night.  So, lunch it was!  And an excellent lunch it was too!  Arriving sometime after 1pm, we enjoyed ample parking (in a giant, somewhat sketchy strip mall), and just a handful of customers in the restaurant.  We grabbed two seats at the bar and were greeted promptly.

Side note: I read complaints in other reviews about the bar seats.  They are not bar stools, at least not like any stools I have sat on before.  They are formed, metal seats that I felt offered a much better sense of stability.  Were they comfortable?  Well, they didn't bother me at all.

OK, back to the meal.  I ordered the Oggie, their "Traditional" pasty, which was filled with steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga, and served with a side of red wine gravy.  My friend ordered the Shepherd's Pie, which as it so happened, the cook was assembling fresh right before our eyes.  This food is hearty, savory and delicious!  The staff are friendly and inviting.  All said and done, even with it's off the beaten path location, my friend (the local) thanked me for discovering CPC and told me that he will be a frequent visitor.  Give it a shot!  You will not be disappointed.
Really tasty place! They have a large selection of beers, both bottle and draft.  Also, their food is pretty awesome.  We had the bangers and mash, meat and cheese and rosemary steak.  The wine gravy was divine and the sage sausage was perfect.  The music and ambiance was hipster and super cute. The only ish was that the tables were not super clean.  The seats had some crumbs and goo so we opted for the bar.
The Skinny: sporting a short crust pastry shell, the unique and innovative flavors will have you coming back again (3.75) service: not bad for a British pub (4) value: for about $10ish you get a pretty good tuck in (4).

This joint kind of feels like a hole in the wall pub from the outside so I was relieved that it had a little bit of a modern decor inside. With the black walls sporting old photographs of Cornish miners (I am assuming), the small intimate space has a cozy vibe to it. The music, thankfully, isn't too intrusive and you can carry a nice conversation which is a change from most bars/pubs. They have 3 types of seating - a few communal tables, small tables and bar stools. Thankfully free of smoke, it is actually a pleasant environment to have a meal.

We were starving after catching a movie before dinner so we ordered three different flavours of pasty - the chicken tikka masala, the eggplant parm, and the chicken pot pie. To be frank, I think our eyes were bigger than our stomachs because we barely made a dent in the third pasty. It is nice that the pasty is served cut in half which made it nice for sharing. 

Our pies came in a rather timely manner - within 15 minutes of ordering which was a godsend. 

First let's talk about the crust. The pies have a short crust pastry which leads to a crisp, slightly crumbly texture. It is not a puff pastry or your standard flaky pie crust. It held up quite well considering the moisture from the filling. It had a beautiful golden color and had the perfect thickness to match.

That being said, to not overwhelm the crust, the filling tends to be a bit on the drier side. So you must consume the pastry with the accompanying dipping sauce. It not only provides contrasting flavours, it enhances the overall "mouth-feel".

Chicken tikka masala - a little on the spicier side, I found this pasty to really require the cool yogurt mint sauce that it comes with. The flavors are pretty good - I think the marinade could use a tinge more acidity, a little bit smokier (from fire roasted tomatoes, of course!) and perhaps dial back on the spice level. Overall, pretty satisfying. This was my hubby's favourite.

Eggplant parm - I like the fact that this pasty is brimming with vegetables but the crust totally holds (ie, it isn't soggy at all!). The combination of the marinara, mozarella and variety of vegetables makes this a very satisfying meal. This was my favourite.

Chicken pot pie - a little bit unbalanced in the flavour (it had a bit too strong celery taste in the pot pie and could have used a bit more carrot - bonus would be to add some umami to this dish), this was probably our least favourite of the three. The chicken/thyme gravy was a little bit too thick and was overly salty.

Service was quick and efficient. Our server was pretty nice, refilled our water glasses promptly even though she was the only one serving and she even offered to refill some of the dipping sauces for us even though we didn't need it.

Overall, I was very satisfied by my visit here considering the level of cuisine, the service and the value (pasties set you back around $9+ pretip/tax). I would recommend this place for vegetarians - they really have an extensive menu for those looking to avoid meat. I look forward to returning and trying other items on their menu. 4-starred review.
location of the shopping center is a little off putting but it is worth the trip! The restaurant is clean, neat & the restrooms are large & clean. The staff is very helpful & friendly.  NOW TO THE REALLY  IMPORTANT PART.  The pasties are made fresh daily, you can even watch them roll the dough , make the various stuffing mixes and bake them. The taste is authentic- we had pasties in England and Ireland. One pasty is a meal, you are stuffed. There area a variety to chose from but our favorite was the Oggie, the original pasty. The fries are long, thick,  crisp, gently spiced & the portions large.   You will thank yourself for eating there.  We ate there twice while in Las Vegas  during the July 4 holiday & highly recommend them.
I lived in a mining community in Northern Ontario Canada, and families traditionally made pastys for the mining men. They would take these meals underground in a metal lunch bucket and place them on the machinery to warm them up.  I still have a metal lunch bucket, but have missed making the pastys. Well, the Cornish Pasty Co have captured the spices excellently in the Oggie. Adding many IPAs to the choice of beverages makes this a great social place in the Commercial Center!
Soooo...I convinced my Grandpa to come here with me which was no easy feat.  He is 94, very stubborn, and only eats Italian and American food. He is a regular at Samstown Buffett and Olive Garden (which he thought was a little local joint with authentic Italian....boy was he surprised when I explained to him they were nationwide and almost as common as McDonalds.). 
Anyway, as soon as he saw the menu, he said, "I don't think we can eat here.  There's nothing here we like.", meaning him of course, because I eat everything. 

The menu has a few soups, sides and salads, but everything else is basically a meal served in a hot pocket style bread wrapping. Almost like a pastry, but don't get it confused, because this is pasty with no R.  And they are real quick to correct you on that every time you mispronounce it too. 

So, I ordered a cup of the Cream of Leek, Potato and Stilton soup at the urging of the waitress. You ask what is Stilton?  Well, so did I. The waitress said it was like a blue cheese...as she is explaining this, I was shaking my head and turning up my nose.  Then she said, yeah I don't like blue cheese either, but this is good. So I ordered it. 
Mistake!  If you don't like blue cheese...don't get Stilton anything!  It actually had a pretty good flavor, but then the aftertaste of the blue cheese creeped into my mouth.  Yuk!  
Luckily she took it off the order.  LOL!  Ok, so I don't eat EVERYTHING. ;)

Next I ordered the potato chips, which were very well done. I also asked for plain, but could tell they had garlic on them. They were strangely hard on the outside, but still soft in the middle. I actually liked this texture  as weird as that is. The garlic was good, but I wanted to share with my Grandpa and he doesn't like garlic.  Didn't really matter, because he took one bite and was over the texture instantly. 

Lastly the pasty I ordered was the bangers and mash.  It was pretty good. I loved the pastry outside of the bread. The mashed potatoes were creamy and the sausage had a good flavor. The waitress said the sausage was made in-house too. 

My picky Grandpa ordered the chicken pot pie, which he really liked. HaHa, I told him he needs to venture out and try new things. 
He kinda agreed, but I'm not stupid....I won't be taking him next door to Lotus of Siam anytime soon. 

I'll be back, because I really want to come and try some of the different options. Who's in?  :D
Well organized and Clean and service excellent food is very good! Highly recommend this place for Vietnamese food.
I really wanted this place to be good.  It was close and I did not want  to drive all the way to spring mountain for some Vietnamese food.  Sadly, I still have to drive there to get some good food.  Maybe it was a bad night, maybe it was because I came in a half and hour before they were closed but I ordered the pork meatball spring rolls and the rice noodles with grilled pork.  When i went home and opened up my to go boxes.  the rice noodles were actually shrimp instead.  I was pretty sad about that.  The rolls were alright, and thats why they get another star.  But there was alot of filler.  Mostly just shredded lettuce.  The rice noodle dish was the one that turned me down on the place.  The grilled shrimp were over cooked, the noodles were hard and under cooked.  There was mostly lettuce and the sauce was very watered down.  I will give it a second chance, but I will proceed with caution.
I am extremely pleased with the quality and taste of the food and the very inviting, exceptional service! This place is very close to home and I'm so glad that I don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown to get some good pho. As a matter of fact, I think it actually tastes better than the dirty restaurants in Chinatown. This place is new, modern, and .... Clean !!!... and most importantly, the food is good! 

Came here with my husband and a friend. Two of us had the special pho (with everything in it), bun bo hue and a grilled pork sandwich. The sandwich was especially good and the two soups tasted great too. The broth was done perfectly. 

The owner even made me a special vinegar onion, but he made it with limes. How sweet of him to show such hospitality on my first visit! 

Definitely will be coming back and telling all my friends about this place to support them!
The service was OK for being 1 of 3 tables there.the nem noung and goi coung were horrible definitely don't recommend them.  We order the pho and it was pretty good.  We had ordered the shaking beef with red rice the taste of it is good but the rice and beef were dry. We also order the grilled pork banh mi and it had cha lua and bbq pork and no grilled pork what the hell? the tri colored dessert can't screw that up  The hot tea is really good nice fragrance
The pho wasn't bad but don't get the nem noung or the goi coung awful the only good thing was the hot tea
Ever since our friend recommended this place me n my girlfriend have been coming here ever since... Jus overall we love this place...
This place has excellent pho! The vietnamese egg rolls are a great addition to the meal as well. The restaurant is very clean and has a nice environment. The owner is friendly and attentive. And the best part is, I don't have to drive to Chinatown to enjoy great pho! I will definitely be coming back to try more items from the menu.
The Thai tea was on point. Got the Filet mignon pho. So good. I usually go the the one up on lake mead but the gf lives down near this one. This store is a step up from the one on lake mead. No Smokey smell and everything was good.
So happy that there is a place in my neck on the woods that has pho! FINALLY! Great pho and summer rolls. Nice atmosphere, clean and friendly staff.
A few years ago, I got started on a short-lived Bun Bo Hue kick. Coincidentally, the catalyst was reading My T's review of the original Viet Bistro location. I tried a few around town and enjoyed them with varying degrees, but I think my favorites were Viet Bistro and the former Bosa 1.

So I think it's appropriate that the first thing I tried at the new Viet Bistro is the BBH. Dare I say it might be the best I've ever had. I have no idea if it's authentic. I just know that I enjoyed it all the way down to an empty bowl.

It's certainly not perfect. For starters, the broth was more sweet than spicy. I'm not sure if I got the "non-Viet" treatment or if that's how it is. Digging up my old review, the BBH up north wasn't spicy either. This time around, I made sure to specifically ask for the pork hock--their menu actually states that the pork hock is only included by request.

One thing I don't like about BBH is the noodles. They are thicker and aren't as easy to eat compared to pho noodles. Last night, the noodles seemed overcooked to the point that they were falling apart. But strangely, this made them easier to eat, so it worked out great!

There aren't really any pho places in the Summerlin area. The news of a Viet Bistro opening in this part of town is highly welcomed as it's a quick jaunt down the 215. With a solid BBH checked off the list, I'm eager to explore the rest of the menu.
Not my favorite. Hate the owner
Food was good and authentic. One less star because the staff seemed like they were struggling a little with amount of customers
I've been looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant close to the south Summerlin area.  I remembered that one had opened in the shopping center near Grand Canyon and Flamingo, but couldn't remember the name of it.

After trying a number of web searches, I finally found the adjacent Sushi Tower restaurant, because Viet Bistro could not be found when I Googled a search for Vietnamese restaurants near 89135.  I finally found a a "sister" Viet Bistro restaurant, which had to provide the location on Grand Canyon as well as the phone number. 

I finally found the location and and the food was very good and they did a nice job on the interior of the restaurant.  I wouldn't normally waste this much time looking for a restaurant, but there are no other Vietnamese restaurants within a reasonable proximity.   

With the difficulty of trying to find information on this Viet Bistro location, including address and online menu, I would be a bit concerned that they may not be in business very long.

I truly wish them success and recommend them - I also have a suggestion, specifically, get a web site and some visibility so people can find and try your restaurant!
After enjoying the original Viet Bistro location on Lake Meade, I was pleased to see this new location open in West Summerlin. 

The food here is excellent.

Seasoned Beef Roll with Betel Leaf appetizer is delicious, you can get it "roll your own" style or ask for them pre-rolled. One of my favorite dishes here.

I'm a huge fan of Vietnamese vermicelli bowls, and Viet Bistro always prepares them perfectly. Noodles are cooked just right, meat is well trimmed and marinated, vegetables are crisp and the aromatic herbs are fresh. I like these bowls so much that I have not even tried the pho here yet.

I'm taking a star off because the service at this location was pretty much non-existent.  The guy who took our order disappeared into the back and never came back out. Our food was brought out by another guy who was talking on the phone while he handed us our plates. This dude stayed on the phone the entire time we were there. He brought our check while still talking away on his phone.

If this place can get it's act together with the service it would be an easy 5 stars. Hopefully this experience was just a one off.
By far this is my spot awesome customer service & the boss kevin is the boom, funny, & freindly guy! He takes care you!!! :-)
I'm so happy to find Vietnamese near my house! I no longer have to go down Spring Mt. for pho or banh mi! The grilled pork banh mi had a spicy marinade. No complaints here. It wasn't as sweet or smokey as Mr. Sandwich.
Been to another Viet Bistro and food/service there was great! Not so here. Don't go here on Sunday afternoons. Slow service (owner was talking on his cell phone next to front door & one female server), food was so/so. Not kid friendly either. No cheater chopsticks. BBQ beef was more fat than meat. Pho was average. Curry beef was spicy, but more sauce than beef.
Service and food on original location is so much better. I was very disappointed as this was closer to where I live.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. Hand down for my favorite in town.

Frist, they just opened like three months ago, so the interior design is very new, simple and clean. 

Once I had Pho in here, i never come somewhere else. It's my favorite restaurant when i craving for pho! The broth is fantastic. 

the owner is very helpful and friendly and funny. ask him any question if you are in mood to try something new, he always knows what you want.
This awesome new cocoa bar & cafe just opened in February. According to the John Lewis website, they'll be opening more in other locations, but Edinburgh has the first. I stopped in with my husband and we each had a fancy drinking chocolate (salted caramel for me, chilli chocolate for him) and shared a brownie. Everything was delicious. Decadent, rich and really enjoyable on a rainy & dreary day! 

They have a varied cafe menu with more than just chocolatey treats, but we'll have to try those options another time. This is quite the departure from the usual cafe/tea room you find in department stores and I'll definitely be back. Yum.
Great addition to JL and the cafe is more spacious than it first appears. Also, worth noting that if you can't be bothered schlepping to Frederick St for Hotel Chocolat then all your needs are met in the store within the cafe here! 

So, came here on the promise of GF griddle cakes. There are GF options (savoury as well as sweet) and they are marked as such on the menu so kudos here.

I had a salted caramel hot choc - lovely and could definitely taste the salted caramel. It probably wasn't my best choice though as chocolate on chocolate is too much for me.

The griddle cakes were good! Like a pancake and slightly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, they were yum. Two generous helpings of chocolate spread were provided, as was a little round of cocoa nib butter. The slight saltiness of the butter with cocoa through it was lovely. The chocolate spreads were great too but hence the reason I'd avoid my drink being chocolate when I have this dish again as it was together, all too much sweetness for me (and I am all over the sweet stuff).

So the decor is all dark wood and chocolate tones and staff are friendly and helpful. Despite it being a Saturday, it was fairly quiet (a good thing) so more than happy to return :-)
I first tried some Hotel Chocolat products last year when a friend bought me some yummy caramel chocolate buttons. Since then I've been in love with their products, (although I must admit I've only tried a few things due to the price), so when I found out there was a Hotel Chocolat cafe in the John Lewis in Edinburgh I knew I had to visit. 

The cafe is located at the back of the store on the third floor so I imagine it doesn't get a lot of passing trade and it wasn't overally busy on the afternoon we visited. Now I didn't know before, but all the chocolate is made on site which means the place smells delicious. You can see the chocolate machine turning, and the beans being ground which is a nice touch. 

The counter is displayed with an assortment of yummy chocolate and cake like treats, including croissants, brownies, crispy cake, pastries, popcorn - it all looked delicious. Theres also a menu of main courses and an all day refuel menu. The main options, to name a few include - mac and cheese pie, cocoa dogs and a power brunch - each with chocolate in the recipe - white chocolate mash anyone? 
The all day refuel menu has some more breakfast inspired options included chocolate granola and muesli or toasts with chocolate spreads. 

Being the chocolate lover I am, I was truly spoiled for choice, but we opted to split the Vegetarian Cocoa Dogs with a Cocoa Balsamic Glaze which had a beer infused dressing on the side, and the Chocolate Brownie with icecream and chocolate sauce. 

I also love my tea so I opted for a Cocoa Infused Tea which smelt and tasted delicious with delicate chocolate undertones. They have a fab selection of teas, coffees and hot chocolates! Our teas arrived swiftly but the food did seem to take a while to arrive but was brought out by the chef which did suggest it was all made on site and had been lovingly plated up. 

The veggie dogs were very tasty with a sweet and sticky coating that didn't immediately taste chocolately although the dressing on the side was a bit unusual for my tastes. The menu stated this came in a bun which could be swapped for white choc mash, but it came in what was more like a toasted ciabatta style roll which was tasty all the same. The brownie was the star of the show - the perfect brownie not too cakey or fudgey and the 70% chocolate dressing really intensified the chocolate hit. 

Its not the cheapest place and the veggie dog at £7 did seem a bit expensive, but most of the other options were reasonable, especially compared to the price of other Hotel Chocolat goodies. I'd definitely like to go back and sample more of the tasty treats, but do hope they decide to open one in Glasgow!
The empanadas were great, staff was very professional and greeted me as soon as I walked in. I tried the Frozen hot Chocolate and it was great! Definitely would recommend this place it is awesome especially if you are looking to try something new :)
Walking in I was expecting a Latin vibe but I was pleasently surprised to find a world map of flavor. Empanadas from Asia, India and Latin America and each with authentic fresh ingredients. A little pricey but you won't leave hungry after two or three of their signature Empanadas. Enjoy!
Found this little gem at Tempe Market place.  Excellent sandwiches, empanadas, and teas.  Staff is friendly and efficient.
Empanadas were awesome!! Great flavors and spread. The soups were awesome...we had the tomato basil soup which was too good for a vegetarian soup. Even the other japanese soup available tasted very good. If you ask, they give you sample to taste as well. Servers were  very professional too. Overall loved the place
Cuban sandwich was great and wow the fruit smoothie!  definitely going back..
The food is fantastic. The drinks are refreshing and original. Spoke with the chef. Very nice guy as were all of the employees. If you're at Market Place you really need to stop by here and try a few things. You'll be hooked!
This review is based only on their drinks. Have not tried the food yet.

Wanted to try this place out after Tea Infusion closed down. Went in today wanting an refreshing iced tea. Problem is the way they make you an iced tea is by giving you a hot cup of tea with a bag and then a cup of ice. THIS IS NOT HOW YOU MAKE AN ICED TEA!!! Did the ownership not take notes when Tea Infusion was still there? I also ordered an iced chai latte. Also poorly made! The old chai lattes were smooth, sweet and creamy. The one I had today was watered down, chalky and luke warm. 

Needless to say if they can't get the simplest tea making down I'm scared to try the food.

And where did all the former staff go?! Miss their friendly faces...
They have TO DIE FOR empanadas. I tried the chicken paella (a Spanish classic) and bulgogi beef (famous Korean barbecue). Both were excellent.  The ingredients taste very flavorful and the crust is buttery and soft. All of their employees are very friendly.  I asked for a recommendation on a drink and I was told to go with hibiscus lemonade, which is a blend of hibiscus tea and lemonade.  It was pretty amazing and very refreshing! Even when my friend and I sat down, since it was our first time, we were explained what the two dipping sauces were at the table.  Later, we were checked on to see how everything was and then our baskets were taken from our table like a full-service sit down place. I was very impressed with the food, the service, and the restaurant overall. I will definitely be back. Keep up the great work!!!
Originally, I was going to give this place 4 stars because I was not overly excited about the food. I ordered the beet and goat cheese salad. The lady at the register made a point to tell me how big and filling the salads were. They are delicious, but not that big. For $9, I feel like chopshop has salads twice the size and lots of meat in them. (Chicken is an additional $2)

This place gets 5 stars due to the customer service and atmosphere. Every single person working asked me how I enjoyed my meal and how my day was going.  All of them! Very sweet staff and great atmosphere. This is what will make me return and try more of their menu. 

Ingredients are fresh, menu is diverse. 

Drinks: smoothies/coffee/boba tea/wine/beer/soda

Food: empanadas/sandwiches/salads/soups/assorted pastries
This was the worst service I have ever experienced!  It took quite a few minutes of standing at the counter before being greeted, then the cashier was extremely distracted while taking our order.  She not only had us repeat our order 3 times, but still got it wrong when she read it back.  The whole time we were up there and while she was taking our order, there was hot food sitting on the counter waiting to go out.  The cashier started talking to another employee while we were there about who the order was supposed to go to and neither of them knew so it just sat there for even longer.

Our drinks, which were just okay, took a a couple of minutes to come out, which was fine.  We started getting concerned about our food order 15 minutes after we ordered when the same cashier came up to clarify what our order was and claimed there was a mix up in the tickets.  Right after, we heard her go behind the counter and yell out our order for the first time.  Even then there wasn't any rushing and it took about 10 additional minutes to receive our food which appeared to have only needed heating up.  When she finally brought over the order, some of the toppings and the bread on the sandwich had fallen off.

They have sauces sitting out on all of the tables which smell awful!!  You can smell them right when you walk through the door and the scents are so strong that it almost made me gag.

The food was decent.  However, I found it to be very over-priced for the serving size.  But with how awful the service was, there is no way I will ever be returning to this place.
Best empanadas in Tempe. The yellow curry was my fav. The chef was very friendly so was the staff
The only reason I would give this place less than five stars is the price but the empanadas over rule that! Hands down the best empanadas in Arizona.
Visiting from out of town and decided try something new.  Tired of all the normal chain restaurants.  Inside was a very bring and well air conditioned environment.  So nice to be out of the AZ heat.

The empanadas are amazing! Each one has its own flavor representing different regions of the world.  They aren't fried like traditional empanadas, they have a flakey croissant like crust that is perfect.  I had the Gaucho beef empanada and the Cucumber melon drink.  They also have sandwiches and salads.

Everything is made fresh and has a very gourmet taste to it.  The drinks really refresh you on a hot day.  Love the atmosphere too!

Not sure what the 2 negative reviews are all about because I had a great experience.  Skip the Starbucks and Corner Bakery and try this place out!  

Good for drinks, snacks, dinner and dessert
I love this place, chicken Zuri is amazing. Service is also good.  Their drinks are kinda expensive but they're really good. I also tried their deserts it was good not as good as their food tho. I wish if this place would have a coffee machine that would be perfect, all they have is a normal coffee.
The ambience in this new cafe is quite chill and good place to hangout during the Arizona heat.

The frozen hot chocolate is good but the chocolate flavor is rich and sweet - probably because of the vanilla bean. It's too rich and sweet for my taste - but definitely something to try. Last time I had a frozen hot chocolate was at Serendipity in Vegas next to Cesar's Palace. Good to did one locally :)

I guess something I should try next time around is the fruit juice blends. Perhaps next time!