OK people. Let's face it. If it was called Cleveland Market, nobody would go. But throw in a trendy city's name and "Oh, it must be fantastic." After all Boston does have the Celtics. And they gave us Kristin and Jared. But can they pull off fast food. Yea, kinda sorta. It's nice to have a fast food option that is a "square meal." No burgers or fries. Roasted chicken, that holiday green bean casserole everyone loves but is too afraid to admit they eat it, mashed taters (gravy sucks ass though)...all pretty descent. We even tried the sirloin there, cooked medium rare, but WOW, it was like $12! So, I'm sure it's not even a Boston based company. And we all know it's nothing like a market. But three stars for dependable, un-bunned food! Oh. The cornbread? Seriously, it's "crack" good. I'd knock over school children just to get an extra one. As they say in Boston, "cheers." I know. Lame. Now, go get some cornbread!
Turkey dinner for 3 review

Pros:  The corn bread, green beans, and creamed spinach were delicious.  

Cons:  The turkey was dry, the gravy was uninspired, and the apple pie is almost unedible.  I will definitely try something else next time.
Comfort food... Basic down-home dinner. :-) sometimes ya just gotta.
I work just up the street and we always eat here for lunch, every time i go in they are always super nice and friendly, the food is fresh and I'm always in and out. Most of the time I'm picking up food for the whole office so one of the employees told me that i can call and order over the phone to make it easier on me which was great! I love going here, i always get GREAT service :)!
Got take out from here the other night and I enjoyed it :) I got the chicken breast with Mac and cheese as well as mashed potatoes. It came with a yummy piece of corn bread too. 

They have Sriracha by the bottle which every restaurant should have ;) 

The price was great and id recommend it to families or anyone just wanting a decent meal, either on the go or sitting down
So I have been there TWICE in the past week now im hooked! lol fresh clean ! Tasty! I love there Coke cups maket he soda taste just better! Service is great Chefs are friendly New fav place! lol = ] Enjoy guys!
Nice area and very public service friendly. The restaurant is clean, the staff are very kind and polite, and the sandwiches are rocking! Definitely a home cooked alternative to the fast food competitors. Service with a can do attitude and smile. This is one place that truly appreciates their customers.
I love my comfort food and Boston Market always fits the bill.  I have always loved the rotisserie chicken but on this trip I decided to try the Ribs.  Flavorful and tender they were good but were not served hot as expected.  It was almost like they were prepared, then chilled, then re-warmed up again.  One Quarter Rib plus One Quarter chicken plus two sides $12.99.
When I moved here 8 months ago, I was overwhelmed by the amount of places to eat.  I ended up trying numerous "trendy" offerings around the area, but always came back to Boston Market. It is now my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  So consistent in food quality and serving size and the employees are always outstanding. 

I never leave this place disappointed and I am always full!
Let's be real. Its Boston Market. They aren't reinventing the wheel.  But the food came out hot and fresh tasting. And the service was super friendly.  Theresa anticipated my needs and the line worked fast.  If anything, I'd come back here for the service and its clean. Those two things alone make it 4 stars when compared to other fast casuals.
I love Boston Market. I do not know how to cook and so the food there is always better than mine. The best part is if you buy a meal during the week they give you a coupon for one half off on Saturday.  Great value and it heats up well.
A good location. Everything here is always fresh, the line moves quickly, and the staff is always pleasant.
Have been craving boston market a lot lately. They have stellar originator chicken. Go here once evrey couple weeks. Staff is friendly, place is clean, food is tasty. Dont know what more I could ask for? Oh wait. Bring back the sirloin tips!!!!
I can't help it that I'm addicted to sweet potatoes. So that's why I have been gravitating toward Boston Market lately. My two sides are always sweet potatoes, or should I say my main course is the sweet potatoes and the chicken is my side. The food is excellent, although sometimes the chicken can get a little scrawny looking.

My only complaint about this place is that I'm constantly approached by employees to either sign up with my email address or being asked how's my meal. Last time I was in there I was asked how's my meal twice by the same guy and then a manager came by and asked the same thing. I get the touchy feely customer service thing. But PLEASE, dial it down a bit.
Get the honey habanero sauce with your chicken. Free, good mix of spicy and sweet and probably the best sauce for chicken ever.
I've eaten at several Boston Markets but this is the one closest to me. In my opinion, it's far superior to most fast food but it's nothing special.   It is good if you're too tired make dinner and want something fast and tasty.  The people at the counter are always very nice and helpful.  The side salad is actually pretty good and has more variety than your typical lettuce/carrot combo.  The mac and cheese and the creamed spinach are really good if you're not watching calories.
Back when my hubby & I moved into our first apartment together, we would pick up Boston at least once a month. After a couple years of doing so we got pretty burnt out on it & stopped going for a while. Last week the hubs suddenly got a craving for it, so we hit up the drive thru for dinner. We got the family meal for three & chose the chicken with mac & cheese, red potatoes & corn for our sides. It also comes with 4 pieces of cornbread. We got some dessert as well, a cookie & a brownie. Their chicken is pretty good, better than KFC but not as good as El Pollo Loco. Their sides are pretty good as well but very fattening. The cornbread is yummy, my hubby is a big fan. I had the cookie which was sweet & a bit crunchy, hubs had the brownie which was rich & very soft. Total for the family meal & desserts was about $26. A bit pricey, but we both had dinner & I believe my hubby squeezed two lunches out of it as well. I'm sure we'll be back eventually!
Been awhile since I've ate here but got a craving and stopped in.

The wait staff was prompt, courteous and looked like they genuinely enjoyed working there.  I was in and out in well less than 10 minutes.

The food, ordered to go, was really good.  We had the 3 person chicken dinner with sides of stuffing, corn, and red potatoes.  The meal comes with corn bread as well.  
Total with tax came to 23.28.    

Chicken was tender and tasted very fresh.  In fact it all tasted really good.  Obviously it is a well run restaurant for it's class.
I enjoyed my meal here. Very nice and friendly staff, courteous manager that was very attentive to the customers and his staff, and clean dining room. Lastly, we went at an off time (not during main meal hrs; 3 pm) and the food was fresh and not crusted like most others look like when they sit for awhile. Liked much.
We have been to this location a few times while shopping in the area and the food and service is always good. A couple of times there has been a bit of a line, but they move through them pretty quickly and are still friendly in the process.  The food is what you would expect from a typical Boston Market location - which isn't a bad thing, consistency is a good thing when you have a feel for what you are wanting to eat.

We have also used their locations for pre-packaged, re-heatable side dishes for holiday and such, which has always worked out well.

Overall: B+
Not a bad stop off for some instant food service with standard comfort dishes!
Ordered at drive through.  
1/4 Rack of Ribs NOTE: Was up sold to the 1/2 rack [Wish I had stayed with my plan for a 1/4 chicken] 
New Garlic Potatoes
Mac & Cheese
Choc Cake Slice
Large Coke Zero

Upon arriving home, picked up my drink, squeezed the plastic cup a bit to maintain grip of a large drink and the plastic cup split about half way down about an inch long. Soaked the interior of my truck, and my iPhone.

Okay stuff happens, but then the food!  

First time having the ribs.  Just awful flavor of the sauce, and the rib meat was just "off". Not sure how to explain it other than, your expecting pork ribs, but got beef maybe?  Not sure what these were. 

The new potatoes. Were a bit crunchy like they were under cooked. The plastic fork broke off in the first one. 

The bottom layer of the cake was dried out, and not moist like the rest of the cake. How old was this piece? 

The only thing good was the mac and cheese, and the corn bread.   

I would have expected a lot more for $18.83 of for a single meal.  I tossed it out without eating most of it. 

Boston Market is usually decent, but your way off your game today. Not a fan of your new menu items at all.  

Please stick to what your good at, chicken.

Follow up note: I did call the restaurant the evening this happened just to advise them about the cup issue. This was before I tried eating the food so they were unaware of the other issues. Couple days later I did get a call from corporate regarding the drink, and they were only concerned if I was making a claim against BM for the damages. I said no, I cleaned it up myself, I was only making a comment as they might have an issue with their cups.  But I did take a moment to comment about the meal, and was advised I'd get a follow up call.   That was several days ago.  Don't bother, I've already made up my mind about my future purchases with BM. They will be limited.
Amazing staff, really nice people. Good service and yummy foods!!! Had the pot pie, it was great. So many sides.
Always a savior on the holidays! Also, be sure to ask for the puppy treats if you have your dog in the car with you when you go through the drive-thru, since they'll sometimes have little dog biscuits for them!
Ahh.this is a great comfort food pick-up place. Every time it's cold and dreary or i'm sick and craving the foods my mother used to make, I know I can be in and out and back home in 15 minutes if I come here. 

I'm a chicken lover- this is one of my favorite places. I get secretly happy when I order the 3pc dark and they give me 2 thighs and a leg, instead of vice versa. As far as other meats go, I think the turkey is bland, but the meatloaf is tasty. The pot pie is good if you're extra hungry- it's huge!

There are a wide variety of side dishes- recently they added side salads to the mix, and they've had fruit cups for awhile. You can get all sorts of hot sides, from the standard mashed potatoes and vegetables to creamed spinach, cinnamon apples, and creamy mac and cheese. You get a cornbread with each meal that you can either cover in butter or wad up into a ball and throw at somebody.  

The wait times are small, even during peak dinner time when the line goes to the door. Service is always friendly, and they are quite generous with the portions. On two occasions i've had to wait an extra amount of time for my meal- without asking, I was offered a drink twice along with a dessert once. This is a good option for fast but satisfying food.
Best Boston Market I have been to. No question.

Boston is normally a 2-4 star price-performance selection in my book. This one is a solid 4. I bump this one up to a 5 (which I normally never give a franchise) because of spectacular service.

Score: I don't really score franchises by menu item. If it's a franchise - you probably like some items or you don't. Suffice it to say the half-chicken all dark and sides here are all solid 4 stars to me. Everything has been a 3+ here graded for Boston's expected quality.

Details: What makes this place a 5-star to me?

I rolled through here right after landing in town one day to grab some food for the Fam. Low and behold - they were out of everything I wanted. I arrived just between food-rotation shifts. Durn bad luck.

The lady running the place mentioned they still had extra of a few items I normally never sample at a Boston (like Meatloaf, and some sides I don't get). Asked if I wanted to try them and I said "no", and plus, I couldn't wait. So what does she do?

She hooked me up for FREE!. She had me try the meatloaf and something else....on the house. She even offered the sides on the house (I think they were changing them out anyway). I insisted on at least paying for the sides. I just can't justify taking food and not paying for some portion at a place I won't do regular business at. I hope this review doesn't get the manager in trouble.

Suffice it to say everything was great. My local family members go there often, and I look forward to heading back again next time I'm in Chandler.

Update: I have returned since I wrote this, and still found the service at this Boston's to be *excellent*
When I say I enjoy Boston Market people are like what... This is a one of a kind Boston Market the staff is always so friendly and will help you pick the best meal and joke around.  I always order the Quarter White Rotisserie Chicken with a side of Corn, Loaded Mashed Potatoes and Squash Casserole. The staff is so helpful they bring the food to what table you pick and are always around to fill your drink or get anything you need. The meal is always great and I can't get enough Squash Casserole so good...  I will be back soon for sure.
Never been to a Boston Market?  

They basically have roasted chicken and a variety of sides.  You go up to the front counter and choose what to eat - it's all laid out there in front for you to see.

Pay, sit down and eat.

I like roasted chicken - here, it's not too bad.  A little better flavor than your hot roasted chicken that you'd find at your supermarket.

The sides are pretty good, too.  Not great, it should hit the spot.

I'll never forget how one pecular employee at one particular location welcomed me as I walked into the door - he hollered "Welcome to BM!"  I won't tell you what type of grin I had while eating my lunch.
Employees here are always super friendly, even though this restaurant seems to have the worst customers I've ever seen. No joke, I visit this location every few months and every single time I have had a rude customer in front of me or behind me. If they aren't plowing me down to race me into the door then they are complaining about something or demanding something special (FOR FREE) because they are entitled jerks. Employees are always smiling and polite and patient, I really don't know how they do it. 

Service aside, the food is always fresh and tasty. I'm constantly seeing the sides being swapped out, even during slow times in the middle of the afternoon. I like knowing the food isn't just sitting there under heat lamps getting crusty. The meals are a great value, and they reheat nicely. Sometimes you have to remind them to give you your cornbread, but after seeing what they have to deal with at this location I definitely let them slide on that.
Love this place! Food is always great and fresh and tastes home made. The servers are always nice and make sure you are taken care of. It's a nice balance of a sit down and fast food, because it's healthy, but also fast. And you don't get bothered every 10 seconds by a server. The servers at Boston Market just come by every 10 minutes or so to make sure everything's good and then clean up after you (if they're not super busy) I highly recommend this place. The loaded mashed potatoes and the sweet potatoes are delish, and as for the sandwiches I get the Mediterranean carver.
The food isnt hot. How can they prevent bacteria from growing. T he inside smelled terrible
WOW - must be the new management. The service was the best I've seen in 12+ years I've visited this place. 
The food has always been good, service - not so much. 

Keep up the good service and be back more often :)
Awesome Vietnamese place. It was recommended to me by the Vietnamese owner of a gelato shop (random, huh). The pho is really good and the spring rolls are excellent as well. 

Good place to go if you are looking for good, cheap vietnamese food. A bowl of Pho is under $5!
Best Vietnamese restaurant in the area. It's a slightly run-down restaurant in an unassuming strip mall, but the food is fantastic.

The menu ranges from traditional pho to rice or noodle dishes to crustry bread sandwiches. Some hot pot, family-style dishes are also available. I've never had the pho, but my father raves that it's the best soup he's ever had.

My favorite dish is Bun Thit Nuong (#34). It's a bed of fresh lettuce, bean sprouts and rice vermicelli with about 10 oz. of barbequed pork, topped with minced green onions and crushed peanuts. It's served with with Nuoc Cham, a traditional sweet/sour/salty dressing with grated carrots. Cost: $4.75.

I also recommend the roll appetizers. Two dollars will get you two shrimp and pork spring rolls in rice paper, or two fried pork and vegetable egg rolls with all the typical trimmings (wrap the eggroll in lettuce and mint leaves before dipping in the Nuoc Cham).
Being a huge fan of Vietnamese food and how healthy it is I tried this place with a friends recommendation. He had pointed this place out since it had the very same menu as my favorite place Da Vang. Knowing this I thought this place was maybe a family relative or something and might have a very similar food, which should be very good. 

Boy was I wrong! So wrong that I would almost have thought that my friend was playing a horrible joke on me. Had he not been sitting next to me I would have thought that he was not serious about this place. Almost so bad to the point that I had to question our friendship for a brief short period we were sitting there. 

To start, the spring roll. One of the most popular Vietnamese creations that everyone knows. When done right it can cause overloading emotions of happiness and satisfaction. We all know that a good spring roll is a sign of a good beginning to a meal, almost like that first real good kiss you get. 
Well this one is not it, small, skinny and filled with nothing but lost hope and broken dream. Small portions of shrimp and meat, if there was any meat in it at all. Most of all the they even cheaped out on the vermicelli noodles, lettuce and mint. More like the worst kiss you ever got , bad enough to break up over. 

Then the pho, the staple of Vietnamese cuisine, the first thing that anyone thinks about when they hear Vietnamese food. Well upon ordering the food I expected a delicious and heart warming soup. Well the broth was flavorless, I could have made a better one with water and  a bouillon cube. The dish was beautiful though. So simple, and the onions and jalapeno cut thin as they can get it and the cilantro chopped roughly. The taste was just not there. 

The service like any Vietnamese place was lacking. This place was the worst of them all. The server, a kid who spoke no English paying no attention to anyone and not caring at all.  He must have gotten suckered into free labor by his father or someone who equally didn't care about their patrons.

All in all the visual appeal of the pho was amazing in that the small details of the ingredients were executed nicely. The  spring roll was done poorly and you can get a better one from Trader Joe's. The flavors of the food lacking in all aspects, please someone give them some salt and pepper to cook with. Pho in it's greatness can be enjoyed with out all the sriracha or hoison we all love to ruin the natural flavor of the broth with, but this place it is needed to bring the brown water of a broth to life.
After going to and trying many different Vietnamese restaurants, this hands down is my favorite.  Please note that the good stuff is located at the back of the menu under family meals.  Once there, try the Tamarind soup.  It is like nothing you have every tasted and will keep you coming back.
The pho is good but I had one BIG problem. I ordered Spring Rolls and they never brought the peanut sauce. I've never been to a place where peanut sauce did not come with my spring rolls.

Also, the three bean desert was a bit disappointing.

I will agree, the place is authentic, but I guess I'm just spoiled by Pho restaurants in OC (Little Saigon)
chaaayp!  this place is a well kept secret.  we ordered the pho and bun.  as good as anyplace we've eaten and the prices range from $2.00 (for the  banh mi) and $4.75 for a decent sized bowl of pho.

the place is a nice little dive with courteous and cordial staff.  on a saturday afternoon the place was steadily busy.

great find.
On a cold winter day, the craving for hot comfort in a bowl makes a person do strange things. It found me driving to a kind of shady part of Mesa, while braving the cold winds in search of a perfect bowl of phò.

My new holy grail of Vietnamese restaurants is Phú Thành, located in a rundown strip mall on Southern and Extension. A good Vietnamese restaurant is usually kind of old, slightly dingy and super cheap, and in this case all the basics were met and exceeded.

Phú Thành is a no-frills kind of place. Inside it screams for a makeover. Though clearly from another era, it is clean and functional. The service is friendly and the kitchen is fast.

There might be a slight familiarity here the owners of Phú Thành and my favorite central Vietnamese joint Da Vàng are brothers. The menus of the two places are almost identical, and they offer a lot.

The No. 50 Chà Giò ($2) is what good Vietnamese cooking is all about. Two golden-brown, crunchy egg rolls filled with shrimp and pork are hands on and interactive. Served with a plate of lettuce leaves and herbs, you wrap the egg roll in lettuce and garnish with mint and cilantro, then dunk them into the house-made n?òc châm, a sweet and spicy dipping sauce. The fresh lettuce and herbs cut through the richness of the egg roll, which on its own might be slightly oily.

Applying the same hands-on approach, the No. 54 Bánh Xèo ($3.95) replaces the rolls with a pan-fried rice flour crepe. The exterior is slightly crispy, while the soft interior is filled with shrimp and bean sprouts. Of all the Bánh Xèo I've tried, this version is by far my favorite. It's full of flavor and texture.

Phó (pronounced like the bad word) is not only fun to say, but fun to eat. Eight versions of the noodle soup are offered, from traditional beef to chicken. Pay attention to the menu description when ordering since you might wind up with unfamiliar cuts of meat.

I'm adventurous and love the textures of beef tendon and tripe, so I was in heaven when my steaming bowl of No. 1 Phò Phú Thành ($4.95) arrived. The broth was incredibly fragrant with clove and star anise. This really should be made into an air freshener.

Along with the condiments at the table, the soup comes with a plateful of basil and bean sprouts. But also include limes and chilis to add texture, flavor and depth to your pho experience.

For something hearty and comforting, the No. 7 Mì Bò Kho ($4.75) is a bowl of chewy egg noodles filled with a beef stew. Tender pieces of stewed carrots and beef grace the rich and complex flavors of the dark and tasty brew.

If you're carbohydrate loading, order a slab of French bread to absorb all of the bone-warming elixir at the bottom of the bowl.

For food like this, a little shady is worth the drive.
My fave place for Vietnamese...  also being Chinese myself, I adore won ton and I can combine my love for noodle soup and won ton here.  #22 is my fave for pork/shrimp won ton and noodle soup (#23 is more won tons, no noodles... might be a new tactic for the 3 of us, get 2 bowls of #22 and 1 bowl of #23 and divvy the noodles and won tons accordingly).  Their broth is very good, not oily and greasy on top, and something I'm willing to sup down with edible ingredients (I tend to leave broth in the bowl at pho shops).

In the summer, I always get one of the refreshing "desserts" which I really treat like cooling drinks... the seaweed or longon versions.
Moving the review to Phu Thanh... this one is a misspelling.
My fave place for Vietnamese...  being Chinese myself, I adore won ton and I can combine my love for noodle soup and won ton here.  #22 is my fave for pork/shrimp won ton and noodle soup (#23 is more won tons, no noodles... might be a new tactic for the 3 of us, get 2 bowls of #22 and 1 bowl of #23 and divvy the noodles and won tons accordingly).  Their broth is very good, not oily and greasy on top, and something I'm willing to sup down with edible ingredients (I tend to leave broth in the bowl at pho shops).

In the summer, I always get one of the refreshing "desserts" which I really treat like cooling drinks... the seaweed or longon versions.
Love it here. I like Thit Nuong, the best. The staff is slow because there are only one guy. The other guy is the owner. Think they should hire more people. Otherwise, anything else is good.
My first impression was not good already. The food does not have good quality and NOT fresh. But we gave a benefit of a doubt because it is VERY cheap. Appertizers for $2 is a good deal I admit. The second time we came, the customer service was BAD. We ordered a vietnamese sandwich and it never came, we had to tell the server to ask when our order came. And still we had to wait 10 minutes, my husband waited for his sandwich the whole time I was eating my food. Recommended if you want cheap food and dont really care about the quality and the customer service.
tho inconsistant at times, i always come back when i am staying on the East Valley.. perfect hangover food =)

for dinner i reccomend wehre you get the grill on your table and make your own spring rolls. it is gooood, but be aware you will smell like it for the rest of the evening
They have the best pho tai. The broth is home made and not from a can. The egg rolls and spring rolls are really good. Bahn xeo is also the best I have had.. bahn xeo is a rice crepe filled with sauted bean sprouts, pork, and shrimp. You wrap it in romaine lettuce and dip it in the fish sauce. It looks kinda of like an omelette but there is no egg in it. The service is a little slow but it is well worth it, the two guy waiters kinda just float around, just holla at them if ya need anything. The fried rice and roasted chicken is also really good. Very affordable and so yum o!
From the outside, Phu Thanh looks different from any other Vietnamese restaurant in town. It's larger, has a huge presence outside of the typical hidden strip mall, and looks promising. 

Rest assured, Phu Thanh is different from most Vietnamese restaurants on the east side... it's very very bad. During a one-hour dinner in their dining room, I noticed three tables that were covered in dirty dishes upon my arrival, and still covered in the same dirty dishes upon my departure. Not to say this ruined my experience, but it sure was disgusting to look at. The waiter service here was actually nicer and more helpful than most, a which is the saving grace here. They offered a refill of my water (rare) and even came back to see if I needed anything else (very rare.) The clientele here seemed like predominately young married couples and young families of non-asian descent. 

I had been craving a bowl of Bun all day, a rice noodle dish served with julienned veggies, your choice of meat, and a nuoc mam (fish sauce) to give it a nice flavor. I also ordered spring rolls  prior to my meal, and was a tad surprised when, having ordered in Vietnamese, the server asked me questions that made no sense. My order of Goi Cuon garnered a respose of "fried or not fried" which definitely threw me off since fried would be Gha Gio, an entirely different dish... did you ask this because I'm white? He then asked "you need fork right?" No, I just gave you my entire order and said hello in conversational Vietnamese... this wasn't a tip off that I know how to eat your food? The spring rolls were very small and contained little filling. I'm used to Goi Cuon bursting with veggies pork and shrimp, not little tiny thunb sized things. When the Bun came, the noodles were all broken, which made it almost impossible to eat in anything other than tiny bites. The Nuoc Mam had an overwhelming fish sauce smell and flavor and was easily the worst I've ever had, and completely lacked chili, garlic, or anything to mask the fish sauce. Utterly awful. I also felt like the Bun portion was incredibly small compared to other Viet restaurants in town.

I would hesitate to give this place any sort of recommendation, given it's proximity to some of the best Vietnamese restaurants in town. The quality seemed to be on par, and service was somewhat decent, but the combination of small portions, bad tasting food, and lack of ability to clean a table earns this restaurant a solid two-star review. Also, eating Vietnamese more than three times a week, I've had a good run of over two years and haven't become sick from a place. This one has had me burping for the past 12 hours and feeling kind of queasy... nothing major, but definitely something didn't sit well. I'm honstly not sure what the appeal of this restaurant is. Two miles away is Pho Ao Sen, one of the premier spots in the valley.
This place is your standard hole in the wall pho. They've got good tasting pho and spring rolls for cheap. :D The cleanliness is definitely lacking but more flavor fo' yo' noodlee!
I figured this place was doing things right when all the parking spots within a 200 foot radius were taken.

The fam and I were visiting from SoCal and had a hankering for some cheap Viet grub. Y'see, you don't drop a lot of money to get filled up at places like these. For around 35 bucks the whole family can eat their hearts out. Here, you get all the top entrees, phos, bobas and appetizers. Our good friends who lived in the area recommended this joint. The restaurant's locale is dusty and isolated at the end of a semi-deserted strip mall, near a busy intersection. 

The place felt a little worn down and needed some refreshing. But that won't stop folks from frequenting this place. The food came fast, in larger than average portions and service was attentive. It was tricky finding the bathroom though. The quality of food was pedestrian, nothing ground breaking or causing everyone at the table to say, "Oooooh....!" Yes, I've had better at other Viet places but this place did the job without making me puke or emptying my wallet. 

All in all, it was a decent experience.
Love this place even though it looks ghetto on the outside and inside ha. Authentic Vietnamese food. Problem is they will never give u the tab, u literally have to chase them down to pay. But all their menu items are sooo good and super cheap ranging from five to seven dollars for a large portion of food. Favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Arizona!
This is my old review so I thought I'd update it since this place is now closed due to a tragic incident that happened back in March 2013 -  an employee was shot by her husband then he shot himself inside the restaurant. It was on the news: (http://www.abc15.com/dpp/news/region_southeast_valley/mesa/fd-shots-fired-at-mesa-business)


Anyways, they have a new location that's owned by one of the brothers. Its located on Dobson & S. of Broadway, behind Domino's Pizza: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-thuan-thanh-mesa

Be sure to order their Pho #22 with rice noodle. They use quality meat and you wont find anything weird like fish eyeballs in your soup.  It consists of quality thin beef strips, fish meatball (don't let this freak you out...its good), pork wonton, shrimp, crab & squid. 

My other favorite is their fresh spring rolls (not fried) that come with Hoisen & Peanut sauce...super cheap & healthy. 

They also have another location owned by their sister. It's located on 19th Ave & Camelback (http://www.yelp.com/biz/da-v%C3%A0ng-phoenix-2)
Phu Thanh is one of the better and cheaper pho places to eat in Tempe/Mesa. 
 
THE GOOD:
Their food tastes good and it won't burn a whole in your wallet. 
They are quick with seating you, taking your order, and giving you food.  

THE BAD:
Don't expect for great service. The waiters are nice but will not come around to refill your water or give you a check in a timely manner. You have to ask for it.  

THE UGLY:
The whole restaurant is soo ugly. I was skeptical to go eat here at first because it looks like some dirty jailhouse. It's really old and it looks scary but you get used to it.
Great food and great prices! Although I haven't ventured far from what I'm comfortable with. The 2A is my favorite soup and noodles ever!
Love at first taste! My buddy at work asked me if I have had lunch already cuz she's getting a Vietnamese food - I thought it was a good idea so I'm like, forget my brown bag and go for the Chow Mein! And boy was it so damn good - I always love it when the portion is enormous that I couldn't eat it all at one meal! :D The Chow Mein is packed with veggies and lotsa seafoods! For $6, what a deal! Looking forward to another Phu Thanh lunch soon, and looking forward to eat in their restaurant so I can try other menu they have.
$5.00 Pho.....need I say more!?!
This place has the best prices on Vietnamese food in town.  The barbecue rice is where its at.  Flavorful, juicy meat grilled to perfection, laid over a bed of rice that soaks up all that meaty goodness.  

Also, ask for fried egg on top to crown the meal in golden glory.  It's a meal for champions.
Pho done right in this joint people. Don't really like much else on the menu at this locale.
Love this place. It's yummy, cheap and the portion sizes are huge. I usually get the same thing even though I tell myself to try something new, but I can't help myself lol. I forget the number, but it's the one with noodles, pork, egg roll with veggies :P I tend to get the same meal every time I try a new Vietnamese place to try and gauge how I like it before I stray to something new. I failed to do so a few times and I ended up unsatisfied lol. Yes, the place looks sketchy, but it's yummy!
I haven't had the Pho here, yet. I actually had the bun (vermicelli) with lemongrass beef. I love lemongrass so I specifically came here to get this. I also ordered a side of eggrolls (2 in an order accompanied with lettuce, mint and fish sauce for dipping). My total was $8 something which I liked. Very affordable.

Lemon Grass Beef Bun was okay. I expected a stronger lemongrass flavor but it was very mild. There was a nice grill flavor though which I did enjoy. The fish sauce that it came with was mild, also. But I've noticed that with all the viet places I've been to in AZ, why is that? 

The eggrolls were eh. Mostly shredded carrots than anything else. Wouldn't order it again. 

I will go back and try their Pho and maybe some other items, and if it's amazing as all these reviews state I will update my rating, but for now based on the eggrolls and bun dish... 3 stars. Just A-OK. To me a 4 or 5 star vietnamese restaurant has to have good bun & com tam (broken rice dishes) as well as Pho. My favorite viet place is still Pho Thanh in PHX (which has a similar name but I don't think has the same owners).
Pretty good viet food for the price.  Usually get the bun (vermicelli) bowls, which are pretty good and have a decent amount.  The pho/mi are ok...wife order noodle bowl with duck and requested it prepared with no bone (wouldn't do it after a few request).  No biggie, but other places had no issue with it.  Her bowl was a bit bland, but the pho were good.  Egg/spring rolls were average.  Great affordable viet food, service is ok... Would avoid during special days (father's/mother's day, etc.)...takes forever.  Better to come any other time.
My second home. Love the cheap, hearty and tasty eats here. Owner and crew are very efficient and it's just the right amount of grunge to make it feel authentic. Favorites here are banh xeo, bunh rieu, hu thieu, com suon. YUM!!!!
My girlfriend was a bit scared, but she is now a regular. This place doesn't disappoint!! I order the 1b like all the time, love the spring rolls, egg rolls, lo me in, and the bun xiao. I NEVER go anywhere else but here!!

The Goods: FOOD, PRICE

The Bad: most vietnamese places that serves good food, are too busy for you, so get used to it, they dont care, and know youll come back anyways. But the service isnt bad, they are VERY friendly, just busy.

Overall:
My girlfriend and i have tried other places, NO ONE BEATS This place as far as TASTE and PRICE! Great combo!
My meal here turned out to be a very odd experience.

The good: 
I was greeted and seated right away, a glass of water and menu were provided immediately.  The water was refilled expeditiously.

While it didn't smell as fragrant as Pho Nhan did when I entered, it did smell good.  

I saw a mix of Asians and others (including one not-too-polite redneck farmer who talked way too loud on his cell phone at the table) but enough of the former to feel this was a popular place for Vietnamese.  I wouldn't trust a pho place full of only white people.  Scary thought.

The eggrolls were delicious!  They were more garlicky than ones I've had in the past and it was that kind of garlic that you keep taking bites of and wanting more of.  The veggies were fresh and crisp, the shell was crisp and delicately flaky, the dipping sauce was perfect.  I could have eaten a whole meal of just these.  

The bad:
After being seated and provided water and menu I was summarily ignored for at least 15 minutes.  THIS I'm not used to.  Someone else would have left.  The waiter was sitting a a table in full view of me about four tables away and purposely did not make eye contact or walk by, much less come to my table.  What's the problem, Dude??

Well, you know what, I can usually out-stubborn anybody, though thankfully don't often need to, so I decided to sit there till Hell froze over.  Eventually an older man came out to bring another table their food.  He saw me sitting there, hands politely folded on menu, smile on my face, obviously ready to order, snapped some orders at the younger guy, who then came over to take my order at long last.  I got the aforementioned eggrolls and a bowl of soup that included duck leg and bamboo.  My phone died before I could take a photo of the menu as I sometimes do to remember the name of the dish.  The guy checked with me if I wanted the one with bamboo and I said yes, but my antennae went up.  As he was leaving the table he hesitated and asked, "You work over there?" Pointing to the west.  I told him no, I was visiting from San Diego because I had a new granddaughter.  He brightened up at that and was perfectly nice after, so I can only guess he thought I was someone else initially, someone not worthy of his attention.  Working where?

After eating the delectable egg rolls and being extremely impressed, the large bowl of soup arrived and emitted such a putrid smell I didn't know if it was from the person serving it or the dish itself.  It honestly smelled like someone had pooped in it, or in their pants nearby.  I told myself not to let my imagination run wild, thinking of stories describing slaves who defecated in their owners food, ewww. I had gone through so much to get it that I didn't want to send it back.  As I took bites and spoonfuls I pretty much narrowed it down to the bamboo being the culprit causing the bad smell and taste.  And it was not inedible, just took some getting used to.  I kept telling myself I probably had just never eaten bamboo before and maybe it's an acquired taste like Limburger(sp?) cheese, or liver.  Whatever, I ate it and while I barely made it to my motel bathroom after leaving the restaurant (don't ask), I had no further  gastronomic problems from the food, and that could have been caused by eating exotic food after having nothing to eat all day.  If the food had been "bad" I'm sure I would have reacted to it during the night or next day.

I'm trying to talk myself into giving them three stars because those egg rolls were so good but the more I remember sitting there being purposely ignored, the more I acknowledge how impolite and unprofessional that was so I'm going to make it two stars.  Sorry guys, next time tend to your customers.  I eat out every day and this place is very near my motel so I would have loved to add it into my rotation of eateries.
I have been coming here for about 7 Years and even show up in February when they shut down for a month for their vacation time.. This place is about the same as Da Vang in Phoenix, which I believe is their sister company.. 

We go to Phu Thanh about 1 - 2 times a week. Use to be 2 times a week minimum when i worked by the Bank of America tower... Anyways..

This by far is the best Vietnamese place in town and definitely the best value. When you go inside, here and Da Vang, it almost looks more like a gutted house. They keep the environment cheap but clean, which keeps their prices down, -- come on, do you go for the food or social atmosphere? Me the Food....

My Faves and recommendations are listed in order of my preference
Combo Fried Rice..
Pho #1 on the menu
Seafood Fat Noodle #29
BBQ Pork Short Ribs Served with Rice
Spring Rolls
Seafood Hot Pot
The pho broth here is consistently phenomenal, and this place is open on Sundays as well. The food comes out fast and hot.  If they weren't a little stingy with the veggies (even when you ask for more), I would have given it 5 stars.  Otherwise, it is a must try for Pho lovers.
After having a terrible experience elsewhere, I feel obligated to write a review for my go-to pho place.  This is pretty close to what I would consider authentic Vietnamese food, certainly the closest in this area.  The broth is flavorful, and the meat is cooked exactly right.  Other dishes on the menu are just as delicious, but for me, when I go to a pho place, it's all about the pho.  Yes, the service could be better, but this is pretty typical for a Vietnamese restaurant.  They are never rude, but be prepared to have to flag down your server for the check.  Other than that, I have no complaints.
I am a PHO-addict and the pho here is VERY good.  I also love their spring rolls both the fried and fresh.  Also, if you are in the mood for fried rice, that is tasty as well.  The service is ok, there are times when we have had to hunt someone down to get our check.  The restaurant is a hole in the wall and it has a "unique" smell.  It's bad, but it is different.  If you want some good PHO then try this place out, it's good and priced very well to meet the budget.
Service is usually bad! But, today it was great and food like always was excellent. Me and wifey are always there. App #52 & #54 Main is #4 for wife and I get #22 I drink Coconut soda wife drinks Salted Lemonade with sugar...YUM!!!!!
Such a tragedy. I am SO SO sorry to see this place close! I have been going there for years and will without a doubt miss them :-(
NOW CLOSED. This was due to a deadly shooting. We will miss you.
My second favorite Pho place (Saigon Pho being the first).
Always good food here. Only problem is getting the bill when you are done eating. Not the most attentive servers.
You are missed Phu Thahn :'(  A loyal customer
Looks like I spoke too soon. It's back to going to 19th Ave and Camelback to get my pho/bbq pork fix.

For those who ask, the owner closed and moved because of what went down. If you want the same menu and food, go to Da Vang because it's within the same family. Phu Thanh moved to the West Valley and just opened inside of Lee Lee's on Cactus Rd.

So for those in Glendale, yay for you! For those who are stuck on the East side, you are welcome to come cry with me in a corner.
closed, but reopened in Lee Lee's Peoria.
7575 W Cactus Rd
Peoria, AZ 85381
We still go there, maybe once a month rather than every week. =(
Yeah, yeah, I know, it's a chain.  But it was there for us when we needed it.  My mother wasn't eating well on her own and my middle daughter lived in Mesa, not too far, so she would stop by Boston Market and pick up a couple of dinners on the way to visit her and they would have a nice visit and meal together.  Since Mother always liked what my daughter brought and ate well, at least we knew she was getting good nutrition from it and some leftovers for the next day.  

When I was in town I would stop by there too  I always liked their sides and would sometimes just get a vegetarian plate of just the sides.  I liked their roast sirloin or whatever they call it too, for the price.  And their desserts were pretty good.  I liked that they had dishes that you don't find in most fast food places.  I never had a problem with anything I ate from there and they were pretty consistent in their quality so I give it four stars on a sliding scale compared to other fast food establishments.  I'd go back anytime I'm in the mood for good old American comfort food.
A little pricey, but worth it. It's typical to spend around $15 for 2 people, which for fast food is up there. Even though the Yelp pricer thing say, cheap? Turkey with corn and mash potatoes and mac n cheese. Mmmmm. I only with they still had the sirloin.
Top notch, caring staff. For what they serve, at all hours of the day, never a let down. I eat here whenever I need a cooking break now.
Thanksgiving happens to be my favorite holiday! But here is the problem with that... its once a year. I crave turkey and all the fixins alot more then once a year but there is no way in hell I am going to cook all of that. So that is where Boston Market comes into play. 
Boston Market has all the home cooked goodness of Thanksgiving but they serve individual meals so I can get that wonderful Thanksgiving comfort food experience at a fraction of the price. VICTORY! 
Their turkey and chicken are delicious but just like Thanksgiving day, what really stand out for me are the sides. I don't think I have had one thing at Boston Market that I didnt like. Among my favorites are the creamed spinich, mac and cheese, veggie stuffing, sweet potato casserole, and corn bread. 
Yes their prices are a bit higher then KFC but the quality and taste of their food is in on a whole other level. Also the service is always fast and friendly. 
If you love Thanksgiving and want to taste it, go to Boston Market today!
Quarter chicken white with garlic new potatoes and mixed vegis. I get that meal at least once a week. Chicken is always cooked perfect with great flavor. Chocolate chip cookies are great too!  Staff at Alma/Ray are always friendly and give you a great smile at the drive thru.
Just okay food...i had the meatloaf sandwich...which was decent. Never being here but it failed to wow me. The girl at the register should put on smile once on a while.....great customer service goes a long way. Other than that it seem to cater to big family brunch.
Everything's fine here... they do seem to run out of chicken at times so like dark meat they were out of on a few occasions. otherwise I go back often, drive-through is fast and accurate.
I have eaten at Boston Market more these past 6-months than ever before, no particular reason.  This past experience left me tasting, well bland meatloaf.  I was very disappointed, very bland, no spices, nada zip.  Oh well, maybe I should simply stick to the chicken!!
We ordered our Thanksgiving dinner from this location, knowing from previous meals that the food has always been tasty.  Well, Boston Market did not disappoint.  The food was delicious, the turkey moist, the mashed potatoes were homemade.  All I needed to do (besides heat it all up in the oven) was thicken the gravy and add some of the turkey drippings to it.  The ordering and pickup process was simple and organized.  Tip:  schedule your pickup first thing to avoid long lines later in the day.  We may order from them again for Christmas dinner!
I stopped by last Thursday after a lengthy absence. I don't mind the restaurant in general, but when my former roommate and I moved to Phoenix in 2004 we didn't know the town and we didn't immediately venture too far away from the apartment. She loved Boston Market and dinner what seemed like nightly was there. We kept going back because every time we visited we received a coupon on the receipt for a buy one get one free meal. When I was able to avoid going constantly I stopped and hadn't returned.

I am searching for a rental home in Chandler, and as I was driving by around lunch time I noticed the old Boston Market we used to visit - so I decided to stop. I ordered the meatloaf, and that is definitely one of the best. I would say the 1/2 chicken and the turkey would be my other main selections. The mac & cheese is excellent, and I chose the garlicky spinach for the second side. As a meal it comes with the entree, two sides, and a corn bread. About $8 without a drink and upon check out I received, you guessed it - a buy one get on free coupon. Those are only good for specific dates -  mine was for two days hence, but I am not in that area too much now I skipped it. The meal was excellent and maybe heightened in appreciation since I no longer have it daily.
This place is great, same as I remember it from years ago when I worked near here. Food is fantastic, prices are not bad, and did I mention the food is fantastic?!?!
I know it's a chain, but it's a good one. This location is always clean and the food is fresh. I've never had a bad meal. The chicken is good as is the turkey. Spiral Mac and cheese and mixed vegetables are my favorite sides, but they have many more to choose from. It's nice to have a close fast food option that doesn't include a burger or anything fried.
We went for dinner on June 5th. First time at Boston Market . Staff was friendly. It was clean and seemed very organized. Wide variety of food selections. Everything looked fresh. We had meatloaf and turkey breast dinners. Both were tasty and fresh. Mashed potatoes and apple cinnamon were our sides with cornbread.  Very reasonable priced under $30 for both meals and drinks. Enjoyed the food and will return. They had one person clearing the tables since they handle cleaning off all tables. I didnt see anyone spray cleaning the table while i was there. Hopefully they do that. I am assuming they do....  Nice location with good food and service.
During the work week I have to eat out for lunch quite a bit and I get tired of paying 10+ for lunch. I remembered hearing something about Boston Market having a $5 lunch special so I figured I would go check it out... Finally there is a place that has good, somewhat healthy and well priced lunches! Your choice of carver sandwich with soup/salad and a drink, they have soup and salad and I can't remember the others but it was a pretty nice selection. 

You pay more at McDonald's for a combo and this is way better! If you are out and about for lunch I would highly recommend going here. I'm sure most people have eaten here before so the food won't be a big surprise but the price is GREAT! This will definitely be a go to for me.
I haven't been to a Boston Market in ages. But went in there last month for a change of pace during a sorching hot day. I LOVE the Boston Market A/C at this location. 

I had the half chicken with the Sweet Potatoes and Tortilla soup and a soft drink for about $11. The food was phenomenal. The cashier even said the soup was bottomless, wow! The soup was great, one serving was enough for me. The chicken was cooked perfectly and delicious. And I always save the sweet potatoes with the creamy melted marshmellows for last as my pseudo dessert (hint - get the sweet potatoes for Thanksgiving).
Pretty decent for fast food.  I haven't been to one of these places in over 5 years.  They serve the typical thanksgiving type foods or comfort foods. It was late and right down the street from my house so I picked this over Taco Bell.    I had a slider meal.  It had 3 little sandwiches a side and a drink for 5 bucks.   I got two turkey and cheese and a meatloaf.  My side was spinach w/ gobs of cheese creamy unhealthiness.

The standout of the evening was the sign next to the register on the glass case.  It was worth 5 + stars

"We're happy to freshly toss your salad.  Just ask!"


I laughed and sent the pic to my firneds.  The sign alone makes this place worth the visit
I usually get the 3 piece dark combo which is delicious. But I have to say those chicken drumsticks and thighs come from the skinniest chickens on the face of the earth. A couple of nibbles on the thigh and you're basically down to the bone. 

I think Boston Market needs to feed those skinny chicken models a little bit more. For the $9.67 they charge for that meal, which includes a drink; I think Boston Market can do better and I'll just have to go elsewhere for my chicken fix until things improve.
I have been to several Boston Market locations and this one is my favorite. The lobby is always clean and the staff is friendly. Prices can be a bit high on some items but worth the money if you want a good homestyle cooked meal without doing all the work.
Our family has a love/ hate affair with Boston Market.

In the early years, Boston Market  was a hot property, as hot as Chipotle is now.  Back then, when it was know as Boston Chicken, the sight of those spinning chickens would make our mouths water.  

Then the dot com era burst and people didn't want to go out for something they could buy at their local grocery store.  And then, due to over expansion, Boston Market went bankrupt.

So now, if you are following along at home, this when McDonalds came in and bought the company and saved them.  I forget what state we were living in at the time, but it seemed that all the Boston Markets, but a few were closed over night.  

Today, we have a more upscale restaurant.  Not quite a wait-service place, but close.  You order, like always up front and someone will come by and deliver your meal to your table.  Nice!  They even have fancy napkins and everything.  How about those green tinted Coca-Cola glasses, eh? LOL

Where our family has a disconnect, is the more upscale price and somewhat diminished quantity; hence value for our money.  They've also change several standard menu items like stuffing and cream spinach for what benefit I cannot understand.  In retail, you don't fix things that aren't broken! 

The food is still good.  The service is even better and the menu is still mostly (with the above noted exceptions) unchanged.  It's just times have changed.  Fry's and every other supermarket offer a fully roasted chicken for $6.00, and those guys at Chipotle are growing exponentially.  And one of these days, the public is going to figure out that El Pollo Loco is just as good.

So, we don't come here as often as we would like.  It's just now, there are so many places in the crowded "I don't feel like cooking tonight dinner market."  Sorry!
There were bubbles of soap shining on the tops of my various side dishes so I couldn't even eat my lunch.
Food is mediocre at best. Everythings been sitting out way longer than it should. Lance the manager has a very fake attitude. Pretends to be nice to customers but clearly isn't a pleasent person. Constantly yelling at his employees as well. On top of the mediocre food, the prices are way too high. Got a chicken carver combo for $10. Not nearly worth that. Maybe $5. Also only one drink size? Worst business module I've ever heard of.
Boo hiss your TV dinners are less salty than your food fresh from this restaurant. Used to love Boston Chicken but it's declined too much.
Great place to go for the nights I don't want to cook! They always seem to have fresh food out and ready to go around dinner time. Love the creamed spinach and the rotisserie chicken as well as the meatloaf. If you don't want to cook and want some comfort food, stop by this Boston Market. Clean too!
Boston Market, is well, Boston Market.  But, I like it, and thier food is good, chain or no chain.  I really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars, but decided I would up them to four stars, since thier food tastes pretty good.

I went here for Thanksgiving dinner, and the service was wonderful.  People were friendly here, considering that they are stuck working on a holiday serving others thier holiday dinner.  Place was clean, but the Turkey was kind of dry.  BUT, it beats that over processed crap your going to get anywhere else.
Used to go to Boston Market a long time ago.  Loved the chicken and the cole slaw, so went in just for that.  Guess what?  They don't make cole slaw anymore.  So I won't be a customer anymore.  Just ok.
As far as Boston Markets go, this one isn't bad. It, along with most of the restaurants I've seen lately, has been nicely renovated. They also seem to have upped their customer service, in that after you place your order, they actually escort you to your table and bring you your food. Even though there are no dedicated waiters, the employees still do their best to come around and make sure you're doing well.

The food itself is delicious! The chicken is always juicy, and the sides are always plentiful and tasty as well. Personally, I flip flop between the creamed spinach, the mac and cheese, and sometimes the sweet potatoes if I'm feeling like a complete pig. 

The only drawback to this particular location for me is that there's no drive through. I know, I know...first world problems.  Other than that, you'll be sure to find great service, engaged employees, and most of all, great food!
The service was great at this location
The young girl helping me choose my dish was super helpful
She woo'd me into trying the new pork ribs
She was so cool and friendly that I trusted her opinion. I ended up getting the ribs with Mac and cheese and stuffing as both of my sides 
My evening meal was great and it all started with that warm, friendly recommendation from the customer service 
This location is pretty much like every Boston Market, inside and out as far as decor and menu
Yumzo!
Tasted like chicken, which is what I ordered so they have that going for them. Pretty decent food, nice staff at this location, quick and easy for lunch!
Fast, friendly, great service, clean, and the food was all right! It was what I expected. If I need a quick bite to eat, I will definitely come back here.
I was pleasantly surprised by this outing at Boston Market. A few years ago, I had eaten at this location and wasn't particularly wowed by the food or the service. But now, they have improved by leaps and bounds. They're really focusing on a more comfortable, cozy environment for patrons that wish to dine on their homey Americana style eats with a fast-food type efficiency.

After you place your order, the cashier will bring your food to your table. If you get your order to eat in, they will serve it on some white plates with silverware. The workers here are fast and efficient, and are friendly even in high traffic times. When they can, the staff will come around and ask if you need anything, and will clear your table for you. The service here has been better than at some sit-down full service restaurants I've been to!

They offer deals now which are great if you are dining with another person. For $20, you can get 2 individual meals, 2 drinks, and 2 desserts! Quite a lot of food for a decent price.
Not once, but twice, have I left this restaurant only to end up violently ill for 2 days following. If it happens once, ok, maybe it's a one-off, a fluke. But for it to happen twice? Nope. I'm done. Both times, my partner and I went, got identical sides, but I got chicken, she got meatloaf. She never got sick, so I'm guessing the meatloaf is safe. 

But both times I had chicken, which looked like it was cooked through, I ended up in the bathroom for 2 days straight with the worst case of food poisoning. Like I said, if it had only happened once, that's one thing. But to have an identical reaction twice in a row says that something isn't right.

I'm wondering how sanitary the rotisseries are that hold the chicken. I mean, they put raw chicken on, cook it, take it off, throw another raw chicken on the same skewer. I don't see a lot of safe food handling being done. 

Needless to say, I'm not going back. Ever. In fact the thought of eating rotisserie chicken makes my stomach turn. Thanks Boston Market.
I remember my parents taking me to boston market when I was a kid in California. There's just something about their comfort food that sits right in my belly. Always a good experience at this location in Tempe. Foods good. Always satisfied.
Boston Market... yum.  If you're in the mood for some home-style foods or in a hurry and want some comfort food, this is the place to go!  I especially like this location because they have the same menu with healthy options AND they'll make you up a fresh batch of something if they're running low or it's late and they ran out.  My roomie and I sometimes stopped here after our Lifetime Fitness nights. :)

See ya there!
I've been to this Boston Market at least three times now, once a coupla years ago on my last trip to Az when my daughter and I were looking for a fast place to grab a bite before a movie at the Tempe Cinema Theater and then I rediscovered it by Yelping the neighborhood for the same purpose a couple of weeks ago.  That time I grabbed a quick Rotisserie Chicken Plate, dark meat (my favorite), with sides of Rotisserie Chicken Noodle Soup (unlimited refills but I didn't have time to partake of that), cornbread, broccoli (gotta get my veggies in when possible), and sweet potatoes casserole.  Other than being a little salty, which concerns me for health reasons, and the casserole being pretty sweet, everything was delicious and I wished I hadn't had to rush thru it but didn't want to eat popcorn on an empty stomach.  It made mighty fine leftovers the next day, too.

I attempted to go back a week later to try the Turkey Plate but discovered after I parked that I had worn the wrong shorts with my money and cards in the other pair back at the motel.  By the time I drove back there it was too late for the movie so I just ate near my motel and called it a night.  

Last night I made sure I was properly financed and headed over to this Boston Market again.  As soon as I walked in I was  enveloped in wonderful aromas that made my mouth water.  I ordered the Turkey Plate with cornbread, creamed spinach and mashed potatoes for about $8 including tax.  Now, I'm a dark meat fan, but that turkey breast was so moist and tender and flavorful I was an instant fan.  I could cut it with a fork, no knife needed.  The only problem was for whatever reason, it wasn't hot, just sort of tepid, even borderline cool in spots.  Because I was hungry and headed for another movie across the street I didn't say anything because it tasted so good.  The spinach and mashed potatoes were hot, just not the meat.  

Later in the meal a worker walked by and asked how everything was so I politely let her know the everything was delicious accept the meat wasn't hot when served to me.  A man who may have been a manager overheard me and insisted on bringing me a fresh serving of turkey even tho I told him it wasn't necessary.  I ate most of it there because it was even better warm, and added the rest to my leftovers for lunch today.  Needless to say I was highly impressed with this level of customer service.

The only other issue I had was when I first sat down I found the chair to be quite loose and wiggly so I switched to the chair next to it.  When the same man mentioned earlier walked by I mentioned to him about the chair.  He tested it, agreed it was not acceptable, and immediately removed it from service, thanking me for letting him know.  Again, I was impressed by how quickly a customer's concerns we're responded to.

I'm actually looking forward to returning here to have some of their Beef Brisket and maybe more turkey and soup.
Good old American food
I've been to this location many times.  I like that the food is fast, but not fast food.  We call it "Thanksgiving for Lunch".  The service is good, although they can be annoying when walking the restaurant. 

They lose a half star for taking the salt off the table and hiding it up by the soda machines.  Don't try to be a salt nanny.  And a half star for being too forward (Constantly walking the dining area, and watch out for the frequent buyers club or whatever it is called - they just have a list in front of the register with your contact info sitting there for anyone to read/copy/steal).
About as good for you as fast food gets - I love their stuffing, green beans, and mashed potatoes. I usually stick with the chicken, but they also have meatloaf and pot pie. The corn bread sucks - its time they let it go!
Great for people who want food fast and are willing to give up poor quality, unhealthy ingredients and crappy customer service.

The food is fresh, yummy and affordable (personal favorite = pot pie) - it's clean and comfortable - and the people working there are incredibly, almost unbelievably, friendly and attentive. Kudos to the manager for creating an environment that is all too rare in the Valley.

I don't know if all Boston Markets are like this one, but this one is really good.
I like this place because compared to claim jumper, prices are more reasonable for a meatloaf dinner and quicker. and if you get on their email list, you'll get special offers. Great comfort food choices and friendly service.   But I wish they had a drive thru at this location since sometimes I have my kids with me and this is not my first choice if I have them with me.
I always feel like I am in a cafeteria when I'm at a Boston Market, but this one? It makes me feel like I'm in a cafeteria... a sanitarium cafeteria. The place was gross. Not sanitary. Food was old and gray. The place creeped me out. Big thumbs down
Went here with 2 co-workers. Not too busy of time of day. They gave us 2 meals. Obviously, we ordered 3. They actually tried to briefly argue that they gave us all our meals. Seriously? 3 sitting at the table with 2 meals. 2+2 equals.....? Food was good though.
This is actually a really good Boston Market if you ask me.

I have found the customer service to be excellent and well above my expectations on more than one occasion. One young gentleman named Trevor was very helpful and gave us some great information about catering for a special event one of the times we went. He checked in on us to see how the food was and cleared our table and made sure we had everything we needed. I was quite impressed!

The food is also always really good at Boston Market. The brownies are addictive! I love how the fountain coke always tastes really good here and better than it does at other quick restaurants. I also like their drink cups a lot!
Nice location. Food is good. I like getting the side meal when I can;t think of where to eat. My baby loves the mac and cheese here. Staff is nice. Store is clean.
Just went thru the drive thru. All I needed was some red potatoes to take to a family lunch. They told me it would be about 5 minutes. It was actually almost 10 but the manager personally walked out the potatoes to me, apologized, and gave me an order of brownies.  she said "please take these on us and enjoy them wherever you are headed to" AWESOME CUSTOMER SERVICE
This place is BAD..... they dont know how to cut up there meat well all of the meat has the extra fat and nastiness that you dont want to eat i would NEVER. Advise any of you to go here i dont want to go there again myself.
I have been dreaming of you. Oh Boston Market, since I have moved south, I have been looking back on our past with such fond memories.

I sometimes cry knowing we are so far away from each other... and oh how I long for your tender turkey breast.  Cornbread that just melts in your mouth, and even the vegetables are from some other planet of awesomeness.

MC Burger Taco Box just isn't doing it for me anymore. Last night, in a desperate act of "preparing dinner" avoidance, the family loaded up and headed over to a slightly mediocre eating establishment *cough*pandaexpress*cough* and not only were we hurried through the maze of fried, sauteed, and mono-saturated, we were yelled at by probably the smallest woman I have ever seen. There was no warm smiles, rotisserie chicken, or green bean casserole.  

I love you Boston Market, please move to Laveen, before I am battered and deep fried.
~2
Best sides dishes of any of its competition and the chicken ain't half bad either.  They have changed their service to ceramic plates and metal siverware if you eat in.  The chicken has always been good and the sides great for a fast food environment.
Have been to this Boston Market with Friend's on 5 Different Occasion's and everytime we go there. All of our Side Order's are alway's COLD.

Cold Mashed Potatoe's, Cold Stuffing, etc, etc. And they serve you very, very Small Piece's of Chicken for the Price that they charge you. 
-$7.50 with Tax.

It's not worth it.

I have to admit the Food look's very seasoned and moist. 
But it's ALWAY'S COLD.

And they give you.....Small Piece's of Chicken. 

Sorry Gang, Save Your Money and Go Somewhere Else. 
Too Expensive for Small Piece's of Chicken and COLD FOOD.
oOoh been here once for dinner and about three times for lunch...it's really a great place for a quick and easy meal and it's not too fatty like other fast foods..and it's pretty cheap. 

I love their 3 piece dark meat rotisserie chicken that comes with a delicious cornbread (I'm usually not fond of cornbread) and two choices of sides. I've had the creamed spinach, corn, veggie mix, squash mix, roasted herb red potatoes and sweet yam which is my least favorite....the sweet yam casserole is just too sweet for my taste...so not a big fan of that one..other than that the other sides are pretty good. The meatloaf meal is also really good...two really good size slice of meatloaf also with a choice of two sides and a cornbread...2 bucks more expensive than the chicken but sometimes you want something besides chicken. heh

So for a quick easy cheap semi-healthy meal that does not consist of a hand full of grease (burgers, pizza, tacos of that sort..) then Boston Market is really a fantastic choice =)

Yummers!
I don't care what anybody says, Boston Market it good homecooked style food. The prices are a half step above cheap but, I'm always down for good food. 

I got the chicken salad sanwhich with a side of mac and cheese. And of course a large cup of minute maid. All very good. Ill be back. Heard they got good chicken.....
Great food and service! They will bring your food to your table if you dine in and the staff is very friendly especially the manager.  Be sure to try the half chicken meal and Mac and sweet potatoes.  Their buy one and get the second half off is an amazing deal.
I always think their food is too salty but we come here on occasion.  They now bring your order to you and the food is served on plastic, washable plates rather than the disposable ones.  I like the chicken but like I said it's just all on the salty side for me.
I don't care if it's "gourmet poor people food." I love it! Was convinced to do the BOGO chicken and rib meal special split between three people. Not a bad deal. Mashed potatoes and corn were my favorite. BBQ sauces and ribs are pretty boring. Chicken is the best.
This is not a place that I would normally go to but my brother said I'm craving it. What to do what to do this is been going on for a week so finally I said behind will eat at Boston market if you have ever been in jail this food could possibly be delicious For you but for all the rest of us on the outside this is slop if you like overcooked vegetables overcooked chicken covered in nasty Gravy this is the place for you all I can say is yuck not for me but if you like it eat it
We went for lunch and I just had to write a review.   We walked in, immediately greeted, told about their specials, got our food very quickly and sat down to eat.  So, our food was pretty good, we had chicken, ribs, loaded mashed potatoes, macaroni and cheese,  and cornbread.   The cornbread was amazing, moist, and very delicious.  The chicken was equally tasty, actually everything was very good, except my only complaint was the ribs were lacking of actual meat, they aren't the hearty ribs I was expecing and they were luke warm.  However, what made me 5 star this visit was their outstanding customer service.   The staff made us feel welcome, were extremely pleasant, I just can't say enough about how nice we were treated, they get 5 stars just for that!  It's becoming more and more difficult these days to find somewhere to go where the employees actually give a hoot about customer service.  That alone will make us go back again and again.    My only other critique, would be that of the lady walking around the place with her cell phone attached to her head, I'm guessing she was the manager and she was also was sitting in the eating area set up with her briefcase and again on her cell phone.  I don't think it's entirely appropriate for that to be ok.  Isn't there an office she could have went into, or at the very least pick the furthest table/booth away from customers view as much as possible, just sort of unprofessional in our opinion.   All in all, we'll be back, glad they are still around.
Went to pick up dinner tonight at Boston Market, and received excellent service. Joey, one of the Boston Market employees, helped me pick out a low calorie meat entree and was very knowledgeable about their selection. Great service!!
In the sordid world of fast food chains Boston Market is like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman, a hooker with a heart of gold. The store is clean, the food is good (and can be good for you) and the service is never lacking. 

This particular location wins points from me due to it's location. It just so happens to be right between my gym and my office, making any post-workout protein cravings a no brainer. 

The main dishes are always consistent. I usually opt for the turkey, but the other meats are well prepared as well. The sides can be hit or miss, depending on how long they've been out or who prepared them. Typically the simpler the side the harder it is to screw up. Go green beans! 

The service is friendly and efficient. Usually my food is done by the time I've gotten my drink. You can't really go wrong with that speed. 

If I ever need to gnaw on a hunk of meat after a gym session Boston Market will continue to be my spot.
The first time i have ever been to this Boston Market. They greet you nicely when you walk in. The restaurant is very clean.....Lots of different food cooked and in stock. Smelled wonderful in there. I got the chicken pot pie, roasted chicken, green beans and mash w gravy. As well as the lemon spinach and corn bread.  Tasted a little of every thing  and everything was wonderful. Love it!
Turkey and chicken is good.

Everything else taste like hospital food at best depending on how long its been sitting.
This is actually kind of sad. The customer service here is very good. Food was served quickly and tasted fine. Here's my problem. I ordered a 3 pc meal. What I got was two pieces of chicken (leg & thigh) and the one thigh had been cut into two pieces. No, really, I'm not kidding! (see photo) WTF? Are you kidding me. Then, once you get to your table and sit down, you realize the Salt Police have left a note insinuating that your eating too much Sodium and you need some extra exercise if you want the salt shaker because you have to get back up and go get one. COME ON GUYS! For a $10 meal I want 3 REAL pieces of chicken and a salt shaker! Ugh!
The chicken and Mac and cheese are great
I go there for lunch at least twice a week I Love this place, and their new Select Chicken Sandwiches, very juicy. Very clean, and fast service. Really good costumer service. The older lady that's there at nights is very generous and is always attentive to the costumers wants.
The staff does a pretty good job and were friendly.  The manager was a bit standoffish and could be more welcoming.  The problem is the food is TERRIBLE.  The ribs are frankly, tasteless and the texture is strange.  The chicken is also tasteless although it was cooked well.  The brisket and meatloaf are also bland and seemed like they had been sitting for hours.  Very disappointing since I spent $80.00 for a mini-buffet.  All of the sauces, meats and most of the sides have the same tasteless flavor, or lack thereof.  The only food that was somewhat okay was the sweet potatoes.  Skip this place for any kind of meal.
I frequent this location before work quite a bit since I start work right around the normal dinner time. Always clean, friendly, and good food. They have real silverware and "real" plastic plates! Lol.
I have been to this location a few times before work and they're quick!!  Prior to this, I hadn't been to a Boston Market in years!  The last time I was there, they had plastic forks and knives and plastic plates that was sectioned off for your food. Now...real silverware and real plates!!   Nice!  :)
I love that they offer bowls now too. They are the perfect size and you can get anything you want in it!  Hmmm.  All this talking is making me want to go now!!
Having the Mediterranean chicken salad for the first time.  Not very Mediterranean, but i like it and it's enough for two.  This is a nice store, in a nice area, with nice people.  The real deal is if you go in on a week night, you get a coupon good for the weekend, buy a meal and a 32 oz drink, get a 2nd entree free.  So turkey lunch, salad dinner, for around $10.

I like that you can eat healthy here. I'd like to know how they get the turkey so moist.  I get the turkey because of that, even though i would rather have the chicken (all dark, too much fat!).  You can get chicken noodle soup as a side, and I like the green beans (i like sweet potato but it's a bit too sweet, which is only bad because of the added calories).  and corn bread for desert.
What happened Boston Market?  You used to have a nice nutritious meal at a great price point. Now, portions are very skimpy, veggies are limp, turkey is full of gristle and, worst of all your gravy is horribly watered down. Still a notch above other fast food but, what happened?  C'mon, you can tell us.
I stopped in for dinner Sunday night because I wanted something fresh and healthy.

I sure was happy I chose to visit an old favorite. I actually have been eating at Boston Market for many years, We would go to the valleys original location in Tempe, and back then it was a great place. Over the years I saw the quality fade and the flavors go south. I chalked that up to growth and just chose other dining options.

On last nights visit I was greeted by a friendly young lady who had that great "we are happy you are here" smile. I was happy that she helped guide me through side selections so I could get a side salad and fresh steamed veggies with The Half Chicken Special.

After ordering I noticed that the drink and condiment station was well stocked and clean, as was the dining room. I found a table and within seconds my meal was brought to me by the same friendly cashier. 

The meal was Hot and smelled delicious, The steamed veggies were cooked perfect and on the same quality level as most high end restaurants in this town. The side Caesar salad was fresh and yummy and at no extra cost! WOW! The Star of the night though was the perfectly cooked and seasoned chicken. I was so impressed with the plates and utensils because the were real. No plastic and paper, that was a nice touch.

Places like this have teams of executives that work hard to make sure there unit teams perform and execute meals and guest satisfaction like I had last night. Well somebody's doing there job and THAT'S FRESH!!!!

I recommend Boston Market if you have never been or haven't been in a while. It has to be the best meal in town under 10 bucks!
It's Boston Market. Same great taste and service like the others. Quick drive thru too.
We had planned to go to the Rio's Seafood Buffet however they were closed for remodeling until Mar 2008.  My brother recommended Hush Puppy.  We had the best all you can eat Crab legs you can get.  We had been to Alaska last year and the crab was just as sweet.  This place is  a large hole in the wall and  many of the local
 people show up and eat here (good sign)  All you can eat catfish was also good and the price wasn't  high.  I will go again but check ahead of time see which day they will be serving the all you can eat crab.  Other fixings ok but you are going for the crab.  Ribs not that good but why order ribs here anyway.  My Mom had Salmon said it was light and good.  We went to the one on Carleston (15 minutes from strip). Also have drive thru.
Wow...this place will sure make your puppy go..goo goo ga ga

Love the food....all u can eat salad bar, great quality & quantity juicy snow crab, scrumptious fried oyster, and flavorful ribs with meat fallin' off the bone.  The menu changes daily like all you can eat crab on monday etc.  Your belly will sure be satisfied and stuffed....just plain yum.  

If you're feelin' adventurous...try alligator or frog.  Maybe on my next trip.

The decor is southern meet bamboo country style.  Your server is very friendly.  Did I also mention...very reasonable pricing.

Whenever you're bored.....of course you're in Vegas so hit the slots inside the restaurant.

I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas!
This place been around for ... darn many years.
I only went there for Monday night All-you-can-eat-king-crab-legs-special :)

Monday plan is:
1. Light breakfast
2. Veeeerry light lunch
3. 5PM - get to Hush Puppy
4. Munch on their excellent Cole Slaw and Hush Puppies
5. Plate of crab legs - Plate of crab legs- Plate of crab legs ..... Plate of crab legs ... no I can't eat anymore ... plate of crab legs.
6. Loosen up belt buckle
7. Wash your crab stinky hands
8. Stop by Big Dogs brewery right down the street and have a microbrew ... repeat if you can.
9. Skip breakfast and lunch next day :)

You can order from the menu of course ... but we never really bothered. 

Bottom line: for how much crab we ate this place was probably taking loss on us :). Forget casino seafood buffet - concentrate on the good stuff.
a little inattentive forgot our fries & slaw but kept the crab legs coming-very friendly
all-u-can-eat crab what more do you need!! hot-fresh & oh so tasty!!
everything is good here!! didn't get any salad, fries or cole slaw
any place that has all-u-can-eat crab is alright by me!!
only $24.95 per person every monday night!!
usually much better service
The Hush Puppy has a sad looking dog on the front of their restaurant which I think is appropriate, I felt like that puppy looks when I left the restaurant last night. I met my girlfriend and her mom there for mom's birthday last night (Happy Birthday!!) as they like the Thursday night all you can eat seafood special. I've been suspicious of the Hush Puppy for several reasons, shady area, "southern food" in Nevada, and most telling a never quite full parking lot when I go by. Still I gave it a shot because there are plausible reasons why a good or even great restaurant my experience any one if not all of these things. Unfortunately that wasn't the case as I saw it last night. 

The restaurant it's self has been at this location for many years and it's age is showing; faded paint, outdated fixtures and furniture, it almost had a depressing feel to be honest. 

We waited a few minutes at the register as there was no hostess or sign inviting us to seat ourselves. Not a big deal but as the place wasn't that busy I questioned why we had to wait at all. We placed a drink order straight away and were told to help ourselves to the salad bar and hush puppies at the table. The salad bar was marginal at best, few topping options and the cherry tomato's were a bit old but not too bad. I did like the coleslaw. The hush puppies at the table were not at all what I had expected, about the size of a my little finger and oval in shape they had no flavor and I quickly put them to the side; I've had some delightful hush puppies in the past with chopped onions and seasoning. 

Fortunately we didn't have to wait too long for our meal to arrive, the all you can eat seafood included fried butterfly shrimp, cocktail shrimp, clam strips, deep fried oysters, and fried catfish (really seafood?) with a side of french fries I nibbled but left to the side as to focus on the seafood. With the exception of the clam strips which I found tough and gamy I liked everything on the plate. While surprised having catfish in a seafood special it was good, I liked the butterfly shrimp the best. The food as definitely the best part of my experience which is why I gave it two stars. 

I was very disappointed at the service, there were maybe four tables in our section, not an overwhelming prospect for a waitress I would think yet ours spent more time in the kitchen. My water was empty shortly after our plates arrived and I didn't get a refill for nearly 10 minutes, unacceptable. 

If you must have "southern cooking" in Las Vegas and have nowhere else to go I suppose you could give them a try as other guests have given favorable reviews but I wouldn't recommend it. I certainly won't be going back on my own.
First, this is by no means a "seafood" restaurant.  It's not the restaurant's fault that someone put it in that category.  Just the same, if you go to this restaurant looking for fish that come from the sea, you'll be highly disappointed. 

This restaurant has Louisiana style food.  I had an alligator/frog leg combo for about $12.95.  The portions were fair, and the alligator was as good as any I had while briefly living in Louisiana.  It came with a basket full of hushpuppies, and they were good.  The salad bar was included, with cole slaw the star of the show there.  My wife had blackened catfish with a baked potato and broccoli.  She's a little weird (maybe not weird, physically fit?) and complains about the butter flavor on the broccoli.  That's a plus in my book.  I tasted some of her dish, and I'd say it was just "okay".  She had ample portions, so if you want to be full on a catfish meal for about $12.50, this may be your place.

For the superhungry, they do offer "all you can eat" deals.
As you might suspect The Hush Puppy on Nellis Blvd has been around for a LONG time. How can I attest to that fact? I vividly remember having a temper tantrum as a child (probably 5 years old) near the salad bar. Rolling around on the floor tantrum, as in my mother spanked me in public tantrum (hello 80s!). Anyway, I am now 27 years old and have been to The Hush Puppy on numerous occasions. 

Basically this is a southern-style fish restaurant. A majority of the seafood (and alligator) are fried. Fried clam strips, fried shrimp, fried catfish, etc. If you're looking for more of the "grilled" fresh from the sea type stuff you are going to the wrong place. I've tried just about everything here, but my faves are definitely the all you can eat crab legs, the catfish, and the clam strips. I friggin love clam strips, I don't know why, but I do. ALSO - don't forget the hush puppies here. I personally think they could use a bit more flavor, but when you put their sweet butter on them they turn into delectable little treats. The salad bar is meager at best, but I doubt you're really coming here to fill up on salad.

As for the ambiance - service can be hit or miss. I know I've come here with my family before and been just irritated with the lackluster service, but then other times when the service was great. Unfortunately I think that just comes with the territory of the place. It is not fine dining, so the servers are just going to be a draw for ya.

I assume some people would be turned off by the location, it is a bit desolate, but most of the time when the place is hopping the parking lot is full. It's old, yes. But it's a great place to get your fishy/southern munch on.
The fried catfish here is so good. I wish they would bring back the all you can crab legs on Monday.
I grew up in Texas and spent some time in Louisiana and this place really brings back childhood memories. It features southern cooking which means just about everything is either fried or cooked in bacon fat. The food is really tasty, but this place is NOT for the health conscious. I had the fried alligator and collard greens which were just as goods those I use to get in Louisiana. The salad bar has an ok selection, but they need pickled okra to make the southern feeling complete. 

We came in with a fairly large party, about 7 of us in all and our server was fun and efficient. Our glasses were never empty and she made sure we were never wanting for hush puppies with sweetened butter.
This place has some of the best catfish in Las Vegas.  You can eat in or go through the drive through although the menus vary a little.  There is more variety inside and you can eat the salad bar.  The catfish is battered in a cornmeal batter.  I recommend the fried oysters although on my latest visit I was a little disappointed that they price of (6) had gone from $3.99 to $4.99 I assume because of hurricanes, flooding, or drought.   I am happy to report that over the years they have greatly improved the fries and they are very good.  The fried shrimp is passable, but are breaded before begin frozen.  The hush puppies are always great although better when eating inside since I always forget to ask for a side of honey butter which is free inside, but  costs money for take-out.  Another reason to eat inside is you can get the all you can eat specials or the standard catfish deal.

Additional compliment:  Their fries have greatly improved over the years.  They used to be the worst, but now they are pretty awesome.  They are perhaps the best French fries in Las Vegas.  I like them better than any fast food fries.
I've been to this restaurant several years ago and I went again last night with my girlfriend and dad.  We had to wait a few minutes because the place was slammed with customers.  Truthfully...there are only two waiters a dishwasher and the cook so if you order it may be awhile especially if you go between 5 and 7 pm.

Besides that the food is southern fried and the catfish is is the bomb.  I didn't like the shrimp too much it tasted a little different.  The tea is super sweet just I like it.  There's not much to choose from on the salad bar but it will hold you over till the main course gets there.  Give it a try!
The food was mediocre.  Husband ordered a combination platter specifically to get some gator.  He received his plate with no gator.  When he questioned where his gator was, he was told that they were out of gator.  Um, hello? Why wouldn't they inform him of that when he ordered it?  The manager said that they wouldn't be getting any gator until the end of the month (this was mid-month) so it's not like they suddenly ran out.  Our waitress was nice but so new that every time we asked a question, she had to leave us to go find out the answer.  Made for very slow service.
This place was pretty disgusting. The only thing I could recommend is the gumbo, Other than that the food was bad. The shrimp was probably Tyson brand, at least it taste like it. My sis asked for fried chicken, waitress said they don't have the ability to do any frying. The waitress then offered chicken tenders, she brought out but we later thought, if they don't do any frying,how are the tenders, fries, shrimp and fish fried? Could've been all microwaved. Everything was cold. I would not recommend this place to the homeless....
I love, love, love this place!  I don't know if I was there on a good day!  But when I don't feel like cooking my own, guess where I will be?  I'm waiting for you to guess?  Yep...DING DING DING! Hush Puppy!  
They aren't afraide to put there foot in there cooking (for those that don't  know, that's a good thing)  Yes, the seasoning on this fish was amazing, I love mine fried hard!  The salad was good, the Baked potatoe, was good!  I just wish they had pepsi products!  lol,
If your ever in the area, stop and check it out.  I know there's another one on Chareston, but I havent been to that one.
I've routinely visited this location whenever I've visited Vegas, but I'm seriously thinking I won't return. 

My last visit -last week- found poor service and poorer quality of food. After being seated the waitress took our drink order and didn't return for almost ten minutes, and only because we asked the hostess for help.

 I ordered the AYCE catfish and can honestly say the fish was awful!  

The texture of the fish was dry and crumbly, no moistness anywhere. It seems to me they've taken catfish fillets, cut them in half then deep fried until every piece of that fish becomes dusty crumbs. 

My niece had the boiled shrimp which didn't disappoint, but I can get shrimp anywhere. I wanted my catfish and I wanted it to be edible and tasty. Is that too much to ask?
First of all the company is writing their positive reviews. Everyone that was eating there was miserable. To start off my experience let me tell you that there was hair between the clear plastic on the menu and the paper. It was disgusting. I ignored this and ordered food. Huge mistake! The all u can eat is not feasible when your food takes 30 minutes per plate. The catfish arrived, and I don't expect much from catfish, it's just that the fish they brought was terrible. I took one bite, it was the worst thing I have ever eaten. While there I ate 6 shrimp and a few clam strips. Overall we saw our waitress twice and she never came back to ask if we wanted more. PLease never eat there, it is a horrid experience. Go to Long John Silvers before you go here. The place is not clean, the food is horrendous and the service is absent. If anyone rates the place as decent they are crazy or simple. No BS I hate Long John Silvers and this place is way worse. It's not homely like many southern fish joints, it's dirty and gross. I am from NC and have eaten at many disgusting fish camps and this place is beyond a joke. There is no hole in the wall appeal here. This place needs to be shutdown and those who continue to believe the reviews written by the restaurant are in for a terrible treat. I now have to go because my stomach is very upset from the dreadful salad bar.
Ive been a million times to this fish shack. But this last time really takes the cake. How about I tell you all about the old salad they display. OMG its old but you just happen to open 30 minutes ago. How on earth do you place old food out when you just opened? I got the all you can eat catfish and omg they didn't clean it right nor did they wash the fish in vinegar its smelled like something just died. Ewww!
The baked potato was hard and not done. The cup I was given to drink out of was dirty. And the restroom looked so dirty I walked in and said no way ...I mean that if I was homeless I would not use that restroom.
 It makes you ponder if the food is like that. And the restroom is dirty what does the kitchen look like? It made my belly hurt just to think of the nastyness that very well could be in that kitchen. We was only customer number 6 so they have no excuse as to why everything is dirty and nasty. I will never return. I looked over at my husband while at the dinner table and I said to him get full because we will never come back here ever in life.
My family and I visited this place yesterday to celebrate a birthday.  Let me tell you that it was the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant.  The fish was horrible and the shrimp taste like it came straight from the freezer section of the local grocery store...actually that's giving them too much credit, because I've had frozen food from the market and it taste 110% better. Not only was the food inedible, but the entire restaurant had a strange smell...that should have been our first clue.  A couple of people in our group had the Gumbo and I wouldn't recommend that dish either.  My son had something as simple as a hamburger, and that was just barely edible. Everyone had stomach issues immediately after leaving the restaurant.  We are all from Los Angeles and have had our share of good fried fish all over LA, so we know good food. All I can say is don't do it, unless you like giving your money away. Let me make one thing clear, they are only receiving 1 star, because I don't believe have any other choice to select lower than 1.
This is my family's go to place for a quick dinner. The food is SO delicious, and since I live right around the comer and there is a drive through it is so convenient.
First off, I do not work for the company. Secondly, I have only been there once. My husband & I went here with friends who winter in Vegas, on our recent visit there. Yes, it's "divey" and could use some updating. The salad bar was fresh, and I can tell salad that isn't. Very good macaroni salad. Husband and I had the all you could eat catfish and it was phenomenal. It had a real cornmeal coating, not some stupid "batter". It was moist and tender and quite flavorful. I mostly like the fact they were boneless fillets; around here all you get is a slab of half a fish you have to pick off the bones. Tartar sauce seems to  be homemade. Service was prompt and friendly...a server who has worked there for years and knows our friends. I had the collard greens as my side (felt I'd been eating far too many freid foods and carbs on our trip) and they were amazing. And I know collard greens from my best friend. Lastly, it was a Saturday night and they were very busy when we left...the place was full of people who seemed to know what good southern-fried fish and the extras ARE. Try the jalapeno hush puppies if you think the originals are too bland. Price was fantastic...less than $60 for four adults. Where can you say THAT in Vegas?
Awesome spot for some good fried catfish, hush puppies and greens. The gumbo my husband had he said it was delicious.  If your ever in Vegas make sure you stop by and check out hush puppy restaurant.
So one night we craved for some catfish & raw oysters. (Okay, okay..no hankie-pankie here, we were just HUNGRY) What's the best place to grab one? Couldn't think of anywhere else besides Hush Puppies. 

Nice big, bright sign by the street, you won't miss it. We opted for the drive thru coz the kids were fast asleep in the backseat. Although there was a little mixed up in our order, they were very apologetic about it &  was fast in resolving the issue. 

The catfish came steaming hot & the oysters were fresh. Nyum!! Happy tummy here!!! Customer service was impeccable. 

PRO: food, customer service
CON: waiting time

Coming back & would definitely recommend.
This is the best place to get southern fried catfish is Las Vegas.  The fish is fried to perfection and is light and tasty.  Not to mention the affordable all you can eat catfish special. The salad bar is simple and traditional. Great pasta, macaroni and potato salad. Also the homemade tartar sauce is delicious, thick and creamy.  Fried alligator at most places it's tough and rubbery but NOT at The Hush Puppy. The alligator is tender and flavorful.

The only thing preventing it form being 5 stars is the hours and the all you can eat catfish.  Don't get me wrong, I ALWAYS order the all you can eat catfish, my issue is you have to really stay on the waiters and waitresses to get "all you can eat". After your initial order they ask you if you want more, but they bring you one or two pieces, then after that they sometimes push the check on you. I understand they maybe trying to keep costs down, but if you offer all you can eat, then expect people are going to eat a lot and be available to bring them plenty of fish.  Lastly the hours.  I'm a big lunch person and I only eat at this restaurant on Sundays, when they are open at noon. I understand mom and pop businesses are limited, but I really think they can increase profit by being open at noon the rest of the week, or at least on Saturday.
Don't let the location or the look of the place fool you.  The Hush Puppy has good southern food, offering some items that you won't find much of in the valley--such as alligator.

The atmosphere is very casual, certainly perfect for a family with kids.  The waitress was good; we did go a bit without seeing her at one point, but nothing enough to get us upset.

The food was really, really good.  

Appetizers:  First, we started with a bowl of gumbo, and it was fantastic.  My daughter ended up ordering another bowl as her main course.  The hushpuppies, which came with our meals, were good.  My wife liked them more than I; but I must say the sweet butter it comes with really enhances the flavor.  We also had the salad bar, which was very basic overall---and no complaints from us. 

Entrees:  My wife had the crab legs, which made her happy.  My son ordered the endless fried shrimp, and had the wharf combo--alligator & frog legs w/ greens.  Personally, I was happy with everything.  The batter they used didn't take away from the flavor of the actual food; the same went for the shrimp.  

So that's (for 4 people) - 2 bowls of gumbo, 3 salad bars, hush puppies for all. endless shimp w/ fries, over a LB of snow crabs w/ fries, alligator/frog legs combo w/ collard greens, and 4 drinks for under $80.  How can you go wrong w/ that?

And if you want to pick food up on your way home from work, they have a drive-thru!
I ate at The Hush Puppy at the Nellis location on 7-12-2014.  You need to check their site for when they are open.  Usually, after 5pm except Sundays (Noon).  I arrived a  little before 6pm on Saturday and the place had surprising more people than  I would have expected.  I was greeted cheerfully, immediately seated, after being asked my choice of table and area.  I was impressed with their friendliness and was given a menu, and the server returned immediately with a bowl of hush puppies and a sauce.  I ordered the $14.99 Platter that listed (4 to 5 small pieces) of alligator,(8 small on a stick) grilled shrimp,(6) fried clams, (2) fish fillets, and French fries (or baked potato).  I was told to help myself to the Salad Bar.  The plates were kept in a cooler and were  chilled.  The salad bar was small but more than adequate to make a salad.   I chose potato salad, pickled tomato's, a  lettuce/romaine combination, cherry tomato's, black olives, with 5 or 6 dressing options.  There were several other selections, but  my plate was full and I went to enjoyed my salad.  I ordered a draft beer and it came in a chilled mug and hit the spot.  Before I finished my beer, my order came. Everyone seemed to be getting their order about the same time and the server staff was busy.  I was ready for another beer when a man (the manager/owner ?) came around and ask if I needed anything and immediately returned with another chilled mug.  Several other customers also, were ready for drinks and it appeared that everyone had come about the same time and the servers were getting behind in refilling/getting drinks.  The alligator was not as seasoned as I would have liked and I was not impressed with it.  The fish was very good, cooked properly, crunchy on the outside and properly moist (I do not like undercooked fish) on the inside.  The fried clams made my dish.  They were very flavorful, crunchy and delicious.  I wish I had just ordered fried clams, they were excellent.  The fries were mediocre and could have been coated in a "Cajun" mix and would have helped the dish.  There was a lot of laughter in the restaurant, by customers and they seemed to be enjoying themselves.  There was no music and it would have added to the atmosphere of the place.  All in all, I would recommend giving this place a try.
Great addition to the neighborhood.  Wonderful (homemade) soup & quiche specials every day, tasty salads, and hearty sandwiches.  The space is well done and it's also a breeze to get take-out.  I get lunch from Manna at least once/week.  My only complaint?  Sometimes their portions are a bit stingy but maybe I'm just being greedy!
Located in a modest mini-mall on Madison's east side, Manna is a hidden find for anyone craving cafe-style breakfast and brunch.  Choose from omelette and egg dishes, pancakes, quiche, baked goods, or a number of other items.  Order at the counter and find a seat, but be prepared to hover and attack a table amongst the weekend masses.  A tip: there are multiple cash registers, so don't get stuck waiting in the (usually longest) line near the door.
Since the last Ovens of Brittany closed in 2000, my wife and I have been searching for a place to get morning buns.  Needless to say, we were delighted when we discovered that Manna Cafe's sticky buns look and taste just like Ovens' morning buns!  Simply heavenly.  Their muffins, especially the berry streusel, have also become a favorite of ours.  If you're dining in, you'll find their baked goods nicely complemented by a bottomless cup of Johnson Brothers' coffee.
I loved the decor of this place. It looked as if the place was newly renovated recently. Inside, the atmosphere is warm and welcoming with charming wall arts surrounding the dining area. The breakfast menu seem to focus on eggs. There are a lot of options to choose from their 3 eggs scrambles (yes, there are vegetarian option, too). My friend and I went there for Sunday brunch, and the place was pretty packed, and the service was bit slow. The food itself was not that impressive despite of the big tease on the menu. It wasn't bad, but just the average. I prefer the omelets at Sophia's bakery. The baked goods in the glass case looked very tempting. Perhaps on the next try.
When the boyfriend and I decided to take a road trip to Madison to accompany (read: chauffeur) his sister to check out a possible grad school, my first thought was, "where are we going to eat?" Manna looked adorable, so we included it on our route.

Manna is very cute. Homey, but not too country, with a decent sized seating area and a cozier room in the back with some armchairs and also tables to eat at.  The menu is really big for a bakery-cafe type place, almost too big, as I found myself ordering without really perusing all the options.  It was cold and rainy out, so I went with a cup of the tortilla soup and the Badger Special, or something like that- basically grilled cheese and tomato. I had a few issues, namely that the 'tortilla soup' wasn't really tortilla soup at all, or at least not like any tortilla soup I've ever had.  It was very chunky, and, well, there were no tortillas in it. It tasted good, but was too chunky to dip my grilled cheese into. And isn't that the whole point? The sandwich was good, but I always forget that while grilled cheese with tomato sounds like a good idea, in reality it doesn't work.  The tomatoes get all mushy and bland, and prevent the cheese from forming that perfect melty seal. Again, I really have only myself to blame. When will I learn?

The boyfriend and boyfriend's sister both seemed to enjoy their sandwiches, as well as the other soup option- creamy potato with cheddar. I tasted a bit, it was awesome. I was sad. 

If, for some reason, i ever find myself in Madison again, I'll probably try to make a stop at Manna to try some other delicious-sounding sandwich.  I'm guessing this will only happen if the sister decides on UW. Go Badgers?
Manna Cafe is a real gem!
we need a place like this in Austin.
the food is of excellent quality as is the coffee. in my experience, its hard to find a place that does both well.
We were at Manna for breakfast. We had the famous oatmeal pancakes with bacon, and eggs scrambled with veggies, that came with fresh fruit and  multigrain toast. The food was simply delicious and well done.
also, Johnson Bros. Kenyan coffee.  

for the road we got coffee beans, a pumpkin chocolate muffin and a fruit tart. they make all their stuff there and you can tell. no gooey commercialized sugared junk -just flaky not too sweet bakery goodness. 

also, free wi-fi and tables for working.

i like that you order at the counter and your food is delivered to the table. 

yummmm....
This place is a wonderful find. Sort of out of place amongst the run down buildings that pepper that neighborhood. Great breakfasts, if a bit pricey compared to some of the a.m. joints. Decent coffee, and a nice tea selection. A cozy atmosphere, low key enough to sit a bit and read.
We never seem to be up early enough to get out for breakfast, but this is one of our go-to lunch spots.  First, it's in our hood, second, there's nothing that's less than delicious here.  If you are a caffeine junky, you will be impressed and delighted w the size (and taste) of their large latte.  During the winter, when I think I'm going to freeze to death, I just wanna stick my feet in the cup, it's that big.  There is always a nice mix of people hanging out there.  i like that it's not just hipsters.  Because I am gluttonous, I often wish the portions were a bit bigger, but everything tastes so good, i can't really complain.  Their french countryside picnic salad is my fave item here.  Their chili is also excellent.  I recommend getting it w their fabulous french bread.  They have a really fun selection of soda pops too.
THE place to go on Madison's North Side.  Roomy, beautiful decor, family-operated, friendly staff.  The pastries are good, the bread and rolls are excellent, and the brunch and lunch menus are amazing!  There are lots of good vegetarian options, all clearly marked.  The Earthly Delights sandwich is my favorite--wow.  The soups and salads are also very, very good.

My only complaint is Manna's coffee, which is sometimes thin and over-extracted.  People who don't have a taste for good espresso may not mind (my Mom likes it fine), but I have to order a mocha or flavor syrup to cover up the bitter taste, and the texture of the mocha simply does not compare to what you'll get at the cafes on the square.  Still, it's probably the best coffee on the North Side.
This has fast become one of my favorite places to eat in Madison. I was willing to give it a try with some friends one Saturday afternoon, and it blew me away. They have delicious vegetarian fare, as well as a scrumptious-looking carnivorous menu. Everything I've had--from baked goods, to sandwiches, to drinks--has been extremely well done. Their pairing of ingredients for sandwiches is spot-on, and their homemade bread takes it to the next level of excellence. I cant leave without a sweet from their case--they're always different, and always top notch. I have yet to go for breakfast, but expect it's just as delicious. A must-try if you're in or around Madison.
I've only been to the Manna Cafe once - a client of mine took me there after a press check. We both had a breakfast sandwich - mine was "The Cravenous Carnivore". Consisted of scrambled egg, sausage, pepper jack and a little basil pesto. Who knew pesto would be good on an egg sandwich! Very yummy. Atmosphere was great and the baked goods looked fantastic. I definitely want to return soon!
As a kid, one of my favorite weekend rituals was taking apart and devouring a flaky, buttery, sugary morning bun at Ovens of Brittany. They set the standard for pastry. Ovens had a lot of other wonderful food, too (anyone recall their Chicken Pot Pie?), but they closed their doors too soon, leaving myself and fellow morning bun lovers out in the Wisconsin cold. 

Thankfully, the buns were brought back to life in the kitchen of Manna Cafe. Its proprietor, who also runs the Collins House B&B, knows good food and what people like. When I'm back in Madison, I always know I can visit Manna Cafe for my pastry (and quiche and sandwiches and coziness) fix. Keep up the good work!
Love the products. I give the food five stars. But the overall experience of trying to get the products prompts me to give three stars on Yelp. If you have time to kill and need a coffee or a super high-quality treat or sandwich this place is for you. I live nearby and would always try to swing in to grab something on my way to work. Gave up after awhile. I'm not looking for a Starbucks or McDonalds experience - but cripes, the pleasant but spacey staff are slow! If there is even one person in line ahead of you bring a book or a magazine to entertain yourself. Having said that - if you have nowhere to go and time on your hands - go to Manna - great people and fabulous products.
The location is great as there is almost nothing on the Northside of Madison. However, they make really incredible food and bread. The have their own flair for the standards (the reuben) as well as unique sandwiches and soups of their own. I've never tried the quiche, but am told it is superb. The have a nice arrangement of coffees (including a Fair Trade option). If you are going for lunch, it is best to get there before noon as the place really fills up fast.
I work nearby so I am definitely grateful that Manna is around. Not many lunch options in this neighborhood!  Most of their menu choices are relatively healthy, made from fresh, unprocessed and sometimes even local foods. Their menu is extensive, with a variety of soups, salads and sandwiches. I've yet to try something I didn't like. I love the Country Turkey Salad, and I've had many great sandwiches as well. 

While I live downtown, I also occasionally head to Manna for Sunday brunch. The oatmeal pancakes are great. Definitely worth driving a few extra miles. 

Service is good, it can sometimes take a while to get the food but that's understandable given how busy they are at lunch time. My only complaint is that they rarely pick up the phone when I try to call in a pickup order. Overall, an amazing option in the neighborhood!
Run, don't walk, to this wonderful little bakery.  My husband and I found it through Yelp during a two day stay in Madison.  We ordered our breakfast (a scramble off eggs and ham with potatoes and delicious toast) and took our coffees outside.  The meal was brought to us -- and was heavenly!  I love that it's local food, and love that the people who work there are friendly and obviously enjoy their jobs.  Thank you, Manna staff.  This is what hospitality is all about!
The staff here is very nice.  The food is decent.  The coffee is delicious.  The food is a little pricier than I usually like.  The quiche is worth it though.  Great atmosphere too.
Went on Saturday morning, for the first time. Had the breakfast basic and a regular americano. Breakfast came right away, but americano didn't, and had to wait more than 10 minutes while the breakfast was getting cold. I had to ask the guy making coffee, and apparently the order didn't go through. I had the regular size, which is the middle size, between small and large, I think. But he put only one shot of espresso in a regular americano. Do they put half-shot for the small? This was the first coffee place I've been to that puts one shot for a regular size. Finished my breakfast, and studied while drinking coffee at the smallest table (for two). I was asked to leave or move to the counter (obviously not suitable for studying) because there were a lot of people waiting. That was a little over 2 hours after I started my breakfast. Another first "cafe" that I've been to that downright told me to leave. Would not recommend to others.
Amazing sandwiches. Catrina's favorite is the best sandwich. Worth another visit. I will go again.
I believe that the majority of great reviews for restaurants in Madison, WI are based more on reputation and what people perceive than reality. Manna is one such restaurant. The food is good, but not outstanding. The menu selections are rather dated, much like the rest of Madison. This city has seen time pass them by. One walk into East Town Mall takes you back to 1990. The prices on par with other sandwich restaurants, but the portions are considerably smaller. I have been here a couple of times. The corned beef on the Reuben is tender, the Russian dressing is a little bitter, should be more sweet. Overall, the sandwich is just okay. I have also had the Collins Tenderloin. Basically, a roast beef sandwich, on a small roll. Many restaurants can produce the same sandwich. Manna is okay if you are in the area, but I would never say to drive here for the food. Lunch at a Corner Bakery can be more interesting.
I have serious quiche issues and Manna had wonderful quiche. Get there just before noon to be sure your quiche selection is available  (vegetarian or meaty). My four stars is for three reasons: 1. Not open past 5 p.m. (religious reasons), 2. Food is generally under seasoned, 3. A bit pricey.
My go-to place for caffeine, pastries and occasionally the stinky-bun french toast.  Can be hard to find a seat at peak bunch times and sometimes the kitchen seems slow but but it is still the best breakfast place I have been to on the east side.

I particularly like the tarts the sell though they tend to be under-cooked.
Checked out Manna while in Madison for Easter and we needed a place for a good brunch. The atmosphere was very laid back and coffee shop like. I tried the eggs benedict and sticky bun french toast. I thought the eggs benedict was great, especially with the avocado, tomato & bacon! The sticky bun french toast was a little too doughy/undercooked for me, although others in my group enjoyed it and/or had more well done versions. Overall, I thought this place had decent breakfast food.
I LOVE this place! It is a great neighborhood cafe with fantastic food and atmosphere.  I have taken out of town guests there for brunch and on subsequent visits they always ask to go back to Manna.  This is definitely my go-to default location for breakfast, brunch, or a light lunch.  The only thing I don't like is that it's often really crowded (a testament to how many people love the place) and their coffee isn't the greatest- tends to be a little on the strong, acidic side and it usually gives me a stomachache (and I generally like dark, strong coffee, but this is just a little much for me).  I also wish they were open past 3pm- it would be a great place to go in the evenings for tea and baked goods.
I love Manna Café, especially for the quiche of the day. Get there before noon to be assured a slice. Even then, sometimes they're sold out. Some food is under seasoned. Cookies, coffee are awesome.
Service has always been friendly and prompt. Coffee is great. The quiche is well portioned and delicious!
After years of coming here I can confidently say that it is consistently awesome. The bakery is some of the best in town specializing in various jewish pastries you don't see so much in Madison. The potatoe nachos with some sriracha is my favorite along with the virtuous veggie with bacon added! The coffee is always good too!
This has to be my favorite breakfast and lunch cafe. Their oatmeal pancakes are amazing and I get cravings for them every month. The sandwich and salad menu are filled with awesome choices - I'm trying to get through everything on the menu. It's a solid, reliable place! And, while it may appear busy, and even be completely full at times, if you have a little bit of patience, you will get a table before your food arrives. Also, despite what some have said, the servers are completely friendly. If I worked closer, I would definitely be here every week.
As good as it gets! Their food is amazing. Their coffee is wonderful. Their space is cozy and warm. I have never been disappointed.
Really good food at reasonable prices.  We went for Easter Brunch and it was a perfect place to dine- casual, comfortable and really good food.  

This was perfect.  I got the Veggie Breakfast Sammie and it was to die for.   The bread was so good and the egg and veggie just cooked perfectly with amazing flavor.  I think all the bakery is made in house as well as their granola.  

It is an order at the counter type place- no table service.  

The food is top-notch and a must for brunch!
We ditched the usual eat all you can buffet brunch for Easter and came here instead.  No reservations, but no problem.  Order at the counter and seat yourself.  The food is the reason to come.  It is all homemade, creative, organic, and delicious.  My eggs were creamy with asparagus and were served with a delicious cinnamon muffin and a bowl of fruit with whip cream.  I ate some of my wife's potato fries that were very nicely seasoned.  She had the veggie breakfast sandwich which was fresh and pleasing.  The bakery counter was hard to pass up but we were satisfied and full after the brunch.  I'll come back for the scones and pastry another time.
I had the Tenderloin Triumph today, and it was less than triumphant. I thought it would be a fairly hearty steak sandwich, and I was looking forward to the horseradish sauce and "rustic" French bread. Well, it was basically roast beef on white bread. The sauce had no kick and the bread had a totally bland and squishy texture. Ate a slice of German chocolate cake; the filling was yummy, but the cake was dry and not very flavorful.
Marzipan. Filled. Croissants. 

The marzipan-filled croissants alone earn a strong review for the Manna Cafe and Bakery, but truly every aspect of my dining experience there were very positive. Along with the croissant I had a pot of tea and a Southwestern-style Eggs Benedict, in which the eggs were served on top of cornbread with black beans and fried potatoes, covered in a spicy creamy sauce. It was a daily special, and I felt very special for the chance to eat it. Yuumm! The atmosphere was very relaxing, and the friendliness of the staff make it an extremely inviting place overall. I highly recommend the Manna Cafe & Bakery to anyone who wants an inexpensive meal that is fully of flavor and high-quality ingredients.

Manna Cafe & Bakery: Marzipan-filled croissants are only the beginning of the wonderful things to be had here!
Try a rugelach! Made from scratch bakery. Family style quiches for take away. Daily specials for breakfast. Pleasant outdoor seating, if you don't mind the parking lot. Almost always busy, for good reason. Mostly friendly staff. Family business. Delicious breakfasts, sandwiches and soups. Counter service only. My favorite baked item is the ham and cheese croissant. My only complaint: worst espresso I've had in a while.
The food is always yummy and perfect for folks with varying dietary needs. They can accommodate both vegetarians and gluten free folk as well as the standard diet. Prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is inviting.
Reasonably priced, great country/farm-style food. Good selection. The maripan-filled croissants aren't the reason to eat here (try Cafe Soleil). Instead come here for the perfect frittata and generous plates fit only for the hunger called brunch.

Maybe its built into the low prices, but I could do without the kitchy decor, the noise and unremarkable bialys. Also, what happens if I don't want to eat my weight in eggs? Then I only eat coffee.

Bring some granola home.
I rarely get a chance to dine in, but the new to-go sandwich called the "Trendy Tendy (Tenderloin)" was drool worthy.  

And of course their baked muffins and croissants are still fantastic
Quiche!
Amazing food!  Everything is home-made daily and the sticky buns are the same as Ovens of Brittany's. You are missing out if you haven't been to this place.
Yes.
Yes. 
Yes.

1. Why did it take me forevs to check this place out?
2. Have you been, yet? 
3. Why are you still reading/not in the car? 

Breakfast is ridiculous. They serve up some of the best pancakes I've ever eaten, so good I went back two weekends in a row. Funky Monkey is my new fave. It starts with their oatmeal pancakes (a famous recipe for Manna) and includes chocolate chips wrapped into the batter, a sliced banana and peanut butter. You know how sliced bananas are sometimes super oogie at places? Not here. Just delicious. Honestly I'm afraid to try more of the menu because these cakes killed it two weekends in a row!
I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to eat breakfast or lunch here. Most of their menu items are rather "non-traditional", so if you're looking for some good old fashioned pancakes, or a "normal" sandwich, this is not the place for you.
It may be off the beaten path, but it's worth the shlep.  Our office ordered lunch carryout from here and, for once, everyone was pleased as punch with our restaurant choice.  The menu offers loads of options, from sandwiches ($6.95-$9.50) to salads, from cheesy to healthy.  Combos are an option too, for those who are indecisive. It's so fun to get to look at a menu and have multiple, creative vegetarian dishes to choose from.  All sandwiches come with a side dish too, and you're not stuck with just fries or potato chips - I'm talkin' couscous salad or mixed greens to be had!  

I had the Veggie Might Sandwich (artichokes, spinach, roasted red peppers, onions, feta) and upgraded my side option to a cup of the lentil soup (+$1.50, toootally worth it - delish!)  Each day there are different soups (always a veg option too) and various quiches of the day.  All are listed on the website, which is quite helpful and probably cuts down on redundant phone calls. 

The cafe itself is bright and cheerful, spacious with plenty of tables.  I inquired about their weekend breakfast/brunch rush and was informed by the staff that it's usually pretty bustling but there's never much of a wait at all for a table.  Score!!  With lunch being as good as it was, I would definitely add this spot to my brunch "to-do" list.
Good food - good atmosphere.  My favorite dish is the french toast - they used to make it out of cinnamon rolls which was absolutely to die for.  Now it's made out of sticky buns, not as good.  I miss the cinnamon rolls.  

Good veggie sandwich for lunch too.
Delicious roasted vegetable salad and Earthy Delights sandwich. Many creative menu selections. Lots of comfy seating, Friendly staff. I would come more often if I knew they were buying from local sources...was disappointed to see that the butter came from Minnesota, What's up with that?
Manna Cafe is an excellent spot to grab a quick lunch and yummy lunch!!! I cannot say just how long I have been driving right by this place and never even noticed it was there but I am glad my hunny talked me into stopping by. The chicken sandwhich was great and perfectly sized - If you want soemthing that trumps the local fast food joint then Manna should be on your list. They have a rather large seating area inside and a small pation area outside. The place is neat and clean and everyone was very friendly.
Delicious!  A great breakfast spot with lots of seating options.  Outdoor seating is on the edge of the parking lot so that's not great.  Their food is excellent though and they have a large center table if you have a big group.
Best Eggs Benedict in town. Best. I love this place and you should, too. Fresh baked goods, excellent, piping hot and lemony zesty eggs benedict. I love it.
Love it the menu choices the coffee the setting , try not to go weekends no tables but that's comes with the best
I stopped by here this past Sunday morning for brunch.  We arrived at the restaurant shortly before 10 and the place was already packed.  Almost every table inside was taken and the line to order your food was almost out the door.  This is the type of place where you order at the counter, they give you a number (in this case a spoon with a number on it) and then they bring your food out to you whenever it is ready.  Whenever I saw a table getting up, I quickly told my fiance my order and swooped in to grab it.  A short time later she was back at our table with our coffee drinks.  Whatever she had ordered coffee-wise was quite reasonable in size especially compared to the large Americano that I had ordered.  Hers was a normal coffee cup while mine seemed like it came in a large drinking glass that I would be more comfortable drinking beer out of than coffee and the vessel was almost as big as my head.  Regardless of that, the Americano was made well and tasted good and I did eventually finish it long after we had finished our meals.  For my entree I went with the sweet hot mama omelet which was an omelet with bacon, sweet sweet potato, caramelized onion, pepper jack, and a side of spicy homemade salsa.  It also came with a bialy and pan fried potatoes which ended up being the best part of the meal.  The pan fried potatoes had a good crunch to them while the bialy had a good firm texture on the outside but was soft on the inside.  My omelet wasn't too bad either as the eggs were cooked nicely and the bacon crispy but it definitely felt like it was missing something.  That was probably where the spicy homemade salsa would have fit well into the meal but I honestly could not taste any spice on it and so I used it sparingly.  After I had finished my brunch I noticed others bringing back an array of sauces (BBQ and different types of hot) from a common area which I wish I would have noticed while eating.

The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future especially if I needed a pick me up from some coffee.  It didn't take long for us to both order and receive our food, the food itself was solid and reasonably priced and finally the coffee was absolutely ginormous!
YUM. If you're looking for an average brunch experience in which you leave semi-full and semi-satisfied, I'm telling you: DO NOT go to Manna. The Granola Crunch Cakes are to die for (sweet but not overly so, crunchy, fluffy, and perfect with some sliced bananas and Wisconsin maple syrup). Ben got My Big Fat Greek Scramble with a bialy and fried potatoes which he gave two big thumbs up while scarfing it down. The space is large yet cozy and the staff is warm. My only qualm was that it was a bit expensive ($9.50 for my pancakes), but also very worth it. I left deliciously stuffed and will be craving those pancakes until I go back again.
We stopped in during the morning rush.  We have only been there one other time. So I felt uncomfortable not knowing immediately what we wanted.  
The sticky bun was a hit with us.  The swiss cheese & ham croissant was flaky and not overly cheesy.  Certainly worth the time and money.  I suggest stopping in when it's not so busy to check out the menu. 
Listening to the group of older men sitting and chatting outside made me smile.
Cute and cozy coffee shop. I've stopped here once and have a sandwich and chai tea. Service was excellent.
Get the quiche. Get the quiche. Get the quiche. 
I thought I knew what well prepared quiche tastes like, then I found myself at Manna on a rainy Friday morning. It melts in your mouth like a good piece of chocolate with just enough light crisp on top to keep you coming back for another bite. I'd go out of my way for this alone. 
Bottomless coffee was a fair $2.50 and the walnut poppy seed rugelach was worth it too.
When I lived on the north side of Madison I are here almost every week... It's that good! They have a wide selection of hot or cold sandwiches and bakery items. My favorite sandwich is the Sunshine Dreamin' with couscous as the side. 
For breakfast everything is good, I mean it. Whatever you pick will be amazing. They use fresh ingredients and work to balance flavors so that each bite is better than the last. If you go on the weekend the bread served with the meals is a traditional Jewish bread called a Bilay. I wish I knew how to make them because I miss having a Bilay on Sunday morning before heading to one of Madison's lovely beaches. 
If you chose to visit this cute cafe located in a not so cute old building you'll be begging to come back.
Good food and atmosphere. Great for breakfast.
I was in the neighborhood to drop off shoes at the shoe repair place a few doors down and decided to grab a hot beverage.  I could see through the window that this place was hopping (on a Thursday at lunchtime) and once in the door took two steps and got in line. There was a bakery case showing some beautiful stuff, which I eyeballed while the ladies in front of me tried to figure out what they wanted. 

I ordered my latte and went over to the beverage pick-up area to wait. I was surprised to see another cash register that is, I think, just for ordering drinks. I wasn't in a giant hurry, but that would have shaved some time off, so duly noted for next time. It took a few minutes longer than I expected for my drink, but as the place was full of people, there seemed to be just one employee running the espresso machine, and she was busy the whole time, it wasn't so bad. 

Once I got my caramel latte (I only get them a few times a year, they're an indulgence) I felt like getting back in line for another one. Dang, it was terrific. Easily the best I've ever had. Not bitter at all, not too sweet, it was the baby bear of lattes.
SCONES. Scones. scones. 

Oatmeal date are perfect. Lemon-Iced Earl Grey Tea are divine.

I've also been back several times since my last review and have come to really like the Peter Wrappit sandwich (a spinach wrap sprinkled with frizzled onions, asparagus, greens, red cabbage, carrots, and red pepper relish). 

But seriously, scones.
Hey you know what's awesome? 
A burrito to go. 
With bacon, eggs, taters, onion and some salsa on the side this bad boy remind me of my days in the southwest. Haven't found a foldable quite like this and I love... no ADORE that it comes with grilled pineapple on the side!
I visited Manna on a weekday morning when working from home. The weekend brunch menu seems to have a few more options, but there were still many delicious-sounding dishes to choose from, in addition to the pastries and quiche of the day.

I tried the Garden Goddess sandwich, which had interesting flavors with sweet potato, egg, and curried mayo. I didn't really like the addition of red onion...tasted a little odd compared to the other flavors in the sandwich. I like the option of having greens with house dressing as the side. House dressing was yummy and a nice citrusy contrast to the rich flavors in the sandwich.

Unlimited coffee, free wifi, plenty of comfy spaces to sit.
Try the oatmeal pancakes!  They will change your life.  I'm not even a big fan of pancakes but I find myself craving these.  I have to say that everything I've had here was wonderful.
Manna has pretty tasty food at an affordable price, but with the Madison brunch scene setting the bar so high, it's not wow-ing me.

We ventured over to this hidden gem last Sunday for brunch. We showed up around 10:30, which was good, because by 11, the line was way out the door. Although the ordering process went pretty smoothly, that's where it ended. After placing your order, there's not much room to wait for a table. You get a number when you first walk in, which holds your place in line for a table (the same one they use to bring your food), but it's still a bit hectic.

When we were seated and got our food, it was excellent. I got the Walk In the Woods scramble with greens. It came with a bialy, which was awesome, but I'd like to see more traditional Jewish food on the menu.

Other pros: delicious bakery items, cool coffee drinks

Other cons: location, hours

Try it if you've never been, but not one of my favorites.
I really have nothing bad to say about this place other than it is too far from my house! The decor is very cozy and clean.  It was consistently crowded when we were there, but it never felt like you were being rushed.  You get seated and then order from the counter.  I prefer this to ordering and then hoping there  is an empty table like they do it at Marigold Kitchen.  I had the The Ojibwe Scramble, a mix of wild rice, mushroom, bacon and scallions, sautéed and then scrambled with a little egg. You have a choice of breakfast potatoes, fruit or greens.  I chose the fruit.  It also comes with a little bun called a bialy. My breakfast was excellent.  If there weren't so many other things I want to try on their menu, I would just order this again and again.  I also ordered tea and it comes in a little pot with a cup.  It lasted me the entire time we were there.  Impressive. On the way home I bought two sticky buns and a loaf of challah bread.  The sticky buns were so good, I wished I had bought more. So, again, nothing bad to say, can't wait to go again.
Friendly service!  The quiche and granola pancakes are both delicious!  The lattes are huge.  I've also had the Peter Wrappit, which was very good.  We generally go to Manna for brunch.  I'd say it's one of our favorites in Madison!

The dinner service is really nice.  It has a really different vibe than the breakfast atmosphere.  They accept Bicycle Benefits!
The food is always great at Manna. I've been here a lot, and it's always been delicious. It's a good place to go and eat and catch up with friends.

I usually go for brunch, which can get pretty busy. Go-to menu items for me are the El Cubano sandwich, BFW wrap and the breakfast burrito. I've had some scones, pie and other bakery items and they are always fantastic. They also offer some gluten-free items, which is great.

The space is large and warm. The staff is very nice and outgoing. The prices are reasonable.  

BUT, I do not like how things work since they remodeled. The remodel itself made the space a lot bigger. Fantastic. But before, you could order your food and pay at the counter and then find a seat and your wait for your food. Easy. But now, a host will seat you and give you a table number. Then you have to get up and go order your food at the counter with your number, and then go back and sit down and wait for you food. And then you have to get up again and go pay at the counter. It's a stupid setup, and not nearly as convenient as it was before. Too much running back and forth for the customer.

But besides this confusing new setup, the food remains good. Also, I hear they are going to start serving dinner sometime in March!
Manna always served up delicious, affordable brunch, lunch, and bakery. Plus it has great authentic Jewish treats like bialys and hamentaschen! 

I've been coming here for years and probably have an extra 10 lbs because of it... Rustic fruit tarts, quiche, and oatmeal pancakes. You will not be disappointed! 

Bonus points? Lots of local, organic, and fair trade food. Champagne! And ample parking. Why go anywhere else?!
You will never view quiche the same after you eat a slice here. Every day you will find two flavors, each with in-season (to the extent possible) ingredients, including pairings you may not have thought possible. Do not stress yourself with counting calories, because every savored bite is worth that stick of butter you are consuming. As good as the quiche is, I'd eat a pan of that pie crust on its own.

I drop in a day or two a week for their fresh Johnson Brothers coffee. The sunrise muffin is exceptionally good and has some veggies in it, so I pass that off as healthy.

The only thing that is frustrating is the slowness of the service. I think they could be more efficient using the two registers and having another person fetching coffee and goodies while the cashier keeps a steady flow ringing up customers. Speaking of customers, it amazes me there are menus clearly posted and visible, plus paper copies you can hold in your hand and read, yet nearly no one is prepared to order when it's their turn. It drives me crazy when I need an express lane during those early morning visits on my way to the office.
Great brunch menu...good portion sizes, yummy bakery treats and a great latte.  I look forward to trying other menu items in the bear future!
I had the scrambler with asparagus and mushroom.  I was offered to add meat..I did and added chicken sausage.  I didnt realise it was going to be a side instead of in it.  I also asked for a side of fruit.  My husband chose the breakfast nachos.  My husband thought his dish was ok.  I only tasted the salsa,which was good.   I did not like the chicken sausage because there was too much thyme (I have a sensitive palette) and thankful it wasn't in my eggs.  The scrambler was tasty and the potatoes were OK.  I liked the choice of fruit in my side.  All in all I'd return but try something else.  Oh..and I tried the iced chocolate milk and espresso (magic mocha?)...not a fan.  It just was a bit gritty and I was looking for a little more chocolate taste.
Such a cute place!  A little off the beaten path, but don't be fooled: the locals obviously know and love this quaint bakery/ cafe--the place was hoppin!  The quiche is amazing!
A local friend brought us here when we passed through Madison.  We had the brisket sandwich special, the vegetarian Monty Python, the Mediterranean platter, a rustic cherry tart, and a peanut butter layered cookie.  Everything was remarkably good, and I would love to go again!
I really like Manna.  I work pretty close, and all my coworkers have always raved about it.  It took me awhile to finally get my butt over there and try it, and when I finally did, I seriously wondered what took me so long.  The first thing I had was a Rueben, and it was pretty much perfect.  The meat was tender and juicy, the bread perfectly toasted.  It was dripping with a delicious Russian dressing and it pretty much melted in my mouth. Since then, I've gone back multiple times, and it quickly became one of me and my boyfriend's favorite restaurants.  While the Rueben isn't exactly an image of health, they have many healthy, fresh menu items that all taste equally as delectable.  I've tried the vegetarian peter wrappit (light, fresh, flavorful), and the not-so-vegetarian southwest quinoa chicken wrap (also fresh, but spicy, savory, and really filling), and both were delicious.  The staff has always been incredibly warm, friendly, and cheery, even amidst the chaos that is their regular weekend brunch madness (proceed with caution on the weekends, it is VERY popular, but absolutely worth the wait).  

My boyfriend and I enjoy playing Scrabble while we wait for our food (they have board games!), and we take desserts to go.  We both agree that the cookies and brownies taste like the best homemade desserts of their variety that we've had, and we always leave feeling satisfied and looking forward to our next visit.

We haven't been for dinner yet (as they just expanded their hours to include dinner) but we glanced at the dinner menu and needless to say, we're excited.  Contented dinner review to follow, as I'm certain we won't be let down.
This is a great neighborhood cafe and restaurant. Great coffee, AMAZING baked goods, awesome food. Mentionables include: Monte Cristo sandwich, peanut butter chocolate ripple cookie, sticky bun, and frittatas. Omelettes are great but a little runny. Only minus is the location. Not very accessible.
This place is magnificent! Perfect atmosphere for any amount of people, amazing food, amazing and friendly and attentive staff. I've eaten here twice, once for breakfast and once for lunch, and although things are a wee bit on the expensive side, I always leave wishing I had gotten seconds to go.

Also worth noting, since they just recently rolled out dinner as an option, they have amazing and creative dishes, incredible drinks, and it's super easy to get a nice caffeine fix at dinner time in addition to breakfast and lunch.

Suggestion? Get yr butt out here ASAP. It's good stuff and I promise you won't be disappointed.
A GREAT brunch location, it was one of my favorite coffee shops and erstwhile workplaces when I lived on the northside.

Well-done drinks, gluten-free cookies, bread, and pastries in addition to everything else done in-house, and reliable wi-fi.

Staff is always quite friendly, even when things get crazy-busy.

The only thing that would make this place better are longer hours, as I do a lot of work and socializing after 3pm.. =)
Love this place!  I've only been here twice, both for lunch and both times were excellent.  Great place to get a sandwich - hot or cold. Fresh products make this a nice lunch spot. I'll definitely be back.
In my suicidal quest to find a chicken fried steak equal to the one I had outside of Houston, I insisted to Hubby that we try the Ranch House Grille today, on the NE corner of Thomas and 56th street, across from the Walgreens. It's open from 6am-3pm only, and when we arrived at 2:00, there were few other customers. It's pretty homey (if home is Oklahoma) and casual, with around 15 tables inside and several outside.

I ordered the CFS, and it was quite good, very tender with a white sausage gravy on top. The rest of the meal ranged from mediocre (mashed boxed taters and Texas toast) to awful (the vegetable mix that was just this side of baby food soft).

Hubby had a better meal overall- an egg burrito with some truly delicious homemade pork chili verde sauce, paired with crispy but not greasy shredded hash browns. They needed some seasoning, but were nowhere near the disaster that was the biscuits. Something was just wrong with them, besides being pale and puckish- too much baking powder, maybe? 

I think there are some tasty gems on the menu, but you may have to wade through a few sub-par items to suss them out.
nice portions of very solid breakfast food; you won't leave hungry.  Decent service, but they should pay closer attention to keeping everything clean, consistently....reasonable prices.
I absolutely love this place.  Don't go in here expecting anything but good traditional food.  I don't believe anything here is really healthy.  I read a previous review that mentioned soggy veggies...I had a Ranchero Breakfast (sans veggies) and it was awesome...The food was really fresh and service was great
This spot has been previous host to Anna's Cafe (RIP), BYOBistro (RIP), Nix (RIP). But finally, I think someone put the right thing in here. A casual, daytime breakfast and lunch spot that caters to a slightly older crowd. We can literally walk here, so we hit it from time-to-time. But it doesn't have the same charm or unique menu favorites (Eggs Maximillian, Parisienne, etc) that a place like Harlow's in Tempe does. You need that to pull people from outside the hood.

DECOR
I would call it kitchsy country cafe, but they mean it. So it's not kitschy. It seriously looks like a midwestern diner, in 1974. No nonsense.


FOOD
Pretty good. Wish it were better. Good, hearty breakfast. Eggs cooked nicely, as ordered. Meats and sides prepared competently. Standard, reliable comfort food. It's straight-up midgrade foodservice stuff. Ultimately, frozen Shamrock/Sysco everything. Some things are better than others: the green chile poured over greasy fries is an excellent gutbomb. But the burgers are overcooked - maybe the meat necessitates that. Seems like a kickass burger should be a staple at a place like this.

I still have some menu exploration to do, so I'll update.

All in all, they seem to be doing well and serving their demographic what they want. I just wish Matt's was across the street instead.
If your looking for a traditional, down home, country breakfast, then Ranch House Grille is your destination. From the moment you walk in, you are taken back to a small town eatery, where everyone would have to know each others names. Located just East of 56th Street and North of Thomas Road, Ranch House is within walking/beach cruiser distance for anyone in the Arcadia and South Scottsdale neighborhoods. From traditional favorites such as biscuits and gravy, pancakes, scrambled eggs, thick cut bacon, waffles and baked goods, Ranch House has the stick to your insides good breakfast that is much needed on a relaxing Saturday or Sunday morning. Although during the work week, they open at 6am, and you can start off a boring Tuesday with a Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs, what could be better?

If you want good comfort breakfast, with no frills other than great flavors, check  out the Ranch.
Good ol' breakfast joint.  The best kind, too.  Consistent.  Friendly service.  And you won't leave hungry.  The chicken fried steak is so good it's as if they asked Scotty to beam it straight 'n' steamin' from Texas to your danged ol' plate.  My first bite transported me back to the Lone Star State, but I quickly regained consciousness 'cause I wanted to eat more of it.  Order it slathered in either green chile verde or creamy sausage gravy.  Bein' a Texas boy my vote's on the latter.  Do yourself a huge flavor par'ner -- order it!
Broke out of the hood to go to Ranch House Grill. Wow, down home service,  comfortable patio - with a view, and awesome Eats. Breakfast burritos really hit the mark. Good beans, as a side option. Coffee kicks.

One small note by the Beau: gravy for the biscuits was a bit salty.

Overall, great option for breakfast with good value and satisfying food. Go with an appetite!
Really a cute place.  I loved patio area and thought the service was great.  Big giant Oreganos-sized soda cups kept me happy and the crowd was a great mix of people.  Also, there was no wait on a Saturday morning which is a good thing since we drove by Over Easy and there was a small mob standing outside.

As far as the food goes, it was okay.  On par with Denny's or IHOP, I guess.  The hashedbrowns were overly hashed and turned to mashed.  The breakfast sandwich I had was pretty tasty but was only saved by the massive amount of cheese on it.  

I might got back but there are so many other options.  I give it four stars simply because no wait, food is adequate, and the service is excellent.
I almost give this place 3 stars, but as far as my experience goes, it's not there yet, and I would honestly rather have IHOP or Denny's.  Saturday morning at 9:30ish seems to be prime time for breakfast, and Over Easy proved that with the gaggle of people hanging out outside.  Since I was starving we quickly found another place via Yelp Mobile, and we ended up here. 

The patio is cute with tons of shade provided by the greenery.  The inside however is awfully tacky and very poorly put together.  I was embarrassed for the owners just looking at it.  We were told to sit anywhere and we found ourselves at a little two top against the wall.  Service was prompt and we were quickly given our GIANT cups of soda, always a plus for me.  I ordered a dish that had hash browns, 3 eggs any way, bacon, and I subbed biscuits and gravy for the bread.  The amount of food on my plate was massive.  The hash browns took up a whole third of the plate real estate, but that was unfortunate as they were rather tasteless.  They were lacking in the salt/grease/butter department.  Next up, my eggs were overcooked in the yolk part but somehow not cooked enough in the whites.  It was weird, but still edible and not the way I like them.  The bacon... well there was a lot of it.  I thought that was a wonderful thing until I bit into overly fatty bacon that was cooked for way too long.  It was just really salty and crunchy.  For the first time ever, I did not eat all of the bacon in front of me.  The biscuits and gravy was by far the worst part of my meal.  The biscuits were very hard, dry, and flavorless.  It was as if they had been sitting out for at least a few days.  The gravy was pretty bad.  It was completely over-peppered and was super thick and congealed.  It wobbled instead of dripped.  Kind of gross.  When I smothered it on top of the hash browns it was a little bit better.

The husband enjoyed his dish much more than I did mine.  Maybe we will go back some time, but I know what to avoid and how to specify my bacon to be cooked.  For now, it's just a meh.
I took my second visit to Ranch House Grille today for brunch, and I think it was even better than I remembered! I brought two rookies with my, and they both thought that the homey interior made the place so cute and loved the home-style theme of the menu. 

The service is wonderful, everyone that works there is so friendly and always have a smile on their face. The coffee is really good, and they are very good about keeping your cup full. 

I again had the Light Chicken Fried Steak Breakfast (it is funny that they call it light, because the only light part is that it comes with one egg and a half order of the hashbrowns) but it makes you feel good when ordering! They are known for their Chicken Fried Steak here, and for good reason, it is delicious!! It is nice and tender, with a well seasoned crispy coating and smothered in a peppery white gravy. My two companions had never had Chicken Fried Steak before (which I find hard to believe because I think every elementary school cafeteria had it on the menu!), and they both were pleasantly surprised when they took their tastes. I also upgraded to biscuits and gravy instead of toast, but I could barely make it through half of a biscuit!! They give you two large biscuits and a bowl of their delicious gravy, my mom always makes biscuits and gravy Christmas morning, and while very different from my mom's version, this was very good! 

My two companions both had the Eggs Benedict that was the special today. One of them in particular makes it a habit to try Eggs Benedict at every restaurant in town, and she declared this to be an excellent version. She said that the hollandaise was really good, which can make or break the overall dish! 

The three of us really enjoyed our meal, and I am thinking we will definitely be back again! They are well known for their Pork Chile Verde, which I have yet to try, but I always seem to get drawn to the Chicken Fried Steak....but maybe next time!
I want to love this place because it's so close to my house and I really like to see local restaurants succeed. I've eaten here about 5 times and my experience is always the same - mediocre food and slow service.  And the place needs to be cleaned up a bit as the torn table clothes and dingy carpet are rather gross.  Patio area is a decent option when the weather is mild and the staff seems like they want you to have a good experience so I'll give this place another try.  It doesn't hurt that we get a coupon in the mail every month.
Cute...there's really no other word that covers what you see when you walk in to the Ranch House Grill:)

There's gingham, lariats, spurs, split rails, barbed wire, saddles and all kinds of "ranchy" things in the décor.

The décor is basically what my mother probably wanted to accomplish with the ranch house that I grew up in (and maybe could have, if she'd figured out how cover up the 40 year old wall paper, the dead white linoleum floors, and hot pink appliances and kitchen sink:(

But enough about me:)

The menu here is basic, but well executed, and what more can you ask from a place that bills itself as country cookin'?...Not much in my book:)

This is the second RHG location (the first is in Page, on the way to Colorado City, I guess so you can fuel up with big food, so you have enough energy to "visit" all your wives:)

This RHG location brings that small town, big food, restaurant feel to SE Phoenix:)

Lunching with some buddies the other day...we decided to give RHG a test drive...none of us had been there before (in fact, I think lots people haven't been here...and they should be going to RHG:)

Walked in at noon, had our drinks almost before we asked (I said "almost before"...to say we had them any sooner would imply a temporal causality paradox that I don't want to deal with here...email me if you want the math:)

The menu is "robust"...not much in the "amuse bouche" section, but plenty of "steak and eggs" options.

I selected Chicken Fried Steak with double mashed potatoes...and gravy...incredible, delectable gravy!:)

RHG has a sign outside that says they have been voted "Best Chicken Fried Steak" in Phoenix, by somebody...I'm adding my vote to the total:)...It was outstanding...hand pounded round steak, sausage gravy, buttery mashed potatoes and thick toast...I haven't had CFS this good since the last time I was in Waco.

My luncheon companions had, respectively, a Patty Melt (which he said was as good as any he'd ever had...hyperbole?...sure, but he's an attorney and given to hyperbole:), and a Chili and Cheese Omelet (BTW, I'm going back just for their chili...two kinds...red beef and green pork...both homemade and both crazy good:)

The platters (that's right, I said "platters") of food arrived and we spent the next half hour wading through the food...more than plenty to eat!...a ranchers lunch in the truest sense of the word...enough food to keep you going through a long afternoon of building barb wire fence, bucking hay, herding recalcitrant bovines and mucking out the feed barn...none of which I have done since I was 15 years old...thank god!:)

It also helps, even if you're just pounding out emails and answering phones:)

Every so often, you need a lunch like this one...Mark Knopfler said it best..."if you want to run cool, you have to run on heavy, heavy fuel":)

http://tinyurl.com/y8nw3ds

The bill came to about $10 apiece and the service was 25% tip range service:)

I think RHG fits the description of "hidden gem":)...It is a gem and you really have to look for it to find it:)

It will help if you look at the intersection of Thomas and 56th Street:)
This is a nice local breakfast and lunch place with a southwestern style theme. Eating here makes you feel like your in a small town with very friendly service and hearty food. I ordered the Southwestern style country fried steak which comes covered in their chili verde sauce (doesn't look like much but very good) and upgraded to the biscuits and gravy ( good gravy, ok biscuits).  My only complaint was the hasbrowns were undercooked and mushy. I will order them extra crispy next time. 

The others at my table got the huevos reancheros which wasn't that good and the Lumberjack which included eggs and three breakfast meats, all which looked good. 

Consensus was large portions, decent food, and a nice comfortable place with good service. Check it out if your in the neighborhood.
Only the best for the Beautiful Carin...that's what I tell her constantly...that's why she chose me...that's why I take her only the best places...Like Ranch House Grille:)

Surprisingly, she hadn't been to RHG with me before now, so off we went for Saturday "Lunfast" after our workout...(I was going to call it brunch, but it was Saturday and about 1:00 pm so it kind of felt like a retox lunch time thingy, but I had breakfast, so...:-)

Carin was charmed by the rustic decor and the family atmosphere at RHG (these folks are from up around Page, Arizona...this is the southern outpost of the family restaurant empire:)

She was more charmed by the food:)

I ordered up a Chili Verde Omelet (I need to digress for minute...I've always been a red chili "snob" when it comes to chili omelets...I mean who thinks Green Pork Chili on an Omelet?...well, I do...now:-)...this is really the adult version of "Green Eggs and Ham" (BTW, RHG can steal that for their menu if they want...I don't mind:)

I am astonished at how well the flavors of the rich and meaty green pork chili work with the fresh fluffy eggs in the omelet...this is what the word "sublime" was invented to describe:)

Carin continued her very healthy ways with a veggie omelet made with egg whites...although I did notice that about 20% of my omelet was "missing" when I returned from a brief visit to the clean and shiny restrooms:)

She said there was a commotion in the restaurant while I was gone, and when she turned back from gawking, part of my Lunfast omelet was missing...but I don't know...there were unexplained Chili Verde traces on her plate:-)

She said next time we go, I can get the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs and she will get the Chili Verde Omelet...maybe she'll let me share:-)
This place is just down the street from my house, so we finally made our way over here to check it out, as my partner and I both love a good brunch.

I don't think either of us will be back. The wait was only a couple in front of us, but took almost 25 minutes to be seated, and the way the restaurant was laid out, we had to basically stand in front of the door while waiting.  Also, I had to chase down the waiter to even get on the wait list.

Once seated, I opened the menu, ready to get the black bean burger I'd seen online...their only non-egg vegetarian item.  I had purposely scouted the menu online before coming in, since they didn't seem super veg friendly.

Yeah. Apparently, they no longer serve veggie burgers. Nope.  So when I asked our server, as a vegetarian, what I could get, she told me there was some sort of dish that one of the servers made with cottage cheese, mushrooms and avocado.  I had no option but to ask for that.

When it came out, after a good deal of time, it was a small cup of oily mushrooms, a plate with half an avocado on it, and a small cup of cottage cheese.  Um. Gross.

I stole a piece of my partner's toast, mixed in ketchup with the mushrooms, and put it on the toast with a little avocado on top. It was ok, but I could have made it better myself, and for less than the almost $7 they charged me for my "meal."

Add to that the homophobia and transphobia we felt, plus the coffee refill guy walking past my partner's empty cup not once, not twice, but three times, and we'll not be back. Which is too bad, because my partner love love loved her Denver omlette and hashbrowns.  Folks, it takes more than good food to make a good restaurant.
Two or three times a year, when my dad comes to town, we have to go eat a chicken fried steak at the Ranch House.  We heard about this place from our old roommate who is a chef, and my dad couldn't wait to go try it.  Typically a healthy eater, my dad loves to splurge on something artery-clogging from time to time.  I'm just glad I get to go along for the ride.  The first time we went, my dad noticed a not-so-svelte man sitting at a table in front of the window.  My dad looked toward him and said "Ooohh.  This is gonna be GOOD!"  He was right.

The chicken fried steak is tender and juicy, the eggs have always been perfectly fine and the gravy is so thick and creamy I can feel it taking years off my life.  Pancakes are an easy kid-pleaser, so everyone comes out full and content.  

I'm glad I get to go here once or twice a year and that's enough for me.
This is a great mom and pop type restaurant. They have good food and good service. You walk in and it feels like home. I have ate there a few times now and have had good food every time. The hot burger is unique. The green onion burger was awesome. Nothing you can get is bad. 

I am trying the chicken fried steak there next!
Poor guy that was waiting on tables was by himself the day their Groupon went live. He currently has 9 tables for lunch. We'll see how the food is....

It was really good. Chicken fried steak. Yum.
In search of the Valley 5-Star breakfast spot to replace Black Bear Diner on Bell Rd. that went from 5-Stars to 1-Star & then folded (!), I stopped in here this morning.  My order consisted of the Down Home Country Breakfast, of ham, 3 eggs, hashbrowns ($8.75), & I opted for biscuits & gravy rather than toast (+ $1.75), & coffee ($1.50).  Here's how it went:

*  Atmosphere ok.  It's a mid-sized place with tables only, no booths, but it's rather nice inside, & not rowdy & crowded like Matt's...  at least it wasn't for me this time.

*  Good service.

*  Coffee not that great.  Whatever it is, Apffels, for instance, would be much better.

*  Ham steak fairly generous, oval, about 4x7", 1/4" thick.  Flavor ok, not exciting.

*  Good serving of hash browns, about the same size as the ham.

*  Two big biscuits with a cup of gravy to top them with...  too salty, & gravy had only a little sausage in it.

They're open 7 days 6 AM to 3 PM, & worthy of a return visit!
At last a breakfast place that delivers. The chicken fried steak and eggs were  very good, hash browns were buttery and crisp. Would have been a 5 star but service was slow.
Total random location in a strip mall type thing. Had to park in the back, as the front is almost always full. 
I have no idea how I happened upon this place, but I'm glad I did, it never disappoints. The wait staff seem like a family, I could be wrong, but I liked that about it. 
The food was very good. I had an omelette on one occassion and the country fried steak on another. Always have leftovers, the portions are pretty big. The prices are excellent for the amount of food you get. You might have to wait a bit for your food, but its worth it.
Ranch House Grill gets a big fat "Meh" from me. I love breakfast joints and am always looking for new places to try. When I got a Groupon for Ranch House Grill I was hoping I would find a new place to add to our rotating list of breakfast hot spots. Not so much.

The boyfriend and I went there on a Sunday morning, there was a wait but nothing too long. I ordered the special - cinnamon raisin french toast, eggs and bacon. Boyfriend got a ham and cheese omelet which he did say was pretty good. My food was okay but nothing special. The french toast was kinda small and didn't have a ton of flavor. Eggs were fine, bacon was okay. There was nothing bad about the food but there just wasn't anything great about it either. At least nothing to make me want to go back. Except maybe the Savers down the street - I found some great clothes there!
I'm dropping Ranch House Grill into the diner category, and in that category they rate a nice 3 stars.

The service was prompt and friendly, the prices were fair and the food was pretty good.

The huevos rancheros with roasted pork green chili was very tasty.  I would probably get that again if I were dining at Ranch House Grill again.

The diced green chili and cheese omelet was less impressive.  The green chili in the omelet didn't have alot of flavor and the omelet itself needed more cheese.  The shredded potatoes were nice and buttery but I like them with some crispiness, at least on the top and bottom.  These were a bit soggy but still good.  They just needed another minute on the grill.
Nothing bad about this place. Charming and cute. A little expensive for what it is. I prefer 5th Ave Cafe, which has similarly good quality but for a lot less.
The green chile that they are known for is, in fact, quite good.
Everything on the breakfast menu is a little overpriced, but not horribly so.
It's a locally owned place, I think run by a family, which counts for some points with me.
Too bad the service is horrible. After we checked in with the host, multiple parties (larger, smaller, and the same size as ours) were all seated before us. When we finally did get seated, the waitress was inattentive and not knowledgeable about the menu. After a 40 minute wait (for breakfast!) she brought out the wrong plate of food, which my friend was just going to eat because we didn't want to wait for another plate to be made. Instead, after he had taken a bite, she did bring out the correct plate. That would have been great except we saw her JUST BRING THAT SAME PLATE OVER TO ANOTHER TABLE!!! Wow. When we complained later to the manager, he said "I know, I've heard it all before. Just pay up and don't come back, I guess." That has got to be the worst customer service I've ever experienced! Too bad Ranch House Grille, I really wanted to add you to my Phoenix rotation!
Service was a tad sketchy. Had to ask a few times for coffee. Maybe he was in the weeds. But wondered if we just didn't look like decent tippers. That would be a shame.
I've always enjoyed the food here though.
Came at the last minute for a lunch, party of 3.  Had one of the best burgers I've ever had.  I was happy for days after that one.  Cooked exactly as I ordered, medium rare, great bun, great steak fries.  This will be on my regular rotation for a good burger, though hopefully I can try things others have mentioned if I can be swayed away from the burger!
Breakfasts are good. Service is attentive. Waking for them to reopen. Hope that they change the coffee vendor. With all of the great coffee roasters in town, they shouldn't have lackluster coffee. Rated as 3 due to the coffee.
Horrible! Only two waiters. Ran out of meat?! Too expensive. Had to get up and get our own coffee/juice. If I could take stars away I would. Save your time and money; eat at home. Or mcdonalds.
Only had the country fried steak. Had to say it's been pretty good every time. Large portions. Usually order to go.
went for breakfast, cute but the food was awful. Honestly, Dennys serves better breakfast and I abhor chain restaurants. I really wanted this local place to be great. disappointed.
In spite of the Malayan curse and being a victim of an untimely conflagration in it's building, this gem is officially reborn and doing wonderful things once again!  As many of you know, Ranch House re-opened its doors last Monday, and today Peggy and I had the absolute pleasure of having breakfast there. The food is superb, as always, and the service is excellent.  Chicken-fried steak (either with cream gravy or with green pork chili) is wonderfully favorable and not just breading. The burritos are always top notch.  It is a pleasure to welcome back this neighborhood place!
= = = = = =  REOPENED!  = = = = = =

After closing due to a fire way back on November 1, 2010, Ranch House here finally reopened recently!  They just got their new sign up on the building Thursday but they were already back to being roaring busy without it!     :-)
Service is good and friendly also.  Each of us got a personal greeting when we walked in the door.

We went with a 4-person lunch crew, and we ALL liked EVERYTHING we ordered.

The fried fish was crispy and flaky-tender.  Onion rings, we could smell the beer batter.  Potato salad made in house.  Pastrami and cheese sammich was a winner.  Green chili burro was good, but the "red chile" bowl that came with it was even better.

Portion sizes are a good value and taste is even better.

If you are in the area, you should stop by and give these nice ladies some business - we need more places like this to stick around !!

P.S.  Corrected info.
I was so excited to eat at the Ranch House after their reopening. During the 30+ mile drive one way to the restaurant from my house (I WAS a dedicated customer), I raved about the food to a friend who had joined me. Unfortunately within 5 minutes of sitting down, I realized it was not how I remembered.  The service was HORRIBLE and the staff did not communicate to one another. I ordered the chicken fried steak with biscuits and gravy. Apparently they ran out of biscuits (how does that happen in a restaurant who is known for their biscuits?). The server also got our order completely wrong and instead of correcting the order, she disagreed with us and said we made the mistake. No refills on drinks, a simple order that took 40 minutes to come from the kitchen, chewy chicken, barely warm gravy, a very unappetizing buckwheat pancake that was recommended and substituted for the biscuits, and a server who argues....way to go Ranch House. Oh the kicker....another server noticed our frustration and offered to take my iced tea off the order. As we were paying our bill the OWNER asked how was everything. I simply replied "not as I remembered." The server who took my iced tea off the order walked up and told the owner what an experience we had. His response was "hope you come back again." 
I was so disappointed in this dining experience as well as the owner's lack of regard for our experience. They have definitely lost a very devoted customer.
So badly wanted this place to work out, because of the proximity to the house, but it just didn't fare out as much as I hoped O_O womp womp. I need consistency in the restaurants I visit, and after a couple of visits, Ranch House Grille got progressively dissapointing.

First visit: we ordered the half order of the chicken fried steak breakfast and the fried chicken and waffles. Yum! Loved that the half order was perfectly proportioned and at $7, perfect price. This visit topped it off and made us want to come back the next weekend. 

Second visit: womp. womp. womp. This visit may have been a bad day for the chef because not only did they have to recook our chicken (leading to a really long wait) but the biscuits and gravy order was just not appetizing at all. The biscuits were so dense that after a while, it was actually tiring to chew!

So I don't know.. I need more Arcadia/East Phoenix brunch options.
The best chicken fried steak.  I recommend it with the chili verde gravy.  The prices are good and the service is excellent.  I am so glad that they came back after the fire!!
We went back for the first time since they reopened after the fire and had an exceptional lunch.  Chicken fried steak for one and fried chicken for the other.  Both were more than substantial in size and flavor.  The service was great..  It is nicer inside than it used to be.  Can't wait to go back!!
If my neighbors, Joe and Craig (like you care what their names are) hadn't discussed this place in my presence, I wouldn't be here today.
I ordered the huevos rancheros, and my husband ordered the steak and eggs.
He loved his breakfast so much that he barely spoke. 
I loved my breakfast. And I mean, loved it. 
Out of a sense of duty, i offered the hubby a bite, and luckily, he was too busy devouring his steak and eggs, thus declining..
My huevos rancheros had perfectly cooked (over well) eggs on top of corn tortillas. On top? A delicious pork green chili that was to-die-for delish. In addition, you get rice and beans, AND hash browns! 
Yummy, yummy, yummy! 
The place is darling, very comfortable and has very nice personnel that are will to please. 
We've already been back, and it was just as good the second time as it was the first!
This place is a winner!!!
Ok the price for 2 for breakfast was over $27.00 without tip. The eggs were not cooked correctly runny when should have been firm. The chicken fried steak was ok not great. Biscuits doughy in the middle. Sausage grave just ok. Will not be going back anytime soon. The service was ok but the food was not really great.
We rolled into Ranch House Grille at ten o'clock on a Saturday, hoping that the wait for breakfast would not be too long.  There were five of us, and it was just the standard family get-together.  The wait was not too long, only about ten minutes, before we had a table and menus.  This is not typical, I think we just got lucky.

The Ranch House has been a favorite with us for years, we've eaten at the Page restaurant as well as the Phoenix restaurant, which recently re-opened after a too-long remodelling hiatus.  Apparantly, there were some issues with the old building, code requirements and kitchen equipment, but happily for all, it has been resolved, and the Ranch House is back in action in the same building, essentially the same dining room, but now with a front door added.  There is also a nice, covered, vine-shaded patio with a couple of tables.  This time of year, too hot for me.

Amazingly, I've never had the green-chile CF steak.  This was the day to change that.  Ordered my eggs Over-medium and please bring a big glass of iced tea.  The wife had Huevos Rancheros, D1 had oatmeal with strawberries, D2 had a French-Dip and MIL had a turkey sandwich.  Yes, indeed, they serve anything off the menu anytime of day.

People have raved about the Green Chile and I've waited so long, my expectations were pretty high.  Fortunately, I was not disappointed.  I think the Chile could have been hotter, but that's a personal preference.  It was a savory, flavorful sauce, with chunks of tender and tasty pork.  This sauce was draped over a decent-sized portion of Chicken-Fried Steak and topped with a small pile of melting cheddar cheese.  The steak had a nice breading, still crispy, yet the meat was tender and easy to chew.   The eggs were slightly over-cooked, but the yolk was still perfectly runny, they just had a tough, brown edge that says the fire was too hot.  Hash browns were browned and crispy and this came with a side of toast, I had Rye.  The toast was your basic plain bread, nothing to brag about.  

The wife was not so impressed with her dish, she is vegetarian, and said the green chile had too much pork/pork flavoring, the rice was flavorless and the beans tasted like pork.  Her eggs were cooked perfectly and she enjoyed the house-made salsa.  D2, as usual only ate half of her French-Dip sandwich, and so dad got to finish it.  I didn't try the Au Jus, but the beef was tasty and tender, with a bit of melted Provolone on a soft French roll.  I had it as leftovers, zapped in the astro-chef and slathered with mayonnaise.  It was tasty.

Everybody else seemed to like their food, and the young male waiter enjoyed flirting awkardly with D1, who pretty much just rolled her eyes.  The iced tea was good, service was acceptable, not exceptional, but we were not ignored.  Their prices have gone up, but it's still a good value.
This morning, I was on a date with 'self'.  I was in between clients and had a good 2.5 hours to spare and I was starving after my 3 hour massage session.  

The Ranch House Grille is a homey place and the waiters are very attentive even before you are seated!  This morning was no different.  The waiter was so friendly, I thought he was going to ask me out, which was not an issue.  Friendliness over moodiness any day!

I have been about a dozen or so times with my clients to this country bit of a cafe in the Arcadia/Biltmore area.  The eggs are always fresh yet the coffee isn't worth a bean ~ AND I LOVE COFFEE!  I adore steak and eggs and the steak is less than moovelous ; -(    SOOO, I'll try the pancakes next time.  I like to stay in my neighborhood when I go out to eat, it will be worth another shot!
Went today to use our Amazon Deal coupon.  Since the place was busy and there was a waiting line, the hostess offered the option to sit at the counter.  We gladly accepted since we often find the service at the counter a step above table service.  We weren't disappointed.  Our waitress as very friendly and rountinely checked in with us during our meal.  

Wife and I love steak and eggs so we both ordered the smaller 8oz portion.  In addition I ordered a side of biscuits and gravy for .75.  We got three eggs cooked perfectly, mine sunnyside up and the wife's basted.  Each platter (yes I said platter) had a large portion of golden hash browns, and two, not one cut of perfrectly cooked steak to order.  Not since our days in CHicago had we seen such a generous portion of steak on a plate.  The biscuits were just average at best, more like a dinner roll but the sausage gravy was the best I've had in the valley since we have been here,

Bottomline, this is the first time my wife has asked for a to go box for her steak.  She was stuffed as was I.  In fact we were so stuffed that on way home we decided to change our dinner plans to only a light salad!!!!
Seven of us met for breakfast today, and I didn't hear one complaint from my party.  We showed up at 9:30 and were seated within 5 minutes.  I was a little hesitant, reading the negative reviews for this place, but left pleasantly surprised.

I'm not sure if they changed out their biscuits (based on previous reviews), but my friend who ordered them, complimented their biscuits and gravy.  I ordered the huevos rancheros with green chile, and loved it.  The dish came with rice, beans and hash browns.

Good job RHG!
I absolutely love the Ranch House!  Even when I have to wait to be seated, it is worth it.  The food is consistently excellent (especially the chicken fried steak)!  I also sincerely appreciate the always friendly customer service.
Used a Living Social coupon for my first meal at Ranch House Grille; I will be back.  The place is adorable, the service warm and efficient, and the food excellent.  Mom had liver and onions and oozed happiniess with every bite.  I had the chicken fried steak and was not disappointed.  The portions are huge, the quality of the food high, and the flavors excellent.   Look forward to trying it for breakfast.
I love this place!!! Its 5am and Im up and ready to head there in about an hour. The food is home cooking at its finest. I love the service and the country fried chicken.
I went for the first time last week. The service is awesome! They were right on top of water and coffee refills, and the waitress couldn't have been friendlier. I had the bacon and eggs, hash browns and multi grain toast.  Tasted great, with good portions. I'll be back!
Ranch house rocks so does the service!
We were searcing for a yummy breakfast place.  Yelp* to the rescue again.  We were able to be seated immeediately.  The decor is not moderate or chic but homey.  They offer smaller portions of breakfast favorites like chicken fried steak.  It was great, tender and just the right size.  The chorizo breakfast burrito was nice and spicy.  Overall, worth every penny.
They were certainly packing in the customers on a Sunday morning, but that didn't stop us from being seated almost immediately.  Waitservice was rapid and pleasant.  My wife ordered the waffle and eggs benedict.  She was happy (not overjoyed) with the eggs--which I thought were PHENOMENAL--excellent hollandaise sauce.  She was overjoyed with the waffle, which I thought was great.  I had Chicken Fried Steak with eggs and silver dollar pancakes.  The steak was great, gravy was tasty, and the pancakes were at least 6 inches in diameter--which pleasantly surprised me, as I was expecting them to be a lot smaller.  They tasted really great as well.  We left full (but not exploding) for $30 plus tip.  All in all, a good experience and we'll defintely be back!!!
Generally, I am NOT a breakfast person, but I LOVE this place.  

Pros:  Good Service, seating quickly, good time,  always taken care of .  They definitely do know the meaning of Customer Service! Always greeted right away, not too long of a wait, etc...

Cons:  my husband is not a fan of the biscuits here.  He thinks that they are more like dinner rolls than biscuits.  The juice leaves a weird after taste in my mouth, I don't know what that is, it's almost kind of 'soapy' 

The chicken fried steak is better than good!
She planned for us to go here for sunday brunch! I was thoroughly surprised that she planned it here. Her backing was that its a "hole-in-the-wall local" place like how I like it. I was like sure lets give it a try. 

It took them 20 minutes to seat us, as it was busy and too cold & windy to sit outside. The service was good and people amiable. It was a typical breakfast place, right from pancakes, omlettes, salads, burgers, burritos, etc. 

Had a few veggie options, like a typical breakfast place. I got the avacado and black bean patty omelette. Check pix. Havta say didn't like the patty since it was soy based (like BOCA) and not a black bean garden based. I got a side of the southwestern hash browns and a French toast, both were good as well. 

All said and done, no particular reason I havta go back to this place when there are places like Mimi's and lolo's. it's a small place with good people and decent food at almost the same price as other places.
Huge portions, great service, clean, confortable surroundings all welcomed me today to the Ranch House Grille.   

I ordered the chicken fried steak with Homemade Pork Chili Verde $10.  Normally I would never in a million years order this, as I have stopped ordering chicken fried steak years ago because nobody makes it right.  After being talked into trying it, it arrived on my table and OMG, it is the BEST!  Tender, crispy steak with a perfect Chili Verde.  The breakfast also came with 2 eggs and a huge portion of hash browns.  

Definately recomended.
Nice, comfy, clean ... good food - had the grilled chicken salad in a taco bowl - lots of chicken & the chicken was actually WARM!
Had to try this out! YAY, now I have a new place for breakfast & lunch. Got the Chicken Fried Steak breakfast with scrambled eggs, only problem, got the Chicken Fried Steak with chorizo and scrambled egg whites...but now I have a new favorite addiction!!! The biscuits were okay, just not tasty enough for me. Might be good with honey. Got a sample of the pork chile verde, know why it gets awards for it. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you.
We were out driving around and came upon this place. Checked the Yelp reviews which were good so we stopped for bkfst. Excellent portions and very reasonable prices. We were fortunate to have been able to sit outside and while we were out there we kept hearing honking..Well, I guess the sign on the street said "honk if you love chicken fried steak"! I guess it's pretty well loved...very good food and service!
I don't think I have ever EVER given a 5-star review before.  Let that sink into your head before I tell you about Ranch House.

I visited Scottsdale for Memorial weekend this year.  On our first morning there, my partner and I had just finished a little morning hike at Papago and decided that we should have some brunch.  We found this gem thanks to Yelp.

This place is a straight-up no nonsense down home cafe.  There's country music playing faintly in the background and it's the kind of place that probably has a lot of regulars.  It's seat-yourself style so you just go in and pop a squat at a table.

I have been to some pretty spectacular "world-class" famous restaurants here in LA, but Ranch House had the best waitress I have ever encountered.  A friendly young girl came over and introduced herself (think her name was Ashley) and this girl is seriously the best waitress I've ever had, and like I said I've eaten at Michelin star places.

At Ranch House, you pretty much just order how many eggs you want and what kind of meat you want.  Everything comes with hash browns and then either toast, pancakes or biscuits n gravy.  Ashley informed us that her favorite was the biscuits n gravy so we of course had to take her up on them.

I got bacon and my partner got the 8 oz steak.  He ordered it rare, because he likes medium rare but places usually cook things too well from what you say so he was assuming it would actually come out medium rare.

Well, it didn't, it came out straight-up rare and all cold in the middle.  I know this is totally all his fault for ordering it rare.  Ashley brought it out and immediately read his mind.  She asked if he really wanted it that rare or if he wanted it taken back to be thrown on for a few minutes--he obliged her and it came back PERFECTLY medium rare.  We both proceeded to feel dumb, btw.

Anyway, my bacon was floppy and thick-cut and I loved it.  The scrambled eggs were perfect.  The hash browns were some of the best I've ever had.  Loved every single thing about the meal.  Even their coffee here is brewed stuff and was a perfect wake-me-up after an early morning hike in the desert.  They put cucumber and lemon in the ice water which I liked as well.

Ashley was so patient, so attentive and did every single thing asked of her perfectly.

For a $25 bill I tipped Ashley $20 and left her a thank you note.  She earned it.

So we came back a second time just before we hit the road to leave Scottsdale and come back to LA.  This time we had an older lady with short hair who was also amazing.  The waitstaff here really cares about the restaurant and really cares about their jobs.  Once again my food was cooked perfectly.  This time the partner tried an omelette and it was seriously GINORMOUS.  For $10, he got an enormous omelette (which I'm pretty sure contained an ENTIRE avocado) and biscuits & gravy.  What a good deal.

Anytime in the future I come back through the Phoenix metro, I'm probably going to make it a point to go out of my way to eat here.

Like I said, I've never given a 5-star review before, but Ranch House TOTES earned it.
I've lived within walking distance for almost seven years but yesterday morning was my first visit to the Ranch House. I had received a $5 off coupon in the mail so I decided to check it out.

I was expecting it to smell of smoke from the recent building fire next door, but there wasn't even a trace of it. (The RH was closed for about 6 months after the fire.) I found a seat by a window, sat down and was greated by the waitress. I ordered an orange juice, one egg over medium (the waitress helped me order my eggs cooked just the way I like them) with buttered toast. I substituted the hash browns for a fruit cup.

Everything was great and almost free after my coupon! Next time I'll bring my Kindle to read while I dine. I might even bring Peekaboo when it cools off outside because I noticed a couple with a Great Dane sit down at a table on the outside patio. Dog friendly? It must be.
I am not a food critic, I am more of a traveling foodie.  So, from the reviews & comments asserting this restaurant has the best chicken fried steak & green chili in Phoenix, that did not hold true for me.  The food was not bad but not great. The combination omelet I had was quite good. The hash browns were ok but the oil used to fry them tasted old. The pancakes were just ok.  The service was friendly. You get the atmosphere a decent local establishment that certainly has its following. They make their own hot sauces which I tasted.  We went to try some place new. I am glad we did but it was a drive. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back anytime soon.
I went here for breakfast a few days ago with my mom and sister.

My mom had been wanting to try it for some time. It's a nice place, very open floor plan, with Native American art pieces hanging on the wall.

It's a seat your self kind of place.

The food was good. They serve the usual breakfast items. Our waitress was really nice. But the service was slow. 

The place was about half full, so maybe that had something to do with it. I believe I just saw the one waitress going around to everyone. 

I liked it! I'll come back for sure!
I took my husband here for breakfast for his birthday. It was very good! I had the huevos rancheros and the green chile pork was delicious! The rest of it was good too. My husband had bacon and eggs and he said it was good. The staff was friendly and we were served quickly. We'll definitely go again
Definitely worth the money.  I ate the meat for two more days it was that big.
My husband and I LOVE this place for breakfast.  Their "Green Chili Gravy Chicken Fried Steak" is fantastic!  The ambiance is "corner cafe" style... the breakfast fabulous.  Not sure about other meals, but breakfast is worth a try.
Ranch House Grille has quickly become my favorite breakfast spot.  Everything is from scratch and tastes homemade.  I love that the menu has a good variety.  You can get serious and order country fried steak with biscuits and gravy or something on the lighter side like yogurt, fruit and granola.  I think the pricing is fair.  You definitely won't leave hungry.  LocalDines.com generally offers a $10 for $20 deal.  I highly recommend Ranch House Grille!
Down home comfort food! This has become a favorite for our friends & family when then come to visit from the midwest. The best biscuits & gravy I've had in Phoenix. Super friendly staff.
Love the chicken fried steak.  I will have to say it's the best in the valley.  Service was wonderful.  I have no complaint and I will be back very soon.
Hello, we love your place but was wondering why you do not serve the minced bacon or minced ham on your menu any more? It is the best ever! Please bring it back!!! Thank you.
Green chili pork, chicken fried steak.  Nothing else needs yo be said!
Awesome food and Great service...a must try ....
sometimes you just want to go to an old fashioned country style restaraunt and order some biscuits n gravy and don't need all the over the top fixins some of the other places put (hint hint: snooze putting carrots in their gravy realllllyyyyy?!?!?!?!) in their dishes. the place serves generous size portions and I am a fan!
ranch House Grille use to be one of my favorite places to go for breakfast. However I was very disappointed this past weekend with not only the service but with the food. We went there for breakfast we sat and waited at a table for at least 10 minutes, I almost started to leave and then the waitress appeared and apologized for the delay, she was patient as we ordered but the food took a long time , I understand them being busy, so we were patient. The food came out I ordered poached eggs, a buckwheat pancake and dry toast, the toast was coated with butter so I asked them to remake a new toast which they did, the pancake was okay,but a little dry but editable so I ate that, no syrup was brought to the table no waitress either so I hunted around and found some packs of honey for our pancakes. Now to my eggs they were either porches hard or they were poached correctly and sat under light and got hard. None the less they were rubbery and so bad I could not eat them, the waitress was more than happy to have them make me new ones but I lost my appetite and she did take them off the bill as I could not eat them. My friends eggs were scrambled a little dry overlooked but his were edible.  I hate to complain but this was the worst meal that I have ever had there, I hate to say but I need to find a new favorite ,as I probably won't come back. I gave it 2 stars as the waitress really tried to do the best she could and you do get big portions for the money but quality has surly suffered.
Driven by this place for years and it is always too busy to stop . . . today . . . not many cars, so I thought I would take a chance . . . I thought to myself before I got out of the car . . . either this place has gotten really bad . . . due the lack of cars . . . OR . . . It is my lucky day.

IT WAS MY LUCKY DAY

Service was great . . . my waitress recommended the meatloaf sandwich special . . . and I was skeptical . . . meatloaf with grilled onions and barbeque sauce on grilled sour dough . . . I died and went to heaven . . . Fries were hot crispy and great with the barbeque sauce that oozed out of the sandwich.

Not only was this place a strong 5 stars . . . but it was a 7 napkin sandwich . . . I will definitely be back . . .
Great place to go for green chili, super tasty!

Also, the omelettes are fantastic, very fresh and good sized portion.

The service was friendly and efficient.
My boyfriend and I went there for breakfast one weekend and were unimpressed. The parking was terrible and service just OK. I ordered the eggs benedict which had the sweetest hollandise sauce and my boyfriend said IHOPs chicken fried steak was better. The server never came back to fill up our drinks and just dropped off the check to never be seen again (pay upfront). Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
Good neighborhood restaurant with homestyle food. I particularly love the fish and chips. It's hard to get that anywhere these days. Love the giant cups of soda the give you with the crushed ice.

Servers and staff are friendly (but see below). The time between ordering and getting your food is good.

I would have given it 5 stars except for the fact that they need to work on the attentiveness of their servers. It's hit or miss and the servers don't always come back to check on you enough. I know it's a fine line between not enough service and too much. I think Ranch House is tipping toward the not enough side. I want to emphasize though that servers are very friendly with a great attitude.

Overall, great neighborhood feel. Glad to support a local business. I'll be going back!
For us, this is the best breakfast in Phoenix, and maybe lunch too. Packed with old time regulars who know what they like, this is a throwback cafe with a great menu and even greater food. Don't miss the green chile on anything, I like the pork chop and eggs. M'lady orders hash everywhere it is fresh, and declares theirs a winner
The chicken fried steak here is awesome. The parking is not that great, and there is a small wait. The food and service was worth the wait
The chicken-fried steak topped with green chile pork was phenomenal. It was accompanied by perfect hash browns and two eggs cooked just right to order. Instead of toast we opted for the biscuits and gravy- an amazing upgrade for just 75 cents more. We headed out the door as full as if we just had a Thanksgiving feast. Oh, and we were holding go-cups of the drinks we had with our meals. Excellent service and management at a place that does it right.
Who knew that in downtown historic Glendale, there lived the most adorable little locally owned ice cream parlor called Papa Ed's?

I didn't... until today!

I made the thirty minute drive to Glendale from Old Town this afternoon for a meeting and was lucky enough to get a tour of some of the cutest businesses around town.  Papa Ed's was one of them... 

My friend Danica walked me inside and introduced me Linda, the owner.  For those that aren't lucky enough to have their private tour guide like I was, Papa Ed's is tucked behind the Country Maiden house turned retail store (which happens to be yet another adorable Glendale business that I will review in due time as well).

Papa Ed's carries both Shamrock Farms and Dreyer's ice cream... it reminds me of a smaller, more local "Ben and Jerry's" kind of place.  It's bright, colorful and welcoming...

While I passed on getting an ice cream today, I did take advantage of their outdoor seating; you see, I had a conference call smack dab in the middle of the afternoon.  It was fun to see people go in and out with their ice cream treats.  There's also plenty of beautiful landscaping right outside their door.

Next visit to the area, I'll have to go for an ice cream from Papa Ed's... if you make it there before me, let me know what you think?!
unless you hate ice cream and friendly people you will love Papa Ed's! It's tucked away in Caitlin Court in downtown Glendale.  Walking towards the front you can't help but notice all the love and care that went into the garden and flowers - the flower bed still makes me smile!  Walking through the front door it's easy to forget where and when you are - the wood floors, Vintage coke machine and friendly staff all most made me forget why I was there... ICE CREAM. good selection and great ice cream.. 

Now let's talk about ice cream pie... Papa Ed's makes to order (with advance notice) ice cream pies. I love the Peanut butter cup with Oreo cookie crust. The lemon and Raspberry sorbet swirl in a  graham cracker crust and my Holiday Favorite - Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream in a graham cracker crust!
I had heard about this place but could never find it. It's tucked behind another shop and is very easily missed from the street. 
I love the Old Town Glendale area and Papa Ed's Ice Cream fits in perfectly in the neighborhood. Everything about Papa Ed's is charming and you can tell that a lot of love and care has been put into this ice cream shop. I think it being tucked away behind another shop added to the charm. It was nice to sit outside eating ice cream with two friends away from the hustle and bustle just a few feet away. From the sidewalk until you step into Pap Ed's, the charm  really creates a lot of build up, I felt a bit let down when I saw the variety of ice cream offered.
While the ice cream was tasty, it was kinda of a disappointment that it was the same brand and mostly the same flavors that I can purchase in any grocery store.
I was hoping for some homemade ice cream or at least some unique  flavors or something to mix in like fruit or candy. 
So close Papa Ed's! So close!!
Still a positive rating though!
If you find yourself in downtown Glendale and have a hankering for some Ice Cream, this is the place to go.  It is right in the heart of things, in a wonderfully renovated little square of merchants.  As you walk down the long sidewalk to the entrance, with plenty of arrows and pictures of ice cream cones to guide your way, you will feel as though you are stepping back in time.  Once inside, you will be greeted by the extremely warm and hospitable staff.  The inside is a cute little shop offering about a dozen flavors of ice cream to choose from, as well as a few old-fashioned candies.  There are a few small tables inside, but there are plenty of other seating options and open space in the courtyard that surrounds this and the other neighboring shops.   The prices are extremely reasonable, so even if you are just walking by on your way to another destination, you can easily stop by and get your ice cream fix and be on your way to your destination in no time, without spending more than the spare change in your front pocket.
Great little place in Downtown historic glendale. This is our hangout for ice cream especially in their garden. It's very refreshing to see and feel like you are back in time . No drama , no traffic, just friendly customers service and great ice cream.
Like another reveiwer said, i was hoping for some homemade icecream.
They offer a couple of brand ice creams and thats it. Nothing special.
It is a really neat location in downtown Glendale and the lady is really nice.
I think they should atleast offer a few homemade ice cream options and see how it goes and weed out the brand stuff :-(
Wow!  I finally found an oasis in the desert.  A couple of scoops of the Papa Ed's hand scooped ice cream and the heat wasn't a problem anymore.  A great throwback for us who remember old fashion ice crem stores.  I must have spent an hour sitting while looking at all the pictures of the staff on the walls and reading about the charitable accomplishments the store owner has done with Glendale and the surrounding community. We weren't familiar with the area since we were from out of town and so the owner was kind enough to talk to us about the local business and what to see.  What an enjoyable afternoon because the staff is so kind, the atmosphere is friendly and especially the ice cream was delicious.
My boyfriend stopped in here after lunch last week, it was a typical hot AZ summer day and we were both in the mood for something cool. We love downtown Glendale and all the little shops so we decided to stop in for a cool treat. Cute little shop, nice staff, good ice cream, what else can you ask for!
Papa Eds is a friendly local Ice cream shop that will treat you like family. Located in a unique shopping are of Glendale with great little shops. They have special treats and unique flavors for everyone, even special cones for littles ones!
I think this location is way cool and the atmosphere is from the 50's but the ice cream was just Dryers and Shamrock.  I was wishing it was homemade since it would fit the ambiance.  This is a small house behind another that have both been converted to businesses in downtown Glendale.  We went out of our way to support this business since we were at the Chocolate Affair and did not want to just give the money to a temporary vendor in the area.
Best hidden secret on the valley!  Nostalgia, sweet treats, fun flavors & a perfect garden to host kids parties.  Extra points cuz they're pet friendly :)
This is the cutest ice cream shop ever! I love going in here and trying their new creations. My husband and daughter also love the choices. I think it is amazing that they are so creative. Their newest edition-the fairy house out front is adorable and I think my daughter could have looked at it for hours! Great scenery and amazing treats!
This place is adorable!! From the quaint decor, painted ice cream path and friendly staff to the delicious ice cream... This ace is totally worth going to!!

I love love love the cappuccino splatter ice cream and the pumpkin!!

Also with the check in deal- what more could we ask for?
I like being a tourist in my own city from time to time. I think walking around the local downtown Glendale shops gives me that vavcation feel, especially on a comfotably warm day in February. 

Papa Ed's had been on my bookmarked list of things to try for a while and this day just seemed so perfect to finally go for a visit.

The location is just so cute. They have a small garden in the front yard of the house and the whole atmosphere is just very charming.

The ice cream itself was very tastey. I think they only sell Shamrock Farms ice cream, which is although not made in house but is at least supporting another local business.
Let's just start with 75 cent kids cones and COOKIE ICE CREAM SANDWICHES! Must try, especially when they have macaroons!

Papa Ed's puts you in a different mindset. It is tucked behind another shop and has the most beautiful garden. Sweet peas, Jasmine, Mint, Carrots... So on and so forth.

Papa Ed's had added drinks, including Coffee, the BEST Iced Coffee, and loose leaf teas. They have like 20 flavors.

They have 16 flavors of Ice Cream. Half of the freezer is Karens Kreamery which is a local creamery that makes unique flavors like Monster Cookie, Cappuccino Splatter, Caramel Toffee Crunch!! And the rest is a mix of Dreyer's/Shamrock Farms Classic Flavors.

Bring the kids. Bring the family, and feel like you are at home.

Linda, the owner, is so sweet and she truly is what makes the shop feel so full of love and childhood!!

They also make homemade waffle cones/bowls.

Sugar Free/Fat Free/Gluten Free/Dairy Free Options which is awesome!!
Really neat place hidden in the back of the 1920's bungalow called The Country Maiden  in the Catlin Court Historic District in downtown Glendale. They have a nice selection of ice cream, and the courtyard is very relaxing. 
Here is a couple of tips, They carry Karen's Kreamery ice cream and Frosty Paw frozen treats for your dog!
I never knew they were here, glad I found them on yelp!
This is one of the small business I been wanted to try and today is the day that I finally got the chance to, it's a house that had been converted to a business, the ice cream store is behind the house, it's a neat little place to hang out in a hot Arizona day, would be really awesome and busy in the summer time. I'm really happy with the visit and looking forward to coming back soon. But one thing is I thought since they are a small business they would make their own ice cream but it's shamrock which isn't bad either. And you could also reserve for a party or a big group.
I have been here once but they are close and today I got opportunity to check them out, they're right at down town Glendale, can be easily missed because its a house but also a ice cream place which is located in the back of the house, Papa Ed's Ice Cream is a nice, cool and fun place to be, there are outdoor seats that is nicely shaded and cool which would be perfect for the summer time. They also take party request like birthdays or group events. The ice cream are very tasty which are from shamrock but the waffle corns are homemade which is the best. I'll be back again and will bring my little cousins and family.
Get ready, Vegas!  Your taste buds are going to thank you.  Whether you prefer your chicken baked, fried or grilled, you can't go wrong! 

I prefer the fried variety. Juicy, flavorful tender strips lightly battered and sooo crispy!  They have a huge selection of sauces for any taste.  I like the house sauce myself.  Add to that crispy golden fries and a slice of garlic toast.  Nomnom! 

The owners are friendly and real pros with chicken flavor!  These guys rock!  Plus I'm lucky to have my Sign-A-Rama shop only a couple doors down from them (shamelss self-promotion).

The grilled strips are also A plus.  Tasty and a healty alternative to the fried variety.  

Bring the gang and chow down on some good stuff.  Better than any chain chicken in the world.  5 stars.  KF WHO????
More of a 4.5. BFG is GOOD chicken! get ready for me to say "really good" 100 times.

(Full disclosure: I know the owners/chefs, but that won't make me go twice in a week. The FOOD makes me go back 2x!)

Portion sizes are plenty! The meals are $5.75, I think, and that is 4 strips, plenty of fries/sides with dipping sauces. Here's what we've had:

Grilled Chicken is juicy and has a very nice, fresh yet mild marinade. The quality of the chicken seem higher than grilled chicken you get at KFC or other fast foods.

Fried Chicken is panko-breaded which is a great switch from the norm, and just as juicy as the grilled chicken. If you want a fuller meal, go for these! My husband thinks this portion size borders on large. I don't love fried food, because I tend to feel the grease in my mouth for hours (cough cough, CANES). But these are fresh and leave the plate dry! No grease there. Super good.

The french fries are super good. They are the kind of fries that have that texture like they've been rolled in a batter, on the skinny side, with just enough salt to make them irresistible.

The grilled veggies (zucchini or squash, onions, roma tomatoes) are a point of contention for me. I thought they tasted great (they seem to be lightly marinated in the same sauce as the grilled chicken), but the cuts of veggies were on the small side. That is a personal preference for me, though. I would rather have a crunchy bite of zucchini in there still. 

THE DIPS: Oh Em Gee!!
BFG rounds out their high-quality chicken with amazing, freshly made (I think they are homemade?!) dips that range from regular to wacky.

Honey Mustard like I used to get in the south! you can see the mustard seeds in there! I loved it with the fries and fried ckn.

BFG sauce is good, it seems to be something like a soy with a thicker base, with a little sweetness and seasonings? I can't figure it out, but its really good on the grilled chicken.

Wasabi Cream! Nice Choice BFG. Talk about something different and very good! Its not overly strong (maybe they could offer a dollop of wasabi so you can change the strength? I like wasabi A LOT), its a wonderful change to a world of ketchup/ranch.

Sweet Chili is another welcome change. if you like a little heat, mixed with a little sweet, this is for you!

The only dip I didn't love is the Ranch, but that's another personal thing. I love buttermilk Hidden Valley Ranch (hey! i'm a southern girl) and no other. and this isn't that. but with the other dips, I don't mind!

They made me a taste-test of fried mac & cheese balls, if they put that on the menu, get it! it was good (panko breaded too).

All of the meals come with good garlic bread, great friendly service, and its made when you order it. So be prepared to wait about 5 minutes (worth it).

I would think this would be great family stop on a weeknight or a weekend, or good take out (I'm going to try takeout sometime to see how it holds up). The place is small, like probably seats 15 people, but its definitely a place to try. Several times.
I was returning some excess stuff to home depot when I saw a sign that said 'Chicken Strips' -- i thought to myself, chicken strips, all the place does, it better be good. And good for me i felt like chicken so I dropped in to order me some chicken. 

As the name says - baked, fried, grilled. Its simple and simply delicious. I ordered two combos, a baked chicken with baked mac and a grilled chicken with french fries. 

I talked to a cat named Jin and he explained the rundown and history of the joint and talked until the food arrived. The staff is friendly, the place is clean and the food is tasty. 

Each combo comes with a drink and bread, the bread is very tasty and their selection of sauces is very good. I went for the BFG sauce and the wasabi cream sauce while the other combo had bbq and honey mustard.

Everything was tasty, it was cheap, and run by friendly folks. Something is quirky about their logo but it got me to go in.
So I'm just going to put it out there, I know one of the owners, but believe you me if the restaurant sucks, I will say it.  I like this restaurant.  All the food is prepared fresh, made to order except the fries.  I had combo #3 which is 4 grilled chicken strips w/ grilled veggies + garlic bread + a drink.  I added 2 fried chicken strips and had Wasabi Cream + BFG as my sauces, the owner gave me a bonus to try so I tried the sweet chilli + honey mustard.  We all know chicken is chicken.  It's all in the way you prepare it and the sauces.  I really liked the wasabi cream + honey mustard.  All sauces are prepared on site.  It's something different,  worth a try.  Oh and btw, I got all the food I listed above for 7 bucks.  The prices are VERY reasonable. $5.75 for a combo.  It's a mom + pops shop, definitely worth supporting.
Healthy eats for $5.75 (including drink).. *Swoon*! Although I was basically trying to eat "healthy", I tried the grilled, fried, and baked strips (I did it for Yelp - how can I rate a place without trying it all?)! I'm with Ann Marie - the grilled were actually my favorite. They put just enough glaze on them to give them flavor without being overpowering. They were grilled to order (guy threw them on the grill right when I placed my order!) and were so delicious. 

Baked wasn't all that special, but fried were awesome ! No idea how they aren't greasy ? Panko ..mmmm.. so light, so fresh, and so "not fried" tasting. Love it ! 

I was thrilled to death to get 2 skewers of fresh delicious veggies with my chicken (green peppers, onions, tomatoes - yum!). I also tried a plethora of sauces. For you wasabe peeps, you'll love that wasabe cream sauce. My coworker was very pleased to find liquid cheese (like that kind that put on nachos at ballparks!), but I couldn't stop eating the BFG house sauce. It kinda reminds me of In-n-out special sauce, but yummier. 

It's a simple concept, but executed well. A good value, healthy, and delicious !
This place was on my 'To Do List" for a little while. Since I was in the neighborhood I decided to stop by today.  It's kind of difficult to see from the street, so the easiest way to describe the location is that it's in the shopping mall right next to the Home Depot....on the left side if you're facing Home Depot.

Before I entered, I looked on Yelp and saw that they had a Special Offer for $1.50 for Hot Chicks.....decided I would investigate further.

Since this was my 1st visit, I didn't know what a Hot Chick was and was pleased to find out that it was a Fried Chicken strip on a Hot Dog Bun w/Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, and your pick of sauce.  This sounded like a winner....so I ordered 2.....one with their BFG Sauce and the other with Honey Mustard.  For a side, I ordered Baked Mac 'n Cheese.

The restaurant is a small business owned and operated by a couple of friends and their family members.  While I waited for my food, we chatted it up a while.  They are genuinely nice people, which is a huge plus for me.  They asked each and every person who came into the joint what their first name was and called them by their first name when calling the order and saying goodbye....and it doesn't sound fake either.

After a few minutes my food was ready.  I decided to try the Hot Chick with the BFG Sauce first.  The proportion of Lettuce/Tomato/Onions was just right and the amount of Sauce on the Sandwich was just right as well.  The Chicken was moist and tasty....it wasn't greasy (bonus)....it was like a Chicken Strip Hot Dog....awesome!  The BFG Sauce is sort of like Thousand Island Dressing, but with a slightly different flavor to it....definitely worth a try.

While I was devouring the 1st Hot Chick, I took a few bites from the Mac 'n Cheese....it was gooey and Cheesy....it's making my mouth water just thinking about it.  The Mac 'n Cheese portion size is pretty good too for $1.50.  I then went for the 2nd Hot Chick....covered in Honey Mustard Sauce....again, it was explosion of awesome in my mouth!  The Honey Mustard wasn't too sweet and balanced the flavors of the Chicken and the other toppings.

Overall, it was a good day.....2 Hot Chicks & a Side of Mac 'n Cheese for around $5...isn't that every guy's dream?  Shh!!!  Don't tell my Wife!  Ha!

Will I return?  There are so many other options on the menu I want to try....Grilled Chicken, Baked Chicken, and the Fries...You bet I will!
After seeing peter's review and the offer for the hot chicks i stopped in for lunch and got four of these bad boys for the office. They are amazingly good and simple all at once. and for the price of 1.50 each I was super happy.  Its in a hotdog bun with lettuces and onions, a nice long piece of fried chicken and a couple slices of tomatoes covered in a sauce of your choice. A much better alternative to the hotdog. Amazingly tasty and kind of freaky that its so tasty :)
Great food, excellent value. Highly recommend.
this place is freakin awesome.  run by asians it seems.  very flexible with order.  i got two veggie skewers, a ton of tasty grilled chicken, and rice, for only like 7.50.  i will def come back again.  friendly staff.

Only negative is that it's a little bit difficult to find.  just look for the big orange HOME DEPOT sign on the left, if you're heading north on rainbow.

i just finished eating the meal and it was amazing.
I like Raising Cane's, its close to school and home, drive thru available, always hot, and the toast.. sometimes I go there just for the toast, but thats the problem. I can't be going to my chicken finger spot and only looking forward to the toast. 

Nooooow... lets pretend I am married to Raising Canes then.. BFG would be my mistress, cheap, hidden, ultra friendly, gives more than receives, and satisfies. Since I've cheated it would only be fair that I compare my lover and my new mistress. 

Raising Cane's Box Combo (6.89) versus BFG anything (5.75). 

The drink
- Both locations offer similar drinks, coke, diet coke, orange fanta, sprite, and etc.. so thats a tie . 

The dip
- Canes has ketchup and that brown gravy cane's sauce. BFG has 8 dipping sauces (guessing here), from a range of sweet honey mustard to the wassabi cream that brings a little spice to your life. My mathematical logarithms are not so good contrary to stereotypical beliefs but I know that BFG sauces (insert greater than sign) Cane's.  

The side
- At Cane's you can only get crinkled fries, a little cup of cole slaw, the delicious toast and... thats it. BFG offers you baked mac and cheese, vegetable skewers, garlic bread from a baguette and shoe string fries. If it wasn't for Cane's having that beautiful master piece of toast then they would have been completely dominated instead of mostly dominated by BFG. 

EL POLLO (CHICKEN)
- Cane's crispy chicken reminds me of what any other place that offers fried chicken strips would be like, but BFG's fried chicken is more.. homey, its a mostly unified and equally crispy deep fry of moist addicting chicken. BFG other offerings are grilled and baked, my favorite, which is seasoned and juicy. Sorry Cane's but you gave me no choice (literally) thus checkmate by BFG. 

Oh there is also a grilled chicken salad which I have yet to try since I am not too fond of salads.

It is a bit difficult to find it you aren't familiar with the area, which is somewhat fine for me since its my secret mistress anyways. I also would like to see some more tables, seems to have a lot of free space in the little shop.
The staff is super awesome. They make an effort to learn your name and a few things about you. Customer service sets an example for all the other places in Vegas.

The food itself is decently priced. The breading on the chicken is light and crispy with a juicy inside. Grilled veggies were seasoned nicely and weren't overcooked.

Sweet tea is quite nice. 

Overall i can see myself coming back here quite often
I cant think of a better place to dip my (chicken)breasts strips other than here .

I ordered #1, which came with the grilled chicken, baked mac & cheese, a slice of garlic bread and my choice of two sauces; the traditional ranch and fell utterly in-love with the wasabi cream. 

I created a survey, in which every single taste bud agreed to "yum" after my first bite. I had a mini chem lab at my table(two ramekins of sauces)where I mixed my wasabi sauce with the ranch. Supa- dupa tasty.

Jin, one of the nice owners took care of me and the bf, was very social as he talked about anything and everything. kept it real chill like cardigan weather. he talked quite a lot as we waited for our food, but i appreciate it when owners get to know their customers. makes time go by fast and smoothly, and very memorable.

and best for last, their baked mac & cheese. i savored each bite, so delicious, i forgot the name of this joint, and might have offended the chicken's ego a little. just a little. i even accused my bf of taking my last piece of chicken, when it was really i who, unconsciously, ate it. it's that good.
This must be where the chicken falls in love with the side dishes. Baked chicken with baked sides, fried chicken with fried sides and grilled chicken with grilled sides. I'm telling you, it's a triple date.

Me and my BF tried it out. He got the baked couple which came with a side of baked mac&cheese. Mine was panko breaded chicken deep fried with a side of fries. Every order comes with garlic bread and your choice of 2 sauces out of 9. My choices were the BFG sauce and the honey mustard. Jin & Tin are an awesome team and great people. There wasn't a second that Jin wasn't serving us. And if he wasn't, he was having a chill conversation and getting to know us personally. I like when places call you by your name instead of a number.

Everything here is simple and delicious. And they always have specials like teriyaki bowls when I was there. If you're craving something chicken, this is a good spot to go.
I knew it!! I knew this spot would be crackin! When me and the gf paid BFG a visit, it was totally random.  You know how you press shuffle on your iPod? And you get a good song that you would gladly listen to? Yeah kinda like that, no skipping. Just let it plaaaaay.

After we ordered, Jin (co-owner) asked for my name.  I thought it was just to call it out for the order, but no, he took a mental note and made conversation with us.  Even though we met just seconds ago, we talked like we were homies.  That's hella cool. Shout out to Jin! I got your back if anyone gives you problems homie! Lol. Anyways, he kept our drinks filled at all times.

As for the food, I enjoyed it like it was my last meal.  A fork and knife came with my 'Baked' order.  And the chicken was perfectly cooked, with the perfect seasonings.  It came with 'Baked' Mac n' cheese, and a slice of garlic toast. The Mac n cheese was good but tasted like it was missing something. Hmmm, butter. Yeah that'll do the trick. And probably cheddar cheese on top instead of mozzarella.  The sauce selection is real nice, cuz what if you don't want cane sauce or ketchup with your fingers!!!! their sauce called the BFG is really good and I recommend trying it. 

I will be paying BFG alot more visits for the equal reason of the food being excellent and well prepared by Tin, and the super excellent attentive service provided by Jin!
The food is good here, but the customer service is phenomenal! Yes, I said phenomenal. The guy who took our order and served us our food was super attentive, funny, and an overall awesome person! My friend's car died because she left her headlights on and he jumped her car for her! :) That's customer service baby! :P

On to the food... I ordered the baked chicken strips and tasted the fried chicken strips. The winner is FRIED CHICKEN! Doesn't it always win? The mac & cheese is creamy just the way I like. They had many sauces to choose from, but I'm not a sauce person so I just chose whatever.

Note: This place isn't big at all and the seating is limited to about 20 people total. 

I will be back... I wish they had a drive-thru!
great food, great service, will return simply on there hospitality
Someone wrote on Yelp.com, "one person can not rely on the reviews of yelp; the individual must try for themselves and make their own conclusion."  I read the reviews for BFG Chicken Strips and was even inspired with all the reviews made by all the members of Yelp.  I made the suggestion to my boss to eat here for lunch and she happily agreed.  Considering we always order to go, I placed a call for pick up.  Towards of the end of the conversation, the cashier over the phone advised me it would be ready in six minutes.  Whoa!  Wait a minute, I'm about a good 15 minutes away!  He was kind enough to tell the cooks to start cooking six minutes before I arrive.  

Off I went immediately after I hung up the phone.  Almost there I thought, however I got lost.  Who gets lost in Charleston and Rainbow?  Because I couldn't find the place, I made a few u-turns and finally decided to go towards Home Depot.  Yup, there it was hiding next to Home Depot.  That hardware retail store has a way of keeping any small establishments from being seen on Rainbow Road.

Luckily, it wasn't swamped with a ton of people like I thought it would be.  I walked straight in and there were a few people seated and another few lined up to order.  It was awesome how the cashier would talk to each customer as if he's known them for a while.  First names of each customer were said at least three times before they were done ordering.  That's very impressive.  But, that is the difference between a mom and pop's shop and a big corporation fast food chain.  It's more personal.

My boss and I ordered the same lunch, #4, Build Your Own!  We decided to get four fried strips, baked Mac and cheese, garlic bread, two sauces, and regular drink all for $5.75 plus tax.  :D  I was excited to take this back to the office and just devour it as the aroma was teasing me and calling out my name.

As soon as I got back to the office, we sat down and I just delved in as though I hadn't eaten in a month. What can I say?  I love to pig out.  To describe my meal:  A swirl of rainbows just came over me as I bit in to the chicken strip.  The breading was so lightly crisp and the meat was just so tender; the seasoning, was just right.  It didn't even need sauce, but I got the BFG sauce which is like a Thousand Island dressing with more zest to it and Ranch.  Mmmmm... you are just so yummy!  I'm still imagining it right now.  The baked Mac and cheese was heavenly too with gooey cheese of awesomeness!  That garlic bread was one of the best garlic breads I've had with lots of flavor and the right texture when biting in to it.  I'm closing my eyes as I'm typing this and reminiscing Tuesday's lunch.  

My boss even said, "Good call on lunch!"  Yup, I got brownie points that day.  Thank you BFG!  Now I have to figure out what to eat for lunch today.  I hope it'll be equal or top this lunch.
WINNER, WINNER, CHICKEN FINGER!!!!!!   KFC??? nope....Cane's??? not even close....BFG???? DING DING DING DING DING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Jin and his crew have got something for everyone.....

Baked, Fried, or Grilled, the choice is yours on how you want your chicken fingers prepared....So far, I've only  had my fingers fried and those are some tasty katsu fingers!!!!

The sides come BFG'd as well...Baked Mac and Cheese, Fries, or Griled veggie skewers that can be mixed or  matched. Each combo comes with garlic bread, TWO sauces of your choice, AND a drink ...The Wasabi Cream Sauce is my favorite, which tastes exactly like honey mustard slightly infused with wasabi. for $5.75 you seriously can't go wrong....ALOHA!!!
This is a new favorite from my usual Mr. Sandwich lunch spot. I love Mom and pop restaurants because the owners really care about the product they dish out. 

Tin and Jin are the brains to this Asian influenced chicken joint. What's not to love of their fried chicken strips, fries, garlic bread AND a drink for $5.75. That's a steal in my book. The Panko crusted chicken tenders reminds me of a thick Chicken Katsu. The fries are insanely addictive with sweet chilli sauce and wasabi cream sauce so be careful! Also, I do appreciate how the fries remain crispy for extended an extended period of ESPN Sportscenter. 

Next visit baked chicken and mac n cheese.
Great place, great food, great price and super friendly staff. We headed here after visiting the Spring Preserve.  A perfect finish I must say. And our little baby girl loved their chicken...which is why I have to give this place 5 stars. Sophie is very picky with food. She never eats any chicken. We tested it the very next day. I tried to feed her some chicken from Souplantation..Boy was I wrong. She spit it out right away. Awesome BFG! We will definely be back. Even if the drive is a bit further away for us.
Heee...I see you got that Bibimbap special..Heheee..I will put it on my wish list for the next visit...LOL
I've been meaning to come for a long time. I pass by it all the time to/from work and it's either too early or too late.

Jin greets us and like what most Yelpers said asked for our names and asked if it's our first time.

BF and I both got the "Create Your Own" combo with fried strips, mac and cheese and each a wasabi sauce, BFG for me, and sweet chili for him. 

While we were waiting he asks, "are either of you Yelpers?" I thought it was rather curious question but I said "yes". He then explained that it's because he noticed a pattern of ordering that first timers who get what I got tend to be Yelpers because they read what is considered the "best".  On the way there I was reading the reviews and he's right.....and about 10 of the reviews are people I know. Haha. So there- they know youre a Yelper if you're getting the "best of" box. Then he asked about us and told us a bit about himself and Tin. 

The strips were juicy, crispy and not oily at all. I love they have a variety to sauces to suit your mood to dress it up but even alone it was nicely seasoned. I loved the wasabi sauce..a little bit of zing and a bit of sweet. The chili sauce is not that thai chili sauce from the bottle and was tasty with a hit of cilantro in it. BFG has a good tang. Garlic bread has slices of garlic on it. Yay! I kinda eat a lot of garlic so it makes me happy (sorry if I sit next to you while I sweat, haha). Mac and cheese is very cheesy and gooey. I hate when baked gets dry but this had a lot of cheesy goodness. If this was open late then I'd probably never go to Cane's. We only go there because it's fresh and open late. I'll steal my Yelp bestie Angela H.'s word- it's "normalicious". Delicious, doing simple comfort food right. 

As we were sitting there enjoying our food, Jin came to check on us and refill drinks so even though its counter service, they sit wait on peoples tables. We also listened to convos and he greeted a few people coming in by their name. If he remembers everyone that's pretty impressive. 

We'll find out the next time we come in.
(sigh)
Let us pause for a second.........that was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I will forever be converted; I am no longer a Rasing Canes follower.  Well, probably not the whole truth but BFG was off the charts money!!!

Down to the business:
~Both my husband and I ordered the #1:  4 well seasoned, baked chicken strips, baked macaroni and cheese, & garlic toast. Came with a drink and 2 dipping sauces.  Our combined total was $12 and change.
~My brother ordered the same combo but instead of the baked chicken he had the fried.  Sister in law ordered the salad with grilled chicken.  Their total....$12 and change.

Here's why I'm in LOVE....
~The mac 'n' cheese is like creamy YUMMY goodness, and the portion was perfect.  Sometimes I go places and they never give me enough, in this instance I was pleasantly HAPPY!
~Both the baked and panko fried chicken was oh so freakin' AMAZING!  I have never tasted anything like those fried strips before, ever!
~Oh the DIPPY SAUCES......... =)
I can go anywhere and get ranch or honey mustard, so obviously I wanted something more unique in flavor.  I had the WASABI CREAM and SWEET CHILI sauce..........off the charts!!!
~The prices are great!
~The service was on point!
~It's around the corner from my house, so how the hell do you beat that?!?!?

=)

Go there........disappointment will NOT follow!
I am a huge fan of this tiny chicken joint. Any restaurant I can eat at when I am dieting AND when I am not dieting gets bonus points. All combos are under $6 and come with four nicely sized chicken strips, a side, garlic bread, two sauces AND a drink! Everything is made fresh to order which I love. I ordered the #2 because I am not dieting today:) It was Fried Strips with a generous portion of crispy fries(yum). My sauce selection was Ranch and Sweet Chili. Both were sooooo good, but I was left wanting to try all the other sauces! I did also taste the macaroni and cheese which was the perfect marriage of cheese and pasta that melted in my mouth. (Double yum) The crispy Panko crust on the chicken was a nice touch to separate them from their competitors. The way I see it, BFG is the BFD and blow the other chicken strips out the water. Lastly I must add that the personalized customer service makes me feel special and I like that. It's clean, fast, affordable and downright tasty! You will see me at BFG's again very soon to start filling up my punch card for a free meal! Delicious guys!
As others have explained, their menu is very limited, offering only 3 types of chicken strips (baked, grilled or fried) and 3 types of sides (baked mac n cheese, grilled veggies or french fries)... and all combos come with Texas Toast.  Oh and I think they offer a salad too, but I didn't even look at that. haha

For our first BFG experience, there were 3 of us, so we thought we should try all 3 types of chicken fingers.  We ordered 3 combos -- the baked, the fried, and the grilled.  None of us wanted to be healthy and have the grilled veggies, so we subbed another order of mac n cheese on that one.

To our surprise (being the fried chicken strip lovers we are), we all decided the GRILLED strips were the best!  I think because we were comparing the fried ones to Raising Cane's.  Sorry, guys, but I do think Cane's has ya beat in that department.

BUT... Cane's doesn't offer delicious, creamy mac n cheese baked in a cute little individual-sized bowl.  And they don't offer.... drum roll.... NINE DIPPING SAUCES.  Mmm mmm... we got to try 6 of them and they all made our chicken finger experience EXTRA deelish.  I especially loved the wasabi cream sauce (thanks to all the Yelp recommendations for that)! They were all really good, though.  Can't wait to go back and try the rest.

As everyone has mentioned already, the owners are SUPER nice and make ya feel very welcome.  In fact... yes you can call me anti-social and I'll probably get blasted for this.... but I kinda thought Jin was a little TOO nice.  I love eating somewhere where the person behind the counter actually cares about pleasing the customer.  I really do.  But I also think there's a fine line between being friendly and being annoying.  Jin was teetering on that line throughout our lunch.

I do think it's impressive how he really makes a point to learn everyone's names, but I'd really be ok if he didn't keep saying my name (followed by a question) every 3 or 4 minutes while I'm trying to eat and socialize with my family.  Know what I mean?

We'll definitely be back, though. Good chicken, great prices, friendly people.  I wish them great success.
I have to eat lunch at least once a week.  My employees more like 4 or 5 times!

Lovin' the old #2 combo for $5.75.  And a frequent flyer card to go with it! Yay!

Keep up the good work boys!  Have a great 2011!
No, for reals! BFG, man! B... F'ing... G!

I've been itching to come here for the longest time, but since it isn't close to my house, my visit has been delayed, but since my gf and I were on vacation for winter break, we placed BFG on our Go-To list and we should've placed it on our Go-To list a few more times!  After reading the rest of my fellow Yelpers' reviews, I already decided on what to order before I even went there.  And when my gf and I showed up here and ordered without even having to look at the menu twice, Jin, the co-owner, knew we were Yelpers!  How cool!

I ordered the #2: Baked Chicken, Baked Mac and Cheese, and garlic toast with Sweet Chili and Cheese.  My gf ordered the #3: Fried Chicken, Baked Mac and Cheese, and garlic toast with Wasabi Cream and BFG sauce.  It was semi busy so Jin gave us a heads up that the food might take a minute and I thought that was cool that he was honest about it.  I saw the other owner, Tin, working up a sweat cooking in the back, but he was never too busy to give a welcoming smile and hello to everyone who came in.  I sat there and looked around and noticed how very welcoming and friendly Jin was with everyone who came in.  He called everyone by name and the best thing about it was that he remembered everyone!  He made sure everyone's drinks were full and had small talk with everyone like they were best friends!

When we got our food, we dug right in! Wasabi cream and Sweet Chili is THE BEST SAUCE EVER!  Definitely memorable and kills my other favorite Cane Sauce.  The chicken was perfectly cooked because even if it was baked, it wasn't dry, but full of juice and flavor!  The mac and cheese was a great addition to the baked chicken and complemented my palette! After we devoured our food, we had some small talk with Jin and got to know him a little bit more.  He even asked to take our photo when we finished our food!

The best part about our visit to BFG wasn't just the delicious chicken and friends, but the hospitality and winning attitude shared by Jin and Tin!  I wish you the best of luck and look forward to the future surprises that BFG has to offer!  The food was soo good, I had to order some to-go to bring home for my mom to try! BFG, son! And wha!?
Very delicious chicken strips here.  They have 3 main options, baked, fried, and grilled(obviously, hence the name).  I tried the fried as my buddy tried the baked.  Very juicy and tender, and most importantly not too oily.  They have a large variety of sauces from buffalo, ranch, teriyaki to custom made sauces wasabi cream, and BFG.  Very delicious for the price and if you're craving for some chicken fingers id definitely recommend this place.

Service was probably the key selling point here as the owner/manager Jin i believe, was really nice and outgoing.  Small businesses like these makes me want to provide them with much support.
BFG will make you go OMG, cuz it's the freakin BFD, when it comes to chicken strips!

{B}aked
{F}ried
{G}rilled

Such a simple concept, easy menu, hella cheap yet so BFD delicious!  The combos, not sure why they have numbers since it's pretty much 4-strips with your choice of cooking style, 2 sauces, a side, bread and a drink for $5.75 but I suppose every resto needs to have combo numbers!  I choose to "F" it, got it with Honey Mustard and Buffalo Sauce and Mac & Cheese as a side.

First off, I'd like to say that I was way impressed with their Mac & Cheese.  It's handcrafted, made fresh and baked to order, no Kraft Mac & Cheese here!  You can also order it on the side for like under $2.00 which is a steal!  It was so delicious and screamed comfort food.  Now for the chicken strips, they were seriously delicious!  Again, fresh and cooked to order but boy were they were crisp!  If I had to guess, they use a Panko type of batter?  Honey Mustard was good, the Buffalo is no joke but I tried a bit of the s/o's Wasabi.  Okay...I was apprehensive of the Wasabi as I'm not a Wasabi kind of guy but GET THE WASABI SAUCE!!!

Also, I've gotta say, the dude that took our order was really awesome.  Not sure if he was the owner or what but damn, talk about freakin superior customer service and total customer engagement!  He was able to remember everyone's names that were eating in the resto at that particular time and got into genuine social conversation with everyone.  How I know it was genuine?  He asked how did we hear about BFG, we told him a cousin from San Diego visted a few weeks ago and told us to check it out.  He was like, "Oh, was it Jeff?" DAMN!  Not only does he serve chicken strips but he does magic here too!  ;)

BFG is going to go F-A-R.  I'm sorry I didn't catch the dude's name but it's all good, we'll be back, for sure!!!
Loved the warm welcome from Jin. Loved that Food Network's Iron Chef was on one tv, football on the other. :-) Place was crowded at 5:30. Got the grilled chickie strips w/ wasabi n sweet chili sauces. Mac n' cheese is like the velveeta kind. Was comfort-foodin' it since it was 25 degrees outside and the mac-n-cheese was steaming hot.  

The great part about this resto, besides the above, is that you can dial in how healthy you want to eat. Go grilled chicken, steamed veg and/or salad and you're on track. Feelin' a little carbie/cheesy - mac/cheese and garlic bread. Want to get your fried grub on, there you go - fried strips. 

I like having options. Don't we all? 
Grilled with wasabi and chili sauce! Da bomb! I'll be seein' ya, Jin.
Awesome food. My girl friend and I had the baked special and the fried special great food, love the Asian influence on the fried Strips creamy wasabi well enough said, staff was great, friendly, and fast. All food was fresh and cooked right there. Overall great place to go.
Healthy or not? Hey this place has both, if your looking for your chicken to be fried or baked or grilled this is the spot to be. Not only great tasting chicken but the service is amazing. 

As my daughter and I both walked in we were greeted and he knew instantly that we have never been there so he explained the menu, which is pretty basic. I ordered the number 1 which was the baked chicken pieces) with mac n cheese and a drink. YUM! I ordered my daughter the kids menu which she picked grilled chicken (2 pieces) and french fries. As for the sauces there are a lot of choices I might say from your basic ranch to some Wasabi sauce, which I find interesting with chicken wings. I got ranch (yeah I know boring) and the BFG which is kind of like Raising Cane sauce. The Mac and Cheese was nice and cheesy and not that cheap microwavable mac and cheese.
Very good, I had the baked wings and MAc and cheese and I really liked it. The service was really good and friendly as well. I will return to try the other wings.
PUT SOME WASABI CREAM IN YO MOUTH!!

Came here with my yelp-izzles a couple weeks ago. LiLy D and I popped our BFG cherries. Elnino F was back for round 2. 

Owner Jin Choe asked us for our names and he remembered that we had actually met a week earlier when he was picking up food from Soyo where me and a group of the yelp-izzles were getting our drink on. I noticed that he was on a first name basis with all his customers. That's what's up!

What I ordered:

#1
-4 Baked Strips
-Baked Mac & Cheese
-Garlic Bread
-2 Sauces (I picked Wasabi Cream and Buffalo)
-Reg. Drink (Arnold Palmer)

Everything was yummy yummy in my tummy. The Wasabi Cream sauce was the bomb-diggity!! 

The service was excellent. Jin came around numerous times to make sure everything was alright and that our sodas were topped off. I will mos def come back to try other items from the menu and the whatever the weekly special is.

Thanks for dinner LiLy!
Finger lickin' chicken chicken - what combo you be pickin'?! 

Not Canes! 

Best " strip club" around!  Premium, juicy breast to give Spearmint Rhino some envy. Something wrong with you if you don't check out those breasts and not lick yo lips. 

I've been back with the BF for some BFG love and back with my Yelperazzi family. Something simple sometimes is the best food. Goooooo Tin! Please keep feeding us nomlicious strips (Gotta slap some Yelpers for not giving enough love to the guy in the kitchen). 

I tried something different with the Yelpizzles and got the bibimbap special ($5.25). It was pretty solid with a variety of fresh and crisp veggies and nicely marinated chicken with a perfectly fried egg. 

Apparently there are four weekly specials on rotation: bibimbap, teriyaki bowl, hot chick sandwich, and chicken nachos. I will update as I try the other 3 specials, salad, and baked chicken.

I already have a favorite down though- crispy strips, grilled veggies and wasabi cream and sweet chili. 

Thanks- Jin, Tin, Jin's sister (we didnt get your name) and the ladies cutting up the chicken in the back for your work and hospitality. 

We're hooked!
Great food, great ownership, great prices.  Support local small businesses!
Hit BFG Chicken Strips this weekend.  

This place is great !  Tried the baked strips, grilled veggies,  wasabi cream and BFG sauce  $5.75 and it includes a coke ( or was it $5.25 ?? ) either price is a steal for what you get.

GF got the grilled strips and those were equally tasty to the baked - will try the fried someday.  Just wish the place was closer to my pad .

BTW - service is top notch and it's great to see the owners making the effort !
You know what?  Options are nice, but man...get outta here w/that baked or grilled stuff.  Go Fried.  Forget the B and the G.  F it.  

Their chicken strips looked and tasted panko-encrusted (japanese bread crumbs)...and that- folks, is what sets them apart from the rest.  Sounds basic enough, but its genius in the most simplistic form.  The chicken is moist, the breading is crisp, the dips are fantasmo. (you get your choice of 2)  Their mac n cheese is a mentionable, especially if you like yours baked.  Be careful though, it's extremely hot when it comes out.

They also serve weekly specials, and my friend ordered the bibimbap.  A Korean dish made up of chicken, vegetables, rice, eggs, and a chili sauce.  Each ingredient in bibimbap is separated and pretty at first glance, but you'll have to mix it up and ruin the picture in order to eat it correctly.  Their bibimbap is pretty decent.  

The service?  Awesome.  Jin was taking orders at the cashier, and upon encounter, we were fast friends.  By the time he came around to each table to check on the customers (provided they weren't too busy) we were BFF's.  He'll make you feel special.  He'll give you stickers.  He'll dance for you.  (ok so he didn't dance but I bet he would if you asked).

So now when my friend asks me if I wanna go to "The Strip" I'll be thinkin BFG.  And Jin.  And Tin.  And Sister Tin.  And 2 other Sister Tin's who slave in the back preppin stuff.

"Tin is the cook who makes your stomach happy.  Jin is the one who gives your face wrinkles" - Jin
Hey YELP........can I get a 10 star rating please!?!?!?
My "check-in's" here don't accurately depict how often I enjoy this food.  My family is now down with the BFG, and my brother brings it home REGULARLY! 
New highlights:
~THE WEEKLY SPECIAL.........oh my!
This week it's chicken nachos and last week it was BiBimBap..........well done guys, WELL DONE!!!
=)
I can't get enough of this place!
Was just introduced to this place... and it is just down the road from my office.  DIGGIN IT!  The food and service were excellent.  I got there at a pretty lively time, place was almost full... still had staff coming over to check on my food and asking if I wanted a refill.

Try it... you'll like it!
Looooove it! would eat here more if it was appropriate to have chicken fingers everyday. Get the fried strips (my fav) with grilled veggies (if you are feeling healthyish) or the most awesome mac and cheese. Love the wasabi cream sauce. Family owned, small business. Good people, make you feel welcomed always. Check it out.
Here's a nice little local gem in the Las Vegas area that serves homestyle chicken strips. When you order, they include 2 different sauces with the meal. I had the ranch and the honey mustard but my friend ordered the wasabi cream. Man, was the wasabi cream the bomb-diggity.

I ordered the standard fried chicken strips with Mac-and-cheese and a small piece of garlic toast. I'm usually not big on mac-and-cheese but theirs was so so tasty. I know it's bad for you but it was oooh sooo good for the soul. The owner is very friendly and walks around and takes the time to make sure that everything meets with your approval and also satisfies the taste buds. They have different specials of the week and this week it happened to be the chicken nachos. Wish I could have sampled that but I will definitely do that on my next business trip to Las Vegas. 

All-in-all, you will not be disappointed when you come here. Great food, great value, and great service. Where can you go wrong?
Totally legit.  Panko crusted chicken strips perfectly cookied and seasoned.  Didn't get anything except the fried strips - not sure why'd you go baked or grilled. Eff that - go with the tastiest option.

Mac and cheese was decent as well.  Looking forward to trying their rice bowls, nachos, and korean dish who's spelling I don't want to butcher.  Owner is nice and friendly - though I personally didn't feel like talking that day so he probably thought I was rude.  

Check it out!  Delicious.
After all the recent raves, I have been dying to try BFG! My husband went and picked up 2 to go combination platters.
Mine had 4 of the fried strips, a side of the mac & cheese, a slice of garlic bread . I chose the Wasabi cream & thai chili sauce. My husband got the same except he got the fries.
Wow!  I like Canes strips but these taste so much better!  The panko breading is perfect. The strips were juicy and not one bit greasy!  The wasabi cream was as everyone described.  The thai chili sauce was good and would probably be perfect with the grilled or baked strips.

The mac & cheese was super delish-rich & creamy!  The fries were good as was the garlic bread.  In the future I think I would love to just order a platter of strips with a buffet of sauces!  

Definately a good value as well!  Thank goodness this place is less than 2 miles away!
I could devour a bucket of these! Throw in some mac & cheese & their garlic bread for instant food coma! Pick 2 of any of their sauces & enjoy that food coma with a big grin on your face.

Tender & juicy baked chicken, lightly seasoned, as the sauces steal your palate away for ride down ecstasy lane. Could use a little bit more browning but it still tastes great. 

Fun lil thing to do with your sauce selections. MIX them together! Sweet Chili & Wasabi Cream = explosive sweetness! Top it off with a generous portion of baked mac & cheese & garlic bread as sides, its OD heaven!

What makes this place push into the 5* category, is they take extra step to make sure the clientele is pleased with the food as well as feeling comfortable coming back for more. Prompt, very friendly & observant.

This is possibly the first place I've observed taking the extra step of individually wrapping each item on a togo order so it stays hot. And sure enough when I unpacked it after the 15min rush home it was still HOT! 

Locally owned, family run (from my impression), my new friday evening stop.
This place kicks ass!! 

Such a simple idea, but it's done sooo well. The strips are cooked to order and delicious. They have a ton of sauces, so no matter what you like to dip the strips in, you've got it! The owner is amazing, he makes a big effort to remember everyones name and is really attentive (walks around and does refills when the cash register slows down). My favorite is the weekly specials they offer, especially the chicken nachos...YUM!! Now I am a huge sucker for fake cheese nachos and these are fantastic fake cheese nachos! This has quickly become a favorite for lunch, quick, can be healthy if you can avoid the perfectly fried strips and heavenly baked mac n cheese, and super affordable.
These guys are friends of mine, but putting friendship aside.... I've tried a lot of chicken strips from canes to the bar to yard house... and these are the BEST fresh and crispy, the sauces are creative and innovative the only thing that I can say negative is that there not closer to my house... but trust me its worth the drive!!!! love it!! p.s. the hot chicks are my favorite..
wow this place was a disappointment...its rated so well...the baked chicken pieces were bland and the grilled veggies had a strange taste from the pannini press they were cooked on...the only good thing was the mac and cheese was okay...and the sweet chili sauce was the best thing that was served. the portion size is snack size also...dont know what all the yelp buzz about this place is...not for me. inka chicken grill is in the same shopping center go there instead.
Wow... Bretty F*ckin Good.. (Inside Joke) this place was awesome!! The price is great.. the service is great.. and the food was great.. what more can you ask for?!
I'm not so much of a fan of fried foods, but I must say that their fried chicken strips are SOOOOO GOOOOOD!!! 

I ordered the bibimbap and baked mac n cheese, and my friend ordered the fried chicken strips and baked mac n cheese.  I had to try her chicken strips because she kept saying 'MMmmmm!' after every bite! And man... 'MMmmmmm!' is RIGHT!! I tried it w/ the wasabi cream and with the BFG sauce.  The wasabi cream was better, in my opinion.  The bibimbap was really good, too but I think my next visits will be strictly for the chicken strips!  (Whenever I actually have a craving for something fried!)  And the baked mac n cheese is also real good.  I don't know what they use for their breading, but it is just so good I can't explain. LOL!
my coworkers and i order from here at least once a month! it's close to work and the food is pretty darn good... what's best is the PRICE!! you get chicken made your way (B,F or G), side of yummy mac & cheese and a sode for pennies!! well... not really pennies, but less the $10! :) they are always extremely friendly and give great customer service! check it out! you won't be disappointed!!
I know- how many flippin' review updates am I gonna do?!

But it's a BFG first (I think) to have a fan family.

It's already known the BF and I already love this place but we brought mom and grandma so their opinion matters.....the place is mom and grandma approved! My mom in law likes their mac n cheese a lot and for a person who doesn't like chicken, admits this is pretty good chicken. Grandma has been wanting chicken strips and she loved it. She's already talking about coming back. 

We also shared the chicken nachos so I'm 2 of 4 on the specials. Pretty good and a decent portion for $3.25. We all had a plate so we were sttuuuuffffeeeddd, but Jin totally pulled my leg to get it (thanks- I will get it again). 

The chicken strip phenomenon still perplexes me- so simple but it's crazy how much people it attracts. I love it so I am not complaining. Now I'm keeping an eye on Tin because there has to be some magical voodoo dust in the panko. I have not met a person with bad things to say about BFG yet I've met people who will talk shit even about Joel Robuchons food. One of my friends from Los Angeles knows about BFG and I wasn't the one who told them...seems like the chicken did more than cross the road. 

Vegas now and onto west coast domination?
Good food great price and customer service. A bigger dining room could serve them well.
After reading all the fantastic reviews on BFG, the husband and I decided to head over there for some winner, winner chicken dinner...err lunch.

The place is small, but luckily a table walked out just as we entered so we were able to grab a seat.  There are a total of like 6 combos that you can order, or you can order a la carte or a special.  The husband ordered the #1- four baked chicken strips, baked mac & cheese, two sauces (ranch & BBQ), garlic bread and a coke.  I had the special- Chicken Nachos.

I am on the once a week Taco Bell Nacho Bell Grande kick for the past month. (don't ask me why!  they just taste so good!) and these chicken nachos kicked its ass.  Chips, cheese, chicken, pico, sour cream, beans, scallions... delicious!

The husband liked his combo #1 and I also liked his mac & cheese.  Thank god he didn't eat it all and I get to have lunch off of it tomorrow! :)

I think it was the owner, Jin, who was very attentive and walked around to the tables to make sure that everyone was taken care of.  When we walked in, he asked "this is your first time, right?".  WOW!  He definitely knows his customers.

We will definitely be heading back to try more!
Honestly I would say  BFG is a  2.5  (I always round up.)

The location itself is very small. Upon walking in you can tell its a High Schooler hang out. Which is kind of a bummer seeing how there was a group of HS kids that took up half of the whole restaurant. 

The prices are very affordable. But the food I thought was lacking. Mind you I haven't tried the entire menu but over all I found it lacking. The fried strips are tempura style. They are light and crisp but in the end I have had many more flavorful tempura encounters. I will say that I enjoyed the grilled fingers but they weren't anything to write home about. With your fingers you get to choose 2 sauces. Based on other reviews I chose the wasabi cream and sweet chili. The wasabi cream had the taste of wasabi but no kick. The kick being the only reason I like wasabi made this sauce very disappointing. The sweet chili sauce was very flavorful and tasted great with the grilled strips and fries. Last but not least was the Mac and Cheese which was incredibly bland. As soon as I tasted it I knew what was missing; onion. But I guess I shouldn't expect such things from a restaurant such as this.  

The highlight of this establishment is the owner; Jin. He is very friendly and talks to all his customers and even remembers your name from previous visits. But after being here twice I don't think I will revisit. 

The bottom line is: They serve affordable food aimed towards teenagers and broke college students. Great service but mediocre food. Common sense states "You Get What You Pay For."

Happy Eating,
Jace
2nd time getting take-out from BFG.  On accident the hubby  ordered me the "baked" chicken...I thought it was blah & a tad too "wet".  Luckily the hubby traded me for the fried.  They were as delicious as I remembered.   The hubby said he would not order the baked again either.   

He also ate the side of fries and the grilled veggie sticks.  He thought the veggie sticks were "just right"-not too hard-not too soggy!  The fries were fine (I'm not a fan-mac & cheese next time for sure). 

Still loving the Wasabi cream sauce.  Hubby chose Honey Mustard -he gave it 2 wings up. 

We'll be back...
The owner was very welcoming and personable.  He called us by our names the whole time we were there and would ask if we wanted refills.  

We tried the #1 and the chicken nachos.  The nachos were very tasty and crunchy,  while the mac n cheese was creamy and some of the cheese on top was crunch (yummy!).  We preferred the breaded chicken strips over the baked.  You get to choose from a long list of dipping sauces.  I would definitely come back!
************SEX SUBSTITUTE************

There's plenty of reviews to tell you how great the food is. I am ashamed I have waited this long to hit this place up. 

I woke up this morning dreaming of the crisp, moist, juicy goodness. 

In addition to the sexcellent strips, we were treated to Jin educating 3-4 teens on the importance of going to college.  There were no eyes rolling.  These younstas took everything in with BFG glazed eyes. The teens, kids, Sr citizens love him. He is definitely the everyday people person who could relate to anyone.

BFG - not only can u get drug-like addictive food but you can also drop your kids off for youth counseling............................................... All this... One chicken strip at a time!!!!!
After seeing the rave reviews on Yelp, I decided to give BFG a try.

I ordered the #1 which consisted of 4 baked chicken strips, mac & cheese, garlic bread, and a drink. All for $5.75. You can't beat that!

The mac and cheese was served in its own aluminum serving bowl. It was piping hot. I loved the melty goodness. It was rich with melted cheese on top. Mmm, mmm good!

The garlic bread was delicious, garlicy goodness.

The chicken strips were smallish but good. They come with two sauces and I selected sweet chili and wasabi cream. The sweet chili had a nice balance of sweet and spicy. I really enjoyed the wasabi cream which had a little kick and was quite delicious.

I will definitely be back. I have already recommended BFG to a few people it was so good.
Went there with my family after reading all the reviews and the place is very clean (including bathrooms! - good job!), and the owner is about as nice as they come. We each tried something different, Baked, Fried, Grilled and I had the BiBimBap. Everything was excellent and cooked to order. The best was probably the fried strips, very light with perfect crunch. 

I took one star off (wish it could be 1/2 star) because portions could have been a tiny bit bigger. I will definitely go back again when in Vegas.
Super great prices, homemade quality and feel, very friendly staff.  These folks simply got it right.

Like the fried better than the baked chicken strips.  The mac and cheese is the bomb and so is the garlic bread.  Portion sizes are good too and my wallet always smiles when I go here.  That said, I could've eaten two of their meals at one sitting, but I simply didn't want to look like a pig.

Thumbs WAY UP for BFG!
The owner Jin is awesome! Great customer service.

This place is about 15 mins off the strip...worth the trip.

Ordered the weekly special at the time, which was Chicken Nachos without the refried beans and BF had the Fried Combo. Both were fantastic! The chicken strips were moist and not covered in flour like most chicken strips I have tried. And the fries were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside and had a slight flavor to it. Got the ranch and honey mustard dips. The honey mustard dip was fantastic with the chicken as well as the fries. The Chicken Nachos should remain on the menu as they were just...that good! The chicken had seasoning and the pico de gallo went well with it...The only complaint I have is I wish there was more nacho cheese as I love nacho cheese.

Would definately come back when I am in Vegas!
Super clean, nice staff, free drink refills.
Kids loved the fried chicken strips - made w/ Panko breading so it's light on the fried taste.
I don't know, I really really wanted to love this place with all my heart.  I even rode my bike there one day to have lunch and I was mortified when they were closed on mondays so I ate at port a subs across the street in misery.  

Be warned I am going to make a comparison to canes, I fell like it's fair because they are obviously copying them a bit, which is okay with me.   

So I give strips themselves like 3 stars maybe 2, I just love canes so much and I always compare everything to them.  When you get down to the nitty gritty the food is better at canes, I like the batter better and the sauce is awesome.  BFGs panco breading just dosen't do it for me and the chicken isn't as tender, it does however come out fresh, crispy, and not greasy.  I think at BFG they cut strips out of breasts instead of using chicken tenders and this is probably part of the culprit. The garlic toast is small but tasty, canes delicious texas toast is better still as well as their fries.  

Now there is a lot of redeeming points this place has, so many I have to make a list;

*Healthy versions, but the baked kind of sucked, the grilled was decent

*Many many sauces, some better that others

*Pretty delicious mac and cheese

*Service, AMAZING, seriously when I left I felt like the owner was my BFF

*Dirt cheap

I struggled on whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  Here is the breakdown

Strips 2.5 stars

Other food 4 stars

Service 5.5 stars

Value 5 Stars

So that is an average of 4.25 stars so 4 it gets I guess, for some reason I still want to give them 3.
"#1 Restaurant Best of Yelp" Need I say more?.. I'm on my way!

Came here on a Sunday evening, they were half full but no wait. The Gentleman at the counter, Jin was Extremely Personable and guessed that I was a Yelper! Haha, nice. I found that he was the owner and his partner/owner, Tin was handling the backend/cooking. I did go with the Combo #1 with Grilled Chicken Tenders/Strips with the Wasabi Cream sauce and the suggested Sweet Chili sauce. It also came with Mac N Cheese, a slice of Garlic Bread and a Drink. All for under 6 bucks, Not bad.. Then, ordered their Special of the Day: "Hot Chick" - fried chicken tender, in a hotdog bun with their hot sauce and veggies.. Plus, I ordered a side of their baked chicken tenders and fried chicken tenders (just to have a taste of all the chicken variety they offered). And I also tried their buffalo and ranch sauces too.

My take on the items:

Baked Chicken Tenders: 3.5 Stars. Tasted healthy but didn't have much flavor.. The sauce took care of it though.

Grilled Chicken Tenders: 4/5 Stars. Mildly flavored, a bit sweet and tasty.

Fried Chicken Tenders: 5/5 Stars. The Breading (Panko?) was absolutely delicious with the chicken. Like a Tempura Chicken Tender!

Wasabi Cream Sauce: 3.5/5 Stars. Unique and mild wasabi flavor. Nice and creamy but didn't Wow me like I was expecting.

Sweet Chili Sauce: 4/5 Stars. Sweet, a tiny bit spicy , like a teriyaki type sauce. This was pretty good.

Buffalo and Ranch Sauces: 3/5 Stars. Both decent, as expected

Hot Chick (special): 3.5/5 Stars Think of Fried Chicken Tender hot dog with hot sauce and veggies. Not bad. But it did make me order more Fried Chicken Tenders!

Mac N Cheese: 4/5 Stars, Easy. Not the Best I've had but Way Better than KFC's! I think there were a couple different cheeses working together with that Nacho cheese oozing in the middle of it all! I'm a Fan!

Service was Superb, No Question! For a place like this, I never would of expected to feel like a V.I.P.! I think Jin asked me twice if I wanted a refill for my drink but Annie (the wife of Tin, the other owner) was quick to give me a refill before and after Jin already asked me.. Also, follow ups on the food and.. It goes on.. The Food and Value was better than Average. This Local Business Got My Support!!
I am not a chicken lover but I heard about this place so try this time.
I ordered combo meal #1 so I got chichen strips, garlic bread, mac& cheese and soft drink. I picked grilled chicken. It was moist enough not dried at all. I never like white chicken meat but this one is different.
Garlic bread was good and mac&cheese was baked well. I picked honey mustard and BBQ sauce. It was good, but I will try different sauce next time.
Also, staff was so friendly. 
Food is good service is good.
I'm definitely a fan...The quality of their grilled chicken is ridiculous. I've been to places where they grill the chicken and it ends up being too dry.  This place made it PERFECT!! the grilled chicken was still so juicy.  Great place, great group of staff, extremely good lunch experience :)
Ok, my review for BGF is looooong overdue (sorry Jin). Simply put, this place is AMAZING, puts a whole new element on how chicken tastes. The places before BFG were complete failures, so it's actually nice to see this place do so well.

The menu is extremely simple and effective, so it won't take you more than a few minutes to decide what you want.

Food is BOMB! And their weekly specials are also delicious. I'm particularly in love with the "Chicken Nachos", best nachos I have ever had. I usually get a number #2 and substitute the fries with the grilled veggies.

Service is some of the best from a place like this, thanks Jin & Tin! Prices are beyond reasonable. This place is just awesome!

BFG Chicken Strips is so awesome I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
I really enjoy BFG every time I go there. The prices are very reasonable. I usually get the meal that includes 4 pieces of chicken, a side, a piece of garlic bread and a drink. I like the Fried and the Grilled chicken. I'm not a big fan of the Baked. As far as the sides, I really love the Mac N Cheese. It's awesome! It always comes out really hot and it's just melty cheesy goodness. The fries are very good as well. For the health conscious out there, grilled veggies are available. I really like the garlic bread and I usually order an extra piece. I still haven't found dipping sauces that I really like yet. But there are many options so I'm sure I'll find a few I like. Also, the Chicken Nachos are awesome!! They alternate between 4 different specials on a weekly basis. 

Jin is always there working when I go, He's friendly and professional. Plus he's a cool guy. So props to him. The place is also conveniently right near my house. I usually do take out but there is also a small dining area. Can't really go wrong here. You owe it to yourself to try it out!
So I've been looking for a hole in the wall or a spot to grab a quick bite near the CSN Charleston campus during my lunch breaks. Looks like I found it! Ordered some strips with the wasabi sauce. Bomb. Dig. Nice panko style breading, thin crunchy fries, nice customer service from the asian brother (owner?) and the options of sauce as well the preparation of your chicken: grilled, baked or my personal favorite fried.. Definitely the go to spot if I'm craving some cheap eats. 

I think its about time we get rid of these corporate chicken chains or other fried chicken spots with their food chillin up under those heat lamps all dang day. Don't you?
Have to agree with the positive reviews posted about BFG Chicken Strips.  They serve a simple menu, but the execution of their chicken strips is spot on. Weather you order it baked, grilled or fried, it will be served hot, cooked and still moist inside. And Jin is seriously a master at friendly and personable customer service.

It is not rocket science, but when restaurants can deliver the winning combination of serving good food + exceptional customer service, it pretty much means the customer will have an awesome experience.  And for someone that dines out daily it really is a refreshing change to dine somewhere that do all the important things right. 

I tried Combo #1 (maybe not the "healthy" combo, but it certainly does pack a lot of tasty flavor).  The fried chicken strips were very good (my second favorite).  I also ordered 2 strips each of the baked and grilled chicken strips, just so I  can do a little taste test and find out my preferences.  I really love the grilled chicken, it has nice flavor and was nice and juicy.  The baked chicken was good, but came in last for me when compared to its grilled and fried brethren.

About the restaurant, it is small but still perfect for accommodating patrons dropping by for a quick meal break from work or school or the modern day hunter gathers here to pick up a little something for the rest of the family units impatiently waiting at home.  It has WiFi, in case you want to surf the web/blog about your visit on your new iPad 2 while you get some nourishment.  It is located in a large strip mall, so parking should not be an issue.

Tinh and Jin's Mom + staff, runs the kitchen, while Jin mans the cash register and handles customer service, 12 hr/day, 6-days a week. Pretty tough schedule running a small restaurant, but they do a great job!

Food: 5/5 They have the techniques down when it comes to making chicken strips.
Service: 5/5  There are more than one way to provide awesome service, and BFG has certainly mastered it.  I think even more established restaurants or potential restaurateurs can learn a thing or two about what great customer service is here.
Location:  Close to the Rainbow exit on the 95.
Parking: 5/5  The parking lot is large, it should not be a problem.
Stopped by for lunch because of all the great reviews they get on yelp. It's a simple lil' restaurant with a simple menu. As soon as we walked in, they were very nice. I got the grilled combo and my friend got the fried combo. The wasabi cream sauce is really good as is the sweet chili sauce. I loved the mac and cheese. It's a great place to grab lunch or a snack and get away from the craziness of the strip. It's in a shopping plaza and has mostly regulars coming in to eat. So, it's nice to escape all the tourists. I liked how nice all the staff was. It really makes a difference when a restaurant is family-owned. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definitely coming back here!
BFG definitely knows their chicken!!!!

After months of eying this place, we finally made it for a spur of the moment lunch. We wanted to actually stop by on Sunday, but thanks to Yelp, it told us that they were closed. I made my fiancé meet me up at BFG's for lunch today. It was definitely worth the drive and being late for work.  I walked in and #1 combo caught my eye....the mac and cheese sold me. The fiancé ordered the #2 combo. 

Service was pretty awesome. One of the owners noticed that we were newbies to BFG's and took the time to explain to us what the different selections of chicken were. He also came back repeatedly to check on how we were doing. For a "fast" food joint, that's some pretty dang good service. 

For the food, I definitely did not go wrong with the #1. The baked chicken was so tender and juicy, it makes my mouth water thinking about it. It was seasoned with a rotisserie spice and baked. Also, the fact that it's juicy white meat wins them the 5 stars. I am not a dark meat fan and for those dark meat lovers, this white chicken will have you fooled. I liked that you could choose the different sauces although I ate most of my chicken without sauce. Mac and cheese was definitely cheesy. I'm a cheese whore, so this definitely met my standards. I was able to try the fried chicken and it was tender and juicy inside. I do think I prefer the baked chicken over the fried chicken though BUT that's just MY opinion. 

Overall, the chicken is very delicious and anyone who hasn't tried this place is missing out. We definitely will be back for more baked and fried goodness. OH and it helps that they have a stamp card.....benefits of going repeatedly...I'll take a free meal anytime.
This is must try...it was the best simple food and yet extraordinary service I had yet here in vegas. Gin was awesome the owner/Staff  had a great convo and introduction to his company...The food was simply made but pounded with mmm so ono kine flavor (mm so good flavor). I ordered the Mac & Cheese and it was good also the weekly specially Hot Chick awesome...the reviews are true Great job
If you haven't already visited BFG chicken strips, you really have no idea what you're missing.

The fried chicken strips with the baked mac & cheese are absolutely awesome. I highly recommend the wasabi cream sauce as well as the sweet chili sauce.

This place is a great example of having a great product with great service.  Over the past 5 days I've been here 3 times and both the food and the service are consistently awesome. I'm sure Jin knows how this combination of great food and great service contributes to his business.  Although Jin first told me to close my eyes and the chicken strips would taste like passionfruit, marshmallows and masago, I was pleasantly surprised how good it all was.  The fried chicken strips are crispy and juicy and cooked to order and the baked mac & cheese is really creamy and delicious.  

BFG Chicken Strips may be a little hard to find as there is no street signage but it definitely worth looking for!  It's just south of the Home Depot on Rainbow between Alta and Charleston.  Drop in and say "Hi!".
It's a rare occurrence that I even post a review at all, so take it for what it is: that it is damn amazing... and I haven't even touched any food yet.

Now why can it be amazing? The service was awesome. It may be just talking to the guy and giving him a form of payment, but man does he make a conversation out of it. He even remembers a lot of the people that have come and gone, asks them how the days been, explains the menu... hell, the man pretty much did everything but explain to me how taxes work. That's called service.

(EDIT: HIS NAME IS JIN. I feel bad that I forgot the first time around. Sorry dude!!)

Anyway, let's move on to the actual food... 

 Imagine a juicy chicken strip that's moist on the inside and yet somehow crunchy and flaky on the outside. It almost doesn't seem possible (the close comparison always is Cane's, but I'll explain why that's an impossible comparison), but that's exactly what BFG has done with their Fried Chicken. It's almost unthinkable as to what madness occurred for this to be possible, but it's been done. Not only is their Fried chicken that moist, but pretty much everything else is as well. The Baked chicken strips were peppered with some seasonings and baked to perfection, it comes out very moist and tasty. I'm not one for Baked Chicken Strips, but I'd try it every once in awhile if it had come down to it.

In addition to the chicken, their sides are very well done. Naturally, if you like/love/adore/lust after Mac and Cheese, then dear god go for the Mac and Cheese; it's baked goodness in a tinfoil pie thing. Their salad was enjoyable, but if you're going there to get fried chicken in a salad, you really need to get some priorities in order and really just stop kidding yourself. 

Naturally the big kicker is their array of sauces. I'm officially a big fan of their "BFG" sauce, simply because it's got a bit of everything in the flavor spectrum in "BBQ, spicy, and sweetness." None of that made sense, but that's the only way to describe it. Their Honey Mustard is something unique as well, so if y'all love it, go for it.

All in all, BFG is a chicken place that I might very well swap for Cane's from time to time, because (1) It's good food; it's good chicken... and (2) It's closer to me than Cane's. I mean, I'll still go to both equally (Cane's is open longer, so that's always a reason I won't abandon Cane's), but somehow BFG will make it into my routine.

... oh, and having a stamp card helps too. (b^^)b =7

SIDENOTE: So I was saying why you can't compare Cane's Fried Chicken with BFG Fried Chicken... I (personally, ie. MY OWN OPINION) believe that you can't compare two different styles of fried chicken strips. Cane's uses a batter of some sort, whereas BFG uses more Panko bread crumb-type food source. It's like comparing Apples and Oranges; useless. You just need to know that Cane's is good and BFG is good too. (b^^)b
Just finished dinner from here and it was really good. Hubby got a #2 - fried chicken, fries and garlic bread and I got the #1 - grilled chicken, baked mac & cheese and garlic bread. I really liked both types of chicken so much that I can't decide which I liked better. I did really like the fact that the baked was really moist and the seasoning added some nice flavor even before the dips. I really liked the crunchy coating on the fried, like another review said it was very much like panko breadcrumbs, which was a change from a breading texture like I'm used to, but a good change. 
The fries were good and not greasy but OMG that mac & cheese was AWESOME! The noodles were well cooked, not mushy, and the sauce was creamy and mild but that stringy crust of shredded cheese on top was heaven - I would go just for a serving of the mac & cheese.
We tried 5 sauces: BFG, buffalo, honey mustard, wasabi cream and ranch. I really liked both the honey mustard (not too sweet or too tangy) and the wasabi cream (could probably use a little more wasabi but still good and different). The garlic bread was good nothing amazing but in no way bad.
Overall I really enjoyed everything we ordered and will be adding BFG into my normal roster of take out dinners!
When you do something this good you don't need a giant menu! I always get the Freid Strip, my Girlfriend gets the Grilled, and my Daughter the Baked, all are good, so is the salad. Jin remembers EVERY name of EVERY person that comes in, it's worth it to go there just to watch!
 Clean, and yeah maybe no real ambiance, but really, you're eating fast food, and it's better than any other fast food places.

Edit: Jin is gone. :( The food menu has changed, and I am not as crazy about it, although they still have Wasabi Cream. It's worth a try if you're in the nieghborhood, but I don't know if I would drive for hours anymore.
A very good experience, we got there at a good time and didn't have to wait in line very long.  As a friend recommended we went with the fried chicken strips and stole one of our kids' baked mac & cheese.  The food was very good!  Fries...well I'm sure they were great right out of the fryer, I made the mistake of going to the comic book store next door to it and spending a little too much time there.  I never like cold fries but I can't honestly say how they were fresh, Sweet Chili sauce and ranch were my choices, the sweet chili sauce was very good, ranch was great as well.  Kids enjoyed their food and the wife was pleased as well.  Jin was great, he is running a great operation there.
Found a great sauce I love. The sweet chili is a great blend of sweet and spicy! Also, I enjoy the teriyaki and the cheese dip. But that sweet chili is bomb! 

I forgot to mention earlier that they have Gold Peak tea, which I love!! I prefer the sweet tea but the green tea that they offer is pretty great too!
Honestly, I wasn't expecting much. A fellow Yelper recommended this place and I thought, how good could a chicken strip joint be? Well gadzooks was this place off the heezy. 

The service here was as impressive as the food itself. We were greeted by a nice gentleman who asked if this was our first time in. We said yes and he immediately asked if it was from Yelp reviews (nice!). Obviously he follows whats going on in the Yelp community. He gave us some details on the many dipping sauces they have and checked on us twice throughout our meal. There are sit down restaurants that don't do this! 

I never knew that selecting dipping sauces for strips could be so stressful. With the combo meals you get to choose two sauces (which is more than enough). I went with BBQ & the BFG sauce, my wife with the Ranch & Wasabi sauce. They have several sauces to choose from, next time I'll definitely try something different (these were great, but variety is the spice of life).

Now the chicken strips deserve a paragraph dedicated all to themselves. We made the mistake of both getting the Fried Chicken Strips. Next time we will mix it up and each get a B-F or G (not the same). For a whopping $5.75, yes, fie dollar an sevety fie cent, you get 4 chicken strips, a side, a piece of garlic bread, and a frosty coca-cola beverage. For rizzle. It's a glorious deal. When it came to sides there was no other option as they offered homemade baked Mac N' Cheese. Schweeet! Topped with mozzarella cheese it was ooeeey and gooey, two things M&C should always be. Back to the strips though. Their not your atypical fried chicken strips. They use panko bread crumbs which is a HUGE bonus in my book. They weren't drenched in grease. In fact after eating them I didn't feel that heavy sadness that normal chicken strips cause. The chicken was so moist and juicy it was actually dripping. The bread crumbs weren't overwhelming, but just enough to get the perfect amount of crunch in every bite. I can only imagine how awesome the Baked & Grilled strips are. A definite must next time. Key words are next time. We will be back. This place is rad! 

Go out of your way to try BFG Chicken Strips, I don't think you will be disappointed.
I think I'm in love with a chicken strip.

Frank M. wanted me to try this place out, and I decided to give his taste the benefit of the doubt.  He came home with a few orders and sauces, and when I opened it I was happily surprised.  The chicken strips are panko breaded, large, and the sauces are great!  I love their wasabi cream sauce the most, to be honest.  What makes their strips fantastique are the sauces and that panko.  Damn good.

Seasoned well, crunchy, and hot out of the fryer, these strips will make you dream for more the next day.  That's exactly what happened to me!  try it out.  Oh, and check online for their specials.  They change daily.
This place is different, but good. 

They offer combos for their chicken fingers. You can get them baked, grilled or fried. And they have Baked Mac + Cheese, French Fries and/or Grilled Veggies to combo your chicken choice with. Plus you get a garlic bread piece. These combos come out to about $6.

I got baked with Mac & Cheese. 

They say you get four chicken strips with your order, but with the baked, it seemed like I got a few more...which was a good thing because they were small. 

Seems like a very healthy alternative, especially if you go with the baked or grilled, plus the veggies. Not very exciting, but healthy. Plus, they have a good selection of  sauces for your strips...I guess this is where you try and add some excitement to your food and give your taste buds something to celebrate.
They use panko for the breading, which is awesome! Their chicken strips are crunchy but still juicy inside. Very friendly people and yummy chicken :D

Check out their weekly deals!
Different but in a good way. A most try. I love it but maybe some may not.
All around good place Jin the gentleman working the register knew just about every persons name sweet chili sauce was our fav mix w/ wasabi cream also is good
Everyone else has nailed it so I"ll keep it short.
BFG Chicken Strips is excellent for these reasons:

Variety (baked, fried, or grilled chicken strips)
Sauces (many great dipping sauces to choose from)
Service (the nicest people you'll ever meet)
Value (high quality, freshly made chicken strips for a very fair price)

Don't miss out on the hype, since it's all true.  Get your Chicken on Son!!
Love this place.  Jin is amazing and always makes sure you're taken care of.  The food is great and a really good value.
Still very good, I had the Hot Chick and it was really good. This $2 special is fried strip in a bun with a special sauce that tastes very familiar to the Hooters wing sauce. I also had to have the unreal Mac and Cheese. The hot chick was good except the bun must of been a little old since they were really dry. I am still fan and will keep returning.
Let's get right down to business shall we?

As a local it's hard to find a place in town that you enjoy eating at more than once a week before you really start getting sick of it, but when it comes to BFG, I just can't resist.

This place takes chicken strips and offers it up in three different styles, and if you couldn't guess from their name the styles are.. Baked, Fried, or Grilled. Each style comes with sides that are served up in the same way, for instance getting baked chicken strips combo will grab you a baked macaroni and cheese on the side which, by the way, is a really delightful treat.

If you don't want to have a preset combo, you have the option of getting a combo which consists of any style strips and any side that you'd like and if you're not down with any of those options, you can always have a salad with your style chicken in it.

For families, there is a kids meal!

Any of the main combo options will come with two dipping sauces of your choice and there is a pretty good variety offered. My favorites are the Wasabi Cream and the Honey Mustard.

I think the best thing about BFG is that they offer weekly specials which, of course, change every week. These are the things that keep me coming back for more. All of the specials offered are just awesome. My absolute favorite is the Bi Bim Bap which is a korean dish that, if I'm not mistaken, literally translates out to mix it up. It is amazing to say the least.

One of the most notable things about this place is the staff. I only had to visit one time for our main order taker, Jin, to remember my name. Since my first visit he's addressed me and all my friends by name and not only that, he makes an effort to remember all of his customers by name and I gotta say, he remembers 95% of them from what I've seen. It makes the venue feel more down to earth and that's always a plus.

If you're from out of town, I doubt you'd make time in your trip to drive about 20 minutes away from the strip just to grab some chicken but I believe that if you can, the extra effort will definitely be worth it.
Jin you are the man! Rock solid, rock star stuff, food, service, everything. Never disappointed. Try the sauce mixing yet? I will have that wasabi mac & cheese next time I'm there! LOL
So I visited the BFG establishment about a month ago and I have been agonizing ever since on how to find the words to describe how awesome this place is.  Had never heard of the joint before but based on the outstanding reviews I thought it deserved a visit.  My husband and I took my two nieces (ages 5 & 6) as anytime you ask what they want for dinner their response is chicken and french fries.  So they are essentially experts in this field.  

Upon arrival we were greeted by Jin.  May I just say if everyone ran their restaurants with the friendliness and attentiveness as Jin the world would be a better place.  I thought to myself if the food is as great as the service this place is a godsend.  Finally, a nice easy menu - would you like baked, fried, or grilled?  Simple enough.  The meals come with (4) strips, a side, garlic bread, two dipping sauces, and a drink for the bargain basement cost under $6 dollars!  The kids menu comes with (2) strips, one side, small drink, and one dipping sauce.  

We ordered the fried chicken strips meals (2) adults and (2) kids meals with macaroni & cheese.  Niece #1 decided to go rouge and ordered the french fries with her meal but after being "forced" to try the mac & cheese it was all over as she began sampling the mac & cheese from all of our plates.  Niece # 2 asked "How did they get the macaronis to taste so good?"  This is a question I am sure the gang at BFGs gets a lot.  For first timers I would recommend each getting a different preparation of the chickens to share... we had a rookie mistake that won't happen again.  

I will keep it short and sweet.  This is the real deal Holyfield.  Visit BFG's.. tell them Dana sent you.   

To Jin - how about we expand and open up a second location on our side of town ... or perhaps a food truck?  =)
The Skinny: great fried and grilled chicken with awesome unique dipping sauces with some so-so sides(4) Service: even though it's counter service, you get the warm and fuzzies when the owner makes it a point to get to know you (5) Value: a great plate of food (plus fountain drink) for only $5.75 plus get your 10th combo plate for free? - bring it on!(5)

Planted in a rather large strip mall, this place is rather inconspicious. Situated next to the Home Depot, there were plenty of people even at 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon waiting for their plate of fried goodness.  And what a plate of battered deliciousness it is!

Combo meals ($5.75 each) are easy. Choose your style of chicken (baked, fried or grilled) and your side (grilled veggies, salad, mac 'n cheese, french fries). Each meal comes with two house-made dipping sauces, a drink and garlic bread. We ordered two combo meals - 1 plate of fried chicken with a side of mac 'n cheese, 1 plate of grilled chicken on a bed of salad  and tried 4 different sauces. We also returned for a second run to try their fries and 3 other sauces (neither my hubs or I like Ranch).

The grilled chicken was wonderfully succulent, and had a nice flavour and texture - very similar to Korean barbeque. Fried chicken had a perfect consistency - tender and juicy on the inside with a lovely golden crispy panko crust on the outside without being too greasy. It had a perfect ratio of coating to meat and completely satisfied our cravings.

The other attraction is the interesting combination of sauces they offered. We tried teriyaki, BFG sauce, buffalo, honey mustard, wasabi cream, sweet thai chili, and bbq sauces. Our favs: the honey mustard had a bit of a nice hint of heat to it( as mustard should) while the sweet thai chili offered a lovely combination of spice and sweetness. My hubby, who loves wasabi, adored the creamy concoction.

The reason for the 4 stars is probably the sides. While the salad was wonderful (the veggies were incredibly fresh) and the fries were great, the baked mac 'n cheese was only okay. The cheese sauce, perhaps little too generic tasting for us, but it's prepared well with ample amounts of cheese topping and perfectly cooked macaroni. Definitely comfort food. The garlic bread was flavourful but lack the density of a nice slice of bread.

These are really minor quibbles and I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some good eats at a fantastic price. The variety of the menu really makes this place a crowd pleaser especially with the healthier options. This place definitely gives other casual dining places (ahem! the Golden Arches) a run for its money.

Finally, the staff made a point to get to know you and make sure you have a good experience. They are more than helpful with making sure you have everything you need (utensils, drinks - you name it). This place has the makings of a great neighbourhood joint and I can't wait to come back here again!
This place is awesome for several reasons:

(1) Jin is super friendly and apparently remembers repeat customers!  That is pretty sweet.
(2) The homemade sauces are sooo good (love the buffalo)
(3) The chicken is tasty (even baked!)
(4) The grilled vegetables have a great flavor
(5) It's crazy cheap!

Two combos: Fried with fries and baked with veggies, comes with garlic bread and two drinks = under $13!  I had baked but I tried the fried and both were excellent!  It was obvious that a lot of the customers were regulars.  In fact, Jin asked me if it was my first time since he didn't recognize me.  That kind of service goes a long way, especially in this town.  Will definitely return to BFG, and not just to see if Jin recognizes me next time!  :)
This place has only been around like 6mo and I hope they stay. The menu is simple and everything I've had is great. My fav is grilled combo-grilled chicken with skewered veggies + every combo comes with 2 dipping sauces- my fav's are wasabi cream, sweet chili, and honey mustard. They run an "item of the week" and if you catch the chicken nachos= awesome. Family owned, Jin the front man remembers everybody!! Super props
As soon as I walked in these guys were on! The owner (Jin?) figured out ASAP it was my first time there; I guess cuz I actually looked at the menu! Anyways, I ordered and he shot the breeze with me since I came in some conspicuous clothing, he asked me what it was all about. It was super chill. I tried the honey mustard and sweet chili sauces. The sweet chili rocked my socks! The food is great; I only wish I hadn't decided to try this place while I'm coming off a particularly bad case of food poisoning. I can't eat as much as I would want. I kinda felt bad about not finishing my food; my Asian upbringing kept reminding me of all the starving kids in (insert parent's choice of guilt trip). The punch card is awesome, giving me eating goals is always a good idea. BFG, I will be back! (once my stomach can hold down food)
I LOVE Fried Chicken!  Fried Chicken is my last meal on earth and my deserted island food choice.  That being said, I am also a natural bone in person.  I like the occasional boneless piece of chicken and BFG is the best spot in Las Vegas to get Chicken strips and the only place I would go for them. Tastes better than "The Chicken Lady" in LA.
OMG, this place is amazing!

Baked,
Fried .
Grilled.
Those are your options for their delicious chicken. The menu is plain and simple. You have a baked options which comes with some of the most delectable mac and cheese you'll ever eat, ever, emphasis on the EVER! The grilled (for you health nuts) comes with grilled veggies. The fried comes with French fries. You can order any type of chicken and choose which side you'd like. I recommend the mac and cheese; believe me, you'll thank me later.

There are several types of dipping sauce. Their honey mustard is off the chain! It's sweet and savory all at once. The BFG original is tasty, too, it tastes very similar to Thousand Island,

My only beef with them is that their hours of operation aren't that great, but I am sure with time and demand they'll extend their hours. Definitely check this spot out for a quick, tasty bite if your in the Spring Valley neck of the woods.
One of my favorite spots!!!
While I've never encountered a combination of foods which included macaroni and cheese, baked chicken, and a slice of garlic bread...I am happy to report that I am not opposed to it.  I like having the option of choosing the method whereby my food is cooked.  I wish other establishments would offer the same.  I also like having pictures to accompany the menu so I know what I'm getting into.  The service was top notch; the owner recognized the fact that it was my first time at BFG. Customer service is incredibly important to me and the owner did a fine job of building rapport.  I am a fan of the BFG and sweet chili sauce which complemented the baked chicken well.  Mac and cheese was creamy and cheesy, a treat considering the boxed stuff I was raised on...I'm sure you know what I'm talking about.  Thanks to the owners for a great lunch experience.  Will be back again!
I think I'm in love. Seriously. Raising Cane WHO? The Grilled and Fried strips were my favorite. AMAZING! The baked Mac n Cheese was like Velveeta on crack. The garlic toast mmmmmm . Wish it wasn't so far from my house, but well worth the drive!
*Best Chicken Strips in Las Vegas*

Really enjoyed this place, easily some of the best chicken strips I've ever had. They have a simple menu but it is by no means limiting with the various options you can mix and match your meal with. BFG lets you know everything you need to know about the chicken choices Baked, Fried, or Grilled. Once you chose the chicken you have the tough decision of which of the 9 dipping flavors to choose from; Wasabi Cream, BBQ, Ranch, Buffalo, Honey Mustard, Sweet Chili, Teriyaki, Cheese, and BFG (their house dipping sauce). And finally accompanying each meal is a piece of toast and your final decision between a side of Mac n cheese, grilled vegetables, or fries.

Now let me start off by saying that all the different types of chicken are delicious. I was a bit skeptical about the baked chicken but let me tell you, they know how to do it right. Whenever I picture baked chicken, it seems bland but at BFG they spice it just right to give it a kick in flavor. The grilled chicken has a bit of sauce giving it a unique flavor setting it aside from the baked. And finally the fried chicken is amazing! These aren't your run of the mill chicken strips you get at a bar. You'll notice the difference immediately due to their use Panko instead of regular batter which I love because it gives the chicken a nice crispy texture with just the right amount of breading. 

Now the sauces are really up to personal preference. and the majority are pretty run of the mill so I'll just get into their "unique" sauces. The BFG house sauce has a very light undertone flavor resembling thousand island and other flavors that will need more tastings to get down. The sweet chili sauce is an asian style sauce with the spices in it working very well with the sweet flavor of it. I was very surprised by how well the sweet chili worked with the chicken. When I first saw and smelled the Sweet chili sauce it seemed like it did not belong next to chicken strips, but when you take your first bite of a chicken strip covered in this sauce it will all make sense. It's a delicious flavor explosion in your mouth with the sweet chili enhancing the flavor of the chicken. Easily on of my favorites. Now the wasabi cream is pretty straight forward, it tastes like wasabi. But it is not nearly as overwhelming as actual wasabi and it has none of the burn. It is another surprising flavor that I have not seen anywhere else and that taste delicious.

I haven't gotten a chance to try the grilled vegetables but to me the mac n cheese and fries were not really anything special. And the toast tastes like toast. Also every week they have a new special which I have yet to try any of so when I get a chance I'll update my review.

Overall good service, good food, and decently priced. There really isn't much else to say other than if you haven't tried BFG yet, try it!
This place has the best chicken stops.  The crunch on the fried strips makes them that much better.  We had the wasabi sauce.. My fav..  Buffalo.  Very good..  And the sweet and spicy.. Also very good.  The wasabi has a mild heat.  Nothing to be afraid of because it also has some sweet to it..  The Mac and Cheese ROCKS!!!!
Based on all the 5 star reviews I was expecting magic chicken strips breaded with crack. But, no... just regular chicken strips. I'll admit they're good... we got two orders of the baked strips (one w/ fries, one w/ grilled vegies) and one kid's order of the fried strips. All were tender and juicy... I liked the flavor from the marinade on the baked strips... really good fries... great service, Jin checked in on us a few times making sure we enjoyed everything. This place is a much better option than going to Raising Cane's, esp. w/ the baked strips option. I just don't know if I'd drive across town to come here. Still good food, though. 3.5 Stars.
Excellent. Got fried chicken with fries and garlic bread. Fries were perfect. Chicken was moist, not greasy at all, and the panko very tasty. Got sweet chili and BFG sauce. Sweet chili was so good, haven't made it to the BFG. Very cheap, not even $7 with tax. For what it is, this place has it figured out. Really friendly customer service. I will definitely be back and bringing friends this time.
I heard of this restaurant from yelp, and I was in the area finally, so I couldn't pass it up. It was an extremely small place, and I only worried about finding a seat once I got my food. The tables were all filled up. The cashier, very attractive cashier Jin asks for your name to call you when the food is done. 

The food didn't take long, and a table came open just in time. Perfect timing! 

The handsome cashier walked around the tables asking if everyone was ok and enjoying themselves, and also cleaning up. As he walked by me, he asks me by name if everything is ok. He remembered my name from the order. He said "You forgot an important part of the meal" and brought me napkins I had forgotten. Now talk about customer service!  I was already wanting to visit this place again just by that humble moment lol. 

The food was hot and delicious. It seemed like such a small portion, but once you started eating it filled you quickly. It began getting busy and I can see why. This food was excellent and affordable. It was such a simple place, and seemed to be doing just fine with business. I hope to see more of them all over Vegas one day. 

I am a fan and will return.
SUPER tasty
SUPER friendly

baked strips and mac and cheese are killer...
Tried this place for the 1st time today and I have to give it 5 stars. Jin helped me at the counter and was helpful in suggesting sauces for my #3 combo ( grilled chicken & grilled veggies). For the amount and quality of the food I got, I am certainly impressed and satisfied. 
 Their grilled chicken was flavorful and the chili and wasabi sauce I chose went awesome with it. I got an additional side of the mac and cheese, which was a big mass of cheesy goodness. Oh man, I can't wait to come back and try their other types of chicken strips and sauces.
 So I definitely suggest anyone who's hungry and on a budget to give this place a shot, because it might just become your new best friend. I think it might have just become one of mine! Woo HOO! Thanks BFG for being nice to my wallet and my stomach. *high five*
Good food.  Good service. Good prices.  

The chicken was moist and flavorful.  The Mac and cheese was perfect. The garlic bread was soft and flavorful.  The service was super friendly.

I usually would stay on the strip when visiting Vegas, but I would go off the strip for this place.
Super yummy! Panko makes a big difference. And the huge variety of sauces give it a personalizable gourmet feel. They need to expand, because good luck getting a place to sit. Plan to take-out.
There really isn't much else to say about BFG that hasn't been said many, many times prior.

The food is as delicious as it is simple.  The service is incredible and when I had to move back across the country I felt bad that I would no longer be able to give Jin my money anymore for his delicious chicken strips.

The chicken strips are great whether you get them Baked, Fried or Grilled.  I was always partial to the Fried due to the breading being so crisp.  The Mac and Cheese is wonderfully cheesy and stays hot and gooey for a very, very long time.  They offer a wide variety of dipping sauces and you really can't go wrong with them.  Pick as your mood/taste dictates.

The weekly rotating specials are also all very good choices to get.  I am partial to the nachos but the Bi Bam Bap is also fantastic.

There's a reason why BFG has consistently ranked in the top few spots for food in Vegas.  What it does it does extremely well for the food and Jin goes to great lengths that are no longer common at all to make you feel welcome and valued as a customer.  Its really strange to see how customer service has more or less died but it makes it easy for a well-run place like BFG to endear itself to so many Vegas dwellers.  I look forward to the next time I am in Vegas so I can get some fried strips, mac and cheese and hopefully, it'll be chicken nachos week.

Before we moved I was unable to eat here one last time due to surgery and had to watch my wife enjoy one more Bi Bam Bap from there while I drank an Ensure.  A tough thing to endure.  Actually, as I submit this review I see its chicken nachos week and it pains me to know I can't get any, well, barring a 2100 mile flight/drive...
The food here was AWESOME!! The service was extraordinary! Everyone knew my name from the moment I placed my order and they checked on our a table a few times. The chicken was juicy and moist, they have about 8 or 10 dipping sauces to choose from. My friend had the mac and cheese and loved it!

This place is a definite must if you're visiting Vegas!
I have been to BFG several times now after finding it on Yelp....and overdue on my review.  We have tried the baked, grilled and fried chicken strips.....all of the styles were very good and everything is cooked to order.  I love the sides....but the marinated vegetables are really awesome.  There are about 8 - 10 dipping sauces to choose from and although I love all of the ones that I have tried....the wasabi cream sauce is my favorite!!! I drive from Henderson and it is well worth the drive.....although I would love if they would open more locations around the valley.....maybe Henderson will be next?  ;-)  
This place is a great example of having a great product with great service!!!!
Awesome.

Highly affordable awesome value and taste!

This place was one of the biggest surprises on our recent Vegas trip.  We had seen the high ratings on Yelp prior to our visit so the wife and I had to make a stop and I'm glad to report that we can't help but concur with all the positive praise for this place.

Chicken strips...what more can I say.  You can get them Baked, Fried, or Grilled.  We both decided to build our own combos and seeing as how we were on vacation and not worried about being healthy, we opted for the fried strips with baked mac & cheese and garlic bread.

The strips were crispy but not heavy like something you'd get from Popeye's or KFC.  The breading is definitely more panko crisp than buttermilk batter crunchy.  Delicious and moist.

The baked mac & cheese was awesome as well.  Very hot when it shows up at your table but once you're able to dig in, cheesey explosion and tender macaroni are headed your way.  I like how the macaroni noodles themselves were tender without being mushy like KFC's.  The garlic bread was a nice finishing touch and not something you'd typically expect from a more fast food-esque establishment.

You get your choice of 2 dipping sauces and we chose BBQ, Sweet Chili, Buffalo, and Wasabi Cream.  Two words: WASABI CREAM.  Perfect.  You get a slightly spicy wasabi flavor without being over-powering and the creamy texture helps smooth it out.

The food was so good that we stuck around and added an order of fries which were perfect as well.  Golden, crispy, and lightly battered.

The service was awesome and the staff super friendly.  The guy who took our order was very nice and engaging and was making sure to check up on us as well as the other patrons which is refreshing to see in a small establishment.

I'm happy to say that we will definitely be making this a regular stop.  At about $12 to feed 2 people with awesome food, how could we not?!
Dood...

The bestest chicken strips in Vegas, forget about the rest! The buck stops here, o sooooo tender n juicy inside, crispity, scrunchity outside with the Panko flakes.
The fries are goo too! Mac n cheese a bit too cheesy for me but if you like cheese u will luv it! 

3 ways to get em folks.....

B aked
F ried
G rilled

Grilled veggies are delicious, yummmm

They have weekly specials also:
Watch for the hot chick $2 not gonna find that deal at the local stripclub....

 Chicken nachos? U guys r killin me....

Why do you do it, BFG?!?
The food is four stars because but WOW! The customer service is superb which bumps it up to 5 stars!
Great service!  Good food!  And did I mention GREAT service?  The owner knows almost all of his regulars by name and order.  I have no idea how it does it, but it's really cool.  All of the staff are incredibly friendly.  The food is great too.  Try all three varieties of their strips... they are all good in different ways.  Some of their sauces are better than others, so just try them out to see which one works for you.  And get the mac and cheese!  It is sooooo good!!
c'mon guys.....

Bibimbap?

Really?

Just when I thought i've seen it all.....you guys throw out Bibimbap as the weekly special?

I gotta say you have to be very creative to pull this off and to offer this in a chicken strip joint.... I can't believe it, even my co-worker who never had Bibimbap or Korean food to say the least tried and LOVED it, although he couldn't remeber the name of the dish (weak sauce) he showed me a pic and I was like dat looks Korean to me!

I must say I'm impressed!  GOOD JOB BFG!!!!!!  Can't wait to see what's next.....

as for the rest of the menu.... excellent!  even the grilled veggies are the BOMB!  I've had the Fried and Grilled chix so far.....up next is the baked.

as in the Highlander..... "there can BE only one"

and BFG is it.....  just eat it.......!!!!!!!!!!!!

C
Best chicken strips in Las Vegas!!!!! The wasabi cream and sweet chili sauce is where it is at. The service is great, they just need to open a location in Henderson so I can eat there everyday.
Perfect recipe for success:  #1. Great-tasting, freshly cooked food to order, #2. Recession-level pricing, #3. Commitment to customer service going so far as to try to get to know every customer on a first name basis, even first-timers.

I hope BFG is here to stay and based on the foot traffic when I ate there, my guess is that they will be.

Jin warned me about the temperature of the mac & cheese.  These little subtleties make such a huge positive difference in the overall experience.
Who ever trained these people customer service skills, need to teach the rest of this city!! I was so amazed how friendly the staff is at this joint. Even if the food sucked, (which is doesn't) I would come back just to be treated the way they treat their customers. 

I love the concept of the Baked Fried or Grilled. I got the Baked and Fried and I definitely will be back to try the grilled. The mac & cheese is by far the best I have had in a looong time.  Great place for something quick to eat.

They make it a point to say goodbye to you by NAME, when you are leaving. I will be back!!
I love this little "mom and pop" chicken joint! The owner is super nice and friendly with all the customers, the setting is reasonable considering its size, and the FOOD FANTASTIC!... I'm going to make this short and sweet (like me ;b) :

Chicken: Baked, Grilled, FRIED (being the best, PANKO, similar to Hawiian style breaded chicken, friggin DELICIOUS)

Flavors: WASABI, BBQ, Buffalo, Honey Mustard, Sweet Chilie, Teriyaki, Ranch, and HOUSE STYLE SAUCE (YUM)

Signature: Hot Chick (like a hot dog and chicken sandwich put together, try it! on $2) 


Price is not bad at all for what you get and of course they have other items like salad and oddly enough their own unique style of MAC n CHEESE, which was also very good :D
Another great meal thanks to Yelp reviewers, without whom we never would have found this cool little shop. We had lightly-seasoned baked and panko-crusted fried strips with a variety of sauces, fries, and macaroni and cheese. So delicious we all wished to have a branch locate near us in our distant cities. Kudos to the friendly staff and their great cooking.
It is what it is. Needs some fine tuning but it's nothing special one way or the other. It is better than McD's.
Just got back to San Diego from Las Vegas and had to yelp it.  Their fried chicken is so light with what must be a panko crust cooked to perfection.  The wasabi cream sauce was the best with the sweet chili coming a tight second.  Mac and cheese very decadent.  I had the fried chicken with salad and came back a couple days later for the weekly special of a teriyaki bowl.  The family loved their picks too!  Very friendly service and the price was right.  The Thai iced coffee kicked butt!  The only bummer is the styrofoam containers-were they biodegradable?  If not, go to reusable or recycled paper or plastic.  These guys know customer service as they stayed open for us when we got there at closing a 8pm.  If you have a car in Vegas, check them out- easy to get to.
the main guy who works there is super friendly and helpful!

Pretty simple menu. Do you want baked, fried or grilled chicken strips?

If you are a fan of Mac N Cheese.. you need to order their mac n cheese!!

Cheap eats
Good food, convenient location and friendly staff.  Sounds like the perfect little chicken joint!  The menu options were great...I got the grilled chicken with mac 'n cheese, and he got the baked chicken strips with fries.  I have to admit the baked version were a lot better, so I would go with those next time.  I really liked the ambiance here, plus the food was great for a weekend lunch stop!  We will definitely be back to try the other options!
Pretty tasty .. Super friendly staff... And very affordable .. Will be coming plenty of times.
3.5 stars.

I have had BFG on my list of "must try" for awhile and we finally ventured in last week.  We ordered take-out and ordered the BFG trifecta. 1 Baked meal, 1 Fried meal, and 1 Grilled meal, and selected 6 different sauces to accompany them.  

We live less than 10 minutes away and the meal was still fresh and piping hot by the time we laid it out on our dining table.  Everything tasted pretty good, but didn't wow my taste buds like I had expected.  My husband preferred the fried chicken and baked mac n cheese, while I preferred the the grilled chicken and grilled veggies.  The extra .5 is because the service was awesome, and it truly is an amazing value- and because of that, I will be back.  Besides, I still need to try their specials!
Toss those chicky nugs from McD's into the bin, because there's a far, far superior place to get your hot chicken infusion on.  I really like their combination of great prices, delicious baked mac 'n cheese, and amiable staff!  Plug it in next to a gaming shop and it's like my secret nerd heaven.

I recommend going with the fried chicken with baked mac, especially if you need a last meal before death (it is pretty rich, it might serve as executioner!)  Baked strips didn't really seem large and in charge, mostly noodly. 

Also, never say "chicky nugs."  People will laugh at you.
I went a bit out of my way to try this place out, and a definitely was not disappointed! Awesome, solid service deserves 5 stars and the good food deserves 4.5. Picked a build-your-own combo, loved their mac, and the fried chicken was yummers! I also tried their special of that week (bibimbop... Sorry about the butchered spelling), and it made me wish I had a bigger stomach.
Fabulous service. Chicken was great...as were the fries. We're from Phoenix...so this is  a definite stop next time we're in town.
Got my usual fried chicken fingers with mac and cheese, garlic bread and double dose of their wasabi dipping sauce...as always, ONOLICIOUS!!! ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(34/365) "Winner, Winner, Chicken Finger!"
This place is great.  The best thing on the menu is the mac and cheese.  It's baked and rich and aboot the best mac and cheese I've ever eaten.  All three chicken styles are great my personal choice is baked, with wasabi cream dipping sauce and sweet chili sauce.  The staff is wonderful, Jin who is always there at the counter is always friendly.  This is great comfort food with a reasonable price, and a kind staff. Eat here, or else.
BFG or Baked Fried Grilled delivers on every level.  Admittedly, I have a bit of  problem when it comes to any place to eat.  I always feel the need to compare anytime I eat at multiple places that offer the same types of food.  Prior to coming into BFG, I frequented Raising Cane's quite a bit.  At the time, I believed Cane's to have the best chicken fingers around.  In my opinion, they still do.  However, BFG has more variety and variety is the spice of life.  Here's what I mean:

BFG offers a wide array of sauces, six to be exact.  I don't remember the names of all of the sauces that are offered, but I know that I was pleased with the Wasabi Cream and the Sweet Chili.  Cane's offers one type of sauce and not much else.  I ordered the Number 2, which included four fried strips, fries (crispy and delicious) and a side of garlic bread, all for around $6.00.  I was also able to sample a baked strip, which was good and a side of their mac and cheese which was creamy and very filling all on its own.   The Chicken Nachos were also good (my friend ordered these, I swear I'm not a total fat-ass).  

I am most impressed with their options.  They also offer baked or grilled strips and replace french fries for vegetables, a very good choice for those on a diet.
Okay, enough already!  The Husband has been loving this place since I brought him here (thanks Yelp!) and he can't get enough!

BFG...it stands for Baked, Fried, or Grilled if you missed that part.  

The menu can't be any simpler - it puts In N Out's menu to shame.

With five combos to choose from and a create your own combo, it makes ordering super easy. 

Their fried chicken strips come in a four count and they are special because they are panko covered and deep fried.  Yes, that makes all the difference.  But wait, there's more beyond the chicken!  I'm talking about the wasabi cream dipping sauce that we can't get enough of.  Sure, there are other flavors and you get two with your order, but we're all about the wasabi cream!  Yum!  I've also tried their grilled chicken and was impressed with how moist it was.  Next time I'll have to check out their baked version.

Of course, I have to mention their individually baked mac and cheese side, right?  They are so gooey and hot, and that's what you call a serious baked mac and cheese.  They definitely got that right!  A little more work on their end but definitely appreciated and worth it!  Or if you must, you can have grilled veggies or fries as a side.

And there's still more to rave about - the garlic bread is good too!

Another perk - loyalty stamp cards!  Yes, that's right!  You get a stamp for every combo meal you order, so it's easy breezy to get a free combo meal with this plan!  

And finally, I cannot say enough about the customer service there.  Jin is the nicest guy around - not only does he make a honest and sincere effort to know who you are (and remember your name), but he also comes around to check on you if you're dining in.  They really make you feel at home and special and I have to give major props to that alone because it really makes a huge difference.

I also have to give props to the rest of the staff because you don't have a lazy bunch working here.  They are always coming around to wipe down the tables, push in chairs, offer free dessert, and just make sure you're happy.  

Their only real fault is that their location is too small!  But that only means they should open a few more locations to make our lives easier!  Yes, that's right.  Check out their weekly specials too!  They have a great thing going on here!
Wow, a huge number of reviews about this place, and yet I only heard about it this past week.

Went in with the hubby on Thursday night. Decided to try it on a whim. I had the #1 special and he had the #2. Everything was fantastic for the most part, so I spoke with the owner a bit, took a few menus and away I went. 

The next night I came in with 2 more people and ordered again. That's some damned good mac and cheese! 

The only thing I can't figure out is why people are raving about the wasabi cream dipping sauce. It was ok, but not really that good. The sweet chili is MUCH better.

I hope these guys stay in business for a long time, and don't raise their prices too much. It does need to go up a little bit, but stay low enough to keep it being worth me driving 15 miles for!
Thank you Yelp for broadening lunch place list.  This place is delicious.  

In general, baked chicken worries me because I never know if I'm going to get a a dry piece of chicken.  However, the baked chicken strips here were moist and well seasoned.  They were so good that I almost ate all my strips without the sauce.  And then I threw in some wasabi cream sauce  that everyone keeps talking about.  It starts off so sweet... and ends with a kick to the nose!  Wow, what a great combination.  I think I'm in love.

And finally... the mac n cheese.  I've never had anything so cheesy, gooey, and oh so delicious.  

You can't beat the good and the price of this place.  I will definately be coming back for more.
Super friendly staff here as well as pretty damn good chicken fingers as we call them in the South.  I only tried the fried ones with the wasabi cream sauce which was pretty darn good too.  Support this local business instead of crappy chains! :)
the fried chicken strips are excellent.  also enjoyed their weekly special...at the time they had bim bim bap.  great homey service.  check it out.
Another great recommendation from fellow yelpers. Just an FYI this place was a little difficult to find in the shopping center since they are sort of at a weird angle. Came here during the lunch hour rush and yes it was pretty packed. I even had a hard time trying to find a seat. I ordered the number 2 with BFG and wasabi sauces. The chicken was really moist especially considering the fact it was baked. Also, nicely seasoned. The mac n cheese was absolutely amazing.  Gooey texture, while not being too overwhelmingly cheesey. Although I would of liked it more of there was some crunchy texture on top like crumbled crackers or something?  It actually came out piping hot, which I loved. The sauces were great as well especially since I'm a sauce kinda guy. BFG definitely beats Canes. I can't wait to come back and try the fried chicken strips. Bravo BFG Chicken Strips, you shall be seeing more of me!
One of the best places I've tried for chicken strips! Great customer service, prices are unbelievable. 5.99 for strips, two sides and drink! Variety of sauces to choose from. Would probably stick with fried strips,, best choice of the 3 styles, gotta live a little right?  :)
i would go much more if they were closer to me or if they delivered, do they deliver? lol
the chicken tenders were very good, a little on the light side of seasoning for me, but i appreciate that its veryyyyy obvious that the chicken is fresh and well prepared. 
the garlic bread was also very good, crunchy perfect amount of garlic/butter.
the sauces were also very good, and made up for the light seasoning on the chicken.
also, what was really impressive is that the sauces are homemade :)

the only thing i didnt like (which they said isnt homemade) is the fries. maybe im just spoiled by homemade french fries :) but they were only passable at best. 

overall though your going for the chicken, not the fries :) impressive little place!
BFG...now THEY do chicken right.  Whether your appetite is calling for baked, fried or grilled chicken, Jin will do you right.  The menu is kept simple and sticks to what they do best.  There are several combos to choose from, but I think many will customize their own meal: choose your chicken, your side and two sauces.  Easy peasy mac'n'cheesy!

I'm a big fan of the grilled chicken.  The baked is easily some of the best baked chicken I've had and the fried is the most unique fried chicken I've had (thanks to the panko flakes used for breading).  But the grilled chicken gets you the grill flavor without drying up the poultry.  Go for the wasabi sauce to give your chicken some kick.

With your chicken you're given a choice of side, and you also get a slice of bread.  The mac'n'cheese is awfully cheesy in the best way possible, making it one of those foods you enjoy eating because you know you shouldn't be eating too much of it.

Service here is great, with Jin checking on all of his customers during their stay.  He's a really personable guy, seemingly remembering every customers name once they step through the door.  (He remembered my name after one visit!)  The one thing that bummed me out in the past was that my BFG cravings always came on a Sunday, the one day they're closed!  Fortunately, Jin has sensed this disturbance in the force and will be fixing that in the near future...
My husband and I were on our way to dine in at the Pizza Hut on charleston and antelope last night, and discovered that it was permanently closed :(   we had to find an alternative route fast, as our one year old was hungry and getting cranky.

My husband found this place on his phone and the ratings were really good, so we decided that trying something new is always good.

wow...the food was amazing!    The chicken was cooked perfectly, it was not heavy or greasy and it felt like the perfect amount of food.

we ordered the grilled chicken meal with the mac and Cheese and an order of the baked chicken with fries, and just decided to mix and match pieces from each plate. the Mac and cheese was to die for and the sauces were really good as well.

We shared a bit  of everything with our one year old. He scarfed everything down...he loved it :)

Not to forget .....on top of the great food, the service was amazing as well. Jin checked on us twice, and even sat down to talk with us for a little bit.  He is the nicest guy and you can tell that he cares how the customers are doing and if they enjoyed their meal. 

In small restaurants in this town, great service is very hard to find. 

We were very happy with our choice, and will go back there again in a heart beat.

BFG... Keep up the good work!
VERY good, Customer service is second to none as well. Highly recommended!
This place is awesome! 
My boyfriend Charles and I just drove 4.5 hours from California and it was 7:40pm and we were out-of-it and starving. We were going to take our food to-go as BFG closes at 8pm, but the owner Jin was soo nice and understanding, he still let us eat-in. I mean the hospitality was AMAZING...and so was the food! Chicken strips can be easy to dry out, if not done right, but man...whether it was fried or baked these strips were always moist and seasoned just right. My boyfriend loved the fried because he loves panko breaded chicken :)  The mac n cheese....ohhh gooey cheesy goodness. Actually baked in the oven.

well, long story short, we were in town for less than 48 hours and we managed to come back and eat here twice! Thats how good it was. It was the best $6 meal I'd had for as far back as I can remember...

The simplicity of the meals is what makes this place best...The chicken is really the star here. Plus, the portions are perfect.  Fantastic food at a fantastic price...oh it was AWESOME.

Thanks Jin! Next time were in town, we'll be back  :D
The food is absolutely amazing, from the chicken tenders to ALL the sides!  I've had the garlic toast and mac and cheese, and they were both very yummmy!  The service is the best, especially since it seems like the owner knows all of his guests, even if you don't frequent often.  I would definitely come here more often if they weren't so far away.  They have these weekly specials that they update on facebook that always looks very delicious.
A perfect place to get good food awesome customer service at a cheap cheap price. This is my new favorite lunch spot.
The food was basic, good, and fresh. However: the friend chicken strips were bland, the mac and cheese was too greasy and gooey, the fries were "meh" and the sauces seemed to be nothing special at all. Now that being said, it was not bad, just not good.
I didn't quite love this place as much as fellow Yelpers, but then again maybe it had to do with ordering the baked strips instead of the fried ones.  They were good but didn't make me go wow.  I had probably over hyped them for myself when I heard stories about the sizes of the strips.

 Not one to dwell on the negatives though, the mac and cheese was delicious as was the side of chicken nachos that were on sale that day.  The owner was friendly and made sure that service was great.  Last but not least, there's definitely a good selection of sauces, so if something is not to your liking, next time you can try a different one!  While I wasn't a fan of the Wasabi Sauce, the BFG sauce was particularly good.  I look forward to coming back and trying some of the different styles and sides at least.
Well, what is there to say that hasn't already been said?

I love BFG!! I like their simple menu, and I have to say that my favorite is the fried chicken strips because they are coated with Panko, which are Japanese style bread crumbs. I also love the baked Mac and cheese, which is always hot and creamy! The combos are reasonably priced, comes with the right amount of food, and includes a drink. They have nine different sauces to choose from, which is great! 

What really stands out about this place is the customer service. Jin is just awesome! He is very friendly, talks to all of his customers, and tries to remember everyone by name. You have to admit that it is rare to see that level of service anywhere nowadays! 

Don't forget your stamp card! Buy 10 combos, get one free! You can also check their website for weekly specials.
Great food. Baked Mac n Cheese is delicious.  Definitely try the Wasabi Cream sauce.  Can't wait to go back.
they do have good fried chicken strips and the mac and cheese are good as well.

The baked chicken strips are good but, def not tasty as the fried chicken strips.

The grilled veggies were boring and could have been more creative but, can't complain for a meal under $6.

It's sort of hard to find but, if you are in the neighborhood you should def give it a try.
BFG was amazing! Fellow yelper Ramil B. introduced me to this place and it was awesome. 

BFG stands for Baked, Fried, Grilled which are the 3 options for how to have your chicken strips. They have a variety of sauces to accompany including "Wasabi Cream." Sides for the chicken are fries, grilled vegetables, garlic bread and mac&cheese. There's something for those who come just to stuff their face and something for the more health conscious.

The owner, Jin, is super friendly and he definitely makes it his mission to have a relationship with each of his customers.

The artwork on the walls are cute and inviting.

This is a great mom&pop shop. A definite cane's replacement. In fact, they are even cheaper than cane's! I LOVE THAT!

Speaking of canes, I could choose BFG's garlic bread over Cane's texas toast ANY DAY, HANDS DOWN. The garlic bread is smaller, but it tastes way better.

Only downfall, it's nowhere near my house. HAHA.
I'm so glad I finally got the opportunity to try this place out today!

I came with my mom for a late lunch after a full day of shopping. We shared the grilled chicken strips with veggie skewers and the fried chicken strips with the baked mac n cheese. Everything was out of this world delicious and the service was so incredibly friendly and welcoming. I'm a big fan of the fried strips, but I think I almost liked the grilled ones a little better. The mac n cheese was phenomenal and super duper cheesy. Just how I like it. They have an incredible sauces too! My favorite was the wasabi cream. So perfect!

The food was incredible, so was the service and on top of all that the prices were beyond reasonable for the quality and quantity that you get. Winner winner, chicken dinner! I'll be back... and soon!
Mac and Cheese was awesome! This place is really good.  It is worth the drive if you are just visiting Vegas, and if you are a local, what are you waiting on?  Try it already!!!
So i tried this place recently going off the reviews I have seen and omg I see why every ones giving it 4 or 5 stars this place is awesome!

The chicken is good quality very juicy and tender and the breading on the fried chicken strips is different and unique very tasty. You get your choice of two dipping sauces i got ranch and the BFG sauce both were very tasty and as my side dish i got the baked mac n cheese mmm mmm good. 

This place is a hit they serve great food, fast service, at a great price I will definitely be returning here again!
After a barrage of phone calls from my brother who was introduced to BFG (by our sister and BIL), Hubs and I just knew we had to check it out.  

Sadly we didn't bring our little guy with us (he had plans!) but we did pick up the Baked Strips and Mac n Cheese to go and that lil bugga MOWED down the mac n cheese en route to the airport...and asked for MORE!

We chose their fried strips and grilled strips and both had to admit that their fried chicken strips are the best that we've ever had.  The coating on fried strips are light and flaky, exactly how anything battered really should be. We sampled their wasabi cream (yum), buffalo, ranch and the BFG sauces...all delish!

Their french fries are amazing.  The Hubs was giving me a stink eye the entire time since I was hijacking those fried potato morsels and in reality, I should have opted for the less healthier choice rather than their grilled veggies (I'm not a fan of onions!).

The garlic bread is yummy, very nicely flavored.  

A big standout really (aside from the food) is service.  I am not high maintanence by any means but I really did enjoy having Jin come by and check on us.  I noticed that he greeted everyone that walked in and took the time to chat with the patrons in there which made it such "welcome to our place" feeling.  THAT you have to love.  Jin gets major props for just being awesome.

Would be come back?  Yes we have to now since our lil man tasted the mac and cheese and the the strips and is addicted now.  And for the record, now that we are back home, our lil guy was more than happy to know he had some chicken strips to bring for lunch to school.
I think macaroni and cheese with fried chicken strips is one of those unsung, tasty food combinations.  And here it is done perfectly.  The panko breading was so light and crispy.  Mix in a little wasabi cream sauce and you will be in heaven.

If you are looking for something light, they offer grilled strips with grilled vegetables.  I didn't try these because I can't say no to fried chicken with mac and cheese.  All the combos come with yummy garlic bread. TVs were playing the football game.  What else can you ask for really?
Really good food for a great price
The food here is pretty good. The mac and cheese is creamy and the chicken strips are awesome. The service is good and the price is fair. They have a bunch of sauces as well so there is probably going to be something for everybody. If you eat inside they have whatever game happens to be on which is great.
This could possibly be my favorite place to eat in all of Vegas.

It's located in a strip mall on the NW corner of Charleston and Rainbow- which is right in my neighborhood, making it one of the only restaurants I frequent near my home.

The owner, Jin, is seriously the friendliest person I've met. He knows everyone's name- seriously, everyone! He always remembers me and everyone else who comes here, which makes us all keep coming back!

So now, about the food.. These chicken strips are delicious. I've tried all three varieties. The baked have so much flavor, and the grilled are great too. My favorite is the fried. These are not your typical American chicken strips- battered, sodium laden, and fried. These chicken strips are panko breaded and fried to perfection- coming out steaming hot, crispy on the outside, and perfectly moist on the inside.

I like to pair my chicken strips with a side of their incredible mac and cheese. They make it extra special by melting some fresh cheese on the top of your portion- adding some texture and oozing cheese fun!

Their french fries are great too, crispy and flaky. They obviously know what they're doing, unlike in-n-out burger, whose fries are chewy and flavorless.

Their choices of dipping sauces beat the pants off any fast food restaurant, especially your average McDonalds or Chic-Fil-A. It's fun to experiment with different flavor combinations with your strips- and it'll keep you coming back.

The prices are also extremely low. You will leave here satiated for only a few bucks. The thing that impressed me was how you can add more strips to your meal for low price as well. And an extra side of mac and cheese is only a buck fifty. Score!!

Try this place- it's more than a hipster teenager hang out. To me, it's the best bang for your buck in Vegas. If you're looking for some good food cheap, BFG is your place.
I'm a huge fan of chicken fingers, so I'll be a bit more critical. I liked the fact that they have healthy alternatives and an easy set-up for ordering, but I wasn't blown away. The service was excellent for a tiny sit-down quick stop type restaurant, but other than that, that's all that was memorable.
I know part of the experience is the customer serverice here, unfortunately we got our food to go, fried chicken with Mac n cheese, and grilled chicken with fries. We ordered teriyaki, buffalo, honey mustard, and BFG sauce. My favorite was the honey mustard and BFG for the fried chicken and teriyaki for the grilled.
The fried chicken is breaded and fried like fish and chips, it was really good, the mac n cheese seemed like Krafts with cheese on top and baked.. It was really good that way. Fries were awesome, found myself dipping them in the BFG sauce a lot! The garlic bread is not Texas toast so just expect French roll style garlic bread. I love Cane's chicken too what makes this stand out is the choices. I think I'll try the nachos next go around.
Pretty good and good prices.  Kind of busy! And the mac and cheese is delish
Really 3 stars but the owner is sooo nice I'll round up! This is a small fast food joint with solid food. The chicken is great; both the fried and baked are delicious. Are the the best chicken fingers I've ever had? No they are certainly not, but satisfying none the less! The mac and cheese is hot and bubbly, though I don't see what all the fuss is about. Maybe because so many places make nasty mac and cheese here, we're all excited to see a place that doesn't mess it up? It's good but not life changing, world shattering, slap yo momma, marriage material mac and cheese. Again the owner was so sweet and checked on every table. He knew regulars by name and could spot a first timer from a mile away. Extra star for service! All in all I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here except maybe for a quick mac and cheese fix, but would definitely stop if I was driving by.
This restaurant was one of the best macaroni I ever had and the fried chicken was good. I first thought this was going to be Like any restaurant that makes okay meals but it made excellent meals. If you ever tried Kane's and like Kane's, you are going to love this. They had a pretty normal menu so I stuck with what I know is good and that is fried chicken with bread. But if you are to buy anything you have to buy the macaroni since that turns the restaurant from a 3 star to a 5 star. Its not a fancy restaurant  and it has foam cups but it is a fast food restaurant .its right next to a comic store. Just to tell you when I was walking I looked inside the comic store next door and grown men where playing dungeons and dragons with there costumes on and I  can't believe that they were grown men. But anyways you should  try this restaurant if you want to try something new.
As far as fast food goes, this place is pretty good, hence the four stars.  Don't expect anything gourmet, simply fried chicken tenders and some homemade sauces.  I liked the wasabi sauce myself, that was the best thing about the whole experience actually.  The owner of the place was there handling the cashier.  Pretty cool guy, and  I really like supporting local businesses.
Came here with my boyfriend. I'm a fan of raising canes but my boyfriend kept telling me how good BFG is so we drove ten miles just to get there! I ordered baked mac & cheese and chicken strip combo! Wow! The chicken strips are so juicy and delicious!! I like the panko coatin. It's so light and you don't feel greasy at all. Fries are hot and crunchy!! Love it so much:)) 

I had BBQ sauce and chili sauce. BBQ is no different than that BBQ sauce,sweet chili sauce is surprisingly good!!! For the baked Mac & cheese, I love the mozzarella topping. All food are reasonably priced! The only con is it's too far from where I live ;( the store owner Jin is really friendly too, as mentioned in other review! Will definitely come back when I'm around that area!!!:))))
I love BFG's panko fried chicken strips! It reminds me of the fried seafood mix I used to eat at Osaka's in San Diego. They just fried up scallops and fake crab sticks instead....sorry back to the chicken! It was crispy and tender on the inside. I tried the Wasabi and the Honey Mustard sauce. I enjoyed the Honey Mustard more because it wasn't bitter like the Wasabi. I also loved the veggie kabobs which were full of flavor! I ordered the Mac and Cheese as an additional side but I couldn't finish it. It was creamy and cheesy but too salty for me. I just have a low tolerance to salt.

I liked the idea that you can come here with someone  who is health conscious aka my husband. You can totally order healthy items like grilled chicken and veggies. It's a great alternative to typical fast food places like KFC.
While I was out getting ready to go to a party... We wanted to eat first "just in case", and we were right. (There was food at the party but mainly drinks. The food wasn't finished being cooked till after we left.)  So anyway, back the restaurant ...The people who work there are super nice, they always get an extra star for going out of their way. (I think his name was Jason) We ordered 2 Hot Chicks, fries, vegetables, and two drinks. The price came out to be a little over 10. The Hot Chick was great if I wasn't trying to watch my figure I would have ate 2-3 easy. While the food is not gourmet, nether is the price, but still taste great! 

I hope they make the Hot Chick part of their menu. I was thinking when looking at the menu that they should expand it, like adding Chicken sandwich and Hot Chick to the line up.
I party in Vegas alot and this is always a must when I'm here. Whether its a pregame dinner before drinking and clubbing or as an early lunch before drinking at the pool parties, the food is on point. Give me some grilled strips with mac n cheese and I'm ready to roll! Some of the best and friendliest customer service you could also experience as well. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas Memorial Weekend :)
Found out about this place through my older brother. 

Definitely has one of the best chicken strips out there  and their mac & cheese was to die for :) You can pick a sauce of your choice but I would definitely recommend the wasabi cream ( if you have no problem with wasabi). The chili sauce was good too. 

Great food, reasonable prices and great service!
The best chicken strip in town
Sorry for the raisin cane, I tried both, but BFG is the best in town not you guys
And the owner of the BFG, Jin, is super friendly and super nice. The best thing about their customer service is they they remember all of their customers' names really amazing
I went there all the time when i am studying at csn charleston campus
I love this place. It gives me an understanding of how things used to be. The owner goes out of his way to know everyones name. The food is outstanding and comes in portions that the body is SUPPOSED to intake at one seating. Great friendly atmosphere. Even if the food weren't so amazing, I'd go just to hang out with Jin (owner). Two thumbs and one big toe up!!
A few years ago, we stumbled into BFG after reading yelp reviews.  Every time has been simply fantastic.  The chicken is always perfectly prepared in whatever form.  Baked, Fried, or Grilled. (BFG get it?)   The perfection of the chicken strip, what ever the cooking method  would easily make for a 5 star review, but wait, let's talk about the mac and cheese.  Bubbly hot, silky smooth and simply delicious. From the first mouth searing bite to the bitter end of licking the bowl clean, it is simply heaven. Woo-Hoo this sounds good, but wait, there is a another layer to drool over, the signature dipping sauces.   My personal favorite is the Wasabi cream.  Just enough heat to bring the tears, but so good you can't stop.  Bring  a straw and love the burn.  The thai sweet chili is very unique with a mild heat and a multitude of flavorful back tones. The honey mustard is subtle and is a nice counterpoint to the more powerful flavors mentioned above.  If you prefer something a bit more mellow,there are several more varieties for your consideration

We have perfectly prepared chicken, exceptional side dishes and incredible dipping sauces, what else could you ask for?  How about an owner that is the penultimate example of customer service?  If you come in every day or once a year, Jin always remembers your name and what you like, he personally greets you and makes you feel at home.

  It doesn't get much better than this
I just went this week end with a friend.  The food was great !  Price was better !!  Service was very friendly and quick.  The place was nice and clean.  I can't think of one thing to gripe about this place, it was great for lunch or a quick dinner.
Wasabi cream in the a baked chicken strip seasoned with a rotisserie seasoning. Was good. Panko bread crumbs on the fried one was missing something. Baked mac n cheese? Was baked mac n cheese. It was good. But how great do u expect it to b. I also had a try at their bfg dipping sauce. It was..hmm ok. A tangy thousand island is what they said it was. I will try something else next time. But this visit was average for me. Great idea but i think they have room to improve.
Here is my dream.  Take a certain texas garlic toast from another chain and bring it here to combine with the best chicken strips this side of the farm.  The fried strips had the lightest breading I have tasted.  The baked macaroni is cheesy with the perfect crust of cheese across the top.  They also have baked and grilled chicken (the B and the G of BFG).  They also have several choices of sauce, honey mustard, ranch, BFG (their take on russian), BBQ, and several others.
Too bad their garlic bread is a small oval piece of buttered bread with garlic salt on top.  It kept this place from a 5 star rating.  That and how small the place is.
came here after reading all the yelp reviews... all i gotta say is.. BEST MAC AND CHEESE PERIOD. seriously, this is how god intended mac and cheese to taste like and if u havent had mac and cheese from here, u havent tried mac and cheese.. BOMB DIGGITY
Great atmosphere. Great mac & cheese!!! Decent prices. Small place wouldn't stay to eat there often but take out is quick and easy.
This place is the best chicken in town! 

I had the fried chicken with the sweet chili, and buffalo. Made fresh to order, light crispy, so moist, it was the best!

Let's talk the Mac n cheese. I've never had better, even after finishing I wanted to lick the bowl. 

The French fries were hot crispy and flavorful. I can't wait to go back and eat there again.
Awesome Mac & Cheese!

SITREP

I have to give mad props to both my Vegas Yelp-buds Anthony and Jade since they turned me onto the GREAT CHEEESY establishment BFG Chicken Strips while I was hangin with them in Vegas for the Yelp Convention back in May 2012.

THE MAC MENU

Mac N' Cheese here is TRULY an ultimate "Classic American Eats", as a SIDE dish OR get a BUNCH like I did at just under $2 a pop, and why not? - I took them back to my hotel room at the Stratosphere one late night and make it a MAIN dish.  Mmmm, delish!

SPECIAL PREPARATION!

BFG Chicken Strips meets a cheesaholic's strict-standards of "cheesification".  They make incredible BAKED Mac N' Cheese in individual containers with a Mozzarella Crust!  (HOLY HELL.  I feel my arteries hardening with joy just thinking about this festive cheesapalooza!)

THE LOWDOWN

If you are looking for a Mac n' Cheese fix, look no further.
Very good stuff! Had the fried strip combo which includes a side, dipping sauce and small drink. All under $5 bucks!

Mac and cheese was also good stuff.

All food was made to order, very hot a plus for me.
Food so good it put me to sleep. First time at this place and the food may have just made me a regular. Fried chicken strips were nice and crispy. The BFG and wasabi cream are awesome together, and separately try mixing it. The Mac and cheese is like crack. I wanted more after I finished it.
Decided to give this place a try based on all of the great reviews. Upon entrance, very clean. Service was quick and the staff were friendly. The food: I ordered the family pack which consisted of 25 strips (baked/grilled), fries, veggie kabobs, and mac & cheese. The strips were just ok. Nothing special. Mac & cheese was bland but I loved the cheese topping. I loved the veggie kabobs and TX toast. Fries were just ok. Tried all of the different sauces and my fav was the BFG & Honey Mustard sauce. Overall, I probably would not come back.
We had 2 4piece combos for ~14.

- seems asian owned. great fried chicken! panko. tender. served fresh. better than raising canes. better deal.
- baguette garlic toast?! from lees sandwiches? lol
- crispy thin french fries. good portion.
- mac and cheese. very cheesy! no kraft!
- nice art! chicken is cute. 
- ice thai coffee? haven't tried it, but sounds interesting.
- nujabes music in bg?! niceee :)
I've been there 3x already, and the owner never remembers my name. What's up with that? lol jk. 

Move over, Raising Cane's. I have found a new joint for chicken strips. Their menu is simple and limited, but you can't go wrong with anything there. You can choose your chicken strips to be baked, fried, or grilled, hence the name BFG. You also get to choose 2 sauces for your strips. I liked my grilled chicken with teriyaki sauce and the fried strips with their wasabi cream sauce. For the sides, the baked mac n cheese is to die for (sooo cheesy), and their shoe-string fries are really crispy and tasty as well. If you want to go healthy, choose the grilled veggies. 

PS: Please bring back the weekly specials! I miss the nachos lol
This place is all I really live for. Every time I get paid, it's the first place I come. I always get the 4 strip combo with fried strips and the Mac n cheese. It all taste good, gets you full, and is at a great price! I love BFG!
Five stars for the baked mac and cheese and wasabi cream alone. Everything else is good, as well.
Came from San Diego and brought the family again.  Phone recording said they were open on Sundays.  We went there.  They were not open.  Bummer.  Went on Monday, but I guess we missed the regular guys that work there.  Everything a bit dirty, and not the usual "feeling".  No daily special either.  Bummer.  All was good as usual, but I left feeling I should have got a salad too.  Wasabi cream and sweet chili dips are the best, still.  Iced Thai great the next morning.  Still loving the light panko crust and the kids are still loving the mac n cheese.  I think next time I'll buy extra and sell some to the conventioneers were with.  They still need to go green to much disposable stuff.  I wish they were open later.
I love this place!  I have been coming here for  18 months or more and is still one of my favoriate places for lunch.  The food is fresh and cooked to perfection.  I have tried all three chicken options but like the grilled the best.  My little girl loves the mac and cheese and french fries.  Service is always top notch.  Portion size is just right and for the price, a great value. Keep up the great work!
Here's the cool thing about BFG: customization.  Unlike Chick-Fil-A and Raising Canes, BFG is a small and quaint restaurant that can be easily missed, tucked away in a plaza, and doesn't draw a lot of attention, except for the unusual design of its exterior.  However, unlike Chick-Fil-A and Raising Canes, you make your order in steps, which allows for multiple combinations of your meal, and is something that I like:

Step 1: Chicken
You can order either baked, fried, or grilled chicken strips.  I ordered the fried, panko-crusted, chicken strips.  I was surprised how small each chicken strips were (so if you're hungry, order the 4-piece combo).  However, what they lacked in size, they made up for in quality.  The chicken strips were very meaty, very moist for white-meat, and the panko-crust made the strips feel light and a healthier choice as opposed to flour-crusted chicken strips.  Hint: fried chicken strips go especially well with the wasabi cream sauce.

Step 2: Side dish
I've yet to try the baked mac & cheese and the grilled veggies, but the fries were pretty good.  I ordered to-go, so unfortunately, the heat and steam in the box made the fries soggy and less enjoyable, but I could still taste how potato-ey they were.  Hint: if you're going to order fries, don't order it to-go.

Step 3: Sauce
BFG offers a plethora of sauces (Remember?  I like having choices).  I ordered the BFG and Wasabi cream sauce.  The Wasabi cream is hands-down the better of the two.  It has a touch of sweetness and a touch of spiciness, but is at a level anyone can tolerate.  I highly recommend it.  The BFG sauce wasn't as special.  It tasted similar to Thousand Islands.

Step 4: Drink
Nothing different from other fast food restaurants.  Although, I bet you can switch out the drink in the order for Thai Iced Coffee for a little extra.

Last, but not least, BFG has especially quick service.  I got my meal in about 5 minutes.  Good food, fast service.
Love this place!   Best chicken strips in town.  My kids are addicted and I love how affordable it is.
outstanding second visit as good as 1st time excellent food great chicken strips people are so nice  would go again and again will tell everybody although they need a biger combo than 4 piece maybe a ten piece please
Wasabi Sauce is a must try!!! Great kick!! Fried Chicken was Delicious! A definite must try!
Awesome chicken, veggies and mac & cheese. My girls always want to come here and the remember your name. Great service great food...... Thanks guys.
Good food, decent price.  Many sauces to choose from.  If you are looking for a healthy and good finger, this is the place.
These are the best chicken strips I've ever had. I order the baked strips, grilled veggies and wasabi cream and chili sauce. It's fantastic every single time. Service is quick (which is good since lunch time is crowded). It's a very small place so be prepared to either wait for a table or just order to go. The bakes mac and cheese is also great, especially if you throw some of their buffalo sauce on top! 

You should try BFG, they're great.
Don't believe the hype! I won't say this place is awful, but it's nothing to write home about.

I heard about BFG over a year ago, and I kind of forgot about it. It resurfaced in my mind a few days ago, and I just had to try it. 

Maybe I expected too much? I ordered the baked chicken. with the mac and cheese. Don't expect to just walk in and get your food in a minute or two. You'll be waiting a few, especially if they are busy. It's completely worth it though..  the food was still steaming by the time I got to my house in the Aliante area. I was impressed.

My order consisted of baked chicken with honey mustard and BFG sauce, and the mac and cheese. The chicken was fine. Nothing that I couldn't prepare myself. The mac and cheese was completely disappointing! It looks so good from the pictures I've seen, but it was complete bland. A soupy mac and cheese covered in cheese. Boring! The best thing on my plate was the honey mustard sauce. That's kinda sad....

The service is awesome. The staff is really friendly! I think I paid just under $7 bucks, which really wasn't bad. I just wish the good was better.
You had me at Panko! Fried chicken strips with choice of buffalo or wasabi cream sauce, a side of fries and a drink... a good tasty meal deal. I'm not a big fan of wasabi in general, but this sauce had me dipping for more. It was kickin sweet and worth the try.

Menu is simple, prices are great and food is tasty. Will be coming back for more!
Chicken with benefits... or maybe options. That is the essence of BFG. This is high quality chicken, with a bunch of sauces. Admit it, you know that sauce is boss. It can make or break the deal. Luckily, if it breaks the deal in this case - it's probably your fault.

As the name says, you have options of baked, fried, or grilled chicken strips. I opt for grilled more often than not. I pick some veggies on the side, and I profit. I devour these plates. It is simple and delicious. If you're feeling a little less healthy than I am, you should definitely opt for fried, get a side of mac and cheese, and chow down. You always have a choice. Deep.

Stop in! It might be a little hard to spot, being next to a Home Depot, but it's worth the search.
Panko crusted chicken strips are 4.5 stars!! Everything else is ok...
Like many kids, our boys love chicken strips.  Dad and boys brought home the family meal while making a Home Depot run, so we tried it all.
Nothing special with the baked and grilled tenders or the fries/bread/veggies.   The mac and cheese is pretty darn good though!  We had about 6 sauces and our favorites were the unique ones:  wasabi, BFG, buffalo and sweet chili.  We'll definitely be back for those panko babies!!
I had to see what the hype was about these chicken strips.  My friend and I stopped here on the way to the outlets.  It's a pretty small place with a few tables, but it wasn't very busy when we arrived.  I ordered four individual strips so we could try all of them, while she ordered the grilled strips meal with a side of mac and cheese.  The mac and cheese was really good!  The cheese on top was baked well, and the cheese inside was very creamy.  It's probably fake cheese, but I like fake cheese.  The strips themselves were very moist but a little small.  We tried the bakes, fried, and grilled strips.  My favorite was, of course, the fried.  The batter was light and crisp - I think someone said the breading is panko?  We got two sauce, the Chili Thai and the BFG sauce, which is similar to Thousand Island.  The Chili Thai sauce was dark brown rather than red and had a kick to it, but it was good.  I liked it more than the BFG sauce.  However, I do think that the sauce at Raisin' Cane's is the best.  We also ordered the Thai Ice Coffee.  My friend really liked it bc it wasn't very sweet, whereas I had to put more sugar in mine.  Thai Iced Coffee is  usually pretty sweet, but this one wasn't.  Overall, it was a good meal for under $7, though if you're hungry, you better order a bunch of strips!
Yummy. Had the grilled and panko chicken strips both very good. The grilled strips have a sweet honey marinade flavor. The panko strips were light, breading was not heavy or greasy. Tried the mac and cheese which was ok. The mozzarella crust on top was good but the mac and cheese part was a bit too rich in cheddar flavor. Tasted like velveeta. The grilled veggies weren't bad. A good healthy option. Even though it's off the strip, I'd go again next time I'm in Vegas.
Really good! Fast, too! And, they are so friendly! Will definitely be back.
If you have a hankering for chicken strips this is the place to go!  Lots of options for dipping sauces and perfect atmosphere for kids!
B(aked) F(ried) G(rilled) .. ahh hah! ..BFG..The concept where you get to choose the way your chicken is cooked, baked, fried or grilled  sounded cool..!!...Im not  a big chicken strip eater but wanted to see what was the big deal about this place.

Both Mr. B. and I  ordered ours fried. Since Im a fan of panko crusted anything this chicken strip was already a plus in my book. Chicken was juicy and flavorful.  The mac n cheese side was oozing comfort food, hot and cheesey.  My grilled veggies were good as well! Counter service staff was super friendly. The boss was there and true to the many reviews, he acknowledged and greeted almost every customer even though he was clearly busy. 

All I got to say is that both Mr. B and I are happy we did check this place  out while we were in the area. BFG won me over and now Im a fan of chicken strips, at least the way they are made here!
It's been a while since I wrote my initial review for BFG but I went back a few days ago and some things have changed so I'm updating.

1st off, ownership of the place has changed so that was kind of a shocker because I was so accustomed to Jin and his awesome customer service. The new staff is cool and the customer service is average now but in my old review I mentioned that I felt like a friend or a family member rather than just a customer. That statement is no longer true. It is because of this reason that my rating has dropped.

NOT TO WORRY THOUGH.

Nothing about the food has changed. Everything I have said about the food before still remains true. It's still awesome and still worth the trip. Good eats fellow Yelpers :)
WINNER! WINNER! CHICKEN (STRIPS) DINNER!

Looks like Raising Cane's just might have some competition! When you think of chicken strips, what comes to mind is deep fried battered chicken strips. Traditionally, that's what has always been known. 

But then this place turns it up a notch, actually two notches, not just by offering you FRIED, but also GRILLED and BAKED as well. 

It's not just your typical battered fried, but they use PANKO breading, which makes it very crispy on the outside while it stays juicy on the inside. 

At first I thought the GRILLED would be kind of dry, but with the first bite, I was pleasantly suprised at how tender and juicy it was with the taste of Asian marinade and honey.

Same goes for the BAKED. It has a wonderful rotisserie flavor to it.

As for the sides, you have BAKED MAC N CHEESE, FRENCH FRIES, and GRILLED VEGGIES. You can't go wrong with these selections but make sure at least one of your choices is the baked mac n cheese. Not only is it what you expect, but they also put MOZZARELLA on top of it!

Of course you gotta have a sauce to dip you chicken strips in so here's the lowdown.
You get your choice of 9 sauces. (in alphabetical order)

1. Barbeque
2. BFG
3. Buffalo
4. Cheese 
5. Honey Mustard
6. Ranch
7. Sweet Chili
8. Teriyaki
9. Wasabi Cream

These are all self explantory except for BFG and Wasabi Cream.
The BFG is there secret signature sauce comparable to Raising Canes. The Wasabi Cream tastes just like a sweet, cream cheese type of sauce with just a little bit of spicy kick of wasabi.

Since this is the only location in existence, any time you are in the area, try to take advantage if you are close by. If you are gonna dine in be aware that they only have about 6 tables inside and about 3 tables outside. They are located to the left of Home Depot.

All in all, I would definitely go back and recommend this place to anybody. Service was nice and they get your food out to you pretty quick. The one only negative I can say is that the strips are just a tad bit small. If you are really hungry, you just might have to order extra strips or sides to compensate. 

So what are you doing still reading this review? Go already! What are you, chicken? LOL.
Pros:
Great customer service (friendly, prompt, social, stickers for children)
Great prices ($20 for 2 adult meals, kids meal and 2 extra strips)
Great strips (grilled and baked are actually better than the fried)
Great sauces (sweet chili all the way!)

Cons:
Mac and cheese looks much better than it tastes. Pretty average actually.
Strips are not very big (order extra).

Overall a great place....I will be back on future trips to vegas.
omg best place eveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer. I love you bfg
Our usual trips to Vegas always include a stop at BFG but we were sad to discover on this trip that the ownership has changed hands.  Jin apparently sold the spot and has moved on.  Man, I'm seriously going to miss that guy, he was way awesome and made our chicken strip dining experience amazing each and everytime.

Another negative is that the prices have gone up a bit.  But thankfully the food quality is still the same.  The customer service is definitely nowhere near the level that Jin provided and for that, it gets docked a star but the food is still solid and they still serve the best chicken strips in Vegas!

Wasabi Cream still reigns supreme, GET IT!
Read the reviews and had to try it out, I liked the fact that they give you the option of baked, grilled or fried. I ordered the baked strips with a side of grilled veggies, and my husband had the fried fingers with a side of Mac and cheese. Pretty darn tasty! My husband literally inhaled the Mac and cheese. We had ranch and buffalo sauce for dipping and they were both good. We went right before lunch hour rush and it was already busy. It's not a big establishment and there's not many spots for seating. Because its so small, once it's packed it feels like people are hovering over your table while you eat, so I would say that's the biggest downfall.
I really wish I lived in Las Vegas. I would eat at this place all the time.

This place has a small menu, and everything on it, they do right. The prices were incredible, too! We ordered a whole bunch of food, got plenty full, and only spent $14!

Before I start, BEST GRILLED VEGETABLES EVER. Perfectly cooked, great grill marks, fresh, tasty veg. YAY!!! If you like spicy, grab the sriracha on the counter and squeeze it on the veggies. A-mazing.

The fried chicken strips, with a crispy panko crust, are the best. Our next favorite were the grilled, followed by the baked. They were all plenty good, though!

Their sauces were awesome. Loooved the honey mustard. BBQ sauce was good!

The baked mac and cheese is really cheesy--medium cheddar sauce, mozzarella crust. Rich, but it's a small side portion and ends up being perfect.

Service was great too--the employees looked like they might be a bunch of punks, but they were super polite and courteous and even made friendly small talk with us as they came around and cleaned up tables! They even remembered that we were in town on a road trip when they came out and chatted with us about that. Good employees!!!

Everything was so good. My stomach is growling writing this. Why am I 500 miles away?! We'll be back next time we're in town for sure. Wish they did desserts! I bet they'd do really good ones.
This was a fun little place that has a testy thing going for it. In Las Vegas in early December for the Rock n' Roll Marathon we discovered all the things a chicken can do! Ok, not ALL but many ways one can choose to cook it. BFG means baked, fried, grilled and I surprisingly really liked everything ordered. Here's the run down, baked and fried chicken, both moist and good flavor. Baked Mac n' Cheese, comes in a small mini pie tin. It's very cheesy! And unexpectedly the best item was the nachos! Really good. Tip: ask for a side of BBQ sauce and drizzle it on top of the nachos for a little more enjoyment. The owners name is Matt, he said he was "Chicken Charlie's cousin!" He's VERY friendly.
Good food!

Went with the fried and grilled sets.  Both were good, but I liked the fried ones best....the breading is soft and yummy, and chicken is tender on both.

The real winner here are the sauces.  If I was eating everything without the sauces, it would be pretty boring IMO.  They have a handful of sauces, and our favs were the wasabi and the sweet chili.  The honey mustard was good, as was the teriyaki.

And the mac and cheese is very good!  Easily the best mac and cheese that isn't in a gourmet setting that I have enjoyed so far.

The baby loved all the food, and had tons of fun dipping into all the goodies here.  Should be a cool place to bring the little ones!

And just like everyone else said, the portions of chicken are a little on the small side...the 4 piece combo filled me up for the most part, but don't expect Canes sizes or you should be ordering extra pieces.  They really just need to offer a 6 piece combo, and I think that will fill up most everybody.

And the service for a fast food joint was very good.  Friendly counterstaff, talkative, and they even checked on us during and after the meal.  Drop something in their tip cup!

We will be back :)
Truly one of the best little places in Vegas. Clean and well priced, this restaurant has a simple menu but everything is spectacular. I will admit, I'm not easy to please, when it comes to food, but this place is great.
Fried crispy goodness! I can't comment on the baked or grilled chicken because I can't get past ordering the fried! The breading is a very light panko mixture and it makes for some juicy chicken fingers. The sauces I'm still trying out, but the standouts are the BFG sauce, the teriyaki and the honey mustard. The accompanying garlic bread is consistently fresh. The mac and cheese comes out hot and gooey and tasting like homemade. It's a generous portion although it's so good I rarely leave any leftovers. My latest trip here was immediately following a 90 minute massage from the best foot spa and I must say it was a magical night! The price is perfect and there's never a long wait. The employees are overtly friendly and seem genuinely interested in you enjoying their establishment. What's not to love?
My new fave American food in town. My hubby and I like to search yelp and see what is a 4 1/2 to 5 star place and try it. No matter how far it is. That's what brought us from Henderson to Rainbow and 95. 

We were greeted by a friendly person who ended up being one of the owners, Matt. I noticed right away that he really did have a passion for what he does. I think that the most successful people differ from the others because of their passion. With his help, we ordered the family meal which more than fed me, hubby, syd, cam, and luke. And might I add that we are all big eaters and all have active Yelp profiles detailing our eating escapades (except for luke, he's 3). First, the baked mac n cheese was a revelation. I can make some good stuff, but this one closely rivals my own personal recipe. It's sooo delish. The fries and the veggies were stellar. The chicken comes in 3 styles: baked with rotisserrie season, fried with panko, and grilled with asian marinade. My hubby asked which I liked the best and I couldn't even choose. 

They are embarking on a catering biz, too. We have committed to Matt to use him for the whole next year of kid birthday parties. This is the perfect food for a crowd, or to drop into for a quick lunch. 

They are located next to Home Depot on the garden side. I would recommend them to anyone that likes homestyle food that's hot and fresh.
I can't believe how many times I passed this little place in the last few years. I worked 5 minutes away from this place and never stopped. I remember thinking chicken strips? What? Boo!  Instead of stopping at BFG, I ate at several other mediocre spots in the area. Shame on me for being a HATER!

A few weeks ago, one of my coworkers had lunch at her desk and it smelled terrific. I peeked in, and asked what she was eating. She told me she was eating grilled chicken and veggies from BFG. She then proceeded to tell me that you can order your chicken baked, fried, or grilled. I then made it a point to review it on yelp and noticed all the wonderful reviews this place received.
 
This past weekend, my family and I wanted to try something different. I suggested BFG, and off we went. At this point, I still didn't put it together that the place I was searching for was the same place I dissed time and time again. 
When we pulled up, I was like oh -this place? We ran in because it was freezing cold outside, and ordered the family special. 

We ordered 10 fried strips, 5 baked, and 5 grilled. I can't even make an argument on which version was better. I loved them all equally--just like my kids!  The baked chicken was seasoned perfectly, and no dipping sauces were needed.   I added a dash of hot sauce to the grilled chicken and I was in heaven. The best thing about eating the fried strips was the Chile sauce that was available for dipping. Oh man-that was good! 

The sides were good too! The baked mac n cheese was done perfectly, and the fries were crispy and delicious. The garlic bread was mediocre, but who cares!  I have never seen my kids eat so fast.... 

Co-owner Matt was super friendly and even gave us a sample of their chicken nachos to try! He mentioned that they were starting to cater on the side. Immediately, my wife booked him for our daughter's birthday in February. Oh, and my Son's birthday in April! Sorry Matt--you asked for it! 

I love this place! Chicken strips at their best!
I consider myself a regular here. (I'm not sure if Yelp does just yet!) I won't get into the details of how good the food is because there are so many other reviews that share sentiments that I can co-sign for. I will say that there is a noticeable difference in the environment since the new ownership has taken over. I like the direction and exuberance that the new guys have. The customer service is sincere and genuine and they constantly want to know what they can do to better serve their clientele. To me, these are signs of a successful business in the making. Well, it already is! Cheers.
This tiny little place is soon to become one of my favorite chicken joints.

BFG stands for Baked, Fired, Grilled.  The chicken strips here are, obviously, served 3 ways...

I have tried fried & grilled and I am impressed with the flavor.  The wasabi cream dipping sauce is divine.  As for sides, I have tried & enjoyed only the grilled veggies (2 skewers of zucchinni, onions, & grape tomatoes) and the baked macaroni & cheese.  Again, very good flavor & 2 kinds of cheese on the mac & cheese.  The other item I have tasted isn't strictly in the BFG category : the Chicken Nachos.  Refer to Angela H.'s review on this item of which I wholeheartedly agree.  After I have tried more items and the quality remains consistent, I'll probably upgrade my rating to 5/5...

Last visit here I went with a 2 strip combo. This comes with 2 chicken strips (duh), one side, a dipping sauce, & a 12oz drink for $4.95 (I think).  I decided on the healthy route & got grilled strips (with some type of lightly sweet Asian marinade) and the grilled vegetables.  The taste was outstanding. 

The owner came out, knew the person I was with and remembered my face from my last visit.  He really wanted to know my name and it seems he is genuinely interested in pleasing his customers.

Lastly, it is open until 10 pm every day, so you can get your eat on relatively late.
A few weeks ago my in-laws were in town visiting, including my mother-in-law who is the pickiest person on the planet when it comes to food. One night there was a special request for chicken fingers, which resulted in me bookmarking BFG for future enjoyment, since the thought of panko-breaded fingers was too much for her to handle.

Last night the hubster and I were in the area, and decided to finally give it a try. We ordered a four and two finger combo, with four fried fingers and two baked fingers, one mac & cheese, fries, and three sauces - BBQ, BFG, and wasabi cream.

I wish we would have had a dozen of the baked fingers - they were honestly that good. Extremely moist, well-seasoned, and flavorful. They were even better with a bit of the wasabi cream (although I was hoping that the sauce would be slightly more pungent.

The fried fingers were a little disappointing. They were definitely crispy, and still moist, but I was surprised by the blandness. The BBQ sauce was pretty standard, but the BFG sauce was too sweet and 1000 Island-esq for my liking. The cheesy crust on the mac & cheese was nice, but I thought the noodles/sauce needed more seasoning.

Overall, this is a solid place, and I'll definitely be back when I'm in the neighborhood - specifically to get the baked fingers, wasabi cream, and probably the grilled veggies.
You have to order the 6pc as they aren't so big. This place is all about quality, best tasting chicken strips I have ever had. The baked Mac is awesome.
The staff here are AWESOME!! I would come back just to visit them haha.

I definitely enjoyed the food--the chicken was good, the sauces were varied and delicious. But I'm not a huge chicken strips person, so I can't get super excited about it. If you like chicken strips, you'll probably love it though!!
Okay, I've been going to BFG's since they first opened when I was in highschool and Jin still ran the place. A new management later and an improved menu, I'm still a die-hard fan of the chicken strips. Can't beat that, or their beer battered fries! Everyone who works there is super helpful and happy, and I love that they love their customers! They even remember names and orders, and post photos of customers on their facebook page. Very down to earth with out of this world food!
We decided to try this place after reading good reviews, We are glad we did.  The chicken strips are delicious,fresh,juicy made to order you can taste the freshness of the ingredients.  We met one of the owners, he was super nice and working just as hard as the rest of the guys there.  Since it was our first time eating there he offered to give us some  complimentary grilled chicken strips so we could try them since we had  ordered the fried ones.  After tasting we decided to order more and we also ordered the chicken nachos which were delicious too.  The place is very clean a little small though but that was not an issue since there wasn't many people when we went.  The portions are good. The mac and cheese is very good and fresh too. They are super nice and friendly and they care about their customers. I have to admit though we did feel a little out of place at first because their customers are mostly very young hip crowd. But We will definitely go back because they have good food at a good price.  We are soo glad we tried this place.
Thanks to my savvy yelping, I managed to to find this little gem when my friend and I were running to her bank on lunch break. While I was waiting on her, I hit the "nearby" button on the mobile app and BFG was right on top of the list.

We were in a rush so I read her the last couple of top tips on the place... She ordered the baked strips and I ordered 5 fried strips a la carte with ranch and wasabi cream (yelpers know everything - thanks guys for the tip)..

We took it to go, but drooled as we saw those dining in munching on their food. It was a tiny little place but the service was great (the guy that handed us our to go order - I really believed him when he said - Have a nice weekend).

Our food was piping hot and super moist and crunchy. I really liked it.

my ONLY complaint was I paid 40 cents a piece for the sauce and it was a tiny little cup that was barely half full. I mean - I barely had enough for 3 strips. Fill er up please for next time!!

I am definitely coming back though - and ordering the mac and cheese because every table in there (lol so like 6) had some mac and cheese on it and it looked amazing.

Definitely worth a try --- it was pretty awesome!
Unfortunately, this place isn't as good as it used to be, which is sad because it's convenient to a lot of places I have to go when I'm in the area.
Place was awesome, we came here for dinner on a weeknight so it wasn't crowded at all. We got to meet the owner and he was a super cool guy just doing what he loves. The chicken strips were awesome and the Mac n' cheese was BOMBBB. The sauces were perfect and there's nothing I could complain about this place. It's a small local spot so this place is perfect and will be back again.
The best chicken fingers! Every time I go in that place it's crowded. Great service and amazing food. Don't even think of getting any side other than the mac n cheese. You'll regret it! I've sent so many people there, and they all love the place! Can we get one on the southwest side
BFG-BFG-BFG!

Baked / Fried / Grilled... your choice for the perfect chicken fingers is located right here at BFG chicken Strips...

Located in a small outskirt strip mall under the bright lights of Sin City, here lies a delicious little chicken finger heaven!

It's got little something for everyone!  You want to go unhealthy yet deliciously crunchy, go with the fried version... want it little healthier?  Go with either the baked or the grilled version!  

Complementary partner?  The perfect mac and cheese!

Lots of sauces to choose from!  Favorite was the wasabi cream!  

I believe they also sell Korean dishes too as a special!

Service is super nice!  Word around is that this place is the hit!  And guess what?  IT IS!

So when you get the opportunity to visit LV... be sure to take a moment and try this little chicken finger joint out!  You won't be disappointed!
Did I really just drive 13 miles for some chicken strips? Sho nuff. This easily bumped the other contender in town off my list for favorite chicken fingers (sorry Cane's). If it's baked, fried or grilled you're looking for, they have it here. I had to go with fried, as I wasn't on my eternal diet at the time, I can't tell if they use panko or what but whatever it is, it's delicious. Tried the wasabi cream to dip it in and mac & cheese for my side, this was an all around comfort food win.
Great local place!! Check it out
The price is right and they are always super friendly.  My family loves both the baked and grilled. I love the sweet chili sauce and wasabi cream.  It's a small little place and there's a little bit of a longer wait for the grilled strips, but definitely worth it.
I don't get all the great reviews?  
Pros:  Grilled veggies, inexpensive, friendly staff
Cons: Long waits, lack of choices for drinks, chicken is not great.
Great place for some amazing food! The customer service is amazing, Matthew the owner is absolutely great. He takes care of us everytime we come in. The food is fresh, inexpensive, and the portion is just right.Highly recommended!
There's new ownership, but the menu hasn't changed!

Chicken: 2 pieces or 4. Baked, Fried, or Grilled. I always go baked or grilled, but I hear the fried is good, too, if you like that.

Sides: French fries, grilled veggies, or mac and cheese. Or as we call it: CRACK and cheese! It's delicious, and it's my diet-killer! I *should* eat the veggies, but I always end up with the yummy baked mac n cheese.

All that for under $7.

Under new ownership, they have something new: REAL SUGAR SODAS! Yes! They're a little more expensive, but soooo worth it! And they still have the soda fountain and excellent iced tea options as well.
I see this place has a following and I don't know if I'm one of the many. Unless there's a separate group just for the creamy wasabi sauce, then yes. I'm in. 

The place is cute and little and the boys that were working there when my family and I stopped by were SUUUPER friendly and helped us out a lot since we told them that it was our first time coming in.

I ordered the grilled chicken strips and my bf and baby got the crispy ones. The grilled chicken was delicious, I liked the panko breaded crispy ones and we ordered a bunch of sauces but none of them stood out like the creamy wasabi did. I honestly just want to go there and order a tub of that stuff so I can slather it on whatever I eat at home and other restaurants. Their grilled vegetables still had a lot of crisp to them (which I appreciate) and their french fries were......I can't remember. They're french fries. They were hot, crispy, and they had carbs.

I liked that the macaroni and cheese has a crusty top, but when I ate a spoonful of it, it really didn't blow me away. I mean it's faaaaaaar from being the disgusting kraft mac and cheese with the gross cheese powder, but I feel like the Velveeta Shells Mac N' Cheese is better.

Although they were pretty tasty, I didn't really leave the place excitingly planning out my next visit. It was sort of "meh" to me. Don't get me wrong, the place is great, friendly staff, and food is pretty good........buuuuut it just lacked something I just can't put my finger on.
I've seen pictures of my friends posting the food from here on Instagram and the looked amazing. I decided to try it out and I immediately became a fan. The staff is very nice and as a first timer, they were helpful with my order. I got the 6 grilled chicken strips with a side of Mac' n Cheese with Wasabi Cream and Sweet Chili sauce and they were delicious. The chicken was very fresh and hot right off the grill, the Mac n' Cheese was just AMAZING, very cheesey and flavorful. The wasabi sauce tasted just like wasabi (not as strong) when I was expecting some fake wasabi and they're just calling it that; but no, it was delicious. it was very  It's not too expensive, not overrated, and not too hyped like Raisin' Canes. I was very pleased with my experience here and I will definitely be visiting again.
Finally got to try this place with the kids,  wasn't terribly impressed Mac n Cheese was better than KFC and the panko breaded strips need a Lil salt n pepper.  Will be back for the the Mac though!
Love this place! Simple menu and delicious food. Wish there were more sauce choices (yes, there are quite a few already), maybe a Southwest Ranch or something. But, regardless, it's still all good!
I used to go to BFG often with some friends after school. It was nice! The staff was cool, the strips were awesome and that mac and cheese! Yum!

After they changed management, it didn't seem as... fun? 

I ordered my usual: 4 Grilled strips, Mac and Cheese, 2 pieces of bread (you can exchange one sauce for that) and Wassabi Cream. The cashier wasn't very welcoming and the counter felt cluttered with their BUY MY EXTRA DRINKS thing... Like, they sell other drinks in bottles and such. Yeah, I like the iced tea machine they have. That's nice. 
Sad to say, the chicken was dry, the food wasn't taken to us (I was spoiled before. Oops. :L) and the bread shrunk! 

It was alright. I still enjoy going here every so and so. I like their food. Their mac and cheese is awesome. Wassabi cream is awesome sauce. The wall is also awesome. It's so cute. :3
Real tiny spot with real big value for your buck.  Great food matched by great service.  We had the grilled chicken strips and the fried chicken strips.  Both were very tender and tasty, I couldn't decide which I liked better.
Why has it taking me SO long too get me some BFG? Thankfully I cam say finally got me some. Sure so many reviews not sure much more could add but think every great establishment can always use another great review! It all starts with the customer service and the personnel touch both co owners show from the minute you walk into BFG. It was my first visit so looking at the menu little confusing but he did awesome job of explaining everything too me. Very clear, friendly, and understanding manner. Each step you get choice way chicken cooked, different sauces (thinking just get one; my surprise get two choices!!!), and the sides. Not just one option but few options on the sauces and sides. If get the combo comes with garlic bread. I needed too add honesty earlier because I was looking too try as much things being my first time. He told me comes with the garlic bread since going too order one on the side. Little things or sense of personnel touch gets lost in restaurants. They have stamp card too. Woot! Woot! More reason too keep coming back for more.

The chicken strips LOVE the breading anything with panko winnah. It such cleaner breading for any protein, just lighter and crisper breading outside. The meat is perfectly cooked, moist, and juicy on the inside. The sauces Wow so many too choose from need too got back try more. I had the honey mustard and the BFG. I fan of both. The sides looking at other customers going fries but it looked too good pass up. I was not disappointed. You would think fast food type of chain thinking mac and cheese. Not sure. The mac and cheese was da bomb. It was rich with the cheddar flavor, creamy, the pasta cooked al dente, and the cheese melted top it off was just perfect topping. All this for under ten dollar if that not steal of deal not sure what else there is in life. 

I went for lunch talk about packed. I had too wait too get place too sit down. It soooo worth the wait. They have couple tables on the outside too. I really like the artwork on the side once you walk in. It has personality of its own cartoonist style but on point too the theme of the restaurant. If never been too BFG or enjoy fried chicken strip must stop in Vegas.
So I have to eat healthy says my doctor & my high blood pressure. So I was told thru the great vine that BFG cooks up good chicken. God I hate rumors and this is a perfect example as to why I cant stand a bunch of she said he said they said we said. Looks can be deceiving this is a very true statement. Anyway once in side the BFG it was packed so I felt good that this was a good decision to come here. 
I'm thinking its so packed in here this is going to be so good. Boy was I wrong. So we order food yes the husband was with me.
 Chicken mac & cheese ( Please see my pictures) along with other items. I have to tell you guys this was nothing but a mind game. I am still asking myself how can the line be outside if the food does not taste like anything. Its flavor less. It taste like it came from a common school cafeteria ewww!
It took me back to elementary, middle school & high school. I looked at my husband and said I should have packed my own lunch. lol On my way out I saw a sticker from YELP by the front door I wondered if I was being punked and I also wondered if Ashton Kutcher would jump out from behind a car with a camera crew. Some one fooled YELP this food gets a big fat zero I wish I could take the one star back. They get a negative zero. I'm still at a lost for words on how they got the yelp sticker on the door. (MAYBE IT'S NOT REAL)
Finaaaallly got to czech this place out and for once the hype is true.

Tucked away next to Home Depot, this small mom n pop restaurant serves up some great fingers and sides with their own twist on the dipping sauces. You pick from 1 of 3 kinds of fingers - baked, fried or grilled (hence the name BFG and yea I just figured that out). The food is resonably prices and for $7 I was impressed at the amount and quality of the food I got.

The side of choice seems to be baked mac and cheese which along any cheese-lover's dream come true. Custom made dipping sauces do not disappoint. The wasabi cream, and the BFG add a great kick of flavor to any panko crusted finger. The staff is super friendly, as first timers they were able to walk us through the menu and had their own recommendations. This spot is defitnely worth checking out if you're in the area.

Oh and the giant chicken mural inside is AWESOME!
If chicken's could strip, they would be found at BFG's.  Their chicken is pure sexy deliciousness. I usually don't like white meat because it gets dry so quickly, but the guys at BFG do it right. Tender, juicy, and moist. You can even be fancy and choose 2 different sauces! Say what? yup. Give their sides a try. The veggies are yummy, and the baked mac and cheese will make you take your clothes off. Ok, not really, but you get the point.
The food was really good. It's close to my house. They support our local high school. So much going for the place, but best of all: best customer service I've seen in a long time! Love this place!!
So friendly!! :)

This place is perfection! The menu is simple, the prices are on point and everything was delicious. I only wish there were more locations!
This place is awesome...It is located next to The Home Depot on Rainbow bet. Alta and Charleston.  By far the best chicken strips around.  Raising Cane..bah bye...BFG blows you away.  Not only are the chicken strips perfect (any way you order them...baked, fried or grilled) but they have the best mac and cheese and a ridiculous choice of dipping sauces...the two signature sauces are BFG and the wasabi cream (my fav)...this stuff has to bottled it is so good.  My husband and I just went back tonight after about a month or two and found out that "The Hot Chick" is  back on the menu...permanently.  This is a must have...presented like a hot dog (hence the name)...but sooo much better.  Do yourself a big favor...run don't walk to this place...you will not be disappointed...not with the food...not on the customer service...all top notch all the way.
BFG is OMG so effing good! the service is so good I think they are on something. lol. wonderful people who care so much so that I think they are the owners of the place. yes, all of them are the owners. Anyways, you get my point. I love going to BFG and sometimes I even take the family meal with me (Even though I'm single and live alone) I eat BFG for 2-3 days. the mac and cheese is to die for! my favorite chicken strips is fried though. second place is baked and third is grilled.
All in all I highly recommend it. 
if Raising Canes need to worry about competition from anyone, its BFG Chicken Strips.
Not really sure why all the great reviews. I got the Fried strips. They were just ok. Without any sauce they are really flavorless. Much prefer Raising Canes. Had the famous Mac N Cheese...again just ok, no flavor. The BFG sauce was pretty decent. Would possibly go back if in the neighborhood and need some grub, but wouldn't go out of my way for it.
I feel a little guilty giving only four stars as the employees were extremely helpful and friendly. If I owned a business, I'd want my employees to be just like those that helped me at BFG.

We drove here from the Strip because of all the good reviews (and my son loves chicken strips).

The food was good. Four star good. Even considering that is a a good value, I can't give it five stars
OMG Yumm. If I keep eating here BFG is going to stand for Big Fat Girl. I've been here at least once  a week since discovering the place. I always get the fried strips which have a light and crispy breading that can't be beat. The chicken is juicy and fresh. The Mac And Cheese is the best I've had- Soooo cheesy and always warm. The garlic bread is a lovely addition and the BFG sauce is sooooo yummy and perfect with the fried strips. Prices for combos are really reasonable and always include a drink. The service has never been anything less than stellar- they are always sweet to my son and have a frequent visitors card. 
All in all, I LOVE this place and will continue to make the trip to the neighborhood to indulge. It's converted me, and I used to be a die hard Canes fan.TRY IT!
Great chicken strips.  My wife and I ordered the panko crusted fried and the grilled chicken strips, with Mac and cheese, garlic bread and dipping sauces. 

The chicken strips were very juicy and had a lot of flavor.  Especially the grilled ones. You're always skeptical about ordering grilled chicken because it's usually dry, these were far from it. 

The Mac and cheese was also delicious.  Very cheesy and a great crust of cheese on top.  Could have used a little more salt though.  Garlic bread could have just been left out.  Nothing special there.  

Dipping sauces were the best part of the meal.  The wasabi cream was the best.  The sweet chili dipping sauce and the honey mustard had great flavor.  The BFG sauce was just a plain old fry sauce with a little extra acid. 

Overall a great meal.  We will be back.
I just dropped by here again this evening.  This place is always wonderful.  I live on the east side and make the drive all the way across town to enjoy this place!  I've never tried the fried strips, but the grilled and baked strips are both juicy and flavorful with their respected marinades.  The Mac & Cheese was on point, as usual; browned top layer of mozzarella covering a generous portion of creamy, cheesy macaroni.  The garlic toast is just so-so, but a thoughtful addition to the meal. I've tried most of the sauces, and I have to say that the Wasabi Cream is by far the best.  The Teriyaki is also a good compliment.  I plan to try the honey-mustard on my next visit!  I want to try the grilled veggies also... They look incredible, but I can never bring myself to part with the Mac & Cheese!
My wife and I love this place! Went for the first time yesterday. I got fried strips, she got  baked, and we added a grilled strip or a dollar extra. I swear you can't go wrong! All were equally tasty. Our favorite sauces were wasabi creme, and sweet chili. The mac and cheese is the mac and cheese of my dreams! They also offer vegetables and fries as sides. The service was helpful and friendly which is good because my wife always has a lot of questions at new places. Can't wait to go again!
My favorite place in town! The friendliest staff out there and by far the greatest chicken and Mac n Cheese in the world. I love The Thia Tea  and well Everything else about this place. It is the only place I have ever been considered a "Regular" in Las Vegas. If you haven't tried BFG yet you're totally missing out.
Probably the best decision I made a few weekends ago in Vegas.

I had BFG bookmarked and was determined to get off the strip and stop in.  On a Saturday night I did just that. I was NOT disappointed in so many ways.

The place gets judged by its outter appearance and even from what you can see through the window but that didn't detour me.  I seen the rating and did no care.

I walked in with my mom and the employees were so nice!  One young male and one young female.  The female who was at the counter was so informative.  Not once was she rude, she was patient, and answered all our questions.  I wanted to try different types of strips but since the 4 piece meal didn't allow it she told me to get the kid's meal with 2 strips, a side, and then order 2 more strips on the side for about the same price.  I ordered 2 fried strips, 2 baked, mac & cheese, and grilled veggies.  She gave me regular size cup instead of kids size which was really nice of her.

Man o man, the ride back to the hotel was torture!  The food smelled soooooo good! I pretty much ran off the elevator to the room.  I dived right in and did not regret one bite.  Everything was so bomb.  Fried, baked, mac & cheese, veggies, dipping sauces.

I had the healthy and sinful side of this place and cannot wait to go back.
As good as it gets, pretty much sums it up. The chicken is perfect, sauces are great...wasabi cream is crazy good. Personal size Mac n cheese is fantastic...highly recommended
6 months later and BFG is still doing it right ;)
So BFG was created and owned by Jin and Tin who has now sold it to someone. Now, whenever ownership changes there is always a worry if it is for better or worse of the food and service. When a place that had a frontman bursting with personality that built a rapport with people, it's admittedly hard to not miss that. 

I am however pleased that the food is just as good, tastes the same. I got my favorite like always - the perfectly crisp fried strips, grilled veggie skewers or fries, honey mustard and wasabi. 

I like that the weekly specials like the hot chick and the nachos are just on the permanent menu instead of a weekly rotating special. No teriyaki bowl or bibimbap that I noticed being still on the menu. Sucks, teriyaki bowls here are great with the strips and I used to always order that. 

Service is efficient. They're friendly and smiley enough, but I guess things will never be the same if people aren't as personable. I know, I know. I sound like I'm whining over something trivial... 

Still, if you want some good basic comfort food chicken strips, this is where I go and you should too.
Good, fast & inexpensive. Definitely better than raising canes. I used to come here during my breaks from school since its so close. It gets busy during school hours but I've never waited longer than 10 mins. Great place to grab a quick bite to eat!
Finally, I received some tender loving! I have been wanting to come to BFG for the longest time. For those of you who aren't hip enough to know what BFG stands for, it means Baked, Fried or Grilled. You have the choice of choosing either of those three options. Upon walking in, I noticed that this placed had to be good because it was packed the whole time I was there. I ordered the 6 finger meal, which comes garlic bread, your choice of side (macaroni and cheese, fries or grilled veggies) and your choice of three sauces, too many to name right now. I got fried chicken tenders, mac n cheese and my sauces were ranch, BFG and the yasabi sauce.

The wait for the meal was not long at all, before I even expected it I was already greeted with a tray of my delicious foods. It's kind of hard to ruin chicken tenders, but there was something about these tenders that blew me away. They were delicious and cooked to perfection. The panko breading was a perfect compliment to the succulent chicken that was surprisingly juicy. Although I got fried, I will go back and try those baked tenders because I looked at a strangers plate and they looked freaking delicious. I got 6 tenders and I could only eat 4 of them, they are sized just right and not too small or too large.

I was super excited to try the macaroni and cheese and that was, admittedly, the first thing that I ended up trying. The M&C was baked in this generous tin and my gosh. Something so simple tasted so great. It had this layer of cheese baked right on top and I didn't want it to end, but my stomach did and I got super full really quick. But it was amazing.

The sauces were great, ranch was ranch. The BFG sauce tasted something like Thousand Island but I LOVED the Yasabi sauce. It wasn't spicy or anything, but it just tasted great. I loved it and kind of gave it all my love with my tenders. 

I'd recommend this place to anyone and I'm glad I was able to visit one of my Yelp bookmarks after numerous failed attempts to go. If you go, let me know cause I am down!
Good food and great service. The chicken and the baked mac and cheese was really good.   The mac and cheese was creamy and had a nice crisp cheese melted on top.   I like the variety of sauces they had to offer.   The guy working the counter Matt, was very nice and helpful.
Chicken done right...the panko breading is really good and the baked Mac & Cheese?!!?!! And did I say "the price is right?!?  Definitely a good alternative to fast food!
I was searching for new places to try out; I came across BFG. I ordered the panko covered fried chicken strips and mac & cheese. The chicken strips were tasty but I had to wait a little bit so it wouldn't burn my mouth. The mac & cheese was good and creamy. The staff were friendly.
I think I am in love!!!

After hearing about BFG Chicken Strips for months through the grapevine, I was finally able to get over there today and check this joint out.  And boy was I a happy camper once I got my delicious lunch!

As the name states, you can get chicken strips baked, fried, or grilled.  I went for fried because is there really a choice when fried is an option?  So I ordered the 4 piece combo and went for the mac n' cheese as a side.  I was with my mom who ordered the same except went for the fries, so I got to sample both.  

The mac n' cheese, as stated in so many other reviews, is simply amazing!  It was cheesy heaven with a bit of pasta thrown in to make it easier to eat.  Yummy!  The fries were right on as well.  Great crispy fries without being too crunchy.  They also have grilled veggies, but if it's healthy, I never get it, so I can't comment on that side option.

A great addition to the food were the numerous dipping sauce choices.  I love dipping stuff into other stuff. The more dipping options I have, the better!  I heart condiments.  With that being said, BFG has 9 sauces to pick from to dip your delicious chicken into.  We went with the BFG, BBQ, Honey Mustard, and Ranch sauces.  All were good but I do have to say the BFG sauce really complimented the chicken nicely.  As for the Honey Mustard, they must put crack in it, because I am addicted.  I don't even need to dip anything in it because I think I would drink it, if I could.  I'm a classy chick, can't you tell?

So yes, BFG Chicken Strips is a great hole in the wall place.  If you are in the area or love good chicken fingers, go check them out.
Wow this place definitely caught me by surprise... by how good it was.  We drove wayyyy west to try this chicken strip place on a Sunday afternoon for some late lunch.  The restaurant is in a strip mall near Home Depot and it can be easily missed.  Just drive along all the stores until you hit a square chicken head on a blue awning.

The menu is pretty simple:

1.  First you choose your combo, 2 pieces, 4 pieces,  or 6 pieces.  If you have 3 or more people the party platter of 20 seems like a good deal.  

2.  Then you choose your type of chicken.  BFG baked, fried, or grilled.  The baked chicken was my fave, tender and moist.  The fried had a delicious panko crust.  The grilled seemed like the healthiest of the bunch.  

3.  Next you choose your sauces.  This is when it gets fun.  The teriyaki goes well with the grilled.  The wasabi cream is unique sauce that is pretty popular.  My fave sauces have to be the regular BBQ and Ranch.  I love double dipping into those two and making it a mixture.  

4.  Get a side.  Grilled veggies, baked macaroni and cheese, or fries.  The veggies were well seasoned and the baked mac and cheese was super cute in a baby pie tin haha.  

5.  Last get your drink.  

Very reasonably priced for good quality chicken strips.  The customer service here is great too!  The sauces definitely make the meal.  An awesome place to pick up some appetizers for a party.  I would definitely consider a party platter next time I have to bring something over to someone's house.

P.S. You can add any type of chicken strip to your combo for $1 each.
Great food!
        +
Great Service!
        =
All you need!

Flavorful sauces and delicious mac & cheese!
Read the reviews and tried it first in February, 2013. The food and service were terrific.  The value it incredible.  We like to go to local restaurants while on vacation. Came back August 17, 2013, this place is fantastic!  Tender, moist chicken strips with all but two sauces homemade.  Try the teriyaki sauce with wasabi.  The couple next to our table, from Seattle, they also found the restaurant on yelp,  but researched 'Best Mac & Cheese in Vegas'. The Mac n' Cheese is the best I have ever had,  individually made and baked to perfection.  Mat delivered each order making sure customer was completely satisfied.  Rarely do you receive this high level of customer service anymore.  Will come back every time I am in town.  The name is changing to Strip n' Dip due to name duplication with a fish restaurant in another town.  Doesn't matter what the name is, you will call it delicious.
Food is pretty darn good, but the service is IMPECABLE!  Super-friendly, out of their way courteous.  What a joy!!

We tried all three types of strips, Baked, Fried, and Grilled.  All were yummy, and the Mac is D-Lish!  Family friendly.  We'll def be going back again!
Great friendly staff! It was our first time in here. Saw an article about this place in Las Vegas weekly a while back and have wanted to check it out since. I got the baked fingers and my son had the fried fingers. Both were very good (ya I stole a bite or two. Had to try it to review it right). We both got Mac n cheese as highly recommended by every other review and the staff. It was great!!! My picky eater even agreed! I was a little bummed they don't make their own ranch since they make almost every other sauce, I hate bottled ranch so I didn't even try. The cheese sauce is great for fries and I enjoyed the buffalo for my baked fingers. We will be back!
Quaint little place on Rainbow Plaza for some bomb chicken strips & Mac n Cheese? Count me in! 

Name has changed from BFG to Strip n Dip Chicken Strips, I'm assuming from change of owner? BFG logo is still on the big banner above the front door when I visited so just spot for that when you're looking for the place.

Onto the food: Delish! Ordered the Fried, Fries w/ Teri Sauce & Strip Sauce while the boyfriend opted for Baked, Mac n Cheese w/ Wasabi Cream & Sweet Chili. 

Chicken was moist & tender. Can't go wrong with panko breading either! Fries were crispy not soggy just how I like it. Pretty good portion for the Mac n Cheese too. Considering you have garlic bread to devour as well. 

The sauces were all so good, it was like a game which one I'd dip into. As everyone here says, wasabi cream was the best. Immediate wasabi flavor but dissipates afterwards which I appreciate so it's not too overwhelming.

All in all, great experience! Can't wait to go back and try the other sauces! Lol
food is amazing and the service is even better!  Definitely my new favorite close to home place.
great service and very cool dudes working there. we need a location out here in socal. best chicken strips ive ever had, with panko breading. wasabi cream sauce compliments perfectly. and that baked mac, im pretty sure i ingested some of the tin the baked mac is served in, just trying to get every morsel left of the cheesy crust. fried chicken strips were moist and tender and cooked perfectly.
Was in Las Vegas on business and need a place close to the office to pick up a quick bite to eat.  Happened upon this place due to the reviews I saw on here and decided to give it a shot.

I'm glad I did!  I ordered the 4 piece strip meal, fried, along with the baked mac 'n cheese.  I'd like to consider myself somewhat of a mac 'n cheese expert, one of my favorite sides, and this macaroni was full of cheesy goodness.  Absolutely devoured it!  The strips were nicely breaded and fried to a nice golden crunch and both the dipping sauces I received, buffalo and honey mustard were quite good as well.  

I wouldn't hesitate to come back and try some more when I'm back in town!
My love for chicken only heightened eating here..Amazing, you have a choice of grilled, baked or fried chicken strips. the Mac n' cheese is a must try ! And also chicken nachos. Although the place is a bit small the service from the employees & food make up for it.
Chicken strips, chicken sandwich... something chicken was what my husband and I were hankering for yesterday for lunch. Drive to St. George for Chik-Fil-A? Nah. Cane's? Hmm. Ah, so I consulted Yelp and up came Strip N Dip. I remember bookmarking this one awhile ago as BFG Chicken Strips. Apparently the restaurant has gone through some changes since then, and it had a stint where it was closed, but - it is back open and man, is it good.

The location is a little odd, tucked into a shopping center sandwiched between Albertsons and Home Depot. It is small, few tables and a bar, with a few tables for outdoor seating. But the inside is cool with vibrant posters and a digital menu reader board. 

My husband and I both opted for the fried 4-strip meal with the baked mac and cheese. The mac and cheese reminded me of a little personal pizza sitting in my basket. When I dug in its ooey-gooeyness and delicious cheesiness was sublime! I think more people should put cheese over macaroni like they do. 

As for the strips - absolutely perfectly done. Juicy and tender on the inside yet fried to a crispy, but not hard outside. The panko breading I really enjoyed, my husband said he would have rather had a normal batter-like outside like Cane's does. *shrugs* Dipping sauces - I went with the Strip Sauce, of course, had to try that one and it is very good and addicting. And I opted for the buffalo because I wanted a bit of heat. Both good, but next time I'm definitely going for that wasabi one. 

The service was SO NICE! These guys are really trying hard to make customers feel very welcome. You could even say it is a familial vibe here.

If you like Cane's, you must try Strip N Dip. Just for an alternative because they are really doing chicken strips right.
Color me impressed.  I decided to go to this place after much self-debate on what to eat, and I am really REALLY glad I went here.

$4.95 gets you a kids' meal - 2 strips, 1 side, 1 sauce and a  16oz drink.  That's awesome, and is also the perfect size for me.  Of course they have larger, too!

The BFG sauce is what I tried and I definitely liked it a lot with their tender, well-coated fried chicken fingers.  Downright delicious.

For my side, I chose the baked macaroni and cheese... it is so creamy and southern that it filled a hole I didn't even know I had from leaving Texas.

While the food is great, the customer service is on the same par.  Interactive, friendly, helpful but not to the point of invading your space.  They make it a point to remember your name and go above and  beyond.  Being in fanatical customer service myself, this gets crazy points in my book!

For a future work lunch, I will probably try and convince them to cater from this place.  Yum!
Amazingly good chicken strips and phenomenal mac and cheese.  

We met up with some friends here and were able to cobble together a table for 7 but otherwise, the restaurant is pretty small (and casual).  

I decided to be healthier and get the grilled chicken strips while hubby went all out with the deep fried ones.  I have to admit, though mine were good (maybe a touch on the salty side given that you get sauces), hubby's were so fantastic, even without sauce!  Our favorite sauces were honey mustard and the spicy Asian sauce, combined with some good 'ole fashioned sriracha.  

Who would have known chicken strips could be so wonderful?  The mac and cheese didn't hurt either - I can't remember the last time I finished and liked an entire serving of m&c.

Service was great and I love the name - somehow Vegas appropriate lol.
The chicken nachos are great!! Finely chopped chicken loaded with cheese, sour cream, and pico. Yum!! The Thai Iced Coffee was delicious. Very reasonably priced place for good quality food.
Visiting the other neck of the woods I was in the mood for a healthy alternative to traditional fast food. I'm not a fast foodie by any means but dinner time ran late and this girl wasn't in the mood to cook. 

Protein on the go! Strip N Dip offers healthy alternatives to the traditional (and most often) delicious deep friend chicken strips.  I ordered the baked AND grilled chicken strips (had to quality control them both), and I was pleasantly surprised by their flavor minus the delicious sauce options.  

A diverse selection of sauce options, veggies or carb-filled sides (mac & cheese, fries..) and garlic bread come with every order.

For the price and the food quality it's a nice alternative to traditional fast food.

The venue itself is filled with sass and the staff was nothing short of what customer service SHOULD be in this town.
This place is legit. Chicken is good, garlic is good and Mac and cheese is good. Only advice, eat slowly so you don't burn yourself like I did. Also, I hope they can give two garlic bread instead of one since portion is too small!
Really good chicken strips and darn good macaroni and cheese. Thanks to the really friendly staff for the suggestion of the Wasabi Cream dip. It is awesome and made me a big fan of this place. They offer the strips grilled, baked or fried, can't go wrong with any of them. All of the dipping sauces are great but try the Wasabi Cream.
The best chicken and mac&cheese in town, hands down. I ordered the grilled chicken with Mac and cheese while my hubby ordered the chicken nachos. The chicken was so tender and juicy. I'm not a macaroni and cheese person, but this one is so tasty. The chicken nachos was so tasty as well, it was absolutely made to perfection! I don't mind driving across town to eat their food. It is that good!
What a gem this place is! I wish there was a location in the southwest side of town, because I would go there everyday. I like to compare this place to In-N-out..... not that it is the same type of food, but it is similar in simplicity! They only have a few items on their menu (like in-n-out). It's just genius. I hate going to places that have a billion items on their menu and it takes me forever to look over everything and then the food is blah. This chicken strip place is awesome! 

Get your chicken strips either Baked, Fried, or Grilled! Simple as that! 
And the fried strips are coated in panko crumbs, which makes it taste better then regular battered fried chicken. 

Their frys are as expected.....BUT the baked Mac-N-Cheese is what makes it.
It comes in a round tin container, which doesn't seem like a lot, but it is plenty. It has this layer of cheese on top that is slightly burnt, not the gross burnt, but that slight cheese burnt. If you are a cheese lover, there is no denying this place's Mac-N-Cheese! 

It is also family owned which I love to support in this town! 

Lastly, their prices are reasonable, on the cheaper side. Its great that this place is in business. I hope they do well and open up more locations!
Simply amazing. The chicken is delicious fried, baked or grilled all very different and all taste amazing. Baked mac and cheese wow very good cooked to order fresh and hot. They make their own sauces and I must say another star I don't usually like honey mustard And I would come back here just for honey mustard lol but true it had the right amount of all ingredients. Staff is super friendly and welcoming and the environment is welcoming and very clean. Pricing is very affordable I would pay double food is so good. Thank you staff and management my family and I very much enjoyed our meals.
We bought the family deal, which was huge!  What an awesome deal, we were eating chicken strips for two days after.  Chicken is decent quality and sauces are tasty. Thumbs up overall!
Not Bad At All

Order:
4 piece fried combo, w/ fries, cheese & buffalo sauce
4 piece baked combo, grilled veggies, wasabi cream & sweet chili sauce

Fried strips were very crunchy !!!!  Baked strips were tender & juicy.
Grilled veggies were good, but a little heavy on the onions. Fries were crispy. All 4 sauces were good. 

My favorite sauce was the wasabi cream.
Amazingly good chicken strips and phenomenal mac and cheese.
Me encanta el pollo era suave, jugoso, delicioso y que decir del Mac and Cheese.
If I could give more stars I would! This spot has my two favorite things: Mac n cheese and fried chicken!! I love the way the menu is set up, very easy to understand and easy to order. You can't go wrong with anything, everything is fresh cooked to order and the signature sauce is on point! I love how the location is not super big, the food comes out fast and the owner Matt is such a sweetheart. Def have to stop by again next time I'm in Vegas!
This is why I love Yelp. I had never heard of this place before and, considering it's proximity to my house, I'm not sure if I would've ever just stumbled across it on my own. But after reading some promising reviews and looking at some of the pictures, I knew I had to give it a shot. I'm so glad I did. It's pretty standard fare, but it's done really, really well. You can get the chicken fingers baked, grilled or fried, which is a nice way to mix it up and keep it fresh on future visits. We had the fried fingers, which are breaded in panko, and they were great. I love panko breading, but it tends to tear the inside of my mouth up. Obviously that's not their fault. I was just making note. Beyond that, like Raising Cane's (and other chicken finger joints), you get a side, sauce and a piece of toast. The toast, was okay, but nothing compared to Raising Cane's. I mean, not even in the same galaxy. However, they give you your choice of 2 sauces (unlike RC's). We had the standard (peach-colored, mayo-based) and it was quite good, the honey mustard and it was really good, and the buffalo and, let me tell you, it was absolutely delicious! I can't wait to try the others. All of that being said, I would probably give this place 4 stars. That is, of course, if I was to ignore their macaroni and cheese. That was easily the high point of both of our meals. It was perfect! Creamy and cheesy and rich and oven-browned on top, this, my friends, is the real reason to eat here! I could probably write another paragraph on the virtues of it's cheesy, delectable glory, but I will spare you. Hell, I couldn't do it justice anyway.
The last thing I would like to mention is how friendly the lady who took our order was. She was smiling and friendly and helpful and personable...and I'm a little embarrassed that I can't remember her name...especially after she remembered my wife's while checking on us. Sorry about that. Regardless, I am very, very happy that we found this place and I highly recommend it to everyone. 
(oh yeah. 1 more thing. it's small, REAL small inside. so be prepared to take your order to-go)
All I can say is you can have your chicken bake, fried or grilled! And every way is the best to have... I was visiting with my family from out of town and stumbled to this place. I wanted to come again the next day but we had a flight out. Recommend this place to everyone for clean, great tasting and affordable food. The manager Matthew took care of us and he was excited about his new coke machine they installed. Go check it out!
They put in a fancy soda dispenser and, in order to compensate for the new expense (along with "rising food costs"), have dropped the drinks from being included in their meals. I only got the Gold Peak tea to begin with, so the machine doesn't do anything for me. They also raised the prices of the meals to add insult to injury. I removed one star for removing drinks from the meals and one star for raising the prices while simultaneously giving less. 

Probably won't be a regular here any longer. The days of BFG are over. Just doesn't seem worth it to support this place anymore. The kid at the counter is still really great with customer service though. He's always friendly and attentive. Just don't like the direction this company is headed in. There are plenty of other places to get my chicken fix.
Great chicken. Great sauces. Even better service!!! If you dont stop here, you dont like the finer things in life.
Ima keep it real: this place was average. I got 6 baked strips and the Mac n cheese. I feel like anyone who puts time and a little effort into making their own would be much more satisfied. The owner was there and kept asking how it was and we were polite. Place is clean and cool decor. Just don't go in and expect to have overly great strips, sauces and sides. After eating there I wanted to go to Raisin Canes to do it right.
Never having the original BFG, I finally got down to the new Strip N Dip to enjoy some high quality fast food!  This little place apparently remodeled, and the inside is very hip.  They have a fancy digital coke machine, and big trendy posters on the wall.  It feels like a restaurant down on the Strip.  If you have trouble finding it, it is next door to Home Depot, to the south.  

I ordered the baked chicken strips, with the mac n cheese, and chose the wasabi and strip dip as my two dips, all under $8.  The chicken was juicy and tender, very good!  The mac n cheese was awesome, perfectly caramelized on top and not overly rich in the cheese department.  The sauces were bang on as well, especially the wasabi.  It was lightly sweet, but still gave that classic wasabi nostril burn! 

I am definitely coming back, especially considering it is pretty close to my house.  I want to try the fried chicken strips, but at the same time this is a good healthier alternative to my Raising Canes addiction.  I also met one of the new owners, a young man named Matt.  He was very friendly and obviously cares a lot about the quality of his establishment and getting the word out.  If you haven't tried Strip N Dip, give them a shot!
I went here with extended family (about 14 people).  They were very accommodating. The guy behind the counter rearranged some tables so we could all sit together.  
As far as fast food goes the food was really good.
I skipped the gym so I can eat some deep-fried chicken and since I was in the area, I decided to give Strip N Dip a try. I never went here when it was still BFG so I will not be one of those people who would complain about the dang mural of chickens on the wall. "This place would've been 5 stars if they hadn't painted over the mural"...seriously? Did that mural make your food taste better?

I was impressed by the super friendly service. I was surprised a chicken place had Thai tea so of course, I got that since I love Thai tea and it was pretty good. Since it was my first time, I wanted to try as many items as I can.  I went with the 6-pc combo with 1 side, garlic bread and 3 dips and added another side.

Chicken:
You choose from baked (with rotisserie seasoning), fried (breaded in panko) or grilled (marinated in Asian honey glaze). I got the panko-breaded fried chicken strips. It was light and not greasy. The chicken was cooked perfectly but still juicy. 4/5

Side Dishes:
They have baked mac n cheese, French fries and grilled veggies.  I went with the mac n cheese and fries. The mac n cheese was delish with the melted mozzarella on top. The fries are crispy but you have to dip them in sauce to make them tasty - eating them sans sauce is pretty blah. 4/5

Sauces:
Your options are BBQ, buffalo, cheese, wasabi cream, honey mustard, ranch, sweet chili, strip sauce and teriyaki. I tried the wasabi cream, strip sauce and ranch. Ranch was a stupid choice since you can get ranch anywhere but that was my back-up plan in case I didn't like the other sauces. It was ranch. The strip sauce was similar to Cane's dipping sauce so I liked it. I didn't like the wasabi cream. You can taste wasabi the first few seconds and then sweetness takes over. I'm not going to get that again. I have about 4 sauces that I'm willing to try next time I go. But for having lots of options for sauces... 4/5
We had to cater an event at our office and remember that Strip N Dip did catering. Now if you been to typical catered events, they are overpriced with extremely limited selections for food. You know what I'm talking about, sandwiches with limited selections, or the pizza that someone had to order pineapples... WHY??? 

I digress. We had ordered all the different chicken strips (Baked, Fried, and Grilled) and all of them came out just like the restaurant. The Fried strips were delicious and still crispy even after 30-45 minutes. 

We got sides of Mac' N Cheese and veggies on the side and wow, I thought I was in the store. 

I highly recommend this place to cater your next event. But if you really feel like cold pineapple pizza, I guess that works too, but remember some of your guests will be griping.
I'm from good 'ol Henderson and by chance I had to work on this side of town today. Not knowing the area too well I needed to find a nice place for lunch that wasn't a typical chained place to eat.

Yelp led me here.

I ordered my food to go, 4 baked chicken strips, mac 'n cheese, 1 BBQ sauce and 1 Honey Mustard. A drink is NOT included with the meal, when places do not include drinks...I opt for the free water. Total was about $7 and some change.

I got my food to go, went to my car to eat and noticed they gave me the wrong meal. Went back inside and they realized their mistake, switched it out, and I went back to my car. I received two honey mustards with my order and no BBQ.

The food was good for what it was, but I felt like a lard ass after I ate the extra cheesy mac 'n cheese. Next time, if there is a next time, I'll opt for the veggies.

The male employee with the braces was extra nice though, I'd give him 5 stars on his customer service!
This place is addictive, so planning and extra 10 minutes in the gym everyday for the rest of your life will be required should you decide to eat here :-) 

My first experience; a business lunch was catered in at the college and we had the most amazing grilled chicken strips with several different types of dips, some grilled veggies and these little tins filled with the most creamy, cheesy Mac-n-cheese like mom used to make.  It was an excellent lunch, made us feel like kiddos again during a long day of meetings.  

2nd experience;  a month later we requested the same caterer however they were über busy and could not deliver so we decided we would go to them.  They are located about 30 minutes away, but they were that good and worth it.  This time a order the fried chicken strips with the wasabi cream and honey mustard sauces with grilled veggies.  It again was DELISH!  So much, my colleague order some extra to take with him on the plane.  

3rd experience; oh heck, I've been back more times now then I would admit to :-) yes they are that good!  

Order their fried chicken strips with the wasabi cream sauce and the Mac-n-cheese then plan to spend an extra 10-20 minutes in the gym!!!  I'm looking forward to going back the next time I'm in Vegas.  I hope to see you there.
"Woohoo! As good as it gets!" But really though, this place is awesome.
This has been on my 'to try' list for so long. I enjoyed my experience before I even tried any of the food. 
Service: The cashier was very friendly. My friend and I were very indecisive because we wanted everything. We also changed our minds a couple of times an he was patient and helpful. At first I thought it was just that one cashier, but another guy was coming around and helping us out. Now, I know they just have awesome service all around!

Sauces: Yes, the sauces get their own category. We basically got all of the sauces and took a dip in each one to make sure we got the whole experience. The winners? Wasabi Cream, honey mustard, and the chili one (I forgot the name). You must get those three! You'll regret it if you don't, trust me.

Food: We got the the grilled and baked chicken strips. I enjoyed both. I feel like with the right sauces you can't go wrong with these. 
Macaroni and cheese - it's like a pizza, but with macaroni! Can't go wrong with baked macaroni and cheese. 
Chicken nachos! YES! It's a decent size for $4.00 It goes great with the meal if you're sharing with your friends!

The point system is also a plus. I spent $11 but since I also did the survey and whatnot I ended up with 30+ points, so I guess that's pretty cool.

Basically what I'm saying with this entire review is, TRY EVERYTHING.
Heard the buzz around town about this place and being the fried chicken lover I am, I had to check it out. First off the lady taking orders was super helpful and guided the wife and I easily through the menu. We choose to get fried and baked strips. We both got the Mac n Cheese which is AMAZING!! Back to the chicken, I actually preferred the baked over the fried, the sauces save the fried chicken otherwise they're pretty bland. The baked chicken however is seasoned nicely and needs no sauce, but I did anyway. Overall I liked this place and will come back for sure.
Let's put it this way I had way better strips at KFC and that not saying much! I tried the bake and fried strips and the mac cheese! The first strip which I tired was fried stip and it was ok. Then I bite into the second and it went down hill from here, the chicken had a weird texture to it,so I move on to the bake strips which were  very bland and the say texture issue. I took a bit of the Texas toasts and it was really buttery and crispy and last the mac cheese they use cheese wiz to mix the noodles up then top it off with mozz or chedder cheese I think! The topping of the cheese is the best part!! Who uses cheese wiz for mac cheese. The only reason I'm  giving them 3 starts is for the cool ass soda machine and the cool employee who help me out!
I never met Jin. I do not believe I have ever met anyone named Jin. I am not even sure how the name Jin is pronounced (is it gin, like the libation?) 

Anyway, I become acquainted with BFG from walking by it from the CSN Las Vegas campus. (Yes, human being are still capable of walking, believe it or not.) This is where the locals go, I had heard, but I was a local and I had never heard of it (or the former owner Jin). 

In any case, they changed their name (unrelated to Jin) and subsequently included desserts to their very basic menu. It just so happened to be a dessert I yearn for on a regular -- unnaturally, regular really -- basis: funnel cake (2.25$). Score!

And their chicken is ultimately delectable. I prefer the Baked, then the Grilled, and finally the Fried. BGF. Always get the 6-piece (8.79$, as of this writing). The mac & cheese tastes so delicious, it makes me want to become a fan of mac & cheese (I am not). They have a bunch of sauces as well but I do not mess with anything besides cheddar cheese (is this the only place that has it?) and barbecue, since it is all that is truly needed in life.  

The service is so friendly, personable, and funny, they make you want to return sooner than you intended. The loyalty programme has teeth too: there is a place for your birthday and anniversary (it could be your Yelpversary if you have no partner!) online and succeeding completion of your first survey, it should be only one more visit to go before receiving your complimentary Four-Strip Meal. How cool is that? 

SDCS does not have the same roll of the tongue as BFG (Fuck Bone Grill), but there is room for some SDCC (ComicCon) parodying when it is that time of year (especially with the nerd [comic] store next door). 

Needless to say, I vociferously recommend this business. It is not like there is really much else around anyway, especially if you are walking. Look both ways at the crosswalks. - E
Great chicken, every time. And they have the coke machine of a hundred flavors...
On Dec 3, 2013, at 1 PM, I tried Strip N Dip located at 873 S Rainbow Blvd, Las Vegas. Mind you I had previously ate at Guthrie's and Cane's and were not impressed. In fact they were awful. I ordered the 8 piece combo ( fried) for myself and my friend had the 4 piece (fried). Each combo came with your choice of sides. I chose the macaroni & cheese and my friend chose the grilled vegetables in a skewer. Drink and garlic toast included. Large variety of dipping sauces to choose from. I was blown away by the service and the food. Large pieces of chicken strips cooked to perfection !! The sides were excellent too.The food was brought out to us outside where there were seating. I was also asked how everything was during the course of our meal.  BEST CHICKEN STRIPS in VEGAS !!!!!!
I came here to finally check out the new BFG but lo and behold it's now called Strip N Dip. New name, same great chicken

The premise is pretty simple. They sell chicken strips. You can get em baked, fried, or grilled. Hence the name. 
The chicken, is finger licking good. They have a wide array of sauces but the most unique one is wasabi cream. I love that and the sweet chili, but they have about 8, so you might like something different. 
The sides are where they really make their name.  The baked Mac and cheese is extremely creamy and a must try. They have chicken nachos, but I prefer to have them as chicken fries instead and mind= blown. 
For dessert, they have funnel cake, which is not common
Long story short, I'm definately gonna be coming back. Food was great, service was super friendly
We decided to this place out based on the Yelp reviews & recommendations. We approached the counter with our three daughters, who were very excited that a restaurant's main entree was chicken strips. The cashier/order-taker is by far the nicest person in Vegas, though there are lots of nice people there (he wasn't wearing a name tag). He asked us if we'd been there before (first time), thanked us for coming in & quickly explained the menu as well as offered suggestions. 
We ordered the Family Meal and per his suggestion split the chicken strips three ways: fried, grilled and baked. The meal came with four sides so we again went with his suggestion: 3 homemade, baked macaroni & 1 french frie(s). It also came with 5 sclices of garlic bread and lots of homemade sauces. There are only four tables inside but we were able to snag one and eat in.
All three "types" of strips were really good! None of them were dry. My husband really liked the wasbi cream, I think their buffalo is great. Their baked macaroni was a hit from our toddler to us parents. 
I'm a people watcher (okay, yes an eavesdropper!) and noticed that the cashier was super nice & helpful to everyone that came in. Seriously, having such awesome customer service makes patrons come back for great food or try a second time. :)
"Hey there, random Yelper that doesn't live in Las Vegas. This business is a chicken strip joint next to a Home Depot about 8 miles away from the Strip. Tell me why I should go here."

Okay, I will.

1. Let's face it; people of all ages love chicken strips. I love chicken strips. My husband loves chicken strips. If you love chicken strips, you should come here.
2. We had them baked and fried. Both styles of chicken were super juicy and flavorful, even without the sauce.
3. Oh yes, their sauces. We tried the honey mustard and sweet chili sauces. The honey mustard was a perfect balance of sweet and savory, and the sweet chili wasn't the cloyingly sweet sauce you might find elsewhere. 
4. THE MAC AND CHEESE. It's as good as everyone else says it is. I almost wanted a second tin, but decided that it was the perfect amount.
5. Service. Wow. The cashier was very friendly, asked us how we found out about them (Yelp!), checked on us every so often, and thanked us for coming all the way out there.
6. They have a freestyle Coke machine. Win!
7. The prices are very affordable for fast, yet fresh and tasty food.

So if you're in Vegas, and you have a car (or are willing to pay the cab fare), make the trip to this little place. It'll be worth it.
Comfort food served at an awesome price, convenient, friendly staff, quiet atmosphere; what more could one want?
As I said in my first review, the food is absolutely fantastic. However, I'm revising it and taking away 1 star simply due to Matt (the owner) and his over-the-top, near-creepy, downright-obnoxious attempts at "friendliness". Really, this guy is just WAY too much to handle. I expect to have to deal with the transparently-fake "used car salesman" type when I'm shopping for a car, but it's the last thing I want to deal with when I'm trying to eat dinner. I genuinely appreciate quality, friendly service (as I also said in my earlier review), but this guy's shameless, ridiculous, contrived, almost insulting "enthusiasm" is bordering on unbearable. In short, while I love their food, Matt's irritating shtick is in danger of keeping me and my wife away from this place. Reel it in, man. You're literally chasing customers away.
The owners are nice, almost a little TOO nice. The chicken is good I got the fried and baked versions and I liked the fried better. Mac and cheese I was not blown away. It was cheesy and hot but it lacked flavor! My biggest gripe is those sauce cups I mean really they are 1 oz cups and are not even full. I use 1 cup per chicken strip at least. I asked for more sauce and they are 40 cents for 1 oz of sauce. Wing stop has better wings and fries and more sauce. Their 4 oz sauce cups are 50 cents thanks
Bomb food haven't had a meal i don't like. Wasabi cream and teriyaki is so good. Great people great food great prices all reasons to eat here
I finally stopped here with my Yelp bestie Heather S. before I left town going to the land down under... I have passed by this joint a kazillion times. I had not even realized the name change until we were walking up to enter! Wow they are super friendly, and I thought the lead cashier, maybe shift leader who helped us place our order was yummy! 

I decided on the fried strips and mac and cheese, and Heather S. got the grilled chicken strips with mac and cheese.

The food is fresh and good. Really how can you go wrong with breading chicken and frying it, they do seem to make it just that much more delicious. I love the fried strips, the panko breading was fried to a perfect golden brown, mmmmm yum yes..

My only thing is that I think they should give up the sauce more. That is a pet peeve of mine when a joint charges for or limits "extra" sauce. I mean they are called strip n dip chicken right? I ordered the 6 piece chicken strip meal and ran out of sauce with there limit of 3 small dipping sauce sides.

Anyhow, it was good,  I just did not get the happy ending I had been hoping for...

This goes in my overrated file.... :(
Yes! So I finally got down here last night and tried it.  

For me, it was Okay.  I would've given 3 stars except that the service was phenomenal.  

We got here around 9:15pm at night and the place was pretty busy.  By the time we got our orders taken, however there were some free tables.

I ordered 4 grilled strips an the grilled veggies. I was disappointed that I was told that you could not mix n match grilled / baked / fried chicken. I wanted to try them all but wasn't allowed to, so I just chose the grilled.

My wife chose the 6 fried chicken strips with mac n cheese.

The sauces that we chose were: Chicken Strip Dip, Wasabi, Ranch, Teriyaki and Buffalo Sauce.  

The Teriyaki was awesome.  My second favorite was Buffalo and third was Wasabi.

I was disappointed on the extra charge for sauces that are not included in your combo meal.

My wife also wanted to try the chicken nachos.  The nachos were good, they reminded me of Taco Bell nachos with chicken instead.

I like that they got the new soft drink machine where you can choose tons of combinations.  My killer combo is Diet Coke with Cherry in it.

The food was okay, I expected the serving size to be slightly larger.  The food took a LONG time to come out.  They make it to order.  We came starving and was just about out of backbone when the food finally came out.

One thing was that the music was so loud in the restaurant that I could barely hear the guy taking my order, let alone talk to my wife.

The customer service was AWESOME!  If we were ever around this place again, I'd give it another whirl... just turn the music down a little bit.
Do not be fooled by the old pictures of the Bibimbap like I was! Those are YEARS old! They do not serve this anymore. This is just a chicken fast food joint now. Sorely disappointed. The food wasn't worth the trip at all. The place has only a few tables, was filthy, and had only 2 staffers working during the lunch rush.
Had it for the first time, and I fell in love! It's delicious and not pricey :) I'll definitely be back
I first visited this restaurant back in 2011 (as BFG) when Yelpers all over Vegas were fawning over it.   Not only was the food raved about but everyone seemed amazed at how well the owner at the time could remember names to faces and naturally I wanted to test it out.   True story: the 2nd time I went back he had no idea who I was.   Nice parlor trick!   The fact that it's extremely close to my work didn't hurt either.   As of a few weeks ago I visited it again for the 4th time (the 2nd time under the new monikor).   I feel like that fact pretty much exemplifies how I feel about about it.   If I hated it, I probably would have never returned.   If I loved it, I'd probably have been 15-20 times at least.   Yelp math!   In those 4 visits I have tried all 3 variations of their signature chicken strips, and the grilled veggies, mac and cheese, and fries for sides.   

Grilled:  This is what I was most excited about.   Every so and so months I decide that I need to stop gorging myself on red meat and carbs as I usually do, so reading about tasty grilled chicken strips accompanied by grilled veggies made my deep deep inner skinny person rejoice.   Unfortunately I was pretty underwhelmed both times I tried them.   The chicken and the veggies both just tasted very bland to me.   Maybe every delicious fried chicken finger I've had from Raising Cane's and other establishments has tainted my taste buds.

Baked:  Tried this for the first time a few weeks back.   Better than the grilled for sure due to the seasoning, but not anything that has me craving a return visit.  With this order I had the fries, which I did enjoy quite a bit.   But I mean, they're FRIES.   Hot, crispy and well seasoned though.   

Fried:  The best of the three, but to reiterate the point: it's fried chicken, of course it's good.  The panko breading definitely make it unique to most other versions you can find elsewhere, but not necessarily better tastewise.   And to make an unhealthy choice worse I got the mac and cheese with it the one time I tried it.   A good version for sure, but it didn't exactly set itself apart from most other mac and cheeses that I've had.

The stars of the show here are the dipping sauces.   The wide variety of them provide for a lot of different tasting experiences and most of the ones I tried were extremely tasty.   My favorites are the sweet chili and wasabi cream, and in particular I liked combining those two for a sweet/spicy combo.   You can be like Bill Nye the Science Guy and experiment on your own combinations.  Bring the kids, they'll have a blast.

So overall it's good food, and the price isn't too bad, but it doesn't exactly light my world on fire either.   See you in 8 months or so Strip N Dip!
Strip N Dip two years later and still doin it right!!!!! I love this place and their amazing food :) also the new soda machine and renovations are awesome. So happy this chain has evolved an come so far!
Hot, fresh, tender and great service. Recommended by friend and I recommend it too.  Small owner operator shop with counter service and a few tables.  Worth a try!
I had the opportunity to eat at this place. My coworker gave me a coupon and another coworker and I, went there for lunch.

The strips can be ordered fried, baked or grilled.

You have a choice of sides, fires, mac and cheese or grilled vegetables.

They have one of the mega selection soda machines, which I like, better than the burger kings, with the same machines, which doesn't have the add-on flavorings like cherry. ( To be fair, the burger king I was in, was the first time I saw this mega machine, the other locations may keep their's stocked)

We both had the four strips fried, with mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was great, I saw the person at the next table was having the grilled vegetables, they looked great, I asked, he said they were excellent. I will definitely have to try them. First time there, I didn't know.

They have a large selection of dipping sauces, buffalo, ranch, teriyaki, wasabi cream, sweet chili, bbq, honey mustard, bfg (think Cane's) and cheese.

Now to the strips. I don't understand this, I had 4 strips, two were perfect, two were rubbery. I got the impression they cooked them when you order them, I still have that impression. The strips were the same size, how can they come out different.

If I had four of the of the perfect strips, I would have given a 4. if I had four of the rubbery ones, I would have given a 1.

I gave a 3 because of the mac and cheese was great, two of the strips were good and the soda mach was fully stocked.

I will try it again, in hopes of getting 4 good strips.
As Jimmy Fallon would say, "So Great!" It is worth the drive off strip to get some good food. The Mac and cheese is outstanding, the fried strips were juicy and awesome, they even have one of those fancy touchscreen coke machines!  I liked the strip sauce and teriyaki.  Staff was friendly. Quaint little joint, will visit again next time in in Vegas.
I don't feel it's necessary to describe and break down the menu for you (hundreds of people have already done this) so I am writing this review to tell all the helpers that this place is the perfect remedy for a chicken strip craving. The eclectic menu has something to offer for all. If you feel like binging, get the fried strips with Mac n cheese on the side. If you want to be healthy, go with baked with a side of veggies. 

I personally think the baked and fried are the best strips. The wasabi cream sauce is delicious. They also have Thai tea. Yay.
The owner greets you as though he is truly interested in you enjoying your experience in his restaurant, and I believe this guy will do very well...for a very long time. 

If you love chicken strips...don't eat them anywhere else again until you have had them here...and then go in understanding that you will never want to eat them anyplace else, ever again. 

The chicken strips are so good here they make you want to slap your momma. 
(For serving you the substandard ones you grew up eating.) 

Fast, friendly service, rewards cards, and an array of food choices that make it a little tough to decide what to try every time but....Just. Stay. Focused! You came for the chicken strips, which can be ordered baked, fried or grilled. Then comes an equally tough choice... the dipping sauces. The sweet chili and creamy wasabi are my personal favorites, and there are perhaps 10 others. The obligatory blue cheese and ranch are also far above average.
 
The chicken portions are very generous, and regardless of how you order your strips they are served hot and super moist. It appears to be all white meat, and is obviously extremely fresh. 

As for the extensive choice for side dishes, I have enjoyed every one I have tried to date, however the mac and cheese is in the comfort food hall of fame. It is such a ridiculously cut above any mac & cheese I have ever had, that I could easily see myself stopping in at Strip & Dip just for an order to dine in, and one more for the road. 

The place is clean, the atmosphere is very laid back and welcoming, and if I lived just a little closer...I could be in serious trouble...at some point they may have to tell me to go home once in while.

My grandchildren ask to eat here often, which actually makes quite a statement in and of itself, since they have fairly refined palettes, due to their Dad being a bit of a foodie.
This place is pretty easy to miss especially since it's a small building and it's located in such a big plaza. Strip n Dip is located right next to Home Depot. 

Came here for lunch. They had combos with six, four or two chicken strips. It comes with your choice of one side. Drinks NOT included. Customer service was great. I told the cashier this was my first time here and he explained the menu to me and a little bit about how Strip n Dip came to establishment.

I ordered the "kids meal" with 2 baked chicken strips (choose between: fried, baked or grilled) and I chose the infamous mac n cheese that other Yelpers raved about as my side. You also get your choice of one dipping sauce. The buffalo sauce was yummy. Total cost was $4.79 I also ordered a 20 oz. iced thai coffee for $1.99. Two dollars for iced coffee!?! Sure...don't mind if I do. The coffee was pretty good too. They also had thai iced tea too. Hmmm...interesting...I would NEVER imagine they would have thai drinks at a chicken strip place. 

This would be a perfect lunch size for all you small/light eaters. The two chicken strips were kinda on the small side but with the mac n cheese...it filled me up perfectly. (don't want to over-indulge here). I'm not a fan of mac n cheese but this.....THIS was DELICIOUS!!! The baked cheese they added on top really made this stand out from your typical boring mac n cheese. The mac n cheese alone was enough to make this review a four star rating. 

So...the reason why I can't give this a full 5 stars is because of some "rounding fee" they do on our transaction. I wasn't even aware until a fellow Yelper told me about it. I checked my receipt and it said "due rounding: $0.01." Yes, yes I know...it's only 1 cent. But still...what's up with this!?! I've NEVER, EVER seen this before in my life. Literally. 

But even with this "due rounding" fee, would I be back?? Of course I would. Whenever I'm craving for some chicken strips..I'll swing by here. Next time, if I have a bigger appetite, I would order 4 strips and I would like to try the fries.
I had a great experience here. The cashier, Rashaad was great! Made us feel very welcome, he went over the menu with us since it was our first time coming in to strip n dip chicken strips, and he was very friendly.

I like that they offer 3 different types or chicken strips and a variety of sauces. So far my favorite is the grilled chicken strips. I can't wait to try out the other delicious options on the menu.
Matt you had me at "Hello". Simple menu and in this instance that works well.
Great fried tenders sauces are good. mac and cheese is great for a side. heathy options of grilled veggie available. Most impressive is the service from the moment you approach the register. great job on that point. I think that customer service athough talked about is often not implemented. In this joint it's part of the experience.
Great for when you're living on a college budget like me, Strip N Dip is fast food that is super cheap! 

They have great customer service: the one guy working was super friendly and welcoming. He even opened the door for us! 

The food is legit for how much it is, but it ain't perfect. you can get chicken baked, fried, or grilled & choose between a variety of different sauces. I recommend their strip sauce :) Don't get the BBQ sauce, it's a little odd tasting! Then I also ordered Thai Tea because I was excited to taste a cheaper cup of my favorite tea and it was pretty good!! 

Also, the Choco funnel cake is good, but they put a little too much powdered sugar! ;) so break into your wallet a bit and have fun eating!!
Wow! My first time here and this place is just awesome. First of all the staff is super friendly. A young African male helped my partner and I. He explained the menu to us in such an enthusiastic detail. Attention Boss! That man needs a bonus. He definitely made the experience a hundred times better.
I couldnt finish my chickin finger because they were way to greesy.  but the mac n cheese was great!!
Food is awesome and the staff couldn't be more friendly. I use this spot for catering with my business here in Vegas and always a good value!! (They should raise their prices on catering orders!) cool Peeps!
The food is always amazing. And cheap! I would recommend this place to absolutely anyone! The staff is friendly and always cares about their customers being comfortable. The prices are very affordable and are more than worth it when it comes to the quality!
Crisp Panko bread crumbs chicken strips, delightful fries and flavorful garlic bread were the highlights. Sauces were hit or miss. Location needed cleaning, but staff was friendly. I would return again
Super friendly, helpful staff. Food was good, Mac and cheese is the go to. The strips were good but I really prefer a batter rather than bread crumbs.
Had a wonderful time eating here last night. I feel horrible we did not get the name of the wonderful man working the front counter. He is amazing at his job. 
The amount of food you get is just right for the price. Almost all the sauces are made in store and are delicious. The breading on the fried strips is a little different but the baked strips are just amazing so no issue here. Love the rewards program. We will be back for sure.
Found this place looking for something to eat. I was going to a sandwich deli that was in the same lot but was closed. What a great find very unique clean food. If I lived on this side of town I would stop by frequently.
Very simple yet diverse menu. They have three different ways they cook their chicken and they all taste great. No matter which way you get it, its healthy eating. They have grilled vegetables to go with your grilled or baked chicken which by the way is 100% real chicken, white meat at that. They have several different sauces and depending on what count of strips you order, you'll get your choice of either two or three sauces. 

The customer service is what it should be anywhere you go. The food is great and the price is right, but I keep coming back because the owner makes it a point to know your name and if you're a first-timer, he'll ask if you'd like to have your picture taken and posted on social media, usually FB. The owner is a local kid in his mid-twenties and a graduate of UNLV who seems to have a passion for quality and not quantity. 

He seems to be on point with staff selection because his staff is a reflection of him. They recenly expanded their menu to include deserts and other items. They have a very wide variety of soft drinks and healthy drinks. They have a reward program that they recently kicked off but I haven't had it long enough to give a review on it. 

The establishment is always clean including the bathroom and the decor is appropriate. This is place you have to try at least once. The only reason I'm giving it 4 out of 5 (I'd give it 4.5 if it was possible) is because of the fact that the place is small. The bathroom is basically right in the middle of the place right off the dining area, which is probably why they maintain it so clean. I don't think the owner anticipated the popularity the place would gain but if things keep going the way they are they will need a bigger place.
Great place bra. Chicken is super good bra. You know what I mean bra. 

The guy who runs this place is pretty nice/funny. I had a bit of an addiction problem with this place a while back and he remembered me after not having gone there in at least 9 months if not a year. 


This place is pretty awesome. For6 dollars you get chicken (BFG, which is what I will always call this place) , garlic bread, a side, and 2 delicious sauces. The honey mustard and strip sauce, ahem, I mean BFG sauce are the best IMO. The mac and cheese is also pretty good. As long as it isn't busy you get your food super fast. 

The random special items have all been pretty good when I got them- nachos, hot dog thing, funnel cake- whats not to love? 

Good to go ordering- never got there after the allotted amount of time and had to wait, food was always ready. 

They now have the 300 flavor coke machine which doesn't hurt either.
1st time since it changed name/ownership. Food was GREAT! Ordered the 6 piece combo with the velvety, scrumptious Mac & Cheese. The chicken was yummy- love the coating! The Wasabi kicks ass!! The strip sauce was "fine". The buffalo sauce was tasty!

The service was great- our food was brought to us by the manager/owner? He was very personable!

It's obvious they need a bigger space. The big fly in the ointment was the family of 5 that made the word "boisterous" pale in comparison to the decibel piercing shrieks, laughter and abnormally loud voices of the "adult" and 4 kids of varying ages. I have heard air horns less intrusive...
This place is AMAZING! It definitely beats the old raising canes!!! Let me start by saying the food is great. You can choose from three different options: fried chicken, grilled or baked. I personally like them fried. The food is so fresh and you can get vegetable skewers on the side if you don't want yucky fries and cole slaw like at canes ew! The food is made with love and care and the owner even works rite inside the store. He is the nicest, sweetest man. Very young and well mannered for his age. Please don't miss out on this one. It may be  a little hard to find for someone who isn't familiar with the area. It is in the home depot parking lot. Don't miss out on this great food and not to mention very reasonably priced..
BEST MAC AND CHEESE EVER!!!!   If you love cheese this the place for you...
They were wonderful at helping us order... They put out good vibes so I'm going to make sure I tell everyone!!!
Tucked into a blink-and-you'll-miss-it nook on the edge of a shopping plaza between a Ross and the Home Depot, this specialty chicken place has a few surprises in store.

Service is top-notch: we were immediately greeted, walked through the menu, invited to join their loyalty program, and made to feel that our business was appreciated. Our food was brought out, we were checked on throughout our visit, and given a goodbye as we walked out the door- all with a smile by the gentleman behind the counter.

As for the food: BF got a 6 piece fried with a side of mac, I opted for the 4 piece rotisserie with a side of veggies, and we added on a hot chick and a thai tea- the latter mostly because since when have I ever been able to get chicken strips and thai tea in the same place? Bizarre but lovely. The drink was out right away and just a smidge less sweet than I am used to. $2 cup is well-priced.

The chicken arrived hot and tasty: BF surprisingly preferred the grilled while I preferred the panko breading for the fried version. We tried several different sauces including the ranch (nothing interesting), wasabi (nice with just a little kick), honeymustard (light but not my thing), strip sauce (my favorite), and buffalo (my second favorite, dude's preferred dip). BF put it well: he'd come back for the grilled strips tossed in buffalo sauce, but the rest of the menu seemed too similar to Raisin' Cane's for his liking, and he's a huge fan of theirs.

As for the sides: the mac was super indulgent and better than the mac I've had at more formal or high-end places. Loved that the dish was still gooey and cheesy instead of dried out, which I run into a lot at places that call themselves "southern" or boast about being "homestyle". Dude, if I made this mac at home, I'd never leave... because I'd weigh 500 pounds. It's good, but definitely only get if you went to the gym that day, there's a lot of guilt involved with that much pasta and cheese.
The grilled veggies were a surprise hit with BF, he'd tack those on to his future grilled-with-buffalo purchase.

Lastly, the hot chick was oddly again one of my favorite things: a simple fried strip doused in buffalo sauce (sensing a theme?) and placed in a small bun with lettuce and tomato, it's simple and it's delicious. There's  meal option for two of those with a side, and I'd likely consider it in the future.

Final note about their loyalty program: tracks your purchase spendings by the dollar, when you reach a $60 total you get a free meal. I didn't ask for more details but I do like that it tracks with your phone number rather than yet another pesky key tag or card to keep track of.
Not a great place for chicken. Fried was bland, mac and cheese tasteless, grilled strips were OK. Great service and ambience, but as a restaurant, not phenomenal overall.
Today, I ordered by far, the best fried (and suprisingly affordable) chicken ever!!! The Pablo breading gave it a perfect crunch, and their handmade sauces were to die for! The owner and the employees' hospitality and sense of humor are great, and they even gave me a free drink just because their machine was temporarily broken earlier! You habmve to come here for some great hospitality, and great chicken.
Today was my first time trying this place and I'm definitely satisfied.  I got the grilled chicken, mac and cheese and garlic bread. I chose the bbq, strip sauce and wing sauce for my dips and all were fantastic. 

Make your portions bigger. I'm still hungry for more! :) Thanks guys!
Chicken strip place that has Thai tea?!?!Completely sold! My boyfriend and I both got the combo of fried chicken strips and mac n cheese with wasabi cream and buffalo sauce, chicken nachos, and a Thai tea. All the food we got was extremely tasteful! The wasabi cream really does taste like wasabi but not too hot, but it's a great combination with the chicken strips. Also, the chicken strips weren't dry at all; you probably could eat it w/o any sauce at all. The chicken nachos were very flavorful as well. 

Customer service is as good as it gets! The girl at the counter was so friendly and helpful when I couldn't decide which sauce to get. There was one worker who walked around asking if everyone was doing ok, and when he got around to my boyfriend and I, he wanted to make sure our Thai tea was light on ice like how we ordered. We said that the amount of ice in our Thai tea was ok, but he gave us another Thai tea (on the house) with little amount of ice! 

I definitely will come back whenever I get the chance. The customer service and the food is worth every cent you pay!
Do yourself a favor and go try this place. You would never imagine the food is as heavenly as it is. The grilled and fried strips are pieces of heaven, same with the veggie skewers. I may go again tonight, simply amazing!
Very good chicken tenders where you can get it baked, fried or grilled.  There's different types of sauces and it makes the joy of being their fun.
1st time since it changed name/ownership. Food was GREAT! Ordered the 6 piece combo with the velvety, scrumptious Mac & Cheese. The chicken was yummy- love the coating! The Wasabi kicks ass!! The strip sauce was "fine". The buffalo sauce was tasty!

The service was great- our food was brought to us by the manager/owner? He was very personable!

It's obvious they need a bigger space. The big fly in the ointment was the family of 5 that made the word "boisterous" pale in comparison to the decibel piercing shrieks, laughter and abnormally loud voices of the "adult" and 4 kids of varying ages. I have heard air horns less intrusive...

We'll be back though (w/ earplugs) ...
I drove off-strip to this little "hole in the wall joint" based solely on my ailing wallet, and yelp. 

I was not at all disappointed. I actually really enjoyed my experience. Staff was friendly, price was cheap, and most importantly the food was delish. I consider myself a chicken strips guy. They do seem a little juvenile, but damn a good fried piece of white chicken breast is just stellar for me. The strips might be considered small in size, but definitely made up for in numbers. The breading is very light but crispy nonetheless. Not very greasy in combination with the thin breading really highlighted the juice of the chicken. I got to try three different sauces. The baked mac was fab too!

I would put this in my list for spots to hit up in vegas when I have the time and the soberity. Yeah it is 15 min from the strip, but who cares! You can go fill up your gas tank for cheap and get away from the crowd for an hour.
Only went in for a drink, but for customer service alone, they get 5 stars.  Super friendly staff!
The staff was very friendly and informative, being my first time going there it definitely helped. The menu is simple but their chicken is flavorful! About 9 different sauce choices; I loved the wasabi cream and honey mustard.  All in all a great place to grab a quick lunch!
Had strip n dip three times first two times had fried chicken strips w bbq sauce and fries and cherry dr pepper omgosh it was very good. Then two weeks ago or so I wanted to try something different so I got the chicken fries and it was not what was advertised one they didn't.close container all the way so ninety percent to my fries fell out but I did taste the one left , and it was eww nasty......So ill.stick to the fried fingers because they are taste y
Killer chicken fingers! The wasabi cream sauce is amazing. Great family run operation which provides excellent customer service and food
Disappointing , because of the other high reviews I wanted to give this place a try. chicken strips were teeny tiny , the baked chicken strips were flavorful but the fried had a really weird flavor, friendly service and cool drink machine. Wouldn't recommend
EVERYTHING is AWESOME here! 
Try EVERYTHING!! The staff is super cool-
the menu rocks- Plus they have the amaZeballs pop machine with all the crazy flavors ;)  do yourself a favor & check this place out- they'll change the way you feel about chicken lol TRUST ME!
Not bad, service was on the slower side, but then again it was lunch time 12-1pm but very friendly and quick cashier
Chicken fingers with a couple of homemade sauces and some Mac and cheese #nightcomplete.  Highly recommend this place, the food is great and most of all the staff and manager are x10 as friendly.  Must try! I can definitely see them expanding over the valley in the near future. 

Good luck guys.
This place is amazing! The service is super helpful and upbeat. There is something for everyone. The food is yum! Wish it was closer to the northwest side!
I've been a fan of this place ever since it was called BFG. Two things always get the Mac n cheese and get the wasabi cream dipping sauce. I love the menu, they keep it simple and easy to order.
They used to be called BFG and were a great simple restaurant. Since then, they are now called Strip N Dip and offer a wider variety of items to choose from. I personally enjoy their nachos and like that they have a fries option as well. Will eat here again as it is pretty much still the same as BFG with a little more. Service was also a little quicker than before. Cool soda machine.

Only downfall is that their prices have changed and are a little more expensive for the same food... I used to visit often for the pricing but it's not horrible still...
So apparently I missed the era in which this place was a 5 star?! First visited this place last week and was quite impressed/pleased with everything?... Not sure why some of the low ratings. People need to understand costs are going up everywhere, hence, why business owners need to increase prices. "If you no like, go to KFC!" Simple as that.

Let's start with customer service: This lil family owned hole in the wall that is easily missed if you are not paying attention is on a fine mission to smother you with niceness! One of the workers held the door open for us as we walked in :-0 ...Oh-and as I walked in, I overheard her tell another customer if their experience eating there was not up to their expectations, she would "take care of them" at their next visit! That's a strong statement, Strip N Dip, we will hold you to your word! The cashier was extremely friendly and helpful in explaining their menu items and filling us in on what the popular picks were. The wait was not long and our food was delivered promptly. 

Establishment: Took off a star because we did not have the option to eat at the restaurant due to overcrowding. Seating is very limited so we took our food to go. Maybe if the place was a little bigger, people would not be forced to take their food to go and have to experience a case of "cold food." No bueno.

Food: The deep fried chicken strips were amaze-balls! Very tender and flavorful. The Mac & Cheese.......OMG, the Mac & Cheese......SO F'ing GOOD!!!!!!! (for a lack of better words.) Do not come here and NOT order the Mac & Cheese because you will miss out on the full experience. Also, a hot pick here is the nachos. Holy bejezus! These are addicting! 

Honestly, for a first timer, I would recommend the nachos, Mac & Cheese and if room available, have the fried chicken strips. :-)
So the food is great. Been going for a while and maybe for the last time. They round the bill up to nearest nickel. WTF so your taking more money for what use? That is stealing to me. Over time it adds up
I have found my chicken strip spot next to the vicinity in which I call work. The name of the game here is OPTIONS, ALL OF THE OPTIONS. It merits caps, really, it does. It also has an awesome name. Come on, admit it, it does. 

Food: They have 3 meal deals. They are the following: A 6 strip combo, which comes with 6 chicken strips, 1 side, 3 sauces, a garlic bread, and a drink (20 oz).  3 Strip Combo comes with 3 strips, 2 sauces, a garlic bread, and drink. (That's the one I usually get, as it's just the right amount of food and it's ohhh so good.) Lastly, the 2 strip meal which has 2 strips, 1 side, 1 sauce, and a kids sized drink (12 oz). 
- Here is the fun part. THE OPTIONS, YAY! You can get your chicken either baked, grilled, or fried. I'm a fan of their grilled chicken, since deep fried food doesn't like me. Their baked chicken is decent, but in my option grilled is the way to go. They have a good variety of sauces too, and oh man, if you like sauces, you'll like this place. What kind of sauces do they have, you ask? Well kids, here's a list: BBQ, Buffalo (one I always get), Strip Sauce, Cheese, Honey Mustard, Ranch, Sweet Chili, Teriyaki, and Wasabi Cream. I've tasted the Buffalo, Ranch, Strip Sauce, Cheese, and Teriyaki and I'm a fan. The teriyaki was a little weird and not one of my favorites, but it wasn't by any means horrible.  Oh yeah, you also get that side! Their sides are mac and cheese, french fries, or grilled veggies. Their mac and cheese is decent for fast food, and their french fries are pretty good as well. None of them are something to write home to mother about, but hey, you are coming here for the chicken anyway, right? I hope so. 
- Service: So far so good! The people working there are friendly, tell you about their loyalty program and like to make you smile. It can get busy during lunch so there is a little bit of wait time, but nothing compared to some places. 

I say try it once, at least for the sauces and chicken. Everything I've tasted there has been om nom nomable to the extreme and it has now became my go to place for chicken at work. :D Keep it classy Strip N Dip.
Great food!  Great, personalized service.  We're from out of town and read the reviews.  We wanted to eat somewhere "off" the strip.  Something good but less expensive.  This was a great choice.  It is somewhat like fast food, but there are healthy choices, grilled chicken and vegetable skewers.  And, the not so healthy, to die for, Mac and Cheese.  YUM!
Wow! The service was both friendly and exceptional, Bree(?) helped us at the register and her enthusiasm in selling us chicken strips left me stunned and humbled.
Incredibly accommodating, they have a good variety in the menu and condiments, which will be familiar to a lot of Asians as they have Thai Tea and Sriracha.
The baked rotisserie chicken strips were a tantalizing experience, albeit short-lived.
Friendly service. Fresh food. Great taste!!! Tons of soft drinks options.  The chicken nachos with fries instead of chips are amazing!! Love love this place.
My boyfriend and I stopped in the other day after taking an exam. I was excited about the fact that I had choices other than fried chicken strips. I had baked chicken strips and grilled veggies. Everything was seasoned well. The chicken was moist and juicy. The boyfriend had fried chicken strips and mac and cheese. He loved it. The guy that served us was super friendly. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience. I will definitely go back if I'm ever on that side of town. The only downfall is that we don't have this joint in Henderson!
Meh, so-so...don't really see what the fuss is about.  This was my first visit here.  The chicken is decent (small pieces, mind you), but that's about it.  Stick with the Sweet Chili or Wasabi Cream dipping sauces...their Ranch and BFG sauces were outright awful.  The sides and bread were average at best, including the Mac & Cheese other reviewers raved about.  Bottom line...they ain't got nothing on Raising Cane's!

Service on my visit was definitely sub-par.  The boss (the only guy not in uniform) was very preoccupied giving freebies to a scragly looking biker customer and his two little miracles...a big, bald Ginger complete with ZZ Top beard, a black "Vatos Locos" t-shirt and unkept Ruger P-85 semi-auto strapped to his side.  Further, the cashier was perturbed that I would not forfeit my phone number for text specials.

Since I wasn't impressed and don't like possibly being caught in crossfire, I won't be back.
This was my first here! And it definitely won't be my last. I was greeted by Rashaad. Such a sweetheart. Helped me with my decisions, explained everything thoroughly & even opened the door for me on the way out. From start to finish, everything was absolutely perfect. Oh yeah.. & The food is DELICIOUS!
Really good lunch spot! The main item is chicken strip which you can get baked, grilled or fried. I usually get grilled or fried.  You can select from a multitude of sauces, from the standard bbq, teriyaki to their wonderful wasabi. For sides, the mac n cheese is great, but I try to stick with grilled veggies. 

Service is great - staff is friendly and happy to answer any questions etc. After going a few times, a couple of the staff address me by name, which is a nice touch! 

As a few yelpers already mentioned, space is a bit tight if it gets busy, but that doesn't detract from the service and food. 

Try 'em out, you won't be disappointed.
Another awesome experience with the family! Ub40 and Bob Marley for the tunes a place that remember your name! Points for your frequent fliers.
Ordered food from here for pickup. When I called, customer service was wonderful. When I came to pick the food up, was a different story. There were three people ahead of me and two behind the cash register. One person was helping customers,  the other was on his phone texting. Unprofessional in my opinion but the place smelt like heaven so I let it go. 
We ordered one 6 piece fried strip with Mac n cheese and one 6 piece grilled strip combo with veggies. 
First off, the pieces are TINY so I'm glad we ordered the six piece combo. The grilled strips were flavorless. The veggies consisted of two kabobs filled with onions, bell peppers and one or two pieces of zucchini or squash or whatever it was. The fried strips were good. The man n cheese was dry, bland. Disappointed because it looked so delicious on the website. Don't think we will be going here again.
I underestimated the girl who works the front register as she was very young and spoke very fast. She actually knew everything about the menu and was very helpful with recommendations. I have never eaten here before. What tops it all off is she knew how to spell my name without my dumbing it down and spelling it out to her. It's nice to finally come across a younger person who listens and has initiative. The food was great as well. Thank you!
Stop #3 for Joy's Bachlorette Food Tour.  *Pointing at herself* chicken strip queen right here. I love all things chicken -most of the time, ALL the time!-
While driving through this part of Vegas, I was surprised to see a Raising Cane's close by! But in all honesty, let's get one thing straight. You cannot compare the two. I mean, you can but they aren't the same animal. SND has more options for sure... And they both have crispy chicken that relies on their sauces for overall flavor. So, there you have it. Just my two cents.

What I enjoyed:
-Crispy panko crust. Hot and juicy. Practically burned my tongue off. 
-They are never frozen, meaning it's fresh.
-I like having options. Want to be a tad bit more healthy? Order it grilled. Maybe baked.
-Grilled veggies? Yup! We had a vegan and vegetarian in our party so they liked that!
-Staff. So friendly! They even took an Instagram photo of our party.

What was okay:
-I thought the Mac & Cheese was on the runny side. So sue me! I loved the cheesy meltyness on top, but I didn't like cracking open the inside.
-The sauces. Not terrible. Might give the wasabi cream a try next time!
My boyfriend and I come here often! Such a simple menu, yet such great choices and menu items! The staff is EXTREMELY friendly and their customer service is EXCEPTIONAL! 

I'm hoping to see them open up more spots across the city!!
Let's start off with the best Mac N' Cheese ever. Loving the combo of Chicken Strips and Mac N' Cheese. Very affordable and tasty. The only downfall is 20 minutes away from me.
Amazing fried chicken strips, baked mac & cheese + chicken nachos! It definitely hit the spot .. They have GREAT customer service especially from one of the managers Rashad. Even though this place is far from where I live I will definitely be coming back
This place has the vibe of a thriving establishment, and the food was amazing. All the food was fresh and the chicken tasted better than any other place I've been to. A large amount of sauces to choose from was cool, and there were even healthier options like grilled or baked chicken, salads, and grilled veggies. But what was even better was the staff. They were very friendly and connected with us, and got our orders to us as fast as they could. So if you're rolling by this place, be sure to stop here!
Delicious food and friendly service, the same as when it was BFG. The only real difference I can spot is that we no longer can get those awesome weekly specials. :( They also now have a points based rewards program to earn free meals.
Working at a call center we always tried different restaurants I. The area just to stop getting the same things over and over. Their food is always cooked fresh and they make their own sauces that are to die for. Everything I've tried from this place was super delicious and I recommend this place to everyone.
Great chicken and sauces. The thai coffee and thai tea were great too! Only complaint is use of styrofoam.
Love loved it. They offer a healthy alternative 
We found the menu simple and something for everybody. Kind of fell into finding this place and it was a great surprise.  My kids liked the food do that was a good plus too
(TL;DR - extra crispy and moist chicken fingers and a unique sauce selection for the sauce advocate. Wasabi cream is what sauce dreams are made of!)

As far as chicken fingers goes, this place is the place to be. I'm not often finding myself craving chicken fingers, but it's a simple and no-fuss type of meal.

We went with the 6 piece fried chicken finger combo with garlic bread, and added a side of fries, baked mac and cheese, and extra, extra sauce. The chicken fingers were simple, nicely seasoned, super crispy, and surprisingly moist inside. You can also opt for baked or grilled chicken and add vegetables for a lighter fare.

The side of fries was a heaping size. They topped off an entire to-go container. They were standard shoe string fries, crispy and simple. I loved dipping my fries in their sauces. Also, the baked mac and cheese was bubbling hot, comforting, and very cheesy. We enjoyed every cheesy bite. 

My favorite thing about this place is definitely their sauces! They have a great variety of unique sauces. We tried the wasabi cream, honey mustard, and sweet chili. The wasabi cream and honey mustard were both delicious, but the wasabi cream is what dreams are made of! It had a sophisticated flavor, like it was from a classy upscale dining establishment. I dunked all of my fries and chicken into that sauce, it was incredible. On the other hand, I didn't care for the sweet chili too much. It tasted artificial and bottled to me, but my boyfriend enjoyed it. 

Fast, easy, and cheap comfort food, plus friendly service! A good reason to stop in again to try their other sauces!
Customer service is over the top.  They remember your name, open doors, greet everyone with a smile.  I like the choice of either breaded or grilled chicken fingers.  Plus the individual macaroni and cheese side is creamy and cheesy with a nice burnt, in a good way, top.  Get there!
Mmmm their chicken strips are bomb! I got them fried which is breaded in panko, so they are the perfect size with the right amount of crunch to them. I got the 4 piece combo and chose of side of Mac and cheese that was baked to perfection! After given the option of what I'd like to drink I noticed they had Thai tea on the menu. I've never been to a place where they offered American comfort food with Thai tea. Just that little detail totally completed my experience there :)
Love the chicken strips here! I usually get the fried (panko crusted) strips, but the baked is not a bad choice if you want a healthier option. The strips always come out hot, and the meat is never dry. The 4 piece combo is the perfect amount for me. 

I always get the strip sauce and buffalo sauce. All of the sides are delicious, but I recommend the mac & cheese or french fries.

They have a rewards system and will ask you for your phone number. So if you're a regular, you can get a free meal every so often! Overall, Strip N Dip is a must go.
It's good! The chicken is really little so a average person could probably eat a 6 piece. I didn't even get full. Mac is good and the fries! Everyone talks about the wasabi cream it is disgusting taste like nail polish remover! Best sauce is the strip sauce and the hot chick sauce!
I had the the deep friend chicken strips which weren't anything
to write home about. 

As far as any dipping sauces, there wasn't anything unique or
fresh about it. 

With all of the above being said, the pricing can be considered overpriced
for some chicken strips which you practically can get from any fast food place.

Not impressed to say the least and will probably not return.
Nothing extraordinary about the taste. Simple delicious classic food. Loved the sweet chili sauce though. However, the service was impeccable. They're friendly, fast and show equal concern towards every customer. It was a complete wonderful experience.
After hearing mixed review about Strip N Dip since it changed from BFG, I wasn't in a rush to go try it. However, being in the neighborhood the other day I decided to give it a go and I'm glad I did.

Friendly service & good food at a decent price. Portion size was decent for the price and the quality of the food. We had the panko fried chicken with side of mac & cheese. I will definitely go back to try baked and grilled chicken.... the nachos also sound awesome.
loved the mac and cheese and chicken strips.  My favorite dippin sauces are the BBQ and the teriyaki sauce. yummers!
This was my first time here and I had an overall good experience. Rashon was the manager working and he was awesome and really made my experience great. The food was pretty good. I think the chicken strips could be a little bit bigger but they weren't too bad. They had nice flavor to them and were juicy. I had ranch and honey mustard as my sauces. honey mustard was a little different than most places and I liked it a lot. Ranch tasted like ranch but Rashon let me try the creamy wasabi sauce and that blew me away. Not only was it different but it tasted awesome. Most of the sauces are hand made. Mac and cheese was my side. Wasn't a whole lot to the Mac and cheese but it tasted good and the cheese was fully melted and creamy. I would definitely recommend this place if you have never been. They are great for catering.
This is seriously must be the best Chinese restaurant in Waterloo. The dishes are very nice and homely. You can go as group and order a few dishes to share. Good for home sick students if this is how you are used to eating at home.

Just awesome!
Quite a large menu. I was more so impressed with the depth of their vegetarian section, featuring soy chicken, ham and seafood. I had the Kung Pow "Chicken" it cost around $8.50 but you would need some rice or noodles on the side. I found the imitation meat to be very soft and doughy tasting. It was pretty average in the vegetarian section but my meat eating dinner guest weren't overly impressed with their dishes either.
Very good take out chinese food. Reasonably priced and we got tons of food. We were very happy with our order. I belive we had the take out special for 4 and it was around 45 delivered. Delivery was very quick
A long-time staple for delicious Chinese food in the community.  Their food was hot and fresh. The red sauce is delicious.  The chicken balls actually have a lot of chicken; they're not all breading.  The chicken fried rice was great.  The breaded shrimp were good, like a light tempura batter.  The egg roll was stuffed with a lot of stringy vegetables and no meat, which was unfortunate.

A must try!
Fortunately enough to swing by for a soft opening! Great place to grab a snack before or after a movie at MAC. Sampled the chocolate chip waffle bites sprinkled with powdered sugar and a side of syrup.

Can't wait to try the waffles wrapped hot dogs.

Thanks to a buddy posting the opening on fb ...I just happen to be in the area.
The food wasn't "bad,", but it wasn't great either. The service was terrible. For that reason alone, we won't be back.
Very cool and different place! Waffles and hot dogs or both. I'm not really a hot dog fan but the waffles are amazing! They have a cinnamon flavor to them and you can put any toppings you want on/in it. My favorite is peanut butter and honey. Great price and quick service. Definitely will be going back!
This place is so cool! How some waffle poppers and took a journey around what they had to offer. Very cool :)
Outside of the Good Humor man this was my first experience with a food truck. I was quite delighted. I had the Big Easy Balls, Andoulle sausage risotto and a few other things all balled together and deep fried, and topped with a dipping sauce (I will add a picture), what could go wrong? Nothing, I will be on the look out for this truck again. I also want to mention how nice the staff is. I say be on the lookout for this truck and give it a try. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
It seems as though food trucks don't have as much of a following here as they do back in California, but Sauced can still hold it's ground fairly well. 

I loved that you get a discount if you buy more items. So 1 items is normally $3.50, 2 for $6.50, and 3 for $9.00. So naturally, being a student on a budget, this appeals very much! Originally we got 3 items, thinking it would be enough for 2 of us. We ordered the Big Easy Balls, Turkey Slider, and Jerk Pork Tacos. First impression, they weren't as big as we thought so we knew we'd need to get more but we dug into it nonetheless. Also, any sauce can be put on the side and they're included with the food.

Big Easy Balls: So excited for these, a little disappointed. The balls themselves had a nice crispy outside and it was soft and gooey on the inside. But it didn't have much flavor. I expected there to be a little kick from the Andouille sausage, but flavor was a little lacking. The sriracha sauce that you can get with it was much needed, and it was very good.

Turkey Slider: Probably my favorite. The bacon confit was delicious and went really well with the turkey patty. It was like a dressed up, much smaller, turkey burger.

Jerk Pork Tacos: We weren't big fans of this. The pork didn't have much flavor and nothing really stood out. Also, there was a pretty big hunk of fat in the taco.

Next we had the Asian Chicken Nachos and Drunken Balls.

Asian Chicken Nachos: It's supposed to have a Thai coconut sauce but I didn't taste any of that. I liked that it was served in a fried wonton shaped like a bowl, I thought it was clever presentation. 

Drunken Balls: I'm glad they had small bits of cilantro in it or else it really would have been just a fried ball of potato. Nice crispy skin, and when you got a bite of cilantro it was quite tasty. Again, the cheese sauce was needed. 

Overall the food was alright, but I'm not in a hurry to come back. The things you should try though are the Big Easy Balls and Turkey Slider, those were the better ones of the selection.
I tried out the Sauced truck at the Bass Elementary School Halloween Carnival today and it was awesome. Mike (the owner) and everyone working the truck were all really nice, and I was a huge fan of the Big Easy Balls (who isn't a fan of big fried balls?!). Also tried the Asian Chicken Tacos which were really nice and flavorful. Being from California, street food is my thing- these guys do not disappoint! Check 'em out!
This is my first experience with a food truck in Vegas. I have been to a lot in SF and Sauced stands up to those any day. The service was quick and polite. The prices and portions were reasonable. My wife and I liked the fried balls as it was a great mix of textures with delicious sauces.
First time I've seen the truck parked out side of work, coworker said turkey wrap was pretty good and I forgot my lunch so why not give it a try!? Turkey wrap was a hit, so much that it was sold out.  I opted for the tenderloin sandwich, MAN O MAN am I glad they were out of turkey! Portions were huge and it was a REAL tenderloin, served with 3 lg pickle slices on a toasted bin.  I slathered it with Carolina mustard and am very very pleased for my lunch today:) only thing missing was a couple a slivers of onion! Gave 4 stars because 8.5 is a lot for a sandwich and a can of soda! (pretty sure the sandwich was $6, so 1.5 for a CAN of soda)
Another food truck I hit at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest at Silverton. I came for the Big Easy Balls. I saw the combination online and it intrigued. At the truck I also decided to try their corn cheddar jalapeno fritters. Both sides came with the suggested sriracha mayo.
The Big Easy. Two crispy fried balls containing cajun chicken, Andouille, risotto & garlic herb cream cheese. Awesome. Creamy, little spicy, meaty, all balled up in a deep fried goodness.
Unfortunately, it only got 3 stars because the fritter wasn't that great. Although texture wise, it was nice and crispy outside and soft and fluffy inside. I could see pieces of corn and diced jalapenos, but couldn't discern much taste from them. The fried batter tasted just basically of flour. There were 3 fritters and I couldn't even tell if there was cheese in the first two. The third, I could see some cheese in it, but that, like all three, was overwhelmed by the taste of flour.
At the Las Vegas Foodie Festival I waited 3 hours for White Castle, an hour for White Rabbit and another hour for a sushi burrito... And they all didn't compare to The Big Easy Balls from Sauced! The best part was I only had to wait about 15 minutes! I was mad at myself for waiting so long for mediocre food when I could've been enjoying food from Sauced the whole time!
So, I have never heard of this truck until recently but I must say that I was pretty impressed. I went to a party where the food truck was catering so my food was free and I'm sure some of the menu items were a bit different. I got a vegetarian sandwich that blew me away. It was a fried pattie filled with different types of beans, corn, and other veggies and spices. And the bottom of the bun had some pico de gallo that really was great. It came with a side of seasoned skinny fries and and tried the sriracha sauce blend with them. There were other things on the menu like fusion tacos, sandwiches and small plates. My friend got the Seoul Taco and LOVED it. Hope I get to try this truck again soon.
I totally feel bad for not writing this review sooner. I first tried Sauce at a Yelp event in June I believe it was? and the ladies working the truck were super friendly and the food was really good. Now fast forward to Bite of Las Vegas. I volunteered at the event so I got a chance to walk around and stumbled upon the Sauced Truck.

When I arrived at the truck there were a couple folks ahead of me but I was served quickly and with a huge smile. The ladies were once again super sweet and engaged me while I was waiting for my food. 

Not only did I get to try two of their signature tacos but she recommended the right sauces to try with my tacos and they were delicious.

I am terrible with names of the people and tacos but I recommend this place and can't wait to go to another event and stumble upon their truck.

Thank you for good service with a smile and yummy food!
We just had 'Sauced' come and cater my daughter's 1st birthday party.  I have to say that they were absolutely amazing.  We were looking for ways to feed the crowd that was different, filling, and affordable.  Mike and his team fulfilled all of those requirements and then some.  Mike was great at giving suggestions and accommodating all of our requests, he responded to promptly to my emails and phone calls and made the whole process incredibly easy.  

They arrived early and set up at the end of the driveway and our guests made their way out and ordered from the menu we had set up ahead of time.  

Everybody LOVED the food...the Big, easy balls/great balls of fire/and sliders were the most popular, but the tacos were great too (Seoul food and veggie), plus the fries to be able to sample all the sauces was great.  It was nice that the portions were big enough to get full-but small enough that you could try a variety of things and find what you liked the most.  Everybody had MORE than enough to eat and I didn't have to cook or clean a thing.  

This is a class act of an operation and you can't go wrong whether you're just trying their food or having them cater an event for you!
Always enjoy the food from Sauces, it's not the boring normal menus at most of the other trucks. I have eaten here on multiple occasions and everything is tasty!
I tried this food truck last month at first Friday.  I tried the tacos; chicken tsunami and the seoul food.  They were amazing.  They took my debit card for even such a small sale.  The two ladies working were very friendly.
I know these guys work a lot of events and also I have seen them at the outlet mall.  If you get the chance, try their food.
Tonight I had the soul food taco and the one with the Thai peanut sauce(Forgot the name). Both had good flavors but I enjoyed the soul food one with the wasabi mayo. The women out front were very personable and it was great talking with them during a short wait for the food. I will be back to try some other menu items.
Interesting. Second place I've encountered in a week with a fancy purple and white ribbon from the Bite of Las Vegas. It was for creativity, and one of the Sauced ladies explained that it was for their Big Easy balls.

Unlike during my last ribbon rendezvous, I actually didn't end up eating that item, but I helped one of my friends take care of his leftovers, which included the "Buffalo chicken in a ball" Great Balls o' Fire, and the surprisingly hugely portioned fried mac 'n cheese. The leftover ball o' fire was kinda too salty and sour for my taste, but the fried mac was really good, especially with whatever sauce it came with (friend said it contained bacon, which is always good).

Another friend shared his loaded fries, which came with some bacon, plus this heavy cheese sauce that cooled and congealed kinda quickly in the cool weather. It was decent though. They were my favorite non-dessert truck of the day, and I think I'd visit them again and try some of the other menu items if I see them around town or at another food truck gathering. Thanks for being at Sunset Park'd!
I have been visited Sauced several times and found a consistent high quality tasty meal every time.  I would recommend to friends and family .
When we found out that a food truck was catering our Holiday Party at work. None of us were thrilled. They gave us a menu to look at a couple weeks in advance and I decided to just go with a regular cheeseburger. 
The Holiday Party was today and by the time Sauced had served the first batch of coworkers they were giving rave reviews. My coworker asked what kind of sandwich I was getting I said "a cheeseburger". You could have sworn I just slapped her in her face. " You could get a cheeseburger any day!", she yelled. Hearing her going around and boast and rave about the "Hawkeye" sandwich made me rethink my decision of just getting a cheeseburger and I'm glad I did! I decided on the Saucy Mama which was chopped chicken, ham, and Swiss cheese fried together in a batter which made it look like a patty. It was beyond good and was served with seasoned fries and a soda! I was so full I had to save a portion of my sandwich for later.
This was a definite upgrade from past Holiday Parties and now I'm checking the Sauced Truck schedule to find out where they will be next!
I've had a sample at a Yelp event of one of their tacos and remember it as good so when I saw that food trucks now park in the Premium Outlet mall, I decided to get myself a snack. 

They do big plates or small plates and you can make that into a combo of sorts, 2 for $7  or 3 for $10. I decided to get 2 small plates so I can try a variety. I got Big Easy balls which were huge creole style rice balls. The rice was pretty good and the batter was pretty crispy. Chicken tsunami taco had good flavor with the thai peanut slaw, though maybe a little salty for me. My brother got a seoul taco and the big easy balls and thought his was good as well. 

I like that they have a variety of homemade sauces, I threw on the sriracha ranch on the big easy balls and wasabi cream on my taco which complimented both things well. I was curious about their chili mustard, though it didnt go with anything I ordered, since I love mustards. It remined me of McD's hot mustard, but a better version of that.

It seems on their schedule they are regulars that park at Premium Outlets near the weekends so if you're here and don't want the food court, keep an eye out for trucks.
DELICIOUS!! Amazing Chicken and Waffles. The restaurant is located as part of the food court at Fiesta Mall, but it feels like you're sharing a bit of home. The owners provide REAL flatware (rare for a food court), your own caraffe of syrup, and your own bottle of hot-sauce. The owners were engaging and helpful. The food was made-to-order and was absolutely delicious. Recommended!!
I've been to this place twice now and had a pretty good experience both times.  The first time, about a week ago, I got the basic Chicken and Waffle combo.  The chicken came out piping hot.  Both were delicious.  The only problem I had was five minutes after I got my food and before it had a chance to cool off, a security guard came up to me and told me the food court (and the mall) were closing in 15 minutes, hardly enough time for the food to cool off enough to eat it.  It was a Sunday so they closed early.  I would have enjoyed my food more if I hadn't had to rush.

The second time was yesterday.  I got the Fish with One Side combo.  The credit card machine must have been out or something, there was a sign saying they could only take cash.  I got collard greens as my side.  The fish was excellent and my grandson loved it too and kept getting bites of it from me.  The tarter sauce tasted homemade.  I wish there had been more than one piece of fish, tho it was pretty big (see photo).  The collard greens had wonderful flavor but were also way too salty for my taste.  The kind of salty that hurts your taste buds.  They were cooked with real ham that gave them their wonderful flavor, don't know if they added salt on top of it or if it was just that salty from the ham.

The man behind the counter, who is also the cook I think, was very nice, the kind of guy who welcomes you the first time, and more so as a return customer.

 I look forward to returning here, both for more chicken and to try other dishes.
More like 3.5 stars but id rather give an extra .5 for a locally owned place than take it away. 

Hubby & i have been coming here for years. Its a dive for sure, with kitchy 50s decor that looks like it may have been here since the 50s, but i like that sort of thing. They even have a jukebox playing oldies :)

The service is usually friendly, the food is ok but nothing to write home about. Its decent though, fills your belly, and is relatively cheap. 

Kids meals are only $2.65 each, and theyll give you coloring pages if you ask. Its a very casual atmosphere that makes me & my gang of kids feel welcome. 

Bigger portions, Lots of choices & they accomodate substitutions with no problem. Try the homemade pumpkin nut bread, also the homemade "chips". 

Theres a reason we come here several times a month. Maybe a 4 stars after all :)
Just when you think there are no more real homestyle-cooked breakfast spots in the Valley, you find 50's Diner. Nestled in a medium sized strip mall, this restaurant offers some of the tastiest dishes I have been able to find in Las Vegas. The fact that they pile on the food helps a ton as well! 

This quaint diner is geared towards those of us looking for food that is NOT thawed and out of a box and put on a plate, so the staff here takes pride in offering tasty dishes made with the freshest ingredients for breakfast, brunch and lunch. Their coffee is freshly ground and the taste is arguable the best for a cup of coffee in Sin City. Loli (our waitress) and Alberto (owner) are there every day (at least it seems like it!) and they make sure you are very well taken care of and that your food comes out just the way you ordered it.

My favorite item to order here is an omelette. Which one you ask? Any!  Their omelets are offered in the small and large size (3/6 eggs) and whichever one you pick will please your tastebuds with amazing flavors. Not in the mood for breakfast? Try their daily special (always good) burgers, sandwiches or their chili...just as good and awesome-tasting and their breakfast. Oh, and I think I forgot to mention...their portions are generous to say the least!
Formerly an Omelette House establishment, this place changed names and kept some of the Omelette House menu.  I had the Benedict with Hash Browns and a side of biscuit/gravy.  Hash was crispy and the benedict was okay.  The biscuit is not made from scratch, but the gravy is and has a good sausage flavor.  Good service gives an extra star.
I truly enjoy this place and this is definitely my go-to with my friends for Breakfast! 

I love the decor on the walls. Old pictures of Elvis, old Las Vegas street view and also old posters which give an extra "hommie" feeling to this place. 

When it comes to the food, especially breakfast food, they are amazing! At our visit this time, I ordered 2 pancakes specials which comes with two eggs and bacon or sausage at your choice. My friend ordered Blueberry french toast. I enjoy mine but I have to say his is just over the top, hands down the best french toast I have ever had! The toast is rich in butter covered with fresh blueberry sauce. It tastes amazing! 

I can't wait to come back next time!
We are always looking for different spots around town to try out, so we don't get caught up going to the same places over and over.....

Looking for a different Breakfast/Brunch/Lunch spot? Add the 50's Diner to your rotation. Our waitress Veronika was awesome which totally added to our 5-star experience. A former Omelet House, this establishment has been in business for about 18 years, and is run by Veronika, her dad, and her husband crankin' out all the tasty menu selections.

We were in the mood for breakfast, and I noticed that they offer two types of pancakes-Buttermilk and Sweet Cream.  The difference, as Veronika put it-"Do you want deliciousness? or AWESOMENESS?(Sweet Cream). So we ordered up a plate of Awesomeness with two eggs and sausage.

We had to glance at the lunch selections and also ended up sharing The California-a grilled chicken breast sandwich with avocado and jalapeno bacon and decided to get it with Spuds, or The 50's Diner version of Potato Chips. Veronika was also nice to have the spuds cooked two ways-Soggy, her favorite, and Crispy, so we could try them both, and IMO, both ways were equally good! the sandwich was tasty, and the sweet cream pancakes are among my favorite in town(My other fave pancake being at Du-Pars. The Apple Pie A la mode was a great ending , and we will most definitely be back!

Great food, Great service, and as they say, "The Friendliest Diner Around"....They ain't lyin'......ALOHA!!!!
I really can't believe we just now stumbled on this place after being in the valley for a quite some time. This place has a great 50s feel to it and is very welcoming.  The owners daughter was our wonderful server and her husband the genius cook.  

We came in an hour before closing and there was only one other couple so I'm assuming the rush was over but I'm sure this place gets packed earlier on.  We ordered lunch and breakfast.  We ordered the California Sandwich which consisted of grilled chicken breast, lettuce/tomato, mayo, jack cheese, avocado and jalapeno bacon on toasted sourdough bread accompanied by homemade kettle chips which they call spuds. Since it was our first time here without even asking us our server had the some of the spuds cooked crispy and soft so we could decide for ourselves on our favorite cooking style...wow! I really appreciated her doing this and for the record my favorite spuds are the crispy ones but my husband liked the soft one so now we know for next time to ask for half-n-half.  
 
We also ordered their pancake breakfast which comes with a short stack, 2 eggs any style, and sausage or bacon.  You have the choice of buttermilk or cream pancakes.  So we went with the highly recommended cream pancakes.  And we were not disappointed. They are good old fashion pancakes with a hint of sweetness and just marvelous!  And since there is always room for dessert we shared apple pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream...yumm !  

There menu is very extensive so we can't wait to come back and try some of their other menu items!
I'm always on the lookout for new places to try for lunch...and after seeing Nelson Q. rave about the 50's Diner and how it was locally owned I decided to give it a try. 

Decor wise it's literally a 50's Diner...it's not as glitzy as places closer to Las Vegas Blvd. But if you judge a book by it's cover you're going to miss out on a gem. Service? Phenomenal. This is a family owned business and it shows. But as good as it is to support small, family owned businesses it's all about the food. So does this diner get it done? Yes they do. 

They have a pretty good menu with a lot of items but I'm from the Midwest so when trying something new I tend to stick with the classics like in this case a 3 egg omelet, with sourdough toast and potato slices. I'm not a big potato fan but these slices were a nice change from the usual hash browns you see so much of. I went with a California omelet and was very pleased with it. Lots of chicken, peppers, avocado...it was really filling and really good. 

I want to go back and try their sandwiches and other items on the menu. I'm glad I read Nelson's comments and took the time to check this place out. 4 Stars. I will be back.
This review is for 4.5 stars. When I think of going out for breakfast, I don't think of the chains first (IHOP, Denny's, or Coco's), I think of the little local places, like Omelet House, Jamms, and now this place. 

This family-owned restaurant is located across the street from our Vet's (DI Animal Hospital) and over the years, I've wondered how good it was, noticed that there were always cars in the parking lot. Saw the menu online, www.menusearch.net (good prices!) when I did a search recently (friday night) and wanted to scope it out for an upcoming event. 

No, it's not related to the other Omelet House restaurants, but there are some similarities. (1) You can get spuds, and (2) substitute freshly baked pumpkin bread for the bread choice @ 99 cents, you can't go wrong. There are breakfast specials, $4.99 and under, at the top of the menu (these are updated prices, from the menu online). Add 99 cents for weekend prices. Also, (3) like the Omelet House, this restaurant closes at 3 pm. But you can get breakfast for lunch here, if you like (don't remember if you can get breakfast for lunch there). 

I ordered the country scrambler- ham, onions, mushrooms, & cheddar cheese. The pumpkin bread and butter came first; it was pretty good, but only had one bite so I could eat my meal without being full. The spuds were seasoned lightly and very crispy, golden brown, ("better than theirs" our server, Veronica said, as we placed our order), and yes, we agreed!- Sometimes the competition's spuds are a little oily and soggy at the bottom. Unlike the competition's large servings (and hence the higher prices), it was just right for me. My husband got the chicken philly sandwich, and I had a bite, it was pretty good, a little ooey gooey (melted cheese on a philly is a good sign), and he finished every bite, too, scooping up the fallen onions and peppers with a fork. Also, my husband helped me finish the bread. Needless to say, was satisfied, and glad that I did my research online friday night. 

There is a pretty good size menu, lots of yummy selections. I want to try the stuffed french toast next time, or maybe the corned beef hash (my favorite). Lots of items average about $6.00 generally for breakfast, and about $8.00 for lunch. Omelets you can have either Small or Large. Lunch is sandwiches, burgers, chili, soup, salads, and also a kids menu.

The atmosphere is totally 1950s, the decor on our side of the wall was Elvis Presley, Marilyn Monroe, & James Dean. On the opposite wall are record covers. While there was oldies music playing, we also heard hits from the 1970s too. Old fashioned floor, black & white blocks. The bathrooms are marked "His" and Hers". There isn't a baby changing station but I used the stool with a couple seat covers on top (hey, mom's have to be creative sometimes). It was a particularly hot day yesterday and there weren't too many patrons for lunch, a few other parties besides us. Clean too. This is a casual place, seat yourself- lots of booths & tables too. 

Our server was super nice and when the baby toppled over the glass of water all over the table, she wasn't annoyed, she just acted really fast, and got assistance from two others there. No biggie. With tip, the bill for both of us was $20.00.

No longer curious, eager to go back again, this is a little gem in the desert. It's one of those little places that could be featured on DDD, but at the same time, don't want the secret ot be out, either.
Great food, great staff. Good for the wallet too. Only open until 3... So get in early!
I've only been here once but will added to my usual rotation.  The food was excellent and the service was beyond great.  I had the popeye omelet and ordered the small as it's a 3 egg omelet but the cooks accidentally made me a large (6 eggs), it was phenomenal, perfectly fluffy. The sourdough toast was really good too.  Everyone else with my that day enjoyed their omelets as well.  

More outstanding than the food was the service.  The second we walked in we were seating and asked for our drink order.  The refills were constant and they brought out my 4 year old's food right away so he wouldn't have to wait.  Prices are incredibly reasonable we spent $60 for 3 adults and 1 child including a 20% tip.  

The ambience is that of a family owned diner from the 50's, the furniture and decorations make you feel like you're back in that time, and they have a malt shop, I will be back soon to try their shakes.
I was expecting to like this place more.  It has a good amount of seating and was clean.  I was seated and approached nearly immediately for my drink order.  So, that was a nice start.  To eat, I had the chicken fried steak breakfast with biscuit and gravy substituted for the toast.  The gravy had a lot of sausage in it, but lacked seasoning overall.  I peppered it up pretty good and it wasn't half bad.  I would say with seasoning it could be an above-average pepper cream gravy.  But, the lack of seasoning was apparent.  The biscuit was good, but I couldn't finish it.  The bottom half was too tough to cut, so I only had a part of it.  The top half (that wasn't too hard) was a solid biscuit.  

The chicken fried steak was a decent diner style version.  It's a lot of food, but I don't think it's homemade.  The spuds are similar to Omelet House's version of this dish, as many yelpers note.  I would agree that these are better, they were larger and nearly all fully fried.  There were no soggy ones, which can be annoying at OH.  But, like the gravy, there was not nearly enough seasoning.  So, they ended up tasting like ketchup, hot sauce, salt and pepper, which is what I used to season them.

Overall, it's a solid value, but I was not blown away.
I go here ocassionally for breakfast. Good food and today excellent service. I had the Bisquit & Gravey Platter (yea I know) and it was gr8. The prices are reasonable too. I keep going back and I can recommend that you try it.
I thought this place would be worth checking out because it's different. The food was average.
Dont understand the rating food was very average.  Diner itself could use a good cleaning!
Today is thanksgiving I was pleased to find they were open for breakfast and lunch, the staff is very friendly and attentive, the food is great, prices are reasonable.i have found my new hangout other than the neighborhood Thai restaurant. Thank you 50's staff for starting my thanksgiving 2013 off great! Happy thanksgiving to you all. I will be back very soon to try your lunch menu   :)
Great place for breakfast.  Every omelette you can imagine.  We were visiting Las Vegas for Christmas and this is a great place away from the strip.  Great food and great service and not overly priced.
Came here for breakfast on a Wednesday morning.  I had thw meat lovers omelet. My wife had the build your own.  Good food. Good service. Not expensive.  Not a lot of healty choices for breakfast (oatmeal), but if you like a good omelet, you can't go wrong here.
Love this place, quick and friendly service and the food is delish. But the best part by far is the environment. It gives so much entertainment while you eat and you can tell it's a regular spot for a lot of people :)
We come here every time we are in Vegas. It is a old, greasy spoon diner. The service has always been fantastic and the breakfast is wonderful. Always upgrade to the pumpkin bread, it is to die for. If you like spicy, the jalapeño bacon is excellent.
YUM!

Love this place. The service is great. Live me some Angie with her crazy nails. Feels like a down home place. I enjoyed my breakfast very much. Great place to bring kids or a large group.
Love it here ! Went here with my family and they gave us such great service ,very friendly staff and great food .
My hubby and I absolutely *LOVE* this place! The food is delish, the portions are bigger than most (so make sure you come with an appetite) and the staff is friendly!  The whole feel of the place is so vintage- and 50's (literally!).  The price isn't bad either!  Overall, a great place to have breakfast or brunch.
We have been dining here for over 4 years now and the staff is constantly producing great diner food and service.  Our first experience for dinner was really great. My suggestion is to try the fried zucchini, and the california grilled chicken sandwich.
Thought we would try this out one afternoon. I got the chicken fried steak and eggs and my fiancé got a blt. We both loved the food!! Prices were decent! I am a budget shopper. And our waitress was amazing!! We will definitely be visiting this place again!
Sandwiches are awesome and the price and customer service are unmatched.
Definitely a place to stop at when in Vegas
I wish this place was closer!  No pretensions, just good comfort food in comfortable booths in yes, comfortable pink walls dotted with vintage posters.  My son and I were greeted with smiles and 50s beach music.  I'm all fuzzy inside.  

There really was nothing to fault between the iced coffee and pulpy OJ, to the bacon and soft spud chips (you can order them crisp) to the warm and efficient service.  I really enjoyed the hint of parsley seasoning on the chips and the sweet cream pancakes are GOOD.  So far, the best in Vegas in my book (I enjoyed them more than Du-par's too).  Fluffy and tasty with whipped salty butter and syrup that is a little runny but still good. 

We'll be back to try the other menu items, especially the apple pie ala mode!
We were on this side of town lookin for a good place to eat. Went straight to yelp as I always do & came across this cute little 50s diner. 

Decor inside is pretty neat. The walls are pink, there's a juke box there (don't know if it works, paintings & pictures that's 50s related. Very cute.

Variety on the menu. I decided to get the Mexican omelet. You get to choose if you want 3 or 6 eggs. Of course I picked the 3 lol. I decided to substitute the toast for biscuits and gravy. That was a good decision. They also have home made potato chips that comes with the meal which was surprisingly pretty good. 

Beau got the French toast special. Didn't really try it but he said it was really good. Comes with eggs and sausage or bacon. 

Good breakfast place to go to if your in the area! Our waitress was great too. She only came by to check on us once or twice though but we really didn't need anything.
I've been eyeing this place for a while now, and I finally resolved to try it today. I'm glad I did.

There's some wordage outside saying that this is Omelet House 50's Diner. One of the employees mentioned that they used to be owned by Omelet House a long time ago, and it really shows in the menu. All those omelets are pretty much the same, and there's plenty of other typical diner options for breakfast and lunch.

I was being a little budget-minded. I was sad that the "early bird" 1/2 sandwich and soup special advertised outside (~$5) was only available starting at 2 (and going until 6?) so I went for the two egg breakfast special instead (available all day for $4.99) with spuds, bacon, my choice of scrambled eggs, and a $0.89 substitution of the pumpkin nut bread for the toast.

That pumpkin nut bread was probably my favorite thing, with a rich flavor complemented by my liberal addition of butter and the sweetness of the baked-in raisins. The eggs were moist, the bacon was good if a little modestly sized. The spuds were very similar to what I've had at Omelet House, and they're basically really thick chips. Would've liked if they were all somewhat crunchy, but some were chewy and some were a bit overdone.

Really though, none of the menu options really will break the bank. It's solid American Food with a retro feel, including the music. I'll have to try it again some time. I think it's a good alternative for lunch in the area if you ever want a change of pace from Thai Food To Go.
I've read really good reviews on this place and today (Mother's Day) I decided to bring my sisters for breakfast! Loved the theme "50's" also enjoyed the fact that oldies were playing as background music! It was a little too crowed but service was great and very attentive! They also have a sign that reads "the friendliest diner" very true! Our server was very attentive and quick! Thumbs up! So I ordered the short stack pancakes "wheat" these pancakes were soo fluffy and full of flavor! Sucked I couldn't finish them but I'd definitely be back as there is more to choose from! It's super affordable very great food and service!
Mexican omelet- the best omelet I've ever had. Great bacon, awesome potato slice/chip/hash brown things! Fast and friendly.
the best diner so far! i live the food and the atmosphere! people are awesome there. i must say its a hidden gem in vegas! price is very reasonable. calm quite neigbourhood and a perfect beginning of a day! i will go back there tomorrow again!
Omg, this place is so amazing! The waitresses and staff are always so inviting, and warm! The food is also really great. I usually come in for Breakfast. "The Mexican" omelet Is my absolute fave!! Don't even get me started on the spuds! Friggin' delicious!! Lunch is also really good. Usually if I go there for lunch I get the "Turkey Club" or the, "Big Daddy Wamo". 50's Diner is without a doubt, one of the best spots around. Fuck IHOP and Denny's.
awesome.....
I signed up for Yelp just so I can write a review on this restaurant!!  There is not a month that goes by where I am not in some other large US city having  a nice meal and I have to say that the Pig & Pickle competes toe to toe.  This will for sure be a Top 20 Phoenix-Metro Restaurant!  I am already planning on being back in a few days.

Awesome service, great personalities with the staff, cool atmosphere, great drinks and absolutely ridiculously yummy food.  It has the friendliness of the Mid-West, a feel of a Kansas City steak restaurant, an eclectic menu of a San Francisco hot spot, and the cozy atmosphere of a Cheers bar.

Do yourself a favor and just go!!
Full posted review and photos at: http://forkvsfood.com/pig-and-pickle
------------------
 Initial observations at Pig and Pickle are that it's more affordable than Atlas and the menu is loaded with straight-forward, delicious rustic food with just enough global influence to make it interesting.

I'd have to say that the Pig and Pickle really delivered, especially for this being their opening weekend. The food had a nice honesty to it, the price was affordable and the service was good. There wasn't much negative to say about the experience, other than quibbling over minor details and lack of bread with charcuterie. I look forward to return visits, and I'm eager to watch the restaurant and chefs earn some well-deserved buzz in the near future.
Pig & Pickle, thank you for renewing my faith in Arizona's take on the Gastropub.  

If you happen to be within 20 miles of this restaurant and don't make an effort to stop in you're crazy.  The food is a creative twist on your favorite comfort food items.  Pork belly with pureed yams?  Yes, please?  Homemade marshmallows for your ice cream cookie'ish desert treat?  YES PLEASE!   Tiny tostadas with itty bitty slices of kimchi??????  I'm in love... 

They even have a vegan burger, for those who are interested.  For the rest of us they'll slap a slice of bacon on that vegan burger at no charge.  

The location is easy to get in and out of, which is awesome.  The parking was great.  The prices are exceptionally reasonable.  The food was stellar.  

I also hear they're getting ready to start doing brunch on the weekends.  I'm gonna need a new cab driver to keep on call.
March 30, 2013:
Had the mussels with Spanish chorizo!
The mussels shrink a lot during extreme cooking, but during this process the smokey flavors of the Spanish chorizo meld with the cream and herbs in the bottom of the large bowl. I wish the mussels shrunk less, but anyway....  a couple of pieces of bread are also in the bowl. Use them for dipping into the soup! My friend got bread and butter with her charcuterie platter, so I was invited for more bread. Dab a little butter on the bread and dunk into your soup! WOW.
All breads and butter are made fresh on site.
--------------------------------------

The original review:

Top marks for everything, I'm really happy for this new place.
The chefs are amazing, creating simple, beautifully presented and delicious things with uncommon ingredients (many from small producers) with wonderful flavors that are unlike anything you could ever expect. Obscure flavors are presented with purpose and mix well with each other, especially those served with greens of sorts, which many are. Don't ignore the little things on your plate, expecially drops of sauce.

I've recently had the smoked salmon starter and the pork liver smear. I grew up on liverwurst and black bread, so this was a scrumptious treat. I ordered a second round! At $4 a round, it's really hard to just have ONE. All the bread is baked on site!
 The salmon was super fresh and luxurious in my mouth, and the greens on top added another dimension of zingy freshness that went well with the salmon. 
PRO-TIP: Try to get all elements of the plate on one forkload the first bite, especially the sauce. No need to go for a large chunk of salmon, make it smaller for your fork......

P&P has friendly service on a different level and with class. 
Just the right size of place, and I felt like a VIP the whole time.
Lots of good beers available, and the barstaff is great.
They have a few off-the-beaten-path whiskeys, ryes and other liquors, and there's whispers of award-winning TRUE Swiss absinthe gracing the shelves in the near future!
My reviews have an "inside skinny."
Well, THIS WHOLE PLACE is inside skinny!!
They also have a coal oven and a smoker, so expect some AMAZING things!
I've recently witnessed trays of meat going to the smoker, and whole smoked pork legs!
I totally expect P&P will be a TOP-rated and a very talked about place in the near future as P&P is setting the new modern quality standard for Arizona if not the nation. I'll vote now for next year's Best of Phoenix award for best new restaurant.
I know that's pretty high praise, but check the place out and you'll see everything done with friendly class and good taste at a fair price. The sammies n burgers look great! Get the veggie burger with bacon ($8 and includes a side). 
No extra charge for the bacon if you want it, I swear. $0.

Über inside skinny SECTION:
Go during Happy Hour. Check website for details.
There is Chartreuse Verte and St. George absinthe.
WAY COOL music, heavily accented with reggae.
The bartender is your friend and you don't know it yet. Sit at the bar and find out. 
RELAX!!! You're away from the world that's trying to get you!!!
The wood-grilled tri-tip steak and a red wine I know you've never had, and the ricotta gnocchi with sautéed mushrooms.
Next time I'm probably getting the mussels and leeks, I'm pretty excited about that.
Gourmet cheese counter coming soon!
Bread is baked fresh daily on site. Ask for the bread n butter (also made fresh).
Also at the bar, they use the Mexican (made with sugar not HFCS) Coca-Cola and Sprite for the drinks, and they make the Moscow Mule with small batch ginger ale imported from the UK.

If you walk in and think immediately the place is pretentious, YOU DON'T GET IT. An open kitchen where you see the chefs work is gourmet hip. There's a certain vibe you gotta accept from right when you walk in the door, and I'm sorry if you're not ready for the "everyone's your cousin you haven't seen in a while" vibe. It's a nice neighborhood feel I've been missing. Actually, I feel like a Hollywood VIP when I'm in there for some strange reason. I can't explain it but I will happily accept it.
Every pork dish here is amazing, but there are a lot of vegetarian dishes as well like the shepherd's beany pie and and the nancy sammie. The prices are very fair as well this place is going to do really well!
This Place is Ahhh Mazing. The successfully bring upper end bistro style food down to a price point where the average person could eat there weekly. Great atmosphere, nice service, and accomplished Chefs make for a place that is easily one of the best eateries I have been to period.
Awesome experience - great atmosphere, the food was awesome (make sure you try the Tots, they are UNBELIEVABLE) and craft beers on tap...what more could you ask for? We will definitely be back soon!
The Croque Madam and Tot of the day are an absolute MUST!!!!  Perfectly poached egg on top of ham with a fantastic Mornay sauce. You will not be disappointed! And the staff is all very friendly and fun to talk to.
Went in to Pig and Pickle on a Monday with a grip of chefs and foodies around 11 to find more than 20 or 30 people all looking to be enjoying themselves at this sparsely decorated gem in a strip mall. 
The dining room is decorated with a giant wall of the silhouette of a pig and the rest of the room with local artwork, including a gangster Marilyn Monroe, I'm a fan.
The drinks list included small batch boozes along with great beers by the bottle and tap.  
On to the best part of the place, of course, the food.  We all ordered different things to share and get a full experience of their late night menu.  Different than their regular hours menu of course.  I got the pork tostadas with kim chee and the pickles plate.  Both were delicious and the kim chee actually had a little funk to it that I appreciate.  The pickles were great too and a  good assortment with grapes being the star along with green beans, fennel, beets, and onions.  My friends got the burger which was juicy and cooked perfectly on a flatbread that fell apart a little bit.  We also all tried the Tot of the day which was prosciutto and some sort of cheese that I forget, also tasty.  Possibly the best tot I've had.  We also tried the croque madam which was executed well with creamy mornay and perfect runny eggs but the star of the night was the braised pork leg which anyone there late night must have.  Perfectly tender with a crispy sear and delicious braised butter beans with tomatoes.  
Pig and Pickle is worth every penny and I will sure be back for my late night after work cravings for local goodness. 
Oh did I mention 2.50 tall boy PBRs and coozies lol.
I was SO excited to hear about this place opening up just a short drive/nice walk from my apartment, as there is nothing remotely this interesting menu-wise in this area. However, I found myself getting disappointed over and over throughout my experience here. 

First, the bad stuff:

Bf and I walked in and it took at least five full minutes before anyone even acknowledged us...and there's not really a host stand or any signs indicating if one should seat themselves or to wait to be directed by a host to a table. We stood there looking hopeless and hungry, trying to catch the eye of anyone on the waitstaff who all ignored us before someone came from behind the bar and greeted us, seating us at a table near the bar area. The space is beautiful and huge-I never went here when it was Detours but was surprised it was so spacious as it doesn't seem like it would be from the outside. 

The service was pretty much awful, the waitress taking FOREVER to put in any orders (she only had a few tables from what we could tell...and I've been a waitress before so I know how long these things should take!). The first drinks took a while to get to us, and she didn't take our order until wayyyy after our drinks were delivered, despite the numerous attempts at eye contact. We had to actually reach out and tap her when she was walking by to get her attention, not a good sign. After our apps, we had to wait another longgg while before entrees arrived. 

When I wanted a second cocktail I waited...and waited...and waited some more. Then I decided to just go on up to the bar myself as I saw the waitress still hadn't put the order in, and told the bartender that I had ordered from the waitress but that I didn't think she had put it in yet, and he was not surprised-he said she did the same thing with my first drink! Well that explains why it took forever to get either round of drinks...the waitress wasn't putting them in the computer after I ordered them. And no, even though I had to wait forever and order it myself they didn't take it off the bill like most places would, most likely because no one noticed. I didn't want to make a scene and it wasn't that big of a deal, but most restaurants I frequent would NEVER let something like that happen. Just sayin'. 

Now onto the good stuff:

The menu at this place has SO much creativity and potential! We ordered the pork shoulder tostadas for an app and this was an amazingly delicious dish...I just wish there was more of it. It was three teeny tiny corn tortilla shells topped with the pork shoulder mixture that had a seasoning so delicious, I was literally spooning the juice left over from the plate into my mouth. I had a long time to sit with this empty app dish before the waitress ever came by to take our entree order, so I got to enjoy the plate juice for quite a while. 

The menu here reminds me of my favorite restaurant's menu, noca. Bacon and me get along well, and I was 100% ready to fall in love with this restaurant when I saw they had *FREE* bacon on their vegan burger! I love vegan food AND I love bacon, so this was a theoretical match made in heaven. Now, many vegan burgers have corn in them, so I asked if this was made with corn because my stomach+whole corn kernels=bad, and the waitress assured me that while it was made with corn, it was "all mixed up in there, it's not very much and you don't even know it's in there". I was surprised to see that there was TONS of corn in whole kernel form alllll up in that burger. Luckily I was able to pick it out, though that left very little "burger" left to eat, but just be warned if you have any corn issues that this burger is not for you. 

However, if you love regular beef burgers, the burger here is fantastic! Bf ordered this and it was amazingly tasty-he got it with bacon and it was heavenly. Bacon costs $2.50 extra on non-vegan burgers, fyi. He ordered fries but the waitress brought him salad instead, though once he mentioned it she did have someone bring over fries and they were decent. The salad wasn't anything to write home about, I had one as my side dish as well.

I'd love to chalk the bad service up to this place being new, because the menu is just too enticing to ignore, especially since it's walking distance from my apartment! I am not giving up on this place just yet, fingers crossed that the service improves.
Outstanding.  Pork leg, tots, beers, food.  Good.  Now go eat.
This place is a great example of what a gastropub should be.  Nice decor, friendly and knowledgeable servers, good food and drinks.

I was here Saturday and enjoyed my experience.  The cocktails were well made and quite reasonably priced at $8-9.  My Sidecar was great.  I'd like to see a little more selection for the wines by the glass.

The duck ham salad was a nice start.  I really liked the duck tostada with kimchee and the tri tip was perfect.

An extra bonus was observing the hipster patrons with their little hats and skinny pants.

I'll be back!
It was with great excitement that I visited Pig & Pickle last Saturday. I went inside with wide eyes and the enthusiasm of a child on Christmas. Something so urban and hip in my little neighborhood of South Scottsdale! Yes, please and thanks in advance.

After dining, I am actually a little torn. There was stuff that was absolutely outstanding, and stuff that was just plain not good.

I'll start with the outstanding.

I personally don't really eat pork OR beef, but I figured when in Rome... I ordered the pot roast sammie, and seriously, I thought I was going to pass out from deliciousness. It tasted just like the amazing, tender pot roast that my mom used to make. It was topped with creamy cheese and caramelized onions. I'll be hard pressed to venture out and try anything new because this was just soooo good.

We also ordered desert after our meal, which if that is all I was reviewing this would be five stars without hesitation. The deserts were creative, delicious, not outrageously sized and are leaving me salivating just thinking about them. 

The beer list was long, and the server was happy to offer recommendations. He was generally a friendly guy and explained the menu well when we had questions.

Now for the just plain not good....

Unfortunately, I have to mirror the sentiments of other reviewers and say that while very friendly, the service was poor. Wait times were long even though the place wasn't packed, and we sat with a table almost completely covered in empty dishes for most of our meal. We almost cleaned off our own table at one point just to have some room, but luckily our server eventually figured it out. I hate to say that because he was very nice, but they missed the mark on some basics of service.

The tots. I feel like I'm going to be mobbed for saying this, but to me- they weren't good at all. Maybe I was disappointed after assuming I'd get a traditional "tot", or maybe the tot of the day wasn't my fave, but I could only manage to eat half of one.  The tot was a "Philly Cheesesteak" and to me it was less tot and more fried mashed potato ball with peppers and steak. Not good, unfortunately. I will be totally open to trying them again in the hopes that the flavor of the day just didn't do it for me.

The cost wasn't outrageous but maybe a little high for the neighborhood. I didn't mind paying it, but some might balk at the prices.

Overall, I will be back, and am looking forward to it. I just know what I'll avoid this time. Hopefully they get their service in check and get their processes streamlined. I have faith in this place, and I hope it inspires other creative, indie eateries to spring up in South Scottsdale.
Just returned from a much anticipated visit to Pig and Pickle...much to my disappointment I write this in hope that those antiicipating thier own visit heed the warning.Following a long day as a bartender addressing the needs of others I eagerly awaited enjoying some new vittles and a new local place .When arriving I was greeted by a very pleasant and joviall bartender Scott...quite a treat. Ordered the croquet sammie and a glass of vino. Asked for house wine and was informed that a pinot noir was the only option....so noir it was. I texted a friend and informed her I was at P n P and feel free to come over and have a drink/nibble. My friend arrived and was literally not acknowledged for 10 minutes. Scott was no where in site. There was a man who we later found out was one of the owners behind the bar...not friendly...not attentitive ...certainly not a reason to visit. Earlier when he asked how was my food I stated the food was good but the temp was lukewarm and I would prefer hotter.Clearly he was NOT interested in my feedback and opinions as he scurried off and remained aloof and unavailable. Scott returns and we share  our disappointment with him...he is gracious and apologetic.....we press on, When presenting our check the owner bartender informs us that he has given us the industry discount( awesome) until my friend realizes that she has been charged 12$ for whatshe hoped to be a cheap glass of house wine....much to our shegrin the noir was not . All in all here it is....nice location...nice ambiance, food was flavorful, Scott was a consumate pro, the prices food wise were reasonable...they need a more affordable wine selection for  the working class. I am sad ...I had high hopes. I was  not at all impressed with the surly arrogance of the "owner bartender" .He alone,was a deterrent to wanting to return regardless of the food and or drinks. Thumbs down on this experience~ Perhaps wait a minute...let them figure out the error of thier ways and this place maystand a chance-
Friggin fantastic late night spot. Great variety on the menu, with good drinks to go with. Service was top notch and very friendly. This area really needed a place like this. Can't wait to go back. My only suggestion, try to keep at least some of that Nutella ice cream around for the late night eats. I need something sweet after eating such great food!
Yay! Rejoice! There is finally a foodie spot in south Scottsdale less than a mile away from me that brings some hipster cred to the corner of Hayden and Thomas Roads. The Pig & Pickle just opened, serving up a pork-heavy dinner menu paired with a variety of beers and handcrafted cocktails. While the interior gives off a sports bar vibe with an open kitchen, the menu features local ingredients in comfort food style dishes that give the place a warm, welcoming feel.

I had a really great vegan burger ($8), made with beans, grains and seeds. It was tasty and filling, and I really enjoyed the seasoned fries that came with it.

My friend got the creamy broccoli and and brown ale with cheddar soup ($7), which he said was great, as well as a pot roast sammie ($10), with carmelized onions, havarti and chile aioli. It looked like a hearty sandwich, and he said it really tasted fresh.

I'd go back to the Pig & Pickle to try their mac n' cheese -- and I'm also curious how their appetizer of pickles would stand out. The spot is also cool because it serves food until 1 a.m., which is great for Old Town Scottsdale nightclubbers who want a foodie fix.
Man, I was so close to giving this place 4 stars, and it definitely has 5 star potential.

I came tonight with a couple friends and the only disappointment was the service. All the tables were full, and somehow there seemed to only be a single server in the entire restaurant. Maybe he was just stressed out, but he wasn't particularly friendly. He also seemed to keep forgetting about us. We had to spend a few minutes staring him down to catch his attention at every juncture of the dining process.

With that said, the food was superb. These guys are serious about food quality. All three of us got a different item, and each loved it. I had the Vegan burger, with a side salad, which I highly recommend. It was nice and filling with its lentil & bean base. And at only $7 during happy hour, it is definitely a deal I'd return for.

The menu has a ton of interesting items. Next time I'll plan on leaving some room for dessert... the desserts all looked incredible. Next time.
My boyfriend and I stopped by for dinner The other night. For having just opened, I thought they were doing a great job.

The service was excellent. We were greeted right away, and our waiter was totally on top of his game and very knowledgable. We really didn't wait for anything.

The food is very decent. I think it will only get better as they get more experienced. We ordered the cod bites, which are good but nothing special. I wanted to try the pork shoulder tostadas, but the boyfriend chose the appetizer dish. I did really like the fries and aioli that came with it, though

He got the pot roast sandwich which he enjoyed ( you must try the tater tot concoction side dish) and I got the duck leg. It was very good, but a bit dry. 

The one complaint I have is that they allow smoking on their patio, directly in front of the door. We were seated fairly close to the door, and as soon as someone walked through, we got a huge whiff of it. I absolutely can't stand cigarette smoke, and don't think it has any place near a restaurant, but to each their own. I do think they should force smokers to use a different area of the patio, though. 

We will most likely be back, but will ask to sit in a different area. Other than that it was a great experience.
Pig & Pickle is an upscale eatery in South Scottsdale - the type where you can see the kitchen and the chefs doing their thing while wearing crisp chef uniforms - the type of place where you can't have things the way you want. The dishes come how they are listed on the menu. No onions? Sorry, this isn't burger king - you can't have it your way. This is the sort of joint where the food is almost art and they don't want diners second guessing the expertise of the artists in the kitchen.

I find this sort of thing to be a bit pretentious, but at the same time I do appreciate going to places like this - as a treat. The menu is filled with really unique dishes and it's definitely aspiring above the neighborhood. It'll be interesting to see if they last in this spot. I sincerely hope they do. It can only bring up the game of the area. 

My gf and I tried each other's dishes and we definitely had a wide sampling of desserts and entrees. We were about 50/50 on the dishes. We liked the sandwich and the bread and thought the desserts were fantastic, but felt a few of the dishes and items to be lacking. It was a mixed bag really, but as we were told - they are really new and still experimenting and finding their stride.

If they lower their self-importance level a bit and offer up a little more variety, they will make more friends. So far though, it looks like they don't need too much help. The server told us they have been really busy since they opened. Speaking of which - service was a bit slow and spotty, but he was super nice, professional and went out of his way for us. 

I'm giving 3 stars because I liked it, but I see room for improvement. I will definitely be back, and I plan to bump this up to 4 if they iron out the kinks. They probably deserve a 4, but I feel like at these prices and presentation - things should be a little tighter... expectations are a bit higher.
Usually Yelp reviewers are pretty right on, but not in this case.  I give the one star for the nice waiter.  The food was awful and over priced.  The cod bites appetizer had 4 small (half dollar size) pieces of fish with about 20 soggy french fries.  The pork pot roast sammy had a nice burnt roll, that actually cut the roof of my mouth.  Very little meat in the sandwich and half of it was un-chewable fat.  The flavor of the inside onion, cheese and butter was good.  I ordered the tots for an additional $1.00 and you only get two small potato creations.  These were decent but not great.  I was surprised that the waiter did not mention anything when he took my plate with a pile of chewed up fat on it.  I think he sees the writing on the wall and didn't really give a hoot.  I would suggest he starts looking for a new job.  This place has been open for three weeks and I am positive that most of these reviews have been made by friends or family members.  I have lived in Scottsdale for over 40 years and have seen many places come and go.  This place will go.
Great ambience and nice menu, however the execution left a lot to be desired.  Prices are extremely reasonable.  Just don't ask for any substitutions, you won't get any even if the waiter says they can do it, that left a sour taste in my mouth.  Has potential to easily improve if they can get the kitchen to be able to read a ticket properly or for the waiter to be able to convey your request to the kitchen.  Good selection of beer, wine and booze.  If this place were located in old town Scottsdale it could potentially be the talk of the town however it is located in your typical neighborhood strip mall, which probably allows them to keep prices low and remain off of everyones radar..
My husband and I had dinner here tonight, expecting something...more.  I had the trout, and he ordered the steak.  They both were good but just not as good as we had expected it to be.  Or maybe we've just had better.  My biggest complaint about both dishes is that it was surprisingly very lemon-y.  At first, I thought that since I had ordered fish, it must have been topped off with lemon juice because even my mashed potatoes tasted sour.  But my husband's entree was lemon-y too.  It was very bizarre.  Anyway, if we are going to pay around $20/person for fish and steak, I think we'll go somewhere else that uses less lemons in their dishes.
I don't take 5 stars lightly. This new place really is doing a good job. The food is inventive. Many pickled vegetables and house made sausages.  Fresh bread and house smoked lox. The tri-tip was perfectly cooked and flavorful. A bowl of broccoli beer cheese soup, tasty. The grand finale, fried carrot cake with a savory salted cream was stunning. The service was perfect. From the greeter as we approached the door, water service during the meal, the attentive waitress to the farewell as we left. Keep up the good work.
Reserved seating for my husband's birthday.Emailed the place on a Thursday, and no one got back to me until the following Tuesday. My email response only said, "talk to Cat." Called, and the person that answered the phone didn't know who Cat was.  Can we have have seating for 16? We got 12. The server came to our table once in a GREAT while.. I was very polite, and they were "busy." I understand large groups and how it can be horrible sometimes, but this girl didn't even try.  I guess they just had a review in the newspaper so it brought a lot of people in. I have been a bartender. I have been a server. Why did you hire people that don't have personality, or the ability? On to the beer... They were out of Bud Light, Coors light, and two different bottles of wine that we tried to order. ( Side note, we do like good beer: they had an ok beer selection...but the stout I ordered was a horrible 3/4 pour.)We ordered the bone marrow as an appetizer...ehhh. My choice was the "Nancy" sandwich and it  was dry...even though it had avocado (which turned out to be guacamole), tomato, and two slices of brie (that were hamburger sized)...whats going on with your food cost on a pound of bri on my sandwich!? My husband had the mussels with chorizo,.. the mussels were just ok, and chorizo was like beef jerky. One friend said the roast beef sammie was ok, but really fatty.Another friend had a pork appetizer that  tasted like a salt lick for deer. We did have a friend that liked the burger and another that like some kind of ham and eggs dish.  No one had silverware. After we asked the server 3 times, SOME people had something to eat with. Three different people were overcharged in our group...which the server was very nice about correcting.  I wanted to like this place. We live in the neighborhood, and it has a charming name!  I couldn't say one nice thing about our experience here.
Had a great meal. The food quality is 5-stars. We ordered 2 drinks, the mussels, the duck bacon salad (fyi: duck bacon is not crispy), croque and mentioned that we would be sharing everything. I was surprised when they brought it all at once. I guess I should have specified that we would be taking our time and savoring courses. Servers were attentive and kept trying to clear our plates which, if we were ready for them to be gone would be good, but we were enjoying dipping the fries in the mornay sauce. On the 4th try, we gave up and let them take it. :)

Prices are beyond reasonable for the quality and from 4-7 every day, get $1 off all food and drink items. Our bill came to $50 plus tip. Worth every penny!
Naturally on my first visit to a bar, I start with a Manhattan, it's a test to see if they employee "real" bartenders... good news, they do! The Manhattan was perfectly mixed and they even used my favorite figgy pudding bitter which is a rarity since it just started being sold.  We were off to a good start, not quite friends, but acquaintances.  Next up appetizers, we chose the ricotta gnocchi in a chevre and mushroom broth.... Okay, P&P now we're friends!  For my entrée, I chose the house made vegan burger. It was just okay, a little bland.  It needed spice or salt or something.  The fries were good though.  Now it's time to tell you why P&P might be my new BFF... Homemade nutella icecream topped with salted carmel and home made marshmallows served with a chocolate chip cookie... seriously amazing! 

Overall, P&P is great place for us Southdale locals to hang out and get good grub.  I do hope they frequently change up the menu though, because as a vegetarian I have a feeling I'll get bored with my 2 options quickly!
A welcome addition to the neighborhood - this place is amazing!  Everything we tried - duck leg, roasted marrow, duck ham (!?!) , pork belly - was delicious.  Can't wait to try the late night menu, and I heard brunch is starting soon!
Went expecting very good things based on great reviews in the local papers and Yelp. Unfortunately didn't quite live up to expectations. Restaurant itself is nicely appointed and has a good feel. Service was friendly and attentive. Food wasn't quite what I was hoping for though. We had the bone marrow and pork shoulder tostadas to start. Bone marrow was nice - enjoyed the onion jam and pickled onions it came with - nice compliments. The tostadas didn't work for us though - the ginger aioli lacked much ginger and there was just way too much of it. The duck leg was excellent itself, but the bean cake it came with didn't do much for me, and the bean sprouts and cabbage slivers on top didn't do much for the plating or the dish over. The pot-roast sammie was good, but the fries were barely warm and no longer crispy - which was a bummer.

I'd probably give this another shot as I liked the concept, but probably not in a big hurry to go back. Pricing generally good, though if they shave a dollar or two off the apps that would help.
Thank you for coming to my neighborhood and my world.
It's one of my fav new places! I love comfort food. I know what you are thinkin, why would a vegetarian like me, love comfort food! Well it's the overall package, & it's not like my most fav food, but I like what they do with their okras, hush puppies ( even though it was meant for puppies :p), greens & beans, Mac & cheese, etc. ok enough with the general comfort food, lets talk about P & P. 

We went there on a sunday Night, was busy for a sunday night, the place looks interesting inside, looks like a combination of a sports bar and a restaurant but isn't neither. Our waitress was  friendly but a lil' sarcastic maybe? I can't remember her name though ofc. Apparently she can't take it when the customers get indecisive (bcs of the lovely options in the menu) and are not ready to order the food even when she came back like 3 times in 7 mins. 

Anyways to the food, my buddy was like woah they have a lot of veggie options for being a pig place. I was hello, remember it has a pickle in it too. :) Oh wait the drinks, aah i posted a pic of their drinks, have a couple of interesting drinks in there. another buddy of mine got a side car, it was meh! I was in mood for something hoppy, so just got myself a left hand IPA. Their beer selection is good as well. 

I was contemplating between the vegan burger or the shepards pie. On the waitress's insistence I had to go with the pie. I liked the pie, even though it was bland as it could be. Don't think there was any seasoning in it, but was filling. Had potatoes, lentils, cheese, and stuff in it. I had to add like a bunch of chalula sauce in there to compensate. I am not going to get this again, but I wanna go back to eat the vegan burger, I read that it is bland as well in other reviews, but I will havta try it. oh i am not even gonna try and think what my friends got, ofc all of it had pigs in it, but they did look happy about the food; is what I can muster right now. 

Something about this place makes me wanna go again n again. In line with that I wanna go to their HH, or should we say Reverse HH , 10PM onwards everyday. and their desserts will be eaten as well, i hear they are good. Please watch this space for an update then. Until then P & P.
This is our second visit. We celebrated my birthday this evening. Lamb chops with chimchurri, pork belly with sweet potato purée. Need I say more?  P&P is the top of the heap in Scottsdale dining. Ashley, our server, is also on the top of her game. Very professional. For dessert. The Elvis. Peanut butter cheesecake with strawberries caramelized bananas and bacon.
An Arcadia restaurant feel in South Scottsdale. Finally! Happy hour is only $1 off f&b which isn't all that great but we still enjoyed. The cocktails were good and food was also reasonably priced and tasty. Will definitely be back.
Multiple businesses have tried to make it at this location, but I'm really hoping Pig & Pickle is here to stay! My wife and I have already been here twice since they opened, and I know we'll be back many more times.

The menu isn't very long, but everything we've had on it has been outstanding. The service is also friendly and helpful. And the actual restaurant is well decorated and has a bustling, but not loud, vibe to it. Keep up the great work Pig & Pickle!
Walked in on a whim at about 630-7pm on a Saturday night with my man-friend.  The hostess told us it would be about 15 mins as they were full at the moment. No worries, the bf was just glad to have a tv with the game on in front of him.  Checked out the drink menu at the bar for a few minutes... Nice beer selection and good drink prices!  They have craft cocktails, but I went for a beer since they had Konig Ludwig. =)  For dinner, I debated on the pork tostadas and the vegan burger with bacon... The bacon is a FREE add-on!!  The waitress suggested pork tostadas, so thats what I had.  Quite tasty!! There were 3 tostadas with piles of pork! They had a great ginger aioli and crunchy/spicy kimchee. 2 of them filled me up, but I went ahead and ate the 3rd one since the bf was too full from his tri-tip dinner.  Needless to say, neither one of us had room for dessert. 
The service was good and friendly and overall it was a good dinner.  The only thing I didn't care for was the $3 charge for a soda water at the bar when I ordered a beer. Fizzy water for 3 bucks?!  My bf almost exclusively chooses soda water/club soda over flat water, and I have never been charged for it when it comes out of the tap.  Just sayin.
Great service and even greater burger... will be going back to try some other things on the menu.
The service was quite good... she even found us some regular yellow mustard...Thanks!
I give them credit for trying, but its just too overpriced for what it is.  My tots were cold in the middle, the waitress couldn't give a semi-accurate description of the dish she served me.  Don't try to order water to drink because the the tiny sippy cup they give with ice holds about one sip.  

The tostados were good, but the rest of the meal, the no kids menu, we left disappointed.  If they move the restaurant ten blocks north they can get away with charging those prices, but not here.
Pretty sure I've never seen a menu that is so unique, diverse, while being delicious. Do not go here expecting your "run-of-the-mill" menu. It's all a new experience, and a delicious one. A lot of care and thought has gone into the menu, however, if the standard "meat and potatoes" is your thing, you should probably hit McDonald's. The tots are not really tots and change every day. It's always a treat to go to the Pig & Pickle.
This place is a little neighborhood gem. I'd heard great things about P&P so I was dying to it. Chip was our server and really kinda made our visit more enjoyable. He is extremely knowledgeable about this menu and he truly likes his job and it shows. His suggestions were spot on. We tried the pickles "things" which had beets,eggs, kimchi, cauliflower,pickles and carrots. Their take on tater tots is awesome, too. It changes daily, too. Ours had pepperoni and mozzarella inside and served with a spicy aioli. I had the pork shoulder tostada and my only complaint would be the ginger aioli, plus ginger in the kimchi and my Moscow mule on top of it was a bit of ginger overload but that was my fault for not realizing how much ginger stuff I had actually ordered. My friend ordered the Croque Madame with a duck egg. It wasn't the best I've had but quite delicious nonetheless. The owner stopped by and said Hi which was so cool. I've been in this biz a long time and it's the little things like that that will make this place a success. Cheers P&P....see ya soon!
Gina is the best hostess ever!! She greeted us with the best customer service ever!!  Her happy spirit and warmth made us feel so welcomed. The food is great! We will be back!!!


Thank you Gina!!!!
Good food, great staff, bad location.
Peg and I came in for the maiden voyage. We had heard good to great things about this place. With "Pig" in the name of the place, and given our affinity for an excellent purveyor of pig (Chef Justin Beckett), we wanted to check this out. The  pork liver and caramelized onion smear with pickled fennel was wonderful, so of course I added an over-easy egg on top which made it even better to me. Peg had the pork shoulder tostadas, ginger aioli, kimchi, and scallions which were also wonderful. We split the cool beet, fuji apples, almonds, arugula, cheddar, and  horseradish cream salad. For the mains, Peg tried the braised duck leg on a mung bean cake, radishes and sweet soy. The duck was cooked perfectly and the mung bean cake was crisp and very tasty. I had the pork porterhouse on a mustard  cabbage base which was incredibly good . The mustard was strong and complimented the bone-in  pork perfectly.  Being the first time, we splurged and had a pineapple upside down cake with vanilla ice cream and a creative brittle with cherries and bits of ham...very nice. As important to us as any of the food is the hospitality. There are stellar food places with excellent cuisine but sub-par personality which won't be re-visited. However, the manager at P & P (Chris),  server (Mike) and Chefs Josh and Keenan were very gracious and welcoming. Local ingredients carefully served in creative dishes. We will return! A great place for an early dinner (opens at 4:00 pm, no lunch) and an atmosphere that is functional and fun.  This is a comeback!  Dr. B
12/13/12

Nice space!  Let me rephrase that-- very cool-looking bar counter, but the rest of the room was too open, with low four-tops in the middle of the main room and high two- to four-tops next to bare walls and near the bar area.  It felt a little disconcerting...  Upon entering the restaurant, I immediately gravitated to the bar counter, where the choicest seats seemed to be.  The bartender there was friendly and eager to tell me all about the beers offered here.  After being able to sample one of the beers (sorry, none of the ones listed online sounded familiar), I decided to go with a glass of Malm Sonoma pinot noir ($10).  A pet peeve of mine is having to drink wine from a beer glass- not cool, but I got over it.

I started off with the Braised Pork Belly, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale?select=IxQZJrjKInhC-mVb9TCd1g#IxQZJrjKInhC-mVb9TCd1g which came charred (grr!) and sitting on top of a delightful silky bed of (not cloyingly) sweet yam puree, and garnished with Brussels sprouts slaw and maple syrup.  I expected the pork belly to have a little more crunch after seeing all that char, but it was almost too tender.  It tasted quite lovely, but I preferred the pork belly that Roka Akor used to serve (I hear it's not on the menu, anymore?).  I really enjoyed the yam puree's contribution to the dish-- it was almost jammy.  Still, at $10, I'm going to skip it next time (and resolve to look for it on my next trip to Roka Akor!).

For my main, I had the Braised Duck Leg, $13, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale?select=aUDb-8nR1pDZroVx1gHiHQ#aUDb-8nR1pDZroVx1gHiHQ which was a work of art!  Gorgeous colors and a MYRIAD of textures and flavors, it is definitely a dish I would order again and again!  The duck was crispy and very delicious- one of the best pieces of duck I've ever had the pleasure of tasting!  I especially enjoyed the crispy mung bean cake upon which the leg was placed on.  (Being Asian, I am familiar with mung beans- red, yellow, and green, to name a few, so to see this ingredient used in a novel way in American cuisine was exciting!)  I so loved the big bursts of ginger flavor in the cake-- I wish to see this item on more menus- at least as a substitute for crispy polenta, or risotto.  The sweet soy had almost a balsamic twist to it.  I whole-heartedly recommend this dish!

To finish, I ordered the Apple Turnover, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale?select=4bSitqEOaCaP4SvbuyJb6A#4bSitqEOaCaP4SvbuyJb6A with vanilla-bean ice cream, $6- a special of that day, which required I wait an extra twenty minutes to bake-- I do not mind waiting for freshly-baked pastries!  This delightfully-flaky turnover arrived atop a rivulet of beautiful caramel sauce, piping-hot tender spiced apple slices inside, a dollop of creme fraiche, and apple matchsticks on top.  All of this was garnished with toasted pine nuts... Exquisite, and yes, I ate it all!  

Since I arrived during happy hour, I was able to get a $1 off each item.  I found the tab a bit pricey ($46, including an $8 tip), but I did have wonderful leftovers for lunch at work the next day-- everyone kept eyeing what I was eating and asked where I found it on the buffet spread!  As if!  :)

I'll absolutely be back!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale?select=AFu1PBeqCLa2A1NVFXRwbA#AFu1PBeqCLa2A1NVFXRwbA
I think I over-hyped this place in my mind. A restaurant called Pig and Pickle can only be absolutely mind blowing. All of my friends agreed so of course this is now fact. Unfortunately, my mind was not blown. 

We came for the late night menu and Industry discount (15% off!). The atmosphere is open and spacious with subtle pig artwork scattered here and there. It's got a small bar with a great selection of craft beers and high end liquors. The cocktail menu is a bit pricey, but the drinks are well made and pretty damn boozey (the Mai Tai will knock you on your ass). 

The service was ... eh. The guy was super nice so I feel bad speaking negatively about him, but facts is facts. The drinks took a noticeably long time to arrive, and I would definitely have ordered a second had the first one not take about ten minutes to make an appearance. Apparently, the bartender was "spacing out". I couldn't care less about a spacing out bartender, I just want my alcohol.

The food was good. Solidly good, but like I said, I am not reeling from the foodgasm of piggy goodness. We ordered a round of Tots with their special sauce. For $1 each, get them! The filling changes daily and they're creamy and crunchy and comfort food delicious. Think hush puppy mashed potato mega-tot. 

I had a hard time picking my meal because honestly, the whole menu looks awesome. I ended up with a $9 Burger. You've got three choices for cheese- cheddar, swiss or havarti. I went with Havarti and a side salad. After thinking about it, I opted to add Bacon for $2.50. We had an entire conversation about how dumb it would be NOT to add bacon at a Pig place! Yeah well... the guy forgot to add the bacon. Annoying. I wasn't charged for it, but I also really would have liked to eat it. Meh. 

After the industry discount and my unnecessarily large, and guilt driven tip, my meal alone cost a little over $20. That's kinda pricey for a late night meal. Especially with such underwhelming service. It's frustrating because I like the guy, and being in the same profession, I understand wanting to be buddy-buddy with a fellow server- but DUDE. Do Not mess up my meal or my drinks. Then and only then can we be friends. 

I will come back for sure, but I'm not kicking babies and tossing the elderly out of my way to get there.
Dang this place is great! 

The pig and pickle is a perfect addition to the neighborhood. I went recently we my husband and we had  great experience in every way possible. I love when you can clearly see the respect the chef has for his ingredients. While the menu is very creative it is just simple food done really well. 

During our visit we started with the chef's feature oysters and pork shoulder tostadas. I had always been anti-oyster but tried these and loved them! They were small and delicate with a meaty texture, and the citrus on top was a delicious compliment. The tostadas were a nice portion, tender pork with kimchi and a nice aioli. They were very tasty. 

For our entrees I had the mussels with chorizo and the husband had the pork trio(Braised snout, pickled nose and cracklins.) The mussels were amazing, I loved the smokiness of the chorizo with the delicate broth,  a really superb dish. Mu husband really enjoyed his pig bits. Especially the flavor of the root vegetable puree. 

It also worth noting they have great cocktails and a fantastic beer selection. On this visit we stuck with cocktails, a Moscow mule and Manhattan. Simple, unpretentious and great quality. 

Pig and Pickle is an instant favorite and we will be making many visits.
If you want to lose weight eat here. One bite and your done. All the other reviews are friends and family... has to be. Too over priced, for low quality grub. My fries were cold, my burger way under cooked. The best part of my meal was the beer. First time I was so unhappy with a place I actually posted to warn others. Plus no happy hour?
Me and Mr. T came here last night. We inadvertently made it in time for happy hour since our movie at Camelview was sold out. I was impressed they have happy hour on Saturdays, but the pricing was less so. A dollar off wine by the glass (5 to choose from), well drinks, sandwiches, and apps.

Nothing on their "old school" cocktail list called out to me (which is extremely unusual), so I got a greyhound. It was delicious with fresh-squeezed ruby red grapefruit. My husband went with their ultra smooth mai tai. I'm not sure if it was smooth because it was blended well or just light with the booze.

We got the $4 plate of pickles. I figured these had to be good given the name of the restaurant. There were several varieties on the plate including grapes (yum!), spicy dill, bread and butter, fennel, sunomono, and watermelon rind (the highlight of our entire meal).

The vegan burger had a nice flavor, but it fell apart with the first bite and continued to do so as I ate it. The burger chunks were good with the dump truck salad though. Perhaps P&P needs to bite the bullet and just do this as a vegetarian burger with eggs added so that it binds properly. My husband thought his beef sandwich was just ok. I tried not to steal too many fries off his plate. Those were delicious and definitely not frozen.

Overall, it was an all right experience. We wouldn't come back here on our own, but we wouldn't say no if someone suggested P&P either.
Short Story

Very good Pig and Very Good Pickles. The plates are protein heavy , nearly perfect and you can easily eat Pig PIG and MORE pig in a comfortable casual setting. (Insert the Monty Python Spam song here but use Pig instead of the spam word.) With a daily changing menu.

Long Story

They have many interesting starter plates we picked the pickles and the cheese plate so we could have variety . The pickle plate was colorful and impressive. Each vegetable or fruit I tried all tasted different and was interesting. I thought the cheese plate was very good since it was made of better cheeses  , it also was a good sharing size. 

We had a Pork Porterhouse that was perfect and came with well seasoned beans and we also had a trout dish that differed from the on-line menu example but was delicious and prepared masterfully . Both dishes were light with the vegetables. The only real starch on the trout plate was the breading from the shrimp.

Decided to try a dessert since most have pig in them so we went for a less piggy option and tried the pretzel bread pudding topped with the BEST IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD peanut butter ice-cream. A yummy blackberry complimented this dessert making it taste like a yummy peanut butter and jelly sandwich. This dessert was nearly perfect my only criticism is that the bread pudding was chewy and hard but it was so tasty I ate it anyway.

Our server was very well trained and knew the menu well.

The ladies room was clean and nice but the stall was extremely small with the door opening in instead of out so even if you are tiny it's hard to get out.

Very solid very good.
I went to the Pig & Pickle for a dinner out with friends this past weekend.  We were a large group that was easily accommodated for by the staff.  There was plenty of seating in the restaurant, and a back area that made the large group setting more comfortable.  

I shared several dishes with friends so I'll list them off with my opinion but as you can tell by my overall review I was very satisfied with my experience.  When my mid-western parents come to visit in a month I'm absolutely bringing them here for dinner.  The menu was fancy but the atmosphere was causal. 

Important to know - the portion sizes are large, even on the starters.  I wasn't aware of this when I started ordering and as you can see from the list, I was very full after dinner even though I was sharing.  The same goes with the actual dinners and sandwiches, expect to take home leftovers if you aren't starving.

...Smoked Salmon, tater tot, fennel, lemon crema - If you love smoked salmon, then this is the best thing to get.  It was light but savory.  The lemon crema really made it special.  I would absolutely get this again.  

...braised pork belly, yam puree, brussel sprouts slaw and blis maple - This is just fabulous if you want two slabs of pork fat.  I'm not complaining, because who doesn't love pork fat, but it was a bit heavy when paired with the other heavier dishes.

...wood oven roasted bone marrow, crostini and onions - I think this was the smallest portion size of all the dishes but with the strongest flavor.  I've never had bone marrow before this dish so I can't say if it was good or not.  The presentation was great and I enjoyed the experience.

...cool beets salad (name too long) - I love beets, and I loved this salad.  Without question I will order this again.  It was light and pleasant, a great start.  It isn't big enough for a solid meal, but great to split with someone and a small appetizer.

...lamb dish that was a special from the chef - cooked very well, with a fishy taste.  Anchovies are part of the meal (in the sauce though, no actual visual fish) and they really over powered the dish.  I liked it but heavy, so when added with the bone marrow and the pork belly I was over run with heavy dishes.

...Seared carrot cake - BEST CARROT CAKE EVER.  I don't typically like carrot cake.  I typically find it fine, good enough, nice with some cider and fall weather.  This though, was the best I've ever had.  The seared surface really make the texture fantastic.  It had a deep flavor and a nice light goat cheese frosting.  The serving size is large, share this with someone.

...little elvis desert - I wasn't a huge fan of this one, I think the most disappointing thing I tried.  IT was a nice concept, the bacon was too disappointing though, realy should have been a thicker cut but looked more like a piece of bacon on a fast food burger.
Holy crap this place is good!!

We randomly stopped by this place today and wow, was it a great choice! I had the appetizer pork shoulder tostada (YUM) and the shepards beanie pie (delicious). My companion had the scallops- scallops can either totally suck or be delicious...they were delicious, perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked. 

GO HERE NOW!!
Oh, yum! Every meal should be like this one.

We started with the wood oven roasted marrow and braised pork belly. Both were great, but I had a hard time not sucking on the bone, because I was just that good. For the main course, I chose the pork flatiron, which was good. But compared to the braised duck, it wasn't spectacular. Nonetheless a very good cut of meat.

The most conflicting part of our dinner was the dessert: sear carrot cake. The cake was moist and delicious. The goat cheese glaze had the perfect balance of sweet and tangy. The carrot chips were perfectly crispy. The peppered caramel sauce, sweet and peppery. But together...we weren't in love. But it took the three of us tasting and thinking, critiquing and tasting again to figure that out.

Overall, a great meal.
THESE GUYS CAN COOK!

Although they've been open just 3 months, this is already a wonderful restaurant. The food was terrific, the service very attentive, the staff well trained. 

The 3 of us started with drinks at the bar: great service, the drinks are reasonably priced (not cheap, but reasonably priced) and a great selection of beers. Then, after a short wait, off to a table for dinner. We planned to have appetizers and entrees but we never got past the "starters", they were so good and sooo filling.

Started with the "tots" (outrageously good, light, crunchy, great texture; like pillowy latkes, but better). Then the broccoli soup: very tasty, good texture and, of course, lots of pig on top. Then the charcuterie: meats were delicious and the pickles were even better, especially those amazing grapes. The highlight, though, was the pork belly. Had two orders, it was that good. 

Eagerly looking forward to the next visit to try even more of that wonderful menu. THEY SURE CAN COOK!
I had to seriously debate on whether I should drop my review down to a 2, but I am going to give P & P a little lead way for still being new.  Mainly because I really want them to succeed, since they are just around the corner from our house.  Here are the 3 main reasons they have lost my love.  

1. The removed my favorite dish and the only vegetarian starter on the menu 
2. Their website and twitter handle both say Happy Hour until 7PM, but they decided to change it to 6 and will not honor what they've advertised.
3. Their pickles are disgusting 

We still received great service, and my vegetarian Chile/Mash was pretty tasty, but I hate going to a restaurant where I don't have choices or the opportunity to experience a complete meal (Starter, Main Course, and dessert). The server mentioned that their menu keeps changing and it's hard for her to keep up, let alone the website... this is going to cause them major problems if they don't get their act together.  I was disspointed and live a mile away, imagine how upset someone will be who traveled a great distance based on the information they had listed on their website! Again, I hope they do well, but I won't be rushing back any time soon....
The only reason for 4 stars versus 5 is the atmosphere. It's not bad, just not anything fabulous.  However, now that we have that out of the way, let's discuss what's really important here.. the food. The food is AMAZING. We began our meal with the pork belly appetizer. WOW.  Pork belly cooked to perfection, resting on top of mashed parsnips with an beautiful apple butter, with sliced apple, almonds, and frise. UNREAL. Was sad when the plate was licked clean, and there was no more. Moved next to the entrees. I had the duck leg, on the yam and faro risotto with blueberries gastric, while my fiance had the pot roast sandwich with havarti, onions, and an add on of more pork belly, and the mac and cheese tator tots. Let's start with mine..the duck. Absolute perfection on every level. The duck did not die in vain, I'll tell you that. Each bite better than the next, until my plate was empty, and my stomach was full. The pot roast sandwich was so enormous, and delicious, my fiance struggled to finish it... and lost the battle.. I've never ever seen this before. EVER. Incredibly sophisticated, yet completely approachable dishes, for no where near what you'd expect to pay for quality like this. Our hats off to the chefs.  These men know their meats, and what to pair with that perfectly cooked meat, to make your dinner an incredible experience. BRAVO Pig & Pickle. We will be back. at $65 for an appetizer, two entrees, and quite a few drinks, this was money very well spent. Oh, and I'd be remiss not to mention, our waiter was absolutely terrific. He was very knowledgeable about the menu, and super helpful helping us choose between the many options that had us stuck on which way to go. 

Don't hesitate. Go. Enjoy. Eat the Pig....and a Pickle.
My finacee and I went here one night to celebrate a promotion. We didn't even make it off the starter menu (we had 5 items from it) and we were blown away! Every item is crafted with care. 

In addition to the excellent food, we had very nice drinks. The bartenders and staff were very warm and truly seem to care about their establishment.

We are planning on hosting our rehearsal dinner for our wedding here now as well.
Thought this place quite pretentious and overpriced. Went in on a whim, not having heard anything about it. Difficult to interpret the menu, guess we weren't sophisticated enough.  The wait staff seemed insulted when ask to discribe the offerings. Had the tapas which were average, broccoli cheese soup which was more like potato soup and mussles and clams with chorizo in creme fraiche. The portion was large but odd juxtaposition of flavors was only initially interesting and half the serving was left on the table. Add one draft and one bottle of beer and the tab was over $60. We won't be back and won't recommend
Met a group here for dinner, expecting to try the vegan burger but opting instead for the vegetarian chili. The "vegetarian chili" arrived in an enormous bowl (think mini crockpot) and consisted of a thick layer of cheddar cheese, mixture of mashed potatoes, scallions, and more cheese, with a light layer of pinto beans on the bottom. This combination was every bit as delicious as it sounds, but I was floored that anyone would attempt to pass this dish off as "chili." Whatever the name of the dish, I was delighted with the 1/4 of it that I was able to finish! 

We also ordered the Tots as an appetizer and they were absolutely delicious. Everyone in the group enjoyed their meals; there were nothing but positive remarks all around. As the name of the restaurant implies, this is the place to go if you're in the mood for comfort food. I think everyone we were there with would agree that this place counts as an indulgence. 

Definitely go.
Love this place! Close to home but my real selling point is the dog friendly patio and homemade dog biscuits they bring out for the pups. Food is great, as is the service every time.
5 Stars....food, staff, vibe, location...such a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Phenomenal.
I really like this place.  They have new, interesting concept dishes and everything Ive tried has been really, really good.  The bartenders (who I think may be owners too) were super personable, and when they asked my friend and I to come back for dessert after the event we were going to, we did.  
I hope this place does insanely well and stays open a long time.
Okay. I have an obsession. But really. I have not been more excited about a new business as much as I have with this one. 

First off I hate pickles so at first I was hesitant that when I went in everything would be made with pickles. This is not the case at all. 

They have wine on tap. (Ummm yes please)
Tots of the day. (Yes that's right they have a different "huge" tot every single day! Only 1$)
Give a beer board (you can buy a beer for a friend write their name on a board and when they come in its already paid for so they can enjoy) 
Amazing staff (I have yet to have bad service)
Phenomenal menu (thanks to amazing head chef) 
great Bar!!! Clayton is an amazing owner and has an amazing sense of humor my boyfriend an him are always cracking jokes to each other!


Try "the Nancy" but add pork belly or bacon! 
I'm also a huge fan of their "cookie-ish desert! My goal is to try everything on the menu but if hard because there constantly changing the menu adding new items and mixing it up! Another highlight is their late night menu! Try the Udon Noodles soooo good!! 

The braised duck leg is also a must try! 

The only thing that I've had that I wouldn't be jumping at having again was the pork tostadas (not horrible just not my cup of tea)

I'm so happy that this spot is here!! By far my go to and new favorite place in town. Get there NOW!!! And may your first question be "what's your tot of the day?"
Finally got to try P&P last night. I came in right as they were switching over to their late night menu, but I had no problem finding some options that sounded good. 

I ended up ordering the pork shoulder tostadas, per the recommendation of you fellow Yelpers, and was not disappointed. They were SO good. I'm not sure if I had eaten kimchi prior to these tostadas but I liked everything that was happening in my mouth. 

Their menu clearly states no substitutions, so I was very pleased when the bartender accommodated me when I sort of created my own martini. I'm so high maintenance, I know. 

I like that P&P offers industry discounts and good late night eats. I will definitely be back.
I came here with my wife at around 4:30 for an early dinner and to catch happy hour.

We're in town visiting and I found this place on yelp and it tipped my curiosity.  I'm a big fan of charcuterie and this looked like a great spot.   

We arrived and being it was pretty early the dining room was pretty empty at this point but we expected this.

The place has a cool feel to it.  Bar to the left with bar seating and a few high top tables and a larger dining room to the right  where you can see into the kitchen.

They have a pretty killer happy hour menu.  We got the dump truck salad and the char plate for 5 bucks a piece which is probably the best deal in town.  Not only was it a great deal the food tasted amazing.

That would normally be enough to eat but since we were here to eat we ate.

My Wife ordered the scallop dish and I ordered the braised pork belly with apple butter and the roasted bone marrow.

Everything was absolutely amazing.  The service was spot on and delightful making our experience here fantastic.

Thanks Pig & Pickle!
Food is amazing, very foodie.  One of the few places in town that has great food late.
Nice casual restaurant serving fine dining.  The hostess was really nice helping us find the rest of our party who were partially hidden.  The waiter came promptly as everyone in our party arrived one by one.

For appetizers we had the following:

1) Pork tostada - I like the description, but the pork was cooked to the point where it
     was too mushy for our group.  I wanted the pork to have more texture.  It would
     also been nice to put some serrated lines on the tostada before frying it so it
     breaks along the lines instead of a million pieces.

2) Smoked salmon - all I can say is the women in the group wanted to lick the
    plate.  Our favorite dish.

3) Pork belly - tender and juicy as it melts in your mouth. .  Great with the
    accompanying vegetables..

Everyone in our group has the pork flatiron.  They didn't ask how we wanted it prepared.  It came out medium-rare which is how I like my meats, but not everyone in my group likes it that way.  The rare section of the pork was extremely chewy to the point where I had problems trying to eat the piece.  The outer section of the
pork was not chewy and melted in my mouth.   It was a large portion so everyone
just started eating the outer portion which was delicious along with the accompanying vegetables.  

Service was excellent except I had to ask to get my ice tea refilled.  The waiter
was extremely patient with my friends who tends to ask question after question.

The wide assortment of beer was really nice.  Also they had some interesting mixed drinks like the "Miss Piggy" which had li hing mui to give it a sweet, sour and salty taste.

I'm hoping for great things for this restaurant.  Great menu, but I believe execution still needs work.  I hope they have special event dinners like Citizen Public House.
I would have given it four stars, but the price reflects a higher quality restaurant so
I'm less tolerant of problems.
Well, as most who follow me know I don't often pull punches.  I will flat out say if a place is good for feeding your face or if it's a place that you aught to NOT show your face at.  

The Pig and Pickle has a casual atmosphere with a splash of the artistic.  The staff was awesome!  They were attentive, friendly and outgoing.  The pork shoulder tostadas were wonderful with a uniquely delicious flavor.  The tot of the day was spectacular as well.  

If you want to try something new that is likely going to taste great?  Check out the Pub on the northwest corner of Hayden and Thomas.

5 Stars!
I have never left a review on yelp until now because I have never eaten at a place that blew my mind the way Pig & Pickle has. I have lived in Phoenix since 2004 and this place is hands down the best place in Arizona I have ever eaten. My husband and I were here for the late night menu after seeing a show at Pub Rock. Pickled things was delicious. We also had the buffalo pork shanks, awesome! We shared the burger and it has to be one of the best burgers I have ever tasted. Their chocolate chip cookie nutella ice cream thing was fabulous. I plan on coming back plenty of times.
The hubby and I stopped in to Pig and Pickle for a late night supper last week and I have to say I really like the place. The atmosphere was very casual and relaxed but it seemed like at the same time there was an attention to detail and the staff really cared about the food and took pride in their restaurant. Our waitress was very sweet. I ordered the beet salad but I wanted it without the bleu cheese crema and so she talked to the chef and had them make a different dressing for it so that it wouldn't be too boring and still have plenty of flavor. It ended up being a really delicious salad and the beets were fantastic! The hubby ordered a burger which he was equally pleased with. It looks like they have a good beer and wine selection at very reasonable prices so I am sure we will be back.
Everything pickled and everything pork!  Try the charcuterie!  The bread is flavorful and fresh, and trying everything else on the plate is a veritable adventure.  The croque Monsieur is among the most delicious things I've ever tasted, and the worst part of dessert is narrowing your choices down to one!  The cookie was amazing, and next time I'll be trying the chocolate cake.  Seriously, any restaurant that offers pork belly as a side is a foodie dream.  Beer selection was small, but interesting and good.
A friend of mine already knew about this place but forgot about it until he found it on Yelp. 3 of us made it near the end of their happy hour and I was in the mood to try something new. Personally, I'm a fan of wheat beers and decided to try the Konig Ludwig Weiss, I absolutely loved this beer and will return just for the beer as I don't know anywhere else in the area that carries it.

I ordered the pork tostadas as an appetizer. I wish the server told me how large the portions were because they were huge and I wasn't hungry from the dinner I had ordered. This appetizer was great and on the Happy Hour Menu.
For dinner I got duck over some berries and mustard seeds. Normally I'm not a fan of mustard but I really enjoyed this aspect of the meal. The duck was eh-ok. The portion size of the duck wasn't that much considering it costs about $15 and it was a bit too well done for my liking.

The service was ok. Everyone was really nice but I felt as if the waitress was a bit new so I gave her some leeway. Overall, I enjoyed the place. If you don't come during happy hour your bill with 1 drink will probably be about $25 plus per person. I'll be back for the beer and appetizers.
Hands down one of the best places to get food!!!  Their head chef is just amazing.  The only reason it did not get 5 stars is for the wait staff.  They kind of suck.  Only reason that they get 4 stars is because of their amazing food.  Food 5 stars , wait staff 3 stars!
Love this place! Great food, very large beer selection and a nice atmosphere. The wait staff is always super friendly, attentive and know their menus. Pricea re very fair too for the quality of food you get, I highly recommend this place!
I like the concept a lot.  However, the food is just not right, or "balanced" as they say they're striving for.

My friend got a burger.  It was plain, no seasoning on the meat.  The best part was the pickle which ironically was closer to a type of kimchi than the kimchi that was supposed to be on my dish but back to that later.  The "tots" that we paid an extra dollar for was nasty.  Weird potato based hushpuppy.  It wasn't very good, wish we just stuck with fries.  

I got the pork shoulder tostadas.  It could be pretty good, but the pork was just salty.  Not a lot of other flavor, just salty.  The kimchi was an attempt at the cheap chinese restaurant variation using regular cabbage but the seasoning was all wrong.  Just because you put some shredded cabbage with salt and red pepper, it doesn't make it kimchi.  There's a LOT of other ingredients!

The dessert was definitely the best part of the dinner.  Seared carrot cake.  The best thing I've had in a while actually.  

So all in all, I'll go for dessert.  And maybe beers.  Also, they take a long time to get food out so don't go if you're on a time crunch.  Fortunately I wasn't, but I can see how this can be an unexpected problem..
what? a veggie burger with a $0 bacon option? how funny. we didn't consider this place at all for a dining option considering the name had "Pig" in it. but after a few yelp reviews, we wanted to try their homemade veggie burger. 

it's in a rather unassuming corner of a strip mall, so again, i was expecting another BBQ joint. i was very wrong. the interior is modern, sleek, and homey at all once. we opted to sit outside, which has a dog friendly patio. they have more than a few vegetarian meal options. i had the vegetarian shepards pie. it was gigantic and piping hot. filled with mashed potatoes, carrots, huge amounts of kale, peas, beans...i could only muster half and took the other home for leftovers. it was extremely savory and i would definitely order it again. 

their beer selection is impressive, but even more so is the means to obtain their ingredients. our server said everything...except the mussels...are bought right here in the valley and all parts of their food menu are made in house, including their bread. i was very impressed. 

i hope this place stays around and becomes a staple of our 2 mile dining radius!
The food I had was delicious!  

The bar is very small and really crowded (other patrons leaning over your food to try and order a drink).

No more than 3 stars though.  When I first realized the hours of operation, I thought it was a joke.  This place doesn't open until 4pm everyday?!?  For a wannabe gastropub?!?  In Old Town?!?  

Hello???  Old Town is a day drinking society!  No one here waits until 4pm for a cocktail.  How can Old Town patrons come drink if you're not even open???  

Also, not enough TVs.
I don't generally review places I been to only once, but I feel it's important that future first-time patrons know that this place is probably not what you'd expect. Don't go here expecting to get a bbq pork sandwich and a beer for less than $20. Go somewhere else!

That said, after staring at the menu somewhat undecidedly for quite a while, I landed on a sliced roast beef sandwich (the closest I could get to what I really wanted), the dump truck salad and their tot of the day, and thoroughly enjoyed my meal. The food, while somewhat intimidating, is really genuinely good here. Our server was back to check on us pretty frequently and was even nice enough to shut off the misters when we thought it was too nice outside to have them on. Their patio is dog friendly, which I love, and I also enjoyed that it was off the beaten path of Old Town. It's nearby, but definitely sets itself apart from the rest of the restaurants in the area. Definitely a place to try, especially if you're one with an advance palate!
I liked the risks they took with the menu.  The chef did a really nice riff on the Hawaiian dish poke.  The salad was very good.  Nice mix of different greens and well dressed.  Just enough dressing to coat the leaves.  My favorite dish of the night was bone marrow.  The serving was huge and just absolutely yummy.  The last dish was the pan sauteed white fish over couscous.  Pretty delicious.
Straight up, we did not eat a meal here, we ate dessert only and had drinks.  

Being only a stone throw from my sister's house and open until late, it was a perfect spot when we decided to do a late dessert before I left early the next morning back home.  At 10:30 pm, the run a "late night menu" which had limited yet with variety selection of entrees and desserts.  It also had some recommended drinks. 

Being a non-drinker, I have to go by the drinkers' opinions which were that the drinks were good. Upon investigation of the drink menu, an obscure ingredient made these two Hawaii girls go, hmmm. Li hing mui. Upon further investigation we found out that the bartender was originally from Hawaii.  Cool point. 

Dessert... ah, even on this late menu, was unique and interesting.  At this late hour, one would be forgiving if a place just offered a slice of pie with ice cream on the side. Not here.  The were individually prepared and it took time to get it.  

I'll say this much, when an employee/our server knows all the owners and their history, points them all out at 10:30 on a weeknight, and gushes about their hard work, ability to collaborate and be original; you as business owners, are doing something right.   

Overall it seems that this place is ambitious and willing to take the risk, exert the extra energy and push the bill to get people to see that they are not a joke when it comes to creating an original experience.  I can safely say this, on this Tuesday night, by the time we left at about midnight, the place was even more crowded then when we came.    I am definitely coming back again to try their regular menu.
This place quickly became my fav neighborhood restaurant and bar. They have a great selection of craft beers!

The food is unique and very tasty.  The burgers are big and the fries are seasoned  nicely.

The service is very fast and friendly.  The decor I love: very industrial with cool local art and wood accent walls. 

If you want a cool restaurant and bar you gotta check out the pig!
Restaurant #3 for restaurant week and I have to say the third time IS a charm!!! This fabulous little place that advertises 'comfort food' in a nondescript strip mall is hands down amazing! 
Not exactly knowing what to expect (was this just another BBQ joint?) we were wonderfully surprised! 
We arrived at 7:30 on a Thursday night (reservations made) and the hostess welcomed us and gave us a choice of 2 tables....the only ones available as the place was packed! (Good start!) Our server, Christina, was charming, knowledgeable and attentive. She even suggested my 'gin and tonic' husband try the Hendricks with cucumber instead of lime. He did and he loved it! I ordered a glass of Chardonnay (not the best, but this is a place where beers rule and I should have gone with that!) 

I ordered the gnocchi which was toasted on the outside and creamy good inside! It came in a goat cheese sauce with mushrooms. My spouse had the pork tostadas...a meal in itself. He said they were very good. 
Then came soup or salad...I had the broccoli cheddar with brown ale soup...wow, so fabulous with just the right amount of seasoned bacon and scallion for zest. Hubby had the grilled romaine salad with capers and he said it was the BEST salad he has had in ages! He could have just had 3 servings of that! 
BUT...of course....we had a main course, and we both had the pork porchetta with kraut and mustard and cream potatoes. The pork was absolutely melt in your mouth and the tangy kraut and potatoes were just the right accompaniment. 
The portions are extremely generous....I took home half of my entree. We had a lovely and delicious leisurely dinner...not leaving until after 9:15, and the entire time, there was not an empty table in the place. This is NOT a romantic hot spot...it is loud and active, but the food is wonderful and the staff is great. 
Both our server and the hostess thanked us for coming out for restaurant week and trying P&P. No worries...we will be back!
We were in search of late night eats after flying into PHX at 9:30 since most non fast food places close around 10.  The name immediately caught my eye as pork and pickles are things I love to eat.  We arrived  around 11 pm.  There were a few patrons dining inside and at the bar as well as outside on the patio.  The late night menu was a good size as were looking for a light meal.  We ordered the tot of the day.  It's more of a potato croquette, but for $1, it's absolutely worth getting 1 per person.  The aioli had a nice spice and flavor to it.  We ordered the pickled things and our faves were the grapes and beets.  We dipped the pickled egg in the aioli.  I think that combo would make an awesome pickled deviled egg or pickled egg salad sandwich.  The liver and caramelized onion smear on toast was tasty, especially if you are a pâté fan.  The smear had an interesting smoky taste.  At $4, it's a steal. My bf had the burger and fries.  He said the burger was good but nothing special.  I ordered the shrimp and grits.  The portion size was large.  It wasn't what I expected.  It was more like a shrimp, sausage, and tomato stew on top of grits.  It was too spicy for my taste, but the cheesy grits had me going back for more as I wanted every last bit of grits.  I would have been happy with mostly grits and a few sautéed shrimp.  Overall, the meal was excellent.  With tax and tip, the 2 of us were well fed for $40.
Whoa! Gave this place 3 stars last time due to hiccups in service (it was their first week or so in business). But after a visit for dinner today with my family I had to update it to 5 stars. The service was absolutely above and beyond. Our server was quick and helpful. The entire staff was so kind to my baby nephew who had a few crying bouts. The staff came out with a bowl of ice cream to help calm him down and even gave him a piece of bacon on the way out.

And of course, once again the food was incredible. Every single person in our party ordered something unique off the menu and loved it.
Here ye here ye, this was my very first Arizona Restaurant Week experience, you can see my restaurant flower has been 'taken', or whatever other virgin-analogy you want to come up with. I was convinced I was going to miss the whole thing  (due to some excessive partying in Vegas) but upon arriving on Memorial Day, I was pleasantly surprised to hear that it ended that day, and quickly called to make a reservation.

Upon arriving at P&P I finally got why the lady on the phone was so chill about me picking a time and moving it later: the place was completely empty. I mean, it was us and the cooks, not a soul in the room. Since the Yelp reviews about this place were so fantastic, I decided to stick to my guns and ask for the Restaurant Week Menu and a bottle of Pinot Noir from Oregon which was pretty tasty. Here is what I ate:


BONE MARROW - 5 stars
I've never had bone marrow so maybe I'm biased by raving about it so much. The texture was strange but super flavorful and I loved the options to pair it with picked onions, stewed cranberries or a sweet relish. Load all the flavors on toast and you got yourself a really interesting, tasty, full-bodied and complex appetizer. A great great start to a 3 course meal.

GNOCCI SALAD - 5 Star
I couldn't really identify all the individual components in this dish but they all meshed into one fantastic plate of food. The mushrooms were well cooked, the sauce at the bottom was creamy, sweet and salty, the gnocci and onions were tender and packed with flavor and the leafy greens at the top off-set the flavor in the sauce for a full balanced thing. It could've worked as a salad  dish (instead of an appetizer) or even as a small main entree. Not super easy to share but why would you? Its too good to give up.

CESAR SALAD- 1 stars
The salad category of this 3 course menu was definitely lacking. I wish I would've tried the soup instead. The Cesar Salad was covered with crumbs instead of croutons, the lettuce was soggy and drowning in the dressing AND the dressing itself (the only thing that requires work in this salad) was like a blast of anchovies. Too many anchovies. That's all I could taste, it felt like apple-bobbing in an ocean. Yuk. We tried a bite each and set it aside. It is now rotting in a box in my fridge.

DUMPTRUCK SALAD- 2 stars
Really lame and inventive, the salad was essentially lettuce and slaw with carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes and 1 small piece of (what I think of) was beet hidden in the corner. The salad seemed wet enough to hit the presence of a dressing, but it had no flavor whatsoever. I took it home (didn't want to fill up on something not tasty) and struggled to eat it later. Womp Womp Womp

ROASTED DUCK- 5 stars
One of the best duck dishes I have ever had, not that I eat duck very often. It was strange how I couldn't pick out a single item/ingredient on the plate (except the duck, I think I noticed that one) but they all worked together in a weird yet tasty combo. It seems the roasted duck was sitting on a bed of YAM (yes Yam) risotto-ish with a blueberry compote. It was sweet and salty and had lots of other flavors I couldn't describe. The duck was incredibly tender and fell off the bone. Despite being incredibly full, I licked (not literally, I have some table manners) clean, it was amazing.

PORK PORCHETTE- 3 stars
The pork itself was 50% fat but the nonfat parks were tender and nicely cooked. The pork itself didn't have any seasoning or added flavor, so it was kinda mediocre. The medallion was sitting in a ginormous mount of (what I then discovered to be) potato salad. It was mostly potatoes, green onions and some coleslaw (I think). The whole thing was wrapped up in a sauce composed of horse radish and spicy mayo, two things I really really dislike. Unfortunately the menu wasn't super descriptive on this so I found myself eating the pork and not being able to take more than one bite of this nasty potato salad. That also went to waste. Boo.

Besides the food, our server was really awesome. Granted she had no other tables to serve, but she was still super nice to us and really easy to chat with. The place itself has upper-level food but the ambiance is very low-key, casual and cool to hang out in. If I were to come back, I'd be more careful with my menu picks, as it seems that a lot of its food (especially salads!) are hit or miss (or just miss). I'm glad I got to try it and would return only for the duck and maybe the gnocci salad.. everything else needs a revamp.
I've been here a handful of times since they opened and am more than satisfied with service and food every time! Their beers on tap rotate and their bartenders are happy to recommend one to compliment your meal.  The menu has some of my staple favorites, but also rotates with specials.  The burger is juicy on a toasted bread made in house. The vegan burger is just as hearty as the meat version, and since I'm not vegan I did add the bacon for "$0".  The croque madame is one of the best I've had due to fine selection of ham and gruyere cheese melted perfectly. For meat lovers, the braised pork leg fell off the bone, a rather large bone. Last, if you love seafood, please, please try the mussels with Spanish style chorizo.  I can't gush more without drooling.  Keep up the good work guys!
Solid 4.5 stars had the burger and really did enjoy it.  Happy hour is a great deal  on food but drinks are still pretty expensive.
Bone marrow was interesting, not sure I would order it again as it tasted like eating a large chuck of fat.  The staff was very nice.
Awesomesauce as they say.  Flavor adventures on a whole new level.  Creative recipes with old style tricks.  Add a great staff and awesome drinks to the mix.   

 If you enjoy food, this is a must go for at least one time.  Chances are you'll be back for more.
My parents took me out for my birthday and chose Pig & Pickle. We started off with some drinks, my dad had Moose Drool, my mom and husband Pale Ale, and I went for the tropical itch. My drink was similar to a Mai Tai, a little bit fruitier, with a generous amount of rum. Very good for a hot night.

We ate the following:
Charcuterie plate - a large mix of meats, lots of salami, and pickled goods, it event included pickled grapes, very interesting!
Beer Cheese Soup - so rich and flavorful, the cheddar really popped and the chunks of crispy bacon really added to the dish, I think this is the best cheddar ale soup I've ever had
Bone Marrow - I had never eaten this before, it was fantastic here, we spread it on pretzel bread with bacon jam
Lobster roll - nice serving of lobster, with homemade chips on the side
Mussels - this came with a wonderful wine sauce and chorizo
Duck - fell right off the bone, served over a perfectly cooked risotto
Seared Carrot Cake - worth coming here just for this, the most creative carrot cake I've ever had. It was a seared block of cake, topped with goat cheese frosting, candied fried carrots, and pistachios and raisins. A must try!

Our server was fantastic, she had a great personality and was really on point with recommendations. I will definitely return!
Peg and I returned for the debut of the brunch...and it was all that we hoped it would be!  Pork belly and pork Benedict...absolutely superb. The tots that accompanied the prok belly were wonderfully crunch and delicious. The "porkadaise" on the perfectly cooked eggs was a treat. Cat took wonderful care of us, and of course the usual suspects of Chris, and Chefs Josh and Keenan were adept. The place was extremely busy..something that we were  glad to see. A bonus was that Rebecca Moreno (stellar server at Beckett's Table) was there and we caught up....like from less than a week ago when we were at Beckett's. Happy to see the P & P step up and deliver a great we-shall-be-back brunch!
I met a friend here for dinner and was REALLY impressed.  For a bar the staff is friendly & knowledgeable.  The food is much more gourmet than I'd expected, but isn't pretentious.  Great mix of flavors and concepts.  Had the pork shoulder tostadas, the smoked salmon on scallion tot, along with a great vanilla porter from Tucson brewery (recommended by the bartender when I asked what he had that was local brewed.)  Would go back often if I lived in Phoenix.  For the money, I don't think you can find BETTER quality, and the quantity wasn't skimpy either.
Let me preface this by saying I'm NEVER the type to complain or even take the time to log into Yelp to share my opinion unless it's an awesome review but this deserves to be known. My good friend decided he wanted to try Pig & Pickle as he had been referred to the restaurant by a fellow KCCO-er. He knew that taking me there may be a stretch as I am a self proclaimed "5 year old eater" but what the heck he thought. When we sat down we weren't greeted right away by our waiter but no biggie. When he did come over he asked if we had ever been there and when we said no he did a good job at explaining the culture of the restaurant and the food (cool!) Once he went to actually take our order things went down hill. I ordered first and I half jokingly asked if they had a kids menu because for me the menu was a little out there (sorry for the foodies out there (including my friend) I'm sure I'm an embarrassment ;)) I mean c'mon he didn't even crack a smile at that he just looked at me like I was an idiot and said no. I then proceeded to order the burger and when I asked for pickles (it is in the name after all) he said "It will come with a pickle on the side but not on the burger" I then ordered the fries as the side and he very condescendingly said "already knew that!" My friend proceeded to order all the wonderful things he saw on the menu and the waiter was much more responsive and welcoming to him. Once we received our appetizer, the waiter came back and proceeded to talk to my friend about the secret menu and even showed him a picture on his phone of a specialty burger so obviously this waiter takes his food seriously. Which by the way I respect totally but throughout the rest of the meal the waiter completely ignored me and only acknowledged my friend. It really made me feel like he was punishing me because I ordered the burger (which so did my friend!) but I'm just not the adventurous eater...sue me! Even my friend noticed and said I feel like I'm eating by myself because he is blantantly ignoring you. I felt so uncomfortable the entire time I was there which was disappointing because my friend was enjoying his meal but not the service. So word to the wise...if you don't like to be too adventurous with your meal choices I would not recommend this place but if you are...you'd really enjoy it since the owners are actually the cooks (pretty cool!) So there's my two cents...if you get the server by the name of Sean (which I only found out because it was on the bill the I paid) beware...he may hurt your view of this potentially awesome restaurant. I will end on a good note to say the rest of the staff was much more friendly but there's definitely a bad apple.
Great service, great food, friendly staff.  Definitely check this place out.
I had pork porchetta.  Delicious (mustard potatoes, house kraut (like a slaw with lots of vinegar - not exactly sauerkraut) pork belly, sausage and ham.  At $24, it was maybe (maybe) a bit overpriced, but it was pretty stellar.  My wife had a burger, which she said was great, and our friend had the Croque Madame which looked ridiculous.  

However, it seemed that there was only one or two waitresses for the entire place, so service was really slow at times.  It was about 15 minutes between being seated and ordering food.
The tastes are unique and refined, the atmosphere is loose, and I'm listening to Common through the speakers, what more do you want???
I had decided that I was not giving in to the "Pig-themed" restaurants.  I mean "Pig", "Pork" and "Swine" restaurants are popping up everywhere!  But I noticed that, no matter how hard I tried to ignore P&P, it would pop-up on all of the foodie sites that I check around Phoenix.  So, for several months, I scoped this place out... checked out this restaurant online and with daily drive-bys in my daily commute.  I finally decided 2 months ago that I needed to check out P&P.  I was sold, food-whipped on my first visit and I've been every week since.  They source all their veggies locally.  They make as much as they can in house from the meats on the chacuterie tray to the pickled veggie/items that appear on every dish.  They even bake their own bread!  I fell in love y'all, with a Pig & Pickle.

This restaurant is in a nondescript strip of shops.  I could not tell you what stores exist adjacent to P&P.  It is off the well "beaten Scottsdale Rd" path, and yet, the food is exciting, relevant and has a depth of flavors that is unbelievable.  I'm a fan of P&P and once you give it a try, I think you will be too.

I have tried a few things on the menu, let me start with the crafted cocktails - pricey, but still yummy and worth every penny.  They carry premium spirits and they make just about everything that goes in those crafted drinks from scratch.  If you don't want to spend $12 per cocktail, they have a wonderful HH menu with $5 cocktails from 4-6pm. Satly Dog: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale?select=aG_8tn9ZxqvTDDwRB-tfhA#wshXHwfqyLloLxHV7g86eQ 


The star of P&P is the food.  I have tried several things on the menu and I'm happy to say that not one thing was even remotely disappointing.  Everything that I've been served there was 4 Stars and above.  My favorite item thus far was on the new brunch menu.  P&P started serving brunch this past Sunday.  After church, I stopped in and ordered the Bloody Sconnie and the Bacon, Andouille Sausage and Aisago Cheese Fratta.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=f-ez6J4BhI4U2Gk_Brvr7Q&userid=DHQWSHz6b7Jsy-A04m1cIA  An extremely delicious dish that is really more like a crustless quiche.  This dish has a serious (and I mean SERIOUS) kick to it.  It is not for the people who can't handle spicy food.  This dish was excitingly delicious.  

My 2nd favorite was the braised pork belly http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=od8GMSNVUu4fAT3H1IoqcA&userid=DHQWSHz6b7Jsy-A04m1cIA   The braised pork belly sat atop a delicious mound of mashed turnip bottoms.  The pork belly provided the right amount of saltiness that was balanced just right by the sweetness of the apple butter.  The arugula top the creation was just the right amount of earthiness to pair with the turnip bottoms.  I love all the flavors.  But as I told my mom, it was almost like eating a southern meal that contained ALL these ingredients, but prepared somewhat differently!    

During Happy Hour, they offer a chacuterie plate http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=n62C4gnnQkajkiORQ-tpaw&userid=DHQWSHz6b7Jsy-A04m1cIA that is HUGE for the $5 that they charge!  In this pic, the chacuterie included bacon butter to spread on my homemade pretezel bread.  YUMMY... YUM is all I can say!  

To top it off, they have the nicest guys working behind the bar.  I mean... honestly, part of what makes my day when I go into a place like this are cute guys who can mix a drink and order up some food for me to eat.  Clayton and Scott are awesomely attentive and I just love sitting at their bar!  

My to try list (because I trust everything on their menu):
Shrimp and Grits
Braised Duck Leg
Croque Madame
Salmon Tot - 6/30/2013 - 4star. 
Pork Shoulder Tostadas

Each 3rd Monday of the Month, join them for Beer Dinner 6:30pm.  I'm hopeful they will have other events in the future.  I think their crafted cocktails would be a great thing to center an event around.

Oh gosh, they have free wi-fi too!

This is a gem in Scottsdale/Old Town.  Eat, Pig out and Enjoy!
Fantastic first visit with a group of colleagues earlier this week. The charcuterie and pickling were both excellent, the duck leg spectacular, the pot roast sandwich wonderful, and the beer selection unique and delicious. While I would've loved more details about what all the fantastic meats on the charcuterie plate were, you certainly couldn't complain about flavor. Service was a bit slow, but I got the impression our server was new--and she sure tried. Excellent overall; the food came closer to blowing me away than any restaurant we've visited in a long, long time. Hearty, comforting, interesting fare in a relaxing, reasonably quiet setting.
Pig & Pickle is extremely, extremely good. They have a fun obsession with sneaking pig into as many items as they can that fortunately doesn't carry over to the pickle side of things, which I'm thankful for.

I had their lovely pork belly appetizer and their amazing burger. Amazing because it was charred on the outside, in such a way that when it was first delivered, I was worried they had screwed the pooch on "medium rare". Except that as I cut into it, it broke into an example of the most radiant, beefy splendor, perfectly cooked, with no ketchup necessary. A perfect tomato, the right amount of lettuce, and some delicious cheese. This, my friends (and to paraphrase a scene in How I Met Your Mother) is a BURGER.

Their desserts were great as well, and everyone really loved their slightly different take on things and quirky menu options. We'll definitely be back.
Just driving by this place makes my mouth water! I don't know if the air around Pig & Pickle actually smells like bacon or if it's just my imagination getting the best of me.

Service was friendly and prompt. I had the porchetta which was absolutely amazing. Each bite had a slightly different taste and texture. The inner portion was a little bit spicy and the outer portion was like bacon--but better (how is that possible?). I also had the pork tacos with kimchi and they were great! Tender, shredded pork with kimchi on top. The kimchi wasn't at all overwhelming.

And for dessert--the nutella ice cream. This is a game changer for me! I don't usually order dessert because I always overdo it during dinner, but thankfully my date insisted. It was delicious and I found myself continuing to dream about that ice cream and figure out when I can have it again. I can't wait to go back to Pig & Pickle--my new goal might be to try everything on their menu!
Wow what a find for metro phoenix.  Great food, decent atmosphere, tremendous service. If you can get there before 6pm they have happy hour daily which almost cuts your check in half.  Coming back early and often.  The soups are over the top amazing and the bone marrow dish is a must try.
AMAZING!! The drinks there are truly hand crafted and the food is delicious!  Don't miss out on the taters tots.  @ only1$ a piece and ala carte, I suggest getting a plate of a least 10, you won't be disappointed.  
Nice and clean atmosphere and sometimes chill live music.  Wish I lived closer, I'd be here every night.
My friend was raving about their menu so after a late night out on the town, we got there at 1:05am and unfortunately the kitchen closed at 1am.  We didn't make a big fuss cause well, it was 1am in the morning, we were not going to make anyone cook for us so late/early in the day!
So my friend and I both had a cocktail each~ he had the manhattan martini and I had some drink for which I cannot remember but they were both well presented and delicious~ full of subtle flavor!
The name Pig & Pickle is so deceiving since if I heard the name without coming to the joint, I would expect a hole in the wall BBQ place.  But I see from the many reviews this place has already received, the word is out that this place is a foodie heaven and a cool place to hang out.
I will be back again, this time before the 1am gong hour so that I can try out their menu along with more of their delicious, libacious cocktails!
what a huge pile of disappointment this place is. how this restaurant has four stars is a serious mystery to me. 

my fiance and i came here for dinner one night when we were both absolutely starving.  we would have thought almost anything was delicious at that point, and we were still totally let down. in order to accommodate our crazy hunger, we ordered a ton of food. we started with the house made charcuterie plate and couldn't find anything on it that we enjoyed.  i love pickled foods, but there was something about the flavor that really turned me off.  

next up was the creamy broccoli and brown ale soup.  this tasted like something you'd get at applebees or chili's and looked like it too.  it was so boring and generic-i figured the ale would give it an interesting flavor, but it just tasted like a bland bowl of whatever. 

i know we ordered at least three other things, but they were so whatever that i literally can't even remember what they were.  i was also disappointed to later find out they have a tot of the day (loooove tater tots), but our server never mentioned them. 

i can't see a reason to return to this restaurants unless it's for a cocktail only and i'm in the area.
We are fans, regulars, and mildly obsessed with this place...We have tried almost everything on the menu, with fabulous additions and specials from time to time. The food is impeccable. High quality, fresh, and inventive and the prices are good. The location is great, the atmosphere is casual, staff is friendly and attentive. Late night dining is the best in town with a slightly abridged menu. Drinks are hand crafted, great beer and wines. From dining in to take out, we have never been dissapointed! AMAZING!
Wonderful food, atmosphere and pricing.
Very much enjoyed the Charcuterie Plate and the house made pickles. Pork Tostadas were delish.  Props to the bar: These folks = extraordinary cocktail crafters.  Thanks for serving Hendricks with the appropriate garnish!  :-))
Tried this place for the first time. First let me say the service was spectacular. Our waiter was prompt to greet us and get our drinks as well as food order. He gave great descriptions of the menu items and was very attentive. The food was good and to my surprise somewhat gourmet, considering the name of the place. Don't  be afraid all the food may be or contain pork; they have other options such as chicken, salmon or vegan plates. A place worth trying!
Pig and Pickle's website says it best!

 "...don't call us one dimensional....the idea behind the brand is all about balance. sweet needs sour...chocolate needs salt...we support local when possible, small farmers, happy animals, real sugar, real fat... we hand craft our cocktails, bake our bread daily, make our own aioli and grow our own herbs...."

This is just the kind of place you want to venture to for great cocktails, great bites, or an indulgent dinner.

Happy hour here is a fantastic way to familiarize yourself with their toothsome menu.  Featured are $5 Pupus such as the incomparable  "Dump Truck Salad with mixed lettuces (spring greens such as arugula and spinach), radish sprouts, fresh mint, baby shaved veggies like radish, cauliflower, cucumber, carrots, cherry tomato, sesame seeds, shaved fennel, chia, flax seed, and all doused with a wonderful cucumber and shallot vinaigrette, dusted with sea salt and cracked pepper.  Incredible!  You can also enjoy the likes of Creamy Broccoli and Brown Ale Soup, or a selection of the Chef's housemade charcuterie, all for $5 during HH which is 4-6p Daily.

The menu does change seasonally, so there are items such as the Crispy Chicken Tacos with Sriracha Aioli and slaw that may not always be on the menu.  With a name like "Pig and Pickle, I was unsurprised to find the chicken tacos lackluster.  Chicken was breaded and consequently dry and flavorless.  It would have been a great taco if the meat was rotisserie or marinated.  The aioli was wonderful, just the right amount of kick balanced by the cool of the red cabbage.  

However!  The Pork liver and Caramelized Onion Smear, with pickled fennel and an apple raisin mustardo was exquisite.  It had a wonderfully smoky flavor, and the Hawaiian sea salt gave it so much more character.  Highly recommended for pate lovers.  Personally, I thought this plate was great without the pickled fennel or the mustardo - just the amazing sea salt.

The Wood Oven Roasted Bone Marrow came last, served with Crostini  and caramelized onions.  It tasted like a decadent and savory sweetbread butter, and it is no wonder why it is a staple here at P&P.

Drinks! With names like Salty Dog and the Stoney Baloney, you are in for a unique treat.  The Stoney had a unique melange of Hophead vodka, fresh lime, grapefruit juice, hop grapefruit bitters, an IPA float, and candied lemon rind.  The Salty dog their own version of the "Greyhound" with Hawaiian sea salts.

Although I did not venture into sampling the Dinner menu, I spied several tasty looking dishes such as Pork Porchetta and Mussels in White Wine.

With great service and equally great dishes, I am definitely coming back here for more!
I've only been here twice so far (I live next door) so this is based just on the two times I've been here. The first time was good, the second time was better. The first time we came we sat outside and we ordered the tostadas to start which I honestly wasn't a big fan of. I think tostadas are my least favorite Mexican dish so maybe that's why but I think that there are better looking apps on the menu that I'm looking forward to trying. We also tried a tot (can't remember what kind it was that night) but that was the bomb and they're only a $1 which is a deal and just a fun thing to try. Then we split the trip tip steak which I didn't like. It was way too salty which is seriously weird coming from me because I LOVE salt. However, the blue cheese fondue that was on it was reallllly good. I personally wouldn't order that steak again. Our waiter recommended we get a slice of key lime pie and claimed it was the best he had ever had (my boyfriend wasn't convinced) so we tried a slice. It seriously was the best we'd ever had. Sooooooo SO good. I would order that again anytime. I also tried the Salty Dog drink (grapefruit juice and vodka and sea salts) and I wasn't impressed. The salt like was too hard to come off of the glass so you didn't really get any of it when you took a sip. The second time we came I got the mussels with chorizo and those were really good and I'd definitely order them again. The service is really good here and the staff is friendly so that's a huge plus. I am looking forward to trying different things on the menu as well as trying the brunch!
I love this place for the unique foods and friendly wait staff and bar tenders. I keep going back to my Monsier Coque  (sp) since it is my late night over indulged food with chicken pot pie tatter tots. YUM.  I have tried a few other things like the steak salad and udong noodles are very tasty and really worth sharing. 
I love music which is only Friday nights. Unfortunately the room with concrete floors make a little hard to hear at the tables. Maybe just the guitar without the drums could be a suggestion   Otherwise this is must go!!
(Lyrics - Harry Chapin/Ugly Kid Joe - Cats In The Cradle)
I arrived to this place just the other day
I drove here in the usual way
But there were plates to serve and bills to pay
I came for happy hour and I ordered away
And the server was talkin' 'fore I knew it, and as he spoke
He'd say "I'm gonna go grab your drinks man"
You know I'm gonna go grab drinks

And the pig & pickle in South Scottsdale
Little Asian boy and the mood for some food
Comfort style from the home that's rad!
Restaurant Week, we'll get together then
You know we'll have a good time then

Pig & Pickle offers comfort style food right in South Scottsdale.  A little off from the main strip of Oldtown, but that's all good.  I remember this place when it was the Detour Tavern which obviously didn't work out.  The layout is still the same.  Granite bar table on the South end with the patios outside.  Open kitchen on the Northwest side overviewing the dining room.  The place has a modern homey feel with some art decors I'm guessing from local artist.  

I came here during Restaurant Week 2013.  I ordered the Bone Marrow, Ale Cheddar Bacon soup, and the Pork Porchetta, while my sister and her BF order Pork Shoulders, grilled Romaine Salad, and Braised Duck Leg.  Overall, it was a lot of food!  The Bone Marrow was yummy, gelatinous and goowy with pickled and caramelized onions over a crustini. Texture was perfect in my view, soft and goowy with the pungent onions and crusty bread.  My Cheddar Bacon soup, well it was cheddar bacon soup.  Didn't think much of it.  My sister's Pork Shoulder was served like mini sope tacos.  I thought it needed some heat.  My sister BF salad was oddly to say one of my favorites.  It had a nutty dried fruit taste with the crunch from the Romaine.  The egg was added the extra ooze of a texture and the Caesar cheese was mellowed by the sprinkled crushed croutons!  Finally, our main meal was okay at best.  Guess I'm not a big fan of Porchetta, but I thought it could have been roasted more on the outside to add some crispiness to what I would consider the bacon part.  The Fattiness of the pork was okay and the meat was nice and well cooked.  Not too dry, but I guess the fat help it stay moist.  I had to take some home since I was getting too full.  The horseradish mashed potatoes and the pickled cabbage atop I could have done without.  Then again maybe this comfort food is more made for an English man, not the Asian man haha!  

In the end, the service is tops.  Very well done and they seem to be knowledgeable about their menu.  Drink fill ups were quick, which in my case is important since I can drink water like no other.  I really enjoyed my visit to the pig & pickle and I really want to continue to come and give this place a chance.  For now, I will have to say a 3 star. - Enjoy!
The service was great. Strong interesting cocktails. My rib-eye was pretty good. I had a bite of the pork shoulder tostadas, which were delicious. I tried the Elvis gelato, which was interesting, but didn't really work for me.
Was excited to check this place out since it seemed rather unique for the area, but the run of the mill food could not save the poor service. This place definitely reminds me of a person who thinks that they are wayyyyy hotter than they really are. 

Food was a 3, service and overall experience was a 1, so landed on a 2 rating. Would not recommend. Full review below - 

Earlier in the week, my wife called to ask a question about our reservation. She was promptly told we didn't have one (we did) and was hung up on. Delightful. Should have been red flag #1.

When we walked in and the hostess seated our party (spoiler - the reservation we actually had), the atmosphere and I really enjoyed the modified wine bottles that were used as drinking glasses.

Drinks - Beer list was solid and definitely above average for the area. I settled on Dogfish's Festina Peche which seemed refreshing given the recent heat/humidity combo. Going rate for the beer was $7. When it came back from the bar, I noticed that I received it in a beer snifter glass which holds about 10oz. Looked around and noticed that other people in my party had the same pour. Now, I have no problem paying (and have more than I should) $7, $10, $12 for a 10oz pour of a higher alcohol by volume or rare seasonal beer. But $7 for a 10oz (really 8oz since mine was short poured and spilled on the table) fairly standard seasonal that has an ABV of 4.5%? The blatant money grab on the drinks is not a good look.

Food - As happy hour was ending, I decided to order the Chef's Charcuterie board. This was easily the best thing I had. Seemed like an assortment of pickled veggies and an egg with bread, jam and 3 kinds of meat. I can't tell you exactly what was on the board because the waiter just dropped it off in front of me with zero explanation and walked away. For the main course, there really wasn't anything innovative or unique on the menu, so I settled on the pot roast because I was craving it for some reason. Tots were easily the best thing on the plate. Pot roast was kinda bland, definitely needed salt. Aioli didn't really add much and didn't really make all that much sense from a flavor profile in my opinion.

A group of us (11) try a new place every month. This month happened to fall on a birthday. So, we brought some cupcakes as is the tradition. Waiter tells us that in order to serve them in the restaurant, we have to pay $4 a head. When we protest to the manager, he tells us it is a health code violation. So...it's a food safety risk unless we pay you $4 a head? Word of advice, the money grab is bad for business. 11 people who had been there for 2 hours now will not order another $7-12 drink ($77 is more than $44, shocking I know) and will leave with a bad feeling about your place. Not smart.

Overall, food is ok, service is bad, drink situation will make you feel like you need a shower. Spend your time and money somewhere else and thank me later. Perhaps over a normal sized beer?
Don't let the name fool you-I'm still a veg-head, but surprisingly this place has something for everyone. Yes, they specialize in various meats and pickled vegetables. They are also all about local, farm fresh, homemade food, which is why it's so deeeelicious! 
They have a few vegetarian items on the menu. The Nancy is a great brie and avocado sandwich, they have a homemade veggie burger, a vegetarian casserole which changes seasonally, and last night I tried the mussles which you can order with or without chorizo. They were delicious by the way. They also have an impressive mixed cocktail list with some classic old time favorites
The both times we've been here they have had wonderful service. Attentive, friendly, polite, and professional.  There is a dog-friendly patio as well, and last night on a Friday evening they had live music inside. 
So glad this place moved into the neighborhood!
Never coming back. Our monthly supper club decided to meet here for my birthday celebration. Twelve of us came to have a good time and order lots of drinks and food. My wonderful friends brought cupcakes to celebrate and when we brought them out they told us that we couldn't have them and that they would have to charge us $4 a cupcake to bring them in the back, add a scoop of ice cream and bring them back out to us. The problem wasn't so much that they wouldn't allow us to have them, the problem came when my husband tried to reason with the manager and he was a complete $@#. The manager literally said he had to charge us and serve them to us because it was a health code violation. Ummmmm, pretty sure you manhandling my cupcakes and adding ice cream to it has NOTHING to do with health code violations. That sad, pathetic excuse was all we needed to seal the deal.

Needless to say we said thanks but no thanks and ate them in the parking lot. Sad for them because we would have ordered a few more round of drinks and spent a lot more than $4 a cupcake! Our supper club will never come back and we would recommend to anyone celebrating a special day NOT to show up here. Ridiculous!
If your a major foodie and looking for an out of the ordinary dining experience then you NEED to check this place out. I went late and it was not too crowded, the service was basically on the spot, the bone marrow and duck wing were exceptional, and if your a dog person the patio is dog friendly (added bonus for my two dogs the bone that the marrow is served in is dog safe). I have not found food like this in the area and its definitely worth trying.
Holy foodgasm!  That's a direct quote from dinner here with my friends last week.  We went on a Friday, which I would NOT recommend; the was quite a long wait to get seated.  Service was good, but a little blatantly one sided.  Maybe the server could actually address then entire table, and not just the hot chick....not so subtle my friend, I'm just sayin.  

The food here was good.  They didn't reinvent the wheel, or even try to. The menu is a random assortment of someone's favorite foods, each one seemingly executed well.  There is a note on the menu that substitutions will be politefully declined.  I was concerned about this, as with my food allergies, eating out can be tricky.  They were more than willing to serve me a custom grind burger sans bun, with extra lettuce for wrapping.  It came out deconstructed on the plate, with a bowl of fries.  I was disappointed at first that I wasn't offered any dipping options for my fries, but once I tasted them, I understood why.  These fries were excellent. They stood alone, and anything to dip them in would have been an injustice.  Then I tasted my burger. One of my friends also had a burger with the bun and 2 hilariously large tots, and the other had a vegetable casserole? (If I remember correctly). There was a collective silence at the table as we all had our first bite, and stared at each other in disbelief.  No one could believe how simplistically good the food was, and the fact that we all thought so, that's an almost impossible feat.  As a group. We rarely agree on anything food related.  

I think the drinks were overhyped a bit.  I had a Moscow mule, which was ok, but not exceptional by any means.  The waiter helped my friend select a beer which she seemed to enjoy.

This place is more Scottsdale than I expected, but that wouldn't stop me from returning; I'd just pick a different night to avoid the wait.
Well, we porked out at this fun, accessible, local bar & restaurant! 

Appetizers have great portions and are very yummy. It was a hopping Wednesday eve and staff was very efficient with service. We definitely will be back but here are our observations, that we are not quick to critique:

1. Kitchen is very open. Kitchen line staff opening large bag of lettuce and using bare hands to remove.

2. Grill chefs and line cooks all take a shot of liquor after happy hour/dinner rush.

3. Our waiter is the only one that has hair hanging down in face. All other staff (aside from hostess) have hair well groomed and pulled back.

4. Pork dishes are succulent.

5. Staff is pleasant.

6. Beer options are broad and recommendations freely given.

We are stuffed....
We were again near the Pig & Pickle and he who must eat willed the car to stop and I couldn't be happier. It was early so we had the happy hour menu . First there was the mint julep and a great pilsner beer (thanks Kat for the suggestion!) We enjoyed the chefs choice  home made charcuterie...there were 3 different home made breads, pickled egg, pickled onions, bread n butter pickles, smoked butter, unsmoked Polish, pork terrine, (yummie) andouille sausage... Oh my goodness it was sooo good. We also had the pork shoulder tostadas, ginger aioli, topped with a light kimchi. It just didn't stop there we had the seared carrot cake my only complaint was we only ordered one piece.The peppered carmel sauce I'd like a bowl of that topped with the goat cheese whipped topping. What a wonderful time! Thank you!
Food: Very good. We had the duck and the fish fry. Both were excellent. We were sorta disappointed that we didn't get any of the house made bread. I guess we should have asked? Could be our faults so whatever.

Drinks: Eh...I've had better old fashioneds. Maybe I am just comparing it too much to Boston gastropubs which tend to have fantastic drinks. This is not to say it was bad, it was good...but I wasn't obsessed with it the way I am at some other places. On the other hand my dining companion's drink was good and I would be satisfied with it at virtually any location.

Service: The hosts were super friendly. Our server was nice, but very pushy and not super subtle in his attempts to upsell us. Why would you ask if I want fois gras or pork belly with my fish? Who puts foie gras on fish? We were also interrupted in the middle of our entree when we were halfway through it to so that he could start trying to sell us on dessert. Can we just have a conversation? I understand that restaurants need to upsell given that I was a server at one point, but good restaurants find ways to do it at the right time and in subtle ways. This was our only meal in the Phoenix area so I have no idea whether that was the norm (I am guessing it is not). I guess the point is, I am sure the service could easily be improved upon by giving people a little more space and not making recommendations that make no sense in terms of taste combinations for the purpose of having me spend more money.

Overall though, I would come back if I lived in the area. You may be asking how I came up with four stars here given the amount of criticism...my answer would be that the food quality to price ratio is great. The same entrees in most northeastern cities would be at least 5 or so dollars more.
Delicious pork shoulder tostadas!! Cocktails were unique and yummy. Pretzel chicken was verrrrry tasty too! Will definitely be back!!
When I first came to Pig & Pickle, I didn't know what to think of the menu. Now that I've been here a few times, I can definitely appreciate the approach that P&P takes to their food. I love the fact that it is always changing, and that it's fresh and different from most places in town.

From what I've had here, I definitely recommend the pork shoulder tostadas and charcuterie to start out. If you're feeling adventurous, get the "pickled things".

For entrees, the burger is always a safe choice but the mussels in white wine with chorizo really steals the show - my girlfriend has literally been quoted as saying, "I can't believe I'm eating mussels on Thomas and Hayden and actually loving it." Last night I had the pretzel crusted chicken breast with ratatouille - lawdy lawd it was good. 

What I will say is you absolutely CANNOT come here without ordering their "tots" on the side. These things are special, friggin' delicious, and always changing with their ingredients.

Lastly, they have an event space for groups in the back which is nice, they post local art on the walls that you can buy which is cool, and they have a good happy hour. You can have a lot of the appetizers for $5 (including the tostadas and charcuterie) as well as some wine and cocktails for five bucks. Boo-yah.

Yes, yes, and yes to Pig & Pickle.
Crazy good! 
We started with the pork belly and watermelon gazpacho. Both great! The heirloom tomatoes in both dishes cant be beat. So fresh and full of flavor. 

For dinner I had the duck leg with an added sunny side up duck egg on top. I can't tell you how awesome it was. They had a torchon de fois gras on the side... Omg. So creamy and dense. 

My husband had the grilled ribeye, med rare. Veryyyy good! Cooked perfectly and the scalloped potatoes with leeks was delicious. 

Will return for sure!
The food was very good. I ordered the pot roast sandwich and my sister had the vegan burger. The ambiance in the restaurant was good.  The server not so much!  He was very slow getting our order and had major attitude.
Pig & Pickle is a great new restaurant! My husband and I stopped here before heading to a concert and we could not have picked a better spot. 

We sat at the bar and Jen, our bartender, was amazing. She let me sample several of the happy hour draft beers before deciding on a pilsner while my husband chose a Mexican beer off of the canned beer list. We loved the variety of beer choices, you aren't going to find Bud Light here but you'll be happy with the alternatives! 

We started with the beer cheese app served with a variety of fresh baked breads which was outstanding. The tot of the day was pancetta(?), cheese and jalapeño and my husband loved these. For my dinner I ordered the vegan burger with the dump truck salad and both were delicious. Vegan burgers are hard to do but P & P got this right! My husband had the pot roast sandwich with French fries which were fantastic & he raved about the sandwich. 

We loved the atmosphere-open kitchen, lots of light shining in, pig figurines everywhere, if you get the chance, GO!
Returned for Sunday brunch with friends a couple weeks ago, and it was every bit as good as our first visit. Highly recommended.
What a great find! We started with two mega tater tots - which were awesome and a pickle plate. The pickle plate had everything on it from actual pickles to onions, eggs, beets and mushrooms. Very yummy.   I had a "dump truck" salad - I guess they call it that because everything is dumped in it. Delicious. For the main course I ordered the pot roast sammy minus the bread, so they served it in a cast iron pan. It was just great, huge portions. My husband enjoyed the beer selection and a juicy cheeseburger. The service was excellent, the restaurant was clean and everyone was friendly. We will return!
I went to Pig and Pickle tonight for one reason....to get the veggie burger with bacon....did I get that? nope.... When the BF and I got there, we realized it was happy hour and I could not resist 5$ plates. We asked the waitress what the best item on the happy hour menu was and she said the bahn mi.....I was skeptical because it had liver on it (eeeek), but decided to try it. It was actually fairly good! The pork was a little mushy and looked really gross, but the veggies added a good amount of flavor and crunch to the sandwich...I couldn't really taste the liver. After eating half this sandwich, there was no way I could get the burger....way too much food. So the BF and I decided to share a couple more happy hour items including the tacos and the beer cheese dip (much healthier and lighter, right? ha.) The taco was fairly disappointing because it had that same mushy pork on it with mushy refried beans and nothing crunchy to change the texture....just mush....not awesome. The beer cheese was ok, but again, had kind of a weird texture....it says it comes with things to dip in it which is 99% bread....not exactly what I expected. Overall, I just didn't think it was amazing, BUT I still want to give them another chance by trying a real meal here because I like that they use a lot of local ingredients and make a lot of their ingredients fresh (like bread and whatnot).
These guys know what they are doing. Awesome experience from beginning to end. I got to go pork crazy and my vegetarian girlfriend was able to have a great meal too. Stellar beer selection  Our sever went above and beyond what was expected. Just a wonderful experience all around.
Went here for my first time. The tostadas were outstanding my daughters veggie burger was excellent too!! ..... and you can add bacon for free. The service was excellent we sat at the bar and spoke with one of the owners Clayton. Definitely will go back here.
I had an early dinner here on 8/21. It was awesome. There was really fun music at a level that I could hear, but it didn't overwhelm me. There are televisions going, but I kept forgetting they were there. The staff is super friendly without me wanting to puke, and they are really knowledgable about the food. It's good to see that the people who work there, eat there. Really good sign. 

However, I hope that they don't eat there every day. The food is so rich! I'm going to make this a once a month stop. I'll get as big as a house if I try that. 

The beer? INCREDIBLE. If they have the Yeti- drink it. 

The food? Shut your whore mouth. It was SO good. They asked me if I had room for more, and I shed a single tear while asking for the check.
After taking another couple to the Pig's brunch last Sunday, I have been thinking about returning to the place for a specific  menu item....prime rib. I'm usually an omnivore if the food is done well. I have not been shy about sharing the places that do all food justice. Tonight, Peg and I returned to the P&P because we knew that the aforementioned prime rib was on the menu. OMG!  If you are tired of things that some restaurants try to do to this product via rubs, coatings, or anything else that is NOT just your basic wonderful cut ofmeat, then you really need to check the version that Keenan, Josh and crew serve. It is, IMHO, the best in the Valley hands down!!. Deliciously rare-med rare, a twice-baked with broccoli and the wonderfulness of a good potato, and the bet-you-can-only-eat- half verision of what tasted like the oldtime Parker House dinner roll. Peg's scallops and corn combo were amazing, and we started with splitting a bánh mì sandwich and a bowl of gazpacho...both on the great happy hour menu as well. Thank God we 86'd the wedge salad!  The bánh mì was incredbile....and it will be split (with a dump truck salad, perhaps) for an entire  dinner next time. BTW..dipping the sandwich IN the gazpacho is a bit of heaven in and of itself. At any rate....this meal was memorable. Yet again, Chris, Kat, and the always efficient servers were filling water glasses and being attentive. The more we go to this place....the better it gets!  Dr. B
I was excited to have this place open literally across the street from my home. To be fair, I visited twice before writing a review. 1st visit was great; waiter was super friendly, attentive and helpful. With 5 of us in our party, we had plenty to sample and all was delish (pot roast sandwich, rock shrimp salad, pork belly, mussels etc). Fast forward to last night and this is where it goes from 4.5 stars to 3. I think this place has a case of identity crises. They need to figure out who they are, what they do well, and stick with it. As opposed to my first visit, last night's was disappointing: a frazzled somewhat disinterested waitress (even though the place was practically empty) as well as complete inconsistency in the food had me come to the decision that I am done with P & P for awhile. Food was barely warm, flavors were uninteresting, and all the shredded "meats" tasted the same with a somewhat mushy texture. I made the mistake of ordering the seared tuna and noodle salad. The tuna was cooked as opposed to seared and the dressing was flavorless. My mother and I both ordered the diver scallops in creamed corn "drizzled" in some sort of chili oil. My scallops, as an appetizer, had a ratio of chili oil completely different than my mother's (her scallops were swimming in chili oil). Again--consistency is a problem. In addition, I have decided that I don't care for the ambience of this place. I find it cold, sparse and somewhat of an afterthought. I couldn't help but notice that the laminate surface of a few of the tables is already peeling or breaking off around the corners. Yes, I am picky, but after receiving  $135 bill for 4 at happy hour and one drink per person, I think I have the right to be. Bottom-line: meh. I can live without this place. There are too many great places in Scottsdale to eat to settle for meh.
Service was great. Food amazing. We had the pork shoulder tostadas, bone marrow, and duck entree. Waitress was very knowledgable of food and had great recommendations. I would certainly return.
Somehow on the way to pick up sandwiches for dinner, we ended up at Pig & Pickle.  We should plan on sandwiches for dinner more often!

There was quite the age range of customers which must be a testament to the quality of food.  I also must be in the upper range since I did notice it was extremely loud.  Definitely not a place for a quiet, romantic dinner.  But a great place for a great cocktail and equally great meal.

I had to forgo the cocktail instead having a boring sparkling water with lime.  But I was pleased to see mussels on the menu which is one of my favorite lighter meals.  It was a decent sized portion for a modest price of $15.  Served in a rich and flavorful broth of white wine, tomatoes, and creme fraiche with plenty left for soaking into your bread (I ordered extra bread).  I did get a grain of sand in a couple of them, but overall it was a nice dish.

My husband had the bone-in pork chop cooked perfectly with the slightest hint of pink still there.  He also gave a thumbs up to the accompanying succotash.  As for the oven roasted bone marrow he ordered, I did not go there.  It was a significantly smaller portion than served at Searsucker, but was also priced quite a bit lower at $9.  He did like it, however.

I should also note, service was excellent!  In fact, all the servers seemed to be doing a great job!
Pig and Pickle never ceases to amaze me. The food is amazing and the specialty cocktails are amazingly concocted. Bottled beer selection is stellar and they have a few draft beer options  Staff is always friendly and you receive a warm welcome every time you walk through the front door. Food menu changes on a regular basis as the chefs like to keep the diners on their toes by providing new and exciting dining experiences. 

I'd strongly suggest the bone marrow and once you've finished the marrow wash it down with the bone marrow bourbon shot (just as Scotty the bartender!).
This is a place that does almost everything right.   I had an aper rye sour, the scallops and then the creme brulee.  Everything was awesome, drink menu is awesome, dinner menu is awesome.  Really friendly staff, too.  Not cheap, but really worth it.
I love this place. This is not a good place come if you;re on a diet.

so far we tried,...

Bone Marrow, pork shoulder tostada, rib eye steak----which was amazeballs--- stuffed tater tots, duck, and fried fish.

I think I loved alll of these with the exception of the fried fish. It was crispy crunchy but there's so many better yummy things on the menu.

the vibe is casual and service has always been great.
the patio is petfriendly so you can bring your beloved furbaby here if you'd like!
I really liked this place. A friend took me here for dinner on a recent Friday night and we just loved everything. We sat near the bar, at a high table and ordered 5 things off the menu, mostly appetizers but one entree (the pot roast). We also had a salmon appetizer, a pickled appetizer plate, a cheese plate, charcuterie, and possibly one other item. I'm not doing them justice by listing them. Everything was delicious and beautifully presented, with interesting accoutrements accompanying them. And the ingredients were fresh--you can tell.

Our waiter was wonderful. After asking about the beer on the menu, I decided to try the "surprise" beer of the moment. They open several kegs a day of different, miscellaneous beers, in addition to their impressive microbrew offerings. Turned out it was a beer I'd been wanting to try but there was only a tiny amount left on tap. The waiter gave me the last half-glass on the house, which was really very nice of him.

With a $15 coupon, we couldn't go wrong. Even without a coupon next time, we still won't go wrong. I recommend this to people who want to try interesting meals with more than just the usual fusion, but real imagination.
Fantastic, food, service, and drinks. Cat is amazing. She is like the Superwoman of Pig and Pickle. Cat is always working hard, and taking care of the customers. She is the manager, and is so sweet everytime I dine there. The servers are very professional, and treat their customers like gold. I live so close, that I can even have a cocktail or two and just walk home. :P I had my first Mai-Tai there, and the bartender was so honored to make it for me. It is rare to meet such sincere people! The beany pie, and their tots are so good! I'd like to try their dessert soon, and their other vegetarian dishes. The food is reasonably priced, too! Obviously this is not a fast food joint, so it is going to be more expensive, because it is REAL food-(and fresh at that)! Your taste buds will definitely thank you for eating at Pig and Pickle!
Okay so I love this place. I live around the corner so I am there at least once a week and I think they know me by name which is slightly embarrassing. 
They have taken a quiet strip mall space and turned it into an amazing gastropub type restaurant. The ingredients are fresh, in season and local, they put tons of thought into the menu, the beer list is extensive and the old fashioneds make me feel like don draper in mad men. 
Try "the nancy" and the cheese plate is a must. Also attend happy hour here for great deals, I think it's from 4-6.
I arrived before my party, hungry. It was a Friday night, I was sat in a high top, near the bar. I ordered an app right away..a crispy rock shrimp($14). The remoulade was to die for, with diced kalamata. I ordered the ribeye with gratin potatoes for my entree ($27). My other 2 guests arrived, and ordered a burger, and 2 add ons of pork belly. Here's where it gets murky..one pork belly dish arrived, so we thought it was the two sides combined, then a few mins later, another small side appears, we send it back, because we thought we already had received ours, it turns out, when we get the check he rang us in for 2 pork belly appetizers (received only one app plate) I was trying to eat my ribeye, and explain to the server what had happened, (he seemed super busy, and impatient the whole experience, rushing my friends through their orders.) He took the app that we didn't order, or receive off, thankfully..but still charged us full price for the one we didn't order. The steak was great paired with the remoulade that I'm in love with, the gratin was cold in the middle. Sad. The service was rushed, and towards the end, the hostess approached us, and asked if we, meaning my friend and I would help her move our table, so the band could set up. She looked shocked when I simply replied "no". The place doubles as an art gallery, which is neat, but they were featuring about 4 different artists, with 4 different color schemes, and even varying styles. Pretty painful to the eye. All in all, it's an okay place set in a stip mall, decorated with the Sunday comics.
Huge fan of this place. Every time I go I always have a great meal. My favorites are the carnita tostadas with kimchi and of course the house pickle because of the pickled grapes. I will definitely keep returning
Happy hour provides nice value with filling, satisfying small plates: pork tostadas are incredible and have no comparison with a few of our fav Mexican eateries. 

We are keeping our fingers crossed not to get the waiter again who is skimping on hair ties.
Frigg'n awesome. PERIOD.
Ok I wanted to give this place more stars based on just looking at the menu, but either I may have ordered a couple of things that just didn't suit my fancy or it wasn't quite what I expected. Will be back to try again. Ordered the charcuterie plate which I thought would be meat, cheese, and bread, but no cheese was present.  I felt that this took away from the plate. There were two meats  that were good- but the rest unimpressive and due to strange textures of the meat, made me feel slightly ill. The pretzel bread and other breads were however delicious. Ordered the goat cheese with sour plums- lacked some flavor and once again the texture was unusual. Not bad, just not my favorite.  The pork burger was great- holy meat! Fries were delicious.  Restaurant was way too loud for my taste, until it got a little later in the evening. Servers were very attentive.
Tried this place last night, we live nearby. Not sure we will go back. The food was pretty good, we had  the hangar steak, and believe or not, the cook actually knew what "Medium Rare" meant. They also have bottled Coke from Mexico. The good ends there. After a loooooong look at the menu and wait for the server, and choosing the fish and chips (it was friday, after all) the server asked, "You came to pig and pickle for fish and chips?"  WHAT?  It's on the menu, so I cannot have it? He was a bit overbearing on suggestions, suggesting the Duck or Pork.  There was also too much "we serve locally sourced food, natural, blah blah blah. I'm all for supporting local farmers, and healthy ingredients, but we felt a little too "schooled." When we both chose the steak, We sort of were made to feel as if we made a stupid choice. The steak was very good, the meat had good flavor, but the portion of the sides was a bit small. You are gonna need a starter or a salad to get enough food. The dessert menu was carrot cake, chocolate, chocolate, and more chocolate. Too much of that. we went to Dairy Queen for Ice Cream after that. The odd menu changes every night too.  The prices were OK, but mixed drinks were $7-$10 and just plain weird.
It doesn't get better than Pig & Pickle...outstanding food , great service and good value without being pretentious. Pork belly tostadas...awesomeness! Smoked salmon stacked high in a latke...delicious! Gruyere with local honey, bee pollen and apricot jam was delightful. The wife loved the tostadas the she ordered them for her entree. The Apocalypse Sow was the best burger I have ever had...the ground pork, bacon and cheese was heavenly. Cod fish and tatters were very good. The s'mores dessert was worthy enough to go just for the desert.

The hostess, the manager (Chris) and our server  (Justin)  provided outstanding service . They know how to make you feel welcomed and make it easy to want to come back again and again. I recommends everyone to go here!
I am a vegetarian so I was totally not wanting to try any place with "Pig" in it's name. I finally gave in and went with my boyfriend who had been wanting to try it out. I was pleasantly surprised by how tasty the salads are and there are quite a few dishes I could eat. Since trying this place we have gone back 4 times and it's only been a month. I love everything I have tried and so does my boyfriend. It's rare we find a place we can both enjoy.
What a great place. The food was delicious. I had the slow cooked pork sandwich and fries, which was a very yummy dish. The table had the pork belly appetizer with the heirloom tomatoes and bib lettuce, as well as the foie gras. I had never had foie gras paired with strawberries, but it was an amazing compliment. But truly the best part of the meal was the service. We let them know in advance that we were bringing in a couple to celebrate a special occasion, and they went out of their way to make that couple feel special. We will definitely be back!
Yummy stuff!  Great place for something a little different. Started with an appetizer of the Havarti cheese with honey, bee pollen, and apricot-vanilla jam. Nice start! I ordered the smoked pot roast sandwich with havarti, caramelized onions and horseradish and my foodie-buddy ordered the pork burger with bacon, aged cheddar and grilled onions.  We would have discussed our food experience, but our mouths were full and it wouldn't be polite  :)   We shared a S'more for dessert which was described as chocolate mousse on a graham cracker crust with toasted marshmallows. We were just a tad disappointed that the mousse was hard as a rock, so when you tried to cut into it, it flew off the plate, making a bit of a mess.  As it sat, it softened some and was a much more pleasant treat, but had to ask for a doggy bag as it was VERY rich.

All in all, great food and good service. I would definitely return for another go.
My wife and I went here a few days go with a few friends for Restaurant Week.  We aren't the most adventurous foodies, but we decided to throw caution to the wind and give it a try.  After looking at their menu then thinking about the location of this place I was unsure what to expect.  You normally don't see this type fancy foodie cuisine in South Scottsdale and I was pleasantly surprised.  Almost everything I tried was very good.  The service was equally as good as our server was fast and friendly.  The prices, on the other hand, were a bit high I thought.

* Bread plate to start = very good.  The pretzel bread was awesome but so were the other few types of bread on there.  But WHY do they feel the need to charge $3 for it?  Having to pay for bread really pisses me off.  That is like paying to refill a soda.
* Pork shoulder tostadas = very good
* Iceberg wedge = very interesting and very good
* Braised duck = tender, juicy, and very delicious.
* Pretzel crusted red bird chicken = this was just ok.  It wasn't very flavorful and you really couldn't tell it was crusted with their homemade pretzel bread.
* Stoney bah-loanie = very interesting but just ok - a bit too bitter for me
* Moscow mule = pretty good but their homemade ginger beer made this one need to be sweeter

All-n-all this is a pretty decent place with great food.  The scene is a bit too foodie-hipsterish for me with all the farm-to-table bs, not having fountain drinks, charging for bread, etc.  However, I give this place a lot of credit for trying something new in an area that has seen nothing like it before.
Pig & Pickle --- simply fabulous! I enjoyed every moment with two good friends last night. We shared various items on the Happy Hour menu: Pork Shoulder Tostadas. 'dump truck' salad, Beer Cheese and Bread & the tasty Creamy Broccoli and Brown Ale Soup with Wisconsin Cheddar & Bacon. Great Food, Friends, Conversations & Laughs. I understand why Pig & Pickle was voted by readers in the New Times Best of Phoenix 2013 in the categories of Best Late Night Nosh & Best Happy Hour. Great staff as well. This will definitely be at the Top of my Favorites List. Cheers***
very tasty food and generous portion size. Efficient and pleasant staff. My spouse
enjoyed an excellent beer. This was our second visit and we went for "restaurant week"
It was a very pleasant dinner and I highly recommend this restaurant
It was restaurant week so we got booted to the outside at 5pm, which I think my cousin got bit by a scorpion something, which I'm so glad my baby didn't. Her skin puffed up. It was really bad..

To the food...(happy hour by the way too)
The food is that asian/mexican fusion with tacos, etc that just didn't impress me because it's become the norm. My stomach starting hurting afterwards and I had to drink a lot of water. Overall, I just wasn't wowed and my cousin landed in the urgent care = deal breaker
I am now a fan and I think weekly how I can go back.

The outside stipmall appearence does no good service to the fine establishment.  The interior was much cleaner and refreshing.  Tables are not overly stacked next to each other, noise level was very manageable. 

We went for happy hour and were not disappointed.  Great Pork Shoulder tostadas.  Charchouterie was a nice touch.  The prosecco gazpatcho(sp?) soup was a disappointment.  The breads and beer cheese were wonderful.

We will be back.
Host staff wasn't so great but Christina who showed up mid conversation told us to get a table to get water while we waited for our to go food. We ended up eating our soup in the restaurant mom and I shared the bacon, Wisconsin cheddar, broccoli soup. It was absolutely amazing. I'd advise on sharing it because it was very rich. Christina told us to get the carrot cake but we were so full we got it to go. I'm normally a chocolate person but our server said she is too but loves the carrot cake! It was freaking delicious!!!
It wasn't the food selection for me. Very little to choose from on menu even when it came to big.... I wasn't a fan of "A giant piece of bacon." The girl and I will not go back because of the menu selection. I don't mind pig but the menu didn't offer much to my girl's or my tastes.

PRO: Has Mercenary IPA and other great drinks to choose from!!!
           Great Service and interesting atmosphere
CON: Menu did not fit me even though I would eat a pig.
A fairly eclectic menu featuring items such as pork liver, braised pork shank, and pork belly, Pig and Pickle is a porcine charm. 
If you like whiskey, Pig features a selection of over fifty (rough guess) types of spirits including unique ryes that'll produce a Manhattan cocktail reminiscent of a Wall Street watering hole. 

The patio is noisy due to its open access to Thomas Road. On this night, everyone seated on the patio nearly jumped out of their chairs at the sound of skidding tires thinking an accident was in progress.  Shortly after, a loud boom from across the street, likely a car backfire, but nerve shattering nonetheless. Throughout dinner, the evening was littered with annoying roadway distractions, not fun. 
My advice? Don't opt for the patio no matter how loud the climate inside. 

Service was stellar, with the waiter offering helpful tips, advice on how things are prepared and how many servings to expect from various appys. Prompt, courteous, and seemingly well trained. 

I had a pork shank accompanied by yams. The yams were a bit spicy but not too, just enough to add a spectacular flavor and wake up your taste buds. Unexpected and flavorful surprise for the non-yam enthusiast. 

Pig and Pickle has done a good job with everything we experienced save for some type of barrier between the patio and the roadway to help with noise abatement.
I don't have a lot of reviews but I've eaten A LOT fantastic food. I had literally one of the best meals I've had in a long time and amongst a lot of trendy foodie oriented places. dump truck salad + charcuterie + bahn mi+ seared carrot cake= heaven! everything was great but the carrot cake is not just the best dessert I've ever had but a fantastic dish sweet or savory . oh did I say the service was perfect?
One of our favorite spots. The Pig & Pickle is always a great dinning experience. While the menu is always evolving, the staple dishes are always awesome. 

The P&P is a great spot for a client dinner, a night out with family and friends, or simply for a quick bite. 

Don't skip the Pork shoulder tostadas or the Apocalypse Sow burger. Enjoy!
Unassuming from the parking lot, this vibrant local hangout is definitely worth checking out. 
We stopped in on a weeknight and found the place buzzing with activity. The atmosphere was great and the locals and first timers seemed to mix well.
The beer list is great, and the variety and creativity of the mixed drink list is intriguing too.
I'm still dreaming of the Waffle with the maple glazed brisket and two sunny side eggs. Yum! I had my waffle with the crispy bacon mixed in, and OH MY FEISTY YUM!! Yes, get it with bacon, it makes it that much better, and scrumptious! Service was on point, water was always refilled and I'm coming back for the mussels and creme fraiche plus more good eats!
I fell in love with this place. Though I was a bit skeptical when I arrived as it is part of a strip mall next to a Hungry Howie's and, I think, an auto shop. That being said, when you step into their doors you're in an environment worlds away from your typical strip-mall restaurant and feel more like you're in a warm/welcoming gastropub. My girlfriend and I decided to try this place out 100% for our first time (appetizer, entree, dessert, and cocktails.) Our server was fantastic and did a great job explaining/recommending everything. What really caught my attention was the fact that almost everything aside from the meat and greens they make in-house (sauces, aiolis, ect)... Including their own whiskey! And what they don't make in-house mostly comes from local suppliers and farmers. Based off the ethics and focus on quality here, I was already almost sold. But one thing remained; actually tasting the stuff... So onto the food n' drink... We started with the pork belly/bok choy appetizer, and it was flawless; perfectly cooked, sauced to perfection (tasted a bit like a BBQ sauce with a bit of ginger to it), and complimented wonderfully by the vegetables that accompanied. The server recommended the pork belly over the bone marrow (which I'm sure is also delicious) and for that, I thank him. While enjoying a fantastic appetizer, we enjoyed our equally fantastic cocktails; I got the Amish Mule made with their house-made apple bourbon which was absolutely great. My woman got what I think was called their "Stunt Cocktail" in which all ingredients were made/aged in-house (though I cant remember what the ingredients were, but it was delicious nontheless.) Next, the entrees... I got the pork shank with yam puree & bacon greens and it was perfect! The server told me it looked like caveman food when I ordered it, and that is a spot-on description (Warning: very generous portion.) It really did look like a leg of dinosaur that you'd see Fred Flintstone eating in an old cartoon. The pork was fall-off-the-bone-tender and smokey with a nice crust on the outside. Accompanied with a spicy yam puree, which only added to the outstanding flavor of the pork. My girlfriend got the Hanger Steak, which she absolutely loved. Now dessert... Based off the great quality of everything we had consumed thus far, it was a bit of a challenge trying to decide which of the desserts we wanted to try (as I can only imagine they'd all be worth the while.) So I played it safe and ordered the seared carrot cake, and my girl "the Elvis". The carrot cake was amazing; seared with a goat cheese whip on top (unbelievably tasty), accompanied by golden raisins and a black pepper/caramel drizzle (the black pepper caramel was a surprisingly perfect marriage of flavor). If you like traditional carrot cake, you'll like this more.I tried some of "The Elvis" as well; a bit on the "adventerous" side of dessert, from what I remember it was peanut butter cheesecake with house-made strawberry spread, caramelized banana, and bacon (I think). I only had a few bites, and it was good but VERY sweet. My woman loved it. I'd recommend it to anyone with an undying sweet tooth. So, in conclusion, I believe this place deserves 5 stars and a try from all unapologetic carnivores who appreciate a quality cut of meat and everyone who wants to enjoy a well-priced QUALITY meal while supporting local business/farmers.
Best spot in Scottsdale period. 

Clayton and Scotty handle the bar extremely well. They offer an excellent array of hand crafted cocktails, craft beer, and wine on tap. No bullshit, they are some of the best in the business. 

Keenan and Josh run the kitchen. From the countless times I have dined here, I cannot find one complaint. It is a restaurant that makes it very difficult to try the same thing twice, as you want to try something different every time. My personal favorites have been the Apocalypse sow, smoked salmon app, and anything involving pork belly. They absolutely crush it. Fresh, local, and unique cuisine is offered on the daily. 

Find out when they offer beer pairing dinners. They provide you with a chance to try some awesome food, paired with chronic brews. Seats run out quick, so jump on them when you can. 

This is my favorite restaurant. Try it.
Not bad, good for fried food. Heavy food but well made . The tater tits are awesome. Nice patio .
Had dinner there last night and the food was outstanding!  we started with the house made charcuterie, pickles and bread.  YUM!!  The different jams were delicious.  I had the apocalypse sow and could not finish it!!  I wanted to but alas I was done!  They have a good selection of beer and wine to go with your mean.  Our server Steve was great and knew the menu very well!  And for bonus points the place is open late!!!!
We love this neighborhood restaurant! The chefs come up with some amazing combinations that are fresh and unique. I love how they have a different tater tot every day. I've never had a bad one! The pork belly tostada is delicious and I love the kimchi on it. I wish they were open for lunch. I'm glad to see all the positive reviews... Hopefully that means this restaurant will be around for a while!
Always a 5-star experience! This place is a foodie's dream - decadent but light, incredible flavors you wouldn't ordinarily mix, and phenomenal service. Overall, excellent every time - and not just for meat eaters. My husband and I eat fish but no other meat, an we always have delicious choices.
The pork shoulder tostadas were delicious!
The servers were very nice but forgot to bring a few things we had asked for. I was almost done with my meal by the time he came back to even bother asking again. Oh well!!! Everyone seemed to think their dinner was just ok.  Drinks sound amazing but were kinda bland.  To the end the night my seat outside was covered in ants!!!!
I have been to the Pig and Pickle a couple of times now. The first time I ordered the dump truck salad as I am not a meat eater but my friend was. The salad was fresh and large and the dressing was fresh as well. My friend had the Pot Roast sammie which he stated was very good. The service was very good  although it was restaurant week, we were able to get in and out in a timely manner. 

I went again last night with my brother I decided to try the vegetarian burger which came with fries, it was very good and flavorful with some fresh veggies on top and good temperature the fries were hot and fresh as well. My only complaint would be the fries were extremely salty. I used the hot sauce to tone down the salt a bit. I am a type of person that will not send food back for any reason, and we were also in a hurry. My brother ordered the Pot Roast and he stated that this was very good. We did not order drinks but I have had their drinks in the past which is a good selection of wine and beer. 

For the price you get good service and food, my only suggestion would be is to not add any salt to the fries and have salt and pepper on the tables along with serving the condiments with the food so the wait staff does not have to make several tips for condiments along with not having to wait to eat your food waiting for the condiments. 

For vegetarians they have the nancy'...brie, avocado, tomato and shaved red onion on garlic rubbed bread ,the dump truck salad and  the vegetarian burger. Not too many choices but at least you can find something on the menu.
My friend and I were pretty disappointed. Everything sounded so great and unique, but my mussels with chorizo just tasted burnt...I'm not even sure how you would burn something like that, but I digress. I can't even remember what my friend ordered, but again, it was something that appealed to our foodie sense on paper, but was nothing too special in actuality. Too bad...
We tried the pork belly. Albondagas soup and the broccoli cheese soup. The were all very good. I did not realize the soup came in two sizes. $5 was the small. Wish I had gotten the large but I just ate some of hubbies pork belly, wishing I had ordered some of my own. Pork belly and soup were enough for a good meal unless you are a big eater.
It was a dinner party for my nephew and we had a table for ten on a Saturday night.  We arrived early and were quickly shown to our table that was pre-set and ready for us.  Kudos for smart service.  We sat and perused the quirky beer selection and eventually settled on a couple of Ales from Odell Brewing.  The rest of our party filtered in shortly thereafter.  Our server, Steve, looking very hipster, much like the crowd here, was gracious and attentive, without hovering.  He read our group well, a bunch that has trouble deciding what to order and has to discuss the details of every menu option.  Sometimes I just have another beer and wait it out.  Steve was cool about it, letting us make up our minds.

Eventually, we all settled on something, and we had a pretty good spread from the menu.  Two orders of the barbecue vegetarian thing, one order of Shank, a couple of burgers, a Nancy, the pork shoulder tostadas, and I had a special for that evening.  I dunno, maybe it's a special every evening, but it was not on the menu at any rate.  Somebody also order a couple of tots, which are really croquettes, but I'm not one to dicker.  This night, they were "teriyaki" chunks of ham and pineapple blended into the mash, breaded and deep-fried, then served with a teriyaki sauce.

Everybody seemed to enjoy their meal immensely, and like a big family, we shared tasty bites, so everybody got to sample a little of something.  Oh yeah, my "special" for that evening.  Steve described it fairly perfectly, a savory half-pound of house ground pork burger seasoned, grilled and served on a brioche bun with several slices of bacon.  Hog Heaven is what I would call it.  Even though he described it as "very moist", I thought it was a bit on the dry side.  The aioli sauce that I ordered on the side and asked for twice, never came, but I'm sure that would have helped it.  You have an option of several sides, I chose the "dump truck" salad, a mix of finely chopped vegetables and lettuce, with a delicious vinaigrette dressing.  the burger was quite tasty, with a savory-smoky flavor that was assertive but not overpowering.  My daughter, having the tostadas, scraped off the kimchi and scarfed the rest, declaring it delicious.  My wife had the "Nancy" sandwich and enjoyed it, sharing with her sister who ordered the BBQ veggies.  She wasn't so fond of the veggie dish, saying bbq sauce kind of overpowered the veggies.  The rest of the stuff was down at the other end of the table, so I did not get to try any, but it was clear everybody enjoyed their meal.  

Would I go back?  you betcha!
Such a great place!  We stopped by this afternoon during happy hour and brought our furry friend to enjoy the dog friendly patio.  The space both indoor and out is great...good vibe to it and super friendly staff!  

The beer, wine and cocktail list is quite extensive and extremely reasonable during happy hour from 4-6pm.  The tots are a must try too...today's flavor was beef and broccoli...yum!  

It was such a nice touch that our server brought our pup her own bowl of water and two homemade peanut butter and bacon dog cookies shaped like bones...they had me from the get go with a move like this!
Had a fantastic experience tonight.  Sat at the bar and ordered from the happy hour menu.  The food was unique and tasty.  The pork tostadas were our favorite.  The cocktails were flavorful and not overly sweet.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  The service was outstanding.  The bartender, Scott, introduced himself, asked our names and thanked us by name at the end of our meal.  He recommended the Mississippi Mudd cake with bacon.  Wow!!  It was out of this world!  Extremely impressed by the service as well as the food.  Great overall experience and I would highly recommend it to others.
I are here a few nights ago and I was really pleased with everything. The ambiance and lighting is really nice for dinner, and the concept is simple and unique. I had the mussels with chorizo and they were amazing. Will definitely be back to try some of their whiskey they have a really extensive selection.
Went here last night for the first time and had a fantastic experience. We tried 4 different drinks off their lengthy cocktail menu and were pleased with all of them...try the bee sting! The duck leg was outstanding and my friend enjoyed his pork burger as well. The only thing that was better than our food & drinks was the service...our server Eric was spot on! The place is well staffed and the hostess was super friendly. Couldn't ask for more from a first experience. There's no question I'll be back to try the bone marrow!
We were searching for a less pretentious atmosphere after calling around Scottsdale for reservations. I saw a write up in Valley Guide in our room and read reviews on Yelp. Well, we scored! 
I should mention that we are traveling with our 5 year old with a nut allergy. The staff was incredible and accommodating and so knowledgeable about the menu. We arrived for the end of happy hour and ordered the tostadas with pork and kimchi and the dump truck salad. Both excellent. The salad was very seasonal with cauliflower, radish and cucumber, my 5 year old loved each bite. My son's burger was hand made with homemade bread. 
After our apps we had the mussels with chorizo and homemade bread. When I asked the waitress if it was good she begged us to order it. It did not disappoint. We also had the pickles on the side which was not just house made pickles but a pickled egg, beans, okra, mushrooms, beets and even grapes, all distinctly different from each other. My only complaint was that there was a lot of fennel in each dish we had, so by the end of the meal we had a bit of fennel fatigue. 
Would make a big effort to come back here again when in town. The staff was so attentive and knew so much about the drinks and dishes. We didn't drink this evening but the specialty drinks were as well thought out as the dishes. It was a pleasure just reading the menus.
Most people over the age of 21 have had some sort of sexual experience.  By themselves, with someone else....Whatever.

The reason I mention this is that the food here has been so good in my experience, my taste buds have exploded with extacy.  The pork shoulder tostadas, the almost fist sized appetizers labeled as tots that are wrapped in potato and have such wonderful, ever changing goodies that taste so good.  

The menu items and Facebook hidden finds that are so delicious that you almost want to BEG for more.  Add yummy beers and drinks, wonderful staff, this place is a foodies wet dream.  

Perverse perhaps, but all too true.  If you LOVE food, you will live and die by this place.  No joke.  It is THAT good.  If I won the lottery I'd be here daily.  As a mook down on his luck, once in a blue moon is a dream come true.  

Cheers!  Have a meal here and tell em Trunker sent you.  They may be kind.
Great service and good food!!! Try the tots.... We had chicken and green chilies.  Tostados are a must!!!! So good with the ginger! The appocolips sow burger was also good... A little salty but very good!!! We wanted to try dessert but couldn't because we were so full!!!
We have been back two more times...both times for Sunday brunch! WOW! Great choices...the menu changes but I have had their eggs benedict and a fabulous omelet. And $5 mimosas....what is not to like?
Love this place! I have had a lot of stuff here and nothing fell short of amazing!  Love the staff also.  If you have not been here your life is not complete. You will not be disappointed.  I read some of the negative reviews and I just don't know how anyone has anything bad to say about the food or drinks. Also it is a must to go for brunch sometime.  Ok I am done.  But seriously eat here!
First and foremost I have been here many times and it wasn't until now I have felt compelled to write a review. To sum it up in one word...awesome.

Secondly, each time I have been here the food has been delicious, and that's a huge understatement. The food is very unique and the flavored are amazing and mesh well. They have these items called Tots which are filled with something new daily, one time it was this pineapple mixed with something exquisite served with a dipping sauce (this time was nacho cheese dipping sauce.)  Side note, try the seared carrot cake with bacon on top, only if you want the best thing you have ever indulged on in your life. The food alone deserves five stars but I will not end there. 

Lastly, the service is beyond five star. Every time, no exaggeration, every time I have been here the service is amazing. Unbelievably helpful staff, very accommodating and knowledgeable about their food. I brought my dog on the most recent visit (Great Dane/Lab mix) which is a large dog, and the staff was very welcoming of him. From feeding him homemade dog treats to moving heaters around to ensure our comfortability.

All in all one of my favorite places to visit in Scottsdale.  I just stumbled upon this amazing place one night and now I frequently cost because it's as close to perfect as perfect can get.
I really want to like this place, but the acoustics are awful! We were seated in a corner and had to shout to hear each other because the conversations around us were echoing and so loud. The food is typical Scottsdale: small portions with a big price tag. The food was good, but you don't get enough to warrant the price. Decent, if not impressive beer selection. 

It would have been four stars, but the deafening noise dropped it a star.
I've been there twice. Once as just a regular patron. I found the food so good that we decided to have our office Xmas party here.  The second time was with 12 people in the private back room.  The meal was stupendous, the service fantastic and the evening couldn't have gone any better.  This is just a wonderful, unpretentious jewel in Scottsdale.
Pretty awesome beers! Food is really different. Get the Tostadas!! They are good, great price too. 

Went there for my 40th birthday. We had a really a good time.
if you like PORK, stop here; Pork Shank, Pork Belly, Pork Burger....it goes on and on..my buddy was here on Wednesday, the 11th, and we came back on the 13th....Niman Ranch pork is featured heavily...but do not MISS the:
Duck Fat Fried, French Fries....only available after 10....

Christina was an amazing server: beautiful, funny, and so knowledgeable about the menu; ask for the owner, Keenan, to come out, a real true original...

Can not say enough; don't pass up the Elvis Dessert..

Happy holidays!!
I met up with a good buddy of mine for a little catchup, a little ambience, and some yummy food.  We were excited to try this place for the first time so here's how it turned out:

Great parking was a pleasant surprise when we arrived at 6 on a Friday night.  I live in Central Phoenix so hardly ever encounter that treat.

Got there before my buddy and was warmly greeted before being seated.  The interior was lovely, warmly lit, and had a nicely-moderated noise level (another pleasant surprise).  The patio had gas heaters and some comfortably upholstered seating so we settled in to get caught up.

I'm on a bourbon kick right now so my server recommended a delicious cocktail.  It also had Rye in it and was pink.  Yummy!  My pal had something equally delish with gin and blackberry.  Equally delish!

This joint has some signatures, one of which is tater tots.  The selection on Friday had baked beans with a side of barbecue sauce.  Wow, they are just yummy!

We both ordered a sandwich based on our server's suggestion.  It was a kind of pork burger, covered with bacon, and it was good.  My only quibble is that it seemed overly salty to me and may benefit from toppings that balance the pork out a bit.

We both had the fries and our server brought us both ketchup and barbecue sauce for dipping.  A nice gentleman came out to ask about our experience and he seemed genuinely interested in our feedback.

So....the next visit will be focused on tots, pink drinks, and a new treat.  I'm looking forward to it!
Oh my goodness,  that was a culinary experience.  

It's our last night in Scottsdale and after 10 pm. My husband says,  "I'm going to go get some food"  I told him that I wasn't hungry and to not get anything for me and I might just take a few bites of whatever he gets. Well, he knows me better than that, and brought home four boxes of food. 

We got the tot of the day which was a very good start to the meal followed by 1 order of the tongue pastrami sandwich and one order of the pork burger. The burger is called apocalypse sow. Hehe. 

I'm not really a fan of tongue so pastrami sandwich, while very good isn't something that I would order myself. The burger, however, was freaking fantastic! I have to say, I've never had a more balanced or better burger. It wasn't even beef! How can I dare say this? It was just that damn good. Soft bread, delicious caramelized onions, homemade bacon, that itself was to die for, and a deliciously seasoned patty. The best.

I would actually consider coming back to Scottsdale just eat this burger.
Holy pork. I'm laying here on the couch writing this review on my phone because I'm too full to move. 

We are staying at a nearby hotel and wanted something good but take-out friendly. Looking at their menu and yelp reviews, I was reminded of the Salty Sow in Austin, one of our favorite places. 

I ordered a couple of tots, the Apocalypse Sow burger, beef tongue Reuben. and seared carrot cake. 

Tots and Reuben were excellent but the burger and carrot cake really stole the show because they were a notably different and superior version of something I've eaten a thousand times.  

The ground pork of the Apocalypse Sow had a soft texture with a lot of flavor, and the bacon and caramelized onions worked well together.  Each ingredient was well executed, and even the accompanying pickle was delicious.

This carrot cake was actually pretty dark and thick, like a brownie consistency and not just your run-of-the-mill carrot cake slapped on a flat top.  I was hesitant to order it because of the whipped goat cheese (I usually don't like it), but the friendly and knowledgeable bartender talked me into it and I'm very glad I got it.  My favorite part of carrot cake is a real cream cheese frosting, and this did not disappoint in terms of creaminess or flavor. The candied carrots added a nice crunch factor.

We're already considering stopping by on the way to the airport tomorrow, if I'm able to eat again by then.
Awesome service.  The pork belly is so delicious, its ridiculous.  They make these tots with different ingredients everyday.  Ive had some with corned beef and cabbage, some with hot dogs and smoked gouda, and some other ones with like bleu cheese and bacon.  Best tater tots I have ever had.  They have an eclectic little stoner menu for late nights that is priced pretty well.  I suggest you smoke a j and head out here at like 11.  There is a patio outside and you can eat and smoke out there.  This place rocks.  Its definitely a cool kid spot.
This place is awesome. I had the cheese plate and mussels. The mussels were great until I had a bad one from the batch. I guess that's what can happen but it put a bad taste in my mouth for a couple hrs. Maybe a warning label???? Other than that I would go again but try something different
Service and staff were great. Very friendly and accommodating. However, The food was awful! The atmosphere was "OK" for the prices I expected a Lil more elegant space... From the outside it seems upscale, on the inside it feels like a comfortable dive type bar. Seems as though they're trying to create an upscale menu for "Scottsdale", but falls short in atmosphere, location and food. The fish was a small portion and a bit over cooked, the burger had a burnt grill taste and no mayo in the building??? and the Fries were WAAAAY overdone. When  we asked about it they said they were supposed to be that way... double fried :/ Yuck, and completely Inedible. Few beers on tap, and the four peaks beers come in a CAN... and it was Gross! Possibly there are other items on the menu that would be better But We are unwilling to give them another try at those prices. My suggestion is don't waste your money, there are better options in Scottsdale for price, atmosphere and comfort ability
P&P saved us weary travelers by being open Xmas Eve. Very friendly service, great split pea soup (which could have been hotter temp wise) and great pork carnitas with pickled veg. Burgers were good but not exceptional. Nice spot overall and a good location.
Reserved the private room for a Christmas party for 16 people.  It was perfect.  The menu selections were excellent and the manager was a pleasure to work with to plan the party.  
The huge hit of the night was the pork tostadas - it was served as an appetizer but I could have been satisfied just eating that for my whole dinner.  

Service was great.  House made cocktails were delicious.
There's lots of great reviews.  I just want to add
Best MaiTai I have had in Arizona. EVER.
This joint blew me away. It had a fresh vibe to it without being pretentious in the least. Our server Ryan S was laid back and fun with just the right amount of attentiveness. We had two coherent sammies, the apocalypse sow and madam croquet. They were also heaven on bread. Robust and complex but not overly done. Can't wait to go back!!
We trusted fellow Yelpers and we were not disappointed. This place was fabulous and we will eat here on future trips to Scottsdale. Great craft beers. We had wood oven roasted bone marrow and dump truck salad. Entrees were delish, too. We can't wait to try the Sunday brunch.
Food was ok but I expected a bit better. Ordered the pork burger and it was overflowing with ground pork - way too much. Salt overload. Fries weren't very good.  Cocktail was watered down and a rip off. An old-fashioned is not supposed to be as clear as water. 

I did see other things on the menu I'd like to try, but I think I'll stay away from cocktails and pork burger next time.
TO DIE FOR!!!! Place to go for a cheat meal!!! Talk about comfort food... I wish this place's atmosphere was nicer the food is surprisingly very gourmet and well thought out menus, service is excellent but the atmosphere is a little low budget... But still I enjoyed my experience here several times, not a place you want to go on a first date but more like the place you want to go with your best friend to pig out.. 
List of recommendations 
-The seared Carrot Cake. (pure orgasum in your mouth) 
-Macaroni and cheese (three cheese delight) 
- Tator tots (addictive)
Late night munchies? Need something sweet? Carrot cake extraordinaire! Lots of other wonderful things on the menu . . . but I just couldn't get past what wonderful things can be done to a lowly carrot. (Can I tell you I wanted to lick the plate?)

Watch out for the Bee Sting! It is appropriately named. 

Another great place that I knew nothing about. Geez. Thank goodness for friends who know all the best spots to indulge.
Holy wow! This restaurant is just a couple miles from my house, but I avoided it thinking it was some "hipster, fruiffy food" joint. Well, it kind of is, LOL. But SO delicious! From the decor to the food to the staff, everything about this place has made me a regular customer. Not somewhere you want to go if you're super-picky (you know who you are, "I wanna substitute everything" folks), but if you've got working taste buds, you are in for a treat. I had the Apocalypse Sow burger..... *drool* The french fries are some of the best I've had. My 2 year old loved the grilled cheese sandwich and (aside from the lack of a changing table in the bathroom), it was super family-friendly. They've got a bar set off to the side with two flatscreens to watch the games, and their drink menu is twice the size of their dinner menu, haha. Add a sweet side patio for outdoor dining, and it couldn't get much better than this!
This place is good.  Think it would do better if it was in a better location.  Food is good service was good. I'd come back again.
This is a cute little spot and much different than what I expected.  It has the laid back vibe of a BBQ joint, but with a dash of class. :)  It was my first time there and unfortunately I had already eaten dinner.  

Although I had already eaten I was not too shy to pick off of a friends plate. He had some sort of pork shank with mashed potatoes and kale, the kale was amazeballs!!!  I tried a bite of the snapper and just before I say something, I don't really care for fish.  The snapper wasn't fishy and had a lot of great flavor.  For those who don't typically eat fish let me warn you....it still had a head....like, with eyes and lips. :-o (similar to that.)

The bartender just so happened to also be....one of the owners. :)  He was very knowledgeable when it came to wine, mixing drinks, whiskey, bourbon...truthfully, I think he just knows his alcohol.  He was really friendly and chatty, but not too chatty. ;)  He made my friends a few mixed drinks recommended by him, they loved them all.  I stuck with the wine because I know I enjoy that stuff every time. 

Overall, it was a great experience it's too close to my house to not go back for a nice happy hour.  I recommend if you haven't been to at least try it out for some drinks and munchies.
Yikes!  Please allow 2+ hours for dining service...

The food is decent and the beer and wine selection is very good however I think the service needs a little attention.  There experience we had there was just... odd.  From the host taking our name for the wait (quoted 25; waited 45 - I get that it's an estimation, just communicate this with the guests).  There was a back room not being used for guest seating and someone had to bring us some chairs because my family and I were sitting up against a wall waiting for our table - the most odd thing about that was that was a perfect spot for some more tables and seating.  I've been there 2 times now and I really would like a good place to thrive there - I hope this feedback is some help...
The food was delicious! I had the hanger steak and Tony had the clams. He ate every single one!
I came here for the first time with my mom and my boyfriend based off a review in the Phoenix New Times. Right off the bat I loved this place. The decor is so cute, there are many pigs and pickles hanging around the dining room and the kitchen is open to the dining area which I love. Since my first time I've been here more than I can count and each time I've had the best food and have been waited on by the most knowledgeable and friendly staff ever. 

The food here changes with the seasons and they offer fresh and local dishes which is refreshing since I like to try new things. Honestly you could get anything on the menu and it will be the most delicious thing you've eaten.
Stopped by for brunch during the marathon. The food was alright; they really push the booze, however. Good for some, less for others.
There are so many places with great food in Scottsdale but few with the service that you get here.  Everyone treats you like a VIP
Don't get it. For a carne-based gastropub, the best menu item was our salad (which was much too large... over-compensating?).  Everything else was quite forgetable. Much better food at Salty Sow.
Delicious does not even begin to describe the delights that await you at Pig & Pickle. Great service, hip vibe, and YUM food. Pig delivers the Pig!! We enjoyed the charcuterie, the bone marrow, the pork tacos, the duck-fat fries, and the lovely libations. To say that we'll be back is an understatement. We'll be back about a hundred times every time we're cravin' bacon!!
Great setup in unassuming part of south Scottsdale.  Beer selection amongst the best I've seen.  Ambiance and service was top notch.  If you like great food(ie) food at a great price, live music and nice people give this place a try.
I came here with my parents and a friend, and we loved it! The croque madame with tater tots were amazing, although the tots were not a traditional deep fried potato tot, but more of a fried ball of mashed potatoes with hot dog somewhere in the mix. And, of course, being from California, we had to get TWO orders of foie gras (because it's illegal here), but so worth it. The bone marrow and lardo on toast were both very good, but what really stood out was the duck leg. My parents and I are hardcore foodies and it's hard to find duck that isn't dry and overcooked, but they did great! Overall, great staff and food, will definitely come back the next time we're in Arizona.
We always have such a great experience here!  My husband and I stopped in and ordered fairly simple dishes, but the food had that amazing foodie wow factor.

The dump truck salad was super simple - greens, sliced cauliflower, sliced carrots, baby tomatoes, radishes with a light, fresh dressing that added to the effect.  It was so fresh, it tasted like we were eating on a farm!  Perfect to split. 

The Friday fish fry (available all week) - their version of fish and chips - was some of the best I've ever had.  The descriptions of panko breading and vinegar flavor on the fries drew us out of our usual no-fry ordering.  Wow, this did not disappoint - fish cooked to perfection, bursting with light, fried flavor and the fries were lovely, as well!

Hurry in because the menu changes frequently, and this dish is worth the trip.  Ooh, and the service was impeccable, as usual!
I will try not to gush.  Early Valentines Day dinner with Spousal Unit. Pig & PIckle was his idea - all I thought was "oh, no, not another BBQ joint".  PRAYER ANSWERED!!  Definitely NOT another "anything" this place is UNIQUE.

1. Public parking lot - No valet YAY huge plus!
2. Open floor plan, comfortable space between tables - full view of kitchen which is like watching a silent culinary opera, those guys are inspired (and quiet!)
3. Old Skool Cocktail menu - THANKS for the inspiration, I am terrible at ordering cocktails unless prompted by a creative menu listing.  I got something with Gin & Absinth in it and it complemented my meal perfectly!

French Press Coffee.  I'm a believer now, so fresh it made my tastebuds smile.
Carrol Cake.  It's a deconstructed, fresh ingredient, dessert experience.
Pork Tostado Starter.  and Finisher. and In-Betweener.  We could make a meal of this item. The pork is almost creamy and the kimchi is nicely handled!
Tot O' The Day -  a creamy crusty ball of potato love.

He had a pork burger? with bacon? and cheese? what's not to love, something about the way his eyes rolled back in his head told me it was a culinary win!
and finally..............Duck on cassoulet. Scrumptious.  Took the advice of my server to add the Foie Gras.  Oh My.  My Oh My. Yes.

Service was attentive, not pretentious, friendly, helpful - these people love their menu and We Do Too.  EAT LOCAL!  DRINK OLD SKOOL COCKTAILS!
Food and adventure, and beer combine in a joyous conflux.
The flavors, and personalities are such that they provide for a wonderful foray in modern gastronomy
Very decadent!
We loved everything we had (except for the rocky road dessert).

The casoulet was perfect.
The fish and chips were a little too simple for me. I would have preferred a true tartar sauce rather than the basic mayo I got.
The apocalypse sow burger was very tasty.
I love this restaurant.  Been here twice and everything we had was delicious.  Portions are on the larger size.  Prices are reasonable.  Food is fresh and always well prepared.  The bread board is a NOT MISS.  I'm also a big fan of the smoked salmon app on the oversized tater tot.  Their tater of the day is fun, cheap, and worth a try.  When we ordered a side of bacon, they literally brought out a PLATE full of it.  For $3.  SCORE!!

Now taking reservations for parties of 5 or more!
The service is very slow.  Takes a while before they acknowledge you even.  The bartender is quite "full of himself".  Asked for a gin called #209 and he scoffed and said it was not worthy of their drink program.  Since we live close by I asked if he would bring it in....long stare and a flat "NO" and then he walked away.  tisk-tisk  I am the one paying the bill.  Put me off and no desire to return.  Their Mai Tai was expensive but  pretty tasty.  

The food is creative, too bad it is being ignored due to lousy service and huffy head-bartenders.
I want to go back and see if my second time in the restaurant is as good as the first because if it is I may never eat anywhere else. From appetizers to dessert everything was mouth watering. Comfort food at its finest.
This place is my jam. It's fantastic. Excellent cocktails awesome food. Ownership is amazing and the staff loves their jobs. It's at the top of my list for gastro pub dining in Phoenix. Get the five cheese plate and add foie gras, and the aper rye sour is out of this world!
Amazing food amazing service lovely craft beer options we will be back every time we are in Scottsdale. Kudos to you guys you are doing it right 
As a side note we had the 
shredded pork tostada added pork belly
smoked salmon 
brussel sprouts 
pot roast sandwich 
Friday night fish fry 
Nancy sandwich 
burger 
and several beers all of which was amazing
I have been four times since my original 4 star review.  This is now my go to spot to bring visitors from out of town.

Still, the strip mall appearence on the outside is the only distraction.  Once you go through the doors, it is a culinary explosion in your mouth.  

Great food, well thought out.  I am big fan of pigs and pickles and they do not fail to deliver here.  I have even been for a beer 4 course meal that was fun and adventerous.

I am heading there tonight to take my mother for her fiirst stop.

TIP - leave room for dessert, they have some wonderful creations.
The food is eclectic, original, flavorful and never disappointing. The dump truck salad, the duck confit poutine, the pickled everything...all amazing. The servers are fun and knowledgeable, the bartenders have a heavy hand (who doesn't love that!), they're open late and the atmosphere is laid back. All great things in a restaurant. If you decide to try this place, order their carrot cake for dessert. You'll being sending me a thank you message!
We had heard great things about this place so were excited to give it a try. 

Unfortunately it was one thing after another. 

- Bored hostess could barely summon the Energy to welcome us.
- A server that had paid no attention to our table and when he did seemed to be very distracted. 
- Over hyped tater tots were average at best. 
- Slow roasted pork was bland and without any typical characteristics that we were looking forward to. 
- Tasteless fish and chips. I know the fish isn't meant to be that strong a flavor but you're meant to taste something right?
- White wine that came out tepid and once cheap wine gets warm it's undrinkable. 

You get the idea. It was a big disappointment.
Pig & Pickle, how you make me so happy!  This is my go to spot. The food is delicious and the staff is pretty good.  As someone who works in the industry I like that they stay open late to accomodate the night shift people.  Bf and I came here a long time ago based on yelp reviews and we've been coming back time and time again.

We've tried almost everything on the regular menu. Unfortunately, since our schedules have changed we haven't been able to enjoy the after 10pm menu in awhile.  You cant go wrong with the pork liver smear, bone marrow, and the newer pork belly starters.  The burger, hanger steak, and duck are amazing as well.  Large selection of beers and signature cocktails (with a good twist on some classics).  I think they make their own flavored bourbon, too.

I highly recommend this place. I've recommended it to people many times already.
We came here for happy hour (daily 4-6pm!).  We sat at one of the tall tables near the bar instead of at the bar itself. Our server was friendly and efficient. 

I enjoyed the Tarragon Lemonade (Tarragon Gin, Tarragon Syrup, Fresh Sour) but thought it could use a counterpoint to balance the flavors - maybe rosemary or lavender?  The Bramble On (Gin, Blackberry syrup, fresh lime) was also tasty.  

We tried the pork shoulder tostadas (ginger aioli, kimchi, scallions), the house made charcuterie, and the beer cheese with stuff to dip it in.  The pork shoulder tostadas were good and I enjoyed the beer cheese but the charcuterie was just ok.

I would come back here, especially for happy hour right after work.
After hearing about the creative and delicious dishes at Pig & Pickle and learning about the Chefs' commitment to local produce, handcrafted cocktails, homegrown herbs, and fresh baked breads, I was excited to finally visit P&P to celebrate a friend's birthday. 

Our server, Cat, was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She was encouraging of us trying new things without being "pushy" which was quite refreshing. We ordered a round of cocktails and everyone was quite pleased with the humorously named drinks: "Red Headed Stepchild" (which came with a Sour Patch Kid!), "Salty Dog" (vodka, black/white hawaiian sea salts, fresh grapefruit) and the "Maggie" (homemade triple-sec and Hawaiian Sun strawberry/passionfruit juice - delicious but not too sweet). I ordered the "Bramble On" (gin, blackberry, lime juice, soda) because it sounded creative and refreshing, but since I'm not a "gin girl" I didn't find it quite as tasty as the other drinks. 

The favorite appetizers that the group tried were the Pork Belly Tostadas ($9 for two large tostadas) and the Fried Brussels Sprouts with Asiago and a Farm Fresh Egg ($7). The Butternut Squash Soup with toasted pepitas was so delicious that I was glad that I had a small bowl for myself that I didn't have to share! 

A specialty item on the menu tonight was Trotter Stuffed with Fennel Sausage. "Pied de Cochon," as this delicacy is known in France, is French for Pigs' Trotters or Pigs' Feet - yep, feet! Not surprisingly, this part is typically thrown away by butchers, but apparently this can be quite appetizing when it's prepared correctly (bones removed, cooked for hours, etc.). I don't love pork, so I passed on the opportunity to try this dish. The meat-lovers in the group tried the stuffed trotter and were disappointed that it wasn't quite as tender as expected, though they raved about the fennel sausage and the raspberry sauce that accompanied the dish. Our server noticed that most of the dish was left untouched and when she heard it wasn't quite as expected, she apologized and took it off our bill. 

The main dishes were the the show stoppers of the night! The Golden Beet Salad ($9) was artfully presented and deliciously prepared with candied pecans, watercress, bleu cheese crema, and pomegranate seeds. The sandwiches or "sammies" come with your choice of fries, small "dump truck" salad, or tots for an extra $1. With all the other appetizers, two people split the "Nancy" (brie, avocado, tomato and shaved red onion on garlic rubbed bread) and were quite satisfied with the sammie and salad. 

The birthday girl selected the "Chocolate Mud Cake" for dessert, which was beautifully presented with a candle and chocolate garnish on the side. The chocolate cake was moist, rich and delicious with a hint of sea salt that was nicely paired with a scoop of butter pecan ice cream. 

After a fun birthday celebration that excited our taste buds, I'd love to come back to P&P to sample more of the menu and enjoy the happy hour pricing (4-6 pm daily).
When it initially opened I gave it three stars.  It's been 4 or 5 stars since that time with a changing menu and great service.  Recently we had a group of eight dine there.  About half the people got sick.  It must have been one of the starter plates.  We had the salmon (one of our favorites), charcuterie and cheese plates. Nothing tasted off.   I'll still go there because the food, drinks and service are great, but I'm wondering who else got sick?
Perfect place for beer snobs! I was a bit intimidated by the menu, but the waitress was knowledgeable and helped me choose something my picky, vegetable loving self would eat. P.S. The art on the walls is on point!
Awesome place to eat and drink. Service is great and the owner Clayton is super helpful. Will definitely eat here again.
Service is slow. Forgot to refill waters. The pork marrow was pricey and disappointing. Pork liver was ok. The pork tostada literally smelled like my friends dirty Great Dane. It was very unpleasant . My entree was pulled pork sandwich and was also disappointing . It had too much melted oily cheese and too much bread. This place could put less serving on plates. Too much food that tastes bad.
So, Pig & Pickle is pretty good. Stopped in for dinner one night with friends. We got there between 7 and 8 on a Saturday night. We were able to get a table for 4 without a wait. The air in the restaurant was a bit stuffy and warm, but it was nicely decorated.

I asked for a diet Coke but was told they only have Coke Light, which is a lower calorie version of Coke. There's 111 calories in the bottle. The server told me they don't have diet Coke because they try to have more healthy menu items. Fair enough - aspartame isn't great, but some of the menu items are so decadent and heavy with butter, etc. that I found his comment about the diet Coke a little amusing.

I had the shrimp and grits. It was good, but I didn't think the seasoning was anything extraordinary. I also thought the portion was a bit small given the price. My husband had the Monte Cristo, which he thought was pretty good; it didn't wow him, and it was extremely heavy. My friends had the pot roast sandwich, which was good, and the duck, which they said was amazing. The accompanying salad for the sandwich had a dressing which was kind of oily and lacking flavor.

Service was good; our drinks were never empty and our waiter was able to make some good recommendations on the menu. I think some of the entrees were OK, and one was wow. The prices were a little high for some dishes, and reasonable for others. Overall, I think 3 stars is appropriate. I guess I just don't get the hype, but I wouldn't mind stopping in again. The fact that the menu rotates on a frequent basis is enough to make me come in for a different meal and give it another try, because I think the restaurant is promising.
Been here many many times. I feel like I am back in San Francisco where I are and lived for 10 years. Good food that is inventive and made with things that are available locally. The decor is very appropriate. The prices are very reasonable and they have an awesome happy hour! 

My personal favorite dish... The duck. It is always cooked to perfection and the price any be beat. 

This is a local neighborhood gem and I am so thankful I love right down the street.
As a foodie I LOVED this place. Bone marrow! Charcuterie, their own pickled eggs...and hard-to-find beers on tap. They grow their own herbs, they source locally, AND the prices were lower than many other restaurants around the Scottsdale area. Oh yes...the breads were amazing! 

The wait staff...fun and informative, but SLOW. Like 15-minutes-to-get-a-drink slow. And it wasn't very busy. So that's the only reason it got 4 out of 5 stars. The next time I go back (and I will go back), if the service is faster, I'll up this to 5 stars.
What an interesting piggy place!! Haha / I mean that in a food sense and not in a selfish sense. 

Anyway, the giant branded P&P pig on the wall just jumps out when you walk in.  The staff wore shirts with the phrase "Chicks dig the belly." Pretty funny! Friendly staff. TVs near to watch sports.  

Then comes the food. :) 
Starters: pork belly, chick pea pancake, Harissa, blue cheese n fig. 
-This was a great combination put together. The pork belly was good but I've had ones that was more prepared to melt in the mouth. 

Soup & Salad: golden beets, watercress, frisée, blue cheese crema, candied pecans, pomegranate, grape molasses with a side of pork belly.
- Yummy in my tummy! This gives a balance of light but filling plate. 

The Big Show: grilled hangar steak with fingerling potatoes, spinach, pickled beech mushrooms, chimichurri sauce 
- Made medium well. Slight red. A little tough but probably don't wanna send it back just in case - ya know? 

Sammies: smoked pot roast, caramelized onions, havarti, horseradish cream on white  hoagie bread with side of dump truck fries
- Pot roast tasted like any other pot roast. Some pieces were moist. Others were dry. Caramelized onions are always a must. The fries were like any other fries too. Overall content. :) 

Sweets: chocolate pecan pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream
- This is new for me and a win. Delighted with "new." 

On the way out I just noticed a cute little piggy bank sitting on an entrance barrel. (Don't know how I missed that. Oh yeah- the gigantic P&P pig on the wall!!). Almost wanted to take it but of course I won't! 

A place to enjoy pork belly!! ;)
P &P's Easter brunch...in a word: Awesome! Fabulous spread with biscuits and gravy, eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, baked items and salmon with capers. My favorite was the goat cheese focaccia. Plus you could order from the menu their signature P&P Benedict, a non meat Benedict, farmers omelet or waffles. And of course their famous $5 mimosas and bloody Mary's along with a fabulous list of craft beers. And...wait for it...the price? Just $25 per person! So the brunch for 2, 2 bloody Mary's and 2 craft beers plus generous tip: only $90!
Great food, great service. Came for my birthday and they did not disappoint!  Highly recommend!
I thought I loved this place for dinner. Great pork menu items and yummy drinks with desserts to die for (I'm talking to you carrot cake!) but the Sunday brunch here is apparently a well kept secret. Forget the hour long waiting you find a mile away in old town and go here! Croque Madame was delish as was the p&p benedict!! Can't wait to go back for all the menu items that didn't make the first cut!
5 stars is easy, the unbelievable selection of beer, wines & whiskey makes this an automatic. Selections you are going to have a lot of trouble finding elsewhere. Limited food menu but should please anyone. Wife was worried, but Shawn suggested the Monte Cristo and it was the best one she ever had. They make their own bread. I had the Apocalypse sandwich, nothing you can compare it to but the world's best burger, and this one is made with pork. If you are a night owl, this is the only place to go.
Oh my gosh...the late night menu was some of the best food of my life. The tacos are amazing, I would kill for them! The vinegar pie is excellent, such a bright clear strawberry taste. I love that the menu changes daily, its a great way to try new things at a place where you know you'll get phenomenal service. I can't wait to go back and try out some of the cocktails!
Love this place. Dog friendly ... Rotating beers on draft. The staff is super knowledgable about the menu. Menu is a little weird but every thing I've had so far was good. I recommend this place! Chill environment - definitely would visit again.
Keep doing what you are doing and I'll keep coming back.  But please don't clear my plate while my date is still enjoying her food.
Outstanding! The pork burger was fantastic as well as the interestingly fabulous pork tostados!
I can't say enough great things about my first dinning experience at Pig and Pickle! I have wanted to try this place since they opened since it's a mile from my house, boy am I glad I did and sorry I waited so long! 

Since it was so nice out my girlfriend and I decided to sit on the patio. Our server came over and loved his dry sense of humor! We got a few recommendations on the cocktails which every ingredient is made FRESH!!! I had the Pineapple Express and she had the Tropical Itch. They were both awesome!

Our server told us about the Tots and they are made fresh and different daily! We each tried one (they are huge like meatballs). OMG AMAZING!!!!

She was going to get the Fish Fry and I was going to get the Littleneck Clams but he reccommeded we eat something they are known for since it was our first time. I agreed. I was looking at the Duck Breast and he said it was great so I decided on that and my girlfriend got another pork dish that was stuffed (can't remember the name). OMG my duck was outstanding! One of the best dishes I can say I've had in quite a long time! I'm still craving it!!!!!

This is a great spot for late night eats/drinks or dinner. The service was great as well as the food. I would suggest this place to anyone and can't wait to go back soon!!!
Very good. A lil Ma's day brunch. Buffet style goodness. Bloody Mary yes please. Not the normal routine. I am very pleased can't wait to have some more.
FOODIE delight! Ambience is nice, casual and a bit noisy; it's a social hub in the dining room and the bar. A few on the patio. Menu changes often at the whim of the Chef, so your favorite might not be on the menu....opening your mind to a NEW favorite. Service is friendly, but not overwhelming and since the menu is very creative, the server has knowledge to guide you. 
This is my 2nd time here and I will be back with friends.
I love you guys.  You make my heart and stomach so happy.  That being said, this place really cares about who is walking in, sitting down and dining.  I only eat at the bar.  The reason?  I'll tell you why.  I always meet someone interesting.  I always make a friend.  I always find something new menu item from my friends at the bar.  

Pssst.  If you like foie, get your ass over here.  It's not a sin.  They do it right.  Don't believe all that PETA propaganda either.  

Tostadas.  Man.  I could live inside that little cocoon of shredded pork for the rest of my life.  

Salmon.  Damn.  They do it right.  Smoked, white pickles onions on top of a mashed potato pancake sprinkled in Panko breadcrumbs.  I love you guys.  You make me weep.  I'm yours forever.
Checked out the P&P for restaurant week.  We arrived early and decided to test out the happy hour specials at the bar before having dinner.

There are lots of apps for about $5 to sample during happy hour.  I recommend the beer cheese.  It was really good.  The charcuterie board was pretty good as well though I didn't care for jam.  The HH drink specials were ok with drinks and beer in the $5 range.  Might as well stick with the liquor.  

The main event came around and I couldn't do the 3 course restaurant week menu on the account of the appetizers at the bar.  I opted for the Apocalypse sow (pork burger with bacon).  I wasn't in love with it.  I'd recommend going for the regular burger with a big slice of pork belly added on.  It'd be a $1 cheaper and better.  The rest of the party ordered various things, including the restaurant week menu.  The marrow bones looked great, the crispy chicken received good reviews, and the $2.50 cans of Hamm's were certainly enjoyed.  For dessert, the Elvis was probably the one that went over the best.

All in all, the P&P has a great atmopshere, creative food, and good specials.  I'll definitely be back.
Awesome! Dog friendly patio! Double awesome. The food was absolutely fantastic. I nibbled on a few items and was very impressed with the quality. Everything a pork lover could want. They even brought my dog a home-made peanut butter bacon treat! Excellent beer selection and the patio. Our server was Ashley and she was very attentive and made great recommendations on IPA's. I was really stoked when she split up our check even when we had split entire dishes she broke each check down to exactly what we had! You had me at bacon jelly. Awesome.
I don't think I even know where to start.  The staff was excellent and the food even better.  I had bone marrow for the first time....but definitely not the last.  This will definitely be somewhere I will frequent.  Porchetta was the bomb!
These little piggies waddled all the way home...only after savoring the pork tostadas, shrimp and grits, apocalypse sow,  and "the nancy". Try the tots too. Holy pig! This place is good!
Food/drinks/staff/music on Friday night were great and worth 5 stars. Only subtracted a star based on location. This place is too good to be in a strip mall with its patio beside a busy road. To the food... Pork belly and gator bites were excellent but a little over priced at $12 a pop. Hanger steak was great and cooked to a perfect medium rare. Great drink selection and if ordering dessert make sure to get the seared carrot cake. Mississippi mud pie was good too but carrot cake was GREAT.
Had our last dinner of the night before we left Arizona the next day. Boyfriend came across this cute place called "Pig & Pickles". We came on a Monday night of Memorial Day, assuming that everyone has work the next day, this place was pretty empty around 9pm. 

We did not know they were part of the Arizona Restaurant week, so we were curious of what they had for it. After overlooking menu, it was $30 per person for 3 course, so we each decided to get it and share.

First Course:
+ roasted bone marrow+green garlic & spring onion compote 
Two bone marrows were served under green garlic spring onions and a side of sliced bread. Delicious when you scoop some marrow onto the bread then add a bit of the green garlic spring onion and yum

+mushroom crostini+pistachio pesto
Mushroom crostini in pistachio pesto was served on top of two sliced toast. Mushrooms well sauteed and the flavors were good.

Second Course: 
+ the dump truck' - mixed lettuces, shaved veggies, seeds, cucumber and shallot vinaigrette 
Loved how the dressing was light and everything was fresh.

+wedge salad - bacon, egg, cucumber, tomato, radish and buttermilk bleu cheese
Not a bleu cheese person, however, boyfriend enjoyed it. You can request to put the dressing on the side. Crunchy wedges!

Third Course:
crispy skin chicken - bacony red potatoes, creamed leaks, arugula
Chicken was flavorful and very crispy. You just need to take a small piece of the chicken and eat it with the potatoe, creamed leaks and arugula.

+ pork porchetta - roasted pork belly, homemade sausage, creamed corn, heirloom tomato & arugula
Heaven in your mouth! A thick slice of pork belly wrapped around homemade sausage and served with creamed corn? The combination was just perfection. This is a must get if you love pork belly. 

Overall, we loved our meals and sure did get full off of it. The meals were big and we were informed that we can purchase one restaurant of the week and share among two people, so it'll save you some bucks.
I've been here twice now and this time the whole restaurant was redone and I REALLY love how they've redecorated! It's got a very cool, welcoming vibe and I will definitely return.

There are a couple of reasons I didn't 5-star this beauty. One: slow bartenders who don't greet you at all. You just sit there like an idiot until you're so dehydrated you ask for something to quench your thirst. NO BUENO. Socializing with everyone while a customer waiting for a drink is just bad form. Two: very, and I mean very, limited vegetarian menu. And while I get that 'pig' is in the name, not everyone participates in the eating of your cloven hoofed animal. So please expand that, it would be so awesome.

So, to get down to it. I sat at the bar and once I finally got my drink everything moved pretty smoothly. Good beer selection, by the way. Not original, but no Coors Light here so I consider it a good selection. I ordered some delicious fried Brussels sprouts with asiago & a farm fresh egg and let me tell you, that was probably the best I've ever eaten. I have no idea where my aversion to BR's came from. Probably because my mom didn't do them P&P style. DO NOT MISS THESE. 

For dinner I had ratatouille with a blob of goat cheese in the middle. Not a great taste at all. I wouldn't have even ordered it had there been a bigger variety of veggie dishes to choose from and you can sure bet I won't order it again. It was odd. I don't even know who made this dish up, blech. At any rate it was P&P so they did make it better than any other place I've eaten it (the very few times I have) so there's that. Their menu changes often so hopefully they'll incorporate better selections.

All in all it's got a great vibe and for you meat eaters this place will seem like culinary heaven. It's a definite keeper for the ambiance alone!
This restaurant was highly recommended to me and my family, so we decided to try venturing outside of our comfort zone and trying a new restaurant. As the name implies, the menu is mainly focused on meat and pickled items. I had the pork belly that was to die for. My dad had the pork burger - topped with bacon, it seemed like an item from the Heart Attack Grill's menu, but he thoroughly enjoyed it. P&P has a great beer and wine list. Very friendly service and a relaxed atmosphere. We'll be back when we're in the area again!
So I love pigs and pickles, so I decided to make my way out with a rather beautiful lady type (shwing). We got here and the place was
I have been wanting to try Pig & Pickle for some time now. Luckily, since my co-workers know I'm a foodie, they gifted me $50 giftcard to try Pig & Pickle. I grabbed my husband and we hustled down for Happy Hour. Happy Hour runs from 4 - 6pm daily and they have plenty of appetizers for $5 and numerous drink choices. Since we wanted to make the most of our experience, we ordered three items off the Happy Hour menu. 

First, we ordered pork tacos. I am not going to lie - these were the best thing we ate all night. If we had only ordered the tacos, we would have been in hog heaven - pun intended. The pork was flavorful and spicy with a tender slice of avocado on top. Only two came to an order, but they were perfectly delicious. After trying the other menu items, I wish we had just ordered more of the tacos.

Next, we ordered the pork tostadas. This was pork shoulder with ginger aioli, kimchi, and scallions. The pork, while extremely tender, was flavorless. The kimchi (pickled cabbage) was off putting - after one bite, I picked all the kimchi off. Even my husband, who normally likes kimchi, commented on how off it tasted. Needless to say, we were not impressed.

For our final appetizer, we ordered the chef's choice house made charcuterie. This came with some pickled vegetables, several meats, a spicy mustard, a bacon jam, and two types of bread. Let me just say, the house made bread was fantastic. It was soft and flavorful. My husband enjoyed the bacon jam and I liked the spicy mustard. The pickled vegetables were meh. (There were pickled pearl onions, pickled green beans, and to quote the waitress, "pickled pickles".) I don't remember the exact names of the types of meat except there were three of them - one being a pork sausage. Again, we weren't very impressed with the selection.

For dinner, my husband ordered the littleneck clams with chorizo and a side of pork belly. The clams were in a white wine sauce with herbs and tomatoes. I tried a slice of the chorizo and it was tasty, but overall my husband didn't really like the meal. Even the pork belly, which he loves, was just "okay". 

I ordered the smoked pot roast sandwich. This came with Havarti, caramelized onions, and creamy horseradish on a hoagie roll. I had the option of French fries or a small salad and decided to go with the fries. The fries were both good and bad at the same time. They had a nice flavor to them, but they didn't seem cooked all the way through. You know how you bake a potato and sometimes the inside isn't cooked - it's in that half stage of being slightly tender but chewy? That's how all the fries were. Which is definitely not the norm for fries but it was so odd that I kept eating them, trying to see if it was all of them or just one. (It was all of them.) The sandwich also gave me mixed feelings. The roast itself was tender but flavorless. When combining all the sandwich flavors, it actually tasted good. (The onions really complimented the roast and the horseradish gave everything a spicy kick.) Overall, it was a decent sandwich but nothing to rave about.

In the end, we used our entire giftcard. My husband commented that he was glad we had a giftcard so we could try everything but that he wouldn't go back. I agreed and we probably won't be back. Mainly, the food was just "okay" (except  the tacos - if you do go, get the tacos) and the restaurant is about 30 minutes away from us. It's hard to justify driving 30 minutes for "okay" food. The service was nice. Our waitress was attentive, friendly, and prompt. She helped us decide on what to order when we had questions and gave us her opinion on dishes.

Overall, the restaurant is a neat idea - everything is house made and fresh but the execution/flavor was just lacking. If we are ever in the neighborhood, we might give it a second chance but who knows when that will be.
I'd give it 5 stars but for a few little glitches. Service was outstanding & the food was nearly perfect but for a few inconsistencies- too few broccoli in 1 soup & too much in another.  There were unopened clams & tons of celery in the clams. Besides that we loved the tots and the bone marrow. I've had marrow many times, including in France, and this was my favorite preparation. Luscious! Other favorites were the burgers, brisket, and steak. I loved the salad too. The beer list was exceptional but they only had 6 wines by the glass. All the desserts were wonderful. Favorites were the Elvis & the chocolate cake. We can't wait to go back again.
I don't think I'm quite sophisticated enough to eat here.  The food was very well prepared and a lot of thought was put into it, I just couldn't understand what the hell I was ordering from the menu, ingredients and items I've never heard of before.  

The food seemed like something you'd get a way high end restaurant, which I guess this is, but being in a strip mall gives the wrong impression completely.   My girlfriend is in love with the place so I'm sure we'll be back.
I really like the concept of this place - meat and pickles, sour and sweet, everything made in-house.  Even the drink names are great.

Pig & pickle has a bit of an identity crisis though.  It's like casual pizzeria meets upscale gastro pub combined with anything pig related.  On the walls you'll find local art you can purchase and on the bar shelf you'll see are two plastic pigs humping.   

The servers are very knowledgeable about food and are quite helpful, yet the bartenders goof around as if they are coffee baristas.

The drink menu's are awesome and the food choices are some of my favorite.  Unfortunately while the menu looks great, the food fails to deliver.  Love bone marrow - just not here.  It could have used some more time and the whatever bread crumb topping just didn't go.  In-house chorizo - nice touch - but I've had better at breakfast joints.

I really wanted to give this place 4 stars because it's the kind of place I like.  Underwhelming food made me want to give it 2 stars.

The charcuterie was great though - variety of meats and pickles - that deserves a star in itself.
He Who must Eat suggested we have brunch at P&P so he had the huevos rancheros I had the rainbow valley farmers cheese blintz... I loved mine but I really craved his! Tasty - rancheros, just right spice with the chorizo the eggs melded all together. So the bloody sconnie was blended to perfection - not too spicy but a good kick. 
Not to mention the best service ever!!!
Amazing food and booze experience! Can't wait to come back!!

Perfect service and perfect music/vibes!
Even better than I expected. Casual great atmosphere with top notch happy to be working there service and food that really nails it. We were lucky enough to get Chris as our waiter who dealt with my unusual indecision by reading my mind and suggesting something served there but not on the menu called "The Chris sandwich."  I can only say if you love meat as I do (To give you an idea I'm half Greek so if you don't eat well prepared Lamb a minimum of once a month ya get kicked right outa the Family) AND indulging into decadence beyond measure occasionally, this sandwich is for you. It literally had me tear up. Please understand I'm way beyond "A foodie". The layers of meat and Foi Gras are so well done that it made me realize how incredibly lucky so many of us are to be able to have the opportunity to seek and get work and afford to indulge in such decadent food at such a reasonable price. If you had a good hard work out that day the food buzz afterwards somehow perfectly borders food coma but doesn't enter it. This sandwich made me love my country and life more. Trust me, it's that good. 
Thanks Chris.
Another winning restaurant for Scottsdale! Great beer and great food! What more can you ask!
OMG. Go eat here if you want your taste buds to thank you!!!

Start off with the Brussels Sprouts with a fried egg. 

Save room for the savory Carrot Cake.
Absolutely amazing carrot cake! Chip the Waiter was awesome...! We will be back...!..........
.......
.....

.....


........
Went here for first time a month ago, astonishing! The menu, service and beer were great. I'm a huge whiskey enthusiast and they have a great selection. I enjoyed this place and I will be going back for more pot roast sandwich.....for sure!!!
Food was great but the dinning room was not inviting and the staff was not that inviting either.  Go there for the food not the experience.
Definitely a different menu, but man the food is totally awesome.  Small bar, but has great bartenders and beer selection.
Very impressed with the new Proof Canteen.  Excellent menu, fair prices and good service.  My wife and I both enjoyed our choices for dinner. The only negative was that it was very noisy during the dinner hour.
How refreshing to have a good old fashioned American style restaurant in the area!  From traditional milkshake making machines to a soda jerk station & drink menus inside of a license plate jacket...the focus is definitely on an American theme. I ordered a Shrimp Pop' Boy sandwich which included more than enough shrimp on a delightfully fresh baguette & a mixed green salad.  The wait staff is still clearly learning the ropes, but very service oriented & eager to please.  Hubby ordered the pulled pork sandwich & requested gluten free bread with hand cut fries.  He almost licked his plate!  The French fries were to die for...wish I had ordered them instead of the mixed green salad!  OK, the prices are a little higher than some place like Red Robin, but they use the freshest, locally made ingredients & make their own ice cream, which isn't full of stabilizers & other crap. Plus, it IS part of the Four Seasons resort, so one would expect the the prices & quality to be higher, both successfully accomplished!  I was given a sample of their home made peppermint patty, which is used in some of their desserts...I thought I had died & gone to heaven!  The chocolate was divine & the filling was lovely & creamy.  I suggested they just add a plate of those to their menu, for folks who were too full to consume a milkshake...hope they do!  I will definitely be back & am anxious to try the lobster roll!
Remarkable updated and cool. 
Delicious foods (save room for dessert) dozens of craft beers loads of TV's for sports fans but best of all Four Seasons Service. Try it. It's an amazing evolution from the prior Grill.
Subpar! Feels like a Cracker Barrel that serves dinner. Not worth $. Menu was POORLY executed! Sounded good on paper (& that's a stretch) tasted horrid!  I would expect better from a Four Seasons...
Although a chilly evening, patio dining was perfectly comfortable with electric heaters strategically placed in the ceiling above. Oversized scarves/wraps were available if necessary. Love that extra touch! 

Appetizers:  Fried Green Tomatoes w/ Crab Remoulade and BBQ Rib Bites. The tomatoes were heirloom which I think stood up well to the cornmeal and frying. The flavors were great, but I think the portion size was a little on the skimpy side. Definitely wasn't large enough to share alone. The rib bites were served in a small cast iron skillet. These babies were fall-off-the-bone tender and very flavorful. I had to hold back to save room for dinner! 

Dinner: I ordered the Chicken And Waffles w/ Bacon Brittle, Peach Bourbon Syrup, Cayenne Maple Butter. 

Let me just say...I consider myself somewhat of a connoisseur when it comes to chicken and waffles...and Chef Jesse got it right on the money!! If you prefer BONELESS fried chicken on a BELGIAN waffle...go elsewhere for the Gringo version. But if you want an AUTHENTIC Southern preparation and flavors with an updated twist, this is the place!

The chicken had a substantial, crispy batter and the meat was juicy and tender on the inside. It was served on top of a large, thin & tender waffle. But what made this dish extra special (can I underline extra special?) was the bacon brittle garnish and the cayenne maple butter. The cayenne butter replaced the hot sauce that I would have normally requested. It was buttery, spicy and perfectly balanced to the sweet bourbon syrup. And since I was going all out- I ordered the ham hock southern greens on the side. They were smokey, tender and very flavorful. I would have preferred a TAD bit of pot liquor though. "Pot liquor" is the seasoned liquid left after boiling greens. Otherwise, I was impressed Chef Jesse! Very impressed! 

My colleague ordered the Blackened Salmon with Mixed Greens and Crispy Grit Croutons. In case you don't know what grits are, its just hominy. Sister to polenta. How cool of the Chef to make croutons out of it. Wow! I didn't try this dish personally, but let's just say he practically licked the plate. 

Wine: Try the 2009 Iconoclast Cabernet. Great value by the bottle and incredibly smooth. 

Desert: Spiked Root Beer Float. To my surprise, it was served with big nut-less brownie bites on top. Took me back to being a kid! 

I thought the atmosphere was warm and inviting...buzzing even. It was family and group friendly. The server's uniforms were attractive and the service was very friendly. 

Enjoy!
My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out last Sunday. We had been up to Four Seasons before to check out the view and get some drinks, and we liked it, so when we heard about Proof opening there, we wanted to go check it out. We liked it except for the prices. They had a great bottle selection, and an ok tap list (although I was disappointed the beer I ordered on tap had been replace with something else). My boyfriend was impressed that they had Pappy Van Winkle available. The food was really yummy, and we were able to order a Monte Cristo for brunch and split it and it was plenty of food. They even split it on two plates for us (great presentation!). However, we couldn't believe that when we ordered their donut holes - we only got 3 donut holes for $8! What a rip-off. Good food, decent beer selection, but definitely overpriced for what you get. Also, parking was very confusing. It's quite a hike if you park in the lot, but you can valet and I think we accidentally parked in the valet lot.
Nobody is sadder than I am to say "so-so", or as Yelp so eloquently puts it, Meh. Had an early lunch there; few vegetarian items to choose from on the cheesy menu (everything has some cutesy name). The veggie sandwich came on unbilled, unmentioned rye bread. Yuck! My husband's meat burger came with bacon, which was mentioned on the menu, but the surprise was that the bacon was breaded (think fried green tomatoes, or tempura). Weird. However, the chips that came with the sandwich were great. Yes, the best part of my Four Seasons lunch was the chips. Also, my chair was stained with red wine (and again, I was there at lunch, so this must have happened last night), yuck, and the server was all about the hard upsell.  Wouldn't go back, and am pleased that at least I got to use a gift card instead of our own hard earned cash.
Went to Proof in the Four Seasons last night for the first time. It is billed as a "canteen" with comfort food from America. The atmosphere is casual and relaxing. Great selection of craft beers. The menu is most eclectic with selections that include AZ Gumbo, Beer Can Chicken, and Chicken and Waffles. While the food is interesting some of the mixtures seemed forced.
Epic about sums it up. This is the more casual restaurant at The Four Seasons resort. The views of Pinnacle Peak are unmatched and the food is also incredible. The burger is simply off the charts. but then again, with deep fried Nueske bacon and bourbon molasses carmelized onions how can you wrong?
I liked it.  The breakfast buffet is awesome and the blood mary isn't to shabby either.  If you're in the area go check it out, it has a nice selection of food, a great bar and an unbeatable ambiance courtesy of the surrounding mesas and beautiful desert landscaping.

The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because I think it's a bit over priced.  I understand it's at the Four Seasons but even so, the food itself is pricey.
This restaurant is awesome. We live in the neighborhood  and go there 2x weekly. The food is delicious....service is really great..we're regulars of course And they treat us that way!  Try the ginger mule drink and you'll have 2 or 3! We've had everything on the menu and you can't go wrong.  We take guests all the time and they love the patio and views.  The old restaurant here was bad...very bad, but Proof is a hit.
Bacon Carmel Spiced Popcorn and Chicken & Waffles (split it)...simply awesome!  And John behind the bar knows his stuff and feel free to let him choose your flavors.
An awesome kid friendly atmosphere, amazingly friendly and considerate staff and delicious food to boot make this place a wonderful edition to this beautiful resort!

My husband, one year old, and I are vacationing here for my birthday and last night we had a scrumptious birthday dinner with a special dish prepared by Chef Jesse for my vegan husband which was divine!

If you want a relaxing, upscale atmosphere with accommodating staff and great food definitely come here!
Great kids menu!
Great service, great food with wonderful ambiance. We have eaten breakfast and dinner there several times. If you let them know you are local you can get a frequent flyer card. On your 5th visit you get a free entry. Can't go wrong. For breakfast,  try the chocolate bacon waffles. They are to die for! Dinner we have had the meatloaf which is great. The burgers are terrific and  a definite yes! on the chicken and waffles. If you order the duck fat French fries make sure you are sharing with a huge group. Delicious but so filling because you have to save room for their desserts made with home made ice cream.
Had a wonderful Friday night meal seated at the corner of the lower patio overlooking the resort, mountains, and city lights to the south. The service was spot on, very helpful, and I plan on returning many times in the future
I see why people who are not staying at the hotel come here to eat.  The food is very tasty as are the Moscow Mules.  The cheesesteak is very tasty.  The onion rings have to much breading for me, but to hers int he party liked them.  Got a side of the BBQ blue-cheese which was pretty fantastic.  They also have a pretty stealer beer menu, mostly local, but good. Tried my wife's burger, just a standard Burger, but one the the best I have ever had.  Service was friendly and very accommodating.  Look forward to returning next time I am in Scottsdale.
My family and I celebrated my birthday here based off the recommendation of a friend and from reading these reviews.  We all started off with the lavender Moscow Mules and that got the evening off to a great start.  Everyone seemed to love their meal.  My wife is very health conscious and had the wedge salad and Seafood Coioppino and loved it.  I had the beer can chicken and thought it was great.  The mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had.  I think the best meal out of the group was the chicken and waffles.  You could smell it from across the room and it was DELICIOUS!  They even included some maple bacon brittle that blew me away.  We all finished off with "Mom's Cheesecake" and of course it was awesome too.

The decor of the place was really cool.  Lots of antiques and it is kind of set up like a an old fashioned soda shop.  The crowd was a mix of young and old and there were even a couple of families with small kids there as well.  The place wasn't at all "stuffy" and the staff was always friendly and willing to help.  

We'll definitely be back!
While searching for a wedding venue, my fiance and I had lunch and later returned to grab drinks under the stars.  The views capture the best of Arizona -- bright stars, shadows of cacti, serenity, and the red/orange/yellow sky.  

I thoroughly enjoyed the GRILLED PEAR & ARUGULA SALAD.  "A quercia prosciutto crisps" .... amazing addition to the salad.
Very well done restaurant in an appropriate, non-corny Western theme. 

They have a very attractive breakfast/brunch menu selection. I, personally, had a fried egg and Turkey Sausage (which was amaze-balls). Try the freshly-squeezed OJ Mimosa - I promise it won't disappoint!

Service couldn't had been any better - staff was quick and courteous!

Only draw-back was the cloudy weather yesterday which compromised the spectacular view from patio.

Great place to take out-of-town guests.
Visited Proof for a weekend breakfast for something new. The experience was a huge disappointment. I have to say the staff was attentive and very polite, but that's where anything good ended. The brunch buffet was recommended and wasn't on the menu, so we tried it. The buffet turned out to be what I might expect at Denny's, but not quite that good. A crowed omelette station and the normal, bacon, sausage, potatoes, with a couple other items. I had an omelette with bacon and sausage. All were mediocre at best. The biggest disappointment was when I got the check. $71. For two buffets that could be gotten anywhere for under twenty dollars. After I picked myself off the floor and paid the bill, I vowed to scratch Proof off the list from any future visits.
Come for the food, but stay for her hospitality.
If you live in the area and haven't been to Proof yet, you are missing out big time. The space is fun and relaxed, the staff is incredible, and the food is absolutely AMAZING. The chicken and waffles were by far the best I have ever had. EVER. The chicken was extremely juicy throughout, and had an incredible flavor. The dish is served with peach bourbon syrup, cayenne maple butter and.... Bacon Brittle!! This is definitely the standard by which all future chicken and waffles will be held. If you are dining in the evening, definitely grab a seat outside. The sunsets here are fantastic, and definitely add to the whole experience. In my opinion, what really makes or breaks any restaurant is the staff. And I must say that this place has the right staff to really round out the whole dining experience. If you come by Proof, please ask for Abrielle. She is by far the best restaurant staff member I have ever had the privilege of  encountering. She has an amazing and welcoming personality that wins you over at 'hello'.  I hope the team at Proof realizes how fantastic Abrielle is. Don't miss out on Proof!

P.S.
Try the BBQ bites. Tender BBQ ribs in a house made Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce!!! Game changer!
Wow...was this place well done - I would like to hire this designer because they hit the nail on the head!

I could hang out at Proof every single day...beautiful inside and a nice patio too.  The pretzels were to die for and the drinks were amazing.  We checked out the menu and definitely want to come back and dine here as well.

The bartender was amazing and made the visit even more enjoyable - thanks for a great experience!
We went to Proof to have dinner. I cannot express how good the service, food and desserts were. My husband had their burger, We Have the Best Burger with a side of onion rings, I had their Chicken and Waffles and our son had mac and cheese, fries, fresh fruit (kids under 4 eat free with a paying adult!!!). Let me tell you, this was SO GOOD. Everything was just above and beyond good. The chicken was fried perfectly, the waffles were a good contrast to the saltiness of the chicken, the mac and cheese was delectable, the fries were seasoned to perfection, onion rings were yummy (a little too much batter) and my husband finished his burger without a sound, so I'm assuming he loved it! 

We also had dessert at their ice cream parlor. They make their own ice creams and baked goods!!! Again we were impressed! 

Our waitress was so gracious and kind, I wish I had gotten her name! Also, the manager came up to our table various times and talked to our son, asking him abt his Cars, knew the names of Lightening McQueen and Mater!
An enticing picture of chicken and waffles with bacon brittle in Phoenix Magazine craft-fully drew me into this Proof Canteen. To my dismay, however, the chicken and waffles are unavailable at breakfast or brunch. It's a dinner menu item!! I was so distraught. I didn't know what to do...

The cute waitress calmed my fears and suggested still getting their signature chocolate bacon brittle waffles OR the huevos rancheros. Well, you didn't have to ask me twice, huevos rancheros always wins me over in the end. Served in a cast iron skillet, and spicy to perfection, my tastes were definitely satiated. What is spicy to "perfection," you ask? In my book, since we all have different tolerances for how hot food can be, I would describe it as right to the point when your tongue "begs for mercy," the burning stops and a small sip of water cools just enough to take another bite.

My friend, who is on that Paleo diet, ordered a make your own omelet and with a side of asparagus which she thoroughly enjoyed. The more hilarious part is she could not resist the temptation to order a side of blue corn meal pancakes with ricotta mixed in the batter topped with blueberries and lemon zest peels. She could not help but also enjoy an official Proof Bloody Mary along with me. It wasn't hard to convince her that it'd be a great Tom Thumb Trailhead hike post workout meal. 

Perhaps it'll become our tradition to come here after every hike! I wonder if I could convince Proof to make chicken and waffles a breakfast item as well if we go there enough...
Yum yum yum!!!!  Love this restaurant. Great beers on tap-great drinks and the food is fantastic!! 
If chef Jesse is working there is a secret menu item he will make for you if you ask nicely--fried pickles and they are to die for! 
We had 3 unbelievable entrees---the meatloaf, the chicken and waffles and the burger. All three were so different but melt in your mouth delicious. I would order any one of those entrees again in a heart beat!
We were too full for dessert but I'm sure that it would have been wonderful.
We came here for Restaurant Week and this was by far my most favorite one we tried (out of four). We were a party of two and were seated at the corner table on the patio so it felt very romantic!

We had the grilled cheese & tomato soup appetizer as well as the pretzel knots, which were both great! The spicy cheese sauce that came with the pretzel knots should be put in a gallon bottle and sold individually for people to take home!

Our entrees were also delicious...roasted chicken and some sort of pork (can't remember what the boy had). My mashed potatoes were creamy but I wasn't a huge fan of the gravy.

The desserts we chose were Death by Chocolate banana split and the Every Berry We Carry pie. I think the banana split was decent. I guess I want more of a traditional banana split as opposed to what they provided. I also wasn't a HUGE fan of the berry pie but I think that's because there was some sort of odd ice cream on top, possibly with basil in it and basil is pretty awful in my opinion.

We'll definitely be back for the chicken and waffles!!
Been there twice. Great food but buy the wine by the bottle.
Recently discovered this place when we dropped in for lunch.  It's tucked away in the middle of the Four Seasons Resort and has indoor/outdoor seating options.  In the bar area, there's a full size shuffleboard game....I haven't seen one of those in years.

Since the weather was awesome, we decided to sit outside.  Once we settled into our seats, we ordered:

Pretzel Knots, $5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=tEOMXcR_1x4capEjfg95GQ#tEOMXcR_1x4capEjfg95GQ

Spinach Artichoke Dip, $12
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=cHgbvJk7pe385t5t3tmQeg#cHgbvJk7pe385t5t3tmQeg

Potato Bacon Chowder
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=k2VePOrtCCwCYr7nhoIWuA#k2VePOrtCCwCYr7nhoIWuA

Rueben, $19
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=0nhrBqQLKZFsJybz5vDfUw#0nhrBqQLKZFsJybz5vDfUw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/proof-scottsdale?select=6VHXCBHgODNkyqgAlACGWw#6VHXCBHgODNkyqgAlACGWw

The Pretzel Knots and Spinach Artichoke Dip arrived first.  The Pretzel Knots are amazing!  They came out warm and fresh and have a nice Queso Dip to compliment it.  

The Spinach Artichoke Dip was bland...disappointing.  The hard, cruton-like sticks that came with the Dip were very salty...perhaps that's why it tasted so bland to me?

The Potato Bacon Chowder was outstanding.....rich and creamy, it hit the spot.

For the grand finale, the Rueben came out....and boy was it good!  My colleague ordered the same thing, except he got Onion Rings and I got Fries as a side dish.  The Onion Rings are thick and juicy....and sweet, very good.  The Fries were very good too.

Service here was outstanding....what you'd expect for a 5 Diamond resort.

Return Factor - 91%
We had friends in town for the weekend and decided to take them to Proof for dinner and drinks since our first experience there had been so great. The second time did not disappoint! 

We started with a round of appetizers that included the pretzels with cheese, fried green tomatoes and the off-menu fried pickles. GET THE PICKLES!!! 

For our main courses 2 of us shared the lobster roll with the most amazing onion rings, 2 others shared the beer can chicken, a burger with fried bacon! was enjoyed by another and lastly one ordered the chicken and waffles that comes with candied bacon brittle, house made hot sauce that was so good I wish they bottled and sold it and a syrup that he said was also very good. 

We couldn't leave without ordering a few desserts to share. The table ordered the turtle cheesecake, the cookies and cream shake and a scoop of salted caramel ice cream. The turtle cheesecake and shake were awesome and the ice cream was very creamy and tasted great. 

The chef came out as we were finishing to ask us what we thought of our meal. He was so nice and genuinely wanted to know how our experience was. 

We will be taking all of our out of town guests here to experience the fun, laid back atmosphere, delicious food, excellent service and amazing views!
Proof is a great place to see and be seen if you're in the pretty people club.
I'm not. 
So chances are, if someone's looking at me, it's because I remind them of a family member who spent time in the joint, or, they're in the early stages of cancer and their life's priorities are so fucked-up and they'd bargain with God to trade my looks for their cancer.

If I'M STARING at the pretty people, I try to be furtive, but almost always get caught since they're pretty and used to being gawked at...their homely-radar typically set to high alert.

So I visit Proof and order the Coor's Banquet, eat their beer-battered onion rings, and a chocolate sundae. I had a burger too and in the end, spent a half week's pay in the process.
Then I ordered up a few more beers and spent my Saturday wondering how I got hit by the ugly train as a kid while these folks were molded right out  of the pages of Vogue or Esquire. Sucks.
I found solace with the goofy looking  Bell Captain who looked like a French policeman with his little gendarme hat. 

The surroundings are beautiful from the patio, the people are fashionistas, and the ambiance in the bar is superb. The servers are so polite, they made me uncomfortable...like they were up to something sneaky. No-one is that polite. Ever.

When you've had enough misery from staring at the women patrons whom you know you simply repulse, you'll go across the street to Greasewood where you'll fit in with folks of your own ilk.

I fit in at Proof like O.J.'s glove.
First time here. Restaurant reincarnation from a former family restaurant at the Four Seasons Troon. 
Ordered 4 beer samplers which unfortunately came we'll after our appetizer pretzel knots were consumed - I assume the wait staff were overwhelmed by the Saturday crowd but replacement knots were brought for us as appeasement.
The meals: lobster roll, hamburger, salmon were excellent. Remember this is not a cheap place to eat so expect to drop some coin. 
The waiter, named Tony felt so bad about the delay in our drinks, he provided us milkshakes which truly exemplified the $5 milkshakes talked about in Pulp Fiction - they were delicious. He also packed us up to go with hot chocolate chip cookies - fantastic, I will be back.
I have been chef for 20 years and I only write reviews if a place is really good or really bad. This was both. Decor and waitstaff were good, but I can not get past the food poisoning we all got. It was the only meal we all shared upon arriving in Arizona on different flights, times, and airlines. We all had dinner together and the next day were were all extremely ill from top to bottom. Called the restaurant and was given the run around... as if I don't work in the industry and know how food poisoning occurs. We all had the same symptoms, sick at the same time, and were layed up for an entire day of my vacation. I would expect more from a four seasons...no compensation made and a memorable experience.
3 stars  because the food was pretty good.  Could have been 4-5 stars, but had to knock them for the prices .... way over priced!  Too bad, since it's in the neighborhood, we would love to be regulars but won't be back.  We were there for lunch.  Salads and sandwiches were $16-$19.  $16 gets you a brat or a veggie sandwich.  Lobster roll ... $29.  I have had lobster rolls all over the country and have never paid $29 for one.  Then there's the $4.75 for sodas .... ridiculous.  By the time all was said and done, it ended up to be about $30/person for lunch.  As I said the food was really good, but not good enough to warrant those prices.  The place was practically empty too, so it will be interesting to see if  they make it.
Amazing food. Went two nights in a row and was extremely pleased both times. This is definitely the best place to eat at the four seasons and maybe Arizona!!! Make sure you get the pretzel knots!
A really unique and comfortable restaurant with food to match. 

The decor is different and original. The service is terrific. The food is comfort food with a twist. 

Breakfast was delicious from the hash browns, to the buttermilk biscuit and topped off with the blue corn ricotta pancakes. 

Wonderful, different and appetizing menu choices, not your run of the mill fare. 

I imagine lunch and dinner are as much fun. Worth a trip back for another meal. 

Four Seasons hit the nail on the head with this one. Job well done.
Even though I was not staying here ( I wanted to though!), I had an incredible experience at Proof.
-so well decorated that I just had to take it all in!
-comfy decor, like being in one of my friend's homes, but they don't have a bar that big.
-Fantastic menu. Wanted the huevos rancheros but decided I wanted to still fit in my size 6 pants, so ordered the salmon with mini bagels, vine ripened tomatoes and herbed cream cheese. enough for 2 but I don't share very well, so ate it all.
-incredibly attentive service.

You can't beat The Four Seasons for excellent hospitality and Proof is a place I wish was in my back yard. So many great menu items. 
Look forward to returning and having breakfast/lunch/dinner and a Bloody Mary and then going to the pool and having a cold Corona!
This place is wonderful and relaxing due more for the setting than the food. We purposely went on Father's Day because my husband loves their chocolate bacon waffles and to our dismay they are no longer on the menu. When he asked the waitress she offered to see if they could still make them for him and they did! We sat outside on the patio which is nestled in between the Pinnacle Peak mountain range. Absolutely beautiful and so peaceful. The food and coffee is good but it is pricey. The bill for 4 people with tip was almost $100.00. If you live in the area ask for the frequent flyer card which gives you a 5th entree at no charge.
Fantastic breakfast and not overpriced! The English breakfast with poached egg on English muffin with crab hollandaise sauce is incredible! The breakfast buffet (all u want) is great with bacon that is moist, smoky , and flavorful. Omelets to order with the freshest vegetables. Don't pass this place up if you are in the neighborhood.
I was waffling between 3 and 4. The food is absolutely delicious, and the service is exceptional. It's the prices that are just a bit hard to take. You definitely pay for the convenience of on-resort dining. My husband and I are staying at the resort and have been here twice, once for a meal and once for a snack. Happy hour for the snack was great. Our server was friendly and helpful. We got the two buck popcorn bucket, which I liked and my husband didn't. We also get pretzel knots and sundaes. The pretzel knots are soooo good. The sundaes were yummy too. For dinner later in the day, my husband got the burger and I got the salmon. The burger was especially delicious. It really is a good burger. The salmon was moist and perfectly cooked and seasoned, too. Our server was friendly and helpful. The only thing to complain about is the prices. But again, I guess you pay for the convenience, and I still really like it here. Yummy.
Came to Scottsdale for the 4th of July weekend. Third night here and couldn't find a really good spot to brag about. We thought proof would be a top notch little hidden place, I'm sad to say this place was disappointed us as well. We orders some beers and the sun devil mule, which were great. The butcher board was fabulous. As we go on with the entrees we were left disappointed. We tried the "exceptional" waffle and chicken. The chicken was too salty and tasted like old chicken. The waffle was not tasty, it came out soggy and fell flat. We then order the super food salad with steak. The salad was okay although the dressing was too runny. The steak was okay was nicely spiced. We then ended the night with some ice cream, they claimed was hand crafted. The ice cream tasted like store brought ice cream. The service was 5 stars too bad the quality of the food fell short. Really thought this place was going to be a hit.
Wonderful place for drinks, the view and vibe. He food was not good! The only item that we order and enjoyed was the cheese and meat plate. The chicken and waffles was a joke, looked like it was made 2 days ago and reheated for us. The waffle was not even as good as a frozen waffle you get at the market. The blueberry salad was horrible and the steak that accompanied it was not delicious. We then ordered ice cream, which according to the waiter is handmade. Well actually it tasted just like Dreyers ice cream from the market. 

This restaurant is a joke and I am surprised that the Four Seasons management maintains a restaurant like this on the property. 

Come here for drinks and the view but don't expect great dinning.
Went for lunch today (12/6/12), and thoroughly enjoyed the meal. I ordered the Wild Boar burger (whoa, I ate wild boar!), and, although the patty was quite small, I was full at the end of the meal. The flavor of the burger/toppings was really nice, and the fries were great. Be warned, though, that burgers come with a small side of coleslaw, but any other sides (fries, sweet potato fries, etc) cost extra.

The guy I went with had the Bison Burger, and enjoyed it, though he did not like his sweet potato fries (they were "soggy").

It is a little pricey for lunch (approx. $20 if you get a burger with a side and drink), but at least you get a free warm chocolate-chip cookie at the end of your meal!!!   +1

Also, I love that the place is so new that it still smells like fresh-cut wood! Yum!
Came here for lunch on a Thursday with some co-workers.  

We left with mixed feelings, most of us disappointed and won't be back. 

This place is pretty new.  It opened in the space that Ian's Pizza moved out of.  They spent quite a bit of work to completely redo the interior.  They attempted to capture the up north feel, with lots of cedar wood and country decor.   There was a gas fireplace in the middle of the dining room which I really liked.  

I got the whitefish hoagie.   The menu said that all sandwiches were served with a side of sweet mustard cole slaw."   Hmm...I don't remember tasting any mustard, or any sweetness, or anything all.   It was weak, mostly watery cabbage with a touch of cream.    My sandwich was okay.  The red pepper aioli didn't stand out.  I actually thought it was melted cheese until I reviewed the menu just now.  There wasn't any tartar sauce served.

The sides are kind of a rip; especially the traditional fries.  They're a $3 add on and they could've easily been from the frozen section at Woodman's Foods.  

One of my co-workers got the Wild Boar Burger, fries, and a CAN of beer.  His bill was $17 before tip.   Seemed pretty steep for a lunch.  It'd be different if any of the 3 items were standout, but they were lacking.

One co-worker had the grilled cheese sandwich with fig jam & sliced apples.  He was really happy with it.  Out of our group of 5, he's the only one that said he'd come back.
We went to Buck & Badger last night with friends for dinner (6pm on a Saturday night).  When we arrived, there is a hostess stand right inside the front door with the usual "please wait to be seated" sign.  So we waited.....and waited...and waited.  No hostess appeared.  Two groups of people came in behind us and joined the wait for the elusive hostess.  The bar area was crowded and the bartenders definitely noticed the large crowd waiting to be seated, but made no move to summon a hostess.  Finally, our friends texted us to let us know they were already at a table (they had asked the hostess to let us know, but since she had disappeared, we didn't get the message).  So we went to sit down- I never saw the groups behind us come into the dining room, so I am guessing they got fed up waiting and left.  
Our waitress was very pleasant and friendly and brought us our drinks right away.  As a previous poster mentioned, the beer came in cans, even though there is a full bar with plenty of beer on tap.  Two of us ordered the bison burger, which was just ok- it was pretty small (the waitress said it was 1/3 lb, but it seemed smaller) and definitely NOT worth the $11 price, especially considering that sides are not included and cost extra.  The regular french fries were pretty lackluster- maybe a step up from McDonald's fries, and the sweet potato fries were soggy.  My fiance said the whitefish hoagie was nothing special and our friend who had the french fried cheese said it was not very good.  There were some decent parts of the meal, our friends noted that the twice baked potato and french onion soup were delicious.  At the end of the meal we were given a plate of chocolate chip cookies, which were ok, but they were basically just mass produced cookies that had been warmed in the microwave to make them seem fresh-baked.  I would much rather they forget the cookies and just focus on serving better food.

Overall, we felt like the food was bland and very overpriced, and while our waitress was ok, the service in general was pretty poor.    We will not be going back.
I went to the Buck and Badger over the weekend.  

Background info: I was there at ten on Saturday night.  So it was a little busy but not crowded by any means.  I was at a table of ten where each person was ordering a single item (i.e. beer, water or soda).  Not too difficult?  Well the waitress was rude, slow and inaccurate.  I know ten is quite a bit but you are writing it down.

She was not prompt in checking in on us nor was she accurate.  I asked for my check and she said I owed for way more drinks.  I was the first one to pay, so she could have figured it out.  It took her ten minutes to come back to figure out she added too many items, after I told her exactly what was on my bill.  I paid my bill, then I found out I was still overcharged for one of my drinks.  

I did not have the menu when I ordered but my friend caught an overcharge.  She and I had the same items.  Overall, very disappointed in the service.  It is Saturday night get someone who can handle the pressure.  I would go there again but I would hope for another server.  

Otherwise, the beer selection, wine selection and fun items (shot skis AND paddles) were impressive.
I always get wary when a restaurant tries to hard to push a theme.  In this case, Buck and Badger is supposed to resemble an "Up North" restaurant with a stuffed moosehead (fake me thinks) and a log cabin motif. Nevertheless, I thought to give it a whirl as we biked down State Street on one of the first nice days of Spring.  The menu is typical American fare-wings, some salads, hamburgers made from the various animals (cow, boar, lamb, bison), and entrees.  I opted for the Duck Salad (no tomatoes)  while my 9 year old daughter went with the children's Mac and Cheese.  
The meal took a tad bit long to come out with our waiter coming out to inform us they made the salad with the tomatoes and were making me a new one.  I was happy to hear that until the second attempt at the salad came out.  Evidently, when I requested no tomatoes, the cook also thought Ihe/she should include any other vegetable-it was missing the red peppers, onions, and celery that the menu described  While the duck was well prepared and the apple cider vinaigrette adding a nice acid to cut through the richness of the duck, the salad lacked anything crunchy and therefore was forgettable.   
My daughter's mac and cheese was generous in size and I appreciated the fact that the sauce was homemade and well balanced.  Good but nothing to come back for.

Buck and Badger would do better if it lessened the schtick around the Northwoods (really, the kid's menu item comes with an antler crown which basically guarantees a therapy visit or two when they get older from the humiliation), reduced the size of their menu, and focused on delivering well executed meals.  While I would say that the restaurant won't be around long due to the amount of nearby competition (The Fountain, Coopers, etc), they probably will as the owner also owns the Capitol Tap Haus (yawn) and the Ivory Room (license to print money).
I feel pretty let down by my two experiences at Buck & Badger.

I've been for lunch and dinner. Both times, service was pretty slow, despite there not being many customers. I had the chicken pot pie ($13), which was served in a sort of upside down pyramid of a bowl... It looked large when it first came, but soon revealed itself to be shallow and a pretty sad portion for the price. It wasn' particularly flavorful either. My date had a burger, which he said was just ok. 

Went back a different day and had the grilled cheese with apples and fig spread. The apples turned out to be more like apple pie filling. Way too sweet! Also, $8 for a grilled cheese is quite steep, especially since you also have to pay extra to get a side of fries.

I would love to love Buck & Badger, since I work a block away and they have a lovely fireplace. I can imagine having lunch there while reading a book by the fire. But I guess what it comes down to, is there are much higher quality and less expensive places to go in the area.
I wasn't blown away by this place. The food was decent but the restaurant setting was good leaning toward great. It has a great feel to it and definitely is trying to bring a Northwoods feel to Madison. This was a spur of the moment stop for dinner. This is a place I could see myself stopping in more for the bar than to sit down for dinner.

Our waitress was great and it does have outside seating (however, I did not sit outside).

For those who are looking for a good root beer on tap this place does have Sprechers. 

Overall it was a good experience.
Ok, well, let's get a few things out of the way first.

This place isn't very big, so there's not much space to do anything. It's also kind of expensive when it comes to drinks around Madison. 

So why am I giving it four stars? Well, a drink purchase here can be used as the cover to get into the Ivory room, and the second, and much more important reason, is that they have shot skis.

SHOOOOOOOOT SKIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS!!!!!!!!!
Food is great. Flank steak meatloaf is amazing.  Duck breast is fabulous.   Unfortunately service is not. Two of us ordered soup this evening one came out with a the main course. Couldn't even fit it all on the table. My meal on the other hand never made it out she totally didn't even bring it.  This is 3rd time at his restaurant and service has been less than adequate.  Probably will not be back too many choices of great restaurants on State Street.
Although Buck and Badger has a whole section on their menu devoted to delicious looking meat burgers, I went against conventional wisdom and ordered their Veggie Burger. What the what?? I promise you it's good. The grilled portabella topped with grilled peppers and provolone cheese tastes almost like meat, if not better. Buck and Badger also has some really great cocktails (The One that Got Away, which is Jack Daniels Tennessee Honey with root beer, is tasty) as well as a large selection of beer. They also host Geeks Who Drink Trivia on Tuesdays.
Great overall experience.  The atmosphere and presentation were different but really cool. Food was a bit pricy but satisfying.
A friend recommended this place, so the other night while i was downtown I decided to check it out with a friend. We were there about 9:30pm and were seated immediately - we chose to have a seat inside. 
My friend ordered the steak sandwich and fries. He thought the sandwich was "fine." 
I ordered the "shoestring fries" which were just regular fries and were virtually tasteless; I didn't think they were good at all. I also ordered the French Fried Cheese, which were like mozzarella sticks but with Wisconsin cheddar. They were warm-ish and the cheese wasn't melty at all. 
Overall, I wasn't impressed and I don't plan to return.
The food is good and a great selection of beer. Friendly staff. The inside atmosphere is like a lodge.
If your idea of 'comfort food' is overpriced, gummy, tasteless and fried carbs smothered in cheese and/or bacon, then by all means, help yourself to some diabetes in a bread bowl. I scoured the menu and couldn't find a damn thing that wasn't carb-based or slathered in meat or dairy. I'm not even vegan or vegetarian. I just don't like my food to sit like a rock at the bottom of my stomach for 6+ hours after I eat it.

I've never wanted to stick my finger down my throat so long after eating half an entree, so thanks for getting me to try new things, Buck & Badger.
My boyfriend's family and I were looking forward to trying this north woods themed restaurant and bar, as we are lovers of being up north and miss that feeling down here in Madison. I will say that this restaurant provided this ambiance and did it very tastefully. However, the food was severely lacking.

We all ordered burgers and were surprised to see that the burgers didn't come with french fries, instead they came with coleslaw. This would have been acceptable if the coleslaw was any good. But it had zero flavor and was a huge disappointment. Also my boyfriend's mother ordered french fries and they came out stone cold and soggy, pretty gross actually. She told the waiter and he brought out a fresh hot order of fries, but they were still soggy. Our burgers were cooked perfectly and very delicious however.

Service was decent, but nothing to write home about.
I only came here for drinks. Their specials are inexpensive and pretty good. Save your receipt and you can use it instead of paying cover charge to enter ivory.
Horrible!!!! It took an hour for us to get our food!! No apology for the server! We will never go back!
Great Food!! Outdoor seating right on State Street. Adorable Wait Staff ! Have the Cheese Curd Fritters! Rockin!!
Three friends and I were looking for a restaurant on State Street for dinner before a show at the Overture Center. One friend said he was really craving a burger, so when we came upon the Buck & Badger, we decided to give it a try. We figured if they were able to afford to be so close to the Capitol, they had to be pretty decent. Unfortunately, this was not the case.

We were seated right away and were served drinks pretty quickly, which seemed promising, although the specialty Jack Daniels cocktails two of us ordered came in disappointingly small glasses. But then after we ordered our food we waited. And waited and waited. It was at least a half an hour before our food arrived, so even though we had initially given ourselves well over an hour to eat before our show started, we felt rushed once we finally got our food.

The food itself was okay, but nothing that wowed us. I chose not to spend the extra $3 for a side because I thought the coleslaw that came with my sandwich would be good enough -- who seriously wants to spend $3 for a side order of fries? -- but the coleslaw  was absolutely tasteless. The menu describes it as "sweet mustard cole slaw" but it was basically wet cabbage. My chicken sandwich, while nice and hot, was also pretty bland. The sweet potato chip breading didn't have as much flavor as I'd anticipated, and they really skimped on the chipotle mayo. My friends enjoyed their burgers but didn't seem overly impressed, and the long wait certainly didn't help.

If I'd had a chance to read reviews before we went there, I don't think we would have gone in the first place knowing that we had a show to get to and others have experienced the same very long wait we did. Also, other reviewers mentioned that they received complimentary chocolate chip cookies. We didn't get any, so either they no longer do this, or they were forgotten since we had to flag down our waitress just to pay the bill so we could get to our show on time. Either way, this was a disappointing dining experience, and with so many other restaurants on State Street, I wouldn't bother with a second visit to the Buck & Badger.
Trivia tuesday!!! What a fun time testing our trivia skills, enjoy a couple of appetizers,  and beer. They have a good selection of beer on draft abd I believe have bottle beer too. Definitely support local wisconsin beer! 

Our bartender was super friendly, he even bring us cookies during trivia.
Welcome back, welcome back, welcome back!

I was devastated when the old Top Notch BBQ food truck got repossessed out from under pitmaster Jimmy Cole. Where else was I going to get my beloved #CincyPorkWich, a towering sandwich of tender, smoky pulled pork smothered in rich, sweet Cincinnati chili?

Well, this month Jimmy and Val finally opened a brick-and-mortar version of their beloved Top Notch truck in a killer location at Eastern & Serene, just off the 215 in the Doc Holliday's restaurant space previously occupied by Monstah Lobstah.

I'm pleased to report that those familiar flavors are back and you can once again taste the well-deserved winner of the Las Vegas Weekly's nod as best BBQ in town.

I'm more than a little obsessed with the Cincy chili here, partly because you can only get it in one other place in Vegas (and they make it way too sweet). So my favorite sandwiches here are the ones smothered in it. The first is the aforementioned #CincyPorkWich, referred to on the menu unobtrusively as the "pulled pork sandwich." You can also get it with cole slaw instead of the chili, which is always a good option.

Another standout sandwich is the beef hot link, with genuine heat and a nice snap to it. It's served in a soft sesame seed bun, covered in just enough chili and melted cheddar to create a gestalt of savory goodness without rendering the sandwich a sloppy mess.

As for the sides, the beans are among the best I've ever had, and the sweet potato casserole is a standout as well.

In a desperate and futile attempt to battle the body image issues that come with being a single man living in Las Vegas, I try to restrict my diet with a "no pork during pool season" edict. When I break this edict, you can bet your pig's feet that this is where you'll find me.
Just follow your nose to this place! The smell of barbeque is wafting in the air from the parking lot since their smoker is out in front smokin up some ribs. The menu selection is simple but full of delicious homestyle comfort food choices. So I chose the two meat combo plate with choice of two side dishes (mine were Cincy style fries & Sweet Potato Casserole)  and Texas toast. I was in for a real treat!
 
Ribs and Pulled Pork -  Excellent!! This is way the ribs are done!  Sweet, Smoky and just a kick of Spicy! The seasonings they use for their dry rub are flavorful, you do not really need much sauce for it. That's a pet peeve of mine; when BBQ places drown their ribs or pulled pork with sauce. So I love how they use BBQ sauce here as a compliment for the ribs.  Smoked just right. Meat tears away from the bone easily.  Same deal with the pulled pork. One bite and I am forever hooked to Top Notch Barbeque for sure! The 2 meat combo plate came with 2 ribs and a huge portion of pulled pork. Mr. B ordered the smaller combo (yeah I know make me look like the piggy!)  It was $14.99 for 1lb of pulled pork 2 sides and Texas toast. A very good deal for the portions you get. This place beats out the chain BBQ places in every way.
  
Cincinnati Style Chili Fries - This is good stuff!  The fries are the thicker cut type topped with Chili and cheese.  Cincy style chili beef is finely grounded so the texture is not as chunky, it's almost like a meat sauce. The blend of spices are more on the sweeter rather than the spicy side, I tasted the cinnamon right away. For a side dish served with the combo the serving was plentiful.

Sweet Potato Casserole - It's OMGoody goodness!  Came as one of my other side dish choices. The whipped sweet potatoes were pack full in a mini bowl and topped brown sugar candied pecans. If you have a sweet tooth like me, you'll love this side dish. It's not over the top sweet, but this dish can also pass as desert in my opinion. In fact I did order an extra side to take home and will have it for my dessert. It was just that good!

The restaurant is part of Doc Hollidays but there is a separate entrance and it's divided from the bar/gaming part so families with younger children are welcome here.  The dining area is large, pretty light and airy, the walls have western motif deco going on.  Plenty of seating. Couple of booths against the walls and table/chairs that can be easily arrange to seat large groups.  Service was good! Our server Tommy  friendly and attentive, greeted us as soon as we stepped in, had our drinks out to us right away, took and got our orders promptly, refilled drinks when needed.  The  owner and THE Pit Master himself Jimmy also came to our table to check up on us as well.   Top Notch Barbeque lives up to it's name. Looks like I found my first lunch spot for 2013! I cant wait to come back here again and again.
Fantastic BBQ place. Went back to back days last weekend. My wife is a Cinci native and she was excited to see a place that has Cinci Chili. That's what got us in the door, but the amazing ribs, tender chicken, and insanely good sweet potato casserole is what will keep us coming back. Support this place. Henderson needs good BBQ like this.
Top Notch is by far the best barbeque that you will find here in Vegas or anywhere else for that matter, coming from two people who have lived and eaten all over the country and overseas.  We were followers of Top Notch when it was a food truck, devastated when they lost the lease on their mobile kitchen.  FINALLY the brick and mortar is here and everything is just as we remembered.

You can't go wrong with the green beans, sweet potato casserole, or baked beans with any one of the amazing proteins that are slow smoked to perfection on location.  By far, my favorite thing about Top Notch has always been the pulled pork, my boyfriend loves the chicken and ribs.  Whenever he orders the ribs, they get a little bit difficult to eat because you end up with a bone in your hand when gravity causes the meat to slide right off the bone.  This is NOT the kind of barbeque that you smother in sauce.  The house barbeque sauce, though, is a great addition, with a nice smoky pepper flavor, not too sweet like the syrupy sauce you find at chains, and not overly spicy like the stuff you find at BWW's or a wing joint.

Last but not least, make sure you ask for some of the sweet potato pie.  You'll most likely have to get it to-go, however, since you will have cleaned your plate for dinner!
Read about this new BBQ place in town on VegasChatter.com so went to check it out for lunch. The pulled pork sandwich was delicious and the best part of our experience here. I would recommend it. I ordered the chili on the side instead of on top of my sandwich. Good call because I didn't like the chili at all. Everything else we ordered was mediocre. Rib tips weren't very tasty. The sides were a disappointment and here's why - melted styrofoam! Gross! I dumped the baked mac and cheese onto my plate to find the styrofoam cup was melted on the inside! That CAN'T be healthy! Same happened with the sweet potato casserole. Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick. The baked beans also came in a styrofoam cup which didn't melt and tasted just ok. I know this place's roots are from a food truck, but it's time to get rid of the styrofoam! It's literally IN my food AND not earth-friendly. And you don't even need the styrofoam! The sides could be placed directly on the plate. Texas toast would be better if they buttered and seasoned BOTH sides of the bread. Fun to see Kool-Aid on the beverage menu and the smoker right out front! I truly hope they do well and work out the kinks because it has much potential!
Casual atmosphere in the space formerly known as Monstah Lobstah. Decent menu with interesting choices. 

We had a rack of ribs and a hot link sandwich. 

The hot link was great, but was served on a hotdog bun which disintegrated shortly after being served.  

The ribs.  The ribs are where it's at. Coated with a tasty dry rub and served naked. Great ribs ALWAYS taste good naked, and these were no exception. The sauce is an excellent blend of sweet and spicy and complimented the rub nicely.  Together, they made the ribs some the best we have had. 

We will be back!
First time around and I thought they were good. For a local BBQ joint, they might eventually move up to be one of my favorites. I didn't get to try their ribs because they were still cooking on the smoker. A tip would be to not go too early since they won't always have everything done by opening. I will go back sometime during the mid afternoon to guarantee me a taste of the highly spoken about ribs. 

What we did have was amazing. The chili cheese fries are everything you loved as a kid. The chili is free of beans and is made completely of meat. The cheese comes in sauce form. The fries could have been fried longer to add a textural variation to the dish, but that is just nitpicking. The two meat plate is more than enough to feed two people. The pulled pork was a little dry. I was highly impressed with the chicken. It was moist, tender, and the skin had a slight crisp under the BBQ sauce. As for the sides, the sweet potato casserole was the hands down best. It is packed with pecans and brown sugar goodness. The mac'n cheese was good as well. 

I will definitely be back for the ribs and sweet potato casserole next time.
I really wanted to like this place. I really did. 

I ordered the two meat combo. It is your choice of two meats and two sides. Comes with Texas toast. I chose pulled pork and ribs for the meat. Cincinnati Fries and Sweet Potato Casserole for the sides. 

The ribs had a dry rub on there that was decent. The pulled pork was tender but had no flavor. I poured the default barbeque sauce that was on the table. The sauce itself was a little bland but at least when you put it on the pulled pork it gave it some life.

The Cincinnati Fries were basically Chili Cheese Fries. The Chili itself is not what im used to. It was a bit runny and not spicy at all. The Sweet Potato Casserole was decent. It was pretty sweet and was topped with pecans.

The total I paid was 24.17 and that's with tax and 20 percent tip. Now as you can see that is bit pricey for the meal I had. Imagine if I got a fountain drink. That would have bumped it to 27 bucks. Their menu is the same no matter lunch or dinner. It would be awesome if they had lunch specials. 

Their location is a bit of find because they share the same building as Doc Holidays. I gotta admit, it is pretty spacious and clean. The service was decent.

Some random info: They play Blues music here. Nothing against it but the whole time I was there, the 6 or 7 songs I heard were all about growing up in the South and people finding the love of their life then breaking up which inspired the song they are singing. The songs I heard were different variations of the same thing. On February 2 they are gonna start a Karaoke thing. I guess that would be better than listening to depressing songs about your spouse and your dog running away. I guess people singing out of tune is more entertaining.

So overall, I wasnt too impressed. I don't usually wanna spend 20 plus dollars for lunch. I hate to say it but having eaten here is definitely gonna make me do that Dickey's Barbeque review. I think their barbeque sauce is what makes their beef brisket and pulled pork even better. AND you dont spend more than 20 bucks for one person.
Finally, a solid BBQ place that's not a chain and is closer to our house.  Got Top Notch to go for the Super Bowl at home.  It now occupies the space formerly held by Monstah Lobstah, which is the restaurant portion of the Doc Holliday's bar on the corner of Serene and Eastern.  Top Notch's sit doesn't make that clear, but the entrance is at Doc Holliday's.

My wife had chicken with green beans and baked beans.  I got the sampler platter, which I did not realize when ordering, but it's ENORMOUS.  4 meats:  ribs, chicken, hot links, and pulled pork.  Comes with 2 sides and 4 half slices (so 2 large slices) of texas toast.  This meal is easily enough for 2 people, and probably 3.  So, don't balk at the price (it's about $23 as I recall).  Well worth it, and you'll have leftovers for sure...

First thing, the texas toast has excellent garlic butter on it.  Not your typical toast.  I usually don't care for texas toast, as I find it too think and bready, but this had excellent flavor.  The ribs were the star meat-wise.  They had a nice smoke ring, good amount of rub, and were tender but not so tender they couldn't stay on the bone.  This is not as easy to achieve as many think.  The hot links were standard, I could have used more heat and I also like them crispier.  I'll ask that they stay on the grill longer next time I come.  The chicken was the worst of the 4 meats for me, but it was fine.  The mac n cheese was a great side, great crust on the top.  The sweet potato casserole is solid, but it's a dessert to me.  I'll definitely get it again.  The baked beans were my favorite of the 2 bean sides.  They have large pieces of meat in them and great classic BBQ flavor.  

I found the sauce to be fine, but I asked for hot and was given 4 deals of mild.  So, next time I'll make sure I get the hot sauce.

We'll be back for sure, it was a lot of food.  We will get several meals out of it.  Also, the meat stood up well to reheating in a toaster oven.

I was disappointed to find several items on the menu that were not listed on the website.  These items included mac n cheese, pulled pork, seasoned fries, plus many others.  So, realize this if you are ordering to go and going solely off of the website.  I grabbed a couple of to go menus, so we won't have the issue again.  I was told they will update the website, so I'm hopeful that occurs soon.
Top Notch indeed. My friend Jay F. had been talking up this place for years, dating back to when they were a food truck, so I couldn't pass up the chance to try it out. Pulled pork sandwich smothered with Cincy Chili? Yes please!

Located adjacent to a bar, this has the typical BBQ joint "no frills" look and feel. My friend and I settled on splitting two sandwiches - the pulled pork and sausage link, both covered in Cincy chili. Cincinnati chili is a different style (and IMO, superior style) than Texas chili. Don't expect a lot of heat ... instead spices like cinnamon round out the flavor profile. I prefer my Cincy a bit on the sweeter and spicier side, but this was good chili, and complimented the pulled pork and sausage link well. The chili cheese fries side were awesome, and came at no extra charge. (99% of places offer fries as a side, and an upcharge to add the cheese and chili) Beans were good, but overshadowed by the awesomeness of the chili cheese fries.

We also ordered rib tips, but they were conspicuously absent from the meal. We checked with the server, who indicated that they were missed, and would be out soon. They were, and we were "hooked up" with a massive order. Being stuffed from the sandwiches and fries, we had room for about 2 rib tips each and then took them to go. They were wonderful, smoky, tender, and great then and as leftovers 3 hours later. 

Top Notch is another great example of the quality food you can find in Vegas when you know someone who is a local and you get off of The Strip and other touristy areas. It's a legit destination for any BBQ aficionado.
Go for the 3 meat plate. Perfect for 2 people and the sweet potato pie should be renamed little slice of heaven.
Got the pulled pork with potato salad. The pulled pork is beautifully cooked and the potato salad is sweet and creamy. They have brisket now that I definitely will try next time. I will be back. Definitelty recommend.
This is great barbeque at a reasonable price. I had lunch there with my boss and he was raving about the pulled pork sandwich. I had the rib tip dinner with the sweet potatoe casserole and mac and cheese. The ribs were outstanding, tender and with the sides more than I can eat. That never happens and even with that I was so tempted to order another side order of the sweet potatoe casserole because it was just that good. I finished it for dinner and wanted more!! If you get the chance get there. It is not fancy but you will not care.. I was going to give 4 stars but in thinking about the food it was just that good!
Ok, so let me preface this by saying if this were based solely on the food, I'd probably give it three stars.  My issue is customer service.  Let me also preface this by saying that I'm a Sommelier & Manager in a restaurant.  I've also been a server and bartender, so I understand the inner-workings of restaurants. 

Sometimes things go wrong with just one customer when everyone else that day had a positive experience.  I also understand that it's not always the server's fault when things go wrong, in fact most of the time it's not, but yet most people take out their dissatisfaction on them.  The server who I dealt with was very polite and tried to accommodate me within what was probably the limits that management allows.   

I arrived to placed a to-go order.  I placed my order, paid, then sat down to wait.  About five minutes later she comes over to let me know they were out of what I ordered. Not her fault! I'm calm and choose something else.  I ordered the two-meat combo: hot links & ribs with mac'n'cheese and sweet potato casserole for my side, and this cookie thing for desert.  

Because they had to re-do my order, she told me it  would take a little longer and offered me a soft drink.   Again, she was very polite and attempted to make sure I would not be upset.  At one point she comes over to let me know they are packaging it up now, it will just be a few minutes...which wound up being fifteen minutes later.   Total time waiting: FIFTY minutes...that is fifty, FIVE-ZERO, 50.  The restaurant was not busy.  

She apologized profusely and offered me 10% off if I were to come back.  I was not nasty to her at any point as I know it was probably not her fault. But 10%?!?!?!  Are you kidding me?  If I hadn't already paid, I would have walked out.  No offer to refund my money or throw anything extra in(which they should have done automatically).  

Again, I'm a manager in a restaurant, but one who is empathetic and sympathetic.  I rarely get mad at poor dining experiences, but this was ridiculous.  Her manager should have offered me a FREE meal, not 10% off.  That's not the way you get someone to come back after an experience like that.  We comp a dish off a ticket or send free items when stuff like that happens and NOBODY HAS TO COMPLAIN.  If we know this happened, we automatically do this.   

On to the food and I promise this unbiased.  I believe reviews of food should be separate of everything else:
$27.99 for my entree and a dessert.  WAYYY TOO EXPENSIVE. 
The food was decent, ribs were tender and tasted pretty good, hotlinks were generic tasting, mac was ok, but the stand-out was the Sweet Potato casserole; it was amazing.  The dessert was good.  
Honestly, again being unbiased, you can get the same quality from Famous Dave's for way less money.  I lived in Memphis for three years and I'm picky about BBQ.  Still, it was decent, but totally not worth the price.
First off, let me just say that this is the best BBQ spot in Vegas....hands down. Let me first start off with the Kool-Aid...yes I said it, Kool-Aid. It was perfectly made with the perfect amount of sugar so it wasn't too sweet. The ribs were amazing and cooked perfectly. Even the gristle was soft and tender. The ribs are served with a dry rub that has just the right amount of kick, and there's sauce readily available at the table. The baked Mac & Cheese was awesome, and the the fries were seasoned perfectly. I was a huge advocate of Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ, but Top Notch kills them in almost every aspect. I highly recommend this place so come out and support!!!
First of all, it's not a real, "restaurant" it's really a make shift spot with tables located inside Doc Holiday's.  We came to this place after hearing amazing reviews from a magazine, boy were we surprised.  We wanted to order ribs but, "Sorry, we don't have any."  What!?  You are a Barbeque restaurant.  I ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and it came out PINK...PINK as in undercooked and totally overpriced.  Horrible, horrible, horrible.  Then to top things off they brought us beer that was frozen solid.  If I wanted a Slurpee I'd go to 7/11.  Do NOT eat here.
Finally a GREAT barbecue place that we will frequent.  We split the 4 meat combo with ribs, pulled pork, spicy links and chicken. It came with two sides and Texas toast.  Everything was so very tasty.  The fries were crispy tossed in a really great spicy, sweet seasoning. There was plenty on that plate for us to split. The spicy link was our favorite. The spicy part did not linger for long in your mouth.  The owner stopped by our table to say hello and you can tell he genuinely loves what he does.  Try this place out!
What a fantastic place. If your tired of chain BBQ and places claiming to BBQ, then this is what Vegas sorely needed. This place is a hidden gem. Luckily I found out about it because of Yelp. The menu is the right size. Not so huge and just gets down to the good stuff. A tad pricey but worth it. It's price is similar to Lucille's but the taste and quality blows them away. I ordered the 2 meat combo. I went with the Ribs and Pulled Pork. You get 2 sides and garlic bread. I chose the baked Mac and Cheese and Seasoned Fries. You get 2 meaty Ribs. Seasoned to perfection and fall off the bone tender. Flamed kissed and comes with no sauce. You can add sauce since its on the table. It was smoky and juicy. I found myself nibbling all i can off the bone. I added some sauce to see what it would taste like. AWESOME!!! You can't go wrong going dry or sauced. I might be getting the whole rack next time lol. The pulled pork was outstanding. Where places in Vegas, its comes out dry. This didn't. It was juicy, smoked perfectly with a nice smoke ring on the meat. The rub they used was outstanding. You don't need sauce on it. If you do, also a home run. The perfect blend of sweet and tangy and a little subtle heat. I need to find out if you can buy the sauce. The Mac and Cheese blew me away. So rich and decadent. Cheese galore in this bad boy. This is a must have to try. I could eat this everyday. The cheese blend was incredible. I never had Mac and Cheese like this. The fries were crispy and had a great seasoning. The fries weren't greasy at all. It went perfect with ketchup as well as the BBQ sauce. When all you have is chains like Famous Dave's and Lucille's and Memphis Championship, this is a welcome addition. No chain backing this. Just a guy who knows how to BBQ and sharing his passion with us. It's funny seeing the negative nelly's on yelp always trying to act big and bad and hoping to get compliments. I take my food and dining experience very serious and always tell it like it is. So, don't listen to what these negative people trying to ruin someones business. Give it a try, i bet you won't be disappointed. Awesome job Top Notch Barbecue!! Till next time....Let's Eat!!!
unfortunately, I was a bit underwhelmed.  I love BBQ and I really wanted this place to rock, being that it's local and close to home.  I had the pulled pork, and it was ok.  the sauce got watery and made the bun soggy on the bottom.  I don't know if that was from the coleslaw or what?  It was also a bit pricey.  I don't think I would repeat.  The service was good, but I was really the only one there for lunch.
I came here the other day for an early dinner with my daughter, who heard about this place from Bread and Butter. We shared the 4 meat platter w/ 2 sides- links , ribs, pulled pork and brisket. Mac and cheese and baked beans for sides were also delicious. To  keep it short, this was the best BBQ I've had since the Salt Lick closed. Everything was delicious, flavorful and moist. The brisket was thin sliced, delicious and moist. Ribs smoked, spiced with  no sauce. The sauce is on the side and awesome. Big pile of pulled pork, and plenty of slices of hot links. There was enough to take home and reheat on the grill for the next day. It tasted just as good. Service was quick and attentive. But again, the food was super delicious. Forget the rest of the BBQ places in town, this is it! Good Luck.
What can I say about Top Notch Barbeque??

You see the rating, I'm a fan.  But I am usually a fan of anything BBQ. I've had this one bookmarked as soon as I saw that this was opened for business.  I knew that I would eventually hit this place up once Lent was over.  Well, Lent was over and now had three BBQ spots bookmarked;  Top Notch, TC Rib Crib, and Rollin Smoke.  I hear that all are pretty good so it really didn't matter which one I was going to hit first. 

Let's start with the bad;
1.  Smoke:  Not what you think, this isn't a restaurant where people smoke.  But the place stinks of cigarettes. I am assuming the previous business was a pub or bar.  If you can get past this, then you're ready for issue number 2.

2.  Price:  I thought that the prices here were a little high for what you get.  Over $25 for a three item combo??? At Famous Dave's, you can get a two item combo for less than  $10.

3.  Selection:  Menu is a small one pager.  Selection isn't huge. 

Now for the good:
1.  Taste:  I had their Beef Brisket Sandwich which was so good. This sandwich basically melted in my mouth. All I could think of was that their ribs must be good too. I'm assuming just from the tenderness of the briskets that their ribs are literally "fall off the bone" type.  I also had their Cincinnati Chili Cheese Fries.  My goodness, was this so bad for you, but good for me.  There's a slight sweet taste from the ginger they add to the chili. Both my meals were great and if it's just taste that I'm rating, I'd give them a solid 4.5 stars.  My only issues with the food was the size of the sandwich.  For over $10, I felt that this was a big small.  

Overall, it's the taste of the food that keeps me from rating Top Notch below 4 stars.  Price is a little heavy in my opinion.  But if you're looking for BBQ that's not a chain, then Top Notch should be on your radar.

Beef Brisket Sandwich:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=jelWGqD1Jf3fbQDyIvtDJA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Cincinnati Chili Cheese Fries:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=3Zu2v5q44atIm7Bguf_kiQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
This place feels to be trying to find it's identity, it's place in our dining community. It's located inside a bar as a separated venue, but the prices are a good deal higher than usual bar food. Rustic wood booths and tables with paper towel roll and a mason jar holding utensils and a western motif, but they have good live jazz music performed on the weekends. They let you sample the food but you don't smell the meats smoking so I think it's prepared off site. While their product satisfies me the prices I pay are at the top end of the spectrum, so I could eat at other BBQ places for the same or less where they hit all the notes. The menu and selections of sides are small and the 2nd visit (a Thursday) they were out of a couple of them. I hope they are working on the concept and can improve the overall restaurant. I'm pulling for them since this town only knows BBQ from chain franchises; these folks know BBQ. But they have some competition here; GET TO IT!
Came here after hearing a lot about it's opening through Vegas Seven and LV Weekly magazines.  Brought my normal group of friends for a Sunday night dinner.

Our server was very friendly throughout the meal and kept refills going and split our group check without much hesitation.  Unfortunately, they were out of both ribs and brisket which I hear are their best items on the menu.  Thankfully I was in the mood for a pulled pork sandwich, so this did not affect me, but I know a few people in my party were disappointed.

The pulled pork was really good, very tender and did not come with sauce on the sandwich so you could use the bottle on the table for your own liking.  I got a side of mac & cheese (which was included) I knew it was good from the start because the cheese was baked in versus runny.

After our meal was complete the owner came out to speak with us and shake each one of our hands.  I thought this was a great touch and showed that he's not afraid to get to know his customers.

I honestly don't have the same cravings for this place as I do Road Kill Grill, however the location is a plus and I would visit this place over other chain places in the valley!
Barbeque in Las Vegas. A phrase that tends to be an oxymoron, unfortunately. Top Notch, however, gets it.

We ordered the four meat plate: double ribs, pulled pork and 1/2 chicken. It came with two sides. After careful consideration, we chose the mac and cheese and sweet potato casserole....and then added the baked beans and seasoned fries for good measure.

The ribs: gigantic, St. Louis style pork ribs. Ain't no sissy little baby backs in this establishment. No siree! (Forgive me...I get fired up about barbecue. Feel free to read this in a southern accent). They were perfect; juicy, succulent, a slightly crunchy bark from the dry rub. Add a little of the housemade sauce and you got yourself something so good, it'll make you wanna slap ya mama!

Since I just made a reference to it, lets talk about the sauce. Usually, I'm not a sauce man and scoff at those that use such a beautiful piece of roast beast as a vehicle for some overly sweet, sodium riddled pancake syrup. The meat here is good on its own, but the sauce really takes it to another level: a perfect balance of tang, sweet and much needed spice. A sauce of any kind is meant to enhance the overall flavor of the meat, not overpower it. This heavenly nectar does just that...and perfectly well. This is exactly what I mean when I say Top Notch "gets it".

On to the rest. The chicken was good...a nice bite of lean between the bites of unctuous fattiness. The pulled pork was ok. I should mention that I'm just not a huge fan of pulled pork in general. To me, it's always dry and more or less flavorless. No different here. My wife loved it though.

The sides, for the most part, were on point. The fries were fries. Nuff said. The mac and cheese was creamy, rich and scrumptious. No truffles or lobster or any other froo-froo you see these days...just good ol' fashioned orangy cheesy deliciousness. Baked beans were fantastic as well with huge hunks of smoked sausage and a welcome peppery flavor. The sweet potato casserole was pretty friggin badass, but a little too sweet for my tastes.

Service was friendly and homey. The decor was welcoming and vaguely familiar to the BBQ shacks of yore. 

Las Vegas, I'd like you to meet barbecue...Barbeque, Las Vegas. I think you guys are gonna get along great.
The sweet potato casserole is worth the trip alone.  Hubby and I had the 2 meat combo plates.  We loved the chili-cheese fries, the baked beans and even the mac and cheese.  Though the mac was a bit over done and couldn't hold up and the cheese was a bit separated, it had great flavor.  The fries needed to be more crispy to hold up to the chili and cheese, but they were still good. Spare ribs had a fantastic flavor from the rub on them and just their natural porkiness.  Chicken was good as well but the thigh was a bit dry, leg was not.  The pulled pork had too much bbq sauce flavor for my liking. I find it best when rubbed heavily, pulled not chopped and definitely not touched with bbq sauce in any way.  I will add some if the sauce is outstanding, but really pulled pork should be able to stand in its own.  Our service was excellent, we were taken care of very well.  I am happy this place is good so when we are craving good Q I don't always have to make it myself.
What a great BBQ place. Great ribs and pulled pork! They had great taste all by themselves and were not drowned in any sauce. The best sweet potatoe cassarole and chili cheese fries. Its worth the trip from the West side of town.
Cot Damn this was some good BBQ!!! Took a little while longer than expected to get my sides...the ONLY thing that I can complain about! I am officially done with Famous Daves
Found this place by accident. Monster Lobster used to be here, But what a nice accident. Great rib tips, marvelous cole slaw, my sister had the BB chicken which was moist and equally tasty, Chef/owner Jimmy Cole came out and talked with us. This place started as a corner booth, then a food truck and now this location. soon there will be a second location.

If you arfe a local or a visitor please frequent this restaurant, they need your support and have a GREAT product!!!!!!
Soggy Texas Toast.  Tough ribs.  Poured on BBQ sauce.  WAY overpriced.  I would pay these prices at Lucilles, but definitely not here.  Will not return.
Went here for a to go order. It took 35 minutes wait time. Beef brisket had way too much fat. Cole slaw, baked beans, and sweet potato casserole were very sweet for my taste. Pulled pork was a little sweet but good.  The green beans were good.  I ordered 2 dinners which totaled $41.  This is way out of line compared to other BBQ places in town.
Ended up just stumbling upon this place and thought we would give it a try.  We have already been back for more in just 48 hours!!!  Absolutely the best-hands down- we have found in town for sure!!!   The ribs are phenomenal, chicken superb!!!  Definitely well worth trying and I bet you will be hooked just like we are!!!  Don't miss the sweet potato side dish!!!
Really good homemade food!!!  Stick to your ribs food.  BBQ.  Mac n Cheese the best. I have had chicken, ribs, and brisket all great. Several sides to choose from, all are tasty. Wait staff friendly and efficient. Live music at times.
Was jonesing for some BBQ for dinner tonight.  I was about to go to Ellis Island Casino Brewery for some of their BBQ, which is another hidden gem right off the strip, but I decided to check for one around the neighborhood.  I'm glad I did.  

Got a 2 meat dinner with 2 sides and garlic texas toast.  The meat from the ribs, just fall right off the bone.  I eat alot a chicken, so I decided to get the hot links instead of my usual poultry.  Awesome.  You don't even need BBQ sauce to eat this stuff, their dry rub must be off the hook.

As for the first side, I got coleslaw which was refreshing and light. Not too sour and not too sweet. My second side was the sweet potato casserole, which could actually do double duty as a dessert.  

Everything complimented each other goooood.  These guys must be Pinoy at heart, you got the spicy, hot, and sweet all mixed together.

Negatives - no rice...haha, but I ususally don't eat much of it these days...
This place is really good. It's locally owned and can definitely see the vision for it. I hope it succeeds and continues to grow.

The food is great when it's great, but sometimes it misses the mark, but that has more to do with my personal expectations than the actual flavors -- they need to provide their customers with more guidance. I've been here twice now, and tried to diversify what I ordered so that I can get a better sampling of the menu. The one thing I can say is this place is most enjoyed when ordering family style.

Here are some highlights:
- The Ribs were to die for. Seasoned and perfectly smoked, you can tell that this was a labor of love. The meat falls off the bone and comes in pretty big portions.
- Sweet Potato Casserole is by far the best side on the menu. Although as a warning, it is listed a side but is really a great dessert, so if you get it make sure you get another side, maybe the fries, which make a nice accompaniment to the ribs.
- Hot Links are better than Famous Dave's. The first time I ordered them I was hesitant and didn't enjoy them that much, but this time around I ate them with Texas Toast and I must say they are good.
- Grape Kool-aid was bomb.com

Some not-so-highlights:
- Chili tastes like curry. So when I ordered them I was surprised to eat what tasted like curry-fries. Shockingly British. But I hear that's how they do it in Cincinnati.
- The Pulled pork can be dry. 
- Macaroni and Cheese is ok. I'm personally not a fan because I don't like nacho cheese, but that's just me.

My one true wish, aside from world peace:
- I wish they had corn bread. I really do. Adding that to the menu would make me happy.

Overall the place itself is nice, I think they need help with their branding. Their menu could use some revamping -- even after having already visited once, it was still difficult to navigate and order for a group. Our server Suzette was great and she really helped bring some order to the chaos. Definitely ask for her if you go :)
Where do I begin?
Went on a Monday at 1230...husband ordered brisket...but they were out? Really....already...at 1230...did you just not cook one? Then he tried to order a half chicken...waitress told him it really wasn't a half chicken it was just legs and thighs to equal a half chicken...what???
I ordered a 2 meat combo...pulled pork and hot link. Now I will give credit where credit is due....the meat and flavor was good....the sauce was good too..had a little kick to it. Sides.....we had the chili cheese fries (share-able) and they were good...I had baked beans...nothing special but not bad at all....and we both had the potato salad....I felt it tasted like it was store bought :( and hubby had mac n cheese said it was ok....not bad not good.
I'd like to go back when they have brisket and I'd like to try the ribs next time....hopefully I can update with more stars!
Easily the best BBQ in town.  And I've tried all the places.  
Everything served with sauce on the side.  That's one way you know the meat you're getting is high quality - they don't cover up poorly cooked/sourced meat with a ton of sauce.  The meat and rub can stand on it's own.
The ribs are tender but not "falling off the bone" overcooked.  The hot links have a nice snap and fantastic flavor.
I'd say the brisket is the star of the show.  You can get decent ribs and hot links at other places - but haven't seen a place in town that has good brisket.  And this brisket is GREAT.  My only quibble is they don't offer burnt ends - those are the salty, crispy, fatty ends of the brisket that are considered a black gold delicacy amongst bbq fans.  They throw them away.  It's absolutely loco.  
Sides are pretty decent but I judge a bbq place on it's meat.  And the meat here is....wait for it......top notch.
I've been wanting to try Top Notch for a while, especially since it's a favorite of Shirley B.'s--that's all I needed to know, but it's also located in the same shopping plaza as my hairdresser - convenient!  So, after getting my hair did after work one night, I planned  a double date dinner with the b/f and two of my great friends here-all I had to do was walk next door.  For a Thursday night at 7:00pm, the place was deserted, which is surprising since the food and service is, yes, top notch.  I ordered the two-item combo: ribs and pulled pork with the mac n cheese and highly rated sweet potato casserole for my two sides.  The dinner also came with two pieces of Texas toast.  It was a heck of a lot of meat and what usually happens when I have BBQ happened again:  I ate up all the sides and had lots of BBQ left over.  The mac n cheese was great (I love the stuff too much) and the sweet potato casserole lives up to the hype.  The ribs are not the fall-off-the-bone type, which I prefer, but they were still tasty and the pulled pork was flavorful, as well.  Our server was friendly and attentive, but not hard to do when there really weren't too many customers in there.  That's a shame, though, because this place is legit.  Give it a try--Tita Shirley was right again!
Definitely the best BBQ I've had in a while!!
Being from the south, I have been missing the taste of down-home cooking.  Top Notch is incredible!! I can't wait for my family to visit. I've had the rib tips, mac and cheese, baked beans, and pulled pork nachos. Everything was delicious, and the meat is soo tender!! The mac and cheese is amazingII The BBQ sauce is also amazing! I love this place!! I hope Top Notch continues to grow!!
No better ribs in town. Without a doubt! Add a side of their unique sweet potato casserole, and you have a plateful of sheer heaven. 

Have I mentioned the ribs?

While everything they serve is (forgive me) top notch, it's the ribs that will keep you coming back. They do them old-school here, slow-cooked with a dry rub that renders the ribs so unbelievably tender & flavorful that you won't be able to stop until your plate is nothing but a pile of bones.

Back to the sweet potato casserole. Served hot, it makes a great side-dish for the fall-off-the-bone ribs. But here's a hint: take one home and put it in the fridge. Overnight, it will magically turn into dessert! That's how crazy-good this stuff is.
Love Ribs!!! I checked this place out after the local mag gave top notch raving reviews and they were spot on amazing dry rub big meat falling off bone spare ribs. Caught the vegas rib-jones here, but after two big-time satisfying visits with my fam, the third and last time was so sad. Ribs were 3rd rate bad and mostly fat. I told our sweet waitress the score and she said the next time we come in (the next time???) they would comp us a half rack plate. She even admitted her mother had the same experience of third rate fatty ribs. So now sadly my search for great vegas ribs continues elsewhere. Note to Top Notch Rib Man- Do NOT compromise or you will lose more customers
Went based on the rave reviews of the food today sunday 6/16 at 2pm. Walked in and sat ourselves as the sign stated. at no point for the 15 minutes we sat there were we ever greeted, acknowledged, nothing. A server who was just moving things around in the drink station walked by us three separate times once to bring water to the table next to us and we never received so much as eye contact. We noticed with two servers and about 10 tables with patrons there were at least two other tables that were never acknowledged while we were there. I don't mind waiting but don't ignore us well take our business elsewhere, won't return and will tell others of our experience.
Pretty good bbq place. The ribs were darn good. My friend didn't even add bbq sauce to hers. 

The green beans are pretty good, made with turkey thigh. Mac and cheese was delicious! How can you go wrong with Mac and Cheese though? Super good. 

I ordered the brisket dinner and it was quite yummy. I used a ton of bbq sauce, because I like a little brisket with my sauce.  I tried the spicy bbq sauce (you have to ask for it), but it was a little too spicy for me. 

Cole slaw was pretty good, but I didn't like Cincinnati Chili fries. I mean the fries were ok, but the chili was not for me. Blah

Overall pretty good meal. Kind of expensive at about $18 per meal. But I think it's about the same at most bbq places.
Best BBQ I've ever had meat falls off bones side dishes are great sweet potatoes. Baked beans with sausage chili cheese frys Mac and cheese better than I've had in any restaurant customer service was great very friendly and attentive will be back
Very good BBQ, without a doubt.  The food was more than plentiful and was absolutely delicious.  Top Notch solidly earned the 4-star rating that I'm giving them, but there are some things that I'd prefer to see to get that extra star.

We decided to try Top Notch because I wanted to treat the wife to a good barbeque meal (she's a Kansas City girl who loves her barbeque!) and we had a Groupon voucher that gave us some incentive to try something new.  We were not disappointed.

First, we had some difficulty locating the restaurant.  I'd mapped it to the Eastern / Serene intersection, but forgotten to write down the _exact_ address - after all, how hard could it be to find a barbeque place on one of the corners of the intersection?  Well, it was harder than we expected, because the only sign for it was a printed banner that sat well below the "Doc Holliday's" sign on the building - we kept seeing the "Doc Holliday's" sign and missing the "Top Notch Barbeque" sign!

So, having found the restaurant, we got in to the restaurant and chose our seats - it's a seat-yourself place.  We looked over the menu for a while, decided on what we wanted, and started to place our order.  That's when the server, Ashley, let us know a few things.  First, the dinners are "better" than a la carte, because you get 2 sides for the price of 1 and you get Texas toast (don't order separate Texas toast unless you're _really_ hankering for it).  Next, the burgers are so large that they take "about 20 minutes" to cook, which may explain some other reviews' complaints about waiting or their meals to be served.  Finally, alcohol is served from "next door", so it's billed separately - Grouponers should note that alcohol will _NOT_ be covered with the voucher.

So, after deciding and then waiting for a very short 5 minutes to be served, I had the brisket dinner, which turned out to be a full pound of meat and actually lasted for 2 entire meals.  The brisket was fork tender and chock full of authentic BBQ flavor, and I even forgot to use any BBQ sauce until I was nearly done.  I got the green beans and the baked mac and cheese as dinner sides, and both were far better than I expected them to be.  The Texas Toast was pretty alright, as well.

The wife got herself a half rack of ribs dinner plate.  Yup, at another pound of meat, that was WAAAAY more than she could handle.  She loved the ribs, and ate until she couldn't get any more of that savory goodness down - she ended up eating 2 of the 6 very large ribs at the table, and then brought the rest home - our dog just LOVED the rib bones, too!  The wife did manage to finish most of her side of green beans, but couldn't eat the side of potato salad because it was "sweetened" potato salad (not to be confused with potato salad made using sweet potatoes).  Note, we strongly prefer the mustard-y, non-sweet traditional way to make potato salad, and this failed our "principle of least surprise" test - there should be a warning on potato salad that's sweet...

The dining experience itself was really nothing to write home about, so don't go for the ambiance.  The place was not really busy, with only about 1/4th of the tables occupied - this was a Friday 7pm time slot.  The decor was very lower-end average, maybe just a bit too rustic, particularly considering the prices - I would have expected for a $50 ticket for 2 people that the decor would be on par with the other restaurants in the same price range.  The service throughout the meal was decent, but not 5-star.  Our server, Ashley, was very, very pleasant - she even loaned us her smart phone to be able to claim our Groupon voucher when my own phone didn't work!

So, the upsides are:
1.  Great, great, great barbeque meats that are cooked to perfection
2.  Amazingly large portions
3.  Good sides, with the exception of the potato salad
4.  Warm and friendly staff, particularly Ashley who was just great!
5.  Decent location
6.  Groupon voucher can incent you to try it - but make sure to tip appropriately!

The downsides (what keeps it from a 5-star rating for me) are:
1.  Poor signage kept us searching for the restaurant for far too long
2.  "Sweetened" potato salad, with no option for the traditional style
3.  Meager decor, especially considering the area and prices
4.  Separate alcohol bill - we didn't imbibe, but were warned about it beforehand
5.  The website is pretty mediocre and the online menu just isn't complete, so we were left guessing until we had the actual menu in hand
6.  Apparently, there's supposed to be wifi, but someone forgot to pay the bill or something, which meant that it wasn't working when we visited

In total, I'd definitely eat there again.  Next time either of us is feeling the need for a barbeque fix, we'll be definitely head back to Top Notch.  Considering the price, it'll probably be a once a month regular stop for us, and one that we'll be looking forward to the rest of the month.
The name says it all. Possibly the finest BBQ in the valley.  Top Notch reminds me of some of the BBQ places i have been in KC and Texas. Not deluxe furnishings but drop dead awesome BBQ. The cooker is out back and they really BBQ the meat (as opposed to grilling.) Brisket takes over half a day. Owner/chef was nice enough to come out and talk with us. Great guy, great food. Had the rib tips and brisket. Meat was tender, juicy and lots of flavor. think i used a little sauce but not much because the meat didnt need to be smothered with some other flavor it was so good. If you want the tasty bread go to the "other place" but if you want incredible bbq meat, come to Top Notch. As a side note the texas toast is very good however not as good as the sweet biscuits cornbread you get at the "other places." But hey, the name is Top Notch Barbeque, not bread.
BEST BBQ in Las Vegas and VERY Family friendly!!!!  I highly recommend!
We were in Las Vegas on vacation and I came across a groupon for Top Notch barbecue, we had rented a car for the day and headed out there and we are glad we did, the brisket sandwiches were great and they gave us a sample of their award winning ribs, they were awesome, the rub that they have was great, no need to drown it in sauce, the sweet potato dish with the candied almonds was heavenly. Cole slaw too was excellent. If I lived there it would be on my favorites list.
3 of us ate lunch here for around $40 bucks. My girlfriend said the other day she has been dreaming of the BBQ since then. It was really good, Very tender. The ribs were done at noon and we got there at 12:15 so they were perfect. The sweet potatoes were the best side hands down. Mac and Cheese was yummie too. Beans were good, but did not blow me away. We had a half rack of ribs and a brisket a-la- cart. it was too much food for the 3 of us to eat. We will go back.
Bought a coupon from groupon and went to eat there only to find out they had no ribs or chicken only brisket. Terrible !!!!
Do not go there!!! :(
My first review of a restaurant I have never eaten at. After reading mostly good reviews, I had my heart set on nice smoky ribs. So we get there. The waitress says 'how many"...three was the response. "How would you like to sit here?". "Yes!" I said. We sit down, we get our menus. "What would you like to drink?" "We will stat with water". "Oh, by the way, we don't have any ribs or chicken"....cue sound of needle scratching across the record. You are a barbeque place...and you have essentially no barbeque. I am stunned. Bad enough you are kinda missing the only reason to go, you don't say this as soon as we walk in. You wait until you seat us, give us menus, take drink orders....oh yeah...no food. So, good luck small businessman, we will be over at Lucilles, where they have food.
Update 7/9/2013
So, tried again .Last time they said "call ahead to see if we have any ribs or chicken"---quite an unusual tactic, but, I did. And the result....called three times tonight and never got an answer. Each time the phone went to an answering machine. Yikes. So, off we go to see if this restaurant actually has food. Get there, stand at eh podium, and stand, and stand, and stand. Have I finally got a super-power and turned invisible? Maybe....but no, after a long time standing, I am seen. maybe my power wore off. OK, contact made, and lo and behold, ribs and chicken confirmed. So, we sit down and discover the super-power has returned, because we are surely invisible once again. Finally we order, and the amount of time it took for the food to arrive was absurd. If it wasn't so comical, I would have been angry. Thank goodness for games on my phone. But, there it is, food finally shows up. Me, I had ribs, bbq beans and the sweet potato casserole. And it was good, damn good. No complaints about the food at all. Delicious! One comment...there is a big smoker out front that I have never seen operating, and I am not sure these ribs were actually smoked. Usually you see the tell-tale smoke ring. Not on these. Still a great meal though. One more big hurdle...to pay, and yes, the waiting started all over. All in all, good food, abysmal service. To watch the people work, it looked like a disorganized mess---and they have been open several months. Just terrible. One hour 45 minutes beginning to end. HIRE SOMEONE TO MANAGE YOUR SERVICE, and you will have a good thing going. PS, they told me I had the last of the sweet potato side and as we left they were telling people arriving they were out of ribs...sigh.
Not worth it.
2 stars because the food was decent but that was the only decent thing about our visit today. The beans (baked and green) were hot, the meat (pulled pork, ribs and brisket) were tasty but after sitting around for who knows how long they arrived warm at best. Those were the positives now onto what needs improving. Service, hire another server. There was 1 for the whole restaurant and the bus person was almost useless. She looked at us numerous times before we finally had to ask for drinks and we were told they were out of straws when the table next to us received some after us. When I asked again someone had to tell her where they were. Then we waited and waited. The server was nice trying to appease saying 4 times we were next and the food is on it's way. We still waited. A table that arrived after us was served first, tempers were rising. Finally dinner was served but without 2 items we ordered. They were sold out and we had something else. Sorry to say we will not be returning.
Heard This was the new hot spot for "Q" and it didn't disappoint us in the slightest! Our waitress Liz was a complete Sweatheart! Very warm and friendly the whole time(Even when I changed our order after she put it in with  the cook) and made us both feel like we were eatin dinner at mom's house(But I wish mom coulda made Bbq even close to this caliber) :-) So we got the 4 meat combo platter with Brisket, chicken, pullef pork, and of course their famous RIBS! All the meat was so tender, juicy, flavorful, you name it! it had everything! And the sauce on the tables has the perfect spice, amazing with the Brisket! and the Cheesiest Mac & cheese of all time! My girl is a freak for beans of any kind, so for her to say this place has The BEST baked beans she's EVER had is like The Highest Honor Ever ;-) can't wait to come back! BEST BBQ IN LAS VEGAS HANDS DOWN. Even the owner came out to see how.everything was going! Just a great down home family joint!!!
Eat some delicious bbq at this casual, comfortable and well-priced restaurant. Their menu is simple, but what they serve is really great.The mouth watering dry rub on the tender ribs was so good, that it was difficult to put sauce on them. They offer the regular bbq fare.... and when they are out... they are out as a member of our party wanted chicken but there was none to be had! Couple of highlights... the sweet potato casserole was outstanding, whipped, baked and topped with nuts, as well as the mac and cheese and well flavored beans. Wait staff was friendly and checked back frequently to make sure we were happy!
After all of the high reviews, I figured it would be a good place to try out. As I was entering the restaurant, I stopped someone who was leaving with leftovers, that's a good sign. I asked how his experience was. He was less then enthusiastic about the food and service. That was not a good sign.

The sign says, "seat yourself." I looked for a good spot to sit and found a table near where other were seated. I found that it had food particles on it and a few napkins. One of the two only active waitresses came by and asked me to go sit on some waiting chairs. I waited while a waitress went to clean the table.

Once it was clean, she waved me over and I sat down. The seats are nice, no arms, and the temperature was quite cool on a hot Summer 100 degree plus day. Though I did smell cigarette smoke from the bar next door.

The waitress came by and asked to take my drink order. It was delivered in a fairly large cup, water usually comes by thimble size in restaurants these days, so that was nice.

Then it was time to order an entree. I opted for the Two Meat Combo for $18.99 which comes with two sides. I asked the waitress what were her most ordered sides. She said the sweet potato crumble and mac & cheese. So I ordered those along with a 1/4 chicken and ribs.

My previous experience with BBQ in Las Vegas stems from many visits to Ellis Island's BBQ and Famous Dave's. Both places serve large meals for good prices. So I was expecting more than what I received and after a pretty good wait.

For $18.99 I received two ribs and a quarter chicken plus the sides I mentioned above. The temperature of sides were adequate. The sweet potato crumble was initially delicious, after some time, it became too much for me to finish. The other person I went with ordered a potato salad, which was much better. The mac & cheese was tasty. The chicken and ribs should have been super hot. They were slightly warm to the touch, not what I was looking for. The person I went with also ordered the 1/4 chicken. It too was slightly warm, but not hot.

The person I went with got their 1/4 chicken and two sides for $10.99. How can they justify two ribs for an extra $8?

Our waitress was nice, the water tasted clean and the sides were good. The temperature needs to be turned up a lot on the meat served and I unfortunately ended up smelling like a cigarette.
My wife and I tried This place last night . We ordered the three piece meat platter Ribs,Pulled Pork,Hot links with two sides Mac n cheese , seasoned fries $20 . The waitress brought us two plates which was nice . We were super excited to try it ! Well after trying the ribs I was SOLD ! Yummy finally some good ribs in Vegas ! The pulled pork was great as well as the Hot links all had a great smokey flavor mmm mmm good . BBQ sauces are in squirt bottles regular is the one I loved and spicey which is hot try a dab first. The mac n cheese was super cheesy Loved it! and the fries were good also. We will definitely be going back to this joint . We walked out with full bellies and smiles on our faces for $25 ! Thank you Top Notch Barbeque !
The food here is terrible. Ribs have more fat than pork in every bite. The French fries were soggy, Luke warm, and tiny pieces that would find in the bottom of a frozen bag. The potato salad was not edible as the 2 potatoes in this side were not cooked in a heavy mayo-horseradish mush. Mac and cheese was way over cooked with sooty noodles with very little cheese. The sides here are tiny. $18.99 for the 6 fatty ribs with sides is way too much.
We had dinner here last night and left thinking our experience was several notches below the top.  Thoughts on food, beverage, service, etc.: 

-  Signage is a bit tough as it blends in with Doc Hollidays signage
-  Seat yourself and server only service model not effective
-  Windows need to be cleaned 
-  Ceiling fan on high and can't be shut off upon request
-  Tables leave and sit full of dirty dishes for long period of time
-  Out of brisket on a Saturday night
-  The meat platter and sides were good albeit all food served lukewarm 
-  It is odd that Texas toast was only toasted on one side
-  I found the decor kind of odd and inexpensive
-  Upon going to the counter to pay check server asked if I had info for my coupon . I never had a coupon?  Then I found out about some great deal I couldn't take advantage of.
-  Lastly, asked for toothpicks and server said they were out of toothpicks...I said really how do you run out of toothpicks..  She then went over to Docs and came back with a few.  

So, we either came on the worst Saturday night they have had since they opened or they have alot of work to do...me thinks it is the latter.  I would suggest changing service model so that it is more welcoming, tables are cleaned and food is delivered hot. There probably is enough space to bring in some live music and change decor to reflect that.  Or, go back to delivering the BBQ from a food truck.
This place is amazing! Way better than Rollin Smoke!! Portions are huge, excellent value!
Best BBQ in town! Liz, our server, was so nice! My friend and I shared the 3 meat combo (ribs, chicken and pulled pork), comes with 2 sides (we got Mac and cheese and sweet potato casserole and then decided to also add the green beans). Plenty of food for two, so full. The green beans were real southern style with pieces of turkey. Delicious. Loved the sweet potato casserole and Mac and cheese too. As for the meat...it just fell of the bone and you didn't even need the sauce with the pulled pork.
I have been wanting to try this place for a long time. I don't live on this side of town so it's taken a while. Well, I FINALLY made it and boy is worth a drive!! So good. So very good. My friend Melissa and i shared the three meat combo. We got the ribs, chicken and pulled pork. It comes with two sides and garlic Texas toast. We chose Mac n cheese and sweet potato casserole. But we also added the green beans because our lovely  server Liz said they were amazing when I asked about them. All three meats were delicious! Fall off the bone tender. I found myself wondering if ribs were allowed to fall apart like that! The BBQ sauce was good, but man, the meat was so tasty it didn't even need it! All the sides were fantastic! I could eat the sweet potato casserole for dessert but why not for dinner! Green beans were everything I wanted them to be! I'm kind of from Kentucky so I know what good southern green beans should taste like! Like grandma makes them of course! And boy they did not disappoint! All in all. Amazing. Must try! No matter how far away it may be. Now I just need to get my family to make the trip!
Excellent pulled pork sandwich! Doing BBQ right!
This was the first time we tried top notch bbq. We ordered it to go. We had the brisket, ribs., sweet potato casserole, Mac n cheese and coleslaw. The ribs were very fantastic!! Brisket was a tad on the dry side. The Mac n cheese was awesome! As was the sweet potato casserole and cole slaw. Service was good and the staff very friendly, the only criticism would be that they don't have it together as far as the menu goes. The menu on their website is very limited. Did not mention the brisket or Mac n cheese and had no prices. While we were waiting for our take out order we saw the waitress deliver a plate of pulled pork nachos that looked fantastic and were huge! We are gonna try those next time. We took a menu with us but they were not on the menu either!!
I got the $15 for $30 Groupon ... Overall the Meal was okay, and the Service was great. First, If you have never been to this joint the signage is BAD and it is easy to drive right past the restaurant because it shares space with the Doc Holliday's Saloon.  When you're coming into the restaurant you can smell cigarette smoke from the bar. Next, if you're a real BBQ Fan or your from one of the BBQ meccas you're going to want to lower you expectations or you're just setting yourself up for disappointment. This is a BBQ Joint that has some very good dished on the menu, unfortunately, those good dishes don't start with the BBQ. If you continue to read the entire review I will highlight my meals SUPER STARS and some dishes that failed to meet my standards. However, I think with a few tweaks the restaurant can be headed in a good direction and will be around for a long time. 
THE ORDER:
Appetizers...
Hot Wings and Onion Rings
Main Entree: Four Meat Combo with Two Sides...
Meats --- Hot Link, Pulled Pork, Pork Ribs, and Beef Brisket
Sides --- Green Beans, Sweet Potato Casserole
Service --- Really Really GOOD, If there was one more server or someone who worked the POS machine so that we, customers, could enjoy Liz's undivided attention it would have been Excellent. Liz is AWESOME, she's welcoming, very knowledgeable, and super friendly! She is the reason I gave the restaurant 3 stars instead of just 2. However, her attention was stretched to thin. At one point she had 7 tables and 2 carryout orders. If only P&G would hurry up and figure out the cloning technology, because another Liz would fix all of the service issue. OK, I'm all done with talking about my Liz Crush!
Appetizers...
Hot Wings---The wings where good. I would not be surprised to find a jar of opened Frank Buffalo Wing Sauce open in the kitchen. So I know you're thinking to yourself, "This person went to a BBQ Joint and ordered Hot Wings? Is she one of those people who would orders steak at a seafood place or bangers and mash at the Taco Tia!" NO! I'm not. However, there was not a lot of BBQ themed appetizers; and I LIKE Hot Wings. Don't judge me. 
The Onion Rings---OMG! They were EXCELLENT. If I should get married again, I want my future husband to propose to me with these onion rings. I can picture it now... Him on his knee longingly looking into my eyes as he pull out a basket of these onion ring from his inside coat pocket. At that moment I'd let a single tear falls as I whisper, "Yes!" TMI? Maybe a little; but you have your fantasies, let me have mine.
Main Entree ... Let's start with the sides and save the meaty bits until the end.
Side Dishes...
Green Beans---They were very good, cooked perfectly but a little to spicy for my taste. What I really loved about these Green Beans was the turkey bits... I Know, RIGHT! It's mind blowing. They opened up a BBQ Joint and do they put smoke pork in the Green Beans?? NO! They kick tradition in the balls and go with turkey. If liking these green beans are wrong I don't want to be right. 
Sweet Potato Casserole as I like to call it Sun-Shine in a cup. These were YUMMY! I LOVE Cinnamon in everything Coffee, Tea, Fruit Loops, etc. These for me had the prefect balance of sugar and spice and everything nice! OK seriously, If something is wrong in your life, I sure that eating this casserole will make it all better. 
Four Meat Combo...
Hot Links---One Word DELICIOUS. I can see these BBQ-ed Hot Links becoming a bad habit in my life. So when I hit bottom and you see me in one of the 12 step programs you'll know this is when it started. It's just going to be awkward having to 9th step Liz ... I'm sorry, did we cross over into TMI again?
The Brisket---OVERCOOKED ... It's like eating Sawdust that melts in your mouth [Yea, Let your brain chew on that statement for a minute] The fatty bits where moist and delicious because it is beef fat, it can't help but be delicious. However, the lean meat was tender, but no taste or flavor and very dry.
The Pork Ribs---OVERCOOKED ... I took one bite and all the meat came off the bone. I know you're think, "They says that's the sign of good BBQ ribs?" "They" lied to you! If you bit into a rib and all the meat comes off the rib is over cooked. So, any of that yummy porky goodness went up in smoke either in the smoker or in the warmer.
The Pulled Pork---I don't know what happen with the Pulled Pork it was just all wrong! It's going to take years of therapy to work through the issues I have with this pulled pork. However on a happy notes it was a good vehicle for the BBQ Sauce. You should know I'm not a big fan of sauce on my meats but I needed some lubrication to help chock down the pulled pork. The restaurant offered 2 different sauce 1 spice and 1 sweet. The sauces themselves are not really notable but they helped give some taste to the pulled pork.
This place is great!  Hands down the best in the area for quality and a great price point.  We tried a few of the mixed meat plates, great brisket and great bar-b-que sauce.  The sides were amazing - mac and cheese and cole slaw were my choices - basic but done well. It's often that basic sides like this are a mess - not here.  I do have to agree with those that mention the signage issue - bigger signs will make it easier to find.  We had to leave in a hurry and the staff was super friendly overall - we can't wait to return and enjoy again.
Food was 4 stars, BUT everything else was a 3. 3.5 stars option? Indeed. 
We went with a large group of 7, and there was only one booth we could all fit in, so we helped ourselves to it. I had Top Notch when it was a food truck and loved it, so I was stoked to eat it again. Right off the bat I noticed the table was sticky. Gross, but whatever. The sweet tea and koolaid will do that to a place. The service reminded me of what you'd receive in bar, not a family style bbq joint. It was not bad service at all. But did our waitress care? Probably not. 
On to the good stuff, THE GRUB! My niece who is 8, and probably couldn't finish one menu item alone, gave me an excuse to get the 4 meat combo plate. Of course to share with her. We ordered double ribs, brisket, and hot links with sides of mac & cheese, green beans, and cole slaw. Skip the cole slaw, everything else was BOMB.COM!! The brisket was tender, and amazing with the spicy sauce. The mac & cheese tasted home made. I tried my boyfriend's chili cheese fries and they were also to die for.  The green beans had small chunks of meat that gave them a great saltiness. I really liked it all and felt very satisfied by the end. 
I would return here in a heart beat and even consider bumping them up a star if they changed a few small things.
BBQ is my absolute favorite and I am more critical of BBQ joints than any other restaurant. I wasn't really excited to go to Top Notch because I figured it would be another over rated, mediocre place that I would never go to again.Wrong!!! If I didn't have leftovers from yesterday, I would be ready to go back again today. So why only four stars and not five?

The owner/manager really has to listen to others and get better service going in that place. We waited for 10 minutes before someone took our drink order. I usually NEVER wait that long. I'm glad I did, but dang...also...the manager needs to work with the kitchen staff about running out of food. It is a big turn off to order something only to find out that they are out of it. In this case, we ordered the sweet potato casserole which my partner had been raving about and craving. It was 7:00 on a Friday night and they were out...dang. Those are my only two complaints, but they are major ones for me. 

On to the positive...the food...I will give them an A+ for the ribs. They were succulent, well seasoned, and smoked to perfection. The BBQ sauce was really good. Surprisingly, the spicy version really was hot. I had to switch to the regular which was also good. My partner had the pulled pork, which I thought was good and he thought was great. The baked beans were delicious. I was pleasantly surprised that the slaw was good. It is listed as creamy. It wasn't very creamy, but the taste was different and enjoyable. The consistency of the mac and cheese was just the way I like it...not too creamy, yet not too dry. It was perfect. The Texas toast wasn't anything to write home about, but when is it ever? Overall, my meal was perfect and I'm having leftovers today. 

I think the reviews complaining about the prices are bogus. 80% of BBQ restaurants all over the country are higher per person than a typical all American restaurant...especially when you order ribs. Also, I think Americans need to stop complaining when they don't have enough food left to take home. It should always be that way. That's why we are so obese as a nation now. Three ribs and a 1/4 chicken with sides should be enough for anyone. Anyway...off of my soapbox for now because I have leftover, delicious Top Notch to warm up.
I heard top notch bbq was the place in vegas for ribs and I wasn't disappointed. They just melt.  I wish I could bbq like this. My wife had the brisket and it was just as savory.  Anytime I'm in Vegas I'll be stopping by here.
Tried it a second time. We had the pulled pork nachos, chicken, brisket, Mac n cheese and green beans. Everything was excellent, the owner even came by and talked with us. Great service too!
This is a great place I went based on some of my fellow yelpers!  I was so happy that we picked this for a lunch treat! 

We walked in and saw the Pulled Pork Nachos on another customers table.  Boy they looked sooo good!!!  I had to order them since I love nachos.  Score! They were absolutely delightful!  It was almost like a masterpiece was delivered to our table.  The toppings made a beautiful portrait of what nachos should look like.  There was so much pork on it that you didn't have to search for pieces to put on each nacho.  We could have easily split them between the two of us for an entree.  Definitely will order them again.

After seeing how much food we had devoured, we decided to split the Pork Sandwich with the chili cheese fries.  OH YUM!  The chili had a great flavor which was smothered on top of the pork in the sandwich.  What a fabulous idea! The fries were crisp even with all of the cheese and chili on top.  

The service was great! She was actually the only one waiting on all of the tables.  There wasn't a moment of down time for her.  With all of that she still kept our drinks filled.  Fantastic! 

This place will definitely be going into our rotation of restaurants!  Our faces and stomachs left with a smile!
Top notch I THINK NOT. I had the pulled pork and all it tasted like was some watered down Kraft BBQ sauce. The meat had no flavor. The sides I ordered were green beans and chili cheese fries. The green beans were just canned green beans in a watered down sauce of some smoked meat and bacon grease, not very tasty and as hot as they were probably just heated up in a microwave. The Chili cheese fries were just a blob of cheese wiz with some taste less chili thrown in and all this made the fries soggy.
They have load music playing and football on the TV. he place is not very inviting. 
It is hard to believe they have been open for 1 year as the quality is bad and prices high. I will not be back again.
I ate there a few months back and just had a burger and it was just ok, kind of high priced at $10.
The food is great but they need more wait help.  Our poor waitress ran herself ragged.  Had brisket, chicken and ribs with mac n cheese, cole slaw, potato salad and green beans.  Everything was delicious.  Even the water was filtered which is rare nowadays!
Best BBQ I ever had! Don't miss out on the sweet potato casserole. Great service too!
We just completed our last dinner in Las Vegas tonight and it just happened to be the best of the week -- at Top Notch Barbeque.  Now, we spent 8 long years in Houston where BBQ is considered a religion (along with college and high school football).  

Without  a doubt Top Notch Barbeque hit it out of the park with us tonight.  We ordered the 4 meat combo which comes with 2 sides.  We ordered the ribs which were excellent, the chicken which also was excellent, the hot links which were excellent, and the brisket which also was excellent.  Notice a trend -- EXCELLENT !!!  As was mentioned by an earlier YELPer, we also could not understand why the brisket was not on the menu.  I mean, really, when you are order BBQ don't most consumers expect for their to be a beef alternative (either brisket or tri-tip)?  I am pretty sure we would all agree -- YES.  For sides we ordered both mac and cheese and sweet potato casserole -- again EXCELLENT!!!  

Now, there was one downer in Top Notch -- we really wanted to try the sweet potato pie but they had run out.  But then, thankfully, we came up with an answer which the restaurant was able to accomodate.  We simply ordered another sweet potato casserole for dessert.  That casserole was absolutely that good !!!

Additionally the service provided by Liz was outstanding PLUS she was friendly and personable.  She gave outstanding advice.  She said to order the ribs, the mac and cheese, and the sweet potato casserole.  She said that they, "were to die for...".    The cook Melissa visited our table to make sure that everything was to our satisfaction.  Another nice touch...

Again, Top Notch Barbeque was our best meal in our week in Vegas.  We will be back...
The service was wonderful.  We came into this place because of a GROUPON.  The men's bathroom was disgusting.  I stuck to the floor walking around this restaurant, and it just seemed like a really good cleaning crew should come in and help this restaurant out.  The food was OK.  My BBQ was not really warm/hot and I was still hungry after sharing a large sampler plate with Paul.  I don't think I will be coming back to this place.  But I did try!
It was even better the second time! Thats a true test of a great restaurant- consistency!

Liz is a great server. She went the extra mile to make sure we had everything we needed.
This is quite the quaint place with cowboy theme on the walls and don't drive by as we almost did as sign says doc hollywoods and have to really look for top notch BBQ sign. 
Ashley was our waitress and she was great, good recommendations and attentive. Always kept glasses full and was patient with us as we kept babbling before and after we ordered... Lol.....
Got the ribs and they were good and tender though I like them to fall off the bone a bit easier. It came with two pieces toast (which I didn't eat since too full), and two sides. The sweet potato casserole was my fave with pecans, and cinnamon! Side of deliciousness! The baked Mac and cheese was also good, quality! They got the brisket and since we tasted each others, I like hers better! It was juicy and falls apart easily like it should... Not quite mama's but closest I have found in town. 
No five stars cause ribs weren't perfect and she wanted to take home pulled pork and they were out of it. But the funniest part of evening was when she tasted the "hot" BBQ sauce, she tasted it the rest of the night and all she could say was "don't eat that"! Facial expressions were classic... Lol
My 100th review for 2013!!!
This place was horrendous in every way possible.  I like to keep an open mind going to new places, frequently buying Groupon's to places I haven't gone to yet to try them out and explore eateries wherever I may be.  This was so bad I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.

Let me start to say that the place was not too busy (arrived at 6:15pm) - there was nobody waiting in line as there were a number of empty tables.  It appeared there were very few employees there - during our visit it appeared there was only 1 person to take orders and ring up tickets, 1 person to get drinks and clean tables, and 1 person in the kitchen, there may have been more in the kitchen, but only saw one person from the kitchen carrying out food as since the other half was so understaffed she was running out orders here and there because nobody was picking them up - this spells disaster already.

My guest and I ordered a brisket meal and a pulled pork meal.  IT TOOK NEARLY 45 MINUTES TO GET OUR ORDER, ONLY AFTER ASKING WHAT WAS TAKING SO LONG!  The only good aspect is that for the price of the meal the pulled pork meal had plenty of meat for the price, the brisket meal on the other hand was the severe opposite, very little meat for the higher price paid.  Except for the baked beans on one meals side, the rest of the food was not hot.  The brisket was slightly warm, but the pulled pork and the "famous" sweet potato casserole side dish both meals got were all COLD.  We didn't want to send anything back as it already took 45 minutes to get our food to begin with.

Everybody's food was taking forever.  We overheard other patrons complaining.  Also, the service staff is severely cold and rude.  They never ever came over to see if the food was ok - just finally went to get it when we asked what was taking so long, dropped it off, then we had to wave her down again just to get our check.  Refill of drink, ask if everything was ok with the order?  HAHA not going to happen at this place.  The server even had the gall to tell a patron seated behind me to "come back again, without a Groupon next time" - how rude, they were visibly upset.

The regular sauce is OK, nothing to write home to mom about... and if you like spicy food, the hot sauce is pretty hot, even my Asian friend who loves hot food commented it was a little too hot for a BBQ place.

I will not return, and if it keeps up the tone it had tonight, I would expect this dive to close soon.
I was really impressed with this nice little quaint cowboy restaurant it is rather hard to find next to doc holidays in Henderson. Went there for lunch first time on a Groupon. It was quite busy but the waitresses very attentive and got our order As quickly as she could the food was wonderful especially the rib tips and the Mac and cheese. All of the meat dishes are prepared on site and smoked on site the food is wonderful. I will definitely Return to this restaurant for the great food and atmosphere and wonderful service
Went here on a Tuesday around 530p thinking we'd miss the dinner rush. We still waited 45 minutes for our food then an extra 15 minutes for our check. There were people that got there after us that ate, paid and left before we even got our food. The hot links and mac n cheese were so really good but we won't be returning or recommending this place.
Had dinner here after playing a round of golf. So you can imagine how hungry and thirsty we were. After we ordered our food, which was kind of expensive but were so hungry, we didn't mind. We discovered that they did not serve alcohol. They ask us to go next door to buy beer. We ordered our food and and we did not get our food for about 45 minutes. Like I said, we were so hungry that we were getting ready to leave. The food finally arrived after 45 minutes. We were happy but yet disappointed we had to wait so long.  The food was delicious and the waitress kept saying to us that it was worth the wait. Everything about this place was good with the exception of the service. I don't think you have to wait 40 minutes to bring your food, especially when the food was pre cooked earlier that day because you don't cook pork or chicken in 45 minutes. I gave this place a 3 starbecause of the bad service. I'm concerned that this place will shut down if the service does not improve.
Let me preface by saying my girlfriend and I have had conversations regarding the yelp reviews that are often left.  It is our shared belief that a negative review has more to do with the mood of the diner than it does with the actual service or quality of food.  An unhappy diner is going to be hard to impress in any case and if a server or chef is having an "off" day, like we all do, well than forget about any positive yelping.  Additionally, if food is not to one individuals liking, does that necessarily mean the food is "bad"? Im not sure negative yelp reviews are particularly helpful.  My mom always said "if you cant say something nice, don't say anything at all".

I visited top notch twice this week, once with my daughter on Wednesday the 28th, and then again about two hours ago.  My experience was so positive on Wednesday I just had to return with the rest of the family to be sure it wasn't a fluke.  The food is absolutely fabulous.  Service was not lacking either time.

Our first visit we had the brisket, mac and cheese, green beans, potato salad, and the Texas toast, as well as grape Kool-Aid to wash it down.  Not usually a fan of bbq and brisket often turns into dried out shoe leather which needs to be soaked in sauce to maintain any redeeming qualities. The brisket I was served at top notch was like candy! It was so juicy and fell apart in my fingers-yes, I used my fingers to eat because it was so good. The mac and cheese was awesome, kid and adult friendly at the same time, and my green beans were great.  I might add it was nearly six oclock when we were eating and we noticed plenty of people in there. The service was friendly and we didn't feel ignored at all.

Our second visit was during lunch on a sunday and there were less people present, customers and employees.  Service was still good and we received our food in a timely fashion yet again.  This time I shared a slab of ribs with my son. I NEVER order ribs, too much work for too little reward HOWEVER these ribs were definitely worth the little bit of effort involved. They fell off of the bone and again, that crust was like candy in my mouth.  My daughter had chicken tenders this time and they were good.  My girlfriend had a two item combo with ribs and pulled pork with mac and cheese and baked beans for sides.  That pulled pork was AWESOME! Ignore any other yelper who says differently, trust me.  Again, the green beans and mac and cheese were great.  Texas toast comes in handy for sopping up all of the wonderful meat juices.

Both visits I really enjoyed my grape koolaid.  Satellite radio with some mellow, feel good music in the background- anybody who came in last week and had a bad experience, I say give it another shot.  You are only doing yourself a disservice by staying away.  Some reviews have complained about the sauces or the fact that the ribs arent automatically slathered in any- the meat stands alone, any sauce you may want to add at the table is merely to compliment and is not even necessary. In neither visit did I have a groupon, although it sounds like it was a good deal.  There are two chain bbq joints that I wont mention by name that could really learn a trick or two from top notch.  All I can say is, "you gotta try it!"
came in  for  lunch  today  for the first time  with my family after  my  boy friend had  raved  about this place.  the  food  definetly  lived up to the name!  service  was  good  and my  family  left  happy  and full.... we  will  be regular  customers  from now  on!
The pulled pork sandwich is BBQ perfection. The chili cheese fries are so good it's ridiculous and I want to bathe in the Mac & cheese. I love that this place is casual and that the service has been great on each visit. The sweet tea is awesome and compliments the food so very well. A++++
**This review is on the food only, since I had them once at an event they catered, and again after ordering take-out**

Ribs - Best I can remember having, and I'm from St. Louis.  Not sure what they do to get them this way, especially without smoking them, but damn.

Brisket - Very good.  Perfect balance of smoke and flavor.  Not as good cold, so eat it before it cools off.

Green beans - Above average.  Canned variety I'm used to getting at BBQ joints, but had good meat and spice added to where you wanted to keep eating them.

BBQ beans - Very good again.  Not overly smoky and sticky like a lot of places.  Just the right amount of sausage added.

Texas Toast - Incomplete - Steam made it soggy by the time I got home.

After reading some of the reviews below, I have two additional thoughts...

1)  I do hope this place gets it together on the guest experience side as well.  Competition is too great out here to overcome bad service and not being able to know what's 86ed and what's not at any given time.  Inexcusable.  This will sink you eventually.

2) As a waiter, I hate Groupon too (Too many people who use them are part of that discount community that just wants a deal instead of an experience.  These people are also often idiots and/or cheapskates who, probably on purpose because they see the opportunity,  tip 10-20% on the remainder leftover after the Groupon discount had been applied.  Sorry, but these people screw it up for the rest of you.), but I'd never be a dick about it to a guest.  Yelpers do make stuff up sometimes, especially the angry ones, but fire that waiter immediately, if this was what actually happened.
The BBQ here is always moist with great deep smoked flavor and the dry rub just makes everything better. The ribs are fall off the bone goodness, mmmm. The brisket here is one of best I've tasted in Vegas, in that, they're usually dry in every other BBQ restaurant I've been to, but Top notch's is very moist and delicate, and melts in your mouth. The BBQ sauces are great as well. Don't pay any attention to the actual building itself, it's smells like old furniture and smoke residuals, but the food makes the trip worth while. So good!

Oh an the sides are tasty, too! The baked beans are one of my favorites :) and their sweet potato casserole is like having dessert as a side with your entree ...satisfies my sweet tooth
Generic food. Very disappointed-it's LOWest Notch. First time here-I hate even writing a terrible review but this place is definitely OVER RATED. 
*Walked in and there was two customers the place was EMPTY at 4:30pm on a Friday.
---Brisket was sliced soo thin like deli meat, it was DRY shoestring-like consistency & weird over smoked taste. Worst I ever had and even spit it out at the end cause of the overwhelming smoke flavor. No joke.
---Mac n Cheese was SOGGY & too much cheese globbed on top & I love cheese! But over kill. Took two little bites that's it.
---Potato Salad is like the GENERIC potato salad you buy pre-made in the grocery stores.
-Paid $25 for crappy food, will never come here again.
Michele had a Groupon deal for Top Notch BBQ and we came here after watching a movie down the street.  We walk in and were immediately greeted and taken to a booth. Our waitress realized that our table wasn't wiped down, so she cleaned it really quick.  Now I admit, I am a fan of Rollin Smoke BBQ just west of the strip, and Top Notch was going to have to be on their game to keep up.  So, I used Rollin Smoke as Top Notch's comparison and ended up ordering close to the same thing.  But more of that later.  Anyhow, we looked through the menu as our waitress went to get our drinks that we ordered.  As we were waiting, we set our table with the forks & knives that were in a jar on the table. An interesting touch.  Our drinks come out and our main dish order was written down.

There were 3 of us and this is what we ordered:
M: Brisket with a double order of sweet potatoes
G: Mac 'n Cheese
Me: Ribs with a double order of fries.

The food came out piping hot and the portions were huge. The ribs were stellar and the fries seemed endless. I had a taste of the brisket but wasn't blown away. But, to be fair, brisket isn't my favorite. The sweet potaoes were the way I should have went. It was delicious.  The meal was so huge that I ended up taking half of my order home, where a couple of hours later I devoured the leftovers.

So, I say that Top Notch vs Rollin Smoke is a close battle.  But, I would give the edge to Top Notch.
Awesome authentic smelling and tasting great " down south" like hospitality!! tasty!!!!
Went during lunch. Food took forever to come out. But when it got there, I was happy. Ribs were quite good, but not the star. The chili cheese fries were crazy good!! And for a side on a lunch special, I was blown away at how big the portion was.
Deeelicuous!  Ribs & sausage.  Dry rub, meat falling off the bone.  Plenty of sausage - tasty, with just a touch of sauce.  Food came out fast & hot.  Hit the spot.  Throw in an attentive waitress, what else can you say?   Could have used a few more selections, like corn on the cob, and I prefer my cole slaw with vinegar, but yum
Moved to Henderson from Kansas City about 4 months ago and I was starting to get worried that good BBQ didn't exist out here.  IT DOES!  This place has amazing ribs, and the pulled pork was excellent too!  I wish they had burnt ends but hey I'm not in KC anymore ;)  Great sauce, not too sweet.  Great portions too!  MUST TRY:  The ribs and the sweet potato casserole.  Please keep this family-owned place in business.  There is a Groupon available now that is good until January, if you wanna try for yourself at a lower cost.  Our lovely server, Liz, encouraged it!  Also: Kid-friendly with a nice big, open (read: not stuffy) atmosphere.
I have been here 3 times.  I love the food and service. The best BBQ in LV
This restaurant adjoins Doc Hollidays, but thankfully has its own entrance.  We each ordered the rib platter, a large portion of St. Louis ribs with 2 sides.  These are dry rubbed and slow smoked until they are tender.  We did not feel the ribs required any barbeque sauce.  

For sides we chose (2) sweet potato casseroles that were on the dry side, mac and cheese for my wife that she thought was excellent and Cincinnati chili fries for silly me.  The fries were sloppy and disgustingly good, but I don't think my cardiologist would allow me to ever order them again.  Since I was taking pictures and carrying on about the ribs, our waitress introduced us to owner, Jimmy Cole, a Cincinnati transplant.
Long wait, but SOOOOOO worth it!! They were sadly out of pulled pork, but the brisket and chicken were to die for! I also got the sweet potato casserole and coleslaw and they were both bomb! We also had chili cheese fries that were some of the best I've ever had. Next time I'm for sure gonna get the Mac & cheese cause I tried some of and it was AMAZING. 

Definitely gonna come here again!!!

Way better than Lucille's and Famous Daves :)
I'll just jump straight to the food.

Rib lunch special http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/top-notch-barbeque-las-vegas-2?select=UjvGENIgFgBueatCI_Yj5w#UjvGENIgFgBueatCI_Yj5w
The picture says it all, a large pile of seasoned fries with probably 3 of the better ribs I've had in town. There was a delicious, slightly crisp layer from the dry rub melting with some fat on the rib. There was another delicious layer from the slight pink smoke ring under that. I dont like to much smoke in BBQ. The meat was fall of the bone but firm enough to my liking. I added a little of their spicy sauce just to try the sauce but it really didn't need it it was made right. I wish I had more of the rib but occasionally they run out.

Nachos http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/top-notch-barbeque-las-vegas-2?select=UjvGENIgFgBueatCI_Yj5w#RAXIeZU1KTHVAqPPv3R84w
A huge pile of what seemed and tasted like the packaged nacho chips, some good pulled pork and your typical nacho ingredients olives, jalapeno peppers, sour cream, cheese, etc. Not a big fan probably because of the chips but it was a huge nacho and it was decent. 

Cincinnati Chili Cheese Fries http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/top-notch-barbeque-las-vegas-2?select=GBHyE6-bCmB5QgYc6lf_xQ#GBHyE6-bCmB5QgYc6lf_xQ
A very delicious chili filled with lots of meat with oozing cheese covering a pile of fries. It was a side dish but large enough to be a meal by itself. This and the ribs were my favorite items here.

Hot Link Sandwich http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/top-notch-barbeque-las-vegas-2?select=GBHyE6-bCmB5QgYc6lf_xQ#gvXrXCOe4P73HGcFFq_OWQ They were out of the usual bun so they split the links and put them between a couple of Texas Toast, which I actually  preferred over the bun. It wasn't that bad, a little dry but I enjoyed it more than the nachos.

Brisket. A lot like the ribs delicious outer layer from the rub and fat, another good smoke ring but kind of dry with not a lot of flavor towards the center. I've had a lot better briskets but it was good enough.

Service for some reason has always been slow. It's BBQ shouldn't it already be finish and ready to go before we get there? Cut my pieces off and give me my BBQ already. Busy or not it seems like it always takes the same amount of time to get in and out. Their lunch specials are a lot cheaper than dinner, dinner prices aren't cheap. The ribs and Cincinnati Chili Cheese Fries were 5's. Everything else was maybe a 3-4. Overall a 3.75 rating. For what it's worth I like Top Notch BBQ ribs a lot more than Rollin Smoke ribs.
The best BBQ in Vegas. I have lived here for 30 years and tried every BBQ joint in town. This is the best. I usually get the rib tip dinner. The biggest rib tips anywhere. You get two sides with your meal and there is almost no way to choose. They are all great tasting. Beans, sweet potato casserole, mac and cheese, cole slaw, spicy fries are all unique. Not noisy like Lucille's or Famous Daves. It's on the NE corner of Serene and Eastern adjoining Doc Hollidays. Can't wait to go back again but have to get through all the leftovers from our last visit.
This place is soooo great.The ribs were very good,best baked beans ever had...They put large pieces of hot links in it...Green beans have turkey in it....Very nice people....Will be back.....
Went on a Friday night a little after 7pm and there were 3 tables occupied. Went with 3 other couples. We quickly got our first round of drinks and ordered our food. Then it all went downhill. We waited over an HOUR for our good. When we finally received our food, it would come out 1 or 2 meals at a time, with at least a 10 minute lapse in between the next meal delivery. Drink refills were also ridiculously slow. The food was good, but I think that's because we were starving by the time we received it. We were dining with friends, not eating in shifts. No apologies, nothing from the 3 waitresses on duty. Mind you, there were only 4 tables occupied at any given time on FRI night! Ridiculous. Icing on the cake was the bill had not been separated like asked and gratuity was built in. Will NEVER return.
Went today to this wonderful place to find sign on door that it is closed for business. Have to wonder about these places that open in Doc Holidays why they close after getting good reviews?
Called on Christmas Eve to find out their holiday hours. One of the owners answered and said they were closed for good.

Excellent BBQ, although the place was almost always empty. 

Enjoyed dining at your establishment, best of luck in the future.
Pretty good bbq place. The ribs were darn good. My friend didn't even add bbq sauce. 
The green beans are pretty good, made with turkey thigh. Mac and cheese was delicious! How can you go wrong with Mac and Cheese though? Super good. 

I ordered the brisket dinner and it was very good. Of course I slathered it with a ton of bbq sauce. (I prefer my sauce with a little brisket),  I tried the spicy bbq sauce (you have to ask for it), but it was a little too spicy for me.
 
Cole slaw was pretty good, but I didn't like Cincinnati Chili fries. I mean the fries were ok, but the chili was not for me. Blah

Overall pretty good meal. Kind of expensive at about $18 per meal. But I think it's about the same at most bbq places.
I happened to find this place on its opening night in Vegas. The staff are exceptionally friendly, from the host at the front door to the bartender and other waitstaff. Felt right at home for this Mississippi-born girl. I ordered a bowl of the gumbo and was greeted by a wide bowl with two perfect mounds of rice surrounded by delicious sausage and shrimp gumbo. Spicy, but not too much for me. I also had a Delta Sunset margarita, which has a bit of a raspberry taste. Tasty! The drink is mixed right in front of you if you sit at the bar. There's great decor from old license plates, film stills from the movie Forrest Gump, and other reminders of Southern culture. Also, a gift shop on the lower level with elevator access to the restaurant for those who cannot walk up the stairs. Smiles all around!
Go for the food and service...stay and drink looking at the incredible view.  Bubba's is a casual dinning experience with a Five Star view adding the feel of a very special experience.  My Cocount Shrimp could not have been better and my husband ate every piece of his Gumbo.  He said the spice kick was just the right amount.  When the dish came and he saw how much was there he thought he could never finish -- but kept playing the "just one more taste" until it was all gone!
First time at Bubba Gumps and it was quite an experience. I really enjoyed it, surprisingly. They have a ton of chachski on the walls.. You never know quite where to look but the staff is exceptional. We had a small wait and to keep the patrons from getting antsy they quiz you on Forrest Gump trivia. I'm a quiz/puzzle person so personally I had a bunch of fun. 
I felt their pricing was a bit over charged but its on the heart of the strip so its too be expected but otherwise.. all was good.. If they had a more convenient location I could see myself as a local going more. The food wasn't bad not was it exceptional so it isn't a restaurant I would go out of my way for but if im in the area again, i'd go back...
Went there on a Saturday @ 11:30 a.m or so. So it was good I beat the crowds.

The first thing I noticed was the smell and look of a new building, thats always a plus. They have plenty of space there and the design worked with the location hovering over the strip. The interior stayed true to the theme of the restaurant.

We had a great waitress, I forgot her name but it was evident she enjoyed her job and was truly happy to work there. 

The gumbo, EXCELLENT. Even the waitress said "Bet you wish you ordered the large". LOL. I had the cup. Beautiful arrangement and quite a bit of sausage and fish. I destroyed it in about 5 minutes. I recommend anyone reading this to try it. 

Had the seafood feast, The fish and shrimp, very tasty. Light and with flavor and not that heavy grease aftertaste as you would have in some places. Seasoned just right. Now some would say that it didn't have enough seasoning to the batter but I think it is just enough to where you don't overwhelm the taste of the actual fish and shrimp.  Try it. I would recommend trying every incarnation of shrimp they serve. I have my sites set on the Shrimpers feast next..

Cloe slaw- cut fresh as you order it, not drenched in mayo. +5

Only thing the jury is out on, and probably because of my own tastes...the hush puppies. I like the more flavorful ones,like at Long John Silvers...if you try both you'll know what I mean. But not work deducting a star, When your main course is good, who cares about the side piece. 


My biggest endorsement is that Gumbo, TRY it....You wont be disappointing. Well done Bubba!
Food was good. Service was good. But food was a bit pricey.
This restaurant is not open until 1am on Friday as shown here.  The manager said the kitchen closes at 12, so if you are looking for a late night place to eat, go elsewhere.  I told the employees at the front about it being advertised on the web site as being open until 1am and they said "We have a web site?"  Stupid is as stupid does!!!
I worked at the Bubba Gump in Kailua Kona, HI; so I have been in love ever since and was Extremely happy they opened one in Las Vegas, NV. So my husband and I went for dinner on Friday evening. 

Location:  Is perfect if you ask me, the outside balcony seating that over looks the strip is great. They have the same Forrest Gump memorabilia everywhere. Only thing I didn't like was the entrance to (well all the people), you get to the front where there is a booth and the hostess radios how many (fine) they direct you through the gift shop up the stair (OK) there is a guy that tells you to enjoy your meal at the bottom of the stairs (nice) then you get to the top of the stairs where a person then tells you to follow the yellow smiley faces to another set of hostess. (at that point too much) which from there you are finally seated. I think they should have the booth out front and then one at the top of the stairs. 

Food & Service: Our server was amazing and very nice, while we waited they did the traditional trivia of the movie Forrest Gump. The food we got the Crab Stuffed Mushrooms for an appetizer, they were good but the pan was hotter than the inside of my crab. It was tasty but could have been better, next time we'll get something different. I got the Jambalaya (which the server tells me its the spiciest thing on the menu) of course I'm like that's fine (thinking everyone has their own version of spicy) it was spicy but it wasn't too hot where I couldn't eat it; YUMMY! I wanted the Gumbo but didn't see it on the menu and over heard another waitress say they didn't have it. My husband got the Accidental Fish and Shrimp (the fish is Mahi Mahi) it was delicious as well, the fish was cooked perfectly. We ended up splitting each others dishes (half and half) that's how good both were.  

All in all very pleased with the experience and would come back, I only gave it three stars because I really wanted that Gumbo, the Entry felt like I was preparing to go on a ride, and I guess the food wasn't exactly how I remember from Hawaii.
This is my favorite theme restaurant everywhere- been to the Oahu (the most visited one), Maui, Anaheim, and San Francisco locations, and finally here! I was wondering when one of these would come to town- what took so long?! I'm a Landry Select Club member, so I can easily rack up more points for rewards (spend $250, get $25 in card credit). 

This one is located next to the Miracle Mile Shops, so here are your options: park at Valet at Todai or park at the Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops parking garage- enter the shopping center but exit out of the Todai side, and take the escalators or in our case, the elevator- we're parents now, so we're pushing a stroller. From here, a host will direct you. You will go through the store, into the elevator and up to the 3rd floor. From here, the host will seat you. It wasn't that busy, for lunch on a saturday, but then again, it's still new. 

New, clean, featuring memorabilia from the movie, seems a little smaller compared to the other locations, but the ambiance feature is this one is overlooking the popular Strip. There were some patrons outside, but it was too cold for us, plus, our two-month old baby. There were some tables  with chairs and booths (the booth was too small for us- we had a stroller). I can't comment on the bathrooms since I didn't leave the table. 

On to the food, the "Run Across America Sampler"- hush puppies, artichoke dip and chips, spicy chicken, fried shrimp, and peel 'n eat shrimp, is our absolute favorite. The price was $15.99, slightly higher than the last time but maybe the prices have gone up since then (last year- Oahu). This one never disappoints- we always split it. My husband really loves the hush puppies, it's his favorite. Mine is probably the chicken. I got the strawberry speckled lemonade at $5.99- refills are 99 cents. (Similar to Red Robin's lemonade.) The Ice Cream Caramel Spice Cake was phenomenal! This was $8.99, but well worth it. We've had the other ones in the past-  the bread pudding, strawberry shortcake, and the cookie sundae, but this one is specific to Las Vegas- it's new. I'm pretty sure we are getting this dessert again. It seems like a seasonal flavor combination, but really, you could have this all-year round. The server was really nice, and the service was pretty good, too. We got to ask the server questions about the movie. The manager stopped by to see how we were doing. He even changed out my wobbly chair. 

My husband thinks that this takes away from when we go out of town, because we always include this place in our must-haves/must-eats, but I really like that it is finally here, where we live. I hope that this place does well. Las Vegas and certain restaurants do not always mesh (except mexican restaurants seem to pop up when space opens up). And I intend on getting a shirt at some point, even though I live here. We were pretty stuffed and needed to walk around the mall to get a little more comfortable.
I stopped by this relatively new place on The Strip today after lunch because I had a business meeting nearby. I was shocked at how the interior space is utilized so well on The Strip in this location at the corner of Harmon Avenue. The entire place conveys a fun and engaging theme. 

The view of The Strip from the outdoor balcony is sufficiently impressive to warrant your dining or drinking here just for that experience.

I had New Orleans Shrimp and a dark beer I'd never heard of with a marketing nightmare of a name, Moose Drool Brown Ale. Turns out the beer is excellent in spite of the crazy name, and I will order it again. 

And oh yes, the New Orleans Shrimp was delicious and, to be honest, this dish exceeded my expectations because of the seasoning and presentation. This place comes across as well conceived and executed with smart management and an excellent staff.
Bubba Gump Shrimp has arrived in Vegas! Last Saturday, I arrived on the Strip to dine in Bubba Gump. 

     I have been to Bubba Gump Shrimp as a tourist in New Orleans and Chicago. I had been waiting for the grand opening of their Las Vegas vacation. Last Saturday the wait was over.

    Bubba Gump Shrimp is located in the new mall that opened up on the northeast corner of Las Vegas Boulevard at Harmon Avenue in the shadow of Planet Hollywood. It is a second level tenant with pedestrian traffic from  two strip pedestrian overpasses. Currently it is easy to find because a lady is advertising it to passersby. At the entrance is the menu. I appreciate it when restaurants have the menu at the entrance. I prefer to have an idea of what I want to order before I step inside a restaurant. Once we decided what to order,entered through the edge of the Bubba Gump Shrimp Gift Shop. The woman greeter nicely directed us upstairs. Once upstairs, we were directed to stand on a cue of circles in a waiting area of the restaurant proper. If you have waited to ride on Disney Land's Star Tour's ride, this is a similar arrangement. Inside the restaurant, there is a spectacular view of the Cosmopolitan. When the weather is nice, the balcony seats overlooking the Cosmopolitan is a prime dining spot. The weather was cool and we sat in the general Forest Gump themed dining area.

   If you have never been to Bubba Gump Shrimp, they have a neat gimmick. On the table is a sign that you flip. If you want service, I believe you set it to "Stop Forest" and if you don't need service, I believe you set it to "Run Forest Run." 

  If I was in vacation state of mind, I would of spent $21.99 on the Shrimper's Heaven. I was in a budget state of mind. Bubba Gump Shrimp is a reasonable option if you are on a budget on the Strip. I ordered the Shrimp Po' Boy sandwich with fries and bottomless Coke. After a tip, the dinner came to $22. Not bad!

   I have a minor complaint, which is the waitress up selling a restaurant card. When the waitress sat next to us, my instinct was that she was not a die hard Forest Gump fan that wanted to share with the world that Forest Gump played football and that he was from Alabama. When I am eating out, I do not care if Forest Gump was wearing no sneakers in a scene or that football was a sport he played. I want to relax! By the time I am eating I have passed enough people in the hotels trying to sell me time shares. Fast forward to when we were walking out, they were advertising sales at the gift shop. In other respects, the waitresses were friendly and served with an urgency.

   Most likely I will return to Bubba Gump. If I am in a tourist state of mind, I will relive my past vacations with Bubba Gump's Shrimper's Heaven.
Let me preface this by saying  I DON'T LIKE SEAFOOD. I wish i was so enamored with it that I could destroy a bucket of shrimp and be happy about it, but I cain't. 

I just cain't.

Okay -- now that that's done, I can confidently tell you that the solid 3 stars is only based on the service. The food left a bit to be desired. WIth all of the seafood buffet opportunities, I think that this BG cannot afford mediocrity. 

We were greeted on the first floor by the hostess, who ushered us into the store and up the stairs. There was a short wait, then we were seated. I can imagine this place when it's busy, and I definitely do NOT want to be waiting on the stairs, my man. 

Our waitress was entertaining and gregarious. She was also very attentive to our table and got us whatever we needed, which was nice. 


My friend had the fish and chips. The chips were good. Not many places can ruin fries - no worries there. But the "fish?" Boo. WAAAAAAAAAAAY too much breading, she could barely find the meat!

Fun fact: you tell the waitstaff that you need help by flipping over the license plate signs to the RED side. This lets your waiter know that you are ready for service or you have a concern/question. They'll tell you that, " you're in the drivers' seat." 

I see what they did there. 


I got the burger. It was really good, but nothing spectacular. It kept well, but I was not too happy about the price tag. I believe there was only one option for a burger, so I was sour that I felt overcharged to add cheese to the burger. 

And what is a burger without cheese? WHAT. IS IT?

The outside seating looked pretty appealing, but it was definitely chilly considering the temperature had dipped down into the 50s. and for the desert during midday, that was a little too CRISPin Glover for me. 


If you know you're about to get the chili's rate seafood experience, then you will not be dissapointed. As my friend pointed out, she would have liked more fish with her breading. From what I saw her pick off, it was an accurate assessment of the FISHuation. 


...that kind of worked.
My momma always said, "Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."

Well, no... actually Forrest Gump said that. MY momma always said, "For God's sake, Ryan, why can't you put down that Nintendo controller and play outside with the rest of the NORMAL kids? And what the hell are you wearing all that TINFOIL on your head for?"

No, Forrest Gump was the one who talked about chocolates, and Bubba always talked about shrimp, hence, we now have the chain of the Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. restaurants. They're all over in touristy spots, and the Seestur raves about the one in Anaheim in Gardenwalk. She even sports the sweatshirt proudly. This from a girl who would practically retch if she even got near seafood.

So boy, howdy, was I excited to see that there was going to be a Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. on the Las Vegas Strip. So excited, that I didn't even care it was located mere steps from the horrifying (to me) Goretorium. I was going to brave the danger and go to Bubba Gump, and if one of the evil scary monsters from Goretorium and/or one of the sleazy porno-card giver-outers on the corner of Harmon and the Strip came after me, well, by God I would buy fresh boxers from the Bubba Gump store.

If life is like a box of chocolates, I should have tried poking the bottom of the candies before coming here. I got stuck with that one everyone else dodges. You know, the one with the pink cream-ish center that's supposedly cherry or raspberry but tastes more like Pepto Bismol.

Las Vegans hardly need a reason to celebrate but we find them anyway, and as I had just been unceremoniously and hurriedly booted out the door by my former employer, ironically who stood across the street from Harmon Corner and rhymed with "Bosmopolitan," I decided to have a little "New Beginnings/I Got Fired" dinner at Bubba Gump's.

Figuring I was the last one there (as I usually am) and not wanting a demon to jump out of the Goretorium and eat my soul, I asked one of the store clerks, "So... I'm in the store... but where's the restaurant?" She smiled and directed me up the stairs toward the back of the store. A sign or something would have been nice.

I headed up the stairs, where I was actually first, gathered the party, and we were seated. They explained the license plates on the table that say "Run, Forrest, Run!" and "Stop, Forrest, Stop!" which I thought was a cute touch.

The crew was stellar. Our main waitress was super bubbly and thrilled when she heard we were all locals (like, apparently they had not been frequenting the place... what a shock no locals on the Strip). She was very attentive to our needs, to the point where we never really needed our "Run/Stop" plates on our table. She even regaled us with ghost stories in nearby mining towns. So despite whatever else I say in this review, the staff was great and should be commended.

And with that being said... well... 

We started with a round of drinks. Since it was my firing party, I was ready for something nice and strong, so I went with Bubba's Blue Hawaiian: vodka, rum, gin, Blue Curacao, pineapple juice and Sierra Mist, yes, please, come to DADDY! The menu says $8.99, but don't be fooled! That doesn't include your collectible Bubba Gump glass, so you're more looking at $13. You have to specifically ask to NOT get the collectible glass, whereas I think it should be the other way around. But the drink was pretty good. Not quite an AMF, so it won't belt you on your ass, but not a totally tame drink either.

Dinner came around, and I have to say I was gravely disappointed with my dinner.  I got the Shrimper's Heaven, which along with french fries came with Fried Shrimp, "Chilly Shrimp," Coconut Shrimp, and Shrimp Tempura, along with three sauces: Asian, cocktail, and a Cajun sauce that reminded me more of orange marmalade.

I started with the "Chilly Shrimp," which I thought was just going to be cold shrimp like you might find in a shrimp cocktail. No, in fact, that is wrong. "Chilly Shrimp" is Bubba Gump's version of "Peel-n-Eat Shrimp," which means the shrimp is cooked inside its shell. Yes, shrimp have shells, and shrimp have legs, which took that portion of the dinner from "tasty seafood morsel" to "creature that used to be alive, probably leaving behind a family he supported and a shrimp company job that will have to do some PR work to explain his disappearance and he was probably named Charles." I can't eat things that could probably be named Charles. So there's a quarter of the dinner shot down.

The rest was tolerable. The coconut shrimp and fried shrimp were kind of dry, but the shrimp tempura was fine.

What wasn't fine was the bill: for JUST that and the drink, after gratuity I was paying $55 BY MYSELF. People, I just got fired! Just because I was paid out my vacation pay doesn't mean I need to be spending it all on dinner! I'll stick with Lazy Joe's for some good, affordable shrimp from now on.

I guess stupid really is as stupid does.
Ok so! It was my brother in laws 30th birthday and I had never been to this restaurant and was so excited to try it! It was freezing cold outside and the strip was so so busy! It took us forever to find a parking spot which is fine we grew up here in Vegas so we are used to it but then walking through the entire casino/strip in the freezing cold it took us a good 45 minutes to locate the restaurant from the car. We were so incredibly excited when we saw the sign and realized that we were so close to some yummy shrimp and I was so excited to try this restaurant that everyone raves about, although it wasn't on a pier I was still super excited. The restaurant was due to close at 1am and we got there at 12:25, we had called earlier that day and asked if getting there by 12:30 would be okay because my husbands shift was not over until 11:30. We got there and the greeters immediately. with no smile at all, said we are closed. I actually laughed because I thought she was joking when she said that they were closed. Her face did not change so I know she was serious and we had just wasted all of our time, I asked her I thought you guys don't close until 1? and we even called and whoever we spoke with said it would be fine. She said "yeah we decided to close early tonight" She literally looked satisfied with disappointing me. I work in customer service and this is not okay. You are a business, and at that a BRAND NEW business on the strip! You cant just decided to close early unless an emergency and she said nothing of the sort. I really just couldn't believe that had just happened. Disappointed and doing everything possible to keep my mouth shut and keep my anger inside, we just walked away. There was also a gentlemen there too and he said "Come back and see us again soon" and again I laughed! I had such a ad experience that I honestly would rather drive 5 hours to the one in Santa Monica then go to this one!
Ok Ok, at first I was bummed about going to a "chain" restaurant in Vegas but I was wrong, it was pretty darn awesome!

I'm a tourist, I bought the Las Vegas Bubba Gump glass my drink came in, it came with a plastic cocktail shaker too!

Ok, onto the food

Fries were Awesome, with the sauces. The Calamari lil soggy.
Shrimp Gumbo, Yum!
Seafood Paella, Wow! Delicious! PACKED with seafood and packed quite a punch! Spicy! But not too spicy so you can't taste, but pretty close, Mmm! Loved it!

And that drink everyone talked about - Great! Bit sweet but that's to be expected, it's a fruity frozen cocktail. I don't know if I'd run back here given all the other choices in Vegas on and off strip, but i would definitely not be disappointed if this was the chosen dinner venue again.
Great location, glad this place is finally open.

As a single diner, I sat at the bar.  I ordered a shrimp po boy with the fries.  This sandwich was huge.  In fact, the sandwich was served open faced as it was so large. The shrimp is deep fried and good, though not great.  Could use some southern seasoning. The fries are just typical.  I figured, if I am going to get full eating this meal, I am taking down the sandwich and avoiding the fries. Glad I did, I was stuffed by the time I finished the sandwich.

My waiter/bartender was Korey. Very nice guy. Good service and friendly. After my meal, I took a walk around the restaurant.  Great decor of Forrest Gump memorabilia, as in all Bubba Gump restaurants.  Went out to the balcony and there is a nice view of the Strip.
I love Bubba Gump's! I'm originally from California so when I saw that they were opening a location here in Las Vegas, I was stoked. I finally visited over the weekend and my first visit to this location was great! At first we sat down at a table in the inside but we had been walking around prior to coming in so we felt too warm, we asked if we could be moved outside and without any hesitation, they said yes! The view is gorgeous from outside! All our food was delicious, I got Lt. Dan's Drunken Shrimp, it was seasoned just right! On the plus, I got a free Shaker with my drink purchase! I highly recommend them, our server was very attentive and everyone was friendly as well.
Nice to see this restaurant make its way to Vegas. I have never been to one so I ventured in here during lunch over the weekend. As expected, since it is located on the second/third floor of Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops, the location gets great foot traffic from people on the strip or those coming from the bridge from the Cosmopolitan or Crystals/Aria. The retail store has all sorts of neat shirts, accessories and souvenirs and you have to go up the stairs to access the restaurant section. My eye caught the Stupid is as Stupid Does Shirt!

Since I was on a lunch break I did not take long and went to the bar. 

The only TVs I saw were at the bar and I did not see any in the regular dining area so I for now, I do not believe this is a good spot to try to catch any game; only come for the fish and shrimp dining!

I asked the bartender's recommendation and went with a cup of Mama Blues Shrimp Gumbo. He explained the gumbo as having worchestire sauce in it with a little kick and I like that sauce in my marinades so I was sold.  Surely enough, there was a little spice but 

The main course I ordered was the accidental fish/shrimp. This was a broiled mahi mahi with jasmine rice, grilled shrimp that came with a side of lemon butter with roma tomatoes. I've had freshly caught mahi mahi in Hawaii so I have a high standard when it comes to this fish. The one they served came very close but not quite that standard. It was a generous portion and came with some shrimp which I thought could have been bigger. 

The price of the meal was kind of high as well but that's what's expected from restaurants on the Vegas strip. This was a great experience and hopefully I'll buddy up with one of the staff there to come back in and get a discounted hookup. lol.
Yay i'm a fan is true. We were delighted to try this place was little taken back by the name didn't think the food would be great but it was. I am glad I loss the coin toss and ended up here.
Get the spicy jambalaya! And shrimp Mac and Cheese! Melt in your mouth delish!
Loved this place.  Had dinner here before a show we were seeing at the Aria (which is right across the street).  They do NOT take reservations, do call ahead seating, etc., so I was slightly concerned about getting a table, but since we were willing to sit inside (the outside deck is very popular), we got a table after waiting in line about 10 minutes, so not bad at all for a Vegas night.  Drinks were awesome, service was very good and quick and the food was very tasty.  Was really glad to see a Bubba's in Vegas, and I highly recommend.
I love seafood but I'm usually not a fan of chained restaurants.  This place was good. I had the shrimp scampi.  It was a big portion so I saved some for breakfast.  We also had some type of soup with shrimp, very delicious also.
Glad they finally have one in Vegas!

So when you get to the hostess, they ask you "So what did Jenny tell forest to do? RUN FOREST RUN!" I thought they were going to make us run to our table..So that was uncomfortable, not expecting pop trivia. So after we get seated they explain the stop and go sign to us. Love it, because EVERYONE stops to help, not just waiting on your server..

So server comes back with food and before we get to eat, we have to answer 3 more questions about the movie.. I was a bit annoyed because if you don't know the answer you kinda feel stupid.. even with trick questions like "What was the name of Forest's dog?" He didn't have one..

I think next time, I am going to lie and say I never seen the movie.. Less questions. I am such a party pooper I know. 

Food is what I come for, which is always good. I walked out like I just ate a buffet, which only was the Shrimp mac and cheese lol.
Atmosphere is casual and laid back. The drinks are awesome. I had the New Orleans shrimp-slight metallic taste Andy rice was a bit dry. Also had the hush puppies--not traditional style hush puppies and slightly undercooked. My boyfriend had the jambalaya-it was great. Had the dessert sampler. None of them were up to par. My main detractor was that they wouldn't seat us until our entire party arrived-even though we were ordering drinks and appetizers. I still give them 3 stars for the atmosphere and drinks. But food left a little to be desired. Oh and the sun was in my eyes the entire time.
Ok... The shrimp and fries were ok but the fish was not cooked all the way. The batter that they used wasn't even done all the way. The hush puppies were rather Interesting because they had corn and shrimp in the middle of them. It's was new for me and it was great. The service was outstanding because they had a License plate on the table that indicated run forest run, for the waiter to know that we didn't need anything. The other plate indicated stop forest stop for the waiter to stop at the table to see what we wanted.  Overall, I should of found a chicken joint to go to in Vegas. I would of spent less and and been  more happier. That meal I got with two soft drink was 30 bucks. I  Took a financial hit going here.
Ok this place is ok, just ok. The food is fine and the servers are very friendly. So here is what happened, the last tin=me I was there, there was a table of people clearly from their corporate office. All the staff were falling all over each other to wait on them hand and foot. The problem was that it was at the expense of the paying customers! (Yes I know all about the Stop Forest Thing) know let me be clear, I put the blame on the corporate people for fostering a culture where the staff felt they had to act like that. If the corporate people were there to check out the restaurant they should have lifted their heads out of their plates for 2 seconds and view the sight of all of the servers at their table and nowhere else. So stop there if you must but if you see a large table full of people with the entire wait staff around them: Run Forest Run! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Greeted with a smile and seated immediately with no reservation. Good drinks, great good. Fun atmosphere.
Overall the food was really good, I was impressed with the food, even though it was pricey. But your in Vegas you have got to eat good food and that costs $$$. Waitress was friendly.
Good food. Horrible service.
I've experienced Bubba Gumps once before coming to this one. When I heard Planet Hollywood was opening one I couldn't contain myself. The first thing you have when you enter is a souvenir shop which makes sense since there are a ton of tourists wandering the streets. you have to go upstairs to go to the actual restaurant. The walls are covered in Forest Gump memorabilia which makes it dangerous as you're walking up the stairs if you can't multi task.

Once we made it to the top the host asked whether we wanted to be seated inside, outside or at the bar. We chose outside and glad we did the view is AWESOME! Fast forward to ordering our food; our waiter was very helpful with explaining anything we had questions about and even offered suggestions. Most of the best tasting drinks come with a souvenir cup.

 We ordered a bucket of shrimp, half Cajun half garlic & butter, they dumped it out on a giant platter so you can grub away. Be careful though it can get messy. We also ordered lobster stuffed shrimp on top of jasmine rice. It was very oily but when something is smothered in butter what can you expect. It mixed well with the rice. Couldn't finish everything so we took a to go box and our souvenir cups all for $75. A bit expensive but i'm sure it would have been cheaper without the cups. Overall great service, food and great time.
Food and service - 5/5 !
Overpriced !
Had this restaurant bookmarked for some time now so we finally tried it for dinner last night.

Location - great view, but horrible to get to.  It is quite a far walk no matter where you are coming from.  You can either park in the garage in Miracle Mile shops, park across the street at Harley Davidson cafe (for a small price), or park at the Cosmopolitan and walk across the bridge.  The views, if you are sitting outdoors, is awesome!  The location is overlooking right in the middle of Harmon and LV blvd. which has the views of City Center and The Cosmopolitan.

Restaurant - Forrest Gump themed.  If you are a fan of the movie, you will appreciate the memorabilia all over the walls.  First floor is the retail area, Second floor is the actual restaurant.

Food - Overly priced small portions type of meals (what one should expect of a strip restaurant).  My boyfriend ordered 2 of what our server recommended which was the Georgia Sweet Tea (alcoholic drink) and the Shrimp New Orleans.  I ordered Lt. Dan's Drunken Shrimp.  I loved the sweet tea drink (again, it was a steep price for a small drink).  I didn't care for the sauce on the Shrimp New Orleans dish (even though the server raved about it).  All that matters is my boyfriend liked it.  The Lt. Dan's Drunken Shrimp dish was nothing out of the ordinary.  It was shrimp, sausage, mashed potatoes which shoestring chips on top.  I probably could have made this myself if I made the effort to.

Staff - friendly and attentive, but then again the restaurant wasn't that busy yet.  We did get a free glass at the end of our meal.  I didn't really catch the reason why, but I think it's because of the drink we ordered.

Honestly, I don't know if I can recommend this place mainly because of the price.  But if you are like me who has to try it just to say you tried it, live the experience..!
The food, service, and drinks were great! I loved the dish, Jenny's catch- the lobster sauce was out of this world and tilapia didn't taste fishy at all! The dish was recommended by the waitress whom was really nice to us as well! Great place on the strip! Has outdoor eating as well.
Crab legs were terrible. Poor flavor, probably undercooked.

Server did three high pressure sales pitches on buying a BG club card for $25. Worse than buying a used car. Totally inappropriate. Obviously s cash reward for her on selling them.

Will definitely NEVER return.
Love the food and the sexy service, i will total be eatting here again when i come back to Vegas
We went here for dinner as the sun was setting. We sat outside against the rail and had a pretty decent view of the strip as the lights were just starting to come on. I got the delicious shrimp heaven dish and I must of gotten and 30 shrimp (coconut, fried, tempura battered, shrimp cocktail, and fries)  I especially loved the coconut shrimp. We ordered the lava flow drinks in fun light up glasses which made for some fun pictures. Very good drinks, but way overpriced. The waitress even asked us some Forest Gump Trivia which just added to the experience. It's right next to the balcony of the goretorium bar and we saw some zombies taking a smoke break! Great time!
From the outside it looks like is a great place to eat and dine at but in reality it was not all that great, overrated. Horrible customer service took about 20 minutes to get our table some drinks. Many employees walking around and was never asked if everything was ok or to take our order and took about another 30- 45 minutes to finally get our food. Definitely not going back to Bubbas when I go to Vegas again.

Oh and did I mention the forks were dirty?. had to ask for CLEAN set of utensils smh
I had the best experience at Bubba Gumps with some of my friends!!! The food was amazing and the drinks were great!!! It's not cheap but the experience makes up for it! 

We had an amazing server (Lexi PLEASE request her!!!) and she made us feel so welcomed!!! I'm living in Vegas and this place was very comforting!!! The view of you are by the window is great and the Forrest Gump trivia is hilarious!!! I loved it here and will definitely go here again!! Especially if Lexi is there!!! :-D
Had a terrible experience at this place.  Prices are expected for strip... not extremely high.   First of all, I am the Front Office Manager of a major hotel.  I know service.  Our server was pretty good although our water stayed empty once we consumed.  Our issue was that someone from the kitchen delivered our two appetizers to the wrong table.  40 minutes later we asked where they were and they put this information together.   The manager came over and apologized for the delay and said he would personally bring them out when they were ready.  Not sure what that was supposed to do for us but he didn't personally bring them out anyway.   We decided not to order entrees after that debacle.  Our total bill was $74 (had 3 drinks, no biggie).  Asked manager to comp part of the bill for having to wait so long.  He told me, "I really can't do much for you, maybe a buck or two."  A buck or two?   Good service, bud.  Why would I go back to Bubba Gump?
I was first introduced to this restaurant back in 2005 in Cali. Glad they finally made their way to Vegas. Bubba Gump Shrimp Co is located ON THE STRIP. Tourist central. Nothing wrong witth that. But just be warned of the strip traffic especially if you go during peak hours.

Everytime I go to Bubba Gump, I ALWAYS...and I repeat, ALWAYS get the SAME appetizer and the SAME entree. 
For the appetizer I get the Cajun Shrimp. Let me tell you, THAT stuff is delicious!!!!!! The spices, the dipping oil, the garlic bread that comes with it....ohhh man. Excuse my TMI but it's like an orgasm in the mouth!!!!!!! 
For my entree, I get the Shrimp Scampi pasta. The sauce is light yet flavorful. The bowl is big enough for me to have leftovers for the next day.

Welcome to Vegas, Bubba Gump!
I wish I could review the food but since we could not get anyone to wait on us ( not even water ) I cannot. I will say that when I told the hostess others had been visited by their wait staff two and three times since we were seated she was unable to get anyone to take our table. I think we were in the middle the wait staff squabble and we were the recipients. Can we give a restaurant a negative number?
We were shown to our table and after about 15 minutes without being waited on at all (and asking a nearby employee if they could find us our waiter or bring some water) we left.
Bubba gumps based on the movie Forest Gump, later the waiter quizzed me on how many Dr Peppers Forest drank, he said 15, theres also a Dr Pepper sign on the restaurant wall, prior to all that I asked for a Dr Pepper, waiter said they "dont have Dr Pepper"...  WHAT THE??  ...no Mr Pibb either...
Very fun and delicious place on the Vegas strip that will forever remind me of my wife and I's first day in Las Vegas.

The shrimp is the best I've ever had and they make it many different creative ways. You might think it's just a seafood place, but you're wrong. 

A fun family atmosphere for a casual price. They have surprise trivia mixed in and the staff is fun. Awesome vacation stop for a family or couple.
Incredible experience! I absolutely adore all the detailed decor!! The mason jars were the coolest souvenir ever in addition you can receive a new cup in exchange for your used one when exiting the resturant! The food was okay and the service was excellent! Highly recommend for a dining experience! Thanks Abby for all your recommendations and personalizing our experience! 8/20/13
Themed based on the movie Forrest Gump, this restaurant serves up delicious seafood and other entrees. Once discovered, my family must come to this place every time they visit Vegas. The employees are great and the food comes quick and always looks delicious. You can order shrimp by the pound and they also have specialty drinks. They also have some great non-seafood entrees if you're like me and are just along for the ride with friends and family. Overall we enjoyed ourselves and would definitely be coming back.
I was fooled to think that this place is just for tourists. I was so wrong! If my German cousin wasn't visiting Vegas with me I'd never step into a Bubba Gump. But man I missed out!

The restaurant is very themed and staff is friendly. Now their food - definitely exceeded my expectations!

Of course we have scampi - one of the best scampi dish I've tried in my life. And I've been to 12 counties in the world including Italy.

Jenny's Catch - the tilapia melts in your mouth! The butter sauce is so (fat) but good! With some spinach and mashed potato to top it off.

Gumbo - the only thing I didn't like at this dinner. Strangely this is one of their customer-favorites. Just isn't for me I guess.
Bubba Gumps is one of my favorite seafood restaurants in Vegas if I want something on the strip with friends.  I love, LOVE, love shrimp and can't get enough of it here.  

The casual environment is great for a lunch spot and I've even came here just for apps and drinks.  In addition to seafood, they have a great variety of salads, deserts, and awesome style baby back ribs.  


My favorite is just the traditional margarita and they will even hand-shake it right at your seat. Bonus :)
Welcome to Vegas Bubba! This now means 2 things, I can no longer eat you in Cali, because it's against the rules being that you're an official Vegas restaurant now. Second, you decorated well, but maybe you should have stayed in Cali. I liked you better there. 
I was super hyped up when I heard the news that my city was getting a Bubba Gump. I have dined at both the Santa Monica and Anaheim locations in the past and always loved it. Fried Chicken, shrimp bloody marys, and cajun shrimp. YUMMMMM!
My boyfriend and I waited to go with our friends Mario and Sonya. They were always who we went with in Cali so it just made sense that we check out the new location together. I am in there looking like a tourist. It is set up so you enter through a gift shop, go up stairs and wait for a hostess. It looks just like all the other locations with great Forrest Gump decor. Everyone was super welcoming and friendly. 5 stars for service all around. Again as a tourist I asked to sit on the patio. It was about 9:30pm so the heat was dying down. We ordered a sampler appetizer that came with seafood hush puppies, chicken, fried shrimp, and shrimp cocktail and a pound of cajun shrimp. To me, the cajun shrimp were the highlight of the entire night. 
Mario and I ordered the bucket of trash which is a little of everything. Crab, fish, shrimp. It was average. Not amazing but not bad. My boyfriend had fish and chips which he didn't like, and Sonya had fried chicken, which again was average. Disappointed in average fried chicken because I know its above average in Cali. 
Now I understand when going to a seafood restaurant you should expect to pay $20 a plate. Especially on the strip. But oh boy do they rape you on the drinks. $4 sodas and $9 lemonades!?! And they charge for refills?! $160 seemed a little rough for 4 people. But maybe I am just not use to paying attention to the price cuz I am usually on vacation while dining here. But unless its a special occasion or a friend in town, I don't think I will be returning.
What can I say about "Bubba Shrimp Co", we had a good time but the food was just okay, I had never eaten there before and wanted to try it out, it was just okay, nothing to write home about...

I know its a big chain restaurant but I was expecting a little more out of the food...
i am such a HUGE fan of forrest gump! it's one of my all time favorite movies! :]

so this was my first time eating at a bubba gump and i've got to say, i fell in love with the theme. it was so interesting! there were so many signs and there were pictures and newspapers. there were also these adorable little signs that said run forrest run, and stop forrest stop!

the prices are were high but i thought it was fun. my friends and i were sat at such a bright room, and it was spacious and white! i think it was meant to resemble forrest's home since it seemed like it was back in the day. it was decorated with plates and pictures which i thought was extremely cool!

the waitresses were the nicest people i've ever met. they came every time, just to check up on us, which means, drinks all day every day!

anyways, loved the place and i'll come back next time when i go back to vegas!
Delicious!!! Wow what an experience for a shrimp shack.  The food was awesome and fresh, had the shrimp spectacular and it was.  The waiter was super friendly and had a great personality made you feel welcome.  

Really like the idea of flipping sign to show you are ready for stop or go.  Really good cocktails and you get a fee glass with purchase, it is a new one from the store:) 

Atmosphere and noise level were perfect lots and lots if Forrest Gump memorabilia on the was and slogans.  

Recommend to everyone who loves shrimp.
This is my 3rd visit to a Bubba Gump, and my 1st visit to the Vegas location.

First of all, kudos to the servers. They were certainly on point! Everyone helped out each other and were very professional. Thank you for our awesome customer service!

The restaurant is located on the top floor of where the Miracle Mile shops are. Very easy to get to and accessible from the strip. 

Our table of 8 (gratuity already included) placed different orders, but I made out with the cup of gumbo and the Stuffed Shrimp (stuffed with crab). My gumbo was OK. I haven't had a gumbo as good as the gumbo from NOLA unfortunately. 

My shrimp entree ($20) was soooo rich and buttery. WOW, such great flavor! I also tried my Dad's jambalaya and it was spicy! Drink lots of beer!!! I also tried the coconut shrimp, which I enjoyed as well. I had a tempura shrimp and I didn't care for it. There was a weird taste that accompanied it. 

The drinks/cocktails are expensive so expect to pay an arm and a leg for them! I had a Corona and that went well with our savory entrees. We were all so stuffed for dessert. 

Fun place to catch a meal. I love all the Forrest Gump memorabilia!
I just have to say that I have been a big Bubba Gump Shrimp Co fan since the restaurant first started in Monterey, CA.  I have been to locations all over the country, including Hawaii and I have only had one tiny food complaint once in all of those visits

I am so glad they finally have a Las Vegas, NV location and right on the strip is perfect!  I wrote Bubba Gump on their corporate website once a year for five + years begging them to come to Las Vegas....right after they do, I move away LOL!  I guess I better get letter writing again to get them to come to the North West ;)

I just LOVE LOVE everything about the restaurant!!  The food is always great!  The only problem I had this time is that I ordered too much food!!

I will be back over and over!!!!
There are a ton of places to eat in Vegas, Bubba Gump happened to be on our list because they have an outside balcony patio that we could sit at and look over the strip and my sister has never been here before. When we first got here the customer service was fantastic, everyone is smiling as they greet you and show you the way to be seated. After hiking up some stairs and walking for a bit, alas the hostess to seat us! We were sat within 5 minutes and greeted by our waiter. The drinks here are WAY over priced and the food was bleh....... the drinks were very weak and cost us about $16 each for one regular mixed drink in a regular sized glass, a beer was $13...... ouch! The food was very bland and just...... well bleh. No taste, no flavor, no yummy to it at all. I remembered the Bubba Gump in SF being WAY BETTER! Definitely disappointed in this visit. Along with the cheap food and expensive drinks came panic at the end of our meal. I paid with a $100 bill and made sure I told the waitress it was a $100 bill, she brought be back change as if I paid with a $50, then disappeared. After talking to 2 other waiters, they finally found my original waitress and she pulled the rest of my change out of her coin purse, her actual personal coin purse and said "oh im sorry I must have counted that wrong, let me get you change from my tips" its ok to miscount money I understand, but why would you have put it in your personal bag and not in the cash register, and why would you be paying me back in your tips!??? I didn't say keep the change and leave you a large tip..... so why wasn't I given exact change? So that was weird and not fun, the whole dinner was just disappointing, time consuming (for service was super slow) and having to hunt for my money back is just a pain.

Spend your money and time somewhere else!
great service. if you're looking for shrimp this is the spot! Po boy is a solid solid sandwich! shrimp n grits or also excellent.
Great view overlooking the strip way overpriced got two non alcoholic drinks a shrimp cocktail and a side Caesar salad and the bill was $37
I ate there on Wednesday November 6, 2013. I GOT FOOD POISONING. I  had the Jambalya. It would appear the the mixture of food in the Jambalya was not properly stored or prepared. We did have a great server and view. Would never return given that this is the first time in 20 years that I have had food poisoning in a restaurant.
First time here, service was great as soon as we walked in the door. I had the Shrimp and Grits, very very good! Our server Rikki was very nice and attentive. I look forward to coming back.
I do not eat seafood, but my husband does. I'd seen the movie 20 years ago, but didn't really like it. But as a fan of themed restaurants I agreed to try it. 

We got seated right away. Our server was very pleasant.  The "stop and go" sign on the table is a great idea, we utilized it. 

Most of the menu items contain shrimp. But there are a few choices for us non-seafood people. I had the fried chicken. It was good, and plenty.  The total of our meal was a bit pricey, but then most food in Vegas is.
We went here to sit on the balcony over looking the strip. It has a great view!  The food is ok.. The hush puppies are the best I've had. Bubba Gumps is a fun experience but way over priced..We split an appetizer, meal, dessert and 2 beers for $75! It was worth it for the view. I wouldn't go there if you're on a tight budget.
I've been to this particular restaurant before, and enjoyed it. This time was no exception. The hosting staff quickly and easily sat us at a wheelchair accessible table.

Our server, Rafi, was an absolute delight and fun. She and her team were attentive without being obtrusive, and her playful banter just added to a very enjoyable late lunch. 

We look forward to coming again soon.
Hit and miss

First time (12/27) there we had Tabitha as our server. She is fantastic. If you go here, make sure you get in her section. She is attentive without being intrusive. Funny without being obnoxious. Tabitha is the person I would want managing the front of house operations. Tabitha is the server that I'd want to be training and managing the server staff. 

The food was fantastic. The bourbon cream sauce was heavenly. I mean I want to drown in this and then be embalmed in it. The rest of the food lived up to expectations and well worth the price tag. The mac-and-cheese was perfect in every sense of perfection. Creamy, well seasoned, cheesy but not overly so. In short, this was on track to be a five star review. 

Since the food was so good we went the next night (12/28). This is where is falls apart - a generous two stars. 
The bourbon cream sauce went from "to die in" to nasty - tasted like some one added water to a flour paste. The drinks watered down. The rest of the food was cold and not even worthy of being eaten. 

The staff...... downstairs the greeter acted like we were some sort of bother. Upstairs the host/hostess was too busy playing on their intercoms to acknowledge customers standing there waiting to be seated. When we were seated we were put in a vacant part of the restaurant and virtually ignored. We were later moved by one of the servers that thankfully acknowledged our existence. The servers were busy congregating in the back around a laptop or TV laughing and carrying on like there were no customers. The hosts/hostesses were congregated in the front ignoring customers. 

I did receive an e-mail survey about our visit because we have a Landry Card. I received a follow-up phone call from Deborah about my comments. This shows that they are willing to change and always improve the experience. Hence the final 3 star rating.

When we go back to Vegas we will eat here again when Tabitha is working.
On my most recent trip here, the food was good and the same as usual, but it was the service and management that really pissed us off and now I don't know if we will ever return...at least to this location. 

Our server was alright. There was a couple times where we couldn't find her but I'm thinking they were just understaffed that evening; it was during the holidays after all. When we were done with our meal, she seemed a little pushy on getting us to buy desserts even when we told her we were way too full and just wanted the check. She asked us to think about it and she'd come back. What the heck? Why can't you just bring the check? It seemed like she wanted us to give a definite answer of no before she was willing to print the check. Strike one.

When we finally received the check, we attempted to pay with an e-gift card that had $100 loaded on it and our meal was $91 including tax. When she brought the receipt for us to sign, she told us that we couldn't tip with the gift card and that we still had $8 or $9 remaining on the card, awesome...where's the gift card, could we have it back? The server refused and told us it was policy to keep our printed gift cards whether or not there was a remaining balance. WHAT? How does that even make sense? I will never be able to use the remaining balance then! We asked her to make a copy for us but she refused and told us to simply re-print one when we got home...problem is how do you do that when it was a gift and I already deleted the original e-mail?! No other business I've frequented has ever asked to keep a gift card, remaining balance or not without asking first if I wanted it back. She told me this is what her manager told her to do, which didn't really help the situation. I considered not leaving a tip since I just lost 9 bucks but ended up leaving a decent one and decided to take it up with management at a later date since it wasn't her fault and she was just doing what she was instructed to do.

I e-mailed the company about a week later and complained about my remaining balance that was lost because I was unable to get my gift card back and 2 days later received a phone call from one of the managers of the Vegas location. She stated that it was company policy to do this and the server indeed followed protocol. I was really angry and got in a heated argument with the manager about the policy since it doesn't really protect them from anything, while making it super inconvenient for customers and discourages them from buying and using gift cards. It wasn't the 9 bucks that I cared about, but the principle of what was going on that seemed fraudulent to me. I got nowhere with management and she continued to tell me that it was corporate policy. Ok, I guess I'll have to contact them to get more info then.

Then we contacted corporate customer service and was told that this was NOT corporate/company policy in any way, shape or form and that the store was mistaken and they weren't sure why. They ended up sending us a new link to re-print our gift card with the remaining balance and informed us that we would be receiving a phone call apology from the General Manager once they contacted him about the situation.

All in all, Bubba Gump Las Vegas is run by liars and they did nothing but inconvenience my family and then lie to me about it to back up their side of the story. It will take a lot for me to come back here in the furture, if I ever do. Just thinking about it gets me fired up and angry. I really hope they go out of business some day when this all catches up to them!

UPDATE (2/12/14): Well, it's been over a month and still haven't heard from the General Manager of Bubba Gump or received the apology I was promised. Worst customer service of any restaurant chain I've been to! Would never recommend this place to anyone
This place is disgusting! I ordered one of their most popular dishes (shrimp New Orleans)  gross! It had a taste of dirt! I took my family here for their first time in Vegas and honestly I think there are much better places at a  fraction of the price! I was so disappointed and I wasn't the one paying a nearly $200 Bill.
Get the shrimp basket! It is a bit pricey ~$21 but I think you get a good selection of shrimps that they offer. It comes with coconut shrimp, tempura shrimp, cooked cold shrimp, regular fried shrimp, and some French fries. Also, my favorite sauce is the pineapple sweet and sour sauce! Try to ask for more sauce because I felt that you need more. 

I also got the shrimp gumbo for ~$6. It was really spicy and had barely any shrimp. I honestly don't recommend it because it was spicy and hot. 

The place is also on the second floor because the first floor is their gift shop. 

Overall, I feel that most of their food was pricey for shrimp but if you want to taste good cooked shrimp the. Go here! Also, the gift shop is a good souvenir place for tourists!
The shrimp here was average. I went with a healthier option on the menu and did not get my shrimp fried, I got the kabobs. There was nothing special about the dish BUT the shrimp were cooked properly. I would go back here and try something different. Also great decor from Forest Gump!!!
I've been to this particular restaurant a few times and i always seat by the patio, the view is really really beautiful specially at night. I always order the BLT shrimp salad! OMG its soooo yummy!
Our first time at this location. Seated immediately on a Friday night. Very friendly server named Darius. Ask for him. He is fun, attentive & full of Forrest Gump trivia. I tried to stump him but couldn't. I had the jambalaya which was excellent & spicy & just the right size portion.
I loved the theme of this restaurant, as a big fan of the movie Forest Gump I marveled when I walked in and felt I was on the boat they used to capture all those shrimps. 

The service at this restaurant was great and everything we tried at this restaurant was of great quality. 

I'm a big fan of sea food and if you are too ten definitely try this restaurant and get their halibut. We will definitely go back to this place. They all so have a fried combo basket with shrimp and fries which was amazing. As always I added the pics, so try this place and enjoy the fresh sea food, you won't be disappointed.  Also it's not extremely pricey as some of the joint in Vegas can be.
Bubba Gump shrimp is great. They have delicious varities of shrimp. Ribs are delicious, good drinks, friendly staff, great environment. yea buddy.
I had the worst experience ever at this place!!!!!
Service was horrible and the food was not great to make up for it either.
I heard soooooo much about bubba gump shrimp and was always really excited to try it, and finally a group of friends and I did. Sadly the server we had was AWFUL!!!!!!!!! I had never in my life seen anyone hate his "life/job" more than our server, he was talking to us like we were "annoying him" for just being there it was ridicules. He would cut us off in the middle of ordering, and talk to the other waiters around him, and when we asked for recommendations he just simply told us "that it all depends on what you like" in the tone of voice saying (just pick darn it!). 
The food was not great and the portions were SMALLER than expected but the service did not help, it made us just want to get out of there, without even getting a dessert (this pretty much never happens in my book so its serious! lol) 
and when we finally got the bill he asked us to pick up everything off the table put it in the plates and pick it up and hand it to him, (if you ask me, he pretty much made us clear our own table for him! lol and we tipped him after! haha)
overall horrible experience but gave for conversation at dinner and after! lol
Had to send the food back because it was cold, however the manager was extremely helpful.  The Forrest Gump trivia was funny, so brush up on your Forrest Gump trivia.  I didn't realize I know so much about the movie.
Friendly service. Fresh salads. Reasonably priced also. The pear berry salad had awesome raspberry dressing and the coconut shrimp are really good.
Great location in the strip. Very nice food and drink menu. Fantastic dinner for both taste and size. They have a patio with a nice strip view. Well worth the wait and beats the heck out of a buffet  
   Wait staff was friendly, knowledgable  and  attentive. I would go back.
Really good Veggie burger...!! Has cheese on it and in it so it's not Vegan friendly. You get a cup each time you drink a special drink but not all waiters will tell you that. Be ware of the pointy sticks they put in the burgers- they can hurt you before you know it! 
The waiters are coming by a lot to see everything is ok and that's great- they surprise you with a Forset Gump pop quiz that can be nice but only when your not in a Middle of a conversation... Lol 
I invite all my tourist friend here and they love it...!! Highly recommended..!!
I had a great time here.  I took my dad here and it was a lot of fun and the food was excellent too.  The key is to this place, get drunk and eat!
Thank you for giving me and my wife a nice time out in town. I have nothing bad to say. The food was good and sitting on the balcony watching people get crazy in Las Vegas was awesome. Thank you.
Good food! I was visiting Las Vegas with my husband. We went to the place for shrimp. I barely eat shrimp outside, because normally the restaurants don't peel the shrimp shit out......I know the shit is a line on the shrimp back.....when I order their shrimp,surprised me, they cleaned them so well. I was happy about this point! The food is really tasty, the service was good! I would like to recommend this place to my friend;)
Lots of fun , everyone is Friendly, Stephen our server was great. Food is good, fast . Atmosphere lively and upbeat . Lots of young people. Definitely will come again .
For starters the welcoming staff was very  friendly! My server was friendly and attentive as well, the food had good taste nice and fresh, nice presentation. Strawberry lemonade best I've had. I gave it four stars for the friendly attentive service.   I was  also impressed by cleanliness of the restroom. This was the cleanest bathroom I have ever seen in any restaurant, BIG UPS HIGH-FIVES TO THE STAFF AT BUBBLE GUMPS LAS VEGAS STRIP LOCATION...
Giving this 4 stars because my family really enjoyed the food.  We followed the server's recommendations and none of us were disappointed.  My daughter had the fish and my wife shrimp while I had the Jambalaya.  No complaints from anyone.  Service was excellent - we were actually served by a guy named 'Bubba'  :-).  A little of the pricey side though.
My server....Tammy...she was awesome sauce!!!  Her demeanor was pleasant.  She had good recommendations.  The girl who sat us down was nice too.  She made suggestions and I tried it...(I can't remember the dish) but it was good & I was pleased.  I wanted shrimp and that's what I got.

It wasn't busy.  We were seated immediately.  I am pleased w/ my visit.  The manager was funny and kind and when I visit Vegas I'll be back!

I bought stuff from the gift shop downstairs...the tall chocolate guy downstairs....very pleasant as well....I'd buy sweatshirts from him any time...


Bad part - the nasty little greeter outside who was picking her nose and face when we came up and offered us a place to eat??  It made me nervous to go inside...and she needs to put that ponytail up in a net too!!
The Petron margarita was fantastic. Had the steamed shellfish bucket, the meat was a little overdone but the 'broth' was delicious and loved to dunk the garlic bread in it although there were only two small pieces of bread. The butter that was given for dunking purposes didn't really work for me either. Best idea that my wife had was to scoop the rice with an empty mussel shell then scoop some of the delicious steaming liquid.

Bubba Gump's is always an all around great time and I will continue to enjoy each and every visit that I make. Plus a free collectible glass at the end of your meal doesn't hurt.
I ordered the shrimp and grits very attentive staff. My wife had the mahi mahi very tasty
The food is bland, overpriced, and bad service (although our server was sweet) everyone else was rude. I ordered a chicken caesar salad, my husband ordered the shrimp scampi. I didn't taste his food after he said it tasted like the smell of Raid. The chicken in my salad was so bland I had to pour a bunch of salt in it. Not to mention it took them forever to bring out our food.
Bubba's is a decent place to go with decent, Vegas priced fish and burgers.

If you haven't been to one of these chains before, it's worth the visit. They're known not so much for their food but for their Forest Gump themed decor. Every inch of the walls, down to a separate room in the joint wallpapered to look like one in his famous house. They've got a license plate system on the tables, a blue Run Forest run plate for when you and yours are doing fine and a red Stop Forest Stop plate for when you need a napkin or a drink. Any waiter nearby will be there to help.

They've got a big menu that encompasses many different items that are sure to satisfy any picky eaters needs. There are a few Forest-themed drinks, but, being in Vegas it's really not much.

I've been to a few different Gumps in my days and the food is always pretty good. This place was no different. I devoured most of the hearty helping of fish and chips in front of me. Our waiter was friendly, joking with us and quizzing us on our Forest Gump knowledge.

This location is nice too, right off the walkway across from The Cosmopolitan. There's also a terrace to sit outside if it's not as chilly as it was when we were there. 

This is a nice family place to eat on the Strip with the slightly over priced grub you'll find all over Vegas. Yum.
So let me just start off by saying that we love Bubba Gumps. We've gone to different locations and have had great experiences every time...except for this one. The restaurant wasn't very crowded. There was no wait, but we got seated in the very back room all by ourselves. Felt a little out of place and ignored. That was strike one. 

Strike two was when we ordered. I wanted a dish that came with tilapia and just wanted a different fish like salmon or mahi mahi. Most places would say "sure no problem" but our waitress said "nope. We can't do that." Imagine my shock when a restaurant can't do a simple switch like that. It took several tries of me asking her to please go double check with the chef before she finally went to ask. She came back and what do you know..."oh okay we can switch that for you". It's just very irritating when a restaurant makes it seem like a hassle to do something simple for a paying customer. 

After that whole incident I had asked for a comment card...and guess what. They don't have any. Of course they don't have any. So that's why I'm writing this here.

All in all food wasn't anything special and service sucked. Our food was cold when it came out and they just dropped it off without a word. There are so many options on the strip and you can find something a lot better! Needless to say I will not be returning or recommending this location to anyone.
The patio was so nice on a beautiful day!
The service was great as were the drinks! They will have a couple on special each day.
We just had a snack of shrimp (half cajun, half regular (I think soaked in beer) 
DELICIOUS and not too busy for a late lunch.
Everything was clean, even the washroom.
Ya, it is a chain but an interesting one, I recommend it. You will know what amazing shrimp cookery smells like as you climb the stairs to the bar area!
This was my first time ever to this restaurant. The food was okay. I had the Shrimp Po Boy sandwich. I wasn't to keen on the fact the sandwich came with mayo (which I had withheld) and I couldn't replace that with a different sauce. The bread was kind of thick, which I didn't care too much for. I asked the server if I could just get popcorn shrimp with fries and he dryly replied "no". The drinks are good, but for $14 you would make out like a bandit at the Rock Bar or Evening Call size wise. The server never said his name, which was the first step to informing me the service wouldn't be superior or close to it. I saw him sitting in a booth with two of his other female customers as cozy as ever. Yeah, no bueno. If I try this place again, they'll have to drag me there.
My mother brought me here for my Mother's Day Dinner as I love Bubba Gump. I like to collect all their pilsner glasses every time I go to Bubba Gump in other cities. 

So, the one here in Las Vegas is situated almost in the center of the strip, right by Planet Hollywood. If you choose the patio seating then you will get a beautiful view of the strip and it's so worth it, especially at night when the weather outside is gorgeous.

To start off, we ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms which were piping hot when delivered to our table and oh so delicious. My mother ordered the Forrest's Seafood Feast which was really good. I am not a hush puppy fan but I definitely liked there's especially with the remoulade that comes with it. The coleslaw, I didn't care to much for it. it was bland. For my entrée, I ordered the Captain's Fish & Chips (the bigger portion). I liked it because you can actually see and taste the fish, it wasn't all batter like at some places but I would have preferred homemade potato chips rather than French fries. Lastly, for dessert we ordered the Chocolate Chip Cookie Sundae, which just melted in your mouth. The cookie was just so gooey and warm and definitely hit the spot after your meal.
The service was just terrible. Half the time we didn't even know who our server was. My friend ordered vegetables sautéed with NO butter and olive oil instead but got a bowl full of vegetables in a pool of butter. 

The view of the strip is amazing from here though.
Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. 

My friends and I went here on our first night in Vegas and were starved for just about anything. We got seated quickly, which was nice but that was probably the only pleasant part of this dining experience. 

My friend is on a pretty strict diet and asked if a certain dish could be made without butter, the server said she would go and ask and that was the last we saw of her. The next thing we know the runners were bringing us our food and the dish that she asked for without butter looked like it was drenched in it. We asked if we could ask the manager or anyone if there was butter on it and it took about 30 minutes before we got any kind of answer.  Finally, the manager came over and assured us it wasn't so she began to eat it. About 10 minutes later she came back and said it actually was made with butter.  By this time everyone else was done with their meals. All in all it was a headache of an experience and was handled terribly by the staff.
Best hush puppies I've ever had. High price for the food but the atmosphere is fun and the entire staff was very friendly. Had a large group 10+ and they got us in less that 10 min on a Friday afternoon.  Like that they treated the kids like a fun addition to the group rather than ignoring them and only speaking to the adults.
The food was good the service not really, why use a system with plates when the employes don't care at all, I switch to red plate and after over 10 minutes some show off to take care, draft beer in plastic glass no bueno
We went there with a party of 7 on our recent Vegas trip and were seated right away (it was a weekday). The service was really good. Our waiter played fun trivia games with us and the overall atmosphere for my "Forrest Gump" loving family was fantastic. We loved all of the little details that made the restaurant so nostalgic to the movie, including the "run forrest run"/"stop forrest stop" license plates on the table to use to get the waiter's attention. Perhaps it is a tourist attraction but overall we loved the place, loved the food, and enjoyed the service.
I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews on here. I think people sometimes make the time to leave that good ones out. Our server Chad #1 was awesome! The coconut shrimp was amazing! And so was the french fries, ranch, and mango strawberry chillers!
My friends and I came here on a wimp and ordered based on the pictures. The strawberry chicken pecan salad was extremely delicious and I'm not a vegetable type of person. Server was very kind and helpful as well. Definitely a must go if you're on the strip!
Came her on my fist visit to Vegas in February and I gotta say I expected waaaay better. I got the salmon and it was he worst. My fiance at the time now my husband, got the something (i cant remember) that was just as bad. Bad choice and wont visit again.
the food is good, & the service is EXCELLENT! our server stephen went above and beyond his job!! HE kept us entertain while waiting for our food to arrive...(which didn't take that long) 

it's my mom's birthday.. aside from the desert we ordered, they gave us something on the house too as well!! 

the manager checked in on us if we are having  a good time. I'm telling you guys, if you want a good food, and service matters to you. check this place out! it's awesome!
Food was alright and very very very overpriced. It was ridiculous. I am still shocked that I paid $6 for a non alcoholic beverage, their strawberry lemonade! Its a nice atmosphere and our server was very nice and attentive but the taste of the food and the prices just don't add up. I will go back though to try their shrimp po boy which I saw someone else get. It was pretty big and only cost $13. Other than that they wouldn't see me there for awhile.
Stopped in for lunch today. Tried the Shrimp New Orleans dish. The food was very tasty, but it was our server, Keisha, that made the experience a step above great. She was very patient with us while we were trying to decide what to order for our drinks and entrees. She made some suggestions that were really helpful. Keisha, keep up the good work !
In the words of the Terminator,  I'LL BE BACK !!
Outstanding, friendly and fast service. My wife and I had the Cajun shrimp appetizer. For dinner we had the shrimp pasta with capers. It was outstanding. We ate every bite. We also had a few beers.  Our server even offered us to go cups for our beer. Gotta love Vegas.
I had higher expectations but it wasn't that bad. If you're looking for something affordable that's along the lines of an Applebee's or TGIF's then this is the place, especially in it's prime location in planet Hollywood. The view is great. And the servers are enthusiastically perky. 

Clam chowder: not the usual creamy version but more of a thin stew. It was okay but just wasn't expected.

Forrest's Seafood Feast: A good amount as a sampler. Fries are decent, fish and chips were overly battered, fried shrimp was okay but the hush pups were good. Not the usual corn breaded hush puppies.
We were at Bubba Gump on July 3, 2014.  I thought it was pricey.  I think I paid $17 for a Creole shrimp dish but it was yummy!!  The service was excellent  and they were very nice.  If I go back to Vegas I would go there again.
Summary: Every time we visit Vegas we always walk by Bubba Gump but never stop in so for this trip my SO decided to drag me in. I like the setting, kind of remind me of Boiling Crab (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-boiling-crab-garden-grove-2?osq=boiling+crab+restaurant) minus the sharpies on the wall.

Food: Base on yelp review, we decide to try their Hush Puppies first to see how it is before heading in to the main course. Luckily that is all we tried. The hush puppies was bland and very oily. 

Service: 5 STARS for the staff members, from entrance to exit, the whole staff was cheerful and friendly.

Overall: We should have kept walking. We should have stick to, "hmm maybe one day we should try this place" and just never try it so it could stay mysterious. But we tried it. We didn't like it. End of story.
This place is new to me. They had Cochinitas on the menu and I've never had pork prepared that way. It was great in the Torta. Basic menu and good food.
After Zip lining through the jungles and swimming in the Cenote Sagrada (Sacred Well)
we feasted on a local spread which featured Salbutes, Panuchos, Pollo Asada, and Cochinita Pibil. One of our greatest food memories on our visit to Cancun.

Enter Carlos Cervera, a native of the Yucatan and 30-year resident of Las Vegas, and a restaurateur who's taking a gamble, not only opening up a restaurant, but in a location where he calls the "Scary Mall" because of the few businesses that are here,(same mall as Del Taco and Four Kegs off of US 95 North and Jones) Huge space, out of the way location where people don't really frequent, alot is riding on his shoulders...

But I love the optimism and passion of this man, and also in the food he serves here. He along with family members Miguel and their cook who is also family have brought the flavors and soul food of the Yucatan to diners who want to experience the real deal. Yes, he has had to compromise a little to people who come in looking for Tacos, Burritos, and Quesadillas, which is why he has those items on the menu as well.

We started off with some chips and two great tasting salsas, and a vegetable soup filled with potatoes, carrots, and chayote. After a pretty lengthy conversation with Carlos and Miguel about our visits to Cancun, the places, culture, and people, and his early "rocker" days(His fave artist is Jimi Hendrix) out of nowhere comes two tamales-One done in the Yucatan style steamed in Banana Leaf and One in the usual corn husk topped with a really complex Mole-both filled with chicken, but each having their own distinct flavor.

Carlos also put together an assortment of Panuchos for us-Fresh tortillas smeared with refried black beans, meat(we had chicken, turkey, and cochinita pibil) topped with lettuce, tomato, and avocado-one bite of this instantly brought me back to that Zip lining moment through the jungle, and if food can make me do that, you can bet that I'm a fan! We finished off with some Arroz con Leche topped with bananas, raisins and cinnamon, which had a great flavor but the rice was just a hair under(not as bad as the Embers risotto though...;0) We don't really know the full total because he didn't charge us for our full order(sneaky guy) but we one-upped Carlos, added the menu prices up and left a hefty tip on top of it. He asked us to sign his "Good Luck" book and we thanked him and his family.

It is businesses like this I love to continue and support, I am in the process of working out the deets with Carlos so we can all gather up once again for a taste of the Yucatan...Stay tuned!....ALOHA!!!!

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(47/100) "Soul Food of the Yucatan...:9"
After reading Nelson's review, I had to try this place.  It is hiding in plain sight.  I can't believe the number of times I've passed on the freeway and saw that large open shopping plaza, much of it empty, and little did I know there was a gem of a restaurant right in my line of sight.

I stopped here after a "Showgirls of Las Vegas" program at the Nevada State Museum.  I was the only customer at 5:10 and remained the only customer for the hour I was there.  It's a shame.  They should have more business.

I got the chips and salsa and I asked for the hot salsa.  That salsa with habanero peppers is quite good.  The mild salsa is fine, too, and I liked the small bits of avocado in the mild salsa.

The woman brought me a bowl of complimentary soup. It was not the vegetable soup shown in other photos for Chicken Itza but rather a noodle soup--fideo soup.  It was very good and very hot!!  Let it cool for awhile so you don't burn your lips, tongue, throat, and anything else to which this may come in contact!

For dinner, I ordered the panuchos.  Since there are three to an order, I got one, chicken, one turkey, and one pork (cochinita pibil).  All three were excellent!  The split tortilla filled with refried black beans with the tasty meat and toppings were super!! The meats were very juicy and this was a more than one napkin experience.  The meat could have been a bit hotter, but it didn't detract from the flavors.

For dessert, I had arroz con leche which was not complimentary.  It is really, really, good!  It had a nice amount of cinnamon, raisins, and bananas and there seemed to be some pieces of crust as if the rice and milk were baked in a pie crust of some kind.

The horchata was very good. 

I'm coming back to try their other Mayan (Yucatan) specialties!  It is so wonderful to live in such a diverse city with all these different foods from which to choose.
My husband and I read a review about Chicken Itza, and found out is was around the corner from our house, so we had to try it !! I had the panuchos, which were very tasty and my husband had the salbutes which he said they were also good. We got spoiled by the chef/owner (??) with their vegetable soup as our appitizer, then he also treated us to his mole' chicken tamale which was very yummy, then we also were treated with the Spanish version of rice pudding with cinnamon and raisins and sugar and cinnamon tortilla chips, was ultra yummy !! We were so spoiled that I bill was only what we ordered and that only came to $16. We actually went back the very next day to try the burritos (which we also loved) and we got to try the noddle (fideo ?) soup which was also great !! We are so glad it's around the corner from our house, we plan on going at least once a week :-)
Mmmm Chicken Itza 

After seeing this listed on Yelp as one of the new recommendations I couldn't wait to try it out. Chicken Itza is located off of Jones and the 95 in the same shopping center as the new CAL Ranch store. The decor was very pleasant and lively with brightly colored chairs and fun sombreros hanging from the ceiling. The waitress very helpful with her food recommendations. I couldn't help but admire the freshly made to order food. 

Chips and Salsa Verde: The chips that were brought to the table were hands down some of the best i have had of late. They were perfectly crunchy and very refreshing when paired with the yummy salsa verde with the fresh chunks of avocado. They were so good we almost ate the whole basket. 

The soup: The soup was a pleasant surprise and brought to us along with the chips. It seamed to be a broth base with lentils and strips of pork with vegetables. My boyfriend enjoyed his more than I practically scrapping the bowl. 

The Chicken Panuchos #1: So yummy, I was a little upset at myself for not being able to finish them but my stomach was so full after the unexpected treats. I ended up taking to of them home to finish after my food coma and they were just as great. I wish I had more. 

Chicken Mole Enchilada: My boyfriend devoured this in less then five minutes. You know its good when you have to sneak your fork in to steal a bite. 

Chicken Mole Tamale: Usually not a fan of mole, but this had to be one of the best sauces I have ever tried. The chef made this special for us and that always gets points in my book. 

I will be back and plan on making it to dessert next time.
While you wait for your meal they bring out chips, salsa and their soup of the day! I miss Cancun and this place reminds me of that happy place with their native cuisine would be waiting for us to sample after swimming in a senote sagrado exploring ancient ruins and zip lining through the jungle. 

The owner made some suggestions and we tried tamales, Salbutes, Panuchos, and Cochinita Pibil tamales topped with mole negro.  All that was missing was the most popular soup in all of Yucatan their "Sopa de Lima" which I will have to return to try. This is a family owned and operated restaurant and you can definitely sense their pride in every dish. I will say to keep in mind that every state in Mexico will have their own food specialties and will differ from state to state which in my opinion makes trying Chicken Itza a unique dining experience.
Just found this place and my coworkers and I have officially placed it into our weekly rotation.  The owner is awesome.  He is so passionate about his food and its authenticity.  As soon as we sat down, he brought out homemade chips with 3 different kinds of salsa - including a very spicy habanero (my favorite by far).  He then brought out some kind of soup with lentils and barley, which was great.

The menu is very simple, which is ALWAYS a good sign.  Food was perfect. The atmosphere is so authentic, I kept having to remind myself that I WASN'T in Cancun on vacation.
Dang, Cabron!
What a surprise. Thought we'd eaten most of what was to be eaten on the West side, then THIS! Feels like you are in the Yucatan.

Clean aftertastes. That is HUGE when it comes to Mexican food. Chicken Itza has it dialed. The Habanero salsa is perfect - not too spicy, not too 'buttery'-tasting. I poured it all over my food just like a typical salsa - a first. (And I did not regret it later in the day :)

My sizzling hot plate ($6) of chicken enchiladas w/rice & beans was fantastic and generous. The special Yucatan-style pork mini-tostadas ($6) were amazing as well. Plenty of food. 

It only took one time to know I was going to be a regular. 

Friendly Yelp Tip: IF you're a freaky fan of Komex or of Taqueria La Mexicana, you will definitely want to try Chicken Itza. I won't give away the ending (but I think you may have found your new value spot.)
After living in Southern California, it's hard to impress me with Mexican food. I'm used to real mexican food, great street tacos, and getting it all cheap. Chicken Itza is better than any other mexican food I've had in Las Vegas because it's real.  The curb appeal of the shopping center is lacking, but my favorite foods always come from dives and holes in the wall. The chicken in the enchiladas was amazing, their green sauce made me tongue happy and their horchata was authentic. We spoke with the owner, and he is delightful. Give Chicken Itza a chance, your taste buds will thank you.
Great food from the Yucatan!  Care and tlc in their product.  Carlos is a character and makes you feel welcome.  The habanero salsa is a winner if you can handle it (which i do a drop at a time!).
What a find!  Don't be put off by the location - I-95 and Jones - next to the Cal-A-Ranch Store.  The panuchos and salbutes were fabulous.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  Definitely a must try!
Excellent traditional Mayan cuisine! We found this place on Yelp and loved it!! We will definitely come back. The cochinita pibil enchiladas were delicious!!
The only reason I gave this two stars... Is the fact it is open all night.

My husband and I arrived in Las Vegas much later than we intended (due to a dead battery!) so by the time we checked into Circus Circus we were famished. 

We were under the assumption Las Vegas was one of those 24/7 kind of towns and were shocked at how much was closed. 

We found the Pizzaria and were so relieved SOMETHING was open. The pleasure stops there. 

We ordered a 10 inch pesto pizza and it was awful. First off, the only thing pesto about it was the fact there were full pine nuts on it. Otherwise all I tasted was garlic. Everything garlic. Now I love garlic but not when it's the only flavor.

The crust wasn't too bad and tasted reasonably fresh (no frozen) but the toppings were a disaster. Take it from me, if its late... Find a McDonald's. This location was a disappointment.
Meh!

We ordered this for room service and they messed up our whole order, but we were already so fed up with this hotel we took what we got and ate.....the food was ok....if you like chuck e. cheese pizza.

the salad was gross and we asked for ranch and got Italian.

My son and dad loved it....thats the only reason for 3 stars
The BBQ chicken tasted a little too much like BBQ chicken and had me forget that I was eating a pizza. It was DRENCHED in BBQ sauce and had me regretting that me and my boyfriend ordered it. I had already ordered mild chicken wings as a appetizer and was actually wanting a pizza =(

Let me add that another couple was sitting near us and asked how the BBQ chicken pizza was and we had to tell the truth - "order something else".

They have a soda fountain available so you don't have to wait for your server to refill your drink for you. I guess it can be a hassle to get up to refill your drink though when it needs to be refilled so I guess it's all about how you look at it.

Our server though was skimpy on the napkins and ranch. My boyfriend asked for more ranch and she gave us just ONE MORE PACKET. I guess I'm just use to being given several servings of ranch, but that's just me.

The only good thing I can deduct from this place is that it is open 24 hours. That didn't really have an effect on me since I live in Las Vegas, but I guess it would be more convenient to anyone staying at Circus Circus wanting to get a late night bite.
Finally, a much needed alternative eatery in the growing Downtown area for a causal breakfast or lunch. The feel is refreshing, welcomed natural lighting, comfortable and conversational, similar to a walk up cafe you would find in larger cities. The menu fresh, distinct and elevated comfort food. Can't wait for a Sunday brunch there hopefully soon!
What a great place. Location was great and parking was a breeze. MTO is attached to the city parking garage so looking for a spot isn't a problem. Also, the parking is cheap ($3 for our 2+ hour visit). But let's talk about the real stuff here....the food...

The menu isn't huge, but the variety is. While that might make you think the choices would be easy, they are not. EVERYTHING looked good. I ordered the bacon pancake dippers and my wife had the Skuna Bay salmon omelet. Both were out of this world. The omelets can all be ordered as wraps or skillets so the "not huge" menu will force you to make difficult choices (guess we will have to return). Oh, and the peppercorn syrup that came with the dippers was so unique that I wish they sold it so I could use it at home.

We were there with other friends and their choices were all delicious as well. 

Here's a tip....if you are there in the morning and there is even the slightest chill in the air, sit at the rather large (14 person) community table with your back to the window and the sun beaming in on your back makes your comfort food meal that much more comfy. This will be my new brunch spot for sure.
Here we go, breakfast with two kids... Not always an easy task so we have to make sure to scout it out beforehand. Easy parking, check. No stroller needed, phew. However, I am sure it would be more than welcome. Kid menu, check. In fact, it's super cute! While most parents pull out the iPhone or iPad during a meal, MTO Cafe offers up a fresh alternative - an etch-a-sketch, love it! Kid-friendly, check. Not only is the menu important, but so is the atmosphere. Overall family approval, five stars. 
Not only is it kid-friendly, but I will most certainly check-in and hook up in between downtown meetings. With individual charging stations at each booth, free Wifi and a fun, inspiring ambiance you will find me here, hooked up on a regular basis. 
Parking and location is a breeze, located just below a public parking garage so it couldn't get much easier. I am sure that the landscape will change during the week - business people and those looking for a to-go option. 
One thing I LOVE - the outdoor dining, one thing that Vegas is missing. For this alone, I will return.
The food was AMAZING! Honestly, I am not a huge comfort food gal so I went with the avocado omelet and am so glad that I did. However, I found myself devouring the mash potato, stuffed hash browns... a must! Chef has perfected the french onion soup according to my husband (he was french trained we later learned, so why not give it a try). The littles appreciated the smiley face ketchup that accompanied the grilled cheese and baby boy loved the vegan coconut, carrot pancake - even though he can't talk, I'm pretty sure that lack of anything left is a sure sign. 
With the restaurant just opening there were a couple things not available so we will be sure to visit in the coming weeks to give those a try as well. Until then...
MTO Cafe just opened at 1:00pm on Oct. 22nd so the timing of the 1st three reviews are a little suspicious. The cafe is on the smaller side, but well designed and welcoming. I ordered the Skuna Bay Salmon wrap, which was not what I expected. The wrap had eggs in it, which were not listed in the description, and I do not like salmon and eggs cooked together. I was expecting something more like a wrap version of lox and bagels. Aside from that fact, I think other people would like this combination. For a $12 wrap, I would have expected it to include chips or fries, but it didn't so I also ordered a side of fries... which where unseasoned and "floppy". 

Overall, it's nice to have another dining option downtown, but I think MTO Cafe is a little on the pricey side for breakfast and lunch offerings. It will be interesting to see how they do over time.
Promptly seated and served by an engaged Wait Staff. High marks.

Ordered the Hen House Wrap w/side order of fries. A moment of humor, when the person who took my order asked if I wanted the wrap as an omelet or a wrap. Hey, it was busy, and he was trying hard.

The wrap was good. It would have been better, if it had more chicken. There wasn't much chicken on a wrap that sells for $14. There was supposed to be a sliced tomato according to the person who took my order, but sadly, not.

I chalk up the "problems" as start-up-iris. I'm certain things will be better soon.
An oasis of tastiness in downtown Vegas!

Easy to find and park as the parking garage is right above it and cheap at $3.  PLus it is an easy walk to the Smith Center.  

The menu is seemingly small but confounding as there are so many yummy dishes.  They just opened but I have been there twice.  

I loved the Chicken and Waffles, which I've never tried before and they have killer omelettes and pancakes.  Then there's the Fat Elvis.  French Toast with bacon, peanut butter, nutella and bananas.  So good.  The hash browns had me going until I realized they were crispy on the outside and stuffed with mashed potatoes inside.  Wow.

Definitely a must stop-by when dealing with anything downtown.  Or just because you want to check out the evolving scene...
I tried MTO Café on my last trip to Vegas and I was really surprised such a great restaurant opened up downtown. The food is amazing. I had the 1/2 Iceberg wedge salad and Mac N Cheese, my husband had the Thanksgiving Burger. All were outstanding. I love that parking at the Café is so easy being located my a large parking garage. The wait staff was new of course but friendly and efficient. Also - they serve Kool-Aid!!!
I came to MTO Cafe the second day it had opened. Like Bonnie C., I too am confused how there are reviews about the place before it had opened. The reviewers don't mention a soft-opening....

Anywho, I must say that I was very excited to check the place out, since another place to eat lunch downtown is always welcome. But in this case I have to say I left a little sad. 

I had checked out their menu before heading over and had my eye on a couple of items. We were promptly seated and brought our drinks and while my friend perused the menu I checked out the décor. The place looks great, with nice big windows and a 50's diner meets modern bistro vibe. I ordered the Queso Carne, per the menu is skirt steak, velveeta cheese and red wine drunken onions. The waitress said it was a wrap. My friend ordered the Tree Hugger, with quinoa and veggies. The waitress asked my friend if he wanted any sides and my friend said no. When she brought out his dish we saw that it LITERALLY was just the quinoa patty. No bread, no sides. What?!? Granted, she did ask if he wanted a side, but if she had specified how diminutive the dish was he might've ordered something else. My dish came on a hamburger bun (which was really good, btw) not a wrap as the waitress had said. It had fries with it, which were fresh and tasty, although the menu did not specify it came with fries. 

I think there should be a bit of consistency on the menu, how can some dishes come with a side and others don't? My burger was ok, the meat wasn't really skirt steak, and it was more like little cubes of meat. I think our meals were overpriced. We left feeling a bit deflated. 

I will be back to give them another try for their breakfast because I've seen pictures of the dishes and they look larger than the lunch dishes.
I have now been twice in the last week.  Once for breakfast and once for brunch.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!   Easy to find, easy parking, unique and delicious food options  (Avocado Omelet was awesome and the fried apple ring concoction is not to be missed....tastes like fried beignet dough over an apple ring!), cute space.  Great coffee and also great big coffee cup (which is important).  All employees were grateful for my business and I felt very welcome.  They even have a limited liquor license for I think beer and wine, which can add to the ambiance when you are deciding on a brunch spot.   I definitely will be back and I love this addition to the emerging downtown scene.
I'm glad a place like this has opened in Downtown area, loved the atmosphere and my quinoa dish was excellent! colorful and yummy. When I saw the servers passing by with other dishes I knew I had to try more from the menu, I guess vegan pancakes will be next, I'm definitely returning.
Had the hangover burger... the best burger I've had in a long time.  Cooked to perfection. The dressing on the little side salad is haunting me. DELISH!
This is a really cool new place.  My wife, 4 yr old daughter along with two friends hit it up this morning after  charity walk at Fremont St.  We were seated immediately, brought our drinks and promptly ordered. 

All five of us ordered something different, and everything was fantastic. I had the Chili Omlette, it was great. Wife had Dunkin Pancakes (I think that is what they were called) and she enjoyed them. Our daughter ordered the Apple doughnuts and they were amazing! Can't recall what the friends ordered but they both had nice things to say.

It was a tad pricey ($75 for 4 plus child) but I will return.  The entire menu was loaded with stuff. I would like to try.
My two girlfriends and I chose MTO as our newest discovery (as part of our irregularly scheduled brunches together). We were pleasantly surprised by the modern and warm decor. The staff was very pleasant, friendly, and efficient. We all loved the over sized coffee/tea cups. The menu choices were awesome. I had the MTO breakfast with 3 eggs and different meats, and their amazing hash browns. I'm not one to eat sausage, but when I took a bite of the homemade chicken sausage, I was blown away at how nicely flavored and fresh it tasted. The turkey bacon was one of the best I've had. My girlfriend had the lemon poppy seed pancakes with fresh blueberry compote. Her words were, "wow, these are like a party in your mouth, they're so good." Of course, I had to try them & they were amazing! The blueberries were the best flavored and fresh tasting. My other friend had the chicken skillet and raved about the fresh tomatoes and perfectly blended flavors.

When we were finished, the owner came over and spoke to us for a while. He shared that they get their produce from a farm in northern California - all no pesticides. They don't keep a freezer on the property because all of their food is fresh & free of all the "bad stuff." We could tell, because it was a two-thumbs up, five star place! I'll recommend this to other friends and will definitely return.
I checked this place out with a business client of mine the other day after seeing the various yelp reviews about it. The interior design is very cool inside and welcoming. Staff is friendly and engaging. They have outlets at the booths that are convenient for laptops and getting work done.

Food: My friend had the MTO breakfast platter. According to him it was good. Bacon was cooked perfectly. Although for the price, I was expecting a larger portion size. I got the chicken in a waffle dish. It was good, but I wasn't in love with it. Once again price was a little steep for what you get. There's a lot of great breakfast places in town where the food is spectacular, the portions are large, and the price is cheaper. 

On a side note there Mashed potato Hash browns are really really good and unique. Unfortunately I found a piece of hair in them......... Being the person that I am I didn't say anything to the waitress as I could tell she was new and didn't want to give her a rough time.

Overall, place is nice, food is a little over priced. Food quality not bad.

Idk if I would come back here again.
Great decor and cute signage for the restrooms. Love the plate glass storefront that looks out on Main Street and City Hall. You can also dine al fresco. The food, I had the MTO breakfast which had 4 different breakfast, toast, 3 eggs and those very good hash browns you're going to hear about. Everything was cooked perfectly. The chicken sausage was my favorite. My dining partner had the salmon burger. Two highlights - homemade pickles on top and they really treat that salmon filet nicely. Highly recommend. For dessert, we had the suggested fried apple slices. Seriously fresh and delish! High points for really happy and competent waitstaff. I recommend this place and I plan on returning.
Great new downtown breakfast/brunch/lunch place. We ordered two different "skillets" which are basically scrambles. The one with tomatillo salsa is divine. We also had the mashed potato stuffed hash browns- loved those! We met Ben, the congenial owner, who insisted we try the fried apple rings- they were excellent. Great service, very nice interior and exterior. My kids loved the etch-a-sketch menus. My husband didn't love the shallow, wide coffee cups (coffee got cold quickly) but the coffee itself was good.  MTO Cafe is a great addition to downtown Las Vegas. We're looking forward to going back and trying many more items on the menu.
Not enough good things to say about this place. So happy to know that downtown Vegas has places like this to just come and enjoy a nice Sunday brunch, casual breakfast or a weekday lunch.
Food. Well. AMAZING. I felt like the "needy" client because I ordered several things from the menu and they graciously helped me with my order. 
The server, her name is ERIN by the way. Not only a beautiful girl but so pleasant and sweet. It made the experience even more incredible. 
Perhaps one of my favorite places in town. It is definitely A MUST CHECK OUT!. 
One extra pointer. Please try the hang over burger. Out of this world!
Went here for lunch with some coworkers.  We were excited to something new Downtown.  I ordered the Hen House, it was a decent size but unfortunately it had no flavor, so I only ended up eating less than half of it.  My coworker ordered the Grilled Cheese and she absolutely hated it.  It was SO SMALL, it looked like croutons. It came with a "salad" which were some mixed greens on the plate, no dressing nada. My other coworker had the Chicken in a Waffle and she really liked it.  The place is very nice and the staff are amazing so I was sad that my meal was so disappointing.  Also, a bit pricey for what you get.  I know they have not been open long so hopefully things will improve!
What a great morning we had. We decided to support a friend and her new adventure at MTO cafe. When we arrived we were greeted in the most friendly manner. The staff here is amazing, our waitress was very friendly and her food knowledge was tremendous. There were five of us so we decided to try many dishes. Started of course by the ladies having bottomless mimosas. Food, yes we had food. I had the 3 egg with meat breakfast. The meat was as follows. Bacon, turkey sausage, turkey bacon, AND spam. That is right I said AND not OR. I guess AND is better. The other folks atheist table ordered many more blends of food. I will start with "The fat Elvis". A French toast sandwich with bananas, Nutella and bacon. This was very tasty and very rich in flavor a salty, sweet. Masterpiece. Harry's Berries, waffles with this delightful mix of Berries on the top, the waffle was light and was not too filling. Lemon poppy seed pancakes also with a fruit medley on top and a fruit compote drizzled over the top. Light and flavorful mix, the lemon not too overpowering. Chicken in a waffle, chicken fried chicken inside a waffle sandwich covered in chicken gravy. Chicken was moist, and the waffle light and airy. The gravy on top was definitely home made and filled with flavor. Smoked salmon omelet. This omelet has pieces of salmon and cream cheese soaked into the middle. Eggs were fluffy and the smokey flavor of the salmon with the combination of the cream cheese was like lochs and cream cheese in an egg dish. Amazing. What is a meal without desert. Yes we had desert, recommended by one of the owners. Forgive me for forgetting his name. We had Mini Donuts and Fried Apple Ring. The donuts were coated in powdered sugar and drizzled in honey grown over the hump in Pahrump. Very tasty, but over powered by the fact we still had the fried apple rings. These fried apple rings were awesome. A cut Granny Smith deep fried and served with a cinnamon sugar sauce that we could not get enough of.
  We will be back to this new Gem of downtown. The staff was very attentive, our drinks were never empty. Always a plus with me. The menu is simple one page of choices. They are open for breakfast and lunch. We cannot wait to try the burgers and wraps. Some breakfast items can be had as a wrap as well.
  Please check this out you will not be disappointed.
Ate here for brunch, got 'The MTO Breakfast'.  What a lot of meat!  My goodness.. I appreciated the variety but wasn't a huge fan of either the sausages or the turkey bacon.  Regular bacon and spam were of course yummy.  My eggs were cooked as I asked, no complaints there.. so why 4 stars instead of A-OK? The best part of this breakfast was the Mash Browns.. I don't know what that smushy stuff was on them but it was delicious!  Also the sourdough that came with breakfast was just perfect.  Good coffee too - this is definitely a nice brunch spot - worth a trip outside the strip to try something different..
Great Breakfast, Friendly Staff.  3 of us went for breakfast and had a pancake stack, chicken and waffles and the egg white omelet with la carte hash browns.  Everyone thought the food was great but $51.00 for the breakfast mentioned above plus coffee and iced tea is a little steep for breakfast. Add to that parking fees and gratuity and you have strip prices for a very good downtown breakfast.
Had brunch here on Sunday- great food,
Great service and great atmosphere. I met 2 friends and everything we had to eat was tasty.  One of the owners, Ben, came by to make sure everything was ok- a nice touch.   I'm looking forward to dining there again soon.
came in  for  breakfast  with my family  of  four  on  Sunday the 17th  not  only  were  we  seated  promptly  but my  kids  loved  the etch- a- scetch  that  they got  to play  with while waiting  on food,  so much so  that they now  have that on  there xmas  lists.  food  was melt in your  mouth  good, I  got  the  chicken in  waffle  and a  side  of  sausage, my son  got  the  crustless pb&j,  my daughter  got Mickey mouse  pancakes,  and my boyfriend  got a  skillet!  our  table  was so quite after the food  showed  up  cause we were  too busy eating,  which  can be a  challenged  with kids sometimes  as all  parents  know  to well  :)service  was attentive  without  being  too  attentive, and super  friendly.  you  can tell  the staff  really  are  as happy to be there as  the customers.  this  quickly  has become  our  new found  Sunday spot!
Been hearing about MTO for a bit. I found out about it at the Downtown 3rd Farmers' Market. At this point, I really prefer to go places where I know they are getting good ingredients. This was recommended by the folks who work at the market, and they told me they were buying a lot of their ingredients there, sooooo....
I finally got there, they had an etch a sketch for my 2 year old son to play with, and we ordered the bacon (excellent), the fries with gravy (very good), the hash browns (awesome!), an onion soup (tasted like it was made today, fantastic), and the caesar salad and strawberry fields salad with chicken. The Caesar was good, maybe not great. The Strawberry Fields salad was amazing, the arugula, the strawberries, the balsamic dressing! Magnifique! Also we tried the walnut tossies, mini pecan pie like cookies, yum. I will be back, and they may even deliver to where I live!
Great place, comfortable atmosphere. Everything looked great but I was unfortunate enough to order the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes. A great example of everything that can go wrong with vegan cooking: gooey, dense and overly sweet to cover up the extra baking powder. Basically a flat ball of dough on a plate with nothing else on the side. I really don't want to be hard on the place but of all vegan things, vegan pancakes are probably the one thing you shouldn't have an issue making ;)
Had the treehugger sandwich. The quinoa bun had a nice time toasted flavor. Very attentive staff.
Great food, super staff, a pleasant environment--5 stars all the way.  After an appointment, I came here to have breakfast.  I had looked at the menu online and read other reviews and I was all set to get something more on the healthy side.  When Ashley came to take my order, I opened my mouth and out came, "Didn't I read that you had some kind of Elvis breakfast?"

Folks, don't be confused like I was.  There it is, hiding in the sandwiches and not under the breakfast section of the menu.  Ashley showed me where it was and that's what I ordered.  Peanut butter is healthy, no?

Breakfast consisted of two slices of French toast with bananas, bacon, peanut butter, and Nutella inside--something from each of the five food groups so I deemed it healthy!

Before ordering, I was brought a very large cup of coffee.  You almost need to use both hands to pick it up and it was refilled quickly when I needed the push to be able to do stupid things faster.

My breakfast was brought and it was delicious!  I think Elvis would be pleased that he's being remembered with some good food like this.

All the staff at MTO was outstanding.  One of the bus persons asked me how my breakfast was as he removed my plate.  When I said, "Excellent," he replied with a, "That's what we like to hear," and a big smile.  I chatted with another staff member about restaurants in Los Angeles and he gave me a tip about a place to go in San Gabriel.  

I have to come back and get the pancakes with carrots and coconut.  It looks too good not to try!
Delicious food. Hangover burger, chicken and waffles and especially the queso carne. Fries with gravy were great. Love the comfort food here.
Amazing food!!! I had the Queso Carne and it is the best hangover cure. Great service and it's a trendy spot for DTLV.
Damn, MTO is delicious and everyone here is so nice. The food was fresh and plentiful and the owner, Ben, is incredibly nice and gracious. Our server was very attentive and the place is very very nice. Highly recommended. Oh. And try the Crabbies ginger beer.
Even better than the last time. I went with one of my dearest friends and let me tell you. This woman is THE MOST COMPLICATED PERSON I HAVE EVER KNOWN and the waitress was stellar. Food always awesome. Definitely try the apple pies. Make some room at the end of the meal. You won't regret it.
Overall this was a good breakfast with a descent menu selection. Word to the wise, share a plate. I ordered the MTO breakfast and ended up waisting half of it. I HATE WASTING FOOD!!!! but whats a man to do with breakfast food hanging out in his car all day?the eggs were good and the bacon was perfect. There was was this other rectangular looking meat thing tat was super salty and not that great to taste. It also lost a star for not validating parking. It doesn't have it own parking and, is instead, connected to a parking structure. It was only $3 bucks, but who wants to pay to park for a restaurant?
Great food. I love the innovative decor, menu and ideas - like etch a sketch kids menus and electric delivery bikes.
MTO Cafe: Made To Order.
This is a nice, new, cheery spot located across the street from City Hall, on the first floor of the parking garage right there. A friend and I met for a meal on a recent Friday at 11:00am and were seated right away. The menu offers up breakfast and lunch items, many of them comfort food style: chicken n waffles, grilled cheese sandwiches, as well as a Fat Elvis sandwich (French toast, Nutella, bacon, peanut butter, and strawberries).  The 'made to order' part applies to the breakfast, where you can choose a wrap, omelet, or skillet form for options that include avocado, salmon, chicken, chili, and broccoli.
I had the MTO breakfast:  3 eggs, chicken sausage, 2 slices of turkey bacon, 2 slices of regular bacon, 2 slices of Spam, mash browns, and toast.  Opting for egg whites and sourdough toast, it was a larger than normal meal for me with all of that meat.  The bacon was made just right, but the Spam wasn't cooked long enough and the turkey bacon was buried underneath the eggs and just limp. The chicken sausage was good, too.  The mash browns are a combo of mashed potatoes and hash browns and I enjoyed those very much.  I left one slice of Spam and half a slice of chicken sausage on my plate, full from all that food.  
I used my Yelp check-in offer of free Walnut Tossies when we got there.  Our server had never seen it before so she took my phone over to another waitress who cleared it with her boss.  Said boss, Ben, came over to our table and introduced himself as one of the owners.  Apparently I was the first person to use the check-in so he asked how it worked on the phone app, I showed him, and he was very happy.  I was happy with the Walnut Tossies at the end of the meal for dessert, 3 little mini-pastries of walnut and brown sugar.  
Overall, it was a good experience, especially since my friend treated me to this meal.  I don't spend $14 on breakfast on a normal basis, but I'll come back to try some of the lunch items.  MTO Cafe is a cool addition to Downtown and nice to have as a dining option there.
I'm a breakfast guy... and after my favorite breakfast place in town took a big hit on Dirty Dining and got a "C" rating, I was looking for an alternative. When my wife read an article on this place she said I should check it out. I'm glad she did.

My first issue was trying to find parking that was free. It was early on a Sunday morning but the only free spots on the street (still a block from the restaurant) were all taken. MTO is conveniently situated in the bottom floor of a park garage, but inconveniently it cost $3.00. 

I got there right at 8:00am and it was pretty much just me and the staff.  I was greeted very nicely and my server was very attentive.

I wanted the Poppy Seed pancakes but also wanted some eggs, sausage and potatoes, Everything is a bit pricey, My bill with coffee (good coffee) for just me was $29 and change!  Add in the tip and parking and it was almost $40 for just me!  I think it is the most I have ever paid for a breakfast, and I have had breakfasts is some great places.

I did get the MTO breakfast that came with assorted meats... (more than I expected or wanted) and the pancakes(3) were big and pretty good.  I am a big guy with a hearty morning appetite but I took half the meat and half the pancakes home and had them the next morning.

It was a very good breakfast, but I don't know I will be back.  The parking cost was a surprise.  (The waitress said they are working with the city to be able to validate).The coffee machine (I think it was) made a terrible shrieking noise every five minutes or so (like crying cats standing off against one another)  that went on much longer than my early morning brain was ready for. 

 I like good heavy, hearty, crusty European style breads (La Brea Bakery style) and they offered only light weight fluffy types (Wonder bread was actually a menu option!). I ordered whole wheat, (which was thick sliced but also light and fluffy) which I barely touched (I had the pancakes).

I think there are better breakfast placed for much less... and they have free parking.
OMG. People! If you haven't been to this GEM of a restaurant yet, you are missing out. It's my new favorite spot. They opened up downtown only two months ago and I've already eaten there (or from there) like 8 times. And if you know me, that's pretty impressive. 

First off let me talk about the food, it takes center stage. The hangover burger is ridiculous. Angus beef, Tillamook cheddar, fried egg and their house slaw IS OUT OF THIS WORLD. I rarely go back for seconds on burgers, this one i cant get enough of. Also their Caesar salads are just the right amount of garlic (for peeps that like that sort of thing, which i do) and caressed by flaky tender croutons. The breakfast is also amazing. Try their MTO special, 4 kinds of meats, eggs and this amazing mash browns (WHAT...) It's bananas. I never knew how good SPAM was till now. 

Guys, check this place out. It's ridiculous good, I for one am going back to try everything on the menu at least once. 

The staff is super friendly and attentive, and the ambiance is hip and inviting. Truly a great find on my part (good job Dre, your welcome bro). ALSO, 15$ bottomless mimosas or bloody mary's...cant beat that. 

Trust me guys, check this place out, your stomach will be thankful.
Breakfast and Bansky art ;) If you're tired of the Vegas strip, crappy overrated old fashioned restaurants, and you're in search of a cool place to eat, then this place is definitely for you.

It was my last day in Vegas and I wanted some nice breakfast that wasn't going to be greasy and large just for the sake of it. Americans love their large portions. Anyway my yelp search brought me here. Actually I was heading to "eat" but all the roads were closed off and I didn't want to walk alone with my 19 month old amongst all the foul smelling homeless people so I had to yelp search again but I'm glad I did!

I shared the MTO breakfast with my son. OMG it was one of the best breakfasts I've had, full of protein and lots of YUM without feeling greasy and grossed out afterwards!! Three eggs, chicken sausage, FOUR pieces of bacon (I think two was Turkey had two normal), spam (I wasn't too keen on but hey I'm not American), tomatoes, cheesy hash, some berries and two thick pieces of toast. I wasn't keen on the bread only because I'm from Europe and I'm not a fan of American "bread". I wish I took a photo of it but as soon as it came my son was all over it so I missed my chance :( you really have to see it to appreciate how yummy the breakfast is. I love my chicken sausages and turkey bacon so it really was a perfect breakfast for me. Coffee was good too. 

If you checkin on yelp, you get a free pastry. We got a free muffin and a small pastry as a substitute because we had to leave and the walnut toastie was still baking. 

I saw some cool looking pancakes with grated carrot (?) on top and also bacon pancakes!! Which my husband would've really liked if he would've come with us. I'm sad we have to leave today, because I would've come back again tomorrow if we were still in Vegas.
Holy cow!  This place is amazing.  FRESH local food sourced locally and stored only in refrigerators with no freezers or microwaves in existence.  

Best breakfast we had in Vegas; the blueberries, strawberries, and blackberries were great accents to our meal, and I loved that they have real lettuce (arugula, greens) versus non-nutritional man-created iceberg lettuce.  

This place just opened 2 months ago so it's still relatively unknown by mainstreamers making it fast, quaint, and personable.  It's family run versus corporate and so there's a lot of pride in how this place operates even by staff.  

Every booth has outlets that are USB ready.  How convenient!!

Parking is free on the street on Sunday.  Conveniently located next to the Mob Museum, Neon Museum, Fremont Street Experience, and Pawn Stars.
Food was good however very very slow service. Small restaurant. Our order was put in wrong and we were brought a wrong waffle and also our side of toast was forgotten. Not sure if I would recommend this place or come back again. Also, they do not validate parking (only 3$ but still)
Tired this place yesterday with my cousin. She told me about it and this was my expierence. It was really busy as it was Sunday at noon and our wait was less than 10 for a table. It's a small space but it's so modern and elements of different city feels. Our server was really friendly and attentive. And I noticed the owners were there talking with everyone. I loved that. I ordered the chicken "in a waffle", it was sooo good! Super tender crispy fried chicken sandwiched between fluffy waffles and then gravy alll over! I added syrup to it, wasn't served with any and def put syrup on it. Great portions and a bonus, they serve it with fries. Made my Sunday! Coffee was great too :)
This is a perfect spot for breakfast, brunch, and/or lunch in downtown. Located on Main Street, it is easily accessible from the parking garage directly behind the restaurant. Bright, open space with large windows looking out towards the new Las Vegas city hall building with a choice of an outdoor seating area that would be best enjoyed in warmer months. 

A bestie and I decided to share all our dishes so we could get a better idea of the menu. We enjoyed the baked potato soup with crispy slices of bacon to garnish (which was the perfect warm-me-up, comfort-food starter); the tomato basil soup accompanied by a miniature grilled-cheese sandwich; the Elvis Breakfast French toast sandwich (which was more like dessert rather than a lunch sandwich but I was not about to complain about it); and the buffalo Rueben sandwich (I'll eat sauerkraut on anything and this was a unique pairing to me). I had a soup-bowl-sized cup of coffee and my friend had a fresh juice made with a plethora of healthy green goodness that helped balance out our carb-loaded lunch. All the dishes were DELISH.

Service was great as well. Our server was very attentive and kept my coffee cup full which is a requirement for a good review when coffee is involved at a sit down restaurant. I will also come back to try the $15 mimosa brunch special with the ladies. I think Mimosas make any brunch just a little bit brighter.
My second visit to MTO Cafe and I loved it! Service is great! I met the owner Ben who came up and introduced himself which I thought was awesome to see the brain behind it all! Didn't meet his business partner but hopefully next time. My server was Jennie and she recommended chicken and waffles which I must say was very delicious.  Thanks all and see you guys again soon. I live downtown area so it's nice to know there are places like this around -- gotta check it out and try out the mac n cheese as well! Amazing!
Awesome downtown gem. Just had a fantastic lunch with great service. Can't wait to come back for breakfast, they look amazing. And remember it's never too early for a Crabbie's ginger beer!
Friendly Staff and Amazing food in a hip up-beat atmosphere! Dont miss the Walnut Tossie
My mom: "I like the feel of this place."
Me: "What would you say 'the feel of this place' is?"
My mom: "I don't know how to describe it. Yuppie?"

I brought my mom and bro-dizzle to MTO in their first foray of downtown Las Vegas and the place was hopping for a Sunday morning. We were greeted right away by the gentleman working the counter who turned out to be the proud papa of one of the co-owners. While perusing the menu in our quoted 5-10 minute wait, he suggested what to eat if we were "really hungry," and what to order if we were "just hungry." 

Among the 3 of us, we ordered the avocado breakfast as a skillet, though it was also available as a whole wheat wrap or omelette; the queso carne sandwich; and the bacon dippers. The avocado skillet had a green chili topping that gave it a kick so even though I asked for ketchup and hot sauce, it turned out I really didn't need too much of it, if at all. The queso carne was exactly like it sounded - lots of queso with lots of carne topped on fluffy slices of bread. The bacon dippers was a platter of Americana lovin' - carbs and bacon, married in one item - essentially strips of bacon right in the middle of pancake mix. The presentation wasn't as mind-blowing as the other two items, but the flavor was there. +1 for bacon lovers! 

The cafe is bright and a very modernized, contemporary step up from the usual diners throughout the city. There aren't any $3.99 steak and eggs, but there are $15 bottomless mimosas and bloody Marys! 

P.S. Check in on Yelp for a free order of walnut tossies - they were out when we went, but sent over an equally-winning mini apple pie! :)
Had a great breakfast with my friend here. The ambiance is fun and colorful. In regards to food, my veggie omelette was tasty and light, my friend got the lemon poppy pancakes which she also really enjoyed. The owner came by our table and was also very friendly... I guess it had only been open a little while when we had visited.
Losing a star after after my last brunch visit... 

I will begin by saying that I'm super jazzed that MTO is now open downtown and the food and servers are great. The Fat Elvis is delicious and the chefs/owners have a real commitment to creating excellent food 

But...now that business has picked up, service has slowed down.. An hour is way too long to turn food around and get it on the table. If the food is going to take that long, please PLEASE get some carafes of mimosas! It shouldn't be a battle to partake in the unlimited mimosa on a Sunday morning, especially if you're paying for it. Just some constructive criticism to ensure the service continues to match the quality of the cafe.
Interesting retro vibe, friendly service, smooth  Lavazza coffee and delicious lemon poppyseed pancakes! We found this place by accident but will be back the next time we're in Vegas.
Went here twice during Christmas week. Food is delicious, huge cups of coffee, great homemade donuts and apple rings, delicious green and red drinks, reasonable prices, fresh ingredients, and above all, great service. The restaurant is clean, with charging ports in the booths. Try the MTO breakfast, it can serve two people. Burgers are amazing! The place is off the strip but really easy to get to by car. Nearby is the Gold and Silver pawn shop, where you can snap a few pictures of yourself after your meal at MTO. Would definitely return.
I'm glad we chose MTO Cafe for our first breakfast of 2014.  I ordered the MTO breakfast that was truly amazing.  My friend had the Fat Elvis french toast sandwich that also turned out to be fantastic.  Friendly staff, great food and supercool Banksy art on the walls make this a must visit if your downtown!
Worst service in town!  Why can't I leave a -1 Star review???

New Years Day 2014.  My uncle and I sat at the bar as we didn't feel like waiting for a table.  Our waiter promptly brought us our drinks after sitting (coffee).  After that, everything went downhill fast.

We both ordered the $14 MTO breakfast.  We waited 20 minutes for our breakfast.  Sitting next to the open air kitchen, we watched at least 6 party's seated after us receive their food before us.  Every single server there works with blinder's on, so don't expect refills on drinks and the like from anyone other than your server.  All servers there avoid eye contact and all of them walked past our empty coffee cups we intentionally placed at the edge of the bar.  It was almost laughable as servers prepared their drink trays next to our empty coffee cups.

I ordered my 3 eggs scrambled and received 2 eggs fried hard & 1 over-easy...all 3 over-cooked.  I brought this to our waiter's attention and told him that I'd eat them anyway (didn't want to wait an additional 20 minutes for scrambled eggs).  I asked for jelly for my 4 pieces of toast and was given just 1 plastic serving.  My uncle asked for jelly and received the good stuff in a small dish (we shared).  Their hashbrowns are mushy...don't understand how that's possible.

I eventually received coffee refills after throwing dirty looks at the young waitress who brags about also working at the Hard Rock steakhouse.

The manager came by towards the end of our meal and asked how everything was.  I looked him directly in the eyes and replied "awful".  He turned his back to me and walked away with no reply.

*Note to locals*  If your considering the MTO special for breakfast here, you'll fair much better at Wildfire with the "Gambler's Special" without paying 7x the price (seriously...the Gambler's Special is only $1.99, $2.99 with choice of meat).  The difference (besides the outrageously higher price) is the couple pieces of fruit on a toothpick.  Further, the food and service are much better at Wildfire.

Sitting directly across from the kitchen, we did get a good look at other dishes offered and they looked delicious (especially the wraps).  As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.
Had an amazing breakfast here. The fried apple rings, chicken and waffles, and mini donuts with local honey were all outstanding. Hangover burger was also excellent and service was fantastic. Coffee was also exceptional.
Love this place! The food, atmosphere and service all were A+. I can't wait to go back and try their lunch menu.
This is one of my new favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. Especially downtown (besides Eat). Believe me when I say that EVERYTHING we ordered was bursting with flavors and the freshness.  I can't wait to go back and bring new friends for lunch or breakfast.

PROS: Corned Buffalo Hash
             Grilled Cheese (brie, honey and toasted walnuts)
             Queso Carne (steak sandwich with drunken red wine onions & velveeta cheese)
             Red Juice (beets, arugula, lime, red bell pepper. . . (other things)
             Fresh salad
             Bacon Dippers
             Carrot & coconut pancakes
             Outside seating (if you have pets)
             The decor
 
This was one of those places I thought would be a overpriced corporate lunch stop so I didn't rush here. . . As usual, I was wrong! They have something really good cooking in that kitchen for everyone!  And like most places I gong before trying. . . I'll be back SEVERAL more times because it's that good.
I love the ambiance of this cafe. The owner's dad was making his rounds and was very friendly. The servers and the hostess were also very considerate. The food and drinks were amazing. I ordered the green juice and my husband ordered the red juice. I had a skillet and I was completely full. Great portions for a great price! I didn't stop there, I tried both of the fried donuts. The fried apple donut is amazing!!!! Can't recommend it enough. You might have to fight someone for the last one. I know it hasn't been open long, I hope they continue keeping up the good work. Great service and real food are appreciated.
Love this place!!! Great Mac n' cheese! Love the bottomless mimosas!!! Thanks Jennine!
This place is delicious! Yummy comfort foods with a little twist. I had a skillet which was very yummy, needed a little salt, but hit the breakfast spot and was loaded with potatoes. My friends got the chicken in a waffle which was heavenly, but very rich. The gravy on top just makes it. 

Be sure to check in and get your freebie :)
cute little eatery off the strip! the food was fresh and delicious. you must try the chicken in a waffle. it's the perfect blend of savory and sweet for brunch; and the gravy is absolutely mouth watering. 

the service was great, the food came out quickly and the GM, Ben, came by our table to see how we were doing. 

if you're looking for a brunch/breakfast in Vegas that's reasonably priced and a few minutes from the strip, this is the place to be!
The breakfasts here are amazing (and huge)! I have been here several times and the wait staff is very friendly and truly believe in service. The doughnuts are ode-worthy, and the eggs extra tasty. Now one of my regular breakfast stops. Have had lunch there--also good--and huge! The only cons are paying to park and I wish the menu had a few more options...but don't let that stop you. 

Go. Go now.
Yummy! Ordered the Vegan Carrot pancakes. 
Arrived in front of me were 3 large, thick, fluffy, perfectly moist and heavenly pancakes sprinkled with crunchy coconut, pecans, grated carrots and agave. I could barely eat 1 pancake the serving was so huge. My partner got the chicken & waffles which came with gravy and fries. I loved the crispy crunchy coating on the fried chicken! Very tasty. The Green vegetable juice also pleased me. 

The place is modern, simple but cheery atmosphere. Reasonable pricing. Good service. Wholesome and fresh food.
Vegas is a tough place for vegetarians. It's a city that equates meat with success. So I did some research before we went, and chose this place for a nice brunch on my wife's birthday. We were both pleasantly surprised.

We were welcomed warmly by the staff and by a woman who I'm assuming was the manager or owner. When I mentioned that I'd found the place on Yelp, and that it was my wife's birthday, we were offered a complimentary amuse bouche - two tiny walnut tarts.

My wife had the Skuna Bay salmon skillet, and I had the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes. Even though we didn't need them - hers came with home fries, and my meal was already pretty carb-laden - we also ordered a side of these potatoes that melded the best of hash browns and mashed in one dish. Decadent, and necessary.

We also ordered bloody marys, made with Soju, a Korean liquor that's lighter than vodka, so we didn't need a nap when we were done.

Everything arrived quickly, and was consumed with gusto. The food was fresh, inventive and delicious, and the service was attentive without being overbearing. The room has a nice, warm ambiance with plenty of natural light. 

Best of all, the place takes its job seriously, but also knows how to have fun. Social media is embedded in the experience, and the tables even offer USB plugs on the wall to recharge your devices.

The short walk to Fremont Street  burned off a few calories. We'll be back for more,
Great cafe in downtown Las Vegas. Loved everything I had on my first visit & already planning on when I can return. I had the green juice, the Chile omelette, & tried the fried apple rings. So good!!! And love that the food is all fresh, much of it direct from the farmers market downtown.
Way overpriced, stay away during breakfast. Omelets are $11-$14 and they come with no bread or potatoes (which add for $2 each).
Food was good but we found the same quality for half the price at other nearby places.
Excellent food and service.   Fresh and unique breakfast options.   Everyone is friendly.
Okay food and okay service.   Might be willing to try again but not impressed
Food was good... the fat Elvis was delicious same with the walnut tossies and the French onion soup.
They forgot to bring out a few items of ours and for some reason one of the managers/owners came to talk to us like every five minutes to talk, and kind of stood right by us interestingly enough and watched us eat and it made us a little uncomfortable.
This place is great! 

Its a nice little trndy spot off the strip by City Hall. Everything we had was great and the service was very friendly. The portions are large.I  would rather eat here than a buffet. 

Side note: This is owned by a gentleman in the military. I will be back to support the place next time I am in Vegas not only because it was good, but because we need to support our military.
Items selected:

Walnut Tossie
MTO Mini Donuts with Local Honey
Chicken in a Waffle - Bechamel, Fried Chicken, French Fries
Vegan Carrot + Coconut Pancakes with Pecans and Agave
Fat Elvis - French Toast, Banana, Bacon, Peanut Butter, Strawberries, Nutella
Grilled Cheese - Brie, Local Honey, Toasted Walnuts, Brioche
Thanksgiving Burger - Open Faced on Truffle Bread Pudding with Orange-Cranberry Sauce and Mashed Browns
Lavazza Coffee

Always happy to see a chef preaching the ethics of local-seasonal sourcing and scratch-made-to-order cooking, particularly in the breakfast scene, it was unfortunately a rocky start for myself and MTO Café as even before they opened for business a steady trickle of shady "Five Star" reviews began to fill the internet, a trend not uncommon but nonetheless off-putting and causing me pause until more respectable voices were heard...in this case 3 months later.  Open seven days a week from breakfast till lunch and already a downtown darling with critics, city hall, and Zappos affiliates it was on a lazy Sunday that a friend and I sat down to a table in the airy, charming space just after 8:15 and with on-point service highly praiseful of both Chef Church and owner Ben Sabouri's vision much of what followed would prove well worth the hyperbole, a total of seven items and nearly as many cups of coffee comprising our 90 minute stay.  A menu broad in sections yet well-culled in scope it was with a wide swath that we cut through the options and requesting that items be sent out individually as the kitchen felt fit it was from sweet to savory that the morning progressed, an early offering of doughnuts that came off a touch oily and the doughy bread of the 'Fat Elvis' minor disappointments more than offset by fluffy vegan pancakes, creamy brie on lightly sweetened brioche, and superlative proteins such as the fried chicken smothered in béchamel or the tender turkey burger atop savory bread pudding alongside signature "mashed browns," a crunchy/creamy juxtaposition of butter, brine, and starch.  Off to a good start and informed by our server that the new menu is scheduled to debut in just a few weeks I look forward to seeing how MTO evolves over time - early marketing tactics aside this is a spot with 'destination breakfast' potential and along with 'eat' already a reason for suburbanites and tourists to make their way downtown before dusk.
We were thrilled to discover this spot. It is a relief to have a normal breakfast, with normal prices, that is not in a casino after many days on the strip!!!

The MTO breakfast was excellent, as were the seasonal vegetables (brussel sprouts perfectly seasoned). The lighting and decor is pretty!

We went for the bottomless Bloodies & Mimosas... WARNING: the bloody's are made with SOJU so they don't taste like what you are used to.* and were impressed with everything. 

Cute, fresh, pretty, light. Super friendly staff. 
Go here and enjoy.
Great find downtown. Queso Carne was delicious. Waitress was attentive and also hilarious.  Ordered ranch as a side, told me white people love ranch.  She was spot on, the ranch was great, dip and stick type. They have Estrella in bottle which is great, brings me back to days in Spain. Overall great service and great food. I want to go back to explore the rest of the menu. Apparently they deliver as well. Give it a try.
One of my top spots in Vegas for breakfast. Organic ingredients, friendly servers, away from the strip.. everything I like. I had the Chicken in a Waffle.. I wasn't expecting it to really be waffle sandwich with chicken. That was pretty amazing. 

The price was about $13 which is pretty standard for breakfast. The coffee came in a pretty big cup but the vegetable juice was kind of small.

I received the free walnut tossie with Yelp Check in which was delicious.

The only gripe I had with this place is that parking isn't free and you have to pay $3 but otherwise, definitely love this place. I usually stay in Downtown Las Vegas so this place is super close by.
Yup, all 5 stars for this place. They don't have a freezer here, so all of the ingredients are fresh and in some cases picked up from the farmer's markets. Pretty cool. The taste is delicious too. They use quality ingredients so you end up with quality tasting food. The staff is friendly and able to make adjustments to the menu items based on your dietary needs. Coffee is very good too.

With all the expensive garbage on the strip, it's nice to see a place like this in the improving downtown area. Hopefully downtown will continue to develop and offer another destination to LV visitors. For the time being, Made To Order Café is reason enough for me to visit.
Amazing!!! My husband and I are here from Chicago. Everything is fresh there's no freezer food. 
Staff is amazing, Ben and staff were so friendly. Something were not used to being from Chicago, so were were grateful. 
I had the avocado omelette, red juice which was delicious. My hubby had the poppy seed pancakes topped with blueberries. And he loved them surprisingly being the picky eater that he is. 
And last you cannot leave without trying the fried apple rings. 
AMAZING!!!!
Everything was perfect except service... Took a very long time to be acknowledged. Food came out wrong and was left with no silverware to eat..
Came on a Sunday around noon for breakfast after reading about this place and wanting to see if it would become one of our new favorite downtown spots. They were pretty busy when we got there and there was a 10 minute wait, but we were seated in about 5 minutes.

Our drink orders took a little longer than hoped to come, but that was fine. After some deliberation we decided to try the MTO breakfast and the lemon poppyseed pancakes. Our server, Ruby, may have just been having a bad day but the service continued to go downhill. We had to ask for silverware so we could stir our coffee. Another server brought the food out and it took her several minutes to even come by and ask us how it was. We asked for jam for the toast; she came by and forgot it, and when she brought it we asked if she had anything other than grape. by the time she let us know they only had grape jelly, we were done with our meal. She asked us if we wanted dessert, and as I said "no thank you, I think we're ready for our check," she walked away. To me that is just rude. The rest of the staff seemed much friendlier and more attentive, but our particular service experience was sub-par.

Unfortunately, the food couldn't make up for the bad service. The turkey bacon was limp and had poor flavor. The fact that they only have Welch's grape jelly is kind of weird considering they offer 3 kinds of toast. The sourdough toast was really just warmed bread with a touch of butter, it wasn't very toasty. The bacon and sausage were fine but forgettable. The pancakes were good (not great) but the compote is poured on with none on the side, so at times the stack is exceedingly dry. Overall the portions were good for the price, but their signature breakfast combo is pretty lackluster and the flavors just didn't really come together.

If you're looking for a good breakfast downtown I'd recommend Eat instead.
I'll keep it short. The decor is boring, chicken sausage skillet flavorless, walnut toastie dry and forgettable,BUT french onion soup was delicious.
All in all for the price there are other options nearby to "EAT"
Great café! Very upbeat environment with tasty fresh-made food to match. I ordered their avocado omelet - VERY filling without being over-stuffed with cheese or other crappy fillings. Fresh-squeezed orange juice and imported Italian coffee, it's a breakfast hotspot definitely worth checking out!
My friend and I were looking for a quick breakfast before we hit the road back home, and we stumbled upon this little gem. The food was delicious and definitely Made To Order.  Don't forget the MTO mini donuts!!!!
Went to have some brunch at MTO it is a neat space, with minimal decorations that kept our attention. Being from restaurants we always watch the operations of the kitchen and the wait staff. The first red flag we saw the expediter eating French fries in front of the line, in front of all the customers, gross. You have an open kitchen yes but duck in the back and feed your face. From the waiter he said his name was Jose or something like that. We asked if the chef was on duty and the waiter also said no, probably why the whole kitchen was a free for all and slow. First we ordered the pancake dippers. It was a plain over mixed pancake with bacon in it sliced into strips. Nothing fancy. Then we watched the expediter "Jose" walk over to a table and shake someone's hand with his gloves on.  We then ordered our sandwiches. I had the tree hugger. I think if I ate a tree it would have had more flavor than this. It was a good concept and that's all the good I can say about that. It was a quinoa bun two patties. That had absolutely no flavor at all. It had some kind of sauce in the middle and a few leaves of spinach and a few small tomatoes. It had the potential to be good if they used a little seasoning salt or some herbs or anything that could flavor the cardboard patties. The coffee was good. The hangover burger we ordered was cooked perfect and was juicy. If we were going to come back I would order the burger. It  The fries are bag fries nothing special. We ended up paying fifty dollars which seems very expensive for a mediocre brunch. It is Comparable price to EAT, with less flavor in the food.
Quest Carne was deliciously naughty! And the Skuna Bay Salmon Filet was to die for! Couldn't stop eating the fries!!! MTO Cafe is a refreshing addition to the Downtown restaurant scene!
Looking at the food coming out of the kitchen,  the sandwiches looked really impressive.  However, i opted to try the breakfast.  

The food is very average, nothing really amazing for breakfast.  I ordered lemon poppy seed pancakes with blueberry ginger compote.  Each of my 3 pancakes was unlevened or flat and totaled less the 3/4 of an inch high for the stack of 3. The compote was thin an runny, more of the consistency of a thin sauce. The flavor profile was ok, what was lacking was the execution of technique. However the ingredients were fresh. I will have to try them for lunch hopefully my experience will be better.  For now I will stick to one of my 7 favorite places for brunch.

Cost: $15 pancakes & soft drink+ Tax & Tip $3 + $1.50 for 1 hour of paid parking = $19.50 for below average pancakes with no meat side.  

Time: 11 am 
Restaurant:  less then 1/2 full. 

Service, is friendly yet attention to guest needs improvement. In my observation servers could work specifically on anticipating guest needs.
This is a solid restaurant. I especially loved the decor and friendly staff. Ultimately, it comes down to the food, and the food to me was meh. It was okay but nothing great. 

I had the avocado skillet. Besides the tomatillo, which was great, the rest of the dish was very average. I wish my potatoes had more flavor. My sister had the chicken and waffles. Neither were very good, even with the gravy. Both lacked the flavor or kick I was looking for.
Love the vibe! This cafe is one of my favorite, and having City Hall right across the street makes it even better. Support local? Support this cafe! Very nice and hip decor.
Wonderfully comfortable restaurant with good food.
A beautiful, beautiful cafe.
Sleek, clean and has big glass windows for beautiful sunlight to shine the restaurant. I like how there is a mixture of a few tables, bar seating, booths for more privacy and a long, sleek high table table with bar stools along side their large window that over looks the street. If you need a place to relax and study, this would be it. You can grab one of their booths and set up your laptop and order some food to settle in. They provide power outlets for you to charge your electronics---something Starbucks needs to do. 
Their ambiance is awesome! From their seating arrangement, lighting, art work display, to their kitchen and food presentation. 
Their food is great!! They offer am array of options from the green eater to the extra grease lover. Their side orders are quite large, so be sure to share with two or three people, or, have that as your meal :)
I would definitely return to this cafe.
We were heading out to the container park and decided to hit MTO Café for a late brunch beforehand. MTO is located on Main St. just across the street from the new City Hall. And even though I can only think of the Food Network when I see their logo, I really liked the feel of this place. It seems like it's a window into the new downtown vision of hip and cool spots. It is fairly small inside though and even at 1pm, we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. 

The menu is pretty extensive featuring breakfast, lunch and even a couple vegan options. We decided to start off with an order of the mini donuts. Hey, life's short so eat dessert first, right?! They brought out an order of two donuts that were unfortunately just a step above being raw. I hate sending food back but they were pretty much indelible. Our waitress was great, she apologized, took them back and got us a new order right away. The properly cooked ones were delicious! They have a slightly crisp exterior but soft on the inside and topped with honey and powdered sugar but not overly sweet. Definitely a must try!

I opted for the chicken in a waffle and while I'm not usually not a fan of the sandwich style version, MTO's was a hit for me. It's a bit messy so you'll most likely be knife and forking it anyway. The waffle was great, it's light and fluffy with a hint of sweetness. I thought the chicken was a bit "soft" but still very flavorful. It definitely needed to be more crispy. In my opinion though, the star of this dish is the sauce. I'm not sure exactly what it is, though I saw mention of it being a form of béchamel sauce. Whatever it is, it's tasty! It's a bit thick like gravy but was similar to hollandaise sauce in flavor. It's a got a touch spice that balanced out the sweet waffle and trust me, you can just leave the syrup off your plate for this one!

My wife ordered the lemon poppy seed pancakes which were really taste. Moist yet fluffy pancakes with an excellent compute of blueberries and ginger. These are 3 large pancakes and can easily be shared for those with smaller appetites. My son ordered a grilled cheese which was one of the better I've ever tasted in a restaurant and was served with a generously portioned fresh fruit cup. 

If you're looking for a cool spot to grab breakfast or brunch, MTO should be on your list. They have some pretty unique menu items and even serve beer. How can you beat a good brewski to go along with your "hangover burger"? The prices are a bit high but that's expected for place like this and they at least make up for it with pretty huge portions. Solid 4 stars all around!
Thanksgiving burger and hangover burger.

Thanksgiving burger was excellent, the balance between truffle bread pudding and turkey patty was perfect.
MTO (Made To Order) is an absolute amazing find in downtown Vegas. It is almost hidden near the City Govt Center under a parking structure (they do validate your parking for up to $1.50, just ask your server for a validation ticket when you leave), but well worth the search.

When you walk in you immediately feel the energy of the place. Its open layout and very comtempo vibe from the bright and warm accent colors and funky artwork to the made-by-the-owner furnishings, it is instantly inviting! We were immediately greeted and sat when we walked in the door and our waitress was at our table taking our drink order in no time flat. The easy to read menus have a eclectic selection of "made to order" items that are designed to feed your need for farm fresh, locally grown food or to nurse a hangover with something a bit more savory. Either way you are in for a treat!

I had the Red Juice, which was a fantastically healthy mix of beets, arugula, lime, carrot, red pepper, and pomegranate. It actually tasted delicious! To counteract my health conscious, I ordered some coffee (which is Grade A btw) and the Fat Elvis. This hunka-hunka pile of WTF-is-happening-in-my-mouthness is peanut butter, bananas, Nutella, AND bacon on legit french toast! To offset the insanely delicious gluttony, the dish is accompanied by a healthy heap of strawberries and blackberry garnish. I was definitely a fat, if not completely satisfied, Elvis (impersonator) when I was finally finished!

I had mentioned to our fantastic waitress that this place belonged in Austin as the vibe, decor, and menu just screamed Hyde Park, Rosedale, or SoCo and as luck would have it the very nice owner, Ben was sitting in a booth across from us. He graciously came over to say "hi" (he actually interacted with almost every single customer in the place) and we had a fantastic convo. Honestly, a great guy and his awesomeness definitely translates into this great restaurant. He had us try the fried apples (which literally hurt to eat I was so full, but man, it hurt soooo good!) which were also to-die-for delish!

I was so sad to have discovered this place as I was leaving Las Vegas (see what I did there?) because I would have eaten here for every meal for my three day-two night stay! 

I guess I'll just have to wait til the next time I'm in downtown Vegas, or better yet until the grand opening of their new location in ATX!
MTO was a good experience.  My boyfriend and I went for Valentines Day (drawn in by their bottomless mimosas).

We had the Kentucky fried chicken, the Broccoli breakfast and the bacon pancake dippers.  I loved the Kentucky fried chicken!  I like the gravy they use and the hash mash, chicken and eggs go together so well.  I like how the pancakes for the bacon pancake dipper are thin.  I wasn't a big fan of the broccoli breakfast.  It was a little bland.  It's a healthier option, but I felt like it would benefit with more seasoning.  However, you have a choice to make it skillet, omelet or flatbread style.  The skillet style serves it with potatoes.
Came here for the first time staying downtown at the golden nugget. It's a short 10 minute walk and definitely worth the wait!  I'm vegetarian and they didn't mind the special orders and recommended a recently added item to my gf, which was awesome!  Bottomless Champagne was delicious and I asked the owner Matt for some extra as he was managing on Saturday. 
I will totally come back when I'm in Vegas as it reminds me of NorCal type food and great service. Their iPad was having trouble sending orders and out order didn't go through but they were cool about it! Other than the order not going through they were a little unorganized and only 3 waiters for a busy Saturday and the owner sort of walked around like he did not know what he was doing, I even asked him about where the food came from and he was very unsure and his response was "I leave it to the chefs"
Food was worth the wait though and I will be back!!!!!!!!!
So you better come here early...because everything I wanted on the menu they were out of! Bottomless mimosas...Out! I was so looking forward to it. My Sunday brunch in Vegas kinda ruined. Then I order a salmon omelette and their out of that too! Come on! Ended up just getting a fruit cup. Thanks a lot MTO cafe for ruining my Sunday brunch :)
Really, really wanted to like this place. But alas, food just ok. For the $, totally not worth it... Doughnuts sucked- don't waste your $7 for 3 tiny, dry things. Latte up-charged $1 for vanilla syrup. Seriously??! Located attached to parking garage for which, wait for it, they don't validate. And there was piece of plastic wrap in our skillet. Service not great, but that may vary with your server.
Wow, the decision to put this quality cafe right next to the new city hall was genius. This is likely related to the fact that they don't need to be open past 3pm.

Anyway, if you're going to come here, come early. It will fill up quickly. The waits aren't crazy long, but just be ready for one. Why is there a wait at all? Well, as MTO states... everything is made to order. It's a quality cafe. If you browse through the pictures, you'll salivate over something. We drooled over the burger and the apple rings.

We ended up ordering a chicken skillet and the MTO breakfast. The skillet was served in... a skillet! On the bottom, potatoes. On top, whole eggs turned into a sort of omelette containing bits of an excessively sweetened chicken sausage. A sprinkling of greens on top and a few slices of tomatoes. I'm not sure if the eggs were made in butter but they were suspiciously tasty. Good textures and flavors. Fresh. The MTO breakfast is basically a classic breakfast plate made with eggs, hash browns (with mashed potatoes inside), and a selection of meats from bacon, sausage, spam, to turkey bacon. Both plates were enough food for anyone. Just enough I'd say.

I also sampled a bit of the poppy seed pancakes topped with blueberries. The pancakes themselves were fine. Nothing special. The sauce on top was much better - made with fresh blueberries. Also tried a glass of their green juice. Very tasty and full of lime flavor. I would only question the point of the juice staying in a container until it's ready to serve. That's not only "MTO," but it allows the enzymes in the juice to die and thus killing the point of drinking fresh juice.

Service was fine, as was pricing. Inside there's a TV and a fresh design. Is it worth going out of your way for if you aren't downtown? I'm not so sure, but this is something downtown definitely needs. Quality food paving the way for more.
Military discount? Great food? New favorite place? Yes, YES and YES!!!!
MTO! You're fantastic! Traveling from LA, we stayed in Aria on the strip, but I convinced my friends to brunch in downtown. Most of the other brunch places I called in DTLV had a 30-1 hr wait and I just wasn't down for that (Hash House A Go Go and eat.) Both of those places also didn't let us put our name down over the phone as we were traveling from the strip to downtown (first come first served). MTO had high reviews, but not many, so I assumed it was new and we took a chance and just showed up. Luckily, we came at a good time and only had about a 5-10 minute wait. 

First off, I have to applaud the service here. The server and the wait staff are excellent. They are so enthusiastic, helpful, honest, and provided some of the most warming service I've ever received. It wasn't phony or stagnant; it's so transparent here that the people love what they do! I have to give props to the chef as well; the menu is eclectic, interesting, varied, but comfortable and delicious! 

When asked for recommendations between the salmon skillet and the Kentucky Fried Chicken, our waitress quickly said to get the chicken, hands down. I love when the staff has an opinion on the food-- it helps out so much!

I ordered a coffee, which was bold and delicious! The dish came out pretty fast; it was beautiful; so colorful and it smelled amazing. The chicken is not for the faint of heart; it's heavy and hearty without being super greasy. Hash mash, fried chicken, country gravy, over-easy eggs; crazy combination, but it works out beautifully. Food was cooked to perfection (over-easy eggs were done RIGHT!) and everything was really tasty. We left stuffed and happy! 

I'll definitely be back when in town-- thanks for a great experience!
MTO cafe is a nice addition to the downtown restaurant scene. Good variety of sandwiches for lunch. Unique breakfast dishes and good service. The interior is bright and colorful. 

The only thing keeping me from frequenting the restaurant more often is breakfast menu is a la carte. Toast and potatoes are extra. I had an omelette that I had to order a side of toast and potatoes and spent $16 before I even ordered coffee. Way too much money.
I tried the chicken and waffles and the dish was good! Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely come back. I got to meet the owner and he was very friendly and he genuinly wanted to hear our feedback and opinion about the service and food. Great experience!
Fried apple dessert is amazing!! Love the free Wi-Fi and power outlets in every booth & parking is convenient :)

I will def be back to try out the vegan carrot pancakes!
Great menu, great food but they're horribly understaffed. Hopefully they can hire some people and keep up a level of service that matches the quality of food.
All my healthy, vegetarian, protein peeps, or anyone on a specific type of diet, should check this spot out. Anyone wanting an omelet made with 3 hormone induced eggs, this is not your place. Great addition to downtown. Décor is fabulous. Prices are a touch high, however your paying for quality food not just the bottom of the barrel meats & cheeses.
The menu is not huge, but has very interesting items like deep fried apple rings, Kentucky fried chicken, and chili cheese omelets. There is a protein breakfast with chicken sausage, turkey bacon, spam, another meat, and 3 eggs, for $14. 
The coffee was perfection and served in a bigger that usual mug. The service was mediocre.  Just ok. By no means bad, but by no means special. Just ok. 
I have faith that I may come back and raise a star, but I find it hard to see myself returning when Eat and DuPar's are in the area. 
The selection of "good for you" eats is slim in Vegas and that's what gives this place a chance. With a great style, unique menu, and a killer downtown location- they will succeed. I will come back in hopes to be won over by one of their unique items.
Vegan carrot & coconut pancakes were excellent. At least as good as they look, if not better. The fried apple rings were delicious. I also had the red juice. It was good, but it's really more for the health benefit than the taste. They do not have sugar free syrup. I tried a taste of the agave with my pancakes, but then used my own Walden Farms pancake syrup. Gotta save some carbs where you can. This was a postworkout meal for me. It was a great breakfast, and I would definitely go again.
Was very disappointed at the lack of choices on the menus and the fact that a place focused on "healthy and vegan friendly" items has Absolutely no Gluten free choices other then an omelet and tomato soup.  Food was good but not great. Probably will not eat here again.  Cute decor.
PDSF Review:  PARKING is validated; 50% off in the structure.  DECOR is clean and modern.  SERVICE was absolutely excellent; server was Michael (gives good recommendations and checks on your party regularly).  FOOD was absolute delight.  Wife and I got the KFC special (fried chicken with mashed potatoes/hash brown)... finger-licking clean!   We also got the chicken skillet = healthy and fresh tasting, but after eating the superstar KFC special, the skillet was less memorable.  We also got the red juice, which was healthy and refreshing.  Will go back for sure.
My Beautiful Wife and I spent the weekend in Las Vegas, celebrating her Birthday and our Anniversary. We were staying in Downtown @ the Four Queens and quite frankly, felt inundated with all of the so-so choices for breakfast. We Yelped and thought that MTO sounded interesting. What a great decision. My wife had the High 5 Stack, very light and perfect pancakes. I had the Kentucky Fried Chicken and I have to tell you that this is Fantastic! Their Hash Browns are excellent and they top these with the best breaded chicken breast that I have had in a long time. Cover that with GRAVY and fried eggs, well I had to go back and have it again this morning.

Very friendly staff and great service. I met the owner today and he is just a warm, genuine and friendly person.

I can't wait to come back as I want to try a Fat Elvis, a Hangover Burger and I can't remember the name of the sandwich, but it has Spam and a Mornay sauce on a Brioche Bun! Wow! What a fresh and innovative menu. I wish you nothing but the best of luck.

Wish we had an MTO in LA.

THANKS, 

Steve
MTO is hyped up Kimbo Slice style and lucky enough, it will have way more staying power than the former street fighting champ's run in the UFC (sorry, Kimbo!). 

Ordered the 'Broccoli' (broc, egg whites, spinach, Tillamook cheddar, jalapeño, mushrooms) in a whole wheat wrap ($12). Added a side of hash browns ($2) bc the accompanying side was two slices of tomato and a few pieces of lettuce. I always enjoy a salty break from an egg sammie (doesn't everyone?), but was turned off by the additional charge. Even more perplexing is that you can order it as a skillet (with potatoes) for the same price. Either way, that side of browns was phenomenal and almost got a second order sent my way. A crunchy outside, an almost creamy inside... oof. So good. Maybe I'll order 6 of those next time. The wrap itself was also very good. A great combo of veggies and cheese made each bite delish. The 'Chicken' (chicken sausage, roasted tomato, caramelized onions, arugula) was also good, but a bit heavy for my taste. If you're a sausage and onions kinda guy, look no further (OK, maybe look down further to the MTO Breakfast). Service? Ours was excellent.

Is the vibe cool? Yes! Do I want to come back here for lunch? Sure! Does paying $28 for 2 egg 'wiches and an iced tea (w/o potatoes) stink? Why yes, it does. Unfortunately, since it's not really located by anything else I frequent, I can't see myself being a regular here. However, a few times a month I'll def be hangin out. A large 2-steps up from a greasy spoon. 4-stars for now and I'll be back for more!

Protip: Check out their fb page for special Sunday night dinners with local chefs.
Bro-tip:  $15 AYCD mimosa or bloody mary's
Came here to have breakfast with a friend. I loved the place as it was very modern with a incredible view to the court house! :) 
For breakfast I ordered the vegan carrot & coconut pancakes which were topped with walnuts and shredded carrot & coconut super delicious! We also ordered Mac & cheese (best I've ever had) I would definitely come here again as there's more things to try from their menu!
The food and staff at this place is fantastic!  

The reason for my 4 stars (and I'd only take off 1/2 a star if Yelp allowed me) is the parking situation.  On the weekends, it is $3 to park in the garage (EVERYWHERE around is pay for parking) and MTO validates- however, they only validate $1.50.  Well its not a lot of money, it is the principle of the matter to me.  I am going to a restaurant and spending money, why validate if you are only going to validate half?

So while the food, service and ambiance are all great- this little detail annoys me and will probably stop me from going back... unless they start validating the full $3 on the weekends.  Just doesn't make sense to me.
Came to catch up with a friend.  I saw this on yelp and overlooked it.  Then I saw a great photo on Instagram by @unlokt  decided to try it. It is located right in front of a parking garage.  Seemed to be the only parking there.  Ashley was our server.  I wanted the green drink, but I don't like celery.  The drink is premade so you can't customize it.  I ordered the Fat Elvis. Thick and goey French toast with Nutella, banana, and BACON in the middle, garnished with strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries. I think the bacon smothered in all that Nutella was the best part!  Very yummy!   Ashley was super attentive, I feel bad we were so busy chit chatting we probably stayed 20min too long.  They close at 2pm, I thought there were other customers, but upon leaving realized they all work there. Unfortunately they only validate $1.50 (1 hour) of your parking as well.
Went here yesterday for lunch. Pretty busy little place at lunch time with the downtown business crowd.  Anyhow, there food is solid but overpriced. Nothing exceptional but nothing bad that I have had either. I had the salmon burger yesterday. The shoestring french fries were good, I am pretty sure they are fresh and that was probably my favorite part.  The salmon burger itself, which was recommended by the waitress, was extremely dry. I was hesitant to try it as they stated it was not a piece of salmon . I surmised it was salmon flakes with filler aka what I would expect from the frozen section at any grocery store. So going back to the dry salmon patty, the salmon burger had cream cheese - which again I am not a big fan of but I think the cream cheese and the copious amounts of mayonnaise helped offset the dryness of the salmon patty.  The menu stated that the salmon burger had a balsamic aioli, however I could not taste that at all on the burger and there did not appear to be any balsamic dressing on the burger.  I did like the bread and butter chips on top of the burger (there were five held on top with a toothpick).  My total for the salmon burger & fries, with no drink including a $2 tip was $15. I just don't see going back for the price that they charge. 

I overhead another waiter saying that the hangover burger was great, and my friend who got the hangover burger liked it but I just can't justify paying $13 for a burger unless I was at BURGR or the like.  If I am going to get a hamburger and it's not high end then I am an In-N-Out girl because, hey, that's what a hamburger's all about... but I digress. 

I went to MTO once before, about six months ago, and remember getting the salmon wrap. Again I remember it being okay but nothing really noteworthy. I split it with a friend and it is definitely not big enough for splitting. 

As a side note, they serve beer for $5, there were some good choices Dogfish Head 60 - although they also had PBR, I question who would really pay $5 for PBR - although a friend pointed out he noted a resurgence of "cheap" beer as being trendy - I haven't noticed that but I pay more attention to micro brews and wine myself.  But MTO seems to attempt to appeal to a sense of nostalgia by referencing wonder bread and Velveeta amongst other items, so maybe that is their justification for $5 for PBR? Anyway, long story short - okay to try but don't get the salmon burger unless you are in the mood for a patty that has the moisture of the Sahara desert and expect to pay a premium for pretty much anything.
Decided to try this place out. It was on a Saturday afternoon. Parking is in an attached garage. You have to ask for a validation ticket from MTO Cafe. Parking wasnt free but its discounted. Service was good. The cafe was quaint and modern. Now on to the food. I only had a chance to order the Skuna Bay Salmon Burger. It was topped with balsomic aioli, chopped romaine, cream cheese on a potato bun with fries. I thought it was pretty good. The salmon came out moist and the aioli wasnt overpowering. There may have been too much mayo/cream cheese though but it wasnt smothering. The potato bun was nice and soft. I was pretty full by the end of my burger but wish I had room to try more items on the menu. I will definitely come back.
Great restaurant. Great food, great atmosphere, great price. I have tried almost every item on the menu and everything is great. You can eat healthy or decadent. I would highly recommend stopping by and trying this place out. If you are down on Fremont St. Walk down and have brunch.
It was my first time in this restaurant and it was amazing...had the Fat Elvis... I'm not really a banana person (like the minions...lol) but it was fantastic...mimosas were also good...staff very personable... loved the wall mural and the total package of the place...owner was very well loved by the customers and it is apparent that it is not for show because he knows that parents of his customers are visiting the city...
Love this place for brunch!!


We came here on Sunday because another place we wanted to try out was a very long wait. So, if you are so hungry you can't wait, try this place out!

They don't have a very extensive menu, but the dishes were very good. 

For brunch, we had - 

Chicken Sausage Skillet. 
It was very good, very flavorful and it was a very good portion of food. 
Fried Chicken w/ gravy, eggs and hash browns. 
This was very very good. The chicken breast was so tender inside and perfectly crispy on the outside. The gravy was very tasty as well. It had a very distinctive nutmeg  flavor to it. 

We also had some mimosas - a little more on the orange juice side, but they were cheap. And their bottomless prices are very cheap compared to other places in town.

I love to look around at what other people are eating and their hamburgers look delicious. So, I can't wait to go back and try more goodies :)
Went here with some friends for a birthday brunch.  The location is right by the Las Vegas City Hall and presumably provides dining options in a specific portion of downtown that otherwise lacks options.  The restaurant validates parking for patrons.  The decor is very urban, concrete jungle with industrial looking tables and high ceilings.  The place has a very modern but friendly feel and offers plenty of seating with a properly proportioned dining room.

Service was very good and the waiter made sure those of the patrons partaking in the bottomless mimosas had refills when needed.  I had the MTO signature breakfast which consisted of turkey bacon, spam, sausage, eggs, mash browns and toast.  This was a tasty combination and I'm not a big spam fan from prior experience.  Another member of our group had a chicken wrap which was fresh, and appropriately portioned.  The french fries were shoe string or thin fries and were very good.  The pricing was not bottom basement denny's level but was fair.

This is a great place to go for breakfast, lunch or brunch.  If you hate hipsters and cop an attitude about any place giving a hipster vibe, you should probably go somewhere else.
One of my favorite places in Downtown LV! I first ventured in for a weekend brunch and have been back multiple times since then. 

Some highlights:
Bacon Dippers peppercorn maple syrup - literally bacon dipped in pancake batter
Chicken "In A Waffle" yup, it's chicken in a waffle - comes with an incredible 'hash mash'
Turkey Melt avocado, tomatoes, jack & cheddar, chipotle aioli (spicy) on sourdough + fries
Fried Apple Rings cinnamon-sugar butter icing (genius)
Fresh Green Juice
Glancing at the menu I wasn't that excited. Breakfast items sounded typical and lunch items were slightly more intriguing. What drew me in was the name of the chef/partner, Johnny Church, who doubles as the chef at RM Seafood and Rx Boiler Room and previously worked at The View in Tivoli Village. The concept of elevated comfort food made from mostly locally sourced ingredients pays off in a big way. Dishes are expertly executed with passion and refinement that you won't find in most breakfast and lunch spots.

With a Yelp check-in we received complimentary walnut tossies. I've never heard the name before, but they're similar to tiny little tarts with a thick, buttery crust. That was followed up with an order of MTO mini donuts ($7). Firm in texture with a lightly crispy exterior, they arrived three per order covered in powdered sugar and honey.

My favorite dish was Chicken in a Waffle ($13). Tender chunks of breaded chicken smothered in a country gravy were sandwiched between light and crispy waffles and topped with fresh berries. The dish had everything you could want -- savory proteins accompanied by the sweetness of the fruit, the airiness of the waffles and the combination of tender, crispy, crunchy textures. The mound of skinny fries that came with it weren't bad either.

On a somewhat lighter and healthier side was the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes ($11). Don't let the vegan label scare you. The light and fluffy texture make them as good as most pancakes out there.

The biggest, and maybe the only, low point of the meal was the Fat Elvis ($13). It's French toast with banana, bacon, peanut butter, strawberries, and nutella. Sounds like a mouthful, right? It was and not in a good way. The peanut butter and nutella combo made it so dense and heavy that I could only stomach a few bites. Ok, maybe more than a few, but it was one dish i couldn't finish. And I almost always clean my plate.

Next up was one of the best grilled cheese ($11) sandwiches I've had containing brie, honey, and toasted walnuts between slices of brioche. And, finally rounding out the meal was their Thanksgiving burger ($14). An open-faced moist turkey patty sitting atop a bread pudding "bun", topped with an orange-cranberry sauce with a side of mashed browns. It was all delicious. Turkey burgers are usually gross, but I'd come back for seconds.

I was skeptical. The menu at first glance didn't sound inspiring. But, their ability to almost flawlessly elevate comfort food won me over. With a menu that is scheduled to change based on seasonal ingredients, there's plenty of reasons to return.
REALLY creative menu!   

I stopped by MTO cafe a few weeks ago when the b/f and I were feeling like a trendy brunch spot.  The menu is awesome - really innovative food combinations and a nice offering for different dietary needs.  

Oddly, I had a steak salad for brunch.  (Don't judge me...brunch means breakfast AND lunch people.)  The steak was awesome - and so was the coffee.  The b/f had The Fat Elvis - some concoction of banana, nutella, peanut butter and carb-loaded goodness.  It looked incredible and from the empty plate he left, I suspect he thought so too.

Two OJ's, a coffee, 2 breakfasts, and a side of fruit DID really hike the cost up though - I think it was like fifty something dollars for brekkie.  Not a cheap spot, but worth it for the ambience, the quality of food, and creativity of the menu.
We decided to try a new restaurant off the Vegas strip on our last Vegas trip.  

We tried the "Kentucky Fried Chicken" and grilled cheese for brunch.  We really liked the fried chicken with hash mash and topped with two eggs.  The chicken was really juicy and cooked perfectly.  Everything went well together.  The grilled cheese with brie and honey was also really good.  We got the fries with the grilled cheese and we couldn't stop eating them because they were sooooooo good.  We also tried the green juice which I thought was okay, just a tad pricey for a small glass.  We finished our brunch with the mini donuts and honey which were seved warm and really delicious. 

Amazing food experience at MTO Cafe, we'll definitely be back next time we're in Las Vegas.
4.5. Very nicely designed space. Great menu.  Excellent service. Good pricing. An excellent weekend brunch choice. (Bottomless mimosas!)

Meats on the MTO plate might have been browned a bit more for better color and texture but were nevertheless good. Great breakfast wraps as well (which can, alternatively, be omelets instead).  Fresh juice choices as well as coffee and espresso. 

Very impressed.
I think this place is great!! Was looking for a brunch spot and this was the top rated on yelp-totally didn't disappoint. 

Venue is new and modern. Love that it's attached to a parking structure (so much easier than searching for metered parking downtown) Menu is funky and I love that they have vegan options. 

Vanilla latte-better than Starbucks 

Red juice-I hate beets!!! But I actually found this juice really pleasant.

Chicken waffle sandwhich- the chicken was salty and the grAvy not overpowering. Super good!! And decently portioned, great dish to split so you have room for apple rings!!!

Apple rings- super simple, the best part of my my meal. Next time I will go back just for a latte and apple rings :)
MTO Cafe is a sight for sore downtown eyes. Anything original that falls outside the orbit of Freemont east and The Downtown Project is to be hailed out of the gate, and the good news is that MTO offers a fun menu, an inviting space, and cheerful service. Bonus points for mobile charging stations in the booths, a bottomless mimosa brunch, local delivery, special event suppers, vegan options, etch-a-sketches for kids, and a kitchen that likes to mix things up. These cats are hitting many right notes, and I'm happy to keep returning and supporting. 

But there's a "but." It's small "but" but it's crucial and can be summed up with the following moral principle (which I think comes from Psalms, and say it with me): A Tomato is a Privilege, Not a Right. MTO touts itself as the place to get "fresh comfort food."  It's a solid concept. People love diner fare like skillets and pancakes. People also love the idea of garden fresh ingredients. MTO has both! Together! Fried potatoes and eggs WITH ARUGULA! Pancakes WITH FRESH BERRIES! Montague, meet Capulet.  

But then the plates arrive, several times in a row now, and there they are. Three desperate slices of roma tomato that have no earthly reason for existing. Three pale pink, dry, mealy, insipid round disks that make a mockery of the whole "fresh ingredients" concept. It's a larger and more generally disturbing societal trend, this habituated tastelessness, but it's particularly glaring at a place that hangs its hat on the notion of seasonality. A tomato, say it with me once again, is a privilege. It grows for a few months in the summer, arrives in our kitchens bursting with the juice of sun beams, and merely asks to be sliced thick and dressed with some sea salt and cracked pepper and a drizzle of olive oil. Torn fresh basil if you have it. When you taste it you taste the earth and the sky while nymphs play the fiddle and dance. It is a near-sacred experience that we get to enjoy for a short time each summer, and then we pack away our longings until next year. We accept a life without tomatoes for the better part of the year. We ignore those crunchy, gassed-up grocery store imitations from Mexico. We hold out, we say "no," because we understand that proper tomatoes are worth the wait.  

The existence of the pale, crunchy roma tomato is our collective failure as a consuming public. We should be better than this. We should all think we deserve better, because we do. The MTO kitchen staff can't fully be blamed for this sad culinary ritual, because apparently we have all of us simultaneously fallen asleep at the tomato wheel. But a restaurant that prides itself on fresh ingredients and seasonality should have a finer sense of what counts as fresh, and what doesn't, and if these pale pink impostors can sneak under the kitchen's radar then one's confidence is a little shaken. Don't settle for what your customers settle for, MTO. Not everything is fresh all the time. I'd happily settle for roasted red peppers, or pretty much anything pickled. Or simply nothing at all, which would be better than negative-tomato.
I have mixed feelings about MTO.

The first time I came here with my husband and my Dad. I ordered a breakfast of 2 eggs over medium, bacon, and a side of toast. Also a coffee and orange juice. All of it came out just great. The eggs were cooked perfect, the bacon is great and the toast was great as well. My husband ordered the chicken and waffles and said it was also exceptional. My Dad ordered the "Hangover" burger and said that while it was really good, it was a little undercooked for his taste and he didn't like the sweet pickles on top.
Overall, we were really excited to come back!

The second time we came here was disappointing....
I came here again with my Husband and my Brother in Law. 
I ordered a Coffee, orange juice, and the mini donuts to share. 
First of all the waitress forgot one of our coffees and water, no big deal it just took her a while. When I received my orange juice it had a *thick coarse black hair in it!*
I told the waitress and decided I didn't want OJ after that. She barely said sorry...The mini donuts I received were more like mini dough cakes. They were very dense and not really donut like at all, they were smothered in honey and that didn't even help with the incredibly bland flavor, I dunked them in my coffee and that made them edible. Even tasty. Not sure if they come like this every time though, I would hope not.

My husband and I also split the Chicken and waffles, this time my hubby and I noted that while it was still pretty good, the gravy on the chicken was extremely bland this time around. 
My Brother in Law ordered the Bacon Dippers and the Fried Apple rings. He said the Bacon Dippers were awesome. But the Fried Apple Rings were cut extremely thick, they were fried in batter but the apples were so thick they didn't really cook at all and the batter just fell off, he took one bite and didn't want the rest. Again, not sure if they are always cut SO thick. It's like eating a sliced apple...not what he was expecting. 

Atmosphere is super nice here, it's so nice to sit by the window and have a nice view. The decorations are pretty cute and the place was very clean both times we came. 

We decided we will still want to give this place another try, everyone has off days! But hopefully our experience will be more like the first time we came! If not, we probably won't be back.
So my chicken was extremely bland and tasted undercooked, same with my waffle. 

I'd say don't get their chicken and waffles because it's just not that good at all.

I thought maybe in Vegas they might have good hearty meals...

...turns out this place wasn't worth the gamble.
Easy parking, killer menu, delicious juice juices, friendly service.  The owner comes to every table and makes sure the experience is perfect.  Can't wait to visit again.
Great food and great service! Went for brunch and I had the egg white broccoli skillet and it was delicious. My husband had a special that was deconstructed eggs Benedict that was equally tasty! Not only was the food good it fresh and healthy. Also got to meet the owner who was friendly, funny and gracious :-) I will definitely go back. I look forward to trying lunch and supporting a local business!
Most amazing brunch loved the vibe and the cool staff.  It was so welcoming new favorite place
I was looking breakfast and found this place on yelp. Glad I did it was really good I have the avocado skillet, grilled cheese and apple donuts. All was very good!!
Whether you find yourself exploring downtown or reporting for jury duty (like I was), this place offers quick service and is located within walking distance of Regional Justice Center and caddycorner to City Hall. The service was fast enough that I was in and out and back at my jury seat withing the alotted hour.

I had the hangover burger which is a delicious mess of a burger and so yummy (Not for dieters) They also have super yummy crispy skinny cut fries. All of their food looked great.

This place is small and fills up fast, but turn around was pretty quick. You can also place orders to-go. They also have counter top seating.

Etch-a-Sketch's are available to distract yourself or the kiddos.
My second visit won me over! They have flavored lattes and koolaid. The mini donuts are insanely fresh and delicious. And the Hangover burger hit the spot just how a burger should. The egg was cooked to perfection and the yolk ran over the meat and bacon perfectly. I love that you can go all out and eat healthy, or go all out and get fried chicken and koolaid! 
The service this time was far from mediocre as I mentioned in my first review. We were treated great and even given a free parking validation slip by the hostess. 
They offer a salad that is made different each week depending on what the local farmers market has. And they didn't mind giving me a side salad instead of fries with my burger. The beet vingerette was unique and flavorful. But the fries are a safe bet because I snuck a couple of those too. Overall a great, unusual, addition to downtown and I am glad I gave them a second chance.
This place is a great place to start your morning . . . unless you are hung over and don't want to be greeted by the bright sunshine of morning . . . the floor to ceiling window bring in lots of sunshine and really make this place sparkle.

Oh the food . . . I had the "Kentucky Fried Chicken" with fresh, and I mean fresh squeezed orange juice . . . the food came quick and hot . . . the chicken was crispy and juicy . . . the hashbrowns were good, would have liked then a little crispier.

The only thing wrong . . . and it had nothing to do with the restaurant . . . the pay stations at the parking garage were not working . . . and it took an extra 45 minutes trying to get on with the rest of our day.

I will be back . . . I just need to find a different place to park.
This is a great breakfast/brunch option if you are near the downtown area.  The prices are moderate, but the quality and portions justify the cost. The interior is spacious, modern and open. I didn't feel like like I was elbow to elbow with other patrons. I guess traveling to places where real estate is much more expensive and most restaurants are tiny and claustrophobic has made me appreciate the spaciousness of many restaurants locally.  

I had the hen house wrap with fries and the red juice. The juice was excellent with a unique flavor inspired by beets, carrots and red pepper. The hen house wrap was a simple chicken wrap that was surprisingly flavorful.  The husband had a plate full of breakfast foods consisting of turkey bacon, hash browns, eggs and spam. Everything was fresh and prepared as requested. The service was attentive without being overbearing. I will be back to sample more of their delicious menu.
Easily top 3 breakfast spot in Las Vegas. Incredible service, food, and style. I would give 6 stars if the Benedict was on the menu.
Decided to take the short walk from my hotel to check this place out and I'm glad I did. It's cozy (you can see the kitchen staff and give them a thumbs up a after your first bite no matter where you're sitting) with lots of natural light. Generous portions and moderately priced. Has a very Ann Arbor vibe. Coffee was good but not memorable. Ordered the KFC which was tasty and potentially outstanding hangover food (I was sober at the time, mostly) but still light enough to leave room for the Fried Apple Rings which was the real star of the meal in my opinion and the must have item between the two. Worth checking out if you're downtown.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place! The food was excellent, I had the hangover burger with an egg, A-MAZING. And the donuts were delightful as well. I really like the look of the place too, really modern. Park in the garage, they'll validate the parking for you in the restaurant. Definitely recommend it.
The hangover burger was the. best. burger. I've ever had. I also tried the green juice=for hipsters but good none the less. My 3 year old kept calling my green juice "poop." So there's her review. Haha! My daughter got the kid pancakes, they were delish, and the fruit cup it came with was amazing. Strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, apples, and bananas. This place is worth going out of your way to visit. Just beware of the hours-open til 2 or 3.
After a delicious first time in, I happily brought my elderly friends in to try the food. 
The food was great. The only problem was the staff. 
Our server Fred had no intuition or common sense. When we asked him for extra napkins, he brought 1 (1!) napkin. He forgot to get my toddler a drink and when he remembered he brought it in an enormous glass cup. Toddlers are fantastic with large full cups. After our food was delivered he checked on us (duly noted, points given) then disappeared for 45 minutes. I had to ask another server for our check, and she seemed so annoyed that we dared to bother her. As for Fred, he was too busy flirting to pay attention to his tables. I hope he got some numbers. 
I understand that hiring a young waitstaff is exciting because they are cute & nice to be around. They can also be inexperienced. That inexperience can come off as arrogance and hurt your business. 
I'll be back, when I do my hair & makeup so I can keep my server's attention, but I won't be bringing my friends or family.
Such a great experience we had here for breakfast. I was so tired of casino food and the Fremont area and needed a solid (hungover) meal. This hit the spot!! Ate here 3 days in a row and loved everything about it.
The food was excellent and the staff was amazing! The chef sent me out a taster of their clam chowder special that day and it was one of the best chowders I've ever tasted. I also loved all the artwork and atmosphere of the restaurant. I will definitely return with friends or family (: (:
Great place for breakfast, I have decided to try everything on the menu as I continue to come back.  My favorite is the avocado skillet, and the carrot and coconut pancakes.  I know it sounds strange but it works very well, what amazing taste.  This place is a "Must Try".
Food is good. Service is not so good. If you're already in the area its a good option, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
I came to Vegas with my BFF and wanted some good breakfast. So I went on yelp and found this place. The location is off the strip which I liked and parking was easy. 
The place felt cozy and as if we were in nor cal at a health nut place. But actually it was the opposite to healthy. The food was good and well priced. Not too big on the donuts they sell. They were hard and tasted like cardboard.. But on the other hand juice was on point, coffee was good. 
Me and the "BFF"will come back again or I will when I'm in the area..
Great sandwiches! I got the Reuben - it was really tasty.  It would have been fantastic if it were sliced thinner because it was really tough to bite through. Friends got the turkey melt and the bob.  Both said they were really good.  The pickles are awesome!!!
Amazing!! My gals and I came here twice in 48 hours. Great, fresh food. Huge cups of coffee, attentive cheerful service and we voted- cutest chef and owner in Vegas!

Highly recommend. We will be back.
I had my typical experience when I try to go to a new area: made a wrong turn, then realized that parking isn't free (a definite pet peeve). Then the food seemed to take a long time before it came out. I started wondering if the favorable reviews are flukes. 

In the end, I'm happy that I came. 

Everything that others have stated about the food--higher price, but higher quality and portions, are entirely true. The menu is full of interesting, but not necessarily always healthier, twists to typical comfort food. I had the "Kentucky Fried Chicken." Boy was it good! High quality meat, gravy goodness, egg on top. Winner!  The fresh juices were pretty good too.  We tried both between our threesome.

Open windows with grand views of City Hall--sexy
Posh interior with available plugs to recharge in the booths--sexy
$3 parking, even with $1.50 off validation--not sexy, but acceptable
Great quality comfort food--awesome

Other than the parking cost, the only downer is that I feel like I need a nap after devouring my plate. Good thing I'm going shopping at the outlets nearby afterwards. 

I will be back. Heck, I wish there was one of these near my neighborhood!
Great food the decor is modern retro and the service friendly and welcoming! 

The special of the day was amazing!
Good breakfast, mash browns are the bomb. Good coffee, great bread. Great ambience, variety of breakfast meat in the MTO was plentiful. Find them before everybody else does, and everybody else will!
I randomly came here and it was quite amazing.  The atmosphere that this place gives off is very inviting.  With places like this, it makes it nice to go to the MTO.  The food was really amazing I had the Turkey Melt and it was quite exquisite, the ingredients in the Melt tasted really fresh and delicious where I also tried the Fat Elvis and it was greasy and delicious.  I also tried the Apple Doughnuts thing which was interesting because it was basically a healthy doughnut.  The one main thing that I really liked was how fast the food came out as well as the service you receive from people.
Very friendly, welcoming place - both wait staff and owners! Was looking for a good breakfast place away from the Strip and we found it. Berry waffles for me, and omelet for the husband. Good coffee too.
The food is great! We ordered a wide varitey of food.  The staff is very friendly and there is a great ambiance.  Plus, you can't beat $15 bottomless mimosas!
Tried the chicken n' waffles.  Nom nom!  Vegan pancakes on point. Oh. Do. Not. Forget!  get the fried apple rings. Jesssus!  It's worth the weight gain here
Once again meeting a colleague for breakfast taking in consideration her healthy lifestyle I chose to schedule her here :) with that said this time I ordered the waffle with berries (12) and a side oh hash brown (2) 
Loved it! The waffle was pretty well portioned that I couldn't even finish it, it was fluffy and full of flavor :p the cream and berries complemented the waffle soo well it was even too pretty to eat!.. 
Loved what they did to those hash brown! Hands down it's very good! Must try it on your next visit! Love this place
Located in an older part of LV that is being revitalized. The decor is tasteful and upbeat. Service is very good. Food is great! 

Visiting from out of town, our family of five brunched at MTO on Easter Sunday. They take reservations for large parties; I should have checked that in advance. So we had a bit of a wait, but it was totally worth it!

Portions are huge. We ordered 3 meals for the five of us (three teenagers and two parents). The Lemon Poppy Pancakes with the Blueberry Ginger sauce was amazing ($11)! My husband happily found a vegan, gluten-free carrot/coconut pancake option that was delicious ($11). My two teenage carnivores split a three-eggs, chicken sausage, sour dough toast meal ($14). (Again, the portions are huge!) 

The diner coffee was delicious. They even had soy milk for the vegans. The fresh squeezed OJ was refreshing. Each beverage was $3.

I would definitely go again when in the area. Plenty of paid street parking nearby.
Gave this place a try after seeing the other positive Yelp reviews. The good looking photos of the food and interior didn't hurt either. It's always nice when a new restaurant feels like it could be from almost any urban city. I must say, it feels much nicer in person than the photos suggest. Mainly because of the 14 foot ceilings and the floor to ceiling windows that look out onto the new City Hall. This is a breakfast to lunch place so they close at 2:00 PM on weekdays. We arrived at 1:00 PM on a Tuesday and completely missed the crowds. We were promptly greeted, seated and had out drink orders taken by the enthusiastic waitstaff. Tried to order the Chocolate Chip Cookies with Whole Milk and the Strawberry Cheese Cake, but they had sold out. We did split the Ruben and an order of the Honey Donuts. They were both great. Another pleasant surprise, they serve decent coffee! Personally I would prefer a cup of their coffee over a Starbucks, if only for a change. I am a fan. We will return to try out some other the other menu items that looked good.
MTO looks modern and unassuming from the outside, but when you walk through the door the hip décor immediately draws you in, you want to be a regular. Everything is made to order, the way it should be. They have a large selection of breakfast and lunch items, juice, and an espresso machine for fancy coffee drinks. After my first visit, a work breakfast, I immediately returned the following weekend with my husband in tow. 

The lemon poppy seed pancakes are killer, I only wished that they had more blueberry compote. I also love their mashbrowns! Crispy on the outside and creamy like mashed potatoes on the inside. YUM! The MTO breakfast seems to jump off the page and land in front of every man I have ever dined with here, it's a huge hit. On the lunch side, the Hen House is essentially a Caesar salad in a wrap. It wasn't a show stopper for me, but decent. I've also tried the Queso Carne. The onions are delicious, again I just wished there were more of them. The Velveeta was surprisingly good, but it was overpowering, they really need to add a bit less to make it work. However, their fries are absolute skinny, crispy, perfection! I can't wait to try a few more things...and become a regular!
If your in downtown Las Vegas make sure you stop by here for some amazing food! Went in this morning and got the hangover burger. Wow, one of the best burgers in town! Plus the waitress was really cute too! :)
I like it!  I got an brocolli egg white wrap.  I can appreciate the portion of the wrap.  It's hard to make a lot of egg whites taste good, and you guys manage to do so.  Turkey melt was also great.  Those skinny fries are addictive.



Nice addition to downtown, well done.  Great place for a big cup of coffee and hearty food.
I love love love MTO!! The food is amazing and the atmosphere is delightful. The only complaint I have ever had is the lag on getting beverages and check backs. You have to pay for parking but they validate for half so it's like 75 cents. Totally worth it!!!
In the area for lunch, I was excited to finally get to try this much-hyped eatery. 

The interior is modern and open with lots of light and very cheerful decor. We were greeted quickly and given the chance to peruse the menus as our drink orders were taken. I was drawn to many of the menu items that were available, so it took a while to figure out what to order. My mom and I opted to share the Kentucky Fried chicken and eggs (gravy on the side) and grilled cheese with brie and honey with walnuts. 

The chicken was great. Lightly battered and not oily. I'm glad she chose to have the gravy served on the side since neither of us cared for it. It was a little too sweet for our taste we skipped it altogether. The hashed browns were great and the eggs were cooked well. I enjoyed the grilled cheese quite a bit. I had hoped for more crunch or char on the bread, but overall the tastes were all very complementary. A little more crunch to the bread would definitely have take this dish to the next level for me. 

Service was great and the vibe was just right. I didn't love the parking situation, but since most people who dine here likely work in the area and walk here, I don't see that being an issue for most.
What has taken me so long to check MTO out? Better late, than never.  

MTO is clean, located near downtown, has a decent breakfast/brunch selection, and the cost is just about right.  

What's on their menu? 
-Wraps, Omelets, Skillets
-Pancakes and Waffles
-Sandwiches and Burgers
-Salads and Veggies
-Desserts and Treats

I ended up playing it safe and got the MTO Breakfast for $14.00.  This came with 3 eggs, bacon, turkey bacon, chicken sausage, spam, mash browns, and your choice of bread.  I got mine with egg whites (additional $3 charge) and wheat.  So what's the verdict?  I got a satisfying, hearty breakfast, and at a great price.  Yes...you get a lot.  The egg whites were just your average fluffy egg whites, but everything else was well prepared and delicious.  I love their mash browns, which is a mix of mash potatoes and hash browns.  If you're a fan of both, then you'll love this hybrid. MTO's motto is "fresh comfort food".  Definitely fresh, definitely comfort food. There's so much that I still need to try and I can't wait for next time.  What's my plan?  Maybe a burger? Maybe their Chicken & Waffles?  Maybe a skillet? I guess I have to come back at least 2 more times to get my food on.  Peace Out!!
First time here...got the Hangover burger and a Kool-Aid.  Food was great , service was even better ....even though I showed up 2 mins before they closed.  Gonna be a regular for sure!
The music is too loud.

Sorry, had to get that out of the way. I've been to MTO twice during my lunch breaks from work since it is so nicely close to my place of employment. It is certainly a nice place, with a vibrant color scheme and fun TV screens that display cute sayings and funny pictures. 

Food is scrumptious and varies between fatty and healthy. You can find a mix of ingredients, interesting and quirky, while also on the menu, you have traditional items to please the crowds. 

Last time I was here I had the FAT ELVIS. I couldn't help myself, french toast with bacon, strawberries, blueberries, bananas, peanut butter, and nutella, served with maple syrup. COME ON, even if you don't want it, you have to be interested, right? It was a heaping portion, for $13 and I only ate half. The mix of flavors is decent, french toast was done right, fluffy, not mushy, nice char on the bread, but not over-powering. Bread used it perfect, big and much like Texas toast style. Fruits were fresh and helpful since the meal is so very filling. Peanut-butter and Nutella flavors go well with the banana, but not so much the bacon in my opinion. I would opt to have the bacon on the side. 

I've also had the Hen House wrap here, and I believe it's better than the Fat Elvis. Wrap was not mushy or dry. Lettuce was crispy and fresh. Chicken was grilled well and honestly, probably one of the better wraps I've had in my existence of eating wraps. And I don't regularly consume them. Coffee is also good and comes in a nice, large cup.

Bonus - they have PINK lemonade on their menu. Yes, I ordered it. Yes, it was good. 

Overall return factor very likely. Recommended for breakfast and lunch.
Best breakfast in Vegas. Kentucky Fried Chicken with the mash browns was off the charts.  Don't miss this place!
As an expert in good fried chicken, I was compelled to try the Kentucky Fried Chicken. On top of a mash brown and topped with an over easy egg, the chicken was the tastiest that I have had in a long time. This restaurant is the place to be. Wonderful food!
Long wait on a Sunday. Food wasn't what we expected. The French onion soup was slimy and tasted more like wine than anything. The tomato soup was really thick and tasted like spaghetti -o's. Water was from the tap. The French fries were cold and tasted old. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing but no one liked their food. We ordered the fat Elvis, Turkey melt, Turkey burger. It was expensive and not worth it.
Talk about an interesting location. This restaurant is in the parking garage for the city of Las Vegas. The service was really good the menu is kind of plain.  They have a few breakfast items and a few lunch items.  I had an omelette and it wasn't anything great but it wasn't bad.  It was slightly pricey for what you got.  I wouldn't say no to this place but I don't think you want to go here a lot.
The parking here is a pain, I drove around for at least 10 minutes looking for a spot. I was annoyed before I even sat down. 

This restaurant has a funky vibe and all the employees are friendly and seem to be enjoying their job. 

I ordered the hen house wrap with a side of fruit. The oven roasted tomatoes were a nice change from just basic sliced tomatoes. There was a tad too much lettuce but overall the flavors worked well together. The fruit was better than most sides of fruit. Each piece of fruit actually tasted like the fruit and there was not one fruit such as pineapple overpowering all the other fruits.  The person I dined with ordered the queso carne without velveeta cheese. She said it needed a sauce and was expecting it to be thinly sliced instead of cubed meat. The sandwich was supposed to have drunken onions and there were literally three small pieces that blended in with the meat. The sandwich was tasteless until she asked for a side of the chipotle aioli.

I will be back because it's close to my house and all the food seems to be freshly prepared.
Tastiest breakfast I've had in Las Vegas. Really pleasant staff and a nice space too. Well worth a visit.
New fan favorite!!  We love this place. The food is fantastic. The "Kentucky Fried Chicken" is amazing. My husband devoured the Reuben.  We have been few a couple of times and love the energy here!  Sounds like they will have a new location in Summerlin Centre. This place feels "local". We met Mike, the manager, on our first trip in. Great guy that has a great staff. Next time we walked in, they totally remembered who we were.  That's a great talent to have, especially in a city like Las Vegas, where people are in and out all the time.
Slow service.  I got my wrong order. Our bottomless mimosas were soo slow. Though I have to say the food was good.
The turkey melt was DELICIOUS! I added grilled onions... So good!!! I got a salad instead of fries, and while it was really fresh and tasty, after I saw someone get the fries I was bummed out that I made the healthy choice! They were thin and crispy... I was very tempted to order a side. This place was so good I plan on going back before I leave Vegas... I have to try the Philly.. and the fries!
The scene wasn't really my style and the mimosas were pretty expensive but my waitress was made everything worth it! (Carrie)  . Anytime I'm in Vegas I will def. come back just to see her pretty smile!!!!
This hipster brunch spot looked a little iffy outside but I definitely recommend going inside. The hangover burger is out of this world and our waitress was the best. Cary or Carrie (not sure how you spell it) just made my day. She is so sweet and super real. I will definitely stop by anytime I'm in Vegas. I felt like a hungover piece of crap this morning but Carrie and bottomless mimosas just turned that around. Might not be my scene but I appreciate the awesomeness this place throws at you.
Great atmosphere, good food and very friendly staff. Local hangout. The Manager, mike is super nice and professional! Really enjoyed our breakfast here and we will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas!
I went with my family, there were a lot of us and they were very accommodating. Our food came out fast and it was delicious. I had the avocado omelette - really tasty. I also had a bite of the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes- really good! Highly recommend MTO!
I am all about breakfast! It's my favorite meal of the day hands down. So this is of course perfect for me. 

We have been twice and I am severely addicted. I literally crave those darn lemon poppyseed pancakes. It's truly a curse. I gave in to the dark side and there is no going back for me now. Muahahahahahah! I also really enjoy the mini honey doughnuts, although they've been doughy both times. The first time we actually sent them back because they were so undercooked. But none of that stops me from loving every little bit of this place. This last time we went I had the MTO breakfast. Everything was perfect and just the right amount of each item. Of course if you try to finish it all you will definitely be fully nourished.(All depending on your size of course...I ate too much!!) If I remember right it was 2 or 3 eggs, bacon, spam, turkey bacon, mash browns and bread. Oh yah, and chicken sausage which I was not a fan of. Luckily my father in law ordered the lemon poppy seed pancakes so I could still get my fix. 

The décor is some of my favorite. Very modern and eclectic. The whole place actually has a very LA feel to me. We all enjoyed the atmosphere even though the music was pretty loud that day. I don't like having to raise my voice to someone who is half a foot away from me, ha. 

Excellent service both times and great food! I will continue to make it downtown for breakfast as long as they don't get rid of those pancakes. We might have some serious issues if that happens!
Most def my new favorite breakfast joint great times good service and AMAZING FOOD I will recommend people to come here and I will b back over and over again to try everything on the menu! Thanks Mike Estrella for everything definitely come back again
Something has happened to MTO. The service is not up to par, with wait staff rolling their eyes when you ask a question, or like today when my ketchup bottle was taken away when I was still using it. The manager promised to wipe down the table and bring us utensils, which didn't happen until after our food arrived. And what's up with Kool-Aid? It's a fun drink and yet they never have any. Lots of excuses about why they never have it, but no one ever seems to figure out how to stock it. This is probably my key point: systems seem in short supply at MTO. As for the food, today I ordered the Vegan Falafel, which came in a wrap. Flavorful falafel strips with lettuce, tomato and a vinegrette dressing. It made a good salad when the wrap fell apart with the first bite. I planned to take the leftovers with me. I changed my mind when my go box was a thin paper box with no foil or wax paper to keep it from leaking. I just left the box and the remainder of the meal; too risky to return to work with leaking vinegrette. Finally, my waitress couldn't work the register. Again, systems, training, and a better go box, would improve the experience.
I haven't even tried the food. I came for brunch in April with my dog because it states on Yelp that this restaurant is pet friendly. However, the tables outside are in direct sunlight and the waitress informed me there were no umbrellas to provide shade. When I asked for a bowl of water, they didn't have one. So I left and went to Bar + Bistro at the Arts Factory where they have a very dog friendly covered patio and bottomless mimosas during Sunday brunch.

Restaurants should NOT advertise that they allow dogs if they're not willing to make basic accommodations.
Dont waste your time. Party of 3 on 6/1/2014 1030am. Parking $2.25 the payment machine was BROKEN dont STRESS the exit pay machine also takes credit cards. The only reason this is a 2 star and not a 1 is due to the fact that the front desk hostess young girl was on point. 
* AVOCADO Omelet - TERRIBLE! Why? The Avocados hard as a rock. The Asian male Supervisor stopped by our table asked hows the food? I said taste the rock hard avocado.  He said no thanks are you finished? As he laughed and smiled. My Thai wife was stunned. 
* Tap Water is nasty - Chlorine - Asked for 1 water for some reason 2 waters arrived at our table. Hey LAKE MEAD is almost empty slow down on the water wasting MTO waitress. 
* Chicken and Waffles - nothing special. Best thing on the plate? Fries!  
Here comes the bill aka check... Strange the 4 inch $ 11.00 AVOCADO Omelet still on the bill. I was stunned it wasnt removed by the Supervisor...I didnt want to wait for them to go thru the drama of removing the item so I just left a note on the TIP LINE.... SEE YELP!
My wife was crushed she was hoping this place was going to be dreamy. Not a Kitchen Nightmare....  We will never go back...Waste of  time and money.  Parking drama... I approve this message J K KUHL...
Great food with healthy options and not so healthy but do yummy options.  

Great atmosphere with nice urban artwork and modern music. I didn't feel that the music was too loud. 

Good service: The waitresses greet you very nicely and are very personable. When it's busy, the waitresses can be not so attentive at times. However, the manager is very active and keeps it flowing. On a separate occasion, the manager comped my table some mini-donuts.
Been in Vegas for over 10 years. This was probably one of the best food experiences I've had living here. Thank you.
Breakfast was very good with hospitable service! I tried a scramble and it was very good! Can't wait to come back here & try more items on the menu! The Owners were very nice & both checked in on me during breakfast!
The moment we walked in we were greated with a smile by the hostess and welcomed us to MTO. We were promptly sat and our server Kerry was very knowledgeable of the menu and taking her time introducing the popular food items.  The items we chose were the melt and KFC, both were delish and the coffee was exceptional. Great job MTO for putting focus on service and quality to a great product. Will deff be back :)

We're big supporters of small local businesses and want to make sure they succeed and create jobs for our local economy. ...and to those negative Nancy's out there, " if you dont have nothing nice to say dont say anything at all " your parents should have taught you that. Be courteous and talk to someone when you have a bad experience as opposed to bashing them via social media and give them the opportunity to address the issues.

P.s...apple rings are the bomb.com
Thanks Ashley, Ben, Mike and all the kitchen stuff for making my daughters graduation brunch amazing!!!
Went with my mom and brother. The service was great both the manager and owner came to see us they were very friendly.  They made us some fresh cookies since they were out on the strawberry short cake. The cookies were "melt in your mouth" soft. 

We ordered a bowl of clam chowder and a Hangover burger. The clam chowder is to die for I would travel literally to the other side of town for the clam chowder soup. My brother had the hangover burger this burger was like a slice of home all in one burger for a local person this burger was like a loco move exactly but with a bun. We all will definitely come back.
My husband and I ate at MTO on 6/7/2014.  I had the Hero sandwich and my husband had the Kentucky Fried Chicken.  Both were excellent.

The KFC had a subtle flavor in the gravy and when we asked the manager he said they add a little bit of cinnamon.  WOW great flavor.

Definitely recommend this place.
Loved this place but the service was not so great. Our server basically disappeared on us once our food was delivered. We had to flag a different server down in order to pay our bill. However, food was really good. I had the Reuben which was awesome. Way too much food.  All menu items are LARGE portions.  I would go back if staying downtown. Hopefully their service will get better.
Cute little breakfast place downtown. It's got a parking garage right next to it so parking is pretty easy. It is 75 cents per half hour tho but that's given when you're in the downtown area. 

The ambiance is pretty neat. The glass windows allow the restaurant to be brightened up. 

They have $15 all you can drink mimosas. If I wasn't already hung over when I went here I would of taken advantage of that but instead I just got a water with lemon lol. 

I got a chicken skillet which I thought was pretty good. It had chicken sausage, eggs, potatoes, spinach & red peppers. It was the perfect amount to eat. Nieves D. got the Chicken in a waffle Which I thought was a cool idea. She did mention that the chicken lacked seasoning and flavor. But the fries that came with it was pretty good. They were nice and thin and crispy.

I thought the food was good but if I was in the downtown area I'd prolly rush to Eat. for breakfast instead of coming here again.
Cute little breakfast spot Downtown. I had the carrot and coconut vegan pancakes. They were really delicious. My mom ordered the salmon skillet which was pretty darn good as well. The staff was very friendly and the orders came out quickly. It's right next to a parking garage so its a convenient location. I would definitely come back again and try other items.
Been here a few times, I get the burger with the fried egg on top and it's always been great. 

What I like about this place is that every time I go, they cater to my wife and her eating choices. Tho its not on the menu, they always make her a vegetarian sandwich and it makes her happy. 

Gotta love a place that serves coke products!!

Also, if you choose to go here, be prepared to eat a meal in one of the loudest settings possible. I can't explain it, but this place gets amazingly loud with a combination of hipsters talking about wearing beanies in the summer or whatever they talk about, a large wait staff taking orders and a kitchen full of pots and pans crashing around. So don't expect to have a good conversation here.
I had the Avacado omelet style! It was amazing. The service was excellent and will definitely come here again!
Cute little place. Manager greeted us and was so nice and friendly. They had etch a sketches for the kids which was great to keep them entertained. Everyone enjoyed their food. Kids raved about the fries. The only down side was our waitress didn't Crack a smile and was not friendly. She looked like she wanted to b anywhere but there. If we are in the area again we would go back.
This place is absolutely amazing in every way.  I've visited here several times and always enjoy my food!  I've tried everything from the Queso Carne to the Mini Donuts.  Everything is fresh, delicious, and made with care.  The staff here is super friendly and truly make me feel like they enjoy coming in to work everyday.  I challenge you to go here, enjoy some Lemon Poppy Seed Pancakes served by their lovely staff and try...just try to not smile for the rest of the day in utter satisfaction and delight.   Trust me, you can't yelpers...you just can't.
The hash browns are TO DIE FOR! I loved this place. Everything was delish and also the service was great.
I was just there on Friday June 20,2014. I love the KFC for breakfast. The smashed mashed hash browns are great. The chicken crispy but moist. Our waitress was alittle un attentive ,but the manager & his father were gems. The place is a one of a kind & I wait to go there whenever I'm in Vegas. Their menu is nothing like anything close to us. I will definitely be back again.
My wife and I ate at MTO on  a Tuesday morning at 9 AM.  When we arrived, there was nobody else eating the restaurant, which is usually not a great sign the food is going to be good.  However, given the many positive reviews we read, we were willing to stick around and try this place out.  We are really glad we did.

My wife and I each ordered the MTO breakfast which was priced at $14; kind of steep, right? No, not really.  When the food came out, it was a humongous portion of food.  You really have to be hungry finish your meal (which I did).  You get three eggs, 2 large links of sausage, 4 strips of pork bacon, 2 strips of turkey bacon, two pieces of spam fried crispy, 2 slices of toast, and a huge order of hash browns.  Again, a lot of food.  

I have to say, this meal was great.  Everything was good; we were not disappointed.  If we lived in Las Vegas, we would visit often to try other items on their menu.  One baffling aspect of this restaurant is that they are only open 8 AM - 2 PM.  Perhaps this is because they are surrounded by the city court complex and city hall areas.  However, I think they could do a stiff happy hour business in the 4-7 PM time-frame.  They should really consider staying open later to boost their business.  I have no doubt they would be busy as their food and service is top-notch.
I don't usually notice service unless it is outstanding or terrible, but I couldn't shut up about how attentive and alert out waitress was. 

After a night of heavy La Bayou Yard-Long drinking, this hit the spot! The salmon skillet was on point, and the KFC chicken is a nice alternative to its greasy cousin, but I feel there is a lot more to the menu -- such as those delectable honey donuts.

Portions were sized appropriately and you will not leave hungry or disappointed. Price was fair for the quality you receive. 

PS the beet juice (red juice) is THE BOMB - nourishment with every sip!
Few places get an outstanding across as far as both food quality, service quality and comfort. The Food has creative combinations of flavor. Every bite must be savored. My mouth had the pleasure of trying the Fat Elvis, which has bananas, bacon,strawberries,blueberries, peanut butte  and Nutella in between French toast. No need for syrup as it is a mouthful of heavenly sweetness. - I also shared half of the Hangover Burger with the fried egg. Again a mouthful of goodness.-our waitress was sweet & attentive. Not to mention, the owner, Ben, personally came by to check up on us. They also cater to any dietary needs.This place is only a 5min walk from Fremont across the street from City Hall and by far the best breakfast stop!
Wow! This place is fantastic!!!! Went here on a whim after the children's museum and so glad we did. This was one if the better restaurants I've been to in Las Vegas. My kids split the chicken and waffles. The chicken was perfectly cooked and the waffles were delicious. My wife had the Philly cheesesteak with fries and I had the Reuben. The reuben was the best I've ever had. BEST.EVER.SERIOUSLY. It was made with buffalo meat! Yum! Our table also split the apple rings and they were to die for! I don't know how long this place has been here but I hope it does well. I will be bringing all out of town guests here.
I was hesitant at first to come down just because I didn't want to deal with the parking situation down time. The parking garage was a plus, it was only $3 when we went, and the waitress did validate it for $1.50 off, another bonus. 

We had a group of 5, one being vegan, and she found plenty of items to order. I ended up splitting the Fat Elvis and the Fried Chicken & Waffles, I wasn't really into the Fat Elvis, but the Chicken & Waffles were fantastic, not the best I've had, but they were tasty. We also tried the donuts and fried apple rings. Both were good, not something I would order again.  There were a few other menu items I'd like to come back and try, the Quinoa Burger looks great. I'll be back when I find myself in need of a breakfast spot downtown, this is way better than eat.
There were several good options for breakfast when I checked Yelp for our visit to Vegas (we were staying off the main strip that morning). We decided on this one as it had good reviews and was closest to where we were at. 

We were quite disappointed. I feel like they were trying to be too creative and forgot some of the basics. I'm from the Bay Area and have been to plenty of trendy restaurants similar to this, but thought this fell flat. My wife got the Fat Elvis (bananas, nutella, and peanut butter stuffed between two large slices of french toast with strawberries on the side) and I got the chicken and waffles. We basically split the two plates to try them both. 

I like sweet breakfast foods, but the flavors of the Fat Elvis just didn't work for either of us. It may have been the combination of the nutella with peanut butter. Aside from that, the actual french toast was pretty lackluster. The waffle part of the chicken and waffles was bland--I can make much better waffles at home. The chicken was fine, but the sauce they used on top of the chicken wasn't that great. I've only had chicken and waffles one other time, and it was amazing there, so maybe the bar was set to high for me. The fries that came with the chicken and waffles were pretty good. 

We came in at an odd hour (about 10:40am), so we were the only ones there part of the time. The service was very friendly. But the two meals we got were ones recommended by the waitress, and we just were not fans of them.

For the price (our meals were $13 each), I would have hoped for a lot better.
Modern Grill is a new restaurant providing fresh pizza, salads, and sandwiches in NE Phoenix. They also have a bar and small market area with wine, specialty jams and other unique grocery items. Their original location is in Flagstaff and they are now expanding to the metro Phoenix area. Several items are sourced locally for freshness and almost all dishes are made from scratch. On my first trip, I went for breakfast and ordered their bacon, egg and cheese panini. The egg was cooked perfectly for a sandwich and the bacon was very flavorful. Coffee is self serve in the morning, and available in a to go cup to top of for the road.  The staff is friendly and quick to serve customers, today even passing out free pumpkin muffins! I will be back to try dinner.
This is the kind of place our neighborhood needed! The food was fantastic, the staff beyond helpful and great decor. We had a salad, brushetta and a pizza. It was all delicious and fresh. I can't wait to go back for happy hour!
What a great place! Food is fresh and delicious. The wait staff is super friendly and helpful. Great atmosphere to bring the kids. We love the open air concept and will be coming back often. The cookies are awesome. So glad this is in our neighborhood.
We ate there last night. We had the "gluten friendly" free Bianca Pizza, it was very good. We loved the atmosphere, the staff was very friendly. We will definitely be returning. Welcome to the neighborhood.
Great place! Very nice and friendly. Concept is very unique as you can order your own food until 4 after wards, restaurant changes to a sit down restaurant.

Food was AHHH MAZING! 
we ate very light. Strawberry Salad and pizza. 

I am in mesa and very worth the Drive!!
Average food, awful service.  Giving them three stars since they haven't been open long. 

I had chicken salad sandwich.  Flavorful but bread was extremely dry, and the chicken salad itself has scant mayo or whatever it is holding it together, so I choked it down with several glasses of water.  My side of fruit salad would be better coined as "bowl of melons".

Husband had bacon cheddar burger, which was over cooked and bland.  He said side of pasta salad was really good however.

Our server has now walked by our table eleven times without bringing the check.  Not impressed.  Hope they work out the kinks and confusion, seems like this place has potential but there is LOTS of disorganization and confusion by waitstaff and kitchen commotion.
Groovy new spot and very nice staff, outside dining and modern design... And good location. 

Enjoyed dinner, mushroom burger was really good including the sweet potato fries and macaroni balls!
Got takeout opening day a portabello burger
Side o fruit salad small and not ripe
Had 2 bites o burger but got up for min and dog ate it
It was just ok
Came back for 7 brekkie pastry they open 7 but was told pastry coming out 730
Not cool
But i suspect they will try to get it together
Will come back later
4/26/14-  Bartender Peanut mixed me a special brew. 4/5 Hella Pils and 1/5 Firehouse IPA. Changed my rating from 1 to 4 stars!  

Added after meal:  decided to go to the restroom before I left. NOT COOL!  Unisex sink area- guess I'm just old fashioned that way. I don't want to share a sink area and toilet with men.  I hope this isn't a new trend. 

Maybe they don't have the kinks worked out yet, so I'll give 2 stars for this visit. 
My sandwich - turkey and cheddar panini - was delicious. My fries were cold. Hubby's Cuban panini seemed to be assembled by a child- Cuban is turkey, ham and pickles- all the turkey was on one side of the bread, all the ham was on the other side and the pickle was only in the middle - so it was more like 3 sandwiches rather than the delicious combo of flavors that a Cuban should be. 
Let me just say that I never really understood the concept of placing your own order, picking a seat then having a "server" bring you the food. While waiting much too long for a panini, I saw the food delivery folks wandering all around almost dropping food looking for the right table. Also, you have to get your own drinks and condiments including salt and pepper. But you can bet there was a line for a tip in the credit card slip!  Since I did most of the work, it puts me in a pickle when it comes to tip amount. 
Outside seating and bar are really cool though and the music didn't suck. I'll be back to see if things improve.
Updated:  6-1-14

I will update this review after/we return.  First bad sign was at the register.  The girl taking our order was ok but not exactly customer service oriented or friendly.  We ordered 3 appetizers so we could try a few different. 

Finally after 25 minutes 1 of the appetizers showed up (Mac n cheese balls). They were pretty good. Not amazing but good. About 5 minutes later our kale salad arrived.  I will say that the kale salad was fantastic. If I return again I'll order it for sure.  We were told our 3rd item (pretzels)  was going to be "right out". Well 20 minutes later (55 minutes total) they still haven't been delivered, no one has checked on us and our daughter is done sitting still so it's time go. 

I understand things happen in a restaurant but if you can't a soft pretzel taken care of in under an hour after you've been fully aware that there was an issue with this order 25 minutes in then you've got serious problems.  

We really wanted to like this place.  It's got great outdoor seating and is right around the corner from my house.  Not sure yet if I'll give them another chance.  If I do. I'll update this review.


Update : went back a 2nd time and had an equally disappointing experience.  We want to like this place but I can't imagine returning.
We needed a place like this in the neighborhood! 

The family and I checked it out for a late lunch yesterday. Cool space in the new strip mall. Order at the counter and find your own seat.

I had the bacon cheddar burger with sweet potato fries. Both were delicious

The Mac and cheese bites were delicious.

My wife had the vegetable panini which she really liked.

Our service was great and overall we both loved it.


Will be back for sure.
I'm rooting for this neighborhood restaurant, but they really need to work on their customer service. The atmosphere is great, very cute and so far, after 3 visits, I can only say the food is just okay.  I would and want to continue to come back, but their service is NOT good. They really need to work on improving. C'mon, step it up! We want you to stay in business!!
I've only had to-go from Modern Grove, and my experience was pretty good. I ordered the veggie sandwich which had an abundance of grilled vegetables and creamy goat cheese. For my side I decided on pasta salad, the woman who took my order made sure to warn me that there was meat in the pasta salad, since I had ordered a vegetarian sandwich. I think it's great that she was paying close attention to such details, even though I'm a carnivore and meat was no problem. Once I got the sandwich, it turned out to be huge. The photo I have is of it cut in half, but it's actually two layers of sandwich on top of each other. The portion size was very generous. The bread that came on it was foccacia style and a perfect texture. The pasta salad was very good too, it had lot's of flavor. I will definitely return to try more of the menu.
Have been to this place twice since it opened a week or so ago.  Very delcious food.  Love the Mac and cheese bits with their bacon aioli dipping sauce.  So good the dipping sauce should be offered with the fries automatically.  Only thing I could say that they need to work on is their table running.  They have an indoor outdoor area and it seems as though they have no system on what numbers they hand out during the brunch/lunch hours.  Servers walk around looking for numbers as the food cools.  Definitely worth a try, but they still have a few kinks to work out.
This place is completely unprepared at all times. 45 minutes after placing my to-go order; I finally receive my food. Def NOT worth the wait. Overall; I don't recommend Modern Grove & my advice to them would to be hire better &/or more staff.
From the outside, this place is very inviting, I could not wait to try it!   They've been open a little over a week.   Tonight my husband and I checked it out.   The décor, ambiance and feel of the place were great.  However, the positives end there.    We were seated promptly, however it took 50 minutes to get our food.   
There were about 10 people in the kitchen, so we were thinking food would be sent out pretty quickly.  We were wrong.   I ordered the Capri Sandwich (Mozzarella, red peppers and prosciutto) and my husband ordered the steak Panini.
It should not take 50 minutes for these items.
Sandwich:  Bread was STALE!  Very Stale, it was so hard I could hear a noise when I banged the crust on the table.   There needs to be more quality control in the kitchen and this item should NOT have been served to anyone.   The side pasta salad was also hard- you could tell it had been left in open air and was not sealed for storage until use....
Panini: very fatty, not great quality of meat.
It took awhile to get our check.  We could not wait to get out of there.
Management:  Please have a quality control person in your kitchen to inspect everything before it leaves the kitchen and served to customers.  For a new restaurant, there are sure to be some kinks, but the quality of food served, after waiting 50 minutes for it was not acceptable.
Hopefully they straighten up their act, or this place will not be open for long.
this place should have tested some things out before opening...

like the food, the service, the food, the service... (what else is there?)

sat down and immediately heard several managers apologizing to many tables about how late the food was coming out. the table next to us was one of those tables. they then got their food, lady took a bite and gentleman cut open his burger and they both literally got up and left! YIKES! we already ordered, so we were stuck now...

food arrives about 25-35 minutes later. pizza comes out first which was interesting because the other items were two salads and a sandwich (nothing to cook). pizza was bright orange because of how much grease was sitting on top :( about 5 minutes later two salads came out... not our salads...so back to the kitchen they go. my husbands sandwich came out with fries when he ordered fruit. the menu isnt that complex, what is the deal? his sandwich was so dry he had to chug water between bites (chicken salad sandwich) the edges of the bread were rock solid/inedible. fruit salad i think was left over from breakfast because the dish was filled with juice and fruit was mush. as for the salads, they finally came out correct...but i think the lettuce was mix from when they opened. my husband works in the produce industry, and i couldn't even fork my spring mix because it was so mushy and flat. i ordered the chicken strawberry salad and the chicken was waaaay overcooked, couldnt even cut it with a fork to break it up. had to saw into it with a knife (these are 3 little nugget pieces anyway). 

went to leave, had to walk to the counter to get my check because the 17 people standing in the kitchen/front area couldn't seem to get it together. what could go wrong now? of well i was billed for the salad that i got incorrectly...they showed me the check for my bill and then charged me an extra $8...so 15 minutes later they got it fixed (still crossing my fingers that i dont get charged first) and then offered me a buy one get one free lunch... thanks but no thanks. i'll be driving right past this place or even going next door to firehouse. 

the structure is beautiful but service and food are kind of a bigger deal...!
I went for lunch I will not return for lunch but will try for dinner the menu is the same but I'm hoping experience will be much different . First off I'm not a fan of the concept of the restaurant being cafe style during day & sit down at night, it would make since if the menu was different durning day  but for how hot food is prepared I don't want a paradise bakery experience on walking up to order and then going to counter to pick up it was a bit of a disaster. Service is in great need of getting things to run smoothly here but it is a new restaurant so I'm sure it will get worked out . The food was ok nothing great but I would go back for convenience  of being close to hm , I do love the decor and urban vibe atmosphere the patio dining is really fun & cute! Reasonably priced menu options and kid friendly I will go back to try the dinner experience but for now it I would only give it 2.5/3 stars will update again after dinner experience
I drive by this place everyday to work. Finally stopped by on my day off with my daughter. I got the chopped salad and she got the chicken panini. The salad I could of made at home and better. I am not kidding when I say it had one slice of bell pepper, a few bits of cheese and pepperoni. It was all lettuce. If I'm going to pay 9.00 for a chopped salad I am going to get my money's worth and go up the street to Oreganos. My daughter's panini was bland and the fries that came with it were underdone (hard inside and cold). The place is attractive and the outdoor bar is really nice. But, the food doesn't cut it. Will not go back nor would I recommend.
Everytime we drive passed this place it's packed. My family and I stopped in for some lunch.  Line went fast, about 20 min wait, Well Worth It! I had the marinated steak panini, melts in your mouth! The fries are on the spot! Crispy on the outside soft on the inside.  My fiancé loved the cheddar bacon burger.  Highly recommend this place!!
On my way to an appt today, I stopped in to have lunch and check it out.  It is rare that I am out and about without my kids, so I was looking forward to an awesome lunch.

I followed the sign pointing me to the register to order, and got in line behind a large family.  I waited....and waited....and waited as about seven of them each placed an order.  Suddenly behind me I hear a voice saying to go to another register that opened.  I assume the voice is talking to me, since I am next.  But no...she is talking to the people BEHIND me in line!?!

Really?  How hard is it to take the next person in line?  Realizing with this kind of service I would never make my appointment if I continued waiting, I left.  My first impression of your restaurant is one of disorganization and snide staff, because when the woman realized she'd skipped me, she said she thought I was with the other group (despite being behind them, not with them...and she should have asked).  She made no effort to make amends, and if management can afford to let paying customers leave their very first time visiting, shame on them.

Very disappointed, thought we finally would have a neighborhood spot for our family, since several of us live in the neighborhood, but I guess not.  Not to mention the vibe in the place was pure chaos, which isn't a pleasant atmosphere to dine in.
Went to Modern Grove on a Saturday afternoon for a late lunch with my boyfriend. It reminded me of a Fox Concept but not as good. I really liked the look, the ambiance, the patio, and the overall feel of the place. It's a very laid back, come how you are type of place. The menu was okay, nothing I haven't seen before. Food was good, again nothing new, very basic salads and sandwiches. What Modern Grove has going for them is the ambiance, the patio, the grab n go market, the welcoming feel, and the convenient location. The service however, is severely lacking. Two food runners brought us our entrees and didn't bother to ask if we needed anything else. Just literally sat the plates down and walked away while carrying on with their conversation. We were sitting at the bar and not one of the THREE bartenders (there are only 16 stools and only about 6 were occupied) bothered to check on us. I finally interrupted someone to ask for salt and pepper and some ketchup for our fries. I saw managers sitting and eating, then sitting again, not doing anything productive to keep guests happy. You would think for a brand new place they would be doing more to promote their business, stopping by tables, introducing themselves, etc. Not so much. Hopefully, with time, the service will improve. It will probably be some time before I come back again. To sum it all up: Food: average Ambiance: good Service: amateur
I am really hoping this place gets it together soon. It is such an awesome location. However, our service and food was pretty bad. It took over 20 min for a waitress to take our order. (We were there around 5, so it wasn't busy.) My burger was over done and tastes rubbery. My kids food came our cold. It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk. I have this place two stars because the manager took care of our bill (we weren't the only ones to complain...) and because the grassy patio is really nice.
Cool setting and environment.  I really wanted to like the food because of this, but it was only so-so.  The bar is nice and they have good beers on draft and it's not overly expensive.  I wouldn't come back for the food, but I'd go back to have a drink and sit on the patio.
Really great new place! Hip decor, good food, great beer prices. The service was a little messy, but not surprising since they're new. Looking forward to trying this place again!
After seeing this new restaurant in our neighborhood we were anxious to try it.  Based on their website we decided to try it for Happy Hour.  The place is open and attractive.  When our server arrived my husband asked him what the happy hour wine was and his answer was that they didn't have happy hour YET.  He said that some things are happy hour priced but he didn't know what they were.  I told him they needed to update their website which clearly states they have happy hour and even have the menu posted.  We ordered the Cubano sandwich.  It was attractively presented, however, there was no turkey or cheese.  It was a very thin sandwich with two slices of ham and lots of pickles,  which did not cover the bread.  Very disappointing for the price.  The potato salad, however, was excellent.  Never once did anyone check to see how our meal was, including the manager.  The server was young and inexperienced.  We left disappointed.  Yesterday in the AZ Republic they featured this restaurant as a new Phoenix restaurant and mentioned the non-existant happy hour.  They have a long way to go if they are going to be successful.  Right now they are in the "honeymoon phase" but that will not last forever.
4/7/14:  food is still good, but again, service is a disorganized mess.  Server appeared before our butts were in the chairs, so we rushed to figure out what we wanted to drink.  They were out of two of the five beers on tap, but husband ordered one of the remaining three and I asked about the wines, and she knew nothing about them. I rolled the dice and ordered the red blend. 

She returned quickly with waters for us, and then we placed our order:  pretzel sticks appetizer to share, Italian chopped salad and hail kale salad for me.

A few minutes go by and ALL of the food arrived, but we still had no beer or wine.  Thankfully the person who delivered our food went and grabbed our drinks from the bar for our server.

Pretzel sticks were ok.  Better than most, but not as good as the pretzels from Haus Murphy, which is expected. Warm, light, fluffy, but blandish and not much salt.

Kale salad was good.  Baby kale leaves, crunchy pistachios, mandarin oranges, cranberries, and vinaigrette, which was lightly flavored and tasty.

Husband said Italian chop salad was "ok"...wasn't bad, wasn't great.  Note: if you order this, your meat is sparse and on the bottom.

Ordered cheesecake for dessert when I started to update this review, still hadn't arrived...and I'm a slow phone typist.

Still hopeful they get their ducks in a row--it's a great concept, just poorly orchestrated at this point.
Food is okay, not as imaginative or special as I had hoped. Wedge Salad was solid.  The 4 cheese panino lacks any special touches or flavors.  This place has a great deal of potential with a few tweaks.  Got free deserts to try, that is a great touch to gain wider favor.  Staff was a bit over eager but that is likely due to it being opening day
Took the kids to breakfast and was completely under whelmed. While lunch and dinner include a wait staff, breakfast is served cafeteria style. Yuk.  Order your food, wait, food comes out ..... nuts, didn't get silverware so go back in (we sat outside as apparently I hadn't ingested enough car exhaust) and nuts again as I forgot to get a drink.  They don't have a full bar so forget a breakfast bloody and the food was very forget able as well.  They employees were very nice, bright and cheerful so perhaps we will try it again for lunch or dinner.  Breakfast?  Not so much
This place is amazing! I love their staff and the decor and more importantly the food. My children loved the fruit and sandwiches as well my husband and I enjoyed our burgers and french fries. Food had such great flavor and was cooked to perfection! The staff was eager to help my family and myself from the moment we entered the door. I don't know about you but if that isn't great customer service then I don't know what it is! I will definitely return soon and tell all my friends and family about the new and exciting Modern Grove. I give them !
I am writing this review from the restaurant. Why, may you ask am I writing this from the restaurant and not ... Oh... Let's say eating or perhaps drinking? Well we have been sitting here for one hour (not an exaggeration - it's a Thursday. We got here at 7:45. It is now 8:48). Our appetizer has now arrived as well as my daughter's Mac and cheese, my husband's grilled cheese and a random pizza "on the house". It's been an hour. 

The appetizer we ordered is the Mac and cheese bites which are not bad. The cheese and bacon sauce is pretty good and really delish if you dip your sandwich.

(Btw, 8:56 and the manager just came over. He apologized profusely and said he was embarrassed and offered to comp our meal. 3 of us still don't have a meal. The manager just came back to ask what we ordered)

My daughter really loves her Mac and cheese which looks pretty delicious.

I ordered the traditional iced tea which is really good and has a strong tea flavor. I like it a lot. I've also had a lot of it. :)

It's 9:03.

My husband is now taking my daughter home to put her to bed. She's 3.

9:08! My food is here! My friend's food is here! My mother-in-law's food is not.

Ok. Now we have our food. MIL has pizza Bianca. She likes it and says that you can really taste the different cheeses. There's arugula on it which gives the pizza bite and adds some delicious flavor. 

Both my friend and I ordered cheeseburgers . They were flavorful, but the kitchen put the whole burger under the broiler and that burned the top of bun and made the bun strangely greasy. I also thought that the patty was a bit thin which made it somewhat dry. Flavorful, but a bit dry.

Now, we also ordered a bread pudding to go when we ordered almost 2 hours ago, but I think we're going to just let it go. 

Food is a 2
Experience is a 0 but it's a cute place so it's a 1
And so it's a 1 and a half, but the manager asked us to come back and try it again and I will give it the benefit of the doubt, so it's a 2.
Update: french fries and hash browns recipes changed. They were better when they first opened. I can't seem to get an answer on the change. Not as good. 

Great place. Great atmosphere. With open indoor and patio dining. Just had their grand opening and the service is getting to match the good good they serve. A must try if you live in the PV/Scottsdale area. Love the San tan hefe!
Long wait for food. Food arrived cold. Disorganized waitstaff. Nice patio but I can get that at home. Go to Firehouse Subs. It's just down the way...
Truly disappointed. This restaurant has so much potential but seems to be run by those from the Island of Misfit Toys. I gave this place 2 chances: lunch and dinner. Our dinner experience was that of everyone else listed. Took 2hrs for all of food to be brought and it came piece by piece over the 2hrs. It was kids Mac n Chz (cold & gross), side of sweet potato fries (cold) and caprese salad (quite nice). Gave benefit of the doubt as they had opened only a few weeks ago and tried lunch today. Still horrible. Ordered our food at the register, offered my card to pay and was told it would be 35 min wait for a burger and salad. really? I snatched my card back and told the gal to delete our order.  she seemed shocked we wouldn't wait. 

We will not return and have advised neighbors and friends of our experience there. 

Honestly, it seems the customers desperately want this place to to be their neighborhood cafe but ppl won't wait forever for this place to get its act together.
We stopped in Saturday about 12:30 and ordered at the counter.  Apparently this place is order at the counter by day and traditional restaurant style service at night.

We ordered the hummus, kale salad, and Mac n cheese bites. We got our iced tea, which they have 3 kinds, and waited...

After 35 minutes our food finally comes out, well the Mac bites and hummus. A food runner comes over with a kale salad which we tell her we are waiting on.  She then looks at the menu and takes our salad back to the kitchen and then starts cashiering... We tell another runner we are waiting on a kale salad so she goes into the kitchen and brings that same salad back to us.  Word to the managers- hot pink scrunchie employee is not helping you!!!!

The food itself was actually quite good.  The Mac bites were warm and yummy- the pasta was not overlooked.  The hummus comes with yummy pita chips and olives and feta on top of the hummus.  The kale salad was my favorite with pistachios and mandarin oranges.

If we had gotten our food without the confusion, if rate modern grove 4 stars.
Oh boy! They could really use some good management. Great concept but the poor employees have NO clue what they are doing. Maybe they opened too soon!
This place had potential too! Bummer. The decor is lovely, but the service is AWFUL. We ordered dinner and drinks...WE ended up having to go up to the bar ourselves to get the drinks after waiting 15 minutes. Our food took over 30 minutes to come out, and my bruschetta came out totally wrong. They have a pick 3...and the server brought out 1 out of the 3 I ordered. My husband ordered a burger and it was just ok.

I wish they would have executed the service, because it really is a cute place. Definitely will not be returning to Modern Grove.
Great atmosphere.  It definitely helps revitalize the intersection at Tatum and Greenway.  The restaurant itself is really cute and lives up to its vibe of being a modern neighborhood eatery.  Love the outdoor space with the outdoor bar and the cornhole boards.

I got the gobbler (turkey burger) which was pretty solid as far as turkey burgers go.  The toppings were generous (there was half an avocado on top -- yum).  The portions are pretty good for the price and the fries are delicious.  

We went during lunch rush hour and while it was busy we didn't feel like our service was sacrificed.  Our food came out pretty much immediately after we had sat down.  Parking can be really busy (we had to park all the way down at Walgreen's).  

The one thing -- and this is an odd complaint -- is that there weren't any napkin dispensers anywhere.  All of the silverware came wrapped in a napkin but when my hubby spilled his coffee we had no choice but to grab three or four silverware sets just to use the napkins.
First timers. Everyone is talking about this place. We had to try it.

Absolutely exceptional customer service. Tina was so accommodating and willing to do what made my sister happy.. She had order the Cubano Panino, not realizing that there's massive mustard in the sandwich. Tina took it back with no hesitation,  gave her another sandwich with no mustard., not only that, she also put sweeet potato fries on the side for her on the house!! 

I ordered the Grove, vegetarian of course. It was okay. Not bad not good. The sweet potato is really good :)

I drove far for this.. I would come back :)
First time. I may come again to try something else. I got a pizza and while it was very good the crust tasted like it needed salt. It had a fig spread, caramelized onions, goat cheese, and topped with ham. The fig spread was delicious and my husband kept stealing my pizza. His pizza was extremely bland. There wasn't any sauce and it basically was arugula and ham on a bland crust. My kids got cheese pizza which was good. The atmosphere is fun and the service decent. So I'll give it another try.
I have gone twice both for lunch, the restaurant is charming but anyone can make  trendy country decor. The food is hit and miss. They need to figure out what is working and what is not, there is no consistency. 

First time we ordered the chips and dip, was a hit and had unique texture and taste. The apple chicken sandwich was falling apart and light but nothing to write home about. The bruschetta was blah.

Second time was a birthday celebration and two haven't been there before. I fore warned not to get their hopes up. Two ordered the mushroom burger, cashier didn't ask the temp, so it came our well done. Looked like a flat dry piece of meat. Then the strawberry chicken salad on field greens was disappointing due to the chicken being over cooked and so dry we had trouble cutting it let alone swallowing it.

I ordered the margarita pizza to play it safe this time. It was flavorful and good. With the overall experience it's not worth the wait, time, or money. I might try it again in a few months after they work some kinks out!
I have been here twice.  The first time was fine and the food was good.  There were not many guests so the service was quick.  Based on the first time I would recommend this place to everyone.  The second time I went was not good at all.  It was busy but not all the tables were full.  It took 25 minutes to get chips and dip and we had to ask another waitress to remind our waiter.  It took a total of 45 minutes to get our sandwiches.  My sandwich was very good tasting but my wife's sandwich was completely black, not brown but black.  It was inedible.  Needless to say; the wait was bad and then the food, and even though the waiter was nice, he spent a lot of time just standing at the kitchen and not taking care of his tables.    We were not the only table waiting so there was obviously a problem in the kitchen and people were upset.  I am not sure if I will try it again but maybe they will get another chance.  On the positive side, when we showed the waiter the sandwich, which he had to see when he brought it to our table, they did not charge us for anything.  At least I have a free meal but we had to go somewhere else to get my wife something.  She didn't like my sandwich.
Very cool decor, it was a fun and casual environment. Dog friendly outside which is a plus. I had the margherita pizza which was pretty good. Will def go back to try something else.
Takes a page from the LGO/Liberty Market blueprint for creating the neighborhood friendly market/bar that seems to be ever popular these days.  Unlike others my service was prompt and like most others my meal was good.
Solid, fresh lunch place! While there is nothing spectacular about the menu, the ingredients are super fresh. The house made bread is really an awesome touch.

We went during lunch which is self serve. Found staff to be very helpful and friendly. 

Chicken salad sandwich is refreshing as was the tuna salad sandwich. Tuna was a bit heavy on the mayo but would give it another try. I rather enjoyed the mayo-less potato salad with fresh herbs and the inclusion of sweet potato cubes. 

Panini's are nice as well. My husband had the roast beef panini and he said it was very nice and flavorful.  "From the Grove" veggie panini is great! Love the grilled veggies with goat cheese - lots of natural flavors from the squash and peppers.

Inside can be loud but l love the decor and neighborhood feel of this little eatery.  Would recommend anyone give it a try. Note peak hours are very busy - go early or late if possible.
Great spot for the area. Comfy and warm with a great patio and good energy. The food was fine. Pizza could have been warmer and the mac and cheese balls were a little bland although the dipping sauce was yummy. The issue here is service. It is very slow and not very attentive. I had to ask a busser for an iced tea refill. Once the food was delivered we never saw our server again until it was time for the check. We were asked 3 times by three different people if we would like our dishes cleared said yes please all 3 times but none of them ever cleared them. Odd.
PLEASE MANAGEMENT, work on making sure that food is delivered in a timely manner. Having to wait for dinner with kids is not fun as much as we love our children.

We ordered the mac and cheese balls, they were really good. So was the bean soup (very tasty) however, here comes the bad news. The Cesar salad was awful, it came with dressing on it however it seemed so dry. I asked for extra dressing, I was given an ounce of dressing, not enough to make a difference in the taste. The chicken in it was dry and was cut into big chunks, wasn't sure if i was eating the croutons of chicken. Maybe slice the chicken instead of chopping them up in big bite size pieces? Also, please when you deliver food to a table, make sure you give your customers forks and spoons. Please? Having to wait to eat your salad because you are not given forks, SUCKS.  

My mom ordered the kale salad was good but was over charged by 3 dollars when we received the bill. Bummer. Glad we caught it.

Burgers were too salty, the kids ate the fries, not the burgers. Waste of food.

Kids mac and cheese is da bomb. Yes, I ate off my daughters plate because my salad was yucky.

My sister ordered a pizza but it looked under cooked, blah. I didn't even want to try it.

Desserts are wonderful!!! Cheesecake is amazing as is the bread pudding.

Please work on cleaning up the menu! This place can be a great neighborhood joint but your restaurant decor is FOR SURE is outshining your food.

Will I come back? Probably not......not until I see Yelp reviews stating the places has changed for the better.

I hate these kind of reviews but someone needs to tell Modern Grove that their food isn't so "modern" at this point. Could have cooked it at home kind of meal.

Our waiter was AWESOME though!!!!!! I forgot his name but he did great.
My husband and I were so excited to see a trendy and family friendly restaurant pop up near our neighborhood we couldn't wait to try! We gushed over the decor for the entire time it took to get our wine (15 mins) which was sub par and room temperature. The menu was good, but only if you were on a "cheat day".  We ordered the only 3 healthy options on the menu and were VERY disappointed. The hummus app was the smallest portion of hummus we've ever encountered, but the stale pita chips were enough for a portion 10x the size.  My Caprese salad didn't feel fresh and his garden salad was blah.  Again we pondered, "maybe we ordered wrong" but come on, you shouldn't have ANYTHING on your menu if you don"t stand behind it.  It was so disappointing that WE WENT TO ANOTHER RESTAURANT  AFTER ON A WORK DAY THAT CRAZY!!!    This place makes me soooooo sad because its the first trendy thing within 7 miles of our house! PLEASE PLAESE FIX THIS WE WILL BE REGULARS!
The staff nice & helpful for the most part. The Hail Kale salad was very very tasty & side potato salad with sweet & red potatoes was tasty too. I would go back again & maybe have some of their beer selection.
First time here at this neighborhood joint....love the open air decor.....we sat at the bar and it was perfect....Tyler was very hospitable by giving us tasters of beer on tap and informative of the menue....I had the Kale Salad and Grilled Cheese with very tasty Fries......definitely will return to this place:-)
I have given this place four tries two lunch one dinner one brunch on Sunday and all failed in the food department. The first two times service at outdoor tables was awful. Extremely slow service. Refills were impossible and they were taking away plates before people were finished eating. Pretzels dry, salads wilted and sandwich my friend had was on dry bun and over cooked.  I blamed all this on the fact they had only been open a few weeks. Next two visits I sat deliberately up at the bar so i could eliminate the table service. The bartenders I have encountered are all very sweet and attentive but food quality still was terrible. Hummus had no flavor. I asked for veggies substitute instead of bread and it was like I asked them to make me a Big Mac. The pizza my friend ordered was under done and the crust was still white. I opted to forgo dinner and drank a glass of wine. My last trip was from this past Sunday. I went alone for morning brunch. My quiche (you can see in pic) had a browned top and a raw bottom crust. Eggs were cold and even watery and undercooked in center. What a bummer. This place is literally one min from my house and I would have given them regular business. Giving up until I read consistent good reviews.
This is an excellent addition to the area.  Its a great indoor/outdoor space with a very relaxed atmosphere.  Actually, I think its a little too relaxed.  My family was greeted right away upon entering and were given a table outside.  It was seriously 10 minutes before anybody even noticed us to take a drink order or at least say hi.  It wasn't even that busy (5:45pm on a Tuesday) so it was odd.  My wife lost the coin toss so she had to walk inside to ask wtf the deal was.  They sent one of the bus boys to take our drink order which finally came 10 minutes after that.  Our actual waitress was very very nice but that was about it.  Our appetizers came out 30 seconds before our entree which didn't even matter because we didn't have any silverware.  I lost the coin toss on that one so I had to walk inside to steal some off another table.

I have to say though, this place does have the food going for it at least.

*  wedge salad = excellent.  One of the best I've had.  The reduced balsamic was a nice touch as was the plentiful bacon
* fried mac n' cheese balls = omg so good.  and that dipping sauce..holy cow I just had a heart attack
* burgers = very good burgers for a bar type place
* peach iced tea = gross...I normally don't Yelp ice tea but this was awful

Anyway, I will be back.  I like the atmosphere and the food was good.  The happy hour specials were decent too but I didn't get to take advantage because my family was invisible for 15 minutes to a waitress.
This place was all right. Other reviews likened their first impression of Modern Grove to a "second tier Fox concept," and now that I've spent a meal there I pretty much agree.

We came here for a late-ish (1:45 - 2:00) lunch on a sunny (and windy!) Saturday. I was surprised that pretty much all the lawn tables and seating were full, given how gusty it was outside. The big garage-door window wall was up and there is tons of natural light in the space, so we got to have some of the effects of outdoor seating without my hair turning into a nest and our napkins flying around. Score! Another score: didn't have to worry about being bombarded by one of the many children flinging beanbags at each other and running around the front door. Hey, there parents were too busy drinking beer to keep their kids in check. Give them a break. *eyeroll*

Service at lunch time was order at the counter, fill your own drink, take your number to the table style. I appreciated that the girl at the "host" station asked each incoming party if they'd been there before (most had not) and explained the set up. It's just nice.

We ordered the hummus to share, while I took the veggie panini and boyfriend opted for the turkey burger. The hummus and my sandwich came out at the same time; turkey burger took about 5 more minutes. Not a huge deal, since boyfriend was in the process of ordering us drinks at the bar and the amount of time he waited for those two drinks took laughably long. There was a guy at behind the bar with his back to the inside room, reading over some notebook/menu who WOULD NOT turn around. Finally another girl came over and took his order for a beer and mimosa. Again, it took FOREVER for her to give him the tab and then pick up his card and run it. Maybe she was in the weeds, but it really wasn't that busy?

Onto the important stuff: FOOD. The hummus was delish, and I liked the pita crackers it was served with. I really enjoyed the feta/olive/herb oil melange poured on top of the hummus. Veggie panini was standard. I really loved the grilly flavor of the veggies, I just wish they would think outside the box. All I could discern was grilled onions, zucchini and red peppers, with the same standard-blah balsamic glaze. Mix it up! I got a fruit cup for my side, which was a typical mix. (Grapes, pineapple, melons)

Boyfriend said his turkey burger was one of the best he'd ever had, and it looked great. There was a good portion of avocado on top of the patty, none of this "here's a microscopic sliver of avo for $1.00" business to be found. His fries were thin and seasoned. Great!

I found out my boss had tried this place for dinner and had a disastrous wait time. Between her experience and many reviews on Yelp, I think our future game plan for Modern Grove will be: 1) stick to an "off" time, 2) try a different vegetarian option (the pizzas looked pretty dang good; the bruschetta assortment looked a little wimpy for $10) 3) attempt to kidnap a child and see how far away I can get before their drinking parents notice. Hooray!
Service and execution need help. On our third visit to modern grove the kitchen was a disaster. Sandwiches came out looking beautiful until you turned it over to discover the bottom was black. Asked for a replacement grilled cheese which they graciously supplied. Unfortunately, the cheese was not melted?

For a group of six, kitchen sent out 2 meals, several minutes later came next 3 meals. Last person was served 10 minutes later than the rest of the party. Steak sandwich was served rare not by request. 

Embarrassing that service is so hit or miss. Get your act together and I'll be back!
I'm totally disappointed, i wanted to like the place, the menu looks good, but I'm not coming back any time soon.

first the lady a the counter was very nice (you order an pay first) I ordered a to go wedge salad, it took over 15 minutes to get it... really? finally i get up and see if somebody know anything about my salad, the lady who took the order saw me and knew right away they had messed up. again she was very nice offering cutlery and stuff but i just needed to leave.

i opened my salad and it looked like it had been sitting outside a few minutes, with a LOT of creamy dressing and a very strong mayo flavor, i like mayo, but not on my wedge salad, who puts mayo on a "ranch" dressing??
second, why wont you list your wedge salad under salads, but under starters? it didn't make sense...
the bacon tasted a little burnt, i couldn't even taste the bruschetta tomatoes...

The whole place looks disoriented, a couple looking for a "waiter", another person asking for ranch at the counter, people didn't know where to order, etc.
and the place is a little loud, the decor is nice, open modern, but that is it....
I live in the area and drive by all the time.  I had wanted to try it for a few weeks.  I went today with my daughter who was in town visiting.  She was not that impressed and I must say that I expected much more.  It was a cute vibe and certainly has a style that is inviting.  I got in the wrong ordering lane and was re-directed right away by a hostess type person.  I don't like making decisions at a new place while waiting in a long line and then feeling rushed when its my turn.  I will do better next time!  Yes, I would go back.  The food was nice, but I wasn't blown away.  I got the hamburger and my daughter got a tuna sandwich.  I think I will try some of the other items on the menu as I really think it looks like there are some good items to try.  Also, they make everything to order and special dietary concerns.  Nice!!!  Another issue with the place is the parking.  There is a side lot, but whenever I'm in this lot, there is usually a semi or a delivery truck blocking the back and it causes a major traffic jam.  There was a line of cars trying to find a spot and there were none.  They have to figure it out because everything in this little strip is popular and everyone is looking for a spot.  (Dunkin Donuts, Firehouse Subs, Nail salon, and Edible Arrangements).  Full Service is in the evening and daytime is self serve.  There were lots of young children in the restaurant while I was there, but that was not a problem at all.  I've now been back about five times and have one additional comment. The service is bad. Drink refills, condiments, and basic service is MIA. If you need something, ask a bus boy. They hustle and will help you. The servers haven't learned basic skills of how to take care of their tables.
I really wanted to like this place since it's in our neighborhood, but we've now been there for both brunch & dinner and were disappointed both times. The atmosphere is so cute and the patio set up is great. However the food is terrible. We were with a party of 5 for dinner, and all of us thought our food was just blah. Then my husband & I went for brunch, and both did not like our meals then either. I hope they improve their food! I really want to like this place.
We had a steak panini and the grill chicken panini, nothing special. Just a regular panini. 

The place looks really good, would be a nice to sit outside and have a beer. But not my style of food.
I had such high hopes.  The patio is fantastic.  The interior is gorgeous and hip and to the other extreme the food is so boring and tasteless.  My pizza (I posted a pic) prosciutto arugula, the crust was bland and looked parbaked.  Table was dirty.  Staff appeared to be annoyed by patrons.  We ordered cheesecake and was told it comes with a cranberry sauce on top.  In actuality it's blueberries.  Also the dessert took between 15-20 minutes for it to arrive...  For cheesecake.  Huh?  I think it was defrosting.  Who knows.  I don't have any plans returning for lunch or dinner.  Maybe the breakfast would be a better choice.  We shall see....
I have no idea what people are talking about... So far the past two times I have eaten here, it's been great! The employees here are always so kind. I received me food in a timely fashion, less then 15 minutes, and it tasted spectacular! I've had the Shrooms Burger and Margarita Pizza so far and highly recommend it. I also love ordering their tropical green tea. Thank you Modern Grove, I'll be back.
I won't be going back. I've been there twice now for dinner. The first time we had to wait for chairs to be found for an available table outside. I wanted that table because it was the furthest from the speakers. The music is LOUD! The second time we sat inside and we had to lean so far forward to hear each other. 

Service there leaves something to be desired. When we first entered the restaurant  there were 3 young ladies at the hostess stand, 2 with their backs to us. No one looked as we arrived or greeted us. I had to get their attention to be seated.

 Both times we had to wait for silverware and flag down our waitress for our check and once because our order was wrong. No one came by to ask how we were doing. I watched as someone at two other tables got up to find out where their food was. It looked like our waitress had tables all over the place both inside and out. The only person smiling was a very confused bartender unsure how to make a drink, but was laughing about it. 

We ordered salads and it took over 20 minutes to get our food. We asked for a mixed French fry order to go and did not get it. AGAIN we had to flag down a waitress. She brought us the wrong french fries. And when we brought that to her attention not a word was said.  She just picked up the bag and walked away. About 10 minutes later she came back with the other type of fries thrown into the bag on top of the other ones and they were burnt. 
We brought this to the attention of the manager since I am a business owner and would like to know when something wasn't right. He also did not say a word.

The food otherwise was ok. Not worth the other inconveniences.
Ok,  I hate to pile on to this place.  It has SOOO MUCH potential and the whole area wants them to succeed!  The restaurant itself is really nice inside and out and the concept seems like it would be a lot of fun but.... It's not.  

The service is slow and seems confused.  They food is well.. just blah.  I have been there twice and it is the only time in years of eating out that I have felt the need to add salt and pepper to my dishes, BOTH TIMES!  There are way too many really good places to eat just minutes from this restaurant for about the same price.  Also, what is with the truck Trailer(s) in your parking lot.  It's not a big lot in the first place.  

Ok so enough bashing.  You have a great concept and a great looking restaurant.  Figure out your kitchen so food comes out timely.  Tweek your recipes so the food had a lot more flavor.  (We put up with "True Food" portion sizes only because the food is pact with flavor.) Organize your servers and wait staff so it is more efficient and organized (you may think it's organized but it doesn't seem like it or look like it.) Finally, if you want it to be a neighborhood hang give us a GREAT Happy Hour! Good drink and appetizer specials and a cheap kick-butt Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's on the weekends.  I really hope you guys get it together because you could be a lot of fun!

Oh and fix your water in the bathroom hot is always on the left!
Ok if you want a quick, inexpensive meal and are ok with bad service.  On multiple occasions I ordered a salad which took almost 30 minutes (the wedge).  On 2 occasions they "lost the ticket" on the food and didn't take the initiative to consider it belonged to a table.  What do you expect when you're being served by high school students and 19 yr olds serving beer?  I'd rather pay more for good service.

I've been here about a dozen times at all times of the day .. Service has been bad every single time.  The wifi doesn't work, and has never worked, and the waiters and bartenders have no customer service skills.  I honestly don't know why I keep coming back other than it's close to my house.
First time to visit this new restaurant in my neighborhood.  I arrived about 820 a.m. on a Friday and noticed right away how attractive the restaurant is. High ceiling; Walls of windows/doors (open to morning's cool breeze); Nice bar area; and Music (although a little too loud). 

Ordering is done at the counter and menus are displayed on walls; easy to read. There were two women ordering and one gentleman ahead of me.  It took more than five minutes for me to order. The woman at the counter was very pleasant and I ordered the breakfast burrito. When the food arrived, it was tasty and I requested additional salsa which they provided. I thought the wait time was a bit longer than I expected (more than 6 minutes - for a breakfast burrito)

Seats are very uncomfortable (small, metal) but the open air concept is nice. 

I will be back with friends for dinner (I'm sure it'll be leisurely...) and I do hope the management reads these reviews and takes action. As a small business owner, I want to support local, neighborhood places. It's an attractive place and the menu appears tasty.  

(What's with the semi trucks in the parking lot running their generators - huh?)
Cool restaurant great neighborhood concept but the food is so bland. Store bought chips for the dips. Kids Mac and cheese is gritty and flavorless. Chicken in salad is over cooked and not seasoned. Heaping pile of raw arugula on my pizza. Salt is great resource. Thanks but no thanks not again
My husband and I were excited when Modern Grove opened, we live near by. We've been there 3 times. # 1 beers are NOT cold. #2 service is slow and often have to look for your server #3 wait time for food seems a little too long. We have always been able to get a seat without having to wait. We have been disappointed with them. We will not go back until we have heard better reviews.  I  hope the management  looks at these reviews and attempts to make changes.
Great Breakfast this morning Eggs Beacon and Hash browns  done just right! Thanks to the cook grilling to order.
Food is good. 

Problem - we are here at 8pm and the interior is lit up like an operating room. Want a glass of wine and relaxation - why do we need 450 watt lights?? 

Seats are uncomfortable.
This place has so much potential but falls flat. I ordered a chicken panini and had one bite. The chicken was dry and the panini bread was horrible. The only thing I ate off my plate was the fruit. I ordered a mimosa and basically got an oj with a splash of champagne. 
The staff seems confused about everything and are all running in a million directions.
Aaaaand the hat stand in the bathroom looks ridiculous.
Positive and negatives to this new place:
Positives: fun, clean, friendly service, and good prices.
Negatives: uncomfortable seats, chef has a heavy hand with the salt (specifically the Mac and cheese balls/french fries), bacon is TOO smokey whoa, and the potato salad came as a surprise when it was made with sweet potatoes and really tasted and had the same consistency as baby food.
***Only reason for the second star is due to the decor, this place is SO cute.

Sunday night, the man and I wanted a small bite to eat and have seen some check-in's here so we decide to check it out. Menu online looks great, a few things right up my ally that I would like to try! (Including fresh mozzarella, I'm obsessed with it)

The evening started with "What do you want to drink?" We order two beers and are followed by "we're out of that..." Needless to say, not a great start. We decided on mac and cheese bites and a wedge salad for our starters. 20+ minutes go by, and our mac and cheese bites arrive, no wedge in site! Another 5-10 minutes rolls around, low and behold, the wedge finally arrives.

I am a big salad fan. In all my years of eating out and watching the food network, I have never once seen a wedge salad COVERED with ranch AND a balsamic glaze. This is a big "culinary faux pas" in my opinion... I ordered a chicken panini and my boyfriend decides on a roast panini...

Sandwiches arrive about 2 mins later, right after our apps were set down, and I can't even begin to explain how bad these things were. I'm talking cardboard bread, bagged/dry/bland chicken with maybe one speck of fresh mozz and a teeeeny bit of the pesto sauce. The roast sandwich comes with about 2 well done+++++ pieces of steak and a few onions. Fries were over salty, and the potato salad my boyfriend order (which was supposed to be pasta salad, but we figured we would deal) was like a tasteless lump of "stuff"... Service is big for me, seeing as we both work in the restaurant industry, I've never seen such a young, immature staff... High schoolers serving you, eating food at the table in the corner in plain site. As we were leaving, we even saw the teenage manager walk out to text on his cell phone.

This was a pretty big bummer, I had high hopes for this place, and made the drive from Tempe to try it out. Like I said before, great decor, and has a great potential to succeed, but they need a serious staff AND menu wake up call... We unfortunately will not be back. :(
I hate to bash a place that I want to succeed, but after 3 visits this will be my last.   All three times my wife and I visited we never received our appetizers.  The first time we chalked it up as a new spot, but the next 2 times we chalked it up as just bad service and a confused staff.   We also received our dinner plates separately which is just ridiculous.   I see from other reviews we aren't the only ones experiencing the poor service.  I hope it changes as I like the location and feel of the place, but can't recommend at this time.
I wanted to really like this place. My friend took me out to lunch here yesterday and upon first look it's a really cute looking spot. I like the open concept and there is and cute outdoor grass area you can bring your dog to. As far as the food goes it was pretty mediocre for the price. We had the hummus starter and two paninis. The hummus was pretty good but both paninis were very dry and not full of flavor. I would probably give this place another try in the future if I was in the area.
Went there for my birthday and had a great time.  Our server was friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. We started with a bruschetta board that was amazing. For dinner a friend and I split a chicken panini and chopped salad.  The salad was terrific but the sandwich was just ok.  We played a couple of games of cornhole and just had a fun evening.
This place has a really great atmosphere. It's perfect for dinner bc the food is delicious and reasonably priced. Their customer service is amazing and everyone is so nice and friendly. Definitely coming back here
If you like waiting for absurd amounts of time for gross food this is your place. We came here with our baby and waited a total of an hour and 15 minutes to not receive our appetizer or my meal. The beers were good and waiter was nice. They brought us out the Mac and cheese bites as an apology for our wait and they were extremely bland AND there was no salt in sight. The horror!!!Our appetizer (which was caprese and should have been fast to make) never came. My husband's sandwich was okay and came at 45 minutes. While I waited... We finally gave up and they brought us our bill. I complained and the manager comped our meal and brought me the bruschetta to take home in the 9th hour. It was dry, small, unappetizing and I threw it away after picking at it. 

Recommendation to management- make better food and deliver on time. Your menu is original, ambiance and concept is good and the neighborhood needs your type of restaurant. Go to the vig, le grande orange, and Postinos- take notes and copy their recipes.
Gave the new place a try last night with my husband and we were not overly impressed. 

Negatives: Like many other reviews, the seating was uncomfortable. My husband's hamburger patty was super thin. You could barely see it under all the lettuce and bun. Mac-n-Cheese balls were bland. 

Positives: The staff was friendly, atmosphere was inviting and our food came out quick considering the place was packed. 

Because this place is new, I'm willing to give it a second chance. I'd like to try the panini or breakfast.
The place is really cute and has a really nice outdoor area to include a bar. Went for lunch and sat outside on the artificial turf.  The lights strung up outside I'm sure will provide great atmosphere at night. The food was good, but noting spectacular. I had a garden salad and the other people in my group had a chicken panini sandwich in which the chicken was dry and a strawberry salad where the strawberries were mushy. I could look past all of that, but the thing that got me is how slooooowwww the service is. We ordered fairly quickly and the it took forever for the food to come out. I hope that they get it figured out and pick up the pace because this place has potential, especially in a neighborhood that lacks these cute, trendy places.
Just tried the new little cafe. Reminds me of a cross between LGO and Postino-just not as good. It's nice though to have an option like that close by instead of driving to Arcadia. We will definitely go back.
I'm happy to have a cute place like this to enjoy happy hour in North Phoenix. The happy hour prices are extremely reasonable, especially if you're wanting to drown out the memories of your work day with 32-ounces of beer. The bruschetta was tasty, but the pieces were so teeny. The Mac n Cheese balls were crunchy and creamy, but you definitely need the dipping sauce with them, they don't stand alone well. The basic chips and salsa was satisfying, the salsa being sweet. 
I love the outdoor space with the fake grass, it's fun to sit and enjoy the outdoor area. The service is slow and mostly inattentive, but friendly. Not sure if that is because of the actual servers or because the place is new.
Overall - it's a trendy and causal atmosphere to enjoy a cheap happy hour, nothing gourmet or revolutionary about it.
Great service! And great food! Michelle and Rachael behind the bar made our experience even better! The food was outstanding! Love this place! They have a great wrap around  patio perfect to bring your pet!! Fireplace. Outdoor & indoor bar seating! A must try!
cute neighborhood place BUT we were handed a happy hour menu (Friday 4pm) and ordered several items from it... all great BUT when bill came and i noted the difference she said "this is Monday thru Thursday"..... ummmmm why is hostess handing me a hh menu???? watch out!
Went there last week not expecting much as my husband's been there twice and was very disappointed in the quality of the food. The ambience is very modern and cute but I agree with him the food was not good. I had the grilled chicken panini with sweet potato fries. The chicken was terribly dry, there was hardly any sauce and lots of red onions. I could only eat a quarter of it. The sweet potato fries were ok. My friend ordered the steak sandwich which she also said was terrible. I don't plan on coming back here again. Service was pretty good but the food was just abysmal.
Just found this place!  Open air, great sandwiches, good drink prices, and DOG FRIENDLY.   Love it so far
Modern grove is a local restaurant tocated at Tatum and Greenway. This place specializes in home grown , organic local choices ranging from pizza to salads. One of my favorites is the turkey burger. Its served with your choices of vegetables ; but what's best is that its extremely juicy. Great selection of beer and wines too.
OMG, this is my new favorite place! It was so nice to get a modern, fun, great food restaurant in the neighborhood. My husband and I love going for lunch and happy hour. The atmosphere is so cute and the $5.99 pizzas on Tuesday is such a fun idea. We continue to bring our friends and come back!

A couple of items we love are the bruschetta boards and the margarita pizza! I definitely recommend it!!!
We came in for a late night meal. This place is awesome the food was good. The service was very fast. We even got some free pastries for being the last customer. Normally the waiters and the staff hate the end of day people but they are great!
Great Cubano Panino -Paninis hot seasoned fries Yummy busy place 70 people dining in tonight at 7 pm Great  Bartender -Tyler stays on top of your order.
Ok. Recap two months later. My wife and I revisited. Service and employee attitudes have greatly improved. We will come back.
Blech.  I was really hoping to enjoy this place since Its so close to home.  The interior is very clean and fresh looking and the employees seemed nice enough.  The food however was abysmal.

I got a chicken caesar salad and a cubano panini.  Whatever chicken they used in the caesar sincerely made me sick to my stomach.  It was borderline rancid.  I would have preferred one of those ready kit salads you can buy at a grocery store.   The cubano panini was basically just mustard with slivers of meat on panini bread.  That's all it tasted like, mustard bread.  

If it weren't for the rancid chicken in the salad I would chalk it off to maybe a poor choice in sandwich and forgo the salad if I were to give it another shot.  Its highly unlikely though.
This was my second trip in and I was hoping for better.  I had the cubano panini and could barely eat it.  First off when it arrived it looked sloppy...you know the bread didn't line up ..like it was thrown together.  It was heavy on the mustard and pickles.  So much that I couldn't taste anything else.  I don't think the bread was very fresh either.  It just didn't have that grilled, spongey panini goodness.  I should have skipped the sweet potato fries.  They were soggy and limp.  My husband had the regular fries and they were much better.  But his turkey and cheddar panini also left him disappointed.  The atmosphere for dinner was very noisy.  We were stuffed onto a bench next to a couple having words.  But it was just too noisy for them to argue effectively.  I think Modern Grove has potential but they need to start watching what comes out of the kitchen.
I decided to give it one more try to see if Modern Grove could redeem themselves.  Unfortunately, they did not.  My wife and I waited, and waited, and waited for about 15 minutes.  We thought they should come to our table very soon.  Another group came in, was seated, had their drinks and we were still waiting.  We finally got up to leave and the waiter came over and said hi.  I told him we were leaving as we had been here too long.  He could care less as he just walked off without any apology or explanation.  I would give this place a minus 5 if I could.  I will not waste my money at this place as this time was worst than the last.  I do not remember ever going somewhere to eat and not being served at all.  Worst service of all time.
This place is ok for happy hour.  Both of the bartenders were very nice and helpful.  I looked at their happy hour menu online ( I always do some research before I go to a new place) and saw that the prices for wine was $3.99 a glass from 3-6pm.  I even called the location to verify that the online prices were up to date.   I was told that they were and I went to meet a friend after work.  When we got there, the happy hour prices were VERY different.  The prices were $5-$9 a glass.  I asked the bartender about it and he said that their prices have gone up.   Not his fault- but definitely not what I was told over the phone.
So whatever, I ordered a beer and it was good.  My friend ordered the Pinot Grigio and it was pretty terrible.     The malbec  wine she had next was better.  The bruchetta was good.  We mixed 3 different kinds.  We also ordered a margherita pizza which I liked ($5.99 happy hour  $10.99 reg price) but if I had paid $11 bucks, I might not have.   The seats are all metal and after sitting for an hour ,my rump was sore.  Annoying, after a long day at work and all you want to do is relax and be comfortable.  The bathrooms are unisex, which I did not know so I kinda freaked out when I walked into the bathroom and saw a urinal.  I ran back out and double checked that I was in the right place....

I want to give this place 3 stars but I can't justify it.  2 stars for employees being super nice and attentive.
First try at this restaurant and deeply disappointed.  The restaurant is vey cool, relaxed and our server was very nice.  However, it was possibly the worst Panini I have ever eaten.  My friend and I ordered the 4_cheese.  Bread was unusually stale, cardboard-tasting and there was hardy any cheese.  Not a single grill mark....just boring, hard bread.  The couple who joined us were very disappointed in their chicken Panini .  Same stale, hard bread and process-tasting chicken.  We need a great restaurant in the area, so the place needs to fix their food quality or I can't see any reason for any one to return.  So if the management is reading this, listen up...we WANT you to succeed!
Great fresh food. In the evenings it turns into more of a waiter serviced style restaurant. In the afternoons you order at the register.
Very average food. No selection of veggies for salad. The chicken had a funky taste from refrigerating after cooking. Not impressed and won't be returning unfortunately.
Like everyone else, I WANTED to love this place. However I experienced the same issues everyone else did - long waits for food, weird and slow service (they put in my husbands order - he asked for no onions, came out and told us the onions were premixed so he ordered something else, then came back out and said we changed it back to the first item because we were wrong about the onions), and mediocre food. I loved the atmosphere and the decor. 

Luckily, after reading a few reviews, I knew we might be in for a wait, so we came prepared to keep our kids occupied. I will most likely go back in a couple of months and hope that they heed all of these Yelp reviews. If they are able to improve the food quality and the wait/service issues, then this will turn into a 5 start place for sure!
The first impression I had when we walked in was, "Wow, it's loud in here." It reminded me of a cafeteria. They sat the two of us at a tiny round table that had very little room. They had an unlit candle, a tall table number, a flower, and a bottle of water taking up the space (not to mention our water glasses, silverware, and menus). We got prompt service and I ordered a beer (which they didn't have, so I ordered a different one).

We ordered the bruschetta board and when it came the server looked at us, then at the tiny table, and at us again with a puzzled look. We tried to make room for this huge board she had in her hands. We told her she would need one of the two pizza racks in her other hand. She got it figured out and we made a comment about the tiny table. She then offered us tiny plates, we said no because there wasn't any room. We put the flower, candle, and number on the floor just to make room. The bruschetta was average. The best one was the salami pesto.

We ordered our food. My wife had the strawberry chicken salad and I had the bacon cheddar burger. There was nothing exciting about the salad. We asked about the chicken because it had a weird taste. Not a taste like it was bad, but like it was prepackaged and came out of a bag. We got the run around for a while and ended up getting a very vague response that didn't answer our question. The burger had all the flavor and excitement of a frozen "hockey puck" paddy. The fries were good, but I learned later that I could have gotten sweet potato fries but wasn't given the option.

On our way out, we went over to the market area and I watched the kitchen for a bit. What I saw here is the reason I will not go back. The kitchen was a hot mess. The floor was littered with trampled food. The cook was disheveled and did not look professional at all. He was wearing a pair of gloves, but I don't think he understands what the gloves are supposed to do. I watched him prepare a salad (including breaking cheese apart with his hands). Then bend down and open a drawer to get something else out. He grabbed the spatula and flipped a burger. He also grabbed a disgusting looking lid that was covering some vegetables, scooped up the vegetables with his hands, and then put them on someone's plate. He did all this with the same pair of gloves on. The gloves should be used for sanitary purposes, not to keep his hands clean. I never saw him change the gloves or clean his hands.

Overall, we were rather disappointed. Other than the decor, this place was nothing special. We could have stayed home, made the same meal for cheaper, and eaten at a real table.
Modern Grove has all the makings of a great restaurant. It really reminded me of one of Sam Fox's restaurants, like True Food or something. So adorable inside and out. But that just did not make up for the poor quality food. The bruschetta was pretty good, we got the tomato, pesto and salami, and roasted peppers and goat cheese. I liked the latter 2, but the tomato was...meh. I ordered the strawberry chicken salad and there was absolutely nothing special or unique about it. Like other readers, I found the chicken to taste weird. I asked the server where it was cooked (suspected it was a fully cooked frozen patty when they purchased it), and after avoiding me for about 10 mins, I asked again, and she said her cook was on break and she'd have the answer soon. Answer was that they overnight the chicken, and she overemphasized that they keep it in the refrigerator until they use it, or they freeze it before it goes bad. Well whoop de do! Good for you, MG! You refrigerate your meat!! Anyway, things were just not good, and it seems like they cut corners in a lot of places by buying pre-made food items and not really cooking anything from scratch. My husband got the BBQ cheddar burger and the bun was huge but the burger patty was itty bitty. Just because you have a huge bun doesn't fool me on the actual burger size!  Although the fries were tasty :). So overall very disappointed. Don't let Modern Grove fool you into thinking they are fresh or healthy.
OK went back to grab a pastry
In brief, took forever to get served at the counter and the cherry croissant was raw dough in the middle, threw it away.
Would have asked for a refund but was miles away already when I bit into it
UGH

Do not waste your money here...
I've been back several more times. Sad to say that they haven't gotten the service issues fixed. You just need to go and realize that you have to accept what they bring and how they serve it. Condiments that you want and service are just not going to happen. Example: breakfast toast served with no butter or jelly. Server disappears and doesn't return until you beg to get the check.  Asked for salsa with the eggs and also didn't get that. The food was ok but when you pay for a meal out, people tend to want the things that they expected. I agree with others that the tables are too small (chairs too). LOUD most of the time unless you sit outside.
Amazing breakfast!!! The blueberry cheesecake cookie was delicious treat. Owner is so friendly and staff is accommodating! Definitely coming back to try more of their menu!
Been wanting to try this new place and finally got my chance tonight.  We've driven by numerous times since they opened last spring but the crowds always kept us away.  Monday night was quiet and easy to get in.  Unfortunately we just missed Happy Hour (3-6pm) but looks like they have a nice offering with a reduction of price on many tempting appetizers & drinks.  I saw some mighty tasty looking appetizers passing by and I look forward to trying the bruschetta board on a future visit.

We both had sandwiches - I tried the Capri with mozzarella, prosciutto, pesto & roasted peppers on thick sliced honey wheat bread.  There was an insane amount of prosciutto and half a sandwich was more than enough for me.  He had the turkey & cheddar Panini and French fries, neatly consumed and thoroughly enjoyed.  

I liked the atmosphere of this place, kind of hipster but relaxed & comfortable.  In cooler weather it would be nice to dine on their ample patio.  I appreciated the bottle of chilled water promptly delivered when we sat down.  We did not find noise to be a problem here and the server was excellent, all the way from the friendly hostess to our very efficient waiter.    

I noticed quite a few takeout orders being placed and/or picked up.  On Tuesdays they offer $5.99 dinner-plate sized pizza w/ purchase of a beverage.  Yup, I'm already looking at my calendar and planning my return visit.
Buffalo chicken was excellent!  Taco was great and the kids had the mammas. Outside seating was perfect on such a nice day.
We went here for a dinner celebrating our Twin girls birthday.  It was a very nice space, setup similar to a Noodles and Company.  The specialty is mac n' cheese and they have many variations.  

The food was delicious, without a doubt.

The windows were really bright though and we found ourselves sweating from the setting sun pouring into the west facing windows.  The manager told us shades were on the way.

Highly Recommended and we will visit again.
Great lunch spot near Costco and target.  We tried the buffalo chicken as well as momma's Mac & cheese,  both were very good.  Open and airy location and they bring your meals to you if you are dining in.

We will return to try more things including the four cheese melt which I'm told is excellent.
First time I stopped I got it to go.  I opened it as soon as I got to my car and it was Luke warm.  Tasmte wise it was good but I like my macNcheese warmer.  The second time here I had the Popeye with spinach, mushroom and onion.  We ate at a table and everything was piping hot.  Husband had the buffalo chicken and loved it.  He isn't a Mac and cheese type of guy but he said he would ce back.  Three kids had the regular child's Mac and cheese with hi milk, chips and apple slices.  Everyone cleaned their plate except my husband who ordered the papa size Mac and cheese.
Tried this restaurant for the first time tonight. For some reason, we thought it would be similar to Noodles & Company. Our food was okay but it seemed overpriced for the portion size. Probably won't go back.