Unfortunately, this is my regular grocery store. It's kinda dirty. It's kinda ghetto. But it makes up for this in two ways:

1.) There are always parking spots close to the entrance, even when it's super busy. It's like magic.

2.) BUFFEST GROCERY STORE SECURITY GUARD -EVER-. I have to check myself and make sure I'm not entranced by the muscles before walking into oncoming traffic. Kudos, man. It's like you've got a pair of toddlers clinging to your upper arms.
This place is old school.  That's good, because it doesn't make me want to spend more money than I have to.  It reminds me of the A&P store I worked at 26 years ago.  

The deli has a good selection of meats and cheeses, sliced to order, and the service in the deli was very friendly (Christine ?maybe??).

The lines are ridiculous.  I only shopped here twice and both times the wait was just stupid.  The second time was particularly annoying because I was buying one item and the self-serve checkout wasn't accepting my card (for $1.50), and so I had to go to the regular cashier.  They had NO express lanes, so I had to get behind people doing their shop for the week.  And the few lanes they had open each had at least 4 people in them.  Very frustrating.  Glad I don't have to shop here again.
This is by far the worst frys I have ever been in. I am a pretty dedicated frys shopper, however, this frys is gross and dirty. The checkout lines are always out of control long and getting through the parking lot without getting hit by a car or cart rolling by, is a miracle. Though it is my "home" frys I will drive 4 miles out of my way to go to a different one.
What can I say other than it's close to my house and they have some essentials I need.  

The store is ghetto and the meat/seafood counter selection is just as bad.  

The deli is the saving grace here as they have a huge boars head selection sliced to order and great cheese.

The checkout lines are always a wait.
They close all the checkout lanes every night around 10pm and force everyone to use self-checkout. Some people aren't really bright enough to use these and the lines get very long. The place is dirty and the Target in the same shopping center is a much better choice, and Target has grocery now.
I read all the bad reviews (after I was already in the store) but I actually had a good experience here so I'm not going to dog it with one or two stars.

I was in town for the weekend (Thursday through Monday) staying at the Camelback Inn which has both refrigerators and microwaves in every room.  My brother and I came to this Fry's to stock up on groceries.  I bought three types of berries strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries,  and they were all fresh and stayed fresh all weekend.  They had a good selection of both cheeses and crackers, too, and carried really yummy flavors of Greek Yogurt.

The prices were all affordable, the store was reasonably clean, and the lines were not bad at all.  This store didn't do anything to wow me, but it was perfectly adequate for what I needed.  I don't remember anything skechy about my fellow shoppers or the parking lot.   Maybe I went on a good day?
This Fry's on Thomas has recently undergone a makeover, similar to the Fry's on 61 Street and Thomas. It's a big improvement, thank goodness. Now they need new, plastic shopping carts that don't squeak and restrooms that don't creep me out. Seat covers would be a start, pick up all the toilet paper from the floors...and wash all of the germs off everywhere!!  

There's a cute little Starbuck's inside to the right and a seating area with free wi-fi.

I always stop by the olive bar on my way to the deli 'cuz I love green olives.

The checkout lines are too long for my taste. Frequently there is only one cashier open that isn't for express checkout. Last time I shopped I chose to do the self-checkout rather than wait in the long line. I had way too many items to warrant self- check out, though and probably won't put myself through that ordeal.
Yelp keeps bugging me to write this review, so here goes....

This Fry's has recently undergone an extensive and well needed remodel. It looks much cleaner than it used to, but it's still a rather shady place to shop. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting! I told customer service and they said they would send someone. I have no clue whether or not they ever sent anyone to clean the bathroom, but I sure hope so!

On my last trip there, some guy was walking around the parking lot begging for spare change so he could eat. I gave him the three quarters I had in my middle console. He thanked me, walked away and returned to my car window a few seconds later. Just as I was thinking he was greedy and back for more change, he knocked on my window with a bluetooth in his hand. It was mine! I had dropped it out of my purse when I was putting groceries away. I thanked him and immediately thought about my guardian angel. There was a reason that guy was in the parking lot.

I had a difficult time finding things because they have moved products around in the remodel. I walked up and down the aisles twice looking for popcorn and finally found it. The checkout lines were long, but the store was packed so that was to be expected.  Luckily there were many cashiers available and several self-check out registers.
People always judge me because I go to the "ghetto" Fry's but seriously they do a great job.  Everyone is always so helpful and courteous to me and since the remodel the store has done a 180.  They have also increased their food selection since the remodel which is great.

The part I love best about this store are the cashiers!  Always friendly and talkative and they are definitely characters!  It is refreshing to have someone talk to you as a person instead of just reading your name off VIP card receipt.
Okay, I've been back more than once and while I can't say I've fallen in love, I've certainly developed a little crush on the Fry's Food Store.  I visit Phoenix once every year and stay at a local hotel that has a microwave and refrigerator in every room.  I choose this Fry's to stock up on healthy food, both meals and snacks, while I'm here.  

The produce is fresh and colorful, there is a wide variety of it available and it is attractively displayed.

I stocked up on meat, cheese, soup, microwave meals, I was all over the store and every aisle was clean and well stocked with everything I needed to sooth all my hunger cravings.

I'm upgrading this store's rating to four stars and I believe they have earned it.
Over the past couple of years, I've become very passionate for cooking at home. When I'm not eating out, I'm looking up a recipe on Epicurious, Chow or Food.com for a recipe that pushes my boundaries as cook. Lately, I've been working to perfect my ability to braise pork and beef. It is therefore very important to me to find the ingredients I want, since I'm working to pin down my techniques before I feel more comfortable experimenting with ingredients and flavors.

This particular Fry's is my go-to grocery store.  I shop here for my daily necessities and usually start here when I'm looking to cook something up from a recipe. Unfortunately, as I start to diversify my cooking ability, it has become more and more difficult to find what I need. I understand that Fry's isn't really the spot for finding unique grocery items like baby artichokes, but it definitely has become frustrating that I end up spending 30 minutes looking around for what I need without someone in sight to assist, only to give up or find out that it is not stocked. It's a bit too after-the-fact for them to ask upon checkout, "Did you find everything alright?"

In the recent past, I've started my shopping at Fry's and then worked my way over to other grocery stores for the other items. I've shopped for my other items at Sprouts, Whole Foods and AJ's. If cooking something extravagant, I may need to shop exclusively at one of those instead of splitting my time between Fry's and one of the others. 

Selection aside, you really cannot beat Fry's on price for a lot of their standard grocery items, especially meat and produce. Walmart and Target sometimes offers cheaper prices for canned, bottled and boxed products. I'm not a huge consumer of those, so I'll continue shopping at Fry's for my day-to-day items.
The fruit is horrible there but all the rest isn't the best but it's better. The only thing I like is the squash.
Honestly, after moving to Phoenix and reading the reviews on here I was surprised when I went to the store, it was actually clean the employees were nice to me if I needed help, mind you the "customers" are a different story, I haven't been there at night and usually since my condo is near the ghetto my first thought is not to go grocery shopping at 8 pm, I feel this place should have the 4 stars because for a "ghetto" store area it's really nice ( but I have seen way worse areas then this so to me in the daylight this isn't very ghetto)
I only shop here because of their fuel perks with Shell Gas Stations.  This location is okay, by far the best in this neighborhood.  After dusk, there will be a security guard post here, not really sure why.  They have good alcohol beverages selections.  Food was okay, fruits and veggies are fresh.  Lots of dairy selections too.
I went to this Fry's on Friday the 1/24/14 and I was there to pick up 2 veggie trays for a party at work. I picked up 2 veggie trays and fruit juice poured out all over my slacks and I was upset. I asked to speak to a manager. Now remember I said veggie tray not fruit tray, so when I explained this to a manager who finally arrived he said he was not sure why that happened and was going to find out what and how it happened. So in the mean time Jerry Cruz the manager wanted to know what he could do for me, and I suggested he pay my cleaning bill but instead he offered to purchase the different trays I decided to buy. Thank you Jerry for making it right for me.
This place is the dive bar of grocery stores. Congrats Fry's! You popped my 1-star cherry.

It is only due to my current boycott of Target that I brought my business to the Fry's next door. This decision was based on principal, but I have to say I have missed Target.  

When I walk through the front doors I just feel miserable. The 'energy-saving' automatic lights make me seize. The narrow aisles make me claustrophobic. The overall dinginess consumes me. I'm suddenly overwhelmed with an anxious feeling similar to when I brought a bad report card back to my parents. Or when I had to confront an ex-gf's parents about why the Pennsylvania State Troopers were calling them at 4am. 

My pace quickens. My pupils dilate. The lump in my throat expands. I try to gasp for air, but the weight on my chest suffocates me. I feel lethal; on the verge of frenzy. My mask of sanity is about to slip. Sweat beads down my back. My aggressiveness becomes visible. The curmudgeon at the self-checkout grunts at me. Darkness comes over me...

I reemerge 36 hours later with no semblance of reality. Fry's is a catalyst of my psychosis.
This is a super classy Fry's! They have a Starbucks, nice floors and lighting, and a natural foods sections, which I love! Healthy and organic shopping is becoming a lot easier to do at Fry's. Great deals and savings on milk!
This Fry's is just around the corner from my home. Unless I'm taking my husband's grandma shopping (who also lives right around the corner) here, I avoid this place at all possible! I much rather drive a couple miles to another Fry's. What really turns me off is the clientele and it just feels... dirty.
A great store. The prices are reasonable. The employees are efficient and helpful.
Im not sure what store Ana S (below me) was shopping at but this store does not have a Starbucks and is not deserving of anything more than 2 stars...and the 2nd star is mainly due to its location to where i live. I have pulled up and seen homeless guys sleeping towards the east end of the building. More than once i have been approached in the parking lot for spare change. The security guards i have seen look  like they just were dropped off the short bus. Now lets go inside! It seems as though this store is not as well stocked as the two stores closest to it. The deli staff is either retarded or trained to be rude and stupid. The whole feel of the store is "dont touch that it looks sticky". If i need something quick it is the obvious choice....otherwise i drive the extra couple of miles to go to the one on Camelback and the 51.
First off FRYS you need to treat your employees much better especially the employee I seen that was being talk down to because of his age. Let me paint you a picture of what I seen and heard. I went there and was behind an elderly gentleman carrying his little bag with his lunch he was limping and had on a Frys apron. He went to the front manager and asked him if there was a department he could work that day because he was just not feeling to good. It appeared he was just asking for that day. The front end manger replied, "I am not sure I don't know if you know how to do anything else. I just need you to pick up the speed where you are know before I consider anything else. I know I was nosing in his business but it was very heart breaking and degrading at the same time. Let me tell you something Mr, Front end Manager this elderly man is probably the last few of his kind that knows how to work and I am sure worked his tail off. Do NOT ever talk to that generation with anything but respect and kind  assistance where you can offer it. That is if he even allows you because that generation never looked for handout and that is why this gentleman is still working and packing his little lunch to show up for work and not call in like many would or I am just assuming with your company maybe that will be your excuse to let him go. So after listening to this and no it was not my business but I am sure half the things anyone witness in public is not anyone's business but we still slow down to see the wreck. So I proceeded to get my $325.00 of groceries at your place when I should have walked right out and drove down the road. I went isle to isle and as I neared the front another female front end was barking out orders to the checkers yelling right in my ear. Yes, I looked at her and gave her one of my signature looks (Are you serious what is wrong with you) type of look and she continued to degrade the front end employees. However it must not have had an effect on these two clowns that checked me out. Because they were laughing at other people with disabilities and bagging my groceries like they were tossing rocks in a pile. Now let me gentle remind you FRYS without your customers you are nobody and word of mouth travels so fast and as you know all the advertising on billboards cannot compare for a bad experience and a woman that will make it her job to inform the abuse this elderly man took on this day. I was never going to step foot in this store but that is wrong to complain -and not do something. So every week about 2 times I make it a point to check to see if this gentleman still works there and that he may be treated a little more kinder. SHAME ON YOU! for allowing these putz kids to act like idiots and the little feeble elderly man that apparently needs the job and comes to work to make the best out of it is treated with such degrading words and gestures. I wanted to reach in my purse and give him his wage for the day and whip on his apron and show your little store what compassion really means. But I figure this is a generation with great pride and it would do nothing more than make him feel worse. Mark my words! If I ever have your front end manager yell in my ear as I pass by or witness your employees show this man any disrespect you will hear my opinion yell right back and you know those people who holds signs and marches in front of your store well there is a truck full of worker down by Home depot that I can get together that you will see my opinion loud and clear.
This is a nice Fry's location with a big deli, bakery, and cheese section. It has more options than the other Fry's on Thomas that I frequently visit. An example of this would be that they carry Yogi Kava Stress Tea, which I love, the other Fry's does not. This is just one example though I'm sure there are many because the location is larger.

 I still prefer the other Fry's in my neighborhood though because this location is always busy and I don't enjoy navigating through the parking lot. However, this Fry's  location is also closer to other businesses (Costco Target, etc) while the other is off on it's own near houses and apartments.
There's always parents @ this Frys, who make  their kids scream &cry. I shop here, ONLY cuz it's close & cheap.    Within the past 2weeks, I got hired @ this Kroger Store (didn't even work--& got fired! cuz I have Epilepsy)  ...A few Thursdays ago, I got told by hiring manager, Holly,  "we have ur new-hire-paperwork, u start training Sun&Monday!".     Monday, I got a call from some1 in a Colorado area code, who claimed to be a "doctor-in-association-w/Frys". He said I was positive for marijuana--I told him, yeah, I'm disabled & have a (legal) medical marijuana prescription for my Epilepsy in AZ. The Colorado-"doctor" told me, I might not get hired by Frys, cuz they don't hire people w/this medical prescription!!  On Tuesday I still had No call back from Frys (eventho I was supposed to have worked Sun & Mon). I went to Frys & asked Holly, "Oh, I don't have a job? Why didn't u call me?".  Holly, kept saying that I didn't pass some form of screening test.  How come this hiring manager said I WAS HIRED?!
The Huntridge Drug Store is a typical old Fashioned drug store with standard items including (of course) a pharmacy. They have a rack that has some outdated (vintage) postcards on it. I give it four stars not because it is an independent drugstore, not because it is attached to a dive bar, not because it had an old fashined lunch counter diner (it is open yet?) . Mostly I give it four stars because they staff I encounter there is always VERY friendly!
This place is a BLAST from the Past(#IOWAtasmic) a drug store with a lunch counter! Plus a pharmacy & an attached Bar.

Theres no wait just sit right up to th e counter and order. They have a small simple menu but good prices.

We ordered a 2 egg breakfast and a Philly Cheese Steak.

The service was very fast & friendly But then again we were the ONLY customers.

The food was good fresh & tasty maybe a little greasy but I like greasy. Check the pics to see it.

I would definitely try it again maybe the burger which is said to be their big winner here.
It's actually called the Huntridge Diner. I went here for lunch last week and yeah I guess it was A-ok. I had the daily special, which for Tuesday is a Burger, Fries and Soda for $6.95. The burger didn't taste like much but it wasn't bad. The fries probably came from Sysco but they were battered and pretty tasty. Everyone was very friendly including the girl at the front cashier counter and even the cook. Besides me there was only one other customer in there so the service was good.
It is absolutely called the Huntridge Restaurant, not diner. I can only vouch for the burgers at this point, but they are truly outstanding, well seasoned, fresh beef, in the top 20% you will find anywhere. The fries and onion rings are good, but the burgers shine! Hand made shakes are available, but I have not tried one yet. The place is clean, plenty of old original features making for an authentic "diner" experience. Just a mile east of  Las Vegas Blvd, corner of Charleston and Maryland Pkwy., makes this an easy find for tourists who enjoy a little local downtown Las Vegas flavor. I hear the Philly cheese steaks are excellent too. Very limited hours, which have changed over the past several months, currently open till 4 p.m. Closed Sunday. One can search "huntridge restaurant" on youtube to get a feel of the place. It's a total 50's throwback tucked inside a pharmacy. Staff has always been friendly and attentive. Gotta love the free wi-fi too. A door through the pharmacy leads to a full bar.
I love the Huntridge.  It's a great little neighborhood dive, stress on the dive.  The drinks are crazy cheap, and they always have weekly specials.  The bartenders are friendly and entertaining, and the working-class clientele is refreshingly unpretentious and relaxed.  

Warning: it is smoky as all get out in there, and smells like smoke even when it's empty! So if you're sensitive to that, don't go here.  

They have a great jukebox, random bar snacks, and an array of bar video games to entertain the drunkards.  I always seem to gravitate toward this place around 2-4 am because it's right on my way home from pretty much anywhere else.  

The Huntridge is open 24-hours, but if you feel the need to take the party elsewhere, you can always buy 6-packs or bottles of liquor to go!
A great dive bar has to strike a delicate balance between grungy and comfortable.  It should feel like the cozy little hole in the wall where the floor isn't that clean and the booths are slightly broken, but the beer and liquor are well stocked and the characters are colorful.  Think dirty enough that T.G.I. Friday's managers would be disgusted, but safe enough that you're not getting a knife in your side when you sidle up to the bar.

And in Las Vegas, Huntridge Tavern is that bar.  I head here a lot during happy hour and find a collection of folks who are happy to be drinking--the clientele is usually a mix of folks just off work, folks down on their luck and smart ass regulars lined up along the bar talking to the bartender.  There's a lot of attitude is this bar.  Go with it and you'll have a good time.

And Huntridge follows through on the crucial requirement for a dive bar: cheap drinks.  Beer is $2-3 from the tap, liquor was pretty damn cheap (for a generous pour as well).  It's definitely my favorite hole in the wall in town.
First and foremost, the interior throwback is enough to warrant three stars. The fourth is for outstanding food. One would never suspect that a time machine lays dormant inside this little pharmacy. This is the kind of place I only dream about. It wasn't crowded at 10am - the food was made right there on the grill in front of us and the waitress was pleasant. As it should be, cash only. And when you are done - bop next door (literally attached) to the Huntridge Bar. It's equally nostalgic!
Great vegetarian cuisine at very reasonable prices.
They make great pizzas and veggie burgers.  Their breakfast menu is very tasty.
The service was great.  The cook greets all customers and tries to make you feel at home.
They are also certified kosher.
I have been there and Jason is great! The company really needs additional staff on Sundays to help with larger crowds. The long wait time was unacceptable.
A friend and I decided to check this place out on Saturday afternoon, and all of the doors were locked. We were really excited to check it out! I'm not sure if it's even open for business. If it is, they need some store hours posted outside.
When the gorgeous Rockabilly yelper Emily S. vouched for this place, I knew it had to be legit. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=1sXN7Oxteo5dP5nwIDyO4w&userid=oErJEFTodtOnb7Keep4Tlg  ...see what I mean :) 

Been wanting to try this place for quite some time. Huntridge Diner is located right next door to a Rockabilly barber shop, so it really does attract the whole Greaser crowd. And there ain't no posers here. For example, 99% of the Rockabilly girls I know are just in it for the "fashion". I myself am really into pin-up models from the 40s and 50s, and whenever I try to start a conversation with a Rockabilly person by asking "whats your favorite pin-up girl?" or "who was your favorite Rockabilly musician?", they have no clue what I'm talking about. It's a whole different crowd here on the corner of Maryland and Charleston, and the regulars here can go on for days about 50s society and culture. 

Like I said, the authenticity is legit here. They have an ice cream freezer which was installed back in the 1950s when the diner was built. When the thing broke, instead of replacing it, they tracked down an antique dealer that had the actual vintage parts so they could rebuilt it. Everything down to the machines that make the milkshakes are the originals from the 1950s! I've seen 50s diners that attempt to serve authentic 50s food, but I've never ever seen a place that cooks the food with the actual iron kitchen equipment which was crafted in the 50s! I totally felt like Marty McFly at  Lou's Cafe.

The menu is identical to the ones you see in the greaser movies. Everything on the menu is an "era dish" from post WWII, like Pizza Fries!!! Ever since I was a kid I used to watch those old movies from the 1950s where the greasers would order pizza fries. I always wondered what they tasted like. Thanks to Huntridge, now I know they are f*cking awesome!

The first time I came into Huntridge, I was with a child who was dealing with bereavement.  The owner's son and the cook were really great to him. They sat with him and talked about video games, internet memes, and other stuff kids love. I really appreciate that they did this for him. The workers here have very big hearts!!

Interesting fact= This place is 100% Kosher, and they stay completely true to Kosher protocol. From what I hear, to qualify as true kosher cuisine, a Jewish cook has to handle certain items when it is prepared. They hired a Jewish chef to do that!! Since like 90% of my friends are Jewish, this is gonna be a great place for us to go to when we can't agree on which place to eat. It accommodates me and them!

My recommendation is too get one of their shakes or malts. Believe me, no other 50s diner in Vegas has anything on these guys! 

I've been here 3 times this week, and I can't get enough. I'm actually gonna write a more detailed and updated review on this place soon. They are still in the process of revamping their menu. I really can't wait for that.
We are three locals having lunch here on a Wednesday - 1)  place recked of cigarette smoke - 2) staff does not seem to have an urgency in getting folks served - 3) food was okay -
My wife and I stayed in Las Vegas for a week and this place was on a few lists so we figured we'd try out a 50's-era soda fountain.  I was less than impressed.  The food was fine (the pizza fries are great), but the service was slow and the building itself  looks run down.  The cook on duty (I believe his name was Jason) was a bit slow but attentive - I was pleasantly surprised by his knowledge on kosher food and kosher cooking (when asked by another patron that was there and evidently didn't know it was a kosher restaurant).  The shakes were fun, but not everything was available on the menu (they were apparently redoing it) and it was nice to have a shake with a burger.

What the place needs is a remodel of some sort.  The building is too big for their needs and the deco is haphazard at best.  The place tries to be a modern pharmacy - to be sure, it IS a working pharmacy, but there's loads of empty space on the walls and it has an unfinished feel to it.  There's way too much space...I'm thinking the building can't be touched because of the historic significance (oldest pharmacy in Las Vegas I believe) but there are creative ways to eat up the unused area.  The mashgiach (who doesn't think he is one, but he fits the definition) could use a course in Restaurant 101 or shouldn't be serving customers (and needs to wear gloves behind the counter when he's there)

I came in expecting a 50's-type soda jerk, and got...well, I got a good veggie burger and fries.  There is so much potential in the restaurant portion - Vegas is all about showmanship.  A server or server/cook combination in some sort of costume reflecting the theme would be great...better music to set the tone...tables being closer to the barside area.

I'm giving it three stars because the primary reason to go a restaurant is food - and it was excellent.  It's inexpensive ($32 for two people for burgers w/salad, shakes, and a side of fries is a great buy) but well made.  Don't expect to be wowed by the ambiance - unless they make improvements it's more to be ignored than admired.
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(108/365) "Blast From The Past"

We stopped in for a bite after getting cut next door at Hi-Rollers. HPSF is Drugstore/Pharmacy/Diner run by a couple of gentleman, and as you step inside, it is as if you went back in time to the 50's and 60's. It is very spacious with dining booths as well as counter dining if you wish to do so. 

Perusing the menu, it seems like a lot of choices on paper, but they seemed to be out of a few selections as we were inquiring on certain menu items and descriptions.
Wifey and I narrowed it down and we split a Cowboy Burger with a couple of shakes.
She got a Strawberry Shake and I went with the Watusi Whopper. FYI, all burgers, sandwiches, and items that are usually made with meat are not. Every item is vegetarian, and they use veggie meat from Morning Star.

The burger and fries were pretty good even though nothing is made in-house, and the shakes were not as thick as I prefer, but decent. Service was good, and price point is reasonable. Stop in if you're in the area and give these guys a try! ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \u  3.25
Great service. Great ice cream-Old fashioned hand packed pints. Diner style kosher menu. Great for vegetarians. 
ENJOY!
Food is great for the price and they owner and employees are friendly. Best kosher ( no hersher tho) breakfast/brunch option in Las Vegas. You can eat anything that's on the menu all day long.