I have eaten here a few times.  At 5:00 pm the prices change from lunch to dinner.  

You create your own size in a bowl so you can determine your portion.  They do offer menu items, and then have a bar of veggies and meats and sauces at the end.  They have instructions on how you can create certain sauces.

It is too far away from where I live or I would frequent it more often.
I was so excited to finally try the place I ended up being early.  We paid our admission to the food funhouse that is YC's and then got down to business.  Armed with bowls the size of our heads, we stepped to the buffet and I got my first look at what I was up against.  The first third of the buffet is filled with shaved curls of frozen meat in various varieties.  Beef, Chicken, Pork, Alligator and Yak.  Frozen curls of Yak!  Okay so I lied about the Yak and the Alligator.  But you never know.  They SAID it was beef and chicken, but seriously, it could have been Yak!

I grabbed the tongs and threw a pile of meat in the bottom of my bowl.  I smiled at my accomplishment but she just looked over slightly concerned and then handed me a sheet of wax paper.  "You need to smash it down." she said.  "What?" I replied? "The meat," she explaind patiently.  "You need to smash it into the bottom of your bowl."  "But I'm not that hungry!" I protested.  "You will be and this is gonna last you for days.  See that guy on the end? Your bowl is supposed to look like that." She pointed towards the end of the buffet where I saw a towering mass of vegetables rising out of an already unfathomably large bowl.  It would easily feed a family of four.  His YC fu was impressive, but I was sure I could top that.  "Get Smushing," she said as I refocused on the task at hand.

After I had pressed all the pretty curls of meat into a flat unrecognizable blob that filled the bottom half of my bowl, we moved onto the vegetables.  If you've had it in "Chinese" food, it was there.  I zeroed in on some celery, cabbage, bean sprouts, carrots, scallions and baby corn.  I piled it on with gluttonous abandon, gleefully shaping my mountain of food to resemble the peak from Close Encounters of the Third Kind.

The last third of the buffet contains sauces.  Many many many sauces.  Get them, they are good.  They have recipes but seriously, who wants to read directions?  I needed more sauce than I took and I thought I took a lot.  It would have helped to know they were going to slap it on a grill and immediately start diluting it with water.  Seriously, I put like five or six scoops of various stuff in and it was still just barely sauced enough.  I supplemented with some spicy mustard.

So um.. then they cooked it, and we ate it.  Sure it was good.  Yes I still have leftovers.  No you can't have them.  Is the food here the best I've ever had? Hell no.  But it's pretty good for fast/cheap/healthy-ish stuff and seriously who cares? They let you play with it for like half an hour before you even sit down.  Score!
YC's is pretty fantastic.  You go in, pay $8 or so, and you get approximately one metric assload of food (note: metric assloads are larger than American assloads).  However, a lot of this really depends on your skill in packing as much food as possible into a fairly reasonable-sized bowl.  If you're like me and enjoy few things as much as having the blood of cute animals dripping down your chin, you should probably pack the bowl to the top (yes, I'm serious) with meat.  Don't forget to grab a few sheets of parchment paper so you can crush everything down and maximize the amount of food you get in your bowl.  Anyway, your veggies, noodles, and whatever else you want can be piled on top of the bowl o' meat.  If you do this right, your leaning tower of delicious should be roughly 3 times or so the height of the bowl.  Next time I'm at YC's I'll have to take a picture so this can be better illustrated.  Oh, and don't forget the sauces - they really make or break the meal.  If you're unsure on what kind of sauce to get, there are chalkboards all over with recipes, or the friendly YC's staff will help you figure out what you might like.  I'd *highly* recommend if you follow a sauce recipe to make double because you're going to need a lot of sauce if you filled your bowl up like I told you to.

YC's is probably the best bang for your buck lunch or dinner you can get in Tempe.  Chances are good you'll end up with enough leftovers for at least another meal or two.  Just don't forget, doggie bags are 50 cents a piece, so bring some quarters or singles.
this place is my absolute fav and anytime i'm near it i must stop in...

you can pack so much food into their bowls you seriously have lunch for work for the next three days.

the variety of food changes on a day-to-day basis, so sometimes when i go they don't have my favorite things (baby corn, water chestnuts), but i manage to cram 6 feet of food in my bowl anyways...

their sauce choices are very good and the staff working can usually help you with it as it may get a little confusing...be sure to add lots of chili sauce if you want it hot...

you can also get rice, won tons, soup, and a drink with your dinner..which is a great deal for $10. 

if you're seriously stoned, go in. you won't be disappointed. and you won't be able to put your fork down long enough to talk to your friends about it either!!!
This place can either be 2 star or 4 star, depending upon the quality of the veggies they use. Sometimes the veggies are nasty and seem expired. Other times they are fresh and crisp. They offer plenty of sauces to flavor your dish with. However, the meat here is nasty as hell. It is frozen, nasty crap. I stick to veggies here... Overall good place if they keep their stuff fresh.
3.5 Stars

Lunch time it's $9.00 for a large bowl and a drink.  Comes with unlimited brown or white rice and soup.  Not a bad deal at all.  This is your typical Mongolian BBQ spot... thin frozen meats, veggies, sauce, slap onto round grill, eat.

My only complaint with this place is I feel there are too many sauce choices.  My favorite Mongolian BBQ spot (near UCLA) had two options:  garlic Yes/No and spicy Yes/No, other than that the sauce master did his work and the dish turned out amazing.  YC's has like 10 different sauce combination they present to you and I feel that the last 3 times I've been here I could have chosen better.... but frankly, I don't know because I never remember which one I chose previously.  In this case, like AbuJ likes to say, too much customization is not good.  Perhaps I'm just "chasing the dragon" and trying to get it to taste like my favorite UCLA joint and I'll never reach that high again no matter how much I try, but damnit, I'm going to try a few more times since UCLA is a 6hr drive on a good day.

The hostess / cashier was easy on the eyes, as was the sauce girl.  Both pretty friendly too.  Girls tend to flirt with me, so nothing unusual here.  +.5 stars for this.
I came here with me sister Cher, who really likes this place. I'm so used to food being prepared by cooks and brought to me. So, I'm not used to having to prepare my own food via restaurant. I love to cook from recipes, so why should this be any different, right? 

As we arrived there wasn't that many people, I was relieved and allowed me to ask my sister 101 questions about what to do. I ended up making a concoction of beef, carrots, broccoli, rice noodles, sprouts with chef's favorite sauce. It turned out good but I know that I was missing something. I tried some of my sisters bowl and that was really good.

So, this place is a build-your-own bowl, piled high if necessary, and watch it cook right in front of you.

It was a little overwhelming at first, but if I continue to go there, I will get accustomed to the process.
You can't beat the price. Service is efficient. The food is fair. Will I eat here again? Of course, but this place is definitely not in my top ten.
$9 or $10 flat fee gets you a bowl in which you can moosh and pile high with meats, vegetables and noodles.  Grab a few tissues by the meat and crunch down the everything as you go.  If you have someone with you take a tissue and their bowl and smash your stuff down and they can do the same.  At the end is tons of sauces and a menu board with favorite combinations.  I tend to make my own mixture of two of the sauces and double up on what they recommend because I usually have a TON of noddles and meat.  Double your sauces and you will get tons of sauce.  I recommend getting a "doggy bag" at the beginning because if you pile on your food you will have extra for a few days.  They are only 50 cents so it is very affordable.
Threw up my yc's last night, yummmmm
I have been going here for year and it has always been fantastic. This has always been one of my favorites with amazing food and great service.
The people who work at this location are great. Excellent customer service. The place is clean. I always saw someone making sure everything is in order and making sure food is always fresh.
I'm not really sure what just happened to me.  I just ate a bunch of flash-frozen meat that was white, curled, and stiff.  I put it in a bowl and mashed it with a napkin, put some even less fresh looking veggies on it, and handed it to an angry mexican who proceeded to cook it on something that looked like the urinals in Sun Devil Stadium.  I didn't like preparing my own food for this price, I don't like that they KNOW the meat shrinks but won't give you a decent sized bowl to put enough in it - although...with as nasty as the meat tasted, why would you want any more of it?  I might go back here and just do noodles and sauce.  The noodles were the only thing that seemed safe to eat and the sauce (you make your own) was the only thing redeeming about this place.  I was definitely missing the Wendy's that used to be in this spot.
I'm such a huge fan of food customization and this place is right up my alley.  No one is going to put gross things on my plate if I don't want them and I don't have to ask for any sort of special order.  I can load up on the broccoli and carrots and don't get charged extra.  When we came in there was a very friendly and helpful girl at the register who was happy to explain the process to us, at which point the husband looked overwhelmed and disgusted.  In any event, I had lots of fun making my own special dish and creating a magical sauce that tantalized my tastebuds.  I will definitely come back, it's just a matter of getting a certain someone to agree.
Your meal is what ever you make of it, so make it a good one.  Ok so I stole that line from back to the future but it is true. Imagine a salad bar but with raw Asian food ingredient with  cook at the end. One big pro about this style is that you can get just what you want. I for example do not eat meat. YC's allows me to cram as many veggies, noodles and tofu into a bowl as humanly possible. For me it has become a game, how many bowls can I fill post cooking. My current record is three. I can give you bowl construction tips if you would like. If it is not in the bowl it will not be cooked.

The sauces play a big role in the flavor of your meal. If you ask they will let you take a separate bowl for sauce and even help you mix. I like to make my own with generous amounts of garlic and hunan sauce. If you do like garlic like I do be sure to ladle garlic from the bottom of the container as that is where the real pieces are. 

After you leave the cooking line you can augment your food with fried won ton strips, spicy oils, mustard's, peanuts, fresh cilantro, sesame seeds, pineapple and more. There also is a station with rice and soups for those who require more than just a bowl of Asian goodness. Soda is included with the meal price and for dinner so is access to the frozen yogurt machine. 

If you can not finish your meal they will gladly sell you to go boxes at .50 a piece.  

The one thing that confuses me is the name, Mongolians are a nomadic people, yet their BBQ grills are huge I don't see how that would work.
Sorry folks, but this place is terrible.  I had heard my friends raving about it for awhile, but finally had the, uh, "opportunity" to try it out myself.

When I first walked in, I noticed it was just $9 for a big bowl, far cheaper than what I'm used to paying at Genghis Grill.  Sounds good, right?

Well, when I got to the food selections, I noticed a few things.  First, the meat was frozen. Second, there are only four meat options (frozen chicken, frozen beef, frozen turkey, and frozen pork).  Third, the vegetable selection is limited.  You'll have your lettuce, carrots, cabbage, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, noodles, tofu, and bean sprouts, but there's not much more.  No eggs, baby corn, or anything else that might be interesting.  Oh, and no dry seasonings.

The sauces were encouraging.  I liked the idea of mixing and matching the different components.  After I tasted my food, however, backtracked on the sauce.  My bowl was quite soupy, but very bland.  The sauces have almost no flavor whatsoever.  Now I know why they provide that hot mustard... You need it if you want to actually taste something.

The portions were great, but I didn't even finish mine because it was just a bland, soupy mess of frozen garbage.  I think I'll spend the few extra bucks on Genghis.
Pack a ton of meat down in the bowl using the tissue paper they supply. Pile veggies as high as you possibly can. Use double the amount of sauces recommended for the recipes. I skip the noodles, why pay for them to cook filler when there's free brown rice available POST GRILL? With this method even after stuffing yourself you should have enough leftovers for rougly 3 more meals.
i've been going here for years.  i've tried other places like this, but none of them add up.
if you go at lunch, you can get 2 or 3 meals for 8$!  it also includes rice, crispy things, soup and a drink.  and then you don't have to eat the rest of the day. :)
over time, i've created my own sauce.  the suggestions they give you are helpful, but its good to be creative and figure out what you like.
you can get to-go boxes for $.50 and definitely worth it.  the only time you can't get one is with all you can eat option.  i can't understand why anyone would do that, i can hardly finish 1/3 of a bowl.
One of the better Mongolian BBQ's I've been to. $10 at the door with drink. Very simple.
Add then smoosh.  Add then smoosh.  Add then smoosh.

I have seen this type of grilling in the mall before but never actually felt the urge to dine there. I came here with friends who walked me through the experience. First of all, it is a stand alone restaurant. When you enter the door you pay $9 for the bowl and $0.50 for a togo box for your leftovers.  For the quality of food,  I think $9 is over-priced.  You are really paying a premium for the "experience" of watching someone sloosh around your food on a grill.  It is the express version of benihana.

You walk up to a buffet line and the first thing you see is a box of wax paper.  Those little squares they use when you get donuts.  You grab a couple sheets and proceed to the assorted meats (chicken, beef, pork) and a white fish (cod??) which were all frozen. These items are usually used for chinese hot pots. The quality is mediocre. Next in line are assorted veggies, tofu, and then an array of sauces.  You pick and choose.  As you fill up the bowl, people are using those wax sheets to moosh down the food to maximize space.  Add an item then smoosh.  Repeat.

The meal comes with soda, soup, rice, and frozen yogurt machine.  The best part of the meal was the service.  They are continually replenishing the ingredients and ensuring a cleaning station.  The cashier walked around to check on everyone's meal.  She even offered someone a new bowl since they didn't care for their creation.  That is service!  So even though the food was eh, the service made up for it.
make your own! mix beef chicken and noodles and a few veggies! and then create your very own flavor!. 

i get the large bowl and a to go box. fill it with beef and push it down with the wax paper. and keep stuffing meat in to the top. the pile on some veggies and pile up a huge mound of noodles! my bowl sits aleast 12-16 inches high!! but the key is to go and grab another lg bowl up where they make your food! this bowl you fill with your own sauce!! then hand them both bowls and its on!!! if you do it the way i said you will have a bowl and a to box filled to the rim! and eat it all day lol
I used to come here regularly back in the '90s when I was at ASU.  I was in the Staples across the way and the cashier assured me this YC's was still good.

YC's is still a good choice for Mongolian BBQ, although it is not one the fanciest Mongolian place I have been to.  It is clean, has plenty of seating, the service is quite good, and the price is right.  I like that the meat is at the beginning of the line and the noodles at the end of the line.  (Anyone who is familiar with Mongolian BBQ will understand the architectural importance of putting the meat in the bowl first instead of trying to pile it on at the end.)  

$8 for a small bowl and $9 for a big bowl.  The price includes soup and a drink, but not ice cream which is an extra $1.
I love YCs there food is just full of flavor. There are plenty of options to choose from they even have a guide to help you put the right sauces together. But to get rich full flavor double the amount the guide tells you. There's always lots of food and I always bring home left overs. This place is def. worth giving a try.
This is one of my top places to eat any time of the year.  I've been visiting YC's since the late 90's and will continue to dine here.  Even though this is a self service based restaurant, the customer service is always tops.  The cashier is always pleasant and the cooks/grillers are always attentive.  The buffet style line to select your ingredients used to be single file one line.  A few  years back they expanded to two lines and two grills; very helpful on weekend nights with ASU in session.

The food selections and sauces are consistent and tasty.  The diner/fast food style seating is just fine with me, we always choose a booth.  

Not sure if this location is still owned by the body building man who was always checking our tables for satisfaction, but either way this is one of the staples of our diet.
I love love love YC's.  Where else can I fill a bowl with massive amounts of meat and veggies for like $9?  

I went here tonight with my wife and another friend.  It was about 6:30 and it wasn't that busy so that was nice.  It didn't take long for me to fill up my bowl with goodies to the brim and drown it in sauce.  I did mess up a bit with the sauce because it didn't turn out as spicy or as flavorful as I would have liked but it was still great.

In my opinion I don't come here nearly enough.  I probably only say that though because I purposely didn't view their nutritional info so I'm convinced it is relatively healthy.  I mean its not fried fast food stuff, right?

Anyway I love eating here.  The food is great for what it is, the price is right and the service is very good.  Plus I always have leftovers for lunch the next day.

Oh...and the frozen yogurt is garbage.
My favorite Mongolian BBQ joint in the Phoenix area. HUGE HUGE portions, the only place where they let you smash the meat with wax paper, so much sauce and even the side bar is delicious. DO IT and I dare you to finish everything in your bowl.
YC's? Because!

When I first moved to the Phoenix area, I discovered the most beautiful Mexican-American woman in the world...working at YC's Mongolian Stir Fry. In fact, having sampled several locations in the valley, the owner seems to be fond of hiring the most beautiful Mexican-American women. I don't really care but it is distracting when I eat there twice a day.

If you've never tried Mongolian Stir Fry, basically you put raw ingredients into a bowl, add sauces and it is cooked on a big, hot surface. After a couple of minutes, BING! Lunch and dinner and another lunch, if you know how to "play" the system at YC's.

There are no "going back for seconds," so plan accordingly. You get your bowl and pay $10 (children are charged by age or just get them a small bowl).

Your first step is loading in the meat. Huh-huh! The meats are sliced and frozen. Place a good amount in the bowl and press it down with the papers at the end of the bar. I like to then go to the fry station and load some peanuts in the bowl and put on some hot chili oil. Then I load on assorted vegetables, tofu and noodles. Then I add the sauces. Some locations have "sauce experts" who take a brutal ribbing for having that on the back of their shirts. Imagine a beautiful Mexican-American woman with that on her shirt. It gives you ideas. Impure ideas.

Honestly, the line method is meat, veggies, sauce, then step up to the fry station, add sesame seeds, peanuts, pineapple and/or assorted oils and such and the chef will cook it for you. I do it by jumping around (when there's no line of people behind me) so the sauce sits on the meat (huh-huh!) and isn't all sitting on the noodles. Don't worry about overloading the bowl a mile high of your food choices. It cooks down and the idea is taking stuff home. They actually encourage it (take out boxes are 50¢, so it's a profit scam...deal).

Add a bowl of all-you-can-eat-and-stuff-into-the-baggies-in-your-pocket rice (white or brown) and soups (always two kinds) and you are in heaven...with beautiful Mexican-American sauce experts! Huh-huh!

Please don't forget to tip the cook a dollar per bowl and leave a couple of bucks for the girls who have to clean up the table...scrubbing and bending. Cleaning up after such a dirty, dirty boy. Mmmmmm-ah!
I wasn't overly impressed.  I'm pretty sure they used to have a location on Mill Ave in Tempe, and I just remember that being my favorite place ever.  This one was alright, had a great veggie variety, and the meat variety was okay as well.  I would've liked some shrimp or calamari instead of cod though.  Upon cooking the cod, it got really flakey and was like having a can of tuna shredded up into my meal...I'd probably opt for chicken or steak next time, unless they do happen to get other seafood besides cod.  

However, a lot of my frustration with the meal wasn't in the restaurant itself.  There was the most ANNOYING couple sitting in the booth right behind me.  Kept kissing (that gross lip smacking sound) and playing Lady GAG throughout the entire meal.  Plus...she was a skeeze and he looked like he had a dead animal on his head.  

All in all, I'd come here again, avoiding the seafood all together this time would definitely bump it up to a solid 3.5 to 4 stars.
I LOVE,LOVE, LOVE YC's.  I come from the midwest where we have HuHot's and its an all-you-can-eat, go up as many times as you want kinda place so I was a little weary when my friend said you only can go through once with your semi-small bowl.  Then she showed me the way with the packing papers and I must say I have become quite a pro at making monster stir-frys that last 2-3 meals worth.  
I love YC's because:
-Great selection of veggies, amazing selection of sauces and most are very low calorie.  
-Extremely quick cooking time w/ friendly service
-I love the whole grain options for noodles and brown rice.
-I love that you get soup, wontons, rice, and drinks with your meal price.  

Could improve with more protein selections, like seafood.  Not a big deal though.

I have gone here nearly once a week every since I first went here.  Its a great fast lunch place.  Every other mongolian grill place I've been to in the valley has not come close to comparing.
Staff was more than helpfull, I felt like it was a great value, if you like great khans you will love this place way more of a variety, food was delicious! I wish there was one in san diego!!
What's better than smashing down frozen shaved meat and vegetables into a bowl to get every last ingredient packed in there to get the most of your money...? Nothing!

This place is a great lunch or dinner spot, and if you go easy on the wonton chips and frozen yogurt, it's actually quite healthy too.  My favorite part is watching people work their "techniques" on how to structurally build the tallest mountain of stir fry, and then somehow cover it in sauce.  I usually get a huge dinner and a full box of left overs for lunch the next day out of one large bowl...but I'm a mere amateur.

Hint: multiply the sauce recipe by at least 1.5 because some of the cooks let half of it run off the hotplate before they start stirring.  I usually just make an extra little dish of it on the side and pour it on after they've cooked my bowl.

YUM!
Everyone who works here is very nice, and all of the food that is here is very delicious.
If you've never done Mongolian BBQ before, YC's is the place to start and the time for starting is the present. Enjoy.
Not a bad little Mongo Grill. The meat is sub-par, but not awful. You do get to choose how much meat you get which is different from some of the grills here in Washington. There's a decent selection of things, but they're missing some key things that would make it superb. (Baby Corns, Spicy peanut sauce etc...) The Noodles were quite tasty and portions were large. Would go again.
We went here on Valentines Day for a girls night out (being single doesn't mean you have to be miserable!), it was my first time at a YC's! Another friend of mine went to the one on Elliot, and she raved about it to me. I completely forgot until we went here on the 14th!

We arrived before they closed, what's nice is that they let you eat your fill if you don't pull a dick move and arrive at 8:45pm to eat with a large group. I'm not a big fan of buffets, after visiting one with my family in California, I became completely discouraged with the rampant shouting kids, claustrophobic tables and chairs that made you turn sideways to walk down isle, and some of us ended up with food poisoning since the waiters weren't keeping the place clean - but YC's has given me a good outlook on family sit-down buffets. At least, arrive after 8pm so parents have to take the kids home for bed on a weekday haha!

After paying we walked down the line, a lot of people were piling it up, my friend helped me figure it out which was really simple. The girl at the cash register was nice also and helped with the instructions on how to get the food.

One thing I really loved about YC's was that above the area where they fry your food up, there is a huge chalkboard on all the different Asian sauce mixes you can have for your dish! I ended up making Curry-yaki, and it was REALLY good, it reminded me of eating in a Japanese food court while in California!

YC's is a clean place, not loud and obnoxious after 8pm on a weekday, and people are polite while you're waiting for your food in line. I want to try this place out again so you can count on me coming back!!!
If I had to pick a last meal, it'd be ycs! Just saying! I could live off of it! Come to Phoenix !!!
When you think Mongolian Grill, what comes to mind? The obvious: choose your own ingredients, sauce, portion size, and get it cooked as you please.  That's exactly what you get here, except for one crucial difference: it's all so fresh! I've been eating YC's at this location for a decade, and I have yet to eat a meal that I would describe as anything less than delicious.  The service is friendly and great, the food quality is much better than your typical Mongolian Grill, and--oh god--the amount of food you can get is obscene.

Seriously, if you go in with a strategy and an iron will, you can pack an ungodly heap of whatever you wish to eat into (and, let's be honest, stacked precariously above) a bowl, watch them cook it (with water, mind, not oil), and eat until you feel like you need to go to confession.

At lunch, it's eight bucks and a quarter for a small bowl, nine two five for a large, but you can easily get a full meal plus an extra takeout meal out of that.  Dinner is buffet, for eleven bucks, but you also get as much frozen yogurt and other stuff as you can possibly stomach.

And did I mention that it can be pretty healthy? Again, the ingredients are fresh, and you get to tailor it to your own taste as much as you please. 

I've eaten at a lot of Mongolian Grill places I've regretted, afterward, but in the countless times I've eaten at YC's, I've always been pleased with what I ended up with. Tip the cooks; they are awesome.
This place is AMAZE!! Low key, fast, tasty, and lots of choices.  I usually pile on more meat than veggies and tend to go for the thai chili sauce. WHOA!! If it's your first time there and you have leftovers don't forget to tell the waitress that your new and she will give you the doggie box for free.  
I also love that they serve BROWN rice.  Not a lot of asian places do so thanks for that  Mr. YC!!
I gave this place 5 stars because it is as good as it gets for Mongolian BBQ. This place has lots of great items to choose from to put in your bowl. Great sauce/seasoning items, and a recipe board if you don't feel like winging it. You get steamed white or brown rice, wonton soup, and my favorite, fried crunchy noodles with sweet & sour sauce for dipping. And if you didn't stuff your face enough on noodles, rice, and soup, they have self serve ice cream too. The only thing that sucks is that if you don't finish your food, which you probably won't, they charge you $0.50 for a to-go box. Great leftovers though. You can throw it in a pan and it's almost better than the first time. 

My kids love it because they can put whatever they want or don't want in their food, and they eat it all up!
The first time I went to YC's was in scottsdale. I loved how you choose what you like in your bowl and sauces. they cook it up right in front of you. you can stuff your bowl as much as you can. don't worry about getting alot because all you pay for a take out box is 50 cents. it is great for leftovers, the food tastes fresh still. The one in tempe was awesome as well. I love this place. I had one larg bowl, a bowl of rice, chicken soup, and a soda for $10.25 how can you go wrong with that???
I know why they don't have one of these in California. F'reals... if they opened this up, UCSD asian-ness would be all over it in a crazy eating frenzy. 

Came here with UCSD dragon boat team before a race day and heck, we were ready to stuff our faces! This place makes Khan's Mongolian Grill in UTC look like trash.

Instead of yelling at you for piling on too many meat (or veggies if that's your thang), this place ENCOURAGES it! Yeah! Plus, you can opt for one massive bowl or if you're a crazy big eater, you can opt for unlimited bowls. YC must stand for "You Crazzzzzzzy" if you eat that much. Only downside here is that all the sauces kind of taste the same after a while.

If that's not enough for your stomach to explode, there's endless soup, chips, rice, drinks, and frozen yogurt for you to gorge on. 

They take all your needs into account... including a plunger in each stall of the bathroom. Awesome!!
I thought this place was just OK as far as Mongolian grills go. It was fine but I have certainly been to better. This is the first one I have been to where you have to pay more if you want to make up more than one bowl of stir fry. The difference between a single bowl versus unlimited was $2.00 so whats the point of that? Then they have an ice cream machine near the soda dispensers but there is a big sign that says if you want ice cream, go back to the register and pay another dollar. Why not just charge one price for all? Anyway the meat and veggies were good but no seafood available. The sauces were OK but there was only one guy cooking so it took some time to get yours made up even with few people there. The place was not as clean as I would have liked but whatever. It wasn't awful but I'd not make a point to go here again.
I am giving them 5 stars. 
Why? The main reason is because I have a gluten allergy and when I told the cook that I needed them to be careful about what my food touched he HAPPILY took the time to completely clean and scrape off the entire grill for me so that I wouldn't have an allergic reaction to anything left on the grill. Yes! THAT is customer service. 

The portions are wonderful, the ingredients are fresh and the price is unbeatable. For $10 a person you get a HUGE bowl of stir fry, rice, soup, wonton chips and dessert. 
Bottom line: this place kicks way too much ass.
I've been eating at YC's for years.  They've had consistently good prices, with a good selection of meats, vegetables, and sauces to choose from.  They also offer 2 different types of noodles, along with white and brown rice to go with your custom stir fry meal.  There are also usually two soups of the day to choose from, made with the previous night's leftovers it looks like.  They also have dessert in the form of soft serve!  For those that don't trust their own sauce-making skills, there are helpful recipes on the board above you for you to choose from.  

Their dinner used to be all-you-can-eat at one price, but now they have a single bowl price and an all-you-can eat price.  Generally, I can only eat one bowl, so I usually go for the single trip!  If you can't finish your bowl, take out boxes are $.50 each.
I walk in with a ten and walk out full with leftovers for the next two days. That. Is. Awesome. The only time I ever have issues is when I go rogue and try to make my own sauce... always a disaster... but thankfully on the days I'm intelligent I use their guide and it's all good. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is because Kristen isn't a huge fan of it, she likes it and all, but I can't give the full monty if we don't both love it. YC's is super legit.
I love this place!  Ask for it to go and you'll have left overs for days.  You can mix sauces to create any flavor you like.  Watch out though, it can get really hot or spicy if you put too much in!  Great for groups, family or a easy date time.
I hate giving this place such a poor review, but over all, I wasn't all that impressed.  I came here last night for dinner for the first time, and I can't say that I'm really interested in going back any time soon.

I was hungry, and wanted something different then the usual. I've driven by this place a zillion times, and figured I'd give it a try.  I went in and paid the $11.50 for a plate of food, and I really didn't like it all that much.

I built my own dish, but the meat looked really weird, and the bowls that you put it in were somewhat small.  The selection was meat, pork, chicken and fish. I went with the meat.  I topped it with a few veggies, some sauces, and the cook threw it on the grill. It came out fine, but the meat was just weird.  It was shaved, and was kinda tough.  Veggies and toppings were fresh, but limited.  More salad topping stuff then anything else.  Tomatos, cucumbers. carrots, celery....weird (but healthy) selection.  I was hoping for more variety there.

The staff here was friendly and helpful, I will give them that.  Place looks like it might have been an old fast food joint at one point?

I guess Im just not overall impressed, and had better experiences with Mongolian style cooking.  Sadly, this was not one of them.  :-(
Delicious healthy meats and veggies cooked while you watch with a variety of sauce options. Meal also includes fried wontons, soup, & rice. Avoid the noon time slot as the restaurant is located across from a high school. If it's your first time watch the others before you, there's a skill involved in making your bowl. Also make sure you use the papers by meats to push down meat & get more in bowl, remember the veggies will cook down quite a bit.
YC's Mongolian Grill has several locations around the Phoenix area.

A visit to YC's is a unique experience and is different than anywhere I have been.

Here's how the unique process works;
1. Pick either a small or large bowl. The large bowl is only $1 more, but the small bowl is usually more than enough food if packed correctly.

2. Pack your bowl with a selection of raw and frozen meat. You can choose any combination of turkey, chicken, beef, and pork.

3. Cover your frozen meat with wax paper, and smash it down to create space for the remaining ingredients.

4. Pack the remainder of your bowl with fresh vegetables and noodles. Make sure to smash the ingredients as you go to create more space.

5. Create your own sauce to top off the bowl. They have a chalk board with sauce recipes to guide you in making the perfect concoction.

6. Hand your bowl over to one of the chefs and watch them cook it in front of you. 

7. Head on over to their rice and condiment bar.

8. Soft drinks are included in the price of your bowl.

At night time they have a frozen yogurt bar that is also included in the price of your bowl.

Great food, unique experience, and a good value gives YC's an above average rating of four stars.
With its drab exterior and tinted windows, it's only natural to think that YC's is closed. But this is a dining experience you don't want to miss. Once inside, you are met with a charming, buffet-styled line of meats/fish, veggies, and sauce followed immediately by two large grills where your food is cooked in front of you. Portion sizes are as big or small as you make them, but YC's encourages "packing" your bowl to maximize value.

If you're a YC's virgin, feel free to follow one of the sauce recipes written in chalk above the grilling area. They are well-proportioned and achieve the intended style. But make no mistake: improvising with various combinations and proportions on your own is what YC's is all about. You are not here to order food; you are here to design it. 

If you are visiting the East Valley and want a unique, hands-on dining experience, YC's Mongolian Grill is a fun and challenging option. It does one thing, and it does it well! Two minor complaints: there is no option to buy a small bowl during dinner hours; and, take-out bags cost an additional $0.50.
So I thought they were similar with Genghis Grill - yes they were except that GG has wider selection of meat. I did not know about the "fisting" and smashing of the meat to make room for more LOL . I asked my husband what the onion-skin paper is for that were sitting beside the meat counter. Come here with some strong fist and smash your meat all the way to the bottom and that is how you get more food!! It was fun. I like that they have bamboo shoots veggies that's the only veggie I get, and really it's magic that even if you put a little bit of all the sauce they have, still comes out very tasty! So you don't have to really worry about your food not coming out yum, the amazing cook will probably do the magic! By the way, small bowl to me would be good for 2 decent size meals!
This place is GREAT. I already left Tempe to go back to California, this was my last meal. When I do come back, I am definitely gonna come visit this place. I basically paid $9.50 for two meals! Though I was gonna board an airplane so I didn't wanna take any to go, so I finished it all :].

At first I was feeling a little uncomfortable, not really sure how to work this thing. It was my first time having this style of cuisine where I add my own ingredients. I read up on some reviews first and tried to get a glimpse of it, but watching those around me also helped. The wax paper is there for you to pack your ingredients in and make your money's worth. Great ingredients, fresh and healthy, then at the end you pick wheat noodles and/or rice noodles, I got both, and then you add a combination of any of the sauces you like. My bowl was towering 4 inches over the top with noodles, but some people were obviously even better at it with a bigger pile of noodles. There were a lot of yummy sounding sauces.. But I picked Spicy thai and thai peanut curry, mainly because those were the closest to me and were the least full (meaning someone had to have taken a lot, right?). I only got like 4.5 spoons of sauce, I definitely should have had more, maybe 7, it was pretty dry and I didn't have a pool of sauce at the bottom of my bowl like my brother did. 

Keep waiting in line, and then when the chef calls you up, you just present your tray to them and they'll throw it on and cook it. There were also pineapple slices, peanuts, jalapenos, and such, but like i said, it was my first time and I get a bit uncomfortable at serve your self places, because I'm not entirely sure what I'm entitled to. Takes a quick 1-3 minutes to cook all your stuff, grab a table, or add some stuff to your tray.

They have self serve (all you can eat) brown or white rice, 2 choices of soup, which were pretty good, and some tortillas to add to your dish, which was a delightful addition. Also included in your $9.50 is a cup for soda/juice/tea, they even have blue powerade! My favorite, since I don't drink soda :). No tax so just throw a $10 at the host and you're good to go!. You can also tip the cooks if you'd like. Some people upgrade to the large, create a HUGE BOWL, and just take some to go. If you ask for it to go, the chef can easily fit a "small" into two chinese take out boxes. Imagine what a large could be fitted in.

 The meal was DELICIOUS, I was STUFFED, however the brown rice could have been a little better, but other than that, I love this place and I can't wait to come back. Healthy eat for sure!
WOW this place is awesome!!!!!!  Good Healthy choices.  Cooked up exactly the way I want it with ingredients I pick and choose from!!! We will be regulars at this place from now on ( and we won't have to break the bank to go often).
What an interesting place!  You get to pick all your toppings to be stir-fried.  Love all the veggie toppings!  You can even make your own sauce!  They have brown rice too!  If you pack it right, you will have more than enough food to take home.  Staff is super friendly and will help you navigate the process!
Fantastic food.  There is an art to making the perfect dish: just copy the person in front of you and adjust to your taste preferences.  Making the right sauce is key.  There are several YC's across the valley but this one is the best.
I like the options here and it's okay food but just not my favorite place to go.  Hubby and  I go once in a while when we want something different but really it tastes like a lot of other Asian restaurants only you get to decide what you put in it.
I've been coming here since I was a kid and absolutely love this place. If you have never been just know that the raw food looks like a lot but it cooks down to about half the size so pack the food in. You get to make your own sauce I recommend the chiefs choice thats my favorite and I add some of the spicy thai sauce to give it a little kick its not too hot.
The only bad thing about this place is that it's not in Chicago. Absolutely fell in love with this restaurant when visiting my sis. Great veriaty of sauces and veggies. It's the first thing that comes to mind when I think of AZ, outside of my sister of course.
This place is missing one key ingredient:  Flavor.
How can this place get anything than five stars? Everything is based upon your own personal tastes. YOU pick out your meats, your vegetables - everything you want it to be. The only thing that you don't do is cook it. While you are given a bowl to put all your ten dollar food in, its a common concept that you press the raw food down in order to make room for everything you want, and that way you don't get jipped. Their selection of sauces is wide and delicious, their soups are drool-worthy, and once you've got everything cooked in front of you, you'll wonder wny you haven't come here each day of your life.
Awesome. Great food. Friendly. Loads of variety. Not much more costly than McDonald's.

 I wish there was one in every town and we went to another location the next night. Sure they use thin sliced frozen meat. But overall the ingredients are quality, the price is right and the taste.. That's is as good as you make it by how you mix your fix.

Go and enjoy..
$12.50 includes meal one time thru, soup, rice, drink, ice cream, to go carton. Delicious, well worth the dollar to value ratio.
great stir fry with big portions and great for leftovers. a little pricey.
Delicious, cheap (for how much you actually get), and oh yeah, delicious.

I LOVE this place. I easily take home enough food for 3 meals. Great variety and nice people.
I've been coming here since as long as I can remember... and I still love it. I lived in Tucson, and would make day trips just to come eat here. 
I'm a little disappointed that they made their bows smaller, kinda seems to me like they were looking to follow the "genghis" way... considering their competition is just down the street. But nonetheless this place holds a little piece of my heart... and I will still continue to come here time after time.
My husband and I were in the Staples parking lot, looking for somewhere to eat.  I popped up my trusty Yelp app and found this place, about 30 feet from where I was parked.  It's pretty unassuming from outside, but what an amazing dining experience.  Not only is the food amazing (well, of course--you make it exactly how you like it!) but the portions are such that you should be able to get two meals out of it.  In general, this is a healthy alternative to fast food and an eating experience that your whole family will enjoy.  We plan to take our out of town guests here when they come to visit.
This location is very old, but seems clean.  The staff kept playing around in the back while we waited for a cook and hostess.

Food is good, but a small bowl at dinner would lift your score...a large bowl is too much food, or you pay for air.
When we first arrived I was not sure what to do but the hostess  was very nice. Every thing is buffet style but uncooked you pile your bowl as high as you can get it and they have recipe for you to mix sauces together to make specialty sauce either you are the waitress  can  make them. Then you watch the chef cook the food and sauce together  in front of you . Quite an experience. I can say I honestly enjoyed there food so much I ate it for three days. Yes, I had that much left over .I ate it three more times after I left the restaurant  and it was just as delicious. Follow the lead of everyone else pack the bowl so high it seems stupid. When it cooks down you'll be the smart one. Can you say ....lunch ,dinner, lunch again all in one :)
Great $12 lunch to go! If you press it really tight, you can get 2 portions lunch :)
One word:  Gluttonous

The fact that you can pile as much food into and far beyond the top of the bowl given to you is reason to start moving toward a 5 star rating.  

In the land of opportunity where a person can stroll in and reward themselves for anything they like, usually just making it through the day without cutting your wrist, it's an American's dream. 

It's sort of like a one time all you can eat buffet.  It's worth the price of admission just to see others work their magic while they pile on the food 6 inches or more above the rim of the bowl.  I believe there is an art to this master craft of self indulgence.  I was awestruck by this man who redefined the term, "the sky's the limit."  

I will be going back this coming week to try and either 1)  break my own record set last week  2)  To match the height of the guy I saw on this last visit  or 3)  To eclipse his mile high feat and take this to a new level.

The next best thing about this place is that for 50 cents, you can purchase a box to put whatever you don't eat in and take it with you.  If this doesn't stir up the pig pen, I don't know what will.  

Oink Oink
Awesome!
most mongolian grills allow you to decide how to eat your single-bowl (no refill) order.  

instead of following this custom, yc's prohibits "sharing"

not only does their large chalkboard announce this prohibition upon entering, it also says "TELL THEM TO GET THEIR OWN!"

i would never be so rude to my date.

for $10.95 for one bowl (this perhaps the highest priced mongolian grill i have seen) i should be able to "share"

i questioned the cashier about this policy and was told "our sales are based on the number of bowls we can sell to our customers..so we don't allow sharing"

amazing...

you can, however, get the portion to go...

so, we had to get the portion to go and eat it outside and away from the yc's.


please take down your rude message (and lower your price) or i'll never return.
This place is great and the service is outstanding. I had never been here before and the manager personally helped me. I will definitely return
It's great: walk in, get a bowl, smush as much into a bowl as you can, add sauce, they cook, you eat.

Pick the meats you like. I usually stick with beef. Add veggies. I pick lots of mushrooms. I add tofu to add protein. Pour on sauces to flavor. They have recipes posted to guide you. Then hand your bowl over to the chef and he cooks it and gives you it back all nice and hot in a clean bowl. You can then add a bowl of rice, get a bowl of soup, a glass of something to drink and you're all set.

I used to eat here a lot when I lived in Mesa. We were up here so stopped in and enjoyed lunch. It's a great value for your buck!
Ugh, I hate how it's $11.50 for a bowl. Granted, it's a pretty big size- but still a ridiculous price. Might as well go for the $12.50 ayce. At least then you can vary your taste buds.

The food itself is good. Lots of choices and sauces. I like how they write all the sauce recipes out on the board for you so that you can make something better than whatever concoction you'll come up with. 

If you don't prefer noodles- you should just fill up your bowl with beef and veggies and eat it with the complimentary rice at the end! ;) 
The drink machine, soups, ice cream, and choices of brown/white rice at the end are a nice touch.
Came here after a dragon boat race and it was perfect because we were all starving. You can pile up as much meat, vegetables, and noodles as you want and make up your own sauces based on the blackboard they have up. I will say that $11.50 seems like a lot to pay for a bowl, but it was worth it to me since I was stuffed after I miraculously finished my bowl of food.
Was brought here by a couple of friends who kept raving about the food.  My first and last time.  I begged them to try another place to compare.  

The meat resembled rolled up frozen deli meat of poor quality.  Nothing fresh, very tasteless and dry.  The selection of veggies looked sad and very picked-over.  I was disappointed that there was not an option of adding an egg.  And the starch choice was noodles or plain rice, that's all.  Lots of choices of sauces but they still couldn't make it delicious.

But wait...  free frozen yogurt!  I could care less.  I eat at Mongolian grills for the Mongolian, not crappy generic soft serve.  And then to be charged for a to-go box?  That's ridiculous.

I will go to Genghis Grill instead.  Quality trumps quantity any day (not to mention actual service.)  Even the Mongolian Grill at the Banner Desert hospital cafeteria is better as far as taste and quality goes (not to mention WAY cheaper.)
I never get tired of this place. I always enjoy my meal and you can always leave full, no matter how hungry you are when you come in.
Visiting Tempe on work, I was excited to see a Mongolian BBQ, as California doesnt seem to have good quality mongolian places. I walked in and ordered a huge bowl - seemed like a good price at $11.50 for a bowl, drink, and rice. Food was great and cooked well.

The fun thing started when I checked my credit card that I was charged $29 instead of $11.50. Interestingly, I remembered that the lady who charged me at the hostess desk didnt even offer me my receipt. A few days later, I called the manager and let him know. He took down my name, address and how much I was overbilled, and told me that he would send me a check in the mail and call me when he did so. Two weeks, and I am yet to hear from him.

Most of all - no apology for screwing a customer and over billing him.  Needless to say, I am never going back when I am back in town for business. I have also let our team of 500 employees in the building next door about this issue. I am guessing a lot of folks are interested in never going back.
Amazing place. You make your own bowl, then add your own sauce. You can put as much food as you want into your bowl. Very well done.
Sometimes I get this feeling that it is a good thing to overpopulate a bowl of frozen meat shavings, then add a handful of veggies and top it off with my own improvised blend of sauce ingredients. (Yes there is recipes on the wall, but I always screw up.) I will say up front that this is a franchise, and I really dont like franchises. 

/The good
They encourage the attempts to increase the maximum fill-level, by patrons own ingenuity,  of the designated bowl.
I like that you can make your own sauce, and they have plenty of ingredients. 
You don't have to fit rice in the bowl, that you grab afterward.. as much as you want.

/The bad
I can't say that there is anything directly bad about this place. If you have walked in here, you know what a mongolian grill is and then you have accepted the terms of the procedure.  

/The unexpected
The price includes a drink, rice and questionable frozen yogurt (and unlimited refills thereof), but you have to pay 50c for a classic to-go american-asian doggy bag. 

Stay classy YC.. 
.. und das ist nach der karnivor kritiker
I love YC's! Its really good for the price.
The food is here is really good. The only thing is this place feels and looks old. I've been to the newer locations and they are much nicer and cleaner for the same price. But overall food is delicious.
First time visiting YC's on a recommendation from my daughter. I really really liked it because I could make my own bowl of whatever it is I wanted in there. The meat selection looked weird because its very thin shaved meat but I can do without the meat. The variety of sauces was great and you can even come up with your own sauce. The young lady at the counter was very nice and helpful after I told her that it was our 1st time there. She walked us thru the whole build our bowl process and even helped with our sauce selection. Without her help we would have been lost. We will definitely come back
Let me start off by saying that after reading some of these negative reviews it just goes to show how lazy people are or Californized they have become.

I have frequented this place since 97' worked there when I was in high school washing dishes, and have seen how far the owner has taken his business and it just goes to show that Genghis Grill and all the others need to up their game.

Prices have gone up but lets look at the cost of living and gas and all of the things that we use as a daily need.

Still AWESOME SERVICE, Meat selection has grown a bit, veggies are still the same, and newest addition are the noodles and sauces. 



6 ladles of YC's own, 3 of garlic, 3 of cooking wine, 4 of the orange sauce, 3 ginger, 2 cooking syrup, and 3 seconds of seasame oil. brings out a nice sweet taste with a bit of salty.

The saying goes you get what you pay for and I pay for a small bowl at lunch and turn it into 2 togo boxes. 


Jeff keep up the good work, my family loves your place
I revisited this location recently as a comp from the manager and, it was a wonderful experience.  The (assuming newer) manager runs a tight ship at this location, and it shows.

Patrons were much more well behaved than last time and the service was more friendly than I remember as well.  I LOVE Mongolian food but unfortunately any time I crave it I have to treck from the West side of town to the land of great Mongolian restaurants, which is the East Valley.  

Normally, I go to the location on the 101 and Indian Bend, but my fiancé and I decided that we liked this location much better after our visit as it has a more laid back calmer atmosphere.  Everything was clean and organized.

I avoided the fish altogether this time, and opted for steak/chicken.  The veggie variety was amazing and they have sriracha available as well.  Sriracha is my new found LOVE, and any place that offers it, is A-OK with me.

All in all, I will definitely return, and thank the manager for making me a believer and a HUGE fan of this location of YC's Mongolian Grill.
Awesome!  we rarely go out for dinner so this was an extra great treat as our 2 sons loved watching the chef cook their selection of fresh meat and veggies.  The chefs were very kind and talked to us while they cooked our dinner.  
The staff here is amazingly nice and super helpful!  We were so surprised on just how helpful and customer service oriented they were.  
Simply a great place, great  food and excellent customer service at a very fair price!  We will tell others and be back :)
Everyone seems to have their own opinions about the sauce combinations. Not matter what combination of sauces I use it ALWAYS tastes the same. I have taken bites out of everybody's bowl at my table (with permission, or at least warning), all pretty much the same. Not a bad thing, just tastes like YC's. Other than that, all seems to have been said in the other 90 reviews

Go for lunch, fill up on wontons and soup while you're there, pony up $.50 for the ToGo Box and you get three good meals for $10. (But I do remember when I could ditch class at SCC and hit up that location for lunch for $5, but then again you could get a pack of smokes at that Chevron for just over $3 back then as well. Inflation sucks, YC's doesn't, Man I'm old)
= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =

Wow, what a busy place!  I arrived before opening time today and within minutes there were MANY hungry diners on hand, and also, surprisingly, many folks who appeared to be Mongolian Americans!  I took that as a good sign for a first visit to a YC's.     :-)

These Mongolian BBQ only restaurants beat the similar BBQ stations featured at many of the Chinese Buffets by offering more selections of veggies and many more sauces.  YC here had about 35 food items out, plus sauces and toppings.  Meats available were sliced chicken (light and dark held separately) as well as beef, pork and, for $1 extra, shrimp.

I loaded up my bowl with white chicken, beef and pork, plus some of almost everything else for both of my times through the buffet line.  For my first bowl I followed one of the many recipes on a sign to make my sauce combo "Mongolian" flavor, and the second time through I mixed to the recipe for "Chef's Favorite".  Both combos came out delicious, and I also enjoyed some each of today's soups, Spicy Beef and Chicken Won Ton.

The lunch plan here is to choose a small or medium steel bowl to gather up your food choices for grilling, and to decide between once through the line or unlimited trips.  The prices include beverages, as well as two soups and white or brown rice (all help-yourself).

Taking a small or medium bowl, stacking it up squished down and sky high saves money, but you'll only be able to enjoy one sauce flavor.  Going "Unlimited" frees you up to take a more reasonable portion, sauce it up to your liking, and go back for a considerably different treat for your seconds.

The dining room here is nice, offering a choice of comfortable booth or table seating.  The staff is friendly and the place has a cheery vib about it.  One of my sauce mixtures came out a little salty but the food was delicious overall and I had a good time.     :-))

Small Bowl:  $9.09

Large Bowl:  $10.02

Unlimited:  $11.86

Help-yourself fountain beverages included, and the prices posted in restaurant include tax.
it's a good idea, I can see where people are inundated with too many choices, I know I was, and it felt rushed, and cramped the night I was there.  The food is good.
If you don't love YC's then we can't be friends.
This place was great.  11.00 bucks all included, drink,soup, and ice cream to finish it off.  You can create your own favor and all.  The place was packed.   We will visit again when we come to town!!!
My wife and I ate here to night with friends. I thought it was good, my wife did not. This is a place where you get a bowl to add all the raw items you want to have cooked on a very large flat stone surface. Then you add sauces for from a large variety to a separate bowl to add to your raw items when cooked. They have suggestions but you don't have to follow this. I created my own and I was sure to dip my finger in my sauce bowl to check the state. Be sure to do this as the sauce needs to be pretty strong because a lot of it will be lost when it is cooked on the flat stone. My wife failed to do this and hers turned out to be not very flavorful. Overall it was good for me and I would come back. It would be especially good for gluten free eating or low carb as everything is clearly marked GF or not and most of the items are low carb.
Great place to eat when you're really hungry. I'm a big guy and a small bowl packed is plenty of food. You feel like you're eating healthy but the sodium content is really high so don't be too fooled.
I love coming here. I was craving Asian food but most places were closed so we decided to come here. As usual I want disappointed. It's a nice change from, well pretty much everything!
Lets just say that this place was like home to me for 4 years when I was in COLLEGE. The food is great and if you pack the bowl high enough it will last you for days. Five stars aren't enough. The only negative thing I have to say is, WHY ISN'T THERE A YC'S IN CHICAGO YET?
When I was the young age of 3, my mom brought me to YC's. I have been going ever since. This place is such a pleasant change from all the typical restaurants where you sit down, order from a set menu, and then get served your meal. Here you get to branch out and build your own Mongolian stir-fry from a huge selection of raw ingredients from the buffet style food line. There's meat, tons of vegetable selections, other toppings, and various types of noodles to add. But the personalization doesn't stop there. You then get to create your own sauce either on your own or using any of YC's own personal recipes. At this point, you hand over your bowl to one of their "grill warriors" and watch them bring your stir-fry to life on the giant grills. The finished product always is perfectly cooked, has epic taste and flavor because it has EXACTLY what you want, and keeps you coming back! YC's also has crispy wontons, rice, and chopsticks (of course) to complete the meal! This is a place I will never get tired of because the possibilities are endless. Their facility is always clean and staff is welcoming and helpful. Not to mention, it is very affordable. I highly recommend everyone to "mongo" at YC's Mongolian Grill!
The food is typical of any YC's Mongolian Grill, but the reason why I'm writing this review is because of the great service at this location.

There is a staff member (server? not sure what to call her) named Janet that is just so helpful. While you're in line making your bowl, she'll ask you if you'd like a sauce prepared, she'll recommend sauces for your taste, etc.  She helps you bring things to your table, and checks in on you during the meal. Awesome service!
It's delicious! First time here, the lady at the front was very helpful and explained to us how it works. Love it! Great combination of meat, veggies, noodles & sauces! Yummy!  We will defiantly be back again
YC's is great in that you control the taste of your food.  The downside of that however, is that if you don't make a good flavorful combination, you're stuck with it (unless you go buffet-style).  At YC's they have a standard price for a bowl of stir-fry, but for an extra dollar you can have it all-you-can-eat.  The price they charge for a bowl includes drink and dessert, which is nice.  Unless you haven't eaten in days, I would recommend sticking to the single bowl since that is more than enough food for one person. 

They have a pretty wide selection of meats, such as beef, pork, chicken, and turkey.  At dinnertime they bring out cod.  I do wish they had shrimp as one of the stir-fry ingredients though, since they have such a limited selection of seafood.  YC's has a good selection for vegetarians too, since they have a wide array of vegetables, and have tofu for those wanting a little more protein in their meal.  

For those that prefer rice over noodles, they have white rice and brown rice at the counter where the soda fountain is.  They also have soup at the counter.

Once you've stuffed yourself silly with your own tasty concoction of stir-fry, you can head over to the ice cream machine for some soft-serve.  If you can't finish your meal, they do have take-out boxes, but they charge a small fee for them (a dollar I think).
While I love the concept of the mongolian bbq restaurant, YC's is not even close to being a truly good one. The food is alright - you make your own stir-fry from the raw ingredients and the guys cook it up for you. 

The service is great. Prompt seating, attentive wait staff, etc.

But where I really have beef (no pun intended) with this place, is with their meat selection. The raw meats and poultry are presented in this freeze-dried, thinly shaved manner, making it difficult to a) put enough in your plate, and b) really tell if it is good quality or crap meat.

The dessert - well, it's a frozen yogurt machine in the corner. 

I don't know - I guess I have been spoiled by BD's Mongolian in Ohio. Fresh meats, more upscale environment, and desserts beyond a frozen yogurt machine...

Eh.. I'd probably eat here again but only if I were in a group and the majority rule dictated it. I wouldn't choose to go there again given the choice.
Mmmmm, their mongolian beef one is really good.  Tender meat, perfectly salted peanuts amongst flavorful noodles!!  Can't wait to try this again!!!
I have eaten here a few times.  We always get there right before 5:00 when the prices change from lunch to dinner.  

They do offer menu items, and then have a bar of veggies and meats and sauces at the end.  They have instructions on how you can create certain sauces.

I have found it a little loud at times, and not very much for children to eat there.  For that reason we do not frequent there much now.
Yc's is so great that I frequently go there for lunch with my coworkers. I suggest getting there around 11 a.m. (or after 1 p.m.) to beat the lunch crowd because the line will often extend out of the door by noon. The atmosphere is lively during lunch and the lunch crowd is comprised of a diverse range of folks, from high schoolers, college kids, to professionals and the elderly. I wouldn't suggest going there for a power lunch business meeting because it can be hard to hear over the rabble at times. 

The meat is frozen in thin strips, but I actually like that because it means I can cram more in the plate! Use the waxed paper that's placed off to the side to avoid touching the uncooked meats while you squish them down in your plate to get value for your money. Do the same with the vegs you add -- you're not going to care once your meal has been cooked and it's subsequently being consumed and digested! Stick to the recipes unless you feel comfortable experimenting with the sauces, etc., and can cope with, or enjoy, the results. 

I've found that Mongolian BBQ works out well for kids. They all seem to enjoy being able to participate in making their own dinners. Definitely stick with one of the milder recipes, though, and go easy on the chili sauce or CPS may pay you a visit.

All in all, I've always had a very positive experience at the restaurant and rate it with four stars as a result.
This is the only reliable Mongolian bbq place I've found locally. This is a great place to go for a quick lunch that's not fast food and not overpriced. For about $7.50, you can get a huge bowl of food, a cup of soup, a drink, and a to go box to take your leftovers with you. I usually get two meals out of one visit here. 

The dining area is always clean. Nice outdoor patio.
There was a place called JP Lee in NJ and we used to eat and I loved it. I thought I would never find it again, but then I did with YC's. Same shit.

Here is a couple of tricks.  Ask for water chestnuts during the day, they will get them from the back. Make the meal so much better.

Here is my Bowl of YC's Krunk Slop that I love:

Pork and Chicken in bowl
Cover with onion and one scoop of wine
pat down

put veggies on. I go for water chestnuts and Bamboo shoots
Then 2 scoops:
hunan
thai
yc's own
soy
garlic
seame oil

sprinkle chili oil

put noodles on top.  (Egg noodles)

do all sauces again.

then put on the flat grill.  Tell them NO WATER.  Water dilutes the sauce and seasoning.  

This is a must eat.
I love YCs. My wife doesn't like going with me cause she is  embarrassed by how high I stack my bowl. I stack it to the point that when they are done cooking it they need to use 2 bowls! Don't be ashamed people! Stack as high as you possibly can. You will have left overs for a week. The ingredients are always fresh and I always get the Mongolian combo of sauces. They are great. Also, make yourself a bowl of brown rice and put a scoop of the chicken soup in it. Its awesome and free!
This was so good I wonder why Mongolian BBQ hasn't sprung up in every city (hint, hint Alabama!) When you go in you pay for either a small bowl ($9) or a large bowl ($10). I got the small bowl and still had enough left over for another meal. 

The ingredients are spread out in a buffet. You go along the buffet and fill your bowl with whatever you like. I chose chicken, lots of veggies and rice noodles. The trick, from what I can tell is to shove as much food in your bowl and then using the handy wax paper they leave out for you, smash it down into your bowl so you can fit even more in! At the end of the buffet are tubs of different sauces and a chalkboard with  instructions for different combinations. I am a bit of a traditionalist and mixed up the Mongolian sauce. You then hand your embarrassingly heaping bowl to the cooks who quickly stir fry it for you and then hand it back.

Can I just say oh my God was this delicious without sounding vain because really I sort of cooked it myself? The ingredients were super fresh!  There is also a small bar with soup and rice, but I wouldn't waste my time with those if I were you! The BBQ was delicious and fun to prepare!
It's simple: if you love Mongolian BBQ, you'll love this place. It's delicious. The quality is always top notch, and with the ability to create many dishes from the various ingredients, it's entirely possible to never have the same meal twice. Plus, I can get the big bowl, eat my meal, and take the rest home for another meal or two later on. That's a definite win.
How could you not like this place? You know what you like so you make your dish EXACTLY how you want it. The staff gets an A+ for being friendly and helpful.

I'd recommend piling as much as you can onto your plate when picking through the buffett line.  They give wax paper out at the beginning of the line to help compress the food prior to cooking.
My family and I really enjoy eating here.  Where else can you play with your food and not get in trouble?  Don't forget to purchase your doggy bag before you leave the register ($0.50)!  Trust me, you'll need it.  

Yummy Asian food that you can make anyway you like!  Make sure to use more meat than you think you have if its your first time.  It is afterall the amazing shrinking meat.  Lots of choices in meat, vegetarian options, noodles, and sauces.  Once your plate is cooked, you can head over to get some rice or ice cream too!  This meal typically last three days for us.  And for $10!

The only reasons it did not get 5 stars from me is it isn't always quick service at the cooking stations and buffet area tends to get messy if not frequently checked on.  But it is a buffet, so I guess that is expected.
Great food quick and easy, and easy on the wallet. will be going back for sure
I'm so happy that I found a good Mongolian grill!  I used to go to them all the time when I lived in Washington and I was worried I wouldn't be able to since I moved.  I actually went her on accident, I couldn't find the place I had been planning on going to so I went here instead.  That turned out to be a very good idea.

It's only about $10 and you can go through the buffet as much as you like, there's a couple different soups you can get, drinks and an ice cream machine too.  The bowls for the meats and veggies are HUGE!  It was nice being able to fit everything I wanted into the bowl the first time and not having to make multiple trips.  They have a very large variety of sauces and a sort of menu of how many spoonfulls of each different flavor you need to make specific sauces (orange sauce, teriyaki, etc.).

The staff was all friendly and made sure that everyone knew how it worked and gave recommendations for the sauces.  The guys grilling the food were really fast too, not that I would mind if it was slow since it's so much fun watching them cook everything.

The food itself was sooo good!  I don't know if it was the mixture of sauces I used or  the noodles or what but it was better than the other Mongolian restaurants I'd been to before.  I'm definately going to be returning here although next time it will be on purpose!
I'm really bummed, Yelpers.  I spent a solid 8 years in New York City where, shockingly, they don't have Mongolian BBQ of any kind.  I might as well ask for a unicorn as much as ask someone for Mongolian BBQ.  Growing up, we used to go to this exceptional place in Virginia Beach called the Genghis Khan that was the benchmark for all of my subsequent mongolian BBQ experiences.  It was all you can eat, fresh, tasty and came with delicious soup and this crazy homemade sesame bread (I know - sounds weird from an Asian restaurant, but this bread recipe was super authentic to the region, apparently).  Long story short, my idea of Mongolian BBQ is apparently a far cry from YC's.

Don't get me wrong - the meat and veggies are fresh, the place is super clean and the service is quick.  But shouldn't all of that be a given?  The myriad sauce options are a bit overwhelming if you don't know what you're doing (I was ok saucing for myself, but my husband was confused - good places have a person whom you tell how you'd like it and then sauce for you).  Since the place isn't all you can eat, if you mess up your sauce on the first go, you're stuck with your dish.  Major bummer.

In addition, the whole concept of cramming as much food into a bowl as possible with wax paper and strategizing on how to get the most bang for your buck is really off-putting.  Shouldn't you be able to try different things, graze and casually eat without having to think out your choices like a friggin' game of chess?  Or have to worry about getting a doggie bag for later?  YC's should be a game show the way people scramble to fit as much as they can in a bowl.

The soups are odd - seemingly leftovers from the buffet mixed with broth and then called "wonton" or "spicy beef".  The crispy noodles were stale and tasted of used oil.  We didn't even bother with the frozen yogurt.

A friend who's lived here all his life heard of my search for good Mongolian BBQ and responded "Why?  It's horrible."  I was kind of shocked given that a) he's a good eater and food critic and b) all of my collective experience having Mongolian BBQ up to my going to YC's had been so very good.  I just didn't understand.  Now I'm wondering if YC's is the area's benchmark for which all Mongolian BBQ should be compared to, maybe I should just give up.  It's just not that good at all, and this coming from the girl who'd break off both sets of arms and legs to have even a decent bowl of Mongolian BBQ at this point.

No fair, YC's. No fair.
I very rarely give out 5 stars so here is why I do for this place...
First off the people are friendly and that is really great...

Also, the ingredients are always fresh, the cook staff are fast, and everything is delicious.  If you are a newbie, follow a recipe... If you are adventurous, try lots of YC's own, black bean, Garlic, Szechwan, and a little sesame oil. 

I started out on Kublai's Mongolian BBQ in Hong Kong.
If I had one thing to change or add to YC's it would be to include an egg as an ingredient, white rice as an ingredient, and fried tofu as well.

Great place!!
Pack a Bowl. Love this place! Super nice staff, the manager always comes by and asks how things are going. Love the price and condiments are plentiful. I always have leftovers and they make for a great meal later that night! Packing a Bowl is an art forum and I have my technique down. Years of practice ya know. You have to crawl before you walk. Get some!
Absolutely loved it. Finally Mongolian Bbq that gets it right. You walk in and you're greeted by friendly staff, at least I have on both visits this past week. You decide if you want the small or large bowl and whether or not you want a return trip to the grill. If you do it right, you only need one trip but its really good so if you're really hungry or want to overindulge by all means pay the extra buck something and go for two. 

Fill your bowl with the meat, vegetables, & sauces of choice, pressing the contents of your bowl down with the supplied wax paper sheet to get all you can in the bowl as it'll condense greatly on the grill. They have recipes on the board you can copy or create your own. A staff person can help you create it if you have questions. Hand to the guy at the grill and he'll mesh all the flavors together, and hand it back to you steaming hot. Grab some spicy beef soup (taste like egg drop with beef bouillon with some kick to me) and you're all set. Free yogurt cone (dinner only) tops it off nicely.
As far as Mongolian BBQ places go, YC's is pretty damn good if you pick the right combination of sauces.

Basically, you can get a bowl for 10.75 or you can pay an extra dollar and get all you can eat. It really depends how you feel. You can try different varieties of sauces and just get small portions throughout or you can pack it into one bowl and hope that you pick the right sauce that you like.

I got the all you can eat because... it's only a dollar more. I ended up getting only two bowls worth, but I honestly don't miss that dollar. 

They offer a variety of meats - beef, chicken, pork and fish. I was really disappointed that they didn't have lamb because most places I've been to do. They also have a good amount of vegetables. I usually add bean sprouts, celery, spinach, onions (lots and lots of onions), mushrooms and scallions. Sauces - LOOK AT THE BOARD. I guess some people miss it, but they give you a good number of combinations you can do to make the type of sauce you want. Curry, orange, thai, sweet and sour, mongolian, etc etc. I got the X-pao which basically is a mongolian sauce with a kick. I added some hot chili oil to put in some more, but I like spicy food. I really liked the X-pao, definite recommendation.

On the side, they offer some rice, soup and some wonton chips with sweet and sour sauce. Drinks and dessert (ice cream) come with the meal. Grab it and enjoy! (Only warning is that this place is greasy... as all mongolian bbq places I've been to are, so go in there knowing that!)
The portions here are huge! Usually, mongolian bbq places give you a tiny bowl and I find all kinds of ways to maximize the space but here I pretty much don't need to. (although I still do and I end up with 2 big takeout boxes. haha) besides that, they give you rice and soup. so it's a good deal.

I'll tell you my secret: first you unroll the frozen pieces of meat and you flatten them with your napkin. Cover the bottom of the bowl. then you line broccoli with the heads pointed out of the bowl all around the rim. This makes your bowl bigger. then you pile up everything else you want on top. haha. :D
Got here around 7pm, the cashier got to us fast, asked if we knew what to do, and we were on or way to snag some yummy Mongolion Grill food!!!

There wasn't a long wait in line to grab food, or a long wait for them to cook your food! The resturaunt is clean, and the interior is roomy and doesn't feel cramped. They have vanilla, chocolate, or the vanilla chocolate swirl froyo in a cup or cone included with your meal.

The on on McClintock can't compare, but they are usually backed up with families. Since this location is a little more "hidden" you can enjoy a quiet night with family or friends while you enjoy your meal :)
I was looking for an alternative to Pei Wei for dinner and found this place on yelp.

For two adults and three kids 10 and under it ran me about 34.50.  Because I have kids and I'm in school right now, budget is an issue.  Even though this the restaurant is listed as a less expensive restaurant, 34.50 was still a little more than I would like to spend.  I mean, I can do 20.00 bucks at most pizza places with a coupon or if I just go to In-n-Out.  Still, it was cheaper than if I went to Macaroni Grill.

At any rate, the cashier was friendly and helped us since it was our first trip there.  You go straight down an isle the same way you do at Sweet Tomatoes, loading up your toppings into a big bowl.  Although previous reviews said you can do all you can eat on this portion if you pay an extra dollar, I didn't see it listed on the menu.  No worries, if you need more than one trip you either didn't fill up your bowl enough or  you have a freaky huge stomach.  I was trying to figure out how much to fill up my bowl and watched other customers overflowing their bowls to look like atomic mushroom clouds (with the frozen noodles last), so that is the way to do it. My first sight of someone doing this was a woman and I say loudly "hey, that lady has it going on!", and my wife shot me a glance I realized that hadn't come out like I had intended and I was in fact talking about the bowl of food the lady had--hey, I was starving and my enthusiasm got ahead of my brain.

The ingredients were fairly standard for what I've seen at Mongolian bbq places in the past, about 20-25 main ingredients.  Chances are they all taste the same anyway after they get cooked so it doesn't really matter what you pick.

The part that would have thrown me off is the sauce bar.  I'd probably still be there a day later trying to figure out what I'm supposed to be using if it weren't for the cashier swooping in and hooking me up.  She asked me if I liked it hot and then she started sloshing sauces across my bowl as if she were the sorcerers apprentice.  It turns out she was following a recipe posted on the board called fiery Hunan or something close to that.  There were about 14 recipes on the board. You just pick the flavor that sounds best to you and throw on those sauces.  At any rate, she threw on a swirl of chili oil in addition to what the recipe said, so it was extra spicy, which is what I requested.

What YOU want to know is if the food was good.  Well, that dish I got was to die for.  My wife and kids were happy with theirs too.  They got curry, teriyaki, and flavors like that.  I tested theirs too, but honestly, mine was the bomb.

The other items they have at the restaurant count as buffet style food.  Included in the meal purchase are rice, soup, fried chips of some sort (wontons?), and drinks.  They were all good.  Plus there is a frozen yogurt machine that my daughter visited 3 times and visited twice.

When all is said and done, I liked the food quite a bit and would like to go back again.
I have been to a buffet like this before, but I will never go to this particular one again. 

The food all looked fresh as we went through the food line selecting our favorites and stacking our bowl to the sky. We selected our sauces and turned it over to the grill. 

The cook doused our dishes with water, quickly cooked the ingredients, and returned them in a new bowl. 

There is a selection of crispy wonton bits, rice and soups for you to add to your tray at no cost. I selected no rice as they were all old and burnt to the pan. I chose the hot and sour soup because it is ma favorite. 

Free-range and refills on beverages. 

Sat down to eat, was not impressed. I could not muster to try a second spoon of the soup as it was absolutely disgusting. The bowl of ingredients were all bland, perhaps from the overuse of water at grilling, and I am almost certain the tofu had gone bad, The slivers of meat that my husband had selected tasted fowl as well. We obviously did not get to far into our meal before leaving. Had we not already paid there would have been several complaints from me, and changes in selections. 

We could have taken the left overs home, but opted to leave them instead. 

Suffice to say, I do NOT recommend.
One the best restaurants around. Of course, since you are the chef, I encourage newbies to follow the instructions on the board for the sauces or you will be the only cook  you can blame for the bad experience. I have my favorite combination of sauces for the best taste. Occasionally a long line but, who wants to eat at a restaurant that no one likes?

A must eat
This was my first time at this location. Normally I dine at the one on indian bend. Maybe it was just me but the "buffet" had fewer options. 
I got my food to go. I got the large bowl and filled it to the point I could barely carry my tray. I ended up with two large containers, plus a small container for rice, and a drink. The gentleman at the door was very helpful. He asked if I wanted a container for soup, I didn't because the soups were not vegetarian. I would like to see them have one meat based and one without. Other than that they definitely carter to vegetarians, they have a card you can take so the guys will clean the grill prior to preparing your food in case of allergies or you simply don't want your tofo/veggie creation cooked in meat. I would also prefer little cups to pour my sauces in rather than in the bowl to gain a better picture of how much sauce I'm using vs actually need. 
For just under ten dollars I have food for 2-3 meals.
Ok so I love me some Mongolian stir fry. My friend showed me how to pack the food down and stack it up high. We took our food to go since the girls were sitting in the car... Simmer down people the ac was still on :) 
Anyways when we got o my friends house I was so excited for this it smelt so damn delicious... The taste was up to what I was hoping for. What I was not hoping for was the worst stomachache and cramps ever 20 min after eating. 
I mean sure it could have been a fluke but maybe other people don't want to talk about their stomach issues but I have no shame. Well same thing happened to my friend. So I'm thinking it's not a coincidence. 
I may go back but only to test the theory. I'll take my nemisus here but wouldn't take  someone I was trying to impress...
down grading to a one star due to the fact that I have had a few people email me on here letting me know they too have gotten sick from this place! Eat at your own risk! Don't say I didn't warn you
I just love this place. Every time you go you can put a new twist on your meal by changing up the make-up of your sauce. 

I always get a small bowl. You can still get way too much food and save money all at the same time.
I do not understand why some people are giving this place an low rating. The food here is very good, very fresh and the soups are very tasty. 
A small bowl was $8.95 and a large bowl is $9.95. You basically try to stuff as much food as high as you legally can into this small bowl and have the chiefs cook the food in front of you, with 2 GIANT STICKS. Who doesn't think that is cool? It's pretty fun and challenging.

Anyways, The sauces there are excellent and have many variety of choices. There is a person on standby to assist you in choosing the correct sauce for your meal, in case you don't know what to pick. Avoiding an sauce mix up disaster. 

Eating here is significantly better than eating at an fast food restaurant. Also drinks, and soups are free. Including refills.

Service at this restaurant is excellent, 5/5 Stars.
The waiters are very consistent, helpful and very aware of your needs. 50 Cents to order an take out box. Not a big deal. Not to mention, the girls who work there are cute.

To sum up: 

Pros: Excellent Customer Service, Fun to go with a group of friends to try to out stack everybody else. Free refills on soup and drinks. Chief cooks for you with 2 sticks. Good value (if you can stack the food high) I recommend this restaurant, if your up for something new.

Cons: If you are new to this restaurant, and you don't know how to stack up the food, This may not be a good value to you. or if you prefer an real restaurant vs this type of restaurant. The food isn't as good as an normal restaurant, but given that this isn't an normal restaurant, This is not an drawback.
I am a huge fan of YC's. I work right next to this location, so we frequent it for lunch. My favorite thing about YC's is not only the fact that the food is fantastic, but they let you pile the food as high as you can. It's always a competition amongst my co workers to see who can stack their food the highest. You just have to buy a $.50 cent to go box and you have lunch for the next day. 

The staff is always super friendly, the restaurant is clean, and the variety of food never disappoints. I have absolutely no complaints for YC's.
Holy crap! just tried this place out for the first time. I had a gift card for ten bux and decided to use it. This place is the shit! I am soo stuffed as I write this up. 
You walk in and the bubbly hostess/mgr offered our assistance b/c we had no clue what to do. Very clean place. She walked me through the line to show us how to add the protein of your choice (freeze dried?) and all the veggies, noodles and she added my sauce concoction. I chose dark meat chix, chix breast, tofu and beef. For veggies onions, mushrooms, brocc, tofu, whole wheat noodles, rice noodles and whatever else I could pile on. Than I told her I like Sweet and hot sauces so she added mine on top. you swing to the cook and he takes your plate which at this point you can add pineapple, peanuts, cilantro. 4 min later walla food is done! you can go to the bar and get soup, crunchy Chinese wonton thingy's (the best) and a drink. Dessert is froyo!!!! all for $8. Go hungry and take home leftovers. I did!
This isnt the worst food I have ever tried but I definitly will NOT be going back there anytime soon.

I dont know how fresh the vegetables are but it is a good alternative to fast food. 
The meat is frozen and kinda grossed me out so I recommend the tofu, although I cant speak for its quality.

The service was fast and you get to decide how much of each ingredient you want.
This place really isn't bad. It just isn't great. If are going to go to any kind of chain restaurant then YC's is probably a good choice. You get to pick your raw ingredients and they cook em up for you right there. The food tasted pretty good but as far as the quality of the raw ingredients I wasn't very impressed. 

I actually would recommend this place for someone looking for a very fast meal (since the wait time is close to zero), and it's true that it's healthier than a burger joint, but I guess my bar for "healthy food" is just much higher than this place.
The food is fresh (except the meat, which is frozen, which is what knocked the place down a star) and the service is good. For around $9 you can have a bowl full of food, white or brown rice, soup, fried noodles and a drink. The place is clean and you can make your dish however you like.
We used to come here all of the time, when it was cheaper. Over the last year the prices of YC's has jumped up over two bucks. That's way too large of an increase for just one year. It is now $11.50 to eat dinner here. Even the lunch prices are outrageous, $9.50 for one trip. We stopped coming in awhile ago just because of the prices.

I always liked the food though. Vegetarians FYI, there is seafood stock in the YC's own sauce. I didn't know that originally but found out a few months after being vegetarian after I contacted the corporate office. They told me that the fish sauce and the YC's own sauce are the only two sauces with animal ingredients. Their veggies always seemed decent though.

Here is a tip: If you pack your bowl super full, enough that you know you can't eat it all, get your food to go. I would do this and they would put all of my food in two containers and I wouldn't have to pay the extra $.50 for the take out container they charge.
I think this is my last time coming here.  I used to love YC's and went frequently.  In the last few years I have been put off by the price and it just seems like the taste isn't all that great.  Granted we create our own food through the buffet but I don't think I varied a great deal on my selections, including sauces.  

I went yesterday and first of all was totally put off by the price!  11.50?!?!?  It's been creeping up there but this was outrageous and I think I was literally 5 min into the "dinner time" (after 5p).  After that the first thing I noticed was the bowls were smaller (smaller metal bowls).  I was trying to cut back but by the time I was done with veggies and meat my bowl was overflowing.  Then I noticed that the bowls they put the cooked food in were much larger.  I'm not trying to feed the block but for 11.50 I should get a bowl that will fit the food I want (the cooked food didn't fill the large bowl at all).  Or maybe be allowed to use a second bowl for the noodles or something. 

I ended up sitting in one of the booths along the wall.  Unfortunately a group of their young employees (my guess was they were teenagers, maybe young 20's) sat behind me and were goofing off, loud and had some really foul language.  I ended up having to move to the other side of the restaurant.  There were only 3 other groups of people in the place and they had to sit by customers?  Very unprofessional. I understand there was downtime but no one ever wants F-this or F-that as their soundtrack especially when it is coming from the employees of the establishment. 

Finally I went to leave and I while I hoped that the price of the food for dinner would include a box, not so much.  So another $0.50 for that (I've always really hated that they charge for this, especially knowing the high chances of people needing to take home the food).  

I've given the place a shot but I don't like what it's become and there is a different mongolian place that just opened by my house that I will probably try the next time I get in the mood for it.  Sorry YC's this is the end of our relationship. :(
I emailed the company just to let them know about my experience and the employees that were acting so unprofessional.  I was contacted (hadn't expected that) and was very impressed at the customer service and concern over my experience.  It restores some of my faith in customer service in general and in the care this manager had for his company.  I will give them another chance. 5 stars for this managers response and handling of the situation.
This place is awesome and fun! Pack up a gigantic bowl of all-you-can-choose meats/veg/fish and self pick a mix of sauces , finally looking at Mongolians fried them all! YUM! 

Very complacent with the amount and variety of food. :))) This is perfect for a tired and hungry traveller.
This place holds such a special piece of my heart. I've been eating at YC's since I was a little kid. Back when they only had the one location on McClintock...old school. Ive eaten here so many times, Im pretty sure that I am personally responsible for their being able to open two other shops around the valley.

When I was in high school, my youth group made this place their chapter eatery and I literally ate here every single Wednesday night. It also became a tradition to stop in here after a long weekend convention. Now that Im all grown up and advising for that youth group, it comes as no surprise to me that the tradition has continued with the chapter who still comes after each large regional event.

I love the food here, and its a bit of an experience. The first time you go, you should try to go with someone whose been before and has some experience. The price isn't cheap, but it justifiable if you know what you're doing. Ill give you a few hints: 1) Pile it high...REALLY high!. Not kidding. WAY above the edge of the bowl. If its a challenge for your noodles on top to balance, then you've done it right. This should wind up being 2 or more meals for you. 2) Get a separate bowl for your sauces. A lot of sauce is your friend because so much of it is going to be cooked off. 3) Try to avoid veggies that cook down too much like cabbage and spinach. Too much of it is gonna turn your mountain-o-food into a bite-size portion. 4) If you like as much broccoli as I do (thats a lot people), ask them to cook yours "well-done". Otherwise the stems on the broc dont cook all the way through. 5) Syrup. One of the "sauces" is syrup. Dont underestimate this because it will make your sauce nice and thick and awesome. The rest of the experience you will have to figure out for yourself ;-)

So why not 5 stars? Well its simple. I dont get to come all that often any more now that I live in Tucson. Every time Ive been more recently, it seems theyve figured out a new way to make a bigger profit at the expense of their customers. First, a long time ago, they started charging for ice cream. Then they started charging for to-go containers. Then they got rid of the "return visits allowed". Most recently, they got new smaller bowls. They've also raised the base price probably 4 or 5 times since I was younger.

One other thing I will warn you of, and I apologize for the graphic nature of this, but this place gives me (and all my friends) some serious shits. Theres nothing wrong with the food or how they cook it, but for some reason it just happens. The fact that its still worth it for me, in my honest opinion, should speak volumes about how much I must like this place.  Great option for vegetarians (beware fish sauce in the YC's own) and meat-eaters alike. I will continue to come back as long as Im around and/or they are.
This place is great! A coworker and I stopped in for lunch this afternoon and was blown away by both the food and staff.

You get a large bowl from the cashier and can personally stuff whatever meat, veggies and garnish you want. Then, mix a neat selection of sauces. Finally, watch the entertaining chefs cook your meal on a large heated stone.

Everything comes out fresh, hot and delicious! Want a tip? Use the wax paper next to the chicken to "stuff" your bowl. Everything will shrink when cooked and this will allow you to have a bigger meal for the same price.
There are a lot of reviews of YCs and they seem to be pretty accurate but I will throw my opinion into the mix. YCs is a really fun place. All of the employees seem to really like working there and they are always exceptionally friendly. 

The food portions are enormous if you pack it down into your bowl (I recommend doing son). Get a small bowl on the side for your sauce (you don't have to fit that into your mess of veggies and meat)! and that makes everything a lot easier.

As for flavor I think it's pretty good. I don't recommend going off in your own direction on the sauce, follow their recipes. Every time I've done one on my own it hasn't been as good.

If you like this concept though and want more for taste then go to Genghis Grill. The portion is slightly smaller but the taste is much better.
Does YC's stand for "yucky chinese?" 

That's what I'm wondering as I am slowly trying to put down this food. This is such a fun and exciting concept, and the service was beyond amazing, but wow... this "food!" My sauce to meat/noodles/vegetables ratio is about 100:2. Being that you're supposed to choose your own food/sauce, including the amount, it should be my fault; however, the nice young lady who works there made my sauce. There's a menu board of how to make your sauces, but since there are two meal sizes you can choose from, I think they need to re-doctor those recipes to fit each of the sizes. I feel like I'm eating spicy soy and sesame sauce soup.  

I think the price is pretty reasonable for everything you get: meal, drink, soup, great service.YC, re-doctor your sauce recipe and I may consider my return.
I love me some Mongolian barbeque! 

Real Mongolian though. This is very very close. But for some odd reason it never comes out as mouthwatering as the ones from the buffets do when its cheaper too!  So every time i go to a YCS (which is not usual now) at the back of my mind as i am eating i think why did i come here this is so expensive for something that isn't as great as another place that is 2-4 dollars less for all you can eat?! YCS even charges for a to go box REALLY?! REALLY YCS?? You want to charge me because i actually got somewhat full? You can expect my presence to be scarce! It is a disappointment to me really. I would rather pay for all you can eat with mouth watering quality Mongolian than someone who charges for every little thing. What are you gonna do next YCS? charge for a ladle of soy sauce?! Jiminey Christmas!


UGH
OK, this place has always been pretty good, and is great if you know the ingredients/flavors you like, but don't want to cook it yourself (Like at a Hot Pot place).

I have never written a review because I was eating there before I had ever visited Yelp, but recently they added a new "Thai Peanut Chili Sauce" and several seasonings that you can add to your food (IE: lemon pepper, cumin, and some combination spices).  This is a great improvement, and really increased my impression of their overall quality.

With these new improvements, I would say YC's is the best Mongolian BBQ I have personally had.
YC's is the best Mongolian BBQ restaurant on this side of the valley.  Yes the meats are shaved and frozen, but that never really bothered me when I used to eat meat.  To tell the truth the other places that don't have super cold meat kind of freak me out.  The staff at this location are always really nice and help out all the new new people who have never been before.  I have taken several friends when they come from out of town and they always think it's a cool place.  The lunch bar is pretty great and always quick and fresh to get in and out of for me. For Dinner they have more options which is kinda cool, but disappointing since I always go for lunch. I'm not sure how many different combos there are for sauce, but there ate several boards listing all the combos.  They all seem to taste similar though no matter how I mix them up.  Which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  The standard menu includes rice, soup, and desert ( FROYO like Ice Cream ) which is a fairly good deal.

I highly recommend this location.
My boyfriend and I come here after we fight! It's actual therapy... we leave happy.  The food is incredible, the mood is nice and quiet, and you don't wait for ever...
This is good mongolian for a chain-like restaurant.  I have been here a fews times and I was very happy with the service, and freshness of the food!  I'll be back again. Oh be sure to fill your sauce bowl up to about 3/4 so you selection of flavors dont get watered down.
Excellent food, reasonable prices, and solid service.  The cost of the buffet/ unlimited around is $12.50 and includes drinks.  The food was all pretty fresh and the wait was minimal.

I will definitely return for some more Mongolian BBQ!
Man have I missed this place, and was glad to see they are still open.  I used to go to the one at metrocenter a LLLLLOOOOONNNNNGGGGG tome ago, so I was psyched to find this one out near where i was staying.  I have to say it was even better than i remembered.  Keep up the good work YCs!
I love YC's, love that you can pick your items, your sauce and give it to them to cook. Went out on a Friday with a friend that moved to the valley a few months back, I like exposing her to places she might not try on her own. 

I got my bowl, filled it up with beef & chicken tons of veggies, showed my friend that we can use each other's bowls to mush our pile of food, and added some noodles to my dish, got some chili oil and made a sauce mixture. Walked it over to the grill, hit with pineapples & cilantro and handed it over to let the magic begin! 

I got a small bowl of brown rice, I like that you can pick too, either brown or white, some of the fried won tons and sweet & sour cause and had me a good meal! 

I don't think I have ever had a bad meal at YC's. Everything comes out perfectly delish! Oh yes and my friend, she loved it too!
I love this place. You can pick your meats, veggies, noodles and sauce. You can make it the way that you like it and not feel like you have to pick things out that you don't like. 
This is what you do to get the cheapest food ever. So you pay 10.50 for a togo meal. Which includes a drink, soup, rice and your food. Grab and bowl and start piling you food and I mean pile. Basically what fits in you bowl is yours. You usually end up with 2 sometimes even 3 or 4 meals this was. I have seen bowl that make me wonder how that even fits. Anywho..... If you end up with 3 meals then in reality you only paid 3.50 per meal.
I go here with my pals from my Camaro Car Club when we're at the Pavilions and its a great place to grab some grub and chow down. The staff is very friendly and they keep the place hopping. Good food for the price and the next thing you know you've got a hot plate of food and cooked in front of your very eyes. Way to go YC's! I'm definitely a fan that's for sure and look forward to seeing you again soon!
I have tried every other mongolian bbq in the valley and none compare to YC's. It is just plain better. Price is right for the portion. I pay extra for the box and go nutts at the line and take home the extra. Meat is always the best quality, the veggies are always fresh. Though busy at peak times, they always get you through the line quick. 

YC's needs a seafood night with lobster and shrimp etc. I'd pay allot more a coupel times a month to step it up.

As for the frozen yogurt, don't bother. They need to pick up the brand Sweet Tomatoes uses and add a little fixin bar and I would pay the extra for dessert.
This may not be the best Mongo Bongo I have ever had but it is the best in PHX. The staff is always nice and helpful and you don't like the meal, well you made it, try again. 
It is not cheap but reasonable for what you get. I drag my friends there once and they always want to go back. 
Give it a shot you wont be sorry.
We have been going to this place for years and absolutely love the food. However, the service, not so much. Just went there tonight and we feel like we got nickel and dimes. For one, their prices keep climbing, and two, they charged us for the left over containers. Get this, I saw someone ask for some left over containers and the broad who charged us for ours just gave them some no charge. The staff has some integrity issues. With those prices, you could go to PF Changs for a nice sit down meal.  This was our last visit.  P.s. This review is referring to the one on Mclintock in Tempe.
There is a reason YCs is better than a place like Genghis Grill. The reason isnt the meat or the vegetables. Its the fact that you can take it to go. And some say oh you only get to go up once. But that only makes it better, half of the fun is making your plate as big and high as possible. And lets be honest going up many times you are still not getting as much as you do when you get to take it to go. Its smart marketing by Genghis Grill but you really arent getting the same amount as you would at YCs. YCs does taste great and It is the only place that I consistently go on a weekly basis. Even if it is a little expensive it is totally worth it.
Lots of variety. Yummy sauces to mix. Excellent staff. Great prices
Every time I go to YC''s I always have a great experience. Service is great, food is good, place is always clean! The price is the best because it's not expensive but the food is awesome. Making your own sauces is a fun experience also.
One of my friends took my to YC's years ago during my time at ASU. I was skeptical and scared to try something new. Since then this has remained one of my favorite places to eat.

The place looks very confusing to new comers, so it's always good to go with a YC's veteran to show you the ropes. :) Take as much meat as you want, as much veggies, noodles and then it's up to you to make your own mixture of saucy goodness before handing it over to the good people that man the frying station. They have a plethora of great ingredients to make a delicious sauce for your stir fry. Ginger, Orange, Garlic, Sweet and Sour, and lots others. Above the cooking stations are steps to make different styles of sauce, but I always like going with my instincts and making my own. It's just more fun. 

They also have soup, chinese noodles and white, brown rice to go with your meal and a drink comes with the cost. Love that. 

I always leave full and usually have lots leftover to bring home. Its fun to get creative with your food here, watch it being cooked, and loving how it tastes. All for a great price. I can't say enough great things about YCs.
Make your bowl. The place was big and clean. Very polite staff.
Do you like fresh veggies?

Do you like your meat cooked on a mongolian grill?

Do you like to experiment with your type of sauces?

Then YC's Mongolian Grill is just for you!!

I love this place! I have been a fan for many years, and now it's just right around the corner from my office, making it another fast lunch time place!

For this trip , I grabbed a large bowl and a to go box, put some beef in the bottle of the bowl, hit it with some great looking veggies, didn't skimp on the mushrooms or onions either, piled on the wheat noodles, drizzled some hot chili oil on top, sprinkled some cilantro and pineapples on it, in a smaller bowl hooked me up some spicy Hunan sauce (which I make a tab bit more spicier than whats on the overhead menu, gave it to the guy and watch the magic happen while my lunch was being prepared! Walked to the side, grabbed a bowl of brown rice and some fried won tons & sweet sour sauce! 

At this point, I halved my rice & bowl of food into the to go box to make sure I have lunch for tomorrow and lunch for today! Can't beat that! 2 meals, one price! Just word of advice, if you think you might need a to go box, get it when you 1st pay, it makes things easier! I promise!

Yum Yum YCs, looking forward to the next time I come back!
Its fun to make your own bowl, controlling how much meat and what type of veggies go in it.  The Sauce station is where the magic happens, so much to pick from.  Then after all the goodness is jammed into your bowl you hand it off to the cook to fry it up which takes about 3 minutes.  The wait staff is really fun and outgoing and since it was our first time, our waitress showed us the ropes.  My wife and I will be back for sure.
Hands down 5 stars for this place. Whenever I visit Phoenix nowadays, this is a must go place!

The secret is a few scoops of curry sauce, few scoops of spicy thai, a dollop of garlic, a whole lot of dry pepper flakes, loads of veggies and a request to make it very well done....this place makes a mean stir fry!! I love it!! love it!! The problem is that I over eat and I am too sleepy to work afterwards.
Delicious, hot, affordable and filling! 

Pro Tip:  Opt for the dinner sized bowl and also buy a to go container too.  Then cram as much stuff as you can in your silver bowl before they cook it.  Then fill half of the to go container with rice and pour all your leftovers into the take out container when you are done eating.  Viola!  Ready made lunch for tomorrow.  :)
OK, I really wanted to give this place 4 or 5 stars. Been coming here for years. Affordable and delicious! Especially love the Spicy Hunan Sauce. Always have had a great experience.

Today, I went to this location with two of my coworkers. One of them has severe peanut and seafood allergies. 

The staff was very accomodating at first: They gave her an "Allergy Warning" tag and instructed her which sauces to steer clear of (a previous reviewer mentioned that some of YC's sauces have fish stock in them). 

Once we got to the grill where your bowl is cooked was where trouble hit. One of the two gentlemen said, in Spanish, "Just cook it on this used one. And play dumb like you don't understand them!" 

Beyond inappropriate and dangerous! 

Unfortunately for these clowns, two out of the three "snowflakes" speak Spanish and we called them on it.  They were very cautious after this, but it still left a bad taste in our mouths. 

Will I come back? Likely, 'cause . . .

1) I'm a sucka, 
2) LOVE stir fry, and 
3) It's close to my house. 

Bottom line: If you have allergies, WATCH OUT!
The grillers were not so skilled today but always a good meal.  I had some of my daughter's veggies in my bowl.
Always get a box to go immediately because I get so much food. Quality seems decent but hey as a college you can't go wrong. You pick all the ingredients and they have a board with all the recipes that they offer. I like to full a separate bowl for sauces that way I can really stuff my bowl because once again IM cheap and most of us go here to pile up as much as possible. Also check out the jalapenos and pineapples by the cook line, if you haven't tried it its worth a stop.
I visit one of the YC's locations almost every month. The process of picking your own ingredients and sauces, having them grilled for you, and the ultra fresh taste of food just cooked is unique. An amazing value at about $10! Their hot mustard sauce is spot on.
Stopped in here early on a Saturday morning to grab lunch, and was pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant was clean, and we were greeted by a friendly hostess as soon as we entered.  She was very helpful answering the few questions we had, and then we moved on to the ingredient bar.   All the ingredients looked very appetizing, and the vegetables were fresh and nicely sliced.   They really have a great selection of seasonings and sauces.   16 sauces in all, so you can mix and match to your hearts content and come up with some fun stuff!  The cooking area was very clean, and the cook prepared the food quickly and cooked it just right.  The vegetables were cooked, but still just a bit crisp, and all the meat tender.    There's plenty of brown or white rice to go with the entree as well.   Really a nice place to stop and eat.
YCs if the food didn't taste well you seasoned it wrong. How can you not love this place.
The food here is great if you know what you're doing. I've been here many times and it took multiple times for me to figure out what flavors taste good and ones that aren't as good. Luckily they have a sign for your novices to follow on how to make your food. The staff is friendly and willing to help you if you need it. The portion is huge if you know how to pack your bowl down. Jump on that bad boy like a suitcase you are trying to pack tight. Don't be shy. For the amount of food you get plus a drink the price is fair. They normally charge 50¢ for a to go box but they've never charged me before. Depends on if they like you I guess. Just be friendly.
Ever since I've been introduced to Mongolian Grill, I've been hooked. This is the only place I've gone to in AZ 

I like that  the bowl of food is one price and includes rice, soup, drink and soft service yogurt. Kids price is based on age so you don't end up paying a ton for food they may not eat. If you need to go for round two, it's only an extra $1. 

The staff has always been friendly and helpful and facility clean. The staff is willing to help get you the right sauce. I think this is helpful for people who've never gone or want to experiment. 

I do wish this place provide a few more vegetable options and some more sauces. Some of the other locations I've gone too in CA or MD have double these items and can make for a unique dish.

My advise is layer and pack your meats, veggies to the best of your ability to maximize what you can fit into your bowl. I get meat, pack down, add veggies and then noodles and push down, add some more meat and then push down and then get cooked.

The grillmaster serves up your food quickly.  I've been lucky when I've gone it's been before the dinner rush. 

Be careful when you take your food back as it will require some cooling off time.

Plan to head back many times.....

Kids might dig the yogurt, but I didn't like the taste.
I have always been a fan of YC's.  I wrote a nasty review and I was personally contacted by the owner who apologized and wanted to make it up to us.  We went back to the same YC's and were amazed at the impeccable customer service.  We had someone helping us every step of the way!  The food is always great!  We didn't experience any integrity issues this time.  :)  I recommend anyone to go here if you have a great appetite.
= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =

Kabab Palace, right here in the same center is already a favorite Buffet of mine & it was hard to resist it to try this new place, but having had an excellent first visit to a YC's ten days ago, the one up on McClintock, I whipped on in here.

Last time I winged it on my own, but this time I allowed the lovely hostess/cashier coach me a little on the secrets of getting one bowl piled up a mile high (to save $ from the unlimited bowls price) and saucing it up to perfection.

There are so many different spices, toppings & sauces available here that you could come for years and never eat the same meal twice!  My sauce choice this time, from one of the many recipes posted up on signs above the grill area was (mostly) the "Red Thai Curry Peanut" & my staff helper had me mix it in it's own small bowl rather than just scooping all the ingredients into the food bowl...  good idea.

In a short time all my many veggie & meat choices from the buffet line were cooked  to perfection & served up to me in a large black bowl by the cheery chef.  WHAT A FEAST, & every bite of it was absolutely terrific!     :-))

I also had cups of their "Spicy Beef" Special of the day, Chicken Veggie" soups, before waddling out the door.  The dining room here was different than the one up on McClintock, and I liked it even more.  In fact, everything about this restaurant was absolutely 5 Stars.  Now I can't wait to try their other three Valley locations!!     :-))

Large Bowl with your choices of thinly sliced light chicken, dark chicken, beef & pork, plus many veggies & fruits + unlimited soups, brown & white rice (in their own bowls), plus fountain beverages is $10.02 & just right for hearty eaters or they'll even let you take some of it home in a 50¢ doggie box!

Also available:  Small Bowl $9.09, Unlimited $11.86.  (Prices posted inside include sales tax.)
First off...I'm not a big asian food fan as I have seafood allergies, but this place makes it simple to accomodate, and the staff is knowledgeable and helpful.  This is the second time I've been to YC's when visiting the Phoenix area, and I highliy recommend it due to the fresh ingredients and cleanliness of the restaurant and super fiiendly staff.  You pile/cram your bowl full by selecting exactly what you like with choices of proteins and veggies, and they grill it all up for you.  The staff can help you select a sauce mix to your liking (accounting for your allergies and preferences).  The lunch/dinner deal is great in that it includes unlimited soup, rice and sodas, so you won't go away hungry.
This is a family favorite. The buffet style allows everyone to choose their own ingredients- lots of choices of different meats, vegetables and sauces. Great way to get the kids to eat lots of fresh vegetables. The staff is very friendly and willing to assist you with preparing sauces if you have not done it before. Watching the chefs cook the food in front of you on the large grills is fun.
Great food as always, Excellent staff!
This place blew our expectations out of the water! On our trip to ikea tonight, my husband and I were planning to go to Genghis grill since it was nearby but they were closed. I found YC'S on yelp and it had good reviews. My husband was leary when we first walked in because there was no one at the counter. The super nice waitress/hostess was helping a couple of first timers (like us) with their selections. She was very nice and showed us the ropes and even mixed the sauce up for me. The portions were HUGE! My husband who usually can eat his full meal had to throw in the towel halfway because it was too much food. We both have hearty lunch portions to take to work tomorrow. The soup bar was excellent especially the wontons. For only $23 they provide you such a great 3 course meal. They even had swirl cones for dessert. The hostess made sure we enjoyed our meal the whole time and even let us have free to go boxes since it was our first time. She even threw in a small box so I could take wonton chips. The customer service was excellent and the food was fantastic. I definitely recommend this location!!!!
My husband and I came here after he picked me up from work, which was around the corner from here.

Price wasn't bad, $10.49 for the large bowl. Same concept as Genghis Grill, fill up your bowl as much as you can, select from chicken, beef, or pork. 6 or 7 pieces of shrimp is $1 extra. Then there's a variety of veggies to add into the bowl, then pick your starch, they had rice noodles, udon noodles and wheat noodles. After that you make your own sauce or the waitress/hostess can help you make your sauce. 

There's also a all you can eat chicken or spicy beef soup and also white or brown rice at a little station. 

Also included with the $10.49 is unlimited drinks. 

The price sure wasn't bad, but I'd prefer Genghis Grill any day. They just have better options.
i like lai lai's a lot, but my lady is not the biggest fan (she says it's not spicy at all, even when she gets extra red chili oil, which is lame, she just said). i don't really like spicy so that's probably why i like this place, because their sweet sauce is pretty awesome.

they have the best noodles that i have found at any mongolian place in the valley. the worker lady is super nice and always acts like she remembers me, which rules. their pineapple is too big, though. it seems impossible to find good pineapple in phoenix.

also, it's a little expensive. and they don't let you take leftovers even if you just get one plate. to-go orders are priced by weight.
Good food on the Mongolian bbq front the chinese didn't look exceptional but that's not why I went.  Staff was very friendly.  Doesn't quite compare to the Mongolian bbq that I'm used to in the SF area in California but for being in the desert it wasn't bad at all.  Well priced and worth checking out just for something different.
I have been coming to Lai Lai's for many years now and have never had a bad experience!  The food is always great, and if you mess it up you have no one to blame except yourself since you decide what all you want in your bowl lol.  Sometimes I don't make it in for a year or so but the staff always remembers me and that makes me feel very much at home.  Lai Lai's is great!
I was hoping that this would be a great place near to my home for Mongolian BBQ, but unfortunately it didn't quite hit the mark.  There are much better options in the valley
First off I thought I had already review Lai Lai but I guess not. 
Had I reviewed it I would have given it a solid 3.

Now I want to give it a zero. 

I don't know what happened but the Mongolian BBQ no longer exists. The hubs and I went in there this past Friday and it was all ripped out. 

They tried to get us to stay to order off the menu, which was just Chinese food...I reallllly wanted Mongolian BBQ. 

So sad. They are right down the street from us. No more Lai Lai for me.
I love this place. You pick whatever meats, veggies, and noodles you want. Then they grill it up for you. I usually take it to go they charge by the pound. It's enough for 3 meals. If you eat there it is buffet style and you can't take leftovers. Good food!

I went to Lai, Lai after I started my review and they changed EVERYTHING! No more buffet, or Mongolian grill. They only offer eat in or take out Chinese food. They do have great taste, but we are very disappointed to find out about the change.
I was sad to come back to lai lai's and they no longer had the Mongolian :( boo,, but i took my mom there and we were starving so we decided to order off the menu. My mom is allergic to  msg and they helped us with what we should order. and she didn't get sick!! woo hoo.. we ordered three dishes and an appetizer to share between her , my bf, and myself, and we stilll brought food home, and I dont think we spent over $30 bucks for all that food!! it was very good to! i love good cheap food!! Ill be back, they are always friendly.
YC's is a do-it-yourself Mongolian BBQ.  You just grab a bowl and start throwing the mixin's.  There is a wide variety of meats and veggies, noodles, etc.  You even mix your own sauce.  

I had only been here once before (at the Scottsdale location) and made a rookie mistake of not adhereing to the recommended portions as far as mixing sauce goes.  

My meal ended up tasting like a bowl of melted twizzlers, but it was no one's fault but my own.  

This time I got it right though, and at $7 (lunch) for the meal its not bad (pack lots of food on your bowl!  It "shrinks" when it is cooked).  You can even pay an extra dollar and even go at it all-you-can-eat style, but I have never personally progressed past the first serving....(I think there is also free frozen yogurt, but again, always too full).
It's inexpensive healthy eating. They cook up the food with mostly water on a very hot flat grill (also cooks with the sauces you pick).  This may be the one place that's healthier than eating at home some nights and is a good value.
I was so very disappointed. My experience with mongolian bbq has always been great - lots of fresh choices, cooked and chopped on a sizzling griddle, then piled high, piping hot in a bowl.

YC's was the antithesis of this experience. Old, bland ingredients, limited choices, no broad array of sauces and spices to spruce up your bowl with. I couldn't even bring myself to finish one bowl.

To make matters worse, the place has all the atmosphere of a warehouse.
I LOVE this place. The service is always excellent, the place is eternally clean, and you go home knowing that your arteries aren't turning to steel. And I love that they are usually playing classical music in the background. Plus, you get free refills, free soft serve/yogurt, free soup...love it. 

The trick in getting the most for your money is to pile the meat/veggies a couple of inches ABOVE your bowl, because it really cooks down once the guy throws it on the big griller for you.
we've heard a lot about this place, and finally went there, and it kind of sucked. hardly any sauces, and it's totally ugly inside. also, i'm not sure if the girl working at the front is even old enough to avoid child labor laws.

their pineapple was bad.

lai lai is way better, and so is genghis grill. avoid this place.
= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =

Stopped in here for lunch today with Norm R.  The descriptions of the place in Scott & Iain's reviews mostly matched what I saw, so I won't cover the same ground again.  This veggie selection is a little larger than you usually see at a (no extra charge) Mongolian BBQ within a Chinese buffet restaurant, but you pay a lot here & yet miss out on the 50 to 100 other items you would have had available at the Chinese place.  Also, the Chicken Vegetable Soup was only lukewarm.

Lunch:  $7.39 (no seconds allowed), or $8.39 (seconds ok).  All in all it was ok, once.
The establishment is spacious, the decor minimal. I do like the location; you'll never have any problems parking in any of the shopping complexes of MetroCenter. And no, the area is definitely not ghetto - I lived and studied in the South Bronx for years; I know what ghetto looks like.

 The ingredients are really fresh, the service is OK. I do wish they would could cook the lo mein noodles a bit more, it was too al dente for me; but I guess that's a compromise for avoiding overcooking the veggies and the meats. Being used to getting more choices during my buffet excursions with Rand H., I found 9 bucks (tax included) a bit steep; but this allows you repeated passes through the food line. I recommend paying for just one pass-through for the food line (a buck cheaper) and then doing what the ASU students have become experts at, in YC's in Tempe: pile your bowl high with ingredients, press 'em down, then pack on some more.
Very good Mongolian BBQ especially given the area it's in.  Wide variety of options for mix-ins. Reasonably priced as well. Free frozen yogurt included.
Close of one of my work sites it is one of our lunch options where out here. Admittedly one of usually only two places in the area I go between when here. The interior is simple clean and diner/cafeteria style. The veggies and meat are always fresh and the sauce options there are several to pick and mix. And if you're not sure some one there will usually help you pick a few options. On top of the noodles you can get at the bar, the price includes stir fried or steamed rice and soup. A lot of food! For about $10 total you get all this and a drink. Simple, easy and fits into the lunch hour.
This place is good.  The prices are great, if you know how to pack your bowl!  The vegetables are fresh and always filled up, and the sauces are good too.  Just don't forget that you want to cram your bowl as much as you can the first time through the line so you can get a to-go box for your lunch the next day!
AJ's has become one of my Sunday lunch favorites. I like going there because I can control the ingredients in my food. I have never had a bad meal there. The vegetables always appear fresh, and if you know how to pack your bowl then you can always get your money's worth. Even though I do enjoy my meals at AJ's there are some things that I think they can improve on. 

First, they only have three recipes posted on the buffet line. Other Mongolian BBQ places have at least a dozen recipes. I prefer a greater variety. 

Next, I really wish that they would monitor the buffet better. On one visit there was a family with many children. The parents couldn't possibly watch all of their kids. One of the youngest was picking up carrots with her hands and putting in in the bowl. When she realized that she had put too many in her bowl, she put them back on the buffet with her hands. There were no employees around anywhere. I went to the cash register to tell the girl about it, and she didn't seem very concerned. In fact she seemed bothered that I would complain. When I insisted that this was not very hygienic, she finally relented and replaced the carrots. They really need to monitor the buffet, and especially at high traffic times. They need to institute a policy requiring parents to assist young children.

I also wish that they would bus the tables more quickly. I went there last night, and there were tables that were not cleared the entire time that I was there. I noticed that there were only two employees working, but the lady working at the cash register seemed to be more interested in baby sitting her child, than clearing tables or monitoring the buffet. It seemed to be a slow night, and I really can't think of a reason why she couldn't have bused the tables as well. 

Lastly, the decor of the restaurant is a little off putting. The first time I went there I was inclined to turn around and go somewhere else. If I had not been there with friends, I probably would have gone elsewhere. I only stayed because they swore that food was really good. I am glad I decided to stay.
One of my favorite places to go when I eat out, partially because it's close to home but mostly because it's good.  There's a buffet-style set-up.  You simply pay the cashier, grab a bowl and load it up.  There's a good assortment of meats and vegetables with a number of different sauces you can mix and match.  Experimentation is key so repeat visits will allow you to find your preferred mix.  After that, simply give your bowl to the cooks who will prepare it for you and you're ready to go.

It's a very self-serve kind of place, which I like.  Everything's provided for you so waiters are unnecessary.  Drinks, sides (like rice or soup), condiments and an ice cream machine are all there for you.  When you're done, just leave your tray at the table and they'll pick it up.

They aren't trying to wow you with atmosphere or decor and what little service you need is perfunctory.  Personally, I like the no-frills, self-serve set-up of the place... you're not there for an "authentic Mongolian experience" you're there for a good bowl of food with (hopefully) some friends.  If you're going to Metrocenter for a bite to eat, this is the place
This place apparently used to be a YC's, so I've got to make my comparisons against YC's (which I love).

The setup is pretty much identical, starting with the meat: choice of beef, pork, chicken, and turkey (and I think there was a fish choice). I always go with turkey - by far the healthiest of the four.

Next up are the vegetables. At YC's, I always go with white onions, green onions, bell peppers, carrots, and tomatoes. Unfortunately, no green onions, tomatoes, or peppers here. The rest of the stuff seemed similar to YC's, with a couple extras. Nothing that caught my eye, so I went with just carrots and onions.

The noodles are pretty standard. Sauces come next - a few less choices than YC's, but there was YC's BBQ (which I assume is just "YC's Own"), garlic, ginger, a spicy sauce, and a lemon sauce.

The food was pretty good. The meat was cooked nicely, the carrots and onions cooked but not overcooked, and the noodles maybe a tiny bit firm, but still good. The sauce was not quite as good as I'm used to with YC's, but it's trial and error to get your flavor perfect, so it's possible I just didn't make the right combination.

I'd come back, probably reasonably often, but only if they added some more vegetables - I'm not a fan of spinach or broccoli or some of their other choices, so I really need those tomatoes and peppers to add some color to the dish.
Great place never disappoints because it's clean, food is fresh and it's cheap. No matter if you are casual or a big eater that plate can be filled according to your hunger. Let me explain. You pay the cashier and move from right to the left. The choices are in meat, noodles, veggies and sauces. As you pack your bowl with meat, veggies, noodles you use a thing peace of paper to push it all into the place. I recommend you use your fist! Yes your stronger fist! Push it all as hard as you can so more can fit into the place. In the end the little room that's left is for the sauce. And then give that master peace of yours to the grill masters and they will cook it to perfection.
When you get it back after a minute in a new fresh bowl you self seat and eat at your pace and take your sweet time. If you happen to be hungry like a bear you can go for round 2. I've never seen it done though but I suppose it's not impossible if you are hungry like a bear!

This is a cool, chill, cheap place to eat in my opinion good food. The value for your dollar is excellent and if you're humble simple person that does not need server attention or paintings at the wall you won't regret going here.
It's a shame to watch this place take the turn it has.  I have been visiting less and less since discovering Stirfry Paradise (both are about equal distance from the office).  The only leg up AJ's had was that it was a bit cheaper with the price of the drink being included with the meal.  On our most recent visit, it was found that is no longer the case.  So a lunch that was at one time around $7 now apporaches the $10 mark when you add a soft drink.  

With this price increase you might assume a higher level of quality, but that too was not the case.  The noodles were poorly stocked and no one seemed to care to be on top of it.  The rice was not fresh at all, it had that crispy "I left my take out on the counter too long" texture.  I'm afraid this puts one of the final nails in the coffin when it comes to my preferred Mongolian restaurant.
This is by far the best quality Mongolian joint I have visited in the greater phoenix area. It was clean with fresh ingredients and meat cut just right for preparation. It was about 9 dollars a heads with a drink which is fair for what you get in quality. They have handy wax paper to mash stuff in your bowl for those who really want a ton, and it seemed to come in handy for the people who wanted a LOT of food. The cook was fast and professional and the service was good, with a smile. I did not get sick eating here +1 star, there was no left out mess or ran down seating area +1 star, the soup was good, selection was wide, and soda machines worked properly +1 star, and last but not least - the oil / sauce combos were the best around by far with a nice guide to help you season your meal to perfection. I would have given it five stars but that's pretty impossible for buffet style joints. Check this place out for their cheap weekly lunch specials it doesn't disappoint.
The food came out tasting dry and a little old.. I was not too impressed but I have had some pretty good Mongolian grill before this was kind of like the McDonald's version of YCs taste wise.
Absolutely one of the worst mongolian bbq's I have ever had. The night I stopped in for take out.. I proceeded thru the fix ur bowl line as per normal, but to discover this frozen weird looking assortment of meat? No shrimp... I opted for the cod. I was happy with the veggie assortment and I made the 'spicy sauce' recipe as the sign indicated. I thought $8.50 for a take out box that wasn't full was a bit pricey . When I finally got it home, I couldn't finish it, it was that awful. Guess I will drive across town to my fav mongolian bbq in Tempe the next time I get the urge for that!
Have gone here several times over the years.  Not an impressive place, decor wise.  
Food is fairly good.  For the price, there could be alot more choices.
Sauces are fairly unimaginative.
There's a tip jar on the table by the grill so big that a blind man couldn't miss it.  However, you wonder for what?  How could you eat the food without it being cooked?  The service is almost nonexistant..  A tip?  Give me a break!
After our fav Mongolian place closed I was set on having Mongolian the night we came across AJ's.

It was decent. 

It seemed a bit over priced. 

The soft serve was kinda gross and the chocolate was out of order. 

The all you can eat soup looked like it had been sitting there for a good 8 hours. 

Will I go back? Maybe. 

Was I impressed? Not really.

Did I leave full? Yes.
I love this place. The kitchen is clean and that is the biggest plus ever because most oriental restaurants are filthy behind the scenes; this one cares about how they serve the food. The frozen meats are fantastic, other places serve slimy near refrigerator/room temp. meats. All the food is well kept and fresh. It is cooked high temperature and quickly so that it comes out perfect with no wilted vegetables; just fairly crisp and still retains food value.

So what if they do not have chocolate frozen dessert; the vanilla is just fine as a little bonus to the meal. I am from California and you do not get any dessert at the Mongolians there; which usually have B ratings and last time I got sick. Other places do not give you as big a bowl nor a wax paper sheet to help push the food in place in the bowl; I was impressed with this simple courtesy. They also give you a new clean bowl after the food is cooked, no other place does that!

I like how they serve it in a bowl rather than on a plate; it keeps the food warmer for longer. Yum! I saw young guys stacking the precooked food high in the bowl which looked like a work of art. The reason is they were taking it to go and do this frequently. They told me they loved this food and I said tell your friends so we can keep them in business. Again I love this place because after eating a filling healthy meal that does not leave you feeling heavy and sluggish is wonderful.

 I have eaten at AJ's four times now and never felt better. I do not give good reviews lightly; I am very hard to please and picky. What a blessing to get good food at a reasonable price. The decor is plain and simple but the floor and tables are clean; believe me that is more important than fancy decor that serves gourmet' garbage.
As I grew up in the Metrocenter area I've been going to AJ's for years, since it was YC's. It's pretty good. It's inexpensive, they offer turkey, beef, pork, and chicken, lots of veggies, and sauces for a myriad of flavors, fast service, and plenty of food, even for the lunchtime deal of one bowl per customer (dinner is all you can eat). I've had other Mongolian BBQ around town and AJs is the best. Since it gets 3 stars, I suppose that means PHX isn't exactly the place to be if you want amazing Mongolian BBQ, but there it is.
Me and my coworkers thought that this was a YC's location.... as it was not!!!! Presentation to me sells everything and this placed looked like a 80's retro theme on accident!!!!
Not a fan.  Pretty sure I was waiting for a food poisoning experience.  It was clean, I will acknowledge that.  But I am not sure about the frozen lunch meat you are offered.  It seemed gross and chewy.

No flavor after adding 10 ladles of sauces.  It was a miracle we survived, since we only went based on our GPS and not reviews.

Lesson learned......read Yelp!
I've been coming here with the work crew for the past 6 years.  Over the past two years it's gone from what I would have given 4 stars to just two.

My biggest disappointments are:
1. They have recently replaced the big ceramic bowls with smaller metal bowls.
2. They have raised their prices... again.  Less food for more money.

Normally I would fill a heaping bowl then spend the additional $0.75 to get a to go container.  Two meals for the price and I loved it.  Great value!  Granted, I still leave full, but now I'm paying more for only one meal when I could easily stretch it across two and I don't feel the quality of the meal now is worth the higher prices.

I'm done with them.  I wouldn't say "don't go", but I wouldn't recommend them as I would have several years ago.
First and last time coming here! The food wasn't great but what really turned me off was that they refused to sell takeout boxes to the rest of the people at our table after a couple of people from our party of 12 decided to purchase another bowl. Not cool. We felt accused of trying to rip them off. They even had a 12 year old (daughter of owner?) watch to make sure those few people ate their food. Seriously? I felt so uncomfortable. How are they still in business?
I hate giving local restaurants bad reviews but this place is in need of some major improvements. I also don't see this so much as a bad review but a critique that will hopefully help the owners make some changes. I wish more business owners would read their reviews and try to take them to heart. 

We went there on a Saturday afternoon and were the only customers. It feels a little depressing when you walk inside. The space is big but unfortunately doesn't have a good vibe to it. The walls are in extreme need of a fresh coat of paint and the bench covers are all ripped and fixed with ducked tape. Music comes from a radio with a lot of advertisement. It just doesn't feel good to be there... 

As far as food goes, I think most people would compare this to Genghis Grill, where meat is fresher and the sauce and seasoning selection is much larger. Shredded, frozen meat just doesn't look that appetizing. Maybe they are just trying to cut costs on all the wrong places. 

Price is a little too high in my opinion, especially considering the location of the restaurant and the quality of the ingredients. Then, also, please, if you are the manager and are reading this, get rid of the 75 cents for the to go box. It just seems unreasonable to pay to take food home that you have already paid for. I understand and know that a lot of all you can eat places have a policy that doesn't allow to take left overs home and that is reasonable. However, if you only pay for one bowl you should be able to get a to go bag, for free. Obviously this has upset customers in the past and I just think that 75 cents aren't just worth losing a customer.
In short, I'll come back. Like $12 for all-you-can-eat and a refillable soda. It's a Mongolian Grill, it's clean, and if you like Mongolian you'll like it here. The people were nice and everything is right up front, no surprises.

My only negatives are not uncommon, Mongolians should always have Parmesan cheese, I don't love premixed sauces, and it's not like the kind of place you'd take a date maybe.

My main issue is with all the other reviews, I see like two stars because of to-go issues, unfamiliarity with meat, people bagging on music and decor, I don't know how picky people are but there's not a lot of choice in this area for decent Mongolian.

Another thing-- having curled frozen sliced meat is normal at these places. I saw a one-star for not having to-go boxes on a buffet? Give me a break, you're eating at a buffet if you're going back up for more, of course there are not to-go boxes.

It's unfortunate that clueless reviewers will probably further limit already limited choices for Mongolian here.
The beef my husband had smelled B A D
After our favorite restaurant of all time closed down (Stir Fry Paradise), we turned to AJs for our Mongolian BBQ fix. I remember coming here when I was younger when it was a YC's, and honestly I can't tell the difference in quality. The prices aren't terrible either for all you can eat. I will agree that it is kind of a depressing atmosphere but good food nonetheless.
I've been coming to this place for roughly a decade. I've weathered name changes, staff changes and renovation and still come back from time to time. I went back there today and have mixed feelings toward the new management and what they did with the place.  First, I will say that, aside from the bathroom, the place was cleaner than I remember it. The mens room could use the floor bleached and the walls painted. Second, their latest remodel, while only slight, was done well. They could use some new bucket seats (tape doesn't cut it even if it does match color) on some of the booths.

AJ presented a diverse variety of offerings in their buffet. To my recollection they offered many more sauces (including one jalapeño - yum!). The cook did a great job, the noodles were properly cooked, and the bit of service we received as polite. The price per person seemed a little steeper than what I remember but that could just be the time since I last visited.

Overall, I'd go back. Though, I'd avoid using the bathroom.
Honestly this is one of the worst food dining experiences I have ever had. First off the place was completely empty and the cashier was like the 12-year-old daughter of whoever now owns this place. The second that I paid and saw what food that they had laying out on the line, I wanted to get my money back but was too embarrassed to ask the little girl. I looked so horrified that the little girl came over and tried to explain to me what to do because they thought I was confused. All the meat is in dried up looking shriveled curls it all looks the same color and the same texture I honestly wasn't even sure if it was the actual meat that they had it labeled as. All the sauces look really really runny and watered-down and the vegetables looked really old. All I ate there was crunchy rice and soy sauce. I would not recommend this place to anyone ever. There's no chance I will ever be back.
This place is great, but you have to know what you're doing. I recommend going with somebody who's been there before so they can show you the ropes. I'll explain how you're supposed to do it, for the new people:

1. Pack the meat! Do not just throw in a few pieces of unpacked meat, the stuff really cooks down. I usually fill the entire bowl of meat and it's pressed down and packed in almost to the top of the bowl. Use the pieces of wax paper they have there so you don't have to touch it with your hands, that's what the wax paper is there for. Also, don't be freaked out by the frozen meat, it tastes just like any other meat once it's cooked. It's like some of these people have never heard of freezing food before.

2. Put whatever veggies you want, you can do these in normal sizes and don't have to pack. I usually do mushrooms, bean sprouts, spinach, and cilantro. You should have a mound of food in your bowl by this point.

3. Pile those noodles on top. It should look mountainous, like you have 2 bowls worth of food stacked into one bowl by the time you're finished. If you could place another bowl on top upside down and have both bowls filled, you've done it right. Like I said, this stuff really cooks down. When it's cooked, it will be 1 bowl. If you don't like noodles or are on a low carb diet, pile on the veggies as high as you can without them falling out of the bowl.

4. Add at least 5 spoonfuls of YC's house sauce, then a few more of other flavors. I usually do 5 YC's, 2 garlic, 2 lemon, 1 sesame, and 2 cooking wine. You really want to get a lot of those sauces in there, as if you don't have them, they will put more water in during the cooking process and wash out flavor. If you're going to try to follow one of their flavor combinations, I recommend adding more ladles of the flavors they list, proportionately. No fewer than ten ladles of sauces.

5. Once it's cooked, you top it off with some sesame seeds and some spicy chili oil if you like spicy. Don't go overboard with the chili oil, the stuff is very spicy and will overpower the rest of the flavors and leave you with a scorched mouth and runny nose. About a tablespoon is good. Then add a tiny bit of soy sauce, and you're done. You've created a delicious bowl of food bursting with flavor. I never bother with the soup or rice, they're bland.

Takeout boxes cost $0.75, but all in all if you've done it right, you should have enough food for 2 to 3 meals, all for about $11-$12 out the door, unless you're really fat. I usually eat there and get full and still have enough to stuff an entire to-go carton that I snack on throughout the rest of the day. I'm a fan of eating the leftovers cold, but some people probably wouldn't like that.

P.S. Don't listen to the reviewers that give negative reviews because of the atmosphere. I've never understood those people. It's not like you're eating in the center of a landfill, it's just a little plain looking. Big whoop. Most of the negative reviews seem to be based on the fact that these people didn't know what they were doing. If you take my advice listed above, you can't go wrong here. Btw, there is 0 quality loss since they changed the name to AJ's from YC's. The only difference is that they added more sauces since it was named YC's, everything else is EXACTLY the same, I'm talking identical. I've been going here for over 10 years.
Some of the best food I've ever eaten. The portions are huge, so don't eat anytime before you go.  You pick your food out and they cook it right in front of you, plus there is always soup and rice and pineapple to have on the side. You get a drink included. It's packed on weekend nights, especially since there's a classic car show right out front.
YC's is great food.  You get to fill up your bowl with all the ingredients you like and watch it be cooked right in front of you.  The ingredients are always fresh and there is a wide variety of sauces.

Good meal for vegans, plus the soft-serve is vegetarian too!
I found Y.C.'s Mongolian BBQ to be decent, but not great. I'd go back, but it wouldn't be my first choice. That said, it's pretty good for Asian food in the greater Phoenix area. I've noticed a trend when it comes to people rating Asian food on Yelp! Those people from the area seem to rate the food much better than those people that are transplants. I was excited to try this place because it was a "mongolian bbq," however it doesn't hold a candle to the B.D.'s Mongolian BBQ in Royal Oak, MI where I'm originally from.
My parents would love this place. What I mean by that is that they live in a small town, so the build your own, watch them cook it is something different than what's offered in smaller towns.

For me, it was fun the first time. The second time, there's really nothing special about it. Take your big appetite friends, it's a good value for the amount of food you can have made.
I just love this place. The ingredients are high quality, and the fresh grilled taste is amazing. The concept is simple - you load up a bowl with all the goodies you love (beef, chicken, celery, green peppers, noodles, etc...) and they grill it for you on the spot.

Large bowl with a drink and sides is only $9. This is one of the most healthy deals I have experienced for lunch.

Lucky for us there are several locations valleywide.
Tuesday night and you don't feel like cooking? Head over to YC's.. fresh and tasty on the cheap! It's so much fun to because YOU control almost every aspect of your bowl.. mine is usually so full its toppling onto the tray.. there are just enough choices to keep me interested in coming back next time thinking, I wonder how that'll taste?!
Tried this for dinner again last night...

This is such a good, healthy meal and at such a reasonable price. The ingredients are so fresh and the experience of getting it right off the grill is really cool. Dinner was exactly $10 each and included the drink, tax, etc... 

The atmosphere here is nice for $10 meals. Lunch and dinner rush can get a little hectic.
This place is great, all you can eat including a drink and frozen yogurt for $11 is hard to beat.  Everything looked fresh and none of the toppings looked like they had been sitting for more than a few minutes.  Cooking time is short and you can go back as often as possible.  Highly recomend for a quick bite that is good and filling
It has been several months but I hadn't lost the formula (80/10/10 - veggies, meat, noodles).  Pat down some chicken-turkey (no taste difference as far as I can tell) with the wax paper.  Load up with mostly veggies (more green than red or white), add some wheat noodles to fill the bowl to the brim.  Follow with the sweet and sour mix but add some extra vinegar and orange sauce.  Add some pineapple and all set to have it grilled.  Fill a small bowl with peanuts and another small bowl with pineapple.  Fill the large red plastic drinking vessel with ice and low cal lemonade.  Then chow down...

My formula has more or less stayed the same since being introduced to YC's by Mike T and/or Erik T.  Both took different approaches and none tasted like the other despite selecting choices from the same line.  Amazing how three related people ended up with very different meals especially Erik T with cod fish and Mike T with who knows what kind of sauces except they were very dark.
I asked a CSR at Home Depot where I should eat and he tells me "you've got to try this Mongolian BBQ next door." I'm a little skeptical, but it was late and I was starving so I thought "what the heck".

What a pleasant surprise! I was greeted by the friendliest hostess who explained the whole concept to me. So as I go to pay, I tell her I'd like a soda with it and she tells me soup, rice, entree, bevarage and dessert are included for $10! Oh my gosh, what a deal!  She then walked me through the whole process right to the point of handing my concoction to the fellow that was going to cook it. Unlike what I had anticipated, she encouraged me to add MORE stuff... she wanted to make sure I got enough to eat.

I mixed it all with the Calcutta Curry and it came out great. Be careful though, the first several bites are steaming hot! Flavor was very good and I was a happy camper. The Manager, Peter (very nice guy), took time to sit with me and talk about the concept and make sure I was happy with my meal.

All in all I would really recommend trying this. Such a great concept, plentiful and good food, priced right and very friendly staff.
My friend KP loves this restaurant.

...he's the guy who can clap 12 times in one second. Very impressive. 

Anyway, he knows a thing or two about Mongolian Grill, and I have to agree with him on this one. 

What's not to like about YC's? Who would hate on this place?

Affordable, tastey, comfortable, fast. 

That KP clearly know what he's talking about.
I have a soft spot in my heart for YC's. I used to go there all the time on my way home from ASU. I, like many others, have my special concoction. All veggies no sauce, mostly broccoli, shrooms, water chestnuts, and baby corn. The best trick i use is to line your bowl with the crunchy wontons before they ladle your cooked food in to it! It tastes so good, but I am one to like soggy cereal!

Also, they'll cook without oil if you prefer, which I always ask!
I have been here a couple of times for Lunch. At first I had no idea why my friends were telling me to pack the meat so tightly into the bowl. I soon found out when we got to the huge scorching hott metal "grill? wok?" whatever it is my food came out delicious. The portions you get for 7 or 8 bucks are colossal! I'm talking Lunch, Dinner and a late night snack.......MMMM good
Been here for Pavillion's car show before.  GREAT Mongolian.  Love the recipes feature, love the atmosphere, cleanliness, the workers, the food is amazing and so filling, you always take home leftovers which are always great.  Definately a great place to eat.  Be sure to try the wheat noodles and the brown rice.  Their sauces are SO good whether you follow the recipes or not.   It's nice to have the wheat-based options too.
A new experience, in the end it was nasty, sauces were bland, and had massive diarrhea after wards. 

RATING: GARBAGE!
I know I only have myself to blame, because I've ate at Flattop Grill in Chicago which is the same concept - except it was like $15 all you can eat whereas this place was a little more.  (Somehow whatever I make at these places doesn't come out very well!)  Anyway, the concept is cool, but its not worth the premium charge they put on the options there.  I'd rather just go to a buffet that has something like this so its optional and its not your whole meal - and you can eat other things that doesn't come out all sucky.  :)
I work right down the street from YC's, but strangely it took me almost 2 years to actually try it out. I am glad I did! For $8 (including tax!) you can pile your bowl high with meat, veggies and noodles, then you get to play chef and make up your own sauce. I always have leftovers to take home for another meal which is a bonus. The price also includes a drink, won ton chips, soup and rice if you like. The food always appears fresh, which is a major plus. The only downside to this place, is if you hit it during a rush, you might have to wait awhile to get your food cooked....but it is worth the wait!
The food is so fresh and you have sooo many options to customize your own bowl.  If you don't like it its your own fault since you made it lol.  So much food for your buck.  and it can be pretty healthy if you use the fresh veggies and you dont pack your bowl  with all noodles.  Hot tip: add a few shrimp for $1!!  My bf loves it since he is into the whole caveman thing and likes triple meat and they dont have a meat limit or charge extra for it.  Restaurant is always very clean.  Would recommend to everyone.  That whole shopping area is kind of dying out but this is its best kept secret.  Hopefully yc's is here to stay!
I get really excited about YC's Mongolian BBQ. I love the concept, prices, and how quick it is on a busy night. They also help you choose your sauces which can be rather confusing if you dont know what you are doing. I am a picky eater so it is nice that i get to pick everything that goes into my bowl. Also, you really get a ton of food. 

No complaints, well maybe that there isnt one close to me. 

Check it out!
Ate at this restaurant Saturday november 14 and had my leftovers on Sunday november 15. Tuesday morning I woke up violently ill and could not hold in food or fluids all day tuesday. 

Went to the urgent care tuesday evening and they promptly sent me to the ER to be treated for severe dehydration caused by "probably a food borne bacteria." I just finished my three day antibiotic course and am feeling much better, but now that I have had time to look at the facts and speak with the Maricopa County Department of Health, I can confidently say that my horrific three days of food poisoning were undoubtedly caused by YC's Mongolian Grill.

The fact that I was told someone else got a case of E.Coli with bloody stools just about a week before my poisoning really shored it up for me. YC's is apparently serving tainted or contaminated food. I would not recommend eating at this establishment. I must also make it clear that my noodles which I took home were transported from the restaurant to my refrigerator (20 minutes) and kept in the refrigerator until they were microwaved and consumed.
Despite working about a mile away from this place for 7 years, I've never gone inside, mostly because I'm scared of places that are the only operational business in an entire plaza of empty stalls. I always think they must be moving counterfeit Matchbox cars out the back door or something.

But, I was at Pavilions for the car show and we decided to go to this joint. The hostess was super friendly, and set us up to go down the line. Tons of raw meats, very cold or frozen, and tons of fresh veggies and sauces. There is a huge board that tells you how to mix up various kinds of sauce. You can really pack a lot of meat and toppings into those bowls, even if you get the "regular". And don't worry about mounding it on there, because it all reduces when they cook it.

It is true that they throw water on the grill while cooking and I think this must temper the taste somewhat. I put tons of garlic on mine and I barely tasted it when I got back to the table. So, minus one star for that. But I'd rather water than butter, which is what you get at some places.

The price includes a drink, rice, soup, and some different toppings they have available after your stuff is cooked. We left stuffed and happy, so it's all good.
To start with this is place that isnt for those interested in the Ambiance,,, but for good food. Ive been going to this location for well over 5 years now on saturdays while I visit the car show.  I have never had a bad episode concerning the quality of the food, the employees or anything that restrict my decision to eat here,  The people here are interested in you, they want you to return. they guide you upon your initial visit unto how the process works.  Yes the food will cook and shrink down but there is  not limit to howe much you can put into your bowl. they even offer wax papers to use to push your food down into the bowl.
The qualitty of the food is good. I see them use gloves when handling food, I have seen the foods being stored in refrigeration unit.  and by the looks of the huge steaming grill they use with water to cook your food.  I could most definately say that its over 165 degree and I have never been sick. Im confident you will enjoy this place. and the leftovers are even great at 3am
they treat you more than a client but are actually hospitible and freindly.
Just tried YC's for the first time and already know there will be a second and third times to come. The staff showed me how it worked and I was amazed at the selection and just how much food could fit in the large bowl. YC's is awesome!
Pretty typical Mongolian grill joint where they cook the food in front of you. Large variety of tofu, meats, and vegetables to pile into your bowl. Many different choices of sauces to pour over your items. If you go for dinner, you will get soft serve ice cream to go with your meal. Staff is pretty friendly and helpful.
My biggest tip for newbies to YC's, look toward the grill and look up.  There you will find a nice little menu of sauce formulas.  Unfortunately, I never looked up.  As a result, I didn't have enough sauce.  In my case, that was a good thing because the sauce I did have tasted like crap, so more of the same would have been even crappier.

As for the ingredients, lots of choices with fresh veggies.  I have to say the meat looked unappetizing to me.  In fact, I had to ask my husband what the hell it was.  I guess it's a good thing you don't see piles of freshly sliced meat, else it might not be so fresh after all.  But in its frozen to minus 500 degrees F state, I found I opted for more veggies.

Two sizes available.  I went with the large, crammed my bowl full until it resembled a small mountain, and then wasted over half of it.  So get the small unless you want leftovers or you haven't eaten in several days.
I was really impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the selection of proteins and veggies! The part that didn't work so well? The sauces. Many were hard to get to and even harder to dip due to the height of the containers and the sneeze proof glass. I made a total mess (but I cleaned it up too!)Anyway, I didn't follow the "sauce guidelines" listed on the wall and just went rogue. This wasnlt a good idea. I ended up with a really bland, soupy mess. TGFS (thank goodness for siracha) or this would have been a big waste. The meat fish and veggies were great, but I made the mistake of adding wheat noodles- BLECH! No taste and kinda gummy-kinda hard.   

I would go back and stick with meat and veg and follow directions on the sauce cuz this place is clean and could be both healthy and tasty if done the right way.
I love the premise of Mongolian grills, but this one was just ok. I have definitely had better, and think that the placement of the sauce combination cheat sheet could have been better. (I didn't see it until I had already handed over my bowl for grilling). Having been to other Mongolian grills, I was able to put together something tasty, but if I had actually gone by the sauce guideline board, I would have felt comfortable trying something different. I went with veggie-only because I wasn't all that impressed with the meat presentation. The meal was alright, nothing spectacular and nothing foul. I'd give it a C-.
It's hard to rate this place because a good part of the responsibility for the quality of your dish is your own.  That said, I've been to other Mongolian BBQ's and have come to realize that the restaurant's part of the responsibility is a key factor!!!

I've given this YC's many chances:  followed more than one displayed recipe, experimented with my own concoctions.  Regardless, the result of every visit is mediocre at best.  My guess is perhaps the quality of veggies (even though they look fresh, doesn't mean they taste good) the ingredients of the sauces, or the cooking method, not to mention the noodles/rice, and ambiance, is the cause for my disappointment.

I recommend Genghis Grill @ the Tempe Marketplace for a much better experience!
:D
My boyfriend brought me here almost 2-3 years ago, and since the first time, we've visited this location many, many times. It's a great place to go when you want a filling, healthy meal for lunch. 
I've always been a fan of DIY/Cook it yourself places. (I.E. Korean BBQ and Hot pots.)

I usually try stuffing as many ingredients into the bowl, sometimes it requires punching down the frozen slices of meat you first throw in. And you have to get a lot of sauce otherwise you're not going to taste anything. When I first came here I had no idea on what sauce combinations to use, its nice they put up a sign above the grill so anyone new to YC's can start out from and branch out adding different combos.
high quality food (no msg) , healthy, quick, tons of food, inexpensive and always left with leftovers
I've got at least thirty people hooked on ycs! They need to come to phoenix the foods worth my hour drive but, I hate the expensive gas
I love this place!  I have been going here for years.  There is a reason why this is the only restaurant that survived in the Pavilions after all of the other restaurants, movie theater, and Best Buy were closed.  

You make your own mix of meat, noodles, rice, veggies, sauce, etc. and they cook it on the wok for you.  Prices have gone up since I first started going here.  I believe dinner used to be $7.50 and now it is around $10.25 (for dinner, lunch is cheaper), but it is a lot of food.  Get a to go box for $.75, which comes out to $11.  Keep in mind this includes a drink and a huge amount of food, if you get a to go box it is enough for another meal.
I've been coming here for a few years, and have always left satisfied (and full).

Starting off with meat, there's chicken, turkey, beef, or pork (and I think there's fish at night). All four of the meats are pretty good - they're all pretty much equally good, so no real favorite.

Next comes the veggies - my plate usually consists of carrots, onions, green onions, bell peppers, and tomatoes. There are plenty of other choices that I'm not too fond of, like broccoli, tofu, bean sprouts, and several more that I can't think of.

I always go with the standard noodles, but they've also got rice noodles that look like they might be pretty good.

The sauces are pretty awesome. My usual consists of some YC's own, orange, garlic, ginger, and spicy hunan. Or if I'm in the mood, I'll go with just a straight up sweet and sour. But it's an art to make the right combination and also the right amount, so you may be safer just following the recommendations on the board.

As they prepare the dish, there's a few minutes to put together a bowl of rice, a bowl of pretty decent hot beef soup, and some chips and sweet and sour sauce, along with my drink (all of this is included in the price). By this time, your meal is probably close to ready - top the bowl off with some cilantro, and there's your meal.

I haven't tried the frozen yogurt, but I think it was pretty cheap, like a buck, so if you're in the mood for dessert, it's definitely worth it.

Overall, this place is great - you get plenty of food for your money, and it's fresh and pretty healthy.
YC's is Yummy! Choose whatever you want for meats and veggies, then whatever combination of sauce you want on it, and they wok it up for you! I always buy a to-go container for 50 cents because it is a small price to pay for another meal and I always end up with extra. I recommend the wheat noodles, they are really good. The meal includes crunchy wonton chips with sweet and sour sauce, soup, white or brown rice, and frozen yogurt at the end. Its a good deal for the money! :)
I love YCs! Its build your own and I just don't understand how people blame ycs when THEIR MAKING THEIR OWN FOOD! Now with that said, I love the wheat noodles, the beef and chicken, and the mongolian sauce. The crispy chips are awesome on top of the bowl crumbled. It is a must to go..one because the foods good and two because its just a fun experience.
I gave this place a second chance. My first visit was a few weeks back (right before closing time, but was served very nicely by the hostess and a friendly cook).

Today, I was greated by a hostess. She asked what size of bowl I would like and if it was my first time. I chose the "medium" bowl (huge mistake... IT'S A LOT OF FOOD) and replied with a "yes". She walked with me and gave me tips on how to make a delicious combination. 

I am a believer! I enjoyed my meal and I loved the personal touch the hostess gave to my experience.

The concept is similar to Genghis Grill (mongolian grill) with a simpler selection of proteins and vegetables, and sauces instead of condiments. They have a visible board with a list of combinations for the customers to try. 

They do not serve alcohol (only reason why I would prefer Genghis Grill) over YC now, and it is fast casual (unlike Genghis where the friendly servers are always helping out customers).

Different colors and flavors for different tastes. I am glad I tried this place out.... Hope they keep up with the awesome experience I enjoyed today.
Nice vibe, good  protein and veggie choices and sauce options to make your stir fry your way, including the drink, soup and fro-yo what is not to like for $10.75. You will not leave here hungry and you will have plenty for leftovers. I will be back.
Well considering I am not a big fan of Stir fry after a very bad experience I had at a place like this a few years ago....I was skeptical about this place. My wife wanted to really try it...so we decided to visit this locale before going to the movies. I have to say for the 21.00 bucks I spent for the 2 of us I was not disappointed at all. The food was very good....the service was first class....and the meal comes with a drink and dessert as well. However do keep in mind if you decide to do the "One bowl, One trip" deal you can take your food with you....but if you do the buffet....and eat in then you cannot take anything with you. This establishment is within walking distance of the Ultrastar Cinema and a great place to get a great meal before you see your show. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
This place is overall fantastic.  Been going for over 10 years.  It is always consistently good.  Service is always great.  (employees seem to stay there for long time)  Hard to find a better, fresher, and less expensive place to eat.  Very good value for the money!
I am a long time fan of this establishment in the Scottsdale Pavillions.
I am a fan becasue it consistantly good. Contistanly Clean and I know that when I go back whether its two weeks or two years ikt going to be the same quality food.  I especailly like that occasionally there is a NEW sauce I havent noticed before...this time is a great peanut sauce.  

DO NOT let the New Load bowls scare you.  Yes they look smaller and they are stainless and look like a dog bowl but the small will fill you up and you wont be eating out of the stainless bowl.

Diffence between lunch and dinner is mainly the menu has fish at nigh and waterchestnuts and small corn...as well as a yogut desert. but that about it.  its all good and Im glad they are expanding.

Peace and have a great meal.~~~Izzy
A little pricy but you build your own meal.  It tastes as good as you make it.
My friend took me here, said I had to go and now I have been twice! This place rocks! The first time I went they helped me get started and gave me a free togo box, normally they charge 50 cents for it (which sounds weird, but isn't until you go).  This is a build your own Asian Meal place! AWESOME!! You can pick your meat, your veggies and your sauce and they cook it up for you- so fun and so yummy- each time you go you can get what you want, but switch up the sauces or keep it the same and since it is build your own, you will definitely have leftovers and they are just as good the second time around!
fresh, fast, healthy and consistent. Highly recommend.
I"m so glad we rediscovered this place.  My friend and I had been all grubby painting and were driving around doing an errand on a Sunday early evening when all of a sudden i start feeling bitchy.  Which means my hunger headache was about to hit.  We were in South Scottsdale at the time so we were searching for a place to go as is (pretty grubby) and so we hightailed it to YC's.  I hadn't been here since college which was a lifetime ago.  So glad we came here.  It was really good.  You pick different various meats, veggies, noodles, sauces and they grill it all for you. I totally packed in the bowl.  The price also includes a beverage, side of rice (they have both brown and white), and desert afterwards.  What a deal!   
Just fyi....if you can't finish what you got and you have to ask for a to go container they charge like 50 cents for the container.
For $10 you really get a lot of food and the staff is usually very pleasant.  I've been here numerous times and the food is always fresh and tastes great!  There are so many options here.  You can add as much meat and vegetables to your bowl as you want along with pastas and sauce.  I change it up almost every time I come here.
Best mongolian bbq In the valley. It is what you make of it. Literally.
Great food, great service and great prices!!!  Try the Chef's Favorite as your sauce, it's delicious!
Yummo!  Excellent choice of items with a ton of sauces to drizzle right on top.

Bring your hollow leg... it's a TON of food in that bowl.  If you can't finish it, you can buy boxes for your food for I think $.50 or a dollar.
I love this mongolian bbq...its my favorite one in arizona.  I have tried others and they never have the good variety of veggies, proteins or sauces like this place has...I do the combination everytime...I have tried other sauce combos and I always go back to my original way...I love to add the chili oil because I love spice...then I get some of the wontons.and dip them in siracha and hot mustard...yum yum yum...dont forget to use the wheat noodles they are the best!!! Always put extra sauce because your meal will come out dry if you dont.  They have rice and soup too, but I never get it because you get so much food! You get to have frozen yogurt after and its perfect because you get a little sweet at the end.  I love it...i just wish it were closer to my house but I will make the drive...
Love this place! I have been going here for years. I have perfected the "smash".  They have lots of new options. Everything is always fresh and tastey.  The lines go very quickly and the management and staff are always so pleasant.
Squish squish so you can Eat a Dish. How Crazy is that? They even provide wax paper just for squishing down your food to CRUSH as much as you can into the tiny dish.

I was a first timer and didn't know the squish thing or even had an idea what the wax paper was for until I saw OTHER PEOPLE displaying humiliating , embarrassing ,  disgraceful behavior crushing down food and then piling maybe as high as 10 inches above the bowl. Some people actually had to jump in the air to squish. ( I am sorry now I didn't video and send this up to You Tube.)

The meats and vegetables seemed fresh and I didn't notice any vegetables being canned (like at the Gag Us Chain) But I really didn't like the watered down sauces. Unlike the other stir fry places here you need to add maybe 7 ladle's of sauces to get the correct flavor and then you get a BOILED vegetable dish. YUCK!

I know MOST people enjoy coming here and doing the squish thing eating a boiled dish of food for approx. $10 but I can go to my favorite Chinese and get a rice bowl that taste better and is bigger and not crushed food for only $3.50 or spring for the whole lunch plate for only $4.95 so you won't be seeing me here again.

As for Stir Fry Places I like the independent Stir Fry place on Bell Rd is better than this place or the Gag Us Chain because I don't have to squish down food , I (don't) but I can go back and get as many Stir Fry's as I like at that place and the sauces aren't watered down so the food comes out better.

 To each his own . Different Stir Fry's for different folks Eat what YOU like!
Its good not as good as Geghis grill in tempe but its up there.  The meat is all frozen and paper thin it kinda scares me. But, the sauces and the noodles are great. It is nice that drinks, ice cream, rice and soup are included in the price and there is no servers so it makes it real affordable.
Note: they do charge you for togo boxes 50 cents per.
some veggies and yogurt are only available at night!!!!
I am a big fan of YC's! I love the wide variety of options for your bowl and the wonderful sauce options. I particularly like the soups, rice and chips with sweet and sour sauce!! I could eat bowl after bowl of those chips with sauce!!! I am literally getting hungry as I write this review...

I didn't give YC's 5 stars for 2 reasons. 1 is that their prices keep going up. I swear everytime I go the price for a bowl has gone up. I think the last time I was there for dinner a bowl was $11.50. The other reason is that you have to pay for a to-go box!! I think that is a total rip off!!!

Other than that, YC's is great and delicious. I would recommend for a filling lunch or dinner.
Squish food, thats what we call it, you walk in, pay for a small, medium or large bowl and a drink, go through the salad bar type line, picking out your meats and veggies, this is where the squish comes in, compressing the food in the bowl so you can fit more in, then take it to the grill and they cook it right in front of you, just make sure they don't drown it in water.  You will be full when you leave thats for sure!
This YC's, compared to the other ones in Tempe, has a better selection of diet soda drinks at the soda fountain (Sprite Zero Diet Coke, and Caffeine Free Diet Coke), and service is very friendly and speedy.  I believe the meat selections are the same (white and dark meat chicken, pork, beef, fish in the evening), but I like the selection of veggies here, which includes water chestnut and baby corn.  The addition of various blended spices to your bowl, in addition to the plethora of sauces to choose from, adds to the experience.  Yum!
Love this place... Great price, great food!! I mostly love it because it can be very healthy if you be careful with the sauces...
Make sure you mush as much as you can in your bowl, hee hee. :)

A fun and good place for some Asian!
When you come here be ready to eat! 

For those of you who do not know how this place works....you get a bowl and basically go to a buffet style set up where you pack raw meats and uncooked veggies into your bowl. You can put as much as you want, I wouldn't exactly say fit in your bowl, because the food is always overflowing. Once you have loaded up your bowl you pick the sauce(s) you want to use. There are recipes for different kinds of sauces available for you. After that, your food is cooked infront of you in about 3-5 minutes. 

After that you take it to your table and enjoy...I would suggest filling your bowl up with a lot of noodles, even if your bowl is completely filled.
$11.50- Big ass bowl, drink, ice cream, rice, and soup.
$12.50- Big ass bowl (unlimited), drink, ice cream, rice, and soup.

Random spouting off prices, I know.  This is all that I kept hearing about the group I was with.  I had no idea what was in store for me.  And then we arrived.

Since I drove, I didn't have to pay (score!).  I was just told to grab a bowl, grab some wax paper, and stuff- HARD!  It just didn't make sense, until I was watching what was happening.

After I saw tons of meats (I think I stuffed the bowl 3/4 with meat), I didn't get too many vegetables, as I just really wanted meat and noodles.  Then next I stacked it with a mix of rice and wheat noodles- I was living dangerously.  

Then next up, there is an area that you can make your own sauces (they have like 20-30 to choose from!).  I highly suggest dousing your bowl with liquids, as the pic suggests this stuff is cooked at high heat.  I regret not putting more sauce on mine.

Then when you are complete, you hand to a cook and they heat it up for you.  That is when you get extra rice, soup, and your drink.  The stuff comes out pretty quickly.

Then pick a spot and enjoy.  My beef/pork/noodle combo was pretty good, and was excited of the concoction.  Keep in mind this place is a trial and error type of place, and its up to you to find out what flavors work for you- I think that is unique for a place like this.

You can also get some shrimp, but it costs extra.
Since I am an avid fan of the pavillions car show I go to ycs and have for over 6 yrs.  let me explain why you see an update from 6 months or a year ago the and one from 6 months before that.   I've been involve in the restaurant industry for more than 10 years in one capacity or another.  I also have been trained in the old school French ssicsl fine dining so I know a little about more than just being a foody.    

You don't go to ycs  for a sit down dining type abiance. It is the food yet also everything that incorporates good fun and a great Experiance.  

Serves?  Well  it exactically,  but they will he you mak decisions based on what you tell them you like in flavoreds or spices they aren't afraid to point you in a direction it's your choice to take it.    

The food is cold and fresh and dated on the Cambros they use for storage.  They will scrape the circular grill if requested and usually do on a repeats basis.

Stack the food high and lots.   It will shrink as cooked. But Personally I use a small soup bowl for my ladles of sauces.   I have never been disappointed with any other people here.   Employees and guests alike.

Good food.  Fun atmosphere and above all else.  Consistancy.  Good.
 Logistically you
Don't have a place they does the business they do with out being above average.  There's just to many other restaurants to go to in the area if the wee just average

I see reviews here like too loud.  Not healthy etc.  yes moderation is the key.  Case and points. I will sometime's wont use any sauces or noodles.  I pile on chx and spinach and veg with some ginger and garlic and it's awesome and for 10.00 I can eat for two days.
Been coming here for 15 years....

Pro's
- variety on bowl options many
- quality of produce good
- staff friendly and helpful

Con's
- maybe a tad over priced by $1 or so.  Never liked the new smaller metal bowls. 

Will continue visiting from time to time...
What? I am  supposed to go out of my house to a restaurant and then make my own dish? Well...the fact i am giving it 4 stars means im good at it :) 
This place is amazing because of the large variety of meats, veggies, noodles and sauces and the experience every visit can bring. Takes just a few minutes and the serving size can be as enormous as your squishing abilities are. I have always ended up with enough leftover. 
This place is great if you know what to do, its also great if you are the adventurous, experimental kind. If you mess it up, forgive yourself and be back! For me, i have found the recipe that works and i'm sticking to it!
I fly here from CA just to have some really good Mongolian Grill.
I LOVE YC's! Some people do not enjoy it here but I do. I like the fact that you can choose if you want to be super healthy with veggies and tofu or go and pig out on meat and noodles. YCs is never disappointing and is now located by a fro yo place so win-win!
It's a little expensive to eat here I think but the food is just so tasty. If you have any type of food allergies - this isn't the place for you... too many opportunities for cross contamination so stay away. I hadn't been here for a while but during my recent visit they have some staff there to help you mix your special blend of sauce for your food - great idea YC's. So many people get hung up here so this is a nice addition. 
I also like this place because it's pretty quick to get through the line and start eating.
It doesn't matter who you are, who you're with or what you eat. This place is delish. No matter if you are suffering from heartbreak or new found love nothing can fill that gaping void inside like an overload of veggies, meat and noodles....and meat. Meat.
Inexpensive heaps of awesome goodness.  What more can I say?  I love piling my bowl high with tons of meat, veggies and noodles then smothering it in my own concoction of sauce.  I literally can't get enough of this place and wish there were more around the valley.
One word: Basic. I tried Pei Wei's recently and the dish I ordered tasted just like the one I threw together at YC's. Okay, I know know that this is "Asian fusion" but that's all I am coming across in the valley. A whole bunch of "fusion" food. Give me authentic. Give me something that doesn't taste like all the chain restaurants around the area. I would have liked to have seen some baby corn, bamboo shoots and water chestnuts available as veggies to add to your dish here. In the meantime I will continue my search for good Asian cuisine around the area that doesn't taste like a microwaveable meal from the grocery store.
There is a lot of variety of ingredients for you to make your own noodle bowl.  Everyone can end up with exactly what they want.  They charge for kids meals by the age of the child, so you don't sped a fortune on a bowl for a 3 year old.
Overall a good restaurant with good food. In need of an update though. Value is great.
Found this by accident and all I have to say is WOW!! You will not be disappointed!
Great Food!

Great Customer Service!

They even were playing some great 80's music!
I love, love, love this place!  Just be careful about hostess doing your sauce and putting ladles and ladles of oil on it.  For some, the draw to eat here is to try to eat clean, lower fat meals.  I only tried lunch yesterday but plan to go back today for dinner!!!! Super Ono!!!!
I was here for a Sunday dinner. Price to value, this place easily deserves five stars. For $13, you get to choose your ingredients to make your own custom noodle, hot soup, free soft drinks and two flavors of ice cream. 

It is best if you read some of the reviews here before going to the restaurant so that you know what and how to pick and how to make your noodle because it can be pretty overwhelming for newbies. 

Don't be afraid to load up your bowl-- Meat (Chicken, Pork, Beef, Fish), Veggies and 3 types of noodles. When it comes to choose sauces, just look up and read up the flavors to get some guidance. IMPO, sticking with a pre-defined flavor is a good idea than just randomly mixing a whole lot of sauces. It is going to be a lot of food, so plenty of leftover to take home as well.

Tip the cooks near the grill and enjoy!!
It cost $13 per person ($12.50meal $.50 To-Go Box)
Great bang for buck!
You get a bowl and literally stuff it until you have a big mountain.
You then put your sauce in a separate bowl (use the recipes they have listed!)
Then give it to the guy to cook it for you (takes about 5min)
I'd strongly suggest to either use 2 sauce recipes, or double the recipe you have
Once you get you're bowl back you will notice your food shrunk in half
It will still be way more than you can probably eat
Just in case it's not enough food, your order comes with unlimited rice, soup, chips, soft drink, and cheap yogurt you want! :)

Tips:
Use the wax paper to squish all the food possible into your bowl!!!
Look at the people around you if you feel at all lost (really helped me)
They only charge $.50 for a To-Go Box because people could easily fill a box with some of the unlimited rice or chips if they wanted to. (please don't do it though)

Everyone here was extremely friendly. Even the cooks said hello to me!
This is an excellent spot if you want to show somebody you know of a small unique restaurant (like on a date with an outgoing girl, or a guy that enjoys eating a ton)!!!
Me and my girlfriend would love to come once a month but it's a little too far for us.

Don't come if:
You hate buffet style restaurants
It's a Saturday night and you hate awesome car shows (parking lot)
You're a picky eater that doesn't like getting their food squished together
You only plan on eating a little
Fam FAV for 20 years!!!
I love this place! For an  extra buck you can get unlimited trips to the buffet, but lets face it, you are usually stuffed after just one trip.
Great choice for people watching their carbs too, just lay off the noodles.
YC's is just so tasty!

I have been going to YCs for over a decade and I've never had a bad expierience. love the idea of mongolian grill in general, but what is great about YC's compared to a lot of other mongolian grills is that the sauces are on the lighter side and everything is always fresh.

You basically make it yourself - so it is hard to go wrong!
You get a lot of food for the price but the restaurant is dirty and they charge you 50 cents for each to-go box.
The food is delightful. 
Make sure if its your first time you ask for help. Use an extra bowl instead of the "pushing paper" 

Food is always fresh and usually pretty high quality. I love the wheat noodles and creating my own sauces. The tofu is always delightful. 

4 stars because the prices keep going up and up and up... And the bowls get smaller and smaller.
Love this place! A lot of bang for the buck!
Prices are affordable, food is always fresh and staff is always very helpful & friendly.
Besides filling up on meat or fish and veggies, there is soup and rice and drinks are included.. Will eat here again & again.  You get as much as you can put in a bowl and if you want to take home the remainder it costs only 50 cent.
You can make it according to you own liking.
This place is YUM!  I like that you can customize your bowl and add the things you like best.  The service was very helpful as well.  Lots of great choices and the food was delicious.
I have been going to this place ever since I was a sophomore in high school (circa 2000ish). 

The food is simply delicious. I usually get the same thing and every time I'm pleasantly pleased. At about $12.50 per person (drink included) it's really worth the value. You get your entree, a drink, soup, ice cream (dinner time), rice, and wontons. The entree alone is a huge portion...of course you're in control of it.

They have many different things to choose from: white meat chicken, dark meat chicken, cod, turkey, beef, pork (I think), and tofu for us vegetarians. The veggie selection is also really good. 

I always make the same sauce: chef's favorite with a scoop of spicy hunan and some hot chili oil. Maybe one day I'll venture out and try a different sauce.
I've been eating here since they opened! Amazing fresh veggies and great flavors. If you master filling your bowl correctly you can eat and take home even more for later. Gotta love having control over every aspect of your meal. The staff are helpful if you are a first timer, so just ask. I love love love YCs!
Oh! It's been a while, my yummy friend! Thanks for not disappointing. Soooooo much better than any other similar concept. Please come to Tucson soon.
My bff Mike and I went here for dinner one week night a few months back, and we hit the doors pretty close to closing time. So close that we thought for sure we would be turned away. BUT the sweet young lady was more than happy to have us come in! I had never been there so I wasn't really sure what to do except shove all the stuff I liked into a bowl as high as I could make it! Then when I hit the sauce bar I got a glazed look over my eyes and some nice fella just popped up asking if he could be of service. He explained that he was a sauce specialist...we talked about every sauce and he made some recommendations off of the feedback I gave and started spooning stuff into a bowl. We took it to the cook guy and he stirred and sauted my goodies until they were properly cooked and put it back in a bowl. It was really yummy! And I can't wait to go back!!!
Get a doggie dish because you will need it!!
I was visiting from Minneapolis last weekend and the family tour director chose YC's because it would accommodate the vegetarian in the bunch.  She was thrilled to see tofu offered.  The cashier was helpful in guiding us to which size bowl to pay for.  The food was very good and I would happily return if I ever get to Scottsdale again.  You should go!
It's been a while since we've been here so when we came in Sunday for lunch our expectations were high since we've been craving it for so long. 

It wasn't crazy busy which was nice, I hate waiting behind people. 

The vegetables were fresh and well stocked. Instead of creating my own sauce I decided to just follow the board, I'm not good at direction but the Spicy Thai was wonderful. My biggest problem was the chicken, it tasted like jerky. 

We'll be back but next time sticking to a vegetarian lunch!
Since I am an avid fan of the pavillions car show I go to ycs and have for over 6 yrs.  let me explain why you see an update from 6 months or a year ago the and one from 6 months before that.   I've been involve in the restaurant industry for more than 10 years in one capacity or another.  I also have been trained in the old school French ssicsl fine dining so I know a little about more than just being a foody.    

You don't go to ycs  for a sit down dining type abiance. It is the food yet also everything that incorporates good fun and a great Experiance.  

Servers?  Well not exactically,  but they will help you make decisions based on what you tell them you like in flavoreds or spices they aren't afraid to point you in a direction it's your choice to take it.    

The food is cold and fresh and dated on the Cambros they use for storage.  They will scrape the circular grill if requested and usually do on a repeats basis.

Stack the food high and lots.   It will shrink as cooked. But Personally I use a small soup bowl for my ladles of sauces.   I have never been disappointed with any other people here.   Employees and guests alike.

Good food.  Fun atmosphere and above all else.  Consistancy.  Good.
 Logistically you
Don't have a place they does the business they do with out being above average.  There's just to many other restaurants to go to in the area if the wee just average

I see reviews here like..its too loud.  Not healthy etc.  yes moderation is the key.  Case and points. I will sometime's not use any sauces or noodles.  I pile on chx and spinach and veg with some ginger and garlic and it's awesome and for 10.00 I can eat for two days.
I love Mongolian grills, and YC's has to be among the best I've had.  Infinite combinations of deliciousness for an extremely reasonable price, and the employees are always friendly and helpful.  Drinks are included, and so is rice, wonton noodles, and soup.  I've never left hungry, that's for sure.

I only wish they'd open one on the west side of the valley so I could eat there more often.  

A great place.  Try it.
Love this place everything is pretty good specially the wheat noodles and sweet n sour or teriyaki sauce. You will always end up with left over and at the end you get a nice yogurt ice cream n everything for under $15 per person.
So I have visited this place several times in between my first review and this review and they have managed to keep their 5 star rating. Tonight was the epitome of it all! I could not believe how delicious my meal was. I did finally try a new sauce: Kung Pao, so I don't know if that was it or not but everything was cooked to perfection. It was the busiest I have ever seen the restaurant too. 

The staff, which was clearly under a lot of pressure, did not compromise their customer service at all. There was a woman helping out the chefs who was extremely courteous and would help you out with whatever you want. She kept the line moving and was very efficient. The chefs were also really nice! My mom has a food allergy. When you mention you have a food allergy they clean the entire cook top and get new utensils. Most places have an attitude because it's extra work for them. Not this place, they were very nice and were able to accommodate my mom's request. Even when she asked for the food to be cooked well done with not a lot of water, the chef said "sure" and made her food to perfection. 

Love this place!
This is a great YC's, their service and management were great! We came in with a ton of kids after a movie and we were taken care of so well.  I love the selection and quality and their sauces are the best, way better than any other MG in the valley.  The chef's soup was out of this world, through a few wontons on it, dang! Thats whatsup!
= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =

Dropped in for first visit to this busy YC's location, a little after 11 AM today.  First off you buy a small or large bowl & head over to the Buffet line.  There, I found thinly sliced strips of white chicken, dark chicken, beef and pork, frozen in separate trays.  Then the veggie portion of the serving table offered up another 16 main items, plus you find other goodies such as whole peanuts, pineapple chunks, etc. over near the grills.

To flavor all of this up there are quite a number of powdered & ground spices out, as well as an almost limitless sauce selection, as you mix your own from the many steel tubs of ingredients, according to posted recipes or your own whim.

You can certainly make a full meal of the small bowl but I like to pay the dollar extra for a large bowl.  Pile all your food choices high & press them down tight into the bowl with paper provided for that purpose & you'll end up with a serious serving of food!  (Yes, you can pay more for unlimited bowls but there's no need for that.  The beverages, soups and two kinds of rice are help-yourself anyway, so you're not going to leave this place hungry!)

I made my bowl up of white chicken, beef, pork, some of most of the veggies and a canteloupe sized pile of wheat noodles, all squished down hard to form a mountain sticking up out of the bowl.  In a separate bowl I made up one of their suggested sauces, "Red Thai Curry Peanut."

One of the grill guys cooked it all to perfection in a couple of minutes, served it up to me in a larger bowl, and WAS IT EVER GOOD!!  (Photo.)  I also enjoyed a cup of their Spicy Beef Soup, to which I added some brown rice.

Small Bowl $9.08, Large $10, Unlimited $11.84.  Unlimited help-yourself beverages included & prices posted over the register include tax.


This place seriously rocks!!     :-))
We moved to Colorado awhile back and I can honestly say we have not found anything like this. I've been coming here since they first opened as a kid. I don't remember if it was this location! My dad and I went every Sunday! Every friend or family member who walked my path I take them here for dinner now I live 1000 miles away and CRAVE this place!!! I miss it!!!! I think I need to franchise Denver LOL!!! We even got a free dinner for leaving a rave review!!!
Great place for lunch! You basically go through a line of vegetables, meats, noodles and sauces that you create yourself. At the end of the line a chef makes it on the grill in front of you. The noodle selection is great, ramen to rice noodles if you want them. You also get soup, rice and crispy noodles as sides. My hubby and I split the large bowl - which is 10.95 (this includes the drink too.) There is always enough for both. I think for kids, there is a yogurt machine too, never tried it. The restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly and the food is great - best of all, it's your creation and it's healthy. You can eat inside or out - nice place to eat before or after a movie - which is a few stores down.
Doing a happy dance!  YC'S used to be one of my favorite spots to grab a quick meal, until , about 10yrs. ago when  I found out the mystery behind all of my illness was food allergies to wheat, corn and cow dairy.  I tried to eat there and just use my GF Tamari, but there was still the issue of the grills having too much residue from other meals.  Recently my daughter informed me they had made a big change in handling special allergy needs and she was excited for me to go there.  If you deal with food allergies you will understand my skepticism, so, it took some time before I managed to try it out.  I am here to tell you, it was fabulous!   They are SO incredibly accommodating and helpful.  The staff were all cheerfully helpful.  Everyone was knowledgeable and aware of ingredients and respectful of my needs. The hostess put an allergy alert card on my tray and assured me I would be assisted with the sauces, which I Was. The grill cook was cleaning the grill before I even got to the counter.   He was cheerful and friendly,( and grinning at the fact that I was taking photos).  My food was beyond delicious! I had Panang Thai sauce, extra spicy.  They even have rice noodles!  I am So, so,so excited to be able to eat here again.  The perfect spot for before or after a movie, or to stop while shopping, or you know, if you just happen to be hungry for yummy stir fry done your way and don't want to do dishes.
Since I eat at Mongolian BBQ as often as possible where I live in California, I was excited to find a place in a very new area of Arizona. This area is a place that didn't even exist when I was growing up here. 

So I have to say since I have been to so many, this is not a new concept for me, and I can compare what I know to be great Mongolian to this. 

To educate those that have never been to one, you usually can get as many bowls as you want to use to create the master dish you want to be cooked together. Here, they yelled at us for using more than one bowl and told us to push it down with a piece of paper .... what?!? And meanwhile, those around me where doing it making a huge mess, how could they not? This rule is absurd. Take two bowls and fill them up as you like, then they are cooked together and the cook turns it back to you in one HUGE bowl that is the size of the two small ones that you filled up with even more room. 

I am just used to little authentic Mongolian places where there are no rules as to how you create your master dish. And this thing with either all you can eat or one trip for a dollar less is just ridiculous. Just make it one price, all you can eat period. Allowing customers to choose between two choice that have a dollar difference was creating such a negative atmosphere in there with the server going around and telling everyone what they are doing wrong and that they have to get the all you can eat if they use more than one bowl, and if they do all you can eat, they still can only use one bowl. Its just not a good set up for happy customers. 

The fun party about Mongolian is being your own master chief, let your customers do that without ridiculous restrictions on bowl usage and smashing down food to make rood for more to pile it up like a tower that is falling down all over the counter.
This place is my fave. I could buy this for life. The variety of options is great. When you first pay make sure you ask for a allergy card just in case. My girl is allergic to fish and bell peppers. Once they see it at the grill the will promptly clean it for you. The stairs is tricky but I have mine down now. 2 laddles  of 2 yc own 2 garlic 2 orange 2 ginger water it comes out great. You get a huge bowl and rice on the side. You can do soup and the drink are included with the price. I suggest lunch there it's a little cheaper and you be full all day. Thanks kris
Aside from the employees who feel the need to police you to make sure you don't share, (a rule which I understand when I read it, when the cashier explains it, AND when the busser fills me in) it's generally a clean, well maintained establishment. You can't complain about the food, since it's up to you to create your own dish. 
Wish they had egg as an add in option like Ghengis Grill.  
Drink and soft serve yogurt are included in the price of your meal. To go boxes for fifty cents a pop.
Love this place. Gone here for years, as a casual lunch w/my dad.  Easy place to hangout w/free refills on soda/tea & soup/rice.  It's worth it to pay a few bucks for a to-go box.  Leftovers=another whole meal!
The aroma drew me after leaving  the movies.  You get a bowl.  Choose a frozen meat.  Top it with seasoning salt of ur Choosing, veggies add that with a bowl of marinade. Rice or some sort of noodle.  Then u wait,  observe, collect your drink.  Sit and eat.   Then yogurt.  All under 12 bucks.  And so much to take home.  Very pleased with this find!
Five stars, you ask? Yes. Not one to be excessive, but having been a YCs follower since the scant, quarter-scrounging days of ASU, I adore the value and creativity behind the Mongolian grilling concept. I can have whatever I want, from full-on carnivorous bowl of spice to veggie-fied curry heaven. Noodles or rice, soup or wontons . . . all of the above--no restrictions. Just grab the gleaming, white bowl in the size you select, pay the charming server up front (remember to add in a dollar or two to tip the cooks) and off you go down the buffet line. Frozen meat is an oddity at first. Remember that it shrinks when cooked; so, put double what you expect to see on the other end. The wheat noodles, in their swirly curly happiness, expand; so, be sure not to go tower of Pisa on them. Here is my fave recipe for low-carb excess (like getting the colonel's fried chicken notes): turkey, sprouts, spinach, cabbage, carrot, zucchini, mushroom, tofu, scallion, broccoli . . . then ladles: two black bean, two orange, one Thai, three ginger, one garlic, one cooking wine, one sesame oil. I add a few jalapenos, sesame seeds and some cilantro to the mix before it hits the grill. The long wooden poles, surface-of-the-sun hot grill and dexterity will entrance you. The staff is attentive and focused on cleanliness. Top notch ratings in several publications, and I agree.
Newest location, same formula, ever growing prices.

I have allays liked YC's, Where else can a get a tofu, veggie, noodle stir fry spiced as highly as I want, with a portion large enough to feed me for two meals.

This new location is clean and efficient like their south Tempe location. The price of a large bowl is up to $9.10  and dogie bags are still $.50 a pop.

Some items have vanished from the food line, like baby corn,  and water chess nuts, both of which are missed.

If you are going for the first time, be sure to pile your food high and pack it in the bowl and to use alot of sauce, the will let you take a 2nd bowl just for sauce if you ask, and I recommend doing that.
Not as high calibur and fresh/diverse as Ghengis Grill.
Lunch specials is around 9.50 a bowl per person.
Includes drink and soup and wonton crisps.

Meats are usually frozen and rolled up so get a tissue paper to stuff it into your bowl.
Press!
chicken, pork, beef. choose.
I usually get pork.

choose your veggies such as mushroom, zuchini squash, bean sprouts, tofu, etc.

Throw some rice noodles into your bowl.

Add sauce. Add at least 5 to 6 scoops or you won't even taste it.
cooking oil, sesame oil, lots of spicy thai, chili oil -- thats the way I like my food.

Hand it over to the Grill guy and wait.

Get your finished food, grab a drink, utensils, soup, and go seat yourself and eat.

There are no servers so that saves quite a bit on tips
If I could give YC's 3 1/2 stars, that would be what I would rate them. I am torn on them being just ok or me being a fan. On one hand, they are a great value because you get alot for what you pay. The small bowl is a ton of food since you put as much meat, noodles, and veggies in it as you want (a tip, keep adding and smashing it down cause it does shrink when they cook it up). The food taste good most of the time if you order the right sauce. They have so many different kinds of sauces that you can concoct, however, I feel like most taste the same. There are really two flavors: good and not so good. The not so good are the ones that are supposed to have a sweet and sour flavor and the good ones have more of a teriyaki flavor. You can get as much rice, fried wontons, and soup as you want. So your meal plus all this for about 8.00 and you can get a box for an extra 25 cents I believe. With all the food you get, its more than enough to last you for 2 meals. This is a decent place if you like good value and ok food.
I do like a mongolian BBQ, but I have to say that this one is just average.  Although they have a selection of meat that's so-so, they don't back it up with many additional items.

Their spice selections are standard, and they have recipes for sauces on a board WAY high in the air (I missed it until someone pointed me in the right direction) but the grillers cook your food in a way that kind of creates a flavoring that is a melange of the other things cooking.

Filling, satisfying, but not all that remarkable.
I freakin love this place. My favorite thing is to sit and eat facing the counter and watch new people come in and get all confused. Now that's just funny. My first time I was the same way, like what the hell do I do here. Now I'm a pro. Stack it deep and use another bowl for smashing, Soba noodles piled so high it looks like a circus act getting the bowl to the cook. Mmmm....good.
YC'S is just wonderful. I have been going here for years & was so excited when they opened the Germann location! I recommend creating your own sauce & adding lots of their yummy tofu. Also- be sure to pile your noodles on very high!
The bestie LOVES this place. The Husband LOVES this place. Needless to say, I spend a lot of time at YCs. Good fresh food, with nutritional information online so there are no surprises if you plan ahead -- great lunch place!
I like this place because the service is great - they have always had friendly, helpful, and accommodating employees (always ready to teach you about how it works and help you with everything, even mixing your own sauce blends) AND I like that I can eat as many vegetables as I want (I love stir-fried/sauted vegetables!);  The prices are good, considering what you get (I skip the soup and rice, even though it's included.. and I don't drink anything but water, so that kinda is a waste for me).  Note that although I opt for hormone free chicken and beef when I grocery shop and go out to eat (when available), I understand that this place may not have the highest quality protein ingredients.. but in the world of carb-centric burgers, sandwiches, and even salads, I like that I can go here and get a ton of vegetables and some chicken (likely Tie-son brand and pumped-up.. yes, i'm spelling it wrong on purpose) or (farm raised) fish if I'm in a crunch for time and just need something non-carb-centric with lean proteins...ergo the 3/5 stars.
I've done Mongolian several times.  I like it.  I'd heard about this place, and the reviews here seem to be good, so let's give it a try!

We were greeted very enthusiastically by a young man I assume (based on observations through the evening) was the manager.

They have two sizes of bowls.  The large is only $1 more.  And they have an option for unlimited refills for another dollar above that.  All prices include drinks and frozen yogurt (and rice and soup).

The actual ingredient table was nothing special.  Limited spices, smaller selection of veggies.  A few sauces, though they include recipes for mixing several more.  One of their people was very helpful at the sauce table, mixing what we wanted.  Though they didn't have (or I didn't see) some standard sauces like szechuan.  And the names of the spices really didn't tell me much about them (except "cumin", of course...and "lemon pepper").  So it was sort of a guessing game what I was getting.

They encourage you to pack your bowl, and even have tissues to aid in doing so (and keep your hands clean).    The staff is friendly. The sauce was not very strong, even though I chose "spicy Hunan".  The flavor was really pretty mild.  And the noodles were either rice or wheat.  Really?  What about soba?

To compare and contrast, Genghis Grill has a larger selection of spices, sauces (though no recipes to mix variations), and seemed more flavorful.  But the quantity at YC's is definitely a LOT more.  Even packing the same amount, their large bowl is much larger.  I will probably try them again to see if a different selection of spices and sauces will improve the flavor.  Next time I'll do rice noodles, too.  I may update my rating when I try again.
This place is great. There are enough reviews on here that go over the concept and the process of making a good Mongolian bowl. Best advice 1. Pack your bowl with your fist  2. Use at least 5 scoops of sauce  3. Don't forget that there is rice, soup and ice cream still waiting for you after you get your bowl cooked.
Not only do we love this place but all of our five kids do as well! fresh, hot and yummy Mongolian food cooked in front of you in minutes and I can say not only is the food great but the price for a family of seven is great!   Kids are charged by their age so for less then a happy meal the kids get chicken/beef or fish and noodles, soup and frozen yogurt with a drink. Lots of food for a great price
Come with an appetite! Make your own stir fry with a lot of veggie and meat options. Plus soup, rice, chips, and frozen yogurt (dinner). My stirfry concoctions strangely end up tasting the same though. Possibly the super thin meat shavings end up kinda bland. But great joint. Crave it from time to time...like now.
I prefer Ghengis Grill.  YC's menu was confusing.  Staff is plenty helpful, but I just did not enjoy the restaurant.
Good selection,  but just have the yogurt part of the meal price.
Smaller than other Mongolian restaurants we've been too.
First time here and I was pretty impressed! I really liked the "salad bar" set up so you
can have as much of whatever your taste buds desire. Then it's cooked immediately which keeps the flavors fresh and hot! I wasn't blown away by the finished product, but the portions and preparation alone was well worth the money. But wait... There's more!! Your drink is included along with bottomless soup, wonton chips, and ice cream!! I had to take away a star for their limited locations, but overall a great lunch experience for the price.
YC's is one of my favorite lunch places! It's very filling, delicious, and I enjoy their selections for your bowl. This location is always clean and the staff is friendly.
If my review was strictly based on my food this would be a five star review. I always get beef with a ton of veggies, Thai peanut chile sauce, and cilantro and peanuts. Delicious, good quality, I've never had an issue.

Now the problems:  the service is hit or miss. Sometimes the girls are awesome and other times not so helpful (different workers, never see the same person twice?). 

My daughter's dish is always inconsistent. She gets chicken, lots of broccoli and spinach, and a recipe for YCs special sauce. Two times her chicken stayed frozen (I tasted it, and it was cold). Once she kept complaing hers tasted weird and off, so I tasted and smelled it, and realized the chicken was rotten. I had her throw it out. She was disappointed and hungry.

I really wish I could rate them better, but they have some quality control issues.
Taste was bland!  you are better off going to Genghis Grill instead.  YC's only has 3 meat choices and no seafood!  It was fresh, but flavorless.  You had to get the noodles in your bowl too so you get less here than you do at Genghis Grill.
Highly recommend ...  Great selection of choices.   Brown rice and rice noodles for those with gluten issues and lots of choices for those who don't - udon, whole wheat noodles, and seafood options which are not normally seen at Mongolian BBQ.  Will be back.
Good food, and great service! Lia was very helpful and informative. Made my first time here very enjoyable!
Yummy with fantastic service. Ryan was of great help during our first visit. Thanks!!
Since this is my son's favorite restaurant, I find myself here a lot.  Lots of meats and veggies to choose from.  I also like that they have bowls to mix up your tasty sauce for your creation.
This YCs is located a few doors down from the Gilbert Harkins theater on Germann and Gilbert Rd.

The concept for this restaurant is you put what you want in your bowl, and they will cook it up for you.  They do have several recipes posted on a board by the grill if you want to make curry or teriyaki or what not.  I follow the recipes losely personally, and I think you should have some fun with it too.  I like extra curry sauce in my spicy curry.  Also, it is ok to fill your bowl until it is practically over flowing.  Get your moneys worth!  Also, don't forget the noodles at the end.

The rice is hiding over near the soda machine if you want to add some to your dish after it is cooked.  They also have a soft serve ice cream machine for your kiddies for dessert.

Restaurant is clean and so are the restrooms.  Staff was friendly and the shop was moderately busy, but not crazy busy when we visited on a Saturday afternoon.
I do love this place, and the only reason i give it 4 out of 5 stars is that they keep raising the price! If you pay .50 for a to go box and make a huge meal then it's worth the money since you get 2 meals out of it then. However, most times I go there for lunch during work and I don't have a way to save leftovers so I pay a little more than I would like for just a weekday lunch. I started only going there when I know I can take leftovers with me.

I do love the fact they have so many veggies and tofu! As a vegetarian this is one of my go to places. The tofu is not super firm and rubbery like at Pei Wei. I like being able to create my own meal and it's always super fresh tasting.

The employees there are super nice too. They remember you and have always been hard working.
I love this place, I come here quite often for lunch or dinner.  Only dislike is having to pay. 50 cents for a Togo box...? I mean it's only. 50 cents but still just include it in your pricing don't make me have to dish out some coins which I never carry.
= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =

Tried this lovely YC's location for the first time today and it was just as expected after having recently dined at three of their four other locations.  This privately held little Valley chain just has everything right.  The restaurant floor plans vary but they're all comfortable, modern dining rooms hosted by cheerful, friendly staffers serving up some serious Buffet!     :-))

For this visit I started filling the provided bowl with some rolls of sliced beef, white chicken and pork, followed by a sprinkles of Cajon spice blend and also of "Bangkok."  Then I piled in & squished down some of most of the many veggies along the serving line, and lastly added plenty of wheat noodles.

Over at the Mongolian Grill area there are 16 recipes on the overhead sauce menu sign, but each day they also offer a couple of specials on little marker boards above the recipe ingredient tubs.  I deceded to go with the special "Spicy Panang Curry" sauce, for which the recipe had me grab a bowl there and pour in 4 ladles of Panang Curry base, 1 ladle of Garlic Water, 1 of white wine and a squirt of Sesame Oil from a bottle.

At the grill counter I added some whole peanuts  The chef quickly fried everything up, I sprinkled some fresh, whole Cilantro leaves and Sesame Seeds on top and it all came out tasting TERRIFIC!  I'm posting a photo, but it doesn't do justice to the amount of food sitting there in this feast.  It was LOTS, just leaving me just enough room for a cup of help-yourself Spicy Beef Soup, my favorite of theirs, to which I added some brown rice.

As a big eater I go for the Large Bowl ($9.93*).  You may opt for unlimited go-backs for a little more money, but there's no need to do that here if you pack your bowl down well as you're loading it up, with the kitchen paper provided.  Non-gluttons will do fine with a small bowl, well packed.  YUM!!     :-))

*  Help-yourself beverages are included and posted prices include sales tax.
This place is soooo delicious!!! And fun because you get to put together your own bowl. Fill it up as high as you can but don't let it overflow because they will only cook what is on the bowl. Service is amazing at this location, especially Alex-he's awesome!! Very helpful and friendly :) I highly recommend this place, you really get your money's worth!!!
Well, unlike Stephanie, I actually ate here. It wasn't packed, but it wasn't dead. It was juuust right. I was a little weirded out by the theme and the faux bronze bust of Genghis Khan at the grill. Er. What's next, Stalin's Salon? or maybe Hitler's Hummus Hut? 

My only other Mongolian grill experience is with YC's, so I was impressed to see they had an extensive selection real, fresh protein (very, -very cold- fresh meats, reassuringly...even sausage and scallops), spices, veggies, egg!, sauces (all sugar-based... ehhhh), and starches. 

They even have a little guide system showing you which items to pick if you want a particular bowl (teriyaki, Cajun, whatever). I just filled mine with whatever looked good. After they grilled it all up they served it in a bizarre asymmetrical bowl that first looked like I'd just dump my food all over myself, but it actually proved to be quite conducive to... shoveling. And it was delicious.

The flat screen TVs are weird. Their placement is such that the employees can probably watch them just fine, but most of the people actually eating here can't. Very odd. 

A single bowl is about $8, while all-you-can-eat is $12. I was full after half a bowl and took the rest  home (no charge for a to-go box like YC's, yay!)

Edited 5/26/08-
Okay, service here is almost always terrible. I've only ever had one really attentive server, a really petite friendly woman who chatted with us and checked in often. Otherwise, service has always sucked. So bad that I've ended up fetching my own food (normally your server brings it to you) and my own water (!!). A couple times the food area was a total mess with food all over the floor and counters... which, I understand, is part of the problem of telling people "here's your food, quickly pile it as high as you can!" so maybe I was just there at exactly the wrong moment.
I eat here often.  I too can't imagine what day Stephanie came in here.  The place is always moderately busy that I have seen.  I have stopped in at lunch, and dinner, and right before close.

The ingredients are fresh, no frozen shaved meat here.  They give you a small bowl, but even if you dont professionally stack your veggies, it is more than enough to eat.

Their seasoning layout could use a little improvement.  Finding the dry seasoning to follow the recipes can be a tad confusing (I never do this, but the people I bring here try).

The service leaves a little to be desired once you are actually seated.  Drinks will be waiting for you when you get back, and your food will be brought to you hot.  Good luck getting a drink refill before the check arrives!

Personally, I like this place better than YC's for two reasons.  They don't overuse their cooking sticks.  They add the sauce after the food is cooked.

One emergency room visit to remove a half inch splinter from the roof of my mouth was enough to make me NEVER go back to YC's Mongollian Grill again.

Adding the sauce after the food is cooked preserves the flavor of the sauce, and doesnt add your flavors to other peoples food.  Good idea.  This place knows how to do it right.

This place as a full bar... I am not sure why someone voted it as having no bar.
I struggled a lot on whether to give this a 3 or a 4. Honestly, I'm not happy with my decision and I'm thinking it may deserve a 3. This place is new to me, but I'm no stranger to "Mongolian BBQ" as I've been a long-time fan of YC's. Obviously I'm going to compare the two. 

I liked that they had fresh meat, but it was a little fatty and since they use thicker chunks as opposed to shaved and frozen, it takes longer to cook your food. They seem to stack up orders on the hot disc. It definitely lacks the flair you get when eating at YC's, but the novelty of that wears off after a few times anyway. Plus, I know it's wrong, but I prefer the frozen shaved meats to these chunks. It's just different though - I wouldn't say frozen is better, just that I prefer it. 

I would even go so far as to say I preferred a lot of their fixin's outside of the meat. They had a better selection of spicy powders and sauces than YC's, and this place definitely caters to the spicy food lover more. They also had better vegetables. I should also mention they have a better selection of meats including two types of beef and even shrimp and scallops. Even your choices of noodles and rice was more extensive. Come to think of it, they really beat the shit out of YC's hands down in the available food department.

And taste? Well, it was delicious I must say. Of course, I assembled the dish, so if it wasn't any good I have to accept at least part of the blame if not all. If I had to compare, I'd say YC's is very reliable and good consistantly because I tend to always create roughly the same dish. GG's I could see having a much broader range of flavors and experiences. 

The ambiance was okay for a strip-mall restaurant. It was kinda kitschy, but charming enough and fairly comfy. They had attention to detail. I think YC's (depending on which one you go to) is a "no frills" sort of place compared to this. They were piping in some good contemporary alternative music as well... for a minute, I thought someone had lifted my ipod.

Service was attentive, but odd since this is a "get your own food" kind of place... They also have menus which is strange considering you basically put your own dish together and since the server explains the process again to you in detail. I felt a bit like a child being explained something so simple and obvious, but my girlfriend had a confused look on her face, so maybe it's a good thing they do that. Regulars probably just get escorted over to the line.

I think my main gripe with it was the tiny bowl they gave me for the fixin's... but then again, you aren't putting noodles or rice in there like you do at YC's - they add that as they cook it for you. So I suppose the portions are comparable. Then there's the price. A little high perhaps - maybe higher than YC's (I know they used to be 5 bucks for a lunch bowl). But you do get a lot for your money if you know how to pack the food in the bowl. 

So I guess I was right to give it a 4 instead of a 3... turns out I really liked it. I think this would be a real treat for someone who hasn't had Mongolian BBQ before. I consider this to be a great alternative to YC's... Impressive.
I seem to be one of the few who had never gone to YC's prior to going here...and thankfully in my opinion Genghis is far superior. The night I went to YC's might have been badly chosen due to the car show, but unfortunately is was completely packed, and though I have no problems with people packing their bowls to the gills and  enjoying that all you can eat experience I really didn't care much for the quality of the food and the limited choice of rice as well as the fact that their meats were frozen and shaved....on the other hand my girlfriend and I were a bit tired of heading to Chipotle as much as we love it and decided to try it out. I'll admit that I could give it 5 stars (on the food alone) but several factors do come into play. I find the seating partially awkward. Against the wall you have people sort of gazing down on you if you choose a table and then the TV screens for those who care to watch a game,etc while eating seem to be placed too high. On a good note, you have a larger selection of rice and noodles than YC's and the meats are more appetizing as well as the veggies. I also liked the numerous sauces offered though I'm a pretty vanilla type sauce person myself. The service can be a bit awkward in my previous visits with refills indeed taking some time and I have to feel bad for the waiters who have a limited amount of work to do since clients basically choose their own menu barring some dessert choices that I haven't nor may I ever choose to take. All in all it was my first "Mongolian grill" experience and left me impressed and more than willing to give it a thumbs up to friends and strangers alike.
I'm a big fan of grillin' Mongolian style.  I love Asian food in general, so this is right up my alley.  (I must be out of the loop and super-uncool because I have absolutely no idea what this YC is that you speak of...)  I feel this place has taken a lot of mistakes of other Mongolian grills and learned from them  Here's the lowdown on the pros and cons...

Pros:
**A wide selection of everything!  Meats offer the traditional steak, chicken, pork, but also options such as shrimp, crab (albeit imitation), scallops, and tofu.  Veggies have pepper and onion combos, mandarin oranges, celery, raw egg, and a few other options that I haven't seen at other establishments.  The starches are more than white rice here - they offer brown rice and udon noodles too.

**Seasonings and sauces.  They have a bunch of seasonings to put on your meat before you pile on the veggies.  I think this is a good idea.  I have no idea if my shrimp was more or less tasty because I did it, but it made me feel better having another option to make it my own.  Their sauces are all sugar based and they add them at the end (which is a plus) so they don't burn.  The how-to list of concoctions is handy, but I like to be brave and go it alone.  It's definitely a trial and error process.

**Price.  I think $8 is reasonable for a large bowl of Mongolian grill.  Granted, there are some tips and tricks to getting the most out of your dollar (pile high and push it down my friends) and some strategery to the order of which you load on your veggies.

**Happy hour.  I can't remember what all of their drink specials are, but I know there are $2 wells and they make 'em strong. Nuff said.

Cons:
**The all-you-can-eat propaganda.  As a person who never makes the most of a buffet, all-you-can-eat is not really for me.  I think how it works here is that you can go back and do a second+ bowl and move up to the $12 bracket.  I like a lot of veggies and I had a hard time getting all I wanted in the bowl (yes, even with all of the tips and tricks), but I would have willingly paid the $12 to get two bowls at the get go to make one bad mamma jamma of a stir-fry.  Maybe next time I'll see if I can finagle...

**Assembly line set-up.  You can only serve from one side of the item line and let me say, it can be a little daunting.  For a first timer taking their time and getting it all worked out, you start to feel the pressure as the line builds behind you.  It's not a process in which I like to be rushed.  It's not a big deal and people can go around or whatnot, but it's not very conducive to serving a lot of people at once.

I'll definitely be back to have another go at it.  Skip YC's and go straight to Genghis Grill, or so I've been told...
This was my first time eating here, and I was happy with what I had experienced.  Daniel had suggested it on the way to the Yelp event, and I liked the idea.  This place is located within the Tempe Marketplace Mall, so you won't actually see it from the road.

When entering, we were immediately greeted by the hostess.  She asked how many were in our party, and I told her two.  We were seated at a table, and asked if we had been here before.  Daniel had, but I had not.  I am familiar with this sort of dining, but had not been to this particular chain or location to experience what the place was about.

Basically, the jist of the joint is that you prepare your own meal.  There is a buffet style setup with lots of raw ingredients.  Meat, steak, pork, chicken, etc.  There's also loads of veggies and spices to choose from, to make your meal complete.  Take as much (or as little) as you like.

What I really liked was that they had reciepe ideas on the wall.  this made it easier for someone like me who couldn't think of anything in particular that I felt like making at the moment.

After you assemble your dish, you give it to the guys at the grill.  In turn, they give you a number, and put it on your table.  When your food is done being cooked, they walk it out to your table.  I liked that! No waiting by the grill, especially with it being so hot here.

I don't remember what Daniel had, but I had a beef and veggie dish that I made myself.  Tasty!  

I would gladly return to this location again, and enjoy thier dining.
I'll make this short and to the point.

YC's is good for a Mongolian grill but Genghis is much better.  The quality of meat alone is a reason to choose Genghis over YC's.  BTW they serve alcohol as well!

-d
I went to Genghis Grill one evening while the Beijing Olympics were being aired. My experience eating here was probably a lot like Shawn Johnson's experience at the games -- not quite the showing I expected, but GG still managed to eek out a medal or two.

My favorite Mongolian places include soup and salad bars in addition to the ingredients to be grilled; Genghis Grill does not. I missed being able to snack on a salad while waiting on my first bowl. 

The ingredients were all fine; most seemed fresh, but I had to avoid a couple of the less popular offereings (for the life of me, I don't understand why bok choy hasn't captured the hearts of the American public). The sauces were generally tasty...think Trader Joe's bottled dressings and you'll get the idea. 

The highlight of the night was when I realized the shredded cheese that given to me by request came free and clear. Of course, this made me wish I would have asked for sour cream, too. 

You won't see a picture of my experience at the Genghis Grill on a Wheaties box any time soon, but the meal was pleasant enough for a solid three stars.
It seems like everyone had a better experience here than me. Maybe I just went on a bad day.  My biggest gripe about this place is that the veggies didn't look good. I had to pick through the carrots and tomatoes to find ones that looked relatively fresh. The sweet and sour sauce was kind of bland. Service was good though. Our server was friendly and checked on us regularly. Maybe I'll have better luck next time.
this place kicks mongolian ass. amazing drink specials ALL day, including 1 dollar mimosas. i felt so bad for the poor bartender though, because he only gets the little bottles of champagne, and had to open like 200 of them in 1 day. 

also, the food is good. they have tons of ingredients that most mongolian bbq's don't have, like eggs, and curry, and steak, and scallops and potatoes.

they don't have a huge noodle selection though, unfortunately. still, this place is a billion times better than yc. 

booze + mongolian = awesome.

i still think it's kind of hilarious that they named a restaurant after one of the most evil people in the history of humanity. where's adolf's pub?

and you can watch jeopardy while you're eating.
As far as mongollian grill is concerned, this place is the best in Phoenix as far as I am aware.

Hands down, this place has better quality ingredients, better service, and better atmosphere than any other place I have been in that is still in business.

My son loves to go here.  I have to direct him that its probably not a good idea to mix scallops with pepperoni, but he has a ton of fun.  He feels like he is helping to cook, just like at home.

The service here has always been great.  The people are smiling and friendly.

I get the same level of service and the same great food every time I come in here.  I love this place.
Technically 4.5 

I'm gonna go ahead and agree with most people on here that this place has YC's beat hands down in the food department.  Better quality, better choices and the fact that they put the sauce on after the fact all contribute. (Plus really good brown rice)  Also, no stupid take-out charge or whatever.

I've noticed that if you sit in the bar area, the service is incredibly awesome, but if you're in the regular dining area, it's a little lax.  I've only once not sat in the bar area so it's never been a problem, but worth mentioning. (if you're a party of 3 or more, most likely you'll have to sit in the regular dining area FYI)

The kicker is the amazing drink specials.  Last time is was there, it was $1 Wells, $2 3 Olive Vodka drinks, $3 Drafts and $4 Sake Bombs.  The cocktails are mixed good and strong and the sake bombs use pretty good sake and your choice of Kirin or Sapporo.  They obviously don't market these deals very efficiently because this place would always be packed with ASU'ers looking for a cheap buzz every day of the week.

Overall, I really like this place.  Two things they can change/improve on for me to give a perfect rating. 1. They don't seem to clean up the buffet fast enough, which means that sometimes you'll find some pepperoni in the beef, or carrot in the broccoli, or worse yet, some cilantro in the jalapenos (I HATE cilantro!) Plus the sauce area is always sticky. 2. I think that the price of the food should be $1-2 cheaper.  Yes the drink specials even it out and then some, but if you're not taking advantage of those, it's a little pricey, especially since location-wise, they're catering to a lot of college students.
Now why would anyone say this is just "YC's" only more expensive?

Lets see, YC's has frozen shaved beef, pork, chicken and fish.. 

GG has FRESH steak and beef. FRESH chicken, fish, scallops

YC's has a few vegi's to choose from. 

GG has at least twice as many.

I have eaten there about 15 times since it has been open. So much so I have earned a "free" bowl 2 times from my frequent dinner card. I wouldn't hesitate to eat at GG anytime.. 

I also like that there are more choices for powered spices, as well as liquid sauces. YC's pales in comparison!!

I have never had a problem with staff here and they seem friendly enough.

They have Coke products which is always a must have and a plus!!

Sure GG is a little more than YC's, but remember you get what you pay for!!
I've had better than Genghis Grill.  Why is mongolian BBQ difficult to find these days?  I can't find one in my neighborhood and someone told me to try Genghis Grill out. Since I was going to be in Tempe, I figured WHY NOT?!  Genghis Grill is  not my thing. 

We got seated and handed a small metal bowl, I was confused.  At the other mongolian places I have been, you start out with a big bowl not this dinky bowl.  So, I say "whatever, fatty" in my head and head over to the start line to get this meal going.  What do I see?  Nothing but the sickest thing I have seen in a long time.  A BIG-ASS BOWL of BLOODY MEAT, just sitting there in a bowl of blood.  I've never wanted to be a vegetarian so badly in my life.  I suppose I was used to YC's where the meat is frozen and shaved.   I don't like actually seeing the blood of a meat product, it really grosses me out.  

Anyhow, the bowl didn't fit nearly as much food as other places, I guess it's good I didn't over -stuff myself but the price was higher and that whole  meat product area was really bad.  Oh and the scallops, I think they were scallops?  Anyhow it was like a bowl of white fluff (you know marshmallow fluff? in a far?) No real shape to them.    So this whole "fresh" meat, chicken area is one of the grossest things I have seen in a long time. 

I must say that after it was all cooked and brought to the table it was more than enough food and it tasted okay, not what I was expecting.
I love Genghis Grill. We went most recently because I had a birthday coupon from them for a free bowl, but I've been there several times before and each time this place has been consistently tasty. I like building my own meal from their provided options, and somehow I always manage to make mine pretty darn good. I do think it is a little expensive, but then again you can go ahead and pile up the meat and veggies in your bowl if you want to get the most food for your money. 

The only downside is that the place is pretty crowded (tables and benches are placed close together) and often pretty loud. They haven't been as busy the past few times I've been there, but I think that's because it's summer and the ASU kids have cleared out.

This is our usual stop when we are at the Tempe Marketplace. It's hard to resist.
This place has become a new favorite of mine at Tempe Marketplace. A friend recommended this restaurant to us one night before the movies so we decided to give it a try. As I walked in, I looked at the bowls and chuckled. "There's no way that's gonna fill me up" I thought. Boy was I surprised. 

So the general idea here is you get a bowl, walk down the line and throw in all the ingredients you want. From beef to chicken to a few fishes and the other white meat, there's no way they won't have what you want. Add some veggies at the next station then down to the sauce station. Here is where the fun is as you try and mix and match sauces to make something that tastes good. Next stop is the cook who asks what you want your concoction mixed with (rice, fried rice, udon noodles, a couple others I can't remember.) Five minutes later your eating what hopefully tastes good and the size is not disappointing.

I will forever be a fan of this joint as it gives me the ability to choose what I want in my food down to the detail.  The staff isn't as attentive when it's busy meaning empty drinks for a bit, but they are friendly and helpful when they are around.
In short: A lot of fresh ingredients to choose from, and the happy hour ain't too shabby either.

Probably my favorite Mongolian BBQ in the valley.  Best thing I like is the selection, and it's fresh meat not the frozen shaved stuff.  Along with the meats, they have scallops and shrimp, and that ain't too shabby in my opinion.  Then there's a huge collection of veggies , spices, and sauces.  You can play around with the sauces and create some very delicious combinations.  I love the texture of their noodles, chewy but firm.  

Atmosphere is pretty nice and the crowd that comes there is pretty chill too.  I love their happy hour, can't beat one dollar well drinks.  I also like the fact that they are open till 10 or 11 on most nights, perfect place to eat after catching a flick at the theater nearby.  They're bit more pricey than other bbq's but I think it's well worth the extra few bucks.
We were excited to come to this Mongolian grill suggested by family.

First of all, we visited on a Friday night. This location is in the Tempe Marketplace, an outdoor mall. Parking was horrible, and that is not the fault of the restaurant.

The restaurant wasn't too busy, and the hostess quickly seated our group. Something had apparently spilled on the floor near the bar long before we arrived and we all walked through it. The service and customers had spread whatever was spilled in a sticky mess all throughout the restaurant. Gross.

To top that, the first table we sat at was also sticky, and before the waitress came back, we had found ourselves a new table.

There is quite a selection of meats and veggies, this was a plus. However, the selection of sauces, while extensive, is completely (almost?) sugar-based. It would be nice to have had some options that were lower calorie or lower glycemic index. Even just oil and soy sauce would have been nice.

The service came around often, however she never checked to see what everyone needed before darted off to get one person's drink., which resulted in her needing to make many more trips.

Overall the food was really just so-so, and the fresh meat that others describe was actually frozen when we made our bowls.
Fresh Meat, Fresh Veggies and authentic Sauce.  I love Mongolian BBQ food and this is wonderful.  They do not use "frozen meat" and boy can you tell.  They have Chicken, Beef, And Seafood to choose from. Most of the time service is good.
Love this place!
Can't say I had the food but the bar on a Sunday is awesome!
$1 Mimosa's and watching the game = priceless, plain and simple. They had a handful of other specials ranging from draft to saki. Definitely a worthwhile trip on a lazy Sunday to relax and watch the game.
Officially a fan. I wasn't able to review the place fully because I hadn't tried the food yet, but last night I made a delish mix at Genghis. 
Marinated steak chased by a few seasonings, and that yummy teriyaki, dragon, and asian sauces with Udon noodles...I think I'm drooling writing about this right now. It was seriously soo good and fresh nothing frozen. 

My buddy and I sat at the bar watched the game, enjoyed great food with good convo and sipped out countless mimosa's. Definitely a great way to spend a Sunday.
This place is great I have been here about 5 times. I like my stir fry spicy and they have just enough spices for me to mix in with all my fresh vegi's. You can fill your bowl up with all the fresh meat and vegi's you want and they add your noodles or whatever you want at the end.

The price's are not to bad they are a little cheaper for lunch than yc's and a little more at dinner time but you can get a frequent buyers card.

I love this place and will keep going back as long as it's open.
this place is perfect to get stuffed with food and/or drinks. 

ill start with the drinks. the all day (fri and sat til 7p) happy hour specials switch depending on the day. but you can get at least a bud light draft or well drink for just $1 or $2. 

small bar area if you just want to drink too. nice to pre-game a cine-capri movie...or shopping?

food: build your own bowl with a pretty good selection of meats, veggies, spices, sauces, etc.. the bowl may seem kinda small, but youre not adding the noodles or sauces in it. you can even practice on their website.......it can make about 2 meals...even for me. its $10 dinner and $14 for 'all you can eat'. not sure how that works tho.  (i signed up to their club and got a free birthday bowl!). some of what i mixed in was some chicken, marinated steak, pork, beef, celery, peppers, with a crazy concoction of spicy sauces. i cant wait to get home and chow on the rest!

those wacky mongolians really know whats up. its really that simple.
This place is AMAZING!!! Fresh, yes that is Fresh meat, not that frozen/small meat that you get at YC's. The meat doesn't shrink like it does at YC's. You don't have to guess on the sauces and or mess around with making them. Service has always been great and friendly, I think I have eaten there about 25 times in the last year and I have always been extremely happy. The drink specials are second to none. It really bothers me when people are complaining about the price, it is like 10 bucks, if you cant afford 10 bucks for a meal that you are going out for then maybe you should stay in. Also people that are mad about sizes, you do know you can go back up, they are all you can eat for like a couple more bucks, but if you make it right you should never have to go back up. This place is so so good, they are busy all the time, and it is a really fun place to check out. Everyone should go there!!!
Had a friend in town from the East Coast. Had planned on something else, but our plans changed and we were near Tempe Market Place so we went for a walk around and ended up here. She'd never had Mongolian BBQ before! 

Seating is a bit cramped, but ok. Our waiter (Travis) was fantastic. To our table really soon after getting seated. Asked if we'd ever been there (no) and took our drink order. Happy Hour (which is all day!) well drinks $2, score! 

He then took us over the main area and told us what to do. I ended up with scallops and shrimp, seasoned with salt, pepper & garlic. Water chestnuts, onions, green onions, cilantro, mushrooms. Sauce was the honey soy. All over white rice. 

Food came quickly and perfect cooked! The shrimp was tender and not dried out. The scallops were tasty too. The best part of Mongolian BBQ is that it is so hot when it comes out to you! Excellent flavor all around. My friend had the beef with the citrus sauce and enjoyed hers as well. 

Best thing is they don't make you decide if you want the all you can eat or one bowl till the end. I thought for sure I'd want all I could eat, but I was full after one bowl. 

I'll be back for sure.
I can't exactly review the food because we walked in, sat down and then perused the grill line and walked out.  I thought the size of the bowl was extremely small for the price and I just wasn't that impressed.  I've always loved YC's and appreciate that you can select your bowl size AND the price includes a drink.  

I just didn't like the vibe here, maybe it was just me, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
I've been to Genghis three or four times now, and each time it was delicious.  

I feel I have to address a couple of the reviews that have been posted here.  First, there is Nadia's odd review about how "gross" for raw meat to be bloody.  Well, last time I checked, meat has blood.  Apparently she prefers frozen meat over fresh meat.  To each her own, but it seems a bit absurd.  Second, Jennifer "reviewed" the place without having actually eaten there, which strikes me as a bit closed minded and presumptuous.  I don't have the intuition to be able to judge a restaurant based on bowl size alone, but maybe she is just more talented than I.

On to the actual review... Genghis Grill is great.  Like I said, the meat is fresh, and there are several options: steak, chicken, turkey, pork, sausage, scallops, shrimp, cod, calamari, and probably some that I'm forgetting.  Oh, and did I mention that none of it is frozen?

After the meat, you are hit with a wide array of seasoning selections (Ashley mentioned that she would prefer sauces.  Apparently she didn't realize that there are also sauces at the end.).  Seasonings are necessary because they enhance the flavor, which is something that YC's could use.  My favorite is the Cajun seasoning.

Next you hit a wide variety of vegetables and other knicknacks.  There are almost too many choices; I have a hard time narrowing them down.  It also allows for different combinations; not all of your bowls have to be exactly the same each time.

Finally, you get to the sauces.  These sauces actually have flavor.  

You also get a choice of what you want in the bowl with the stir fry; options include noodles and fried rice.  

They also have strawberry lemonade, one of the rare restaurants with such an offering.

It is true that this place costs a little more than YC's, but it's worth it.  To those who say the bowl is small, sure, it's smaller than YC's, but when you add the rice or noodles, it fills you up, and you are limited at YC's by how much crap food you can stand to stomach.  There might be better Mongolian BBQs which I don't know about, but this place is legit.
This is why you shouldn't eat mall food. 

Upon being seated, we were given metal bowls and were instructed to put our ingredients in these bowl. Choose your meats, veggies and sauce and hand it off the to dudes around the grill. Simple concept but I wished the ingredients were more fresh. 

The entire restaurant was sticky. From their laminated menus to tables to the floor to the soy sauce bottles. No wonder they gave you wet wipes. You needed to sanitize your entire space before you ate.

My food was delivered to my table and just what I expected, junk. While I had a lot of control what goes in my food, for a first-timer, how the hell would I know what the sauces taste like? 

They did have $1 mimosas during their happy hour. That was probably  the best part but the food was nothing more than a mish-mosh of crap.
omg... I love this place the food is great, the selection is great, the staff is very helpful. This  is a great place to go have a few drinks and great stir fry.
I was really excited about this place because they don't start off with frozen meats like YC's does...unfortunately I've had better experience with YC's. I didn't really like the fact that I handed off my food and sat down because I'm pretty sure they poured another sauces on mine! I went with everything sweet and ended up with such a spicy meal that I had to stop eating it!! Big problem! It was nice that they give discounts to ASU students though.
Not sure I want to go back and be disappointed...but we shall see, I am quite the forgiving person! Everyone makes mistakes! Just wish it weren't ALWAYS with my meals!
So I had never been to a place like this, although I have seen them in other malls. Here, you are seated and then your server explains to you how it works (and very, VERY quickly, I might add... I know the concept is simple but I needed to know why the menu didn't exactly describe the food... and since I've written this review AFTER I've eaten here, I still don't know why the damn menu can't help out with explanations of some of the sauces and spices). 

You are handed a small silver bowl (kinda like a doggy dish... huh.) You walk your lazy ass over to the line and load up on your choice of however much you want of raw chicken, beef, pork, shrimp, scallops, "krab" and whatever else is on this chilled salad bar. Playing upchuck-roulette isn't one of my favorite ways to spend an evening but hey, I'll try anything once. 
From here you move on to a stack of different spices (which range from mild to ass-ripping) and while they are labeled, if you don't know what something is to begin with, then you just don't know. I picked three (one was garlic powder and the other two I couldn't tell you) and sprinkled my shrimp/chicken/beef. On to the vegetables!
Here we have what amounts to a salad bar with a few Asian twists. I sometimes think of myself in the same way when I'm gettin' down, and that's only when my ego is in full force. But I digress. You load up veggies into your bowl, such as broccoli, spinach, baby corn, water chestnuts, mushrooms... and I threw in a few of those kung pao hot peppers, just for fun. Then you move down the line to the sauces!
Here's where it gets stupid: There are about 20 different sauces. There are even tasting spoons if you don't know what something is. But my problem with this is that I'm not going to stand here and taste a bunch of stuff and hold up the line (although I am sure plenty of nimrods do). So I just closed my eyes and picked three, just like with the spices. Small scoops into a little dipping container and then you move down to the cook, who will fire up your food with noodles or rice and then have it brought directly to your table. 
I can't tell you what I picked as far as sauces and seasonings go, but the food was cooked perfectly. Beef wasn't chewy and there was a nice sear on the sides of all of the meats. At first, I was disappointed because I couldnt taste any of my flavorings. But then a few minutes went by and I got that steamy, face-reddening, eye-watering aftertaste heat that only Asian food can produce. Great success!
And I didn't get salmonella, either! (this time.)
Oh... AAAND.... **$1 happy hour well drinks with a decent-to-heavy pour.**
Can't even compete with YC's. Sauces were either blah or strange tasting and overall, just not very good. Its edible, just not as enjoyable.
I've come to the conclusion Arizona has no idea what the mongolian experience is supposed to be like.  But this place is the best I've found so far.

basically you pick the ingredients from a buffet style set up, and then they cook it on a huge open range.  Lots of meats, veggies, and spices, and a decent selection for the vegan/vegitarian crowd.

its a little pricy, about 9 bucks for a single bowl and 15 for unlimited trips, but compared to the rest of the mongolian rip offs around town this is the bee's knees.

And for the people concerned about cross contamination, its all cooked after you make your selection so raw meat touching the veggies doesnt really hurt anything.
Great place to eat after a late night movie at Harkins. They have great reverse happy hour specials Friday and Saturday from 10pm til close. 

It's a great improvement on the whole 'you choosey, we makey' concept. I love how they add the carbs for you later, so you're not standing there with a leaning tower of noodles ready to topple over. Lots of different choices and combinations, but they also have flavor cards if you're ever looking for some guidance.
For those who have never been at a concept like this, it might be a little confusing. The server was really friendly and explained in detailed how it all worked. 

You are handed a bowl, which you fill at at buffet type setting with your choice out of a selection of meats, spices, veggies, and sauces. The cooks will prepare it for you and add rice or noodles.  You are given a number, and when it's ready, they take your bowl to your table.

This place has a great happy hour. But their selection of margaritas is even better. You find it a little pricy. My suggestion is to go for the all you can eat for only $4 more.

This is my new favorite place! Food is great as is service!
I love YC's so my friend suggested that I try Genghis Grill out. We went on a double date and I was less than pleased. First off the recipes were sort of hidden and the line was moving way too fast so I couldn't search for them. Instead I ended up frantically putting on random spices and hoping it would taste good. 

The waitress was really rude to us when we asked her questions about the location and restaurant. Since I didn't use an actual recipe my food was kind of gross.

If you want good mongolion go to YCs. If you're in Tempe Marketplace, skip this place and get some Slices or something.
My third or fourth visit here.  They were VERY busy today..  The whole grill was full and they had 10-12 more orders stacked up.

It is hard to complain about the food at a place like this..  You pick what you want so it is basically up to you to make it good.

That said.

I like YC's.  Yes, their meat is freeze dried, but the dishes seem more customizable..  Especially when it comes to the sauces.  I don't want pre-made ones laid out..  Give us all the ingredients, and a guide, and let us decide.

I'll be back because everyone at my work loves this place..  I don't think they've had YC's.
The selection of meats is diverse and fresh, which is surprising for a Mongolian stir fry restaurant.  You have a choice of the typical fare: steak, pork, salami and crab, but Genghis also offers fresh calamari and shrimp.  You can also add several veggie choices and egg.  Yes, fried egg!  The sauces are all tasty and you can pick up a dish card that gives you paint by numbers ingredient instructions for those that don't want to concoct something on their own.  There are 5 noodle options and the cooks add those after you've given them your bowl of stuff-you don't have to balance your pyramid of noodles as is the case at YC's.  

I've never had a bad bowl at Genghis.  In fact their fresh ingredients and friendly waitstaff make this one of my favorite eating spots in the Valley.  Ask your server for cheese and tortillas for your bowl.  If you consider it a challenge to stuff more and more into your bowl every time you go, make a bowl within a bowl with your meat selections.  Add your meat(s), contour the meat around the bowl and then add your other stuff.  

They also have excellent daily drink specials, including a half off happy hour on Saturdays from 10PM 'til close.  I recommend getting any of their specialty drinks at that time.

*Tip*

Sign up for their Khan's Reward Card and earn free bowls and get a free bowl on your birthday.
A caveat to this review is that I love to cook and make my own meal. Guess what; this is the place for control freaks like me. The fresh diversity of meats, chicken and fish; are outstanding! The veggies are very fresh as well. I recommend that you try the sauces first with the little spoons. Here you are master of your own pallet. You can ask them to use less or no oil to make the meal a little healthier. Choose wisely because the portions are as generous as you want to make of them! The owner is awesome and the cast and crew are ubber friendly. There happy hour specials are excellent if your a well drinker. I recommend making yourself a spicy Mongo beef. Use the N.Y strip instead of the sliced beef and you will know where I am coming from!
They will greet you and seat you at a table with utensils.
They will serve you water.

though the quantity is smaller than YC's Grill and the prices are higher,
They don't charge 50 cents for to go boxes like YC's does.

Also, I enjoy the higher quality and greater variety of ingredients.
~*Its really hit or miss depending on what you create*~

My fav :
crab meat + scallops + andoullie sausage + lil bit of ham
cajun seasoning (2 spoons) + ginger seasoning

tofu, spinach, zucchini squash, lil bit of tomato, mushroom, lil bit of bean sprouts, lil bit of potato,

one big container of szechwan sauce, one small container of garlic chili oil

udon noodles,

and hand it over to the grill guy, and he hands you a number.
You stick the number in the holder upper thing at your table.

Takes a big longer than YC's to cook.
 but upside is you can go back to your seat and chill, the servers will bring your food to you in a fun looking bowl.

To go boxes are free, so if its too much, get it to go.

there are servers in this place, so expect to spend extra on tips too.
It's a little more pricey than I like for lunch, but good stuff overall.  They do a good job.  You hear lot's of comparisons to YC's and, while this is the same concept, this place has more/better things to put in your mix.
AWFUL!!!  I was so excited today to go to Genghis Grill because I love DIY stirfry places; especially YC's!!!  I was so disapointed and disgusted by this place.  
Reasons why this place did me wrong:
- The try to make it too full-service restuaranty; not quick service like I want for my short lunch break
-Thick, syrupy sauces full of sugar and carbs and fat as my ONLY choice for sauces. YUCK.  When I eat at a mongolian stirfry place I want something fresh and healthy.  NEWS FLASH to people who think they are eating healthy here: You just killed it with the sauces!
-Very busy and very slow to get your food
-Small bowls, nothing to use to compress your food to add more
-Also I saw someone mention how "Genghis Grill doesn't make you pay for your to-go boxes like yc's"  I had to pay 9.99 for mine to-go.  $1 more than the normal price for staying there to eat.

Positive:
-fresher meat and more variety of proteins

I will NEVER go back
Went there for the first time on a Friday night around 5 pm with my GF. I had been to YC's Mongolian Grill, which I really enjoyed but at YC's I felt like something was lacking. Don't get me wrong, YC's is good stuff, but sometimes I want to have something spicy or more savory and I feel that YC's sauces aren't very thick. I like Pei Wei because of their thick sauces, and yes, none of this food is 'authentic' Chinese food or whatever (I hate those sort of nuts). Enjoy the food for what it is.

The service was good. Nothing stellar, the server brings you water and brings you your food after you have created your delectable and dropped it off to the grill master. You are seated while your food is cooked, and this is a great thing because it takes maybe 5-10 minutes for your food to cook (if you wait it'll cause a huge fart in the line). We did the unlimited to try more stuff, and the server always took out plates and offered us another bowl if we needed. Food was always out promptly. I thought it was hilarious that the guy working on the grill hits the gong when there are a ton of bowls ready.

The buffet line was decent. I'm being a little picky here, but I think if you're going to do a buffet sort of thing, you better keep it stocked with fresh items. There were a few times I went to make a bowl and there was old chicken laying around with chicken juice just marinating the chicken. That's not very appealing. To their defense though, the other items remained stocked pretty well. The cubed beef looked very fresh and lean, not a lot of fat hanging around, just enough to taste good. Vegetables and stuff were stocked pretty well too, sauces area was kept clean and there was plenty of sauce when I went.

The cooking was mediocre. The first bowl I got was cooked well, except the noodles weren't as hot as the rest of the food, which found its way to the bottom. They managed to keep the sauces saucy and mixed it well into the food. I was turned off by the fact that the cooks were throwing tin and stuff into the corner and making a racket. Not professional at all. My GF complained that some of the food was overcooked, and while I somewhat agree, I have a higher range of acceptable cooking ranges. I'll eat rare all the way up to well done, my GF won't. I didn't get any rare, but I got some very well done, with some charring on my steak and chicken.

Great atmosphere, I could definitely go here and have a bowl while watching a game. Seems busy and the crowd is well-mannered, except for these idiot teenagers who were reaching over me in the buffet line. Don't mind them though, they're probably just idiots anyways.

Pricing is kind of an issue. Unlimited for $14 (after student discount) is something that might keep me from going back. I could potentially get just as much food from Pei Wei for less. Yes, its not going to be the same, but the two styles are very similar. If you like Pei Wei you will like this place. If you want Pei Wei, but buffet style sort of you should try this place out. You can get just a bowl for $10, but even that is a little too steep for a college student's pocket. I'd say unlimited + drinks for $12 and just a bowl with drinks for $8.50 is much more fair. I really don't even get drinks usually, but its nice to have it offered with the 'package'. 

I'm really torn between giving this place a 3 or a 4. I like to reserve my 4s and 5s for places that I will go to whether I have a craving for it or not. I mean, if I'm hungry but I'm not sure where to go, I can count on a place that will always suffice and be cheap. The meat and toppings were very fresh, the fried rice and noodles option is great, but the pricing is a major issue. If the pricing goes down, I'd love to take my family there, and I'd love to rave about it. Until then, I think a 3 is sufficient.
When you walk into Genghis grill, they ask if you've ever been there before while they assemble steel bowls.  Yes, of course I have, I answer as I'm led to a table and I order drinks. Then I take my battered little bucket (you feel like a Unicef kid for a minute) and head to the assembly area, and here is where Genghis Grill outshines their competition.  The quality of the meats, seafood and vegetable is clearly a cut above almost every other Mongolian Grill type establishment.  Since I don't eat meat I put some shrimp and scallops in the bowl, and assemble my favorite mix.  I do not recommend cramming too much meat into your bowl -- a juvenile mistake I see made by kids with bad skin and future cardiac issues.   Take it easy on the sauces since they are laden with sodium and oil.  You will be pleasantly surprised at the volume of food that your bowl + rice/noodle mix will create.   Friendly staff and a decent selection of beers.  As others have noted, it can take time to get your check and get out the door.  In noting some other reviews I think I think it would be helpful for Genghis Grill to really emphasize that overdoing the sauces will just destroy your meal.
This is in response to the condescending owner of Genghis Grill.  Unfortunely for you, I'm a bit more educated than your average diner.  I am a registered dietitian and I am smart enough to know the your comments on my initial review are misleading to your other customers.  

First off, I have a 30 minute lunch break therefore I dont have time to drive to your restaurant and sit there for 45 minutes.  But I understand many people have 1 hour lunch breaks and they may have time for your restaurant.  This is why I chose YC's because I can get in and out of there on my time schedule.

Your goober sauces are more unhealthy than most sauces with the consistancy of water.  The only way sauces get that thick consistency is being made with excessive sugar and/or fat just like BBQ sauce and mayo.  

Anyone who knows anything about nutrition and asian dishes should know that "Kung Pao" sauce is one of the most calorically dense sauces.  This goes for any asian restaurant not just YC's- along with other thick sauces like General Tso and Sweet & Sour.  

I could really care less about these YC's recipes considering I always make my own as many people do.   I do not want a place that pre-makes the sauces for me.

Your comparison is clearly ridiculous considering the portion size you are comparing must be dramatically different.  YC's does not specify a serving size.  Neither do you!  Genghis Grill Serving Size = 0.5 ,1, or 2.  What does this mean????? g? oz? tsp? tbs? cup?  Not exactly what I'd call legitimate.   

YC's charges .50 cents for a take-out box not $1.  I was charged 9.99 for lunch on a weekday for a to-go order.  So if your lunch is supposed to cost 8.99 well then you do the math.

You only solidified my decision to NEVER GO BACK with your rude response.  I have only ever rated a restaurant with 1 star twice.  I usually rate generously.  My initial review was my honest opinion.  I had nothing against Genhis Grill- it just wasn't for me.  Now that you have responded this way- I will now go to the extent to letting friends and coworkers about the situation.  I'm sure you will stay busy but I will not be visiting again.
Went to eat at Genghis this last Tuesday after taking a 2 weeks vacations oversees. I love your restaurant so much that I craved your food for the entire 2 weeks!

Love your food, love your service, love your concept! Love your new menus!!! Keep on going! You are doing a fantastic job!
After hearing all the hype about this place from my friends, a group of us went to Genghis Friday night after the movies and lets just say I wasn't impressed.  I love the whole Mongolian grill concept, and do frequent YC's every few months, but friends had been telling me Genghis puts YC's to shame.  We walked in aand while walking to the table couldn't help by notice that all our shoes were sticking the floor, I was thinking dang when was the last time they mopped was. So we got to our tables and being the 1st time to this place for most of us, we kind of looked lost, but a kind lady at the booth next to explained the processes and told us to grab the bowl and get started.  Granted Genghis does have more of meet selection then YC's but YC's has more vegetables to choose from.  The bowl that you use to get place your meats and veggies is pretty small so pack wisely; I would have loved to place more veggies but just didn't have the room. When going down the line, the areas were not clean, there was veggies misplaced everywhere and seasonings scattered all around Service was slow & along with the sticky floor our table was very sticky as well, didn't want to place anything on top of the table.  Dinner was brought to us, and yes the food did taste well. I had the surf and turf with noodles but Im thinking if I go another time I would do without the crab.   I don't think I would be going out of my way to come back to this place; I was turned off by the messy appearance, sticky floor & table.
You can create a decent tasting meal here, albeit overpriced. The two stars are for the cleanliness of the establishment. This was my second time dining here and I left with sticky shoes from the filth on the floor. It looked like a disaster struck the ingredients area with a large amount of food on the ground and counter. All of the raw proteins were mixed together from people assembling their bowls. Plus, this time around they managed to mix up the starches my boyfriend and I ordered. He got my udon noodles and I ended up with his rice. They offered to fix it by scraping our toppings onto the correct starches. Not sure how that was supposed to work considering the noodles were mixed in. Don't think I'll be back to give them a third try.
Went here with a few friends for dinner today. I had never been here before, and I'm almost positive I wouldn't have ventured in here on my own. I'm glad my buddies dragged me in here.

The food is good. You are given a bowl when you are seated and you get to choose the meats, veggies, spices, and sauce for your stir fry. So, basically, if you don't like what you made, its your own dang fault. They have recipes up on the walls if you are super lost. I didn't realize that the meat would shrink once it was cooked (I obviously don't cook often) so I probably could have gotten more. My advice is to stock as much as possible in your bowl.

They have happy hour daily. I believe Bud Light drafts are almost always $2. Can't complain about that.

The bowls are typically around $10 each, so you can get a decent sized meal for like $15. They also have frequent eater cards. Once you buy seven, you get a bowl free. And you also get a free bowl for your birthday.

My friends knew once of the servers, so we were given exceptional service. I am looking forward to eating here again.
I have been here a total of 3 times and all 3 times I have liked it. It is a pretty neat concept, you create your own dish in a matter of minutes. There are only two complaints I have: 1.The price. For something that is 90% self-serve, it is a little rediculous to charge almost $10. 2. Waiting to be greeted when you walk in. Sometimes there is someone standing right up front, but other times you walk in and just awkwardly stand there until someone greets you. 
Other than that the servers have all been friendly and the food is always delicious.
I LOVE the food here, you can make your own stuff, combination, veggies and stuff.  delicious! the FOOD is great,

The service however, could be better, faster and more attentive.

Ronney
Dear Friends who work at Genghis grill....you have seen me three times this week and although I am slightly burned out on your delicious Americanized "Mongolian" BBQ I must admit that you have become my new favorite mall fast food.

If you are unfamiliar with choosing your own adventure so to speak, it is a pretty good idea to go mild the first time and go easy on the complexity of your chosen dish.

My Fiancee and I are quite familiar with this sort of food and as such went hog wild and went for broke when piling up the topping and experimenting with the vast combinations of delicious entrees.

Here is our critique.

The Bad;

While overall delicious the sea food selection could use some work, scallops were very fishy (gross) calamari was still frozen, and the shrimp was bland and tasteless.

Took way too long to get both of our meals, one arrived well before the other all three times (read between 5 and 10 minutes) this is dissapointing  as it intrudes onto our date time as one of our meal ends up cold.

The Good;

Steak and Chicken seemed fresh not frozen (although couldnt be sure) tasted pretty good for an inexpensive meal.

Noodles and rice were fantastic!

Terryaki Sauce and Garlic Sauce were a touch salty but again very good all things considering

Staff were very friendly polite, and speedy.  No wait times on drinks or to be seated even when it was quite crowded.


Overall room for improvement but still quite a good little meal if your waiting for a movie.  We will be back several times I am sure.
I enjoyed my meal here, maybe not as much as YC's, but enough to get me back if I'm in the area - looks like there are three more locations coming soon, so I'd probably do one of those, since the Tempe Marketplace is always crazy busy.

There was a pretty good sized meat selection, including marinated steak, which I chose. For seasoning, there were some pretty tempting choices, and I went with a couple shakes of black pepper, citrus garlic herb, and crushed red pepper. Peppers, onions, tomatoes, carrots, and surprisingly potatoes went on next, followed by some mongo barbecue, Szechuan, and honey soy sauces, and noodles.

The carrots were maybe a little too thick and crunchy, not quite cooked through, but other than that, everything was all good.

The bowl was a little small (you don't put the noodles on yourself, so you don't need a huge bowl), but I think I managed to get a decent sized meal into it. I probably could have put a little more meat in there, but I'll remember that for next time.

Personally, I prefer the YC's experience, just because it's simpler, faster, and gives you a little more food for a little less money. But I don't have any complaints about this place.
I'll never eat Y.C.'s again.

Not that Y.C.'s Mongolian BBQ is awful (although it kinda is), it's just that Genghi's does the whole build-your-own-stir-fry thing so much better, with fresher ingredients, that I don't see the point in lowering my standards for any other comp.

I'm glad I don't live closer to one of Genghi's Valley locations because I'd end up eating there more often that I'd like to admit.

My favorite concotion involves bean sprouts, beef, water chestnuts, lots of bell peppers, baby corn, two eggs, and dragon sauce over brown rice. It's just perfect.
sayyyy waatttt?!?! five stars??? yessum boys and girls, this little joint is this shit and i am in love!

Loved everything about my experience with Genghis. Atmosphere, service, the food, prices, drinks...  you get the picture

$1 sake..And $5 sake bombers..Thank you Genghis.

To be able to create my own bowl with all the veggies, meat, seasoning and sauce i wanted it just put me on cloud nine. It's great because you go can go back time and time again and never make the same bowl twice. ( i want to go right now, who's down???)

Perfection is the formula when me and Genghis Grill combine. scrumdiddilyumptious.
My significant other brought me in here because he thought it was something else. I knew by the name that it was going to be mongolian bbq, which I had decided I didn't like based on my ONE experience with YC's. I decided to suck it up and deal with it because I knew he would like it. 

I have to say I was quite pleasantly surprised. Not only was the selection of foods better and fresher than YC's, but I really liked the atmosphere much better. We are now regulars here even though it is not close to us at all.

I highly encourage using some of their recommendations the first couple of times so you don't end up crying because you made it too spicy (don't ask me how I know)! Another fun one to try is the fajita combination. You can actually request tortillas, sour cream and cheese and make mini "fajitas" out of them. Do keep in mind that this is fast food. The cheese and sour cream are very fast-food-like, but you can really make the meat and veggies worthwhile if you experiment a bit.

Overall, my whole family loves this place. It's nice to be able to make our own creations without the "asian buffet" style foods saturated in goopy sauces.
I almost feel like I am cheating, but as someone who has been going to YC's for 15 years, and has done her best to stay true to them as their veggies got limp, the floors got dirty, and the staff got sweatier, I just can't do it anymore, not with this hot new Mongolian Grill around the corner. This place takes it to a whole new level, and its so clean, and so many options, nothing can compete...then you throw a $2 pint happy hour special in there and yeah, sorry YCs...can we still be friends?
This is a solid Monglian BBQ establishment. I am not knowledgeable when it comes to Asian style cooking so my first vist to a MBBQ was not the best experience. Concocting the sauce part was way too diffiicult to achieve so my plate was a soggy, overly sauced salty dish. I was introduced to Genghis Grill by a buddy of mine who understood my dilemma so when he took me here, I was a bit relieved to hear they had pre-made sauces. Overall, the meat is fresh (not served frozen) and the vegetable section is quite good. I was disappointed with two things here 1: Bowls are very small. Since only one trip to the bar is allowed, for those who have quite an appetite will have to do a lot of topping as much as possible    2: Price is not cheap.   3: Service is somewhat lacking considering that this is a wait-staffed eatery.
I love this place, perhaps more than YC's. The food is fresh & the selection of fresh veggies is awesome. One thing those-those little bowls they give you aren't cutting it! I tend to overload on veggies and find myself making a mess & then I feel bad, like I'm the jerk the workers have to clean up after lol. I never get the same thing every time..its like an adventure! Haha. The Khanzu (I think that's what its called) sauce is the best sauce I've tried so far. I liked that you get so many choices for your starch, some are more interesting than others (spiral pasta? tortillas?).. I'll just take the brown rice please! And pass the Sriracha! 

I love this place so much I ate there twice last week...or maybe its because I live like 2 minutes away & my roommate had never been. Either or, still a great place, highly recommended!!
Best Mongolian BBQ I've ever had anywhere hands down. There's also a full bar and sake bombers. Had to go rub one off in the bathroom due to my massive food chubby.
OOM NOM NOM NOM NOM! FAP FAP FAP FAP FAP!
Will repeat soon.
This place was good.  Typicall Mongolian BBQ although a bit pricey.

The location for this place is really good because it gets alot of foot traffic so you will see this place packed at almost all times.

I like this place better then its competitors in AZ because it caters to the nightlife eaters with Sake bombs and other drink specials.

The selection of meat and vegetables is great and you will find yourself stuck between making several dishes.  I think that if they droped the price of the all you can eat, people would be happier as they would make smaller portions of different things...but right now it feels like everyone crams as much as possible into one bowl.

I recommend this place, but its nothing you have to rush out to right this instant.
Best Mongolian BBQ in the valley! Fast service, great selection of meats & veggies, wide array of sauces & spices... awesome flavor.
I saw this place and with all the excitement do to it having a happy hour and great atmosphere I too was excited to try it.  We saw a cheaper Japanese style rest. next door.  Due to the loud ambiance from Genghis we decided to try it.  I am sorry we did.  The flavor of the food was terrible and I ended up with a stomach ache later that night.  I took most the food home and offered it up to my kids and friends but after one bite no one wanted more.  Ended up throwing it away.
We decided to try their next door neighbor the next week we went to Tempe Market Place.  Wow, I was so impressed with the food there.  The night staff were great too.  So I suggest to anyone interested in some quality Japanese food, keep walking past Genghis and go next door.
I went to this place for lunch today with a friend. It was really nothing that I would run back for. I think the goodness level kind of depends on you, as you add the ingredients, including seasonings, sauces, veggies, meat, and starch. I think the instructions could be more clearly displayed. First you see meat, then you come upon dry spices.... I thought this was going to be the only flavor source for the food, so I used too much.... if I go again (big if) I would choose maybe just ginger or something. I used a bunch of garlic, only to find fresh garlic later down the line. Curses!

 They do have a good selection of veggies that seem fairly fresh. The meat is real cut up meat, not that weird freeze dried meat that is used at some of these places. I thought their choice of noodle is a bit weird... udon.... kind of thick and slimy... I would have picked like soba noodles or rice noodles or something. That wasn't a huge issue, but just something I thought was weird. I had them put the chili garlic sauce mixed with kung pao mixed with a hint of peanut sauce... turned out fairly good. 

Also, it is a bit pricey, especially when you only get to go up once, so you can only make one sauce decision.... if you screw up, you're kind of screwed. Also, other places allow you to get soup and rice or something with the entree.... that would be nice considering what they charge. If someone suggested it again, I would go, but I wouldn't go back on my own.
FAITHFUL FAN 

I am trying to get all of my friends off of YC's and on to this place- because it's AWESOME! Instead of gross frozen meat, Genghis Grill keeps all of their protein and veggies fresh. I don't eat meat, so I also appreciate that Genghis always has Shrimp, Calamari, Scallops, Marinated White Fish, and Krab Imitation for me to choose from :) They have a very wide selection of veggies and fruits, lots of seasons for spicing- and an delicious choice of sauces!! I probably try a new sauce everytime, and have never been disappointed! I also appreciate that they have marinara sauce and spiral noodles for my friends who are weary of asian food.

They also have AMAZING DRINK SPECIALS :) I had a two dollar mimosa this afternoon. 
$1 Sake
$2- Wells, Mimosas, Bud Light Drafts & Sweet tea Vodkas
$3- Domestic Beers & Skyy Vodka
$4- Bloody Marys, Import Beers
$5- Sake Bombs and Jager Bombs..

They serve happy hour priced drinks all day Sunday-Thursday and Friday and Saturday until 7pm.

Definitely the place to get your cheap drink on at Tempe Marketplace.
Genghis is the bomb! If you like YC's Mongolian, you will LOVE Genghis. They use fresh meat, not that packaged frozen crap. In itself it's such a different experience, and a fresh idea for a restaurant.

The bar is pretty fresh too, if you enjoy awesome happy hour prices.
I love this place. It's so fun to make your own bowl and then watch it get cooked!  It's the best to get the udon noodles and tortillas! Mmmmm!  The staff here was always awesome.  I totally recommend this place!
I was in the Phoenix area for a week for work and stopped by in Tempe to meet a friend. She recommended Genghis Grill and we went there. The ambience was good and the waiter was friendly. The food was awesome too similar to flat top grill where you can create your own stir fry. 

Will go there again if I am in town again.
The food is awesome and you can pack as much as you want in the bowl and still take some home with you.  It is perfect as leftovers the next day! I would definitely keep going back!
My whole experience was nice. I love the selection of meat and spices and veggies they have it's like a feast for the eyes! The portion, when combined with noodles or rice, was good for two people! I think I paid about $10 and the bowl was overloaded I took some home. Next time I'll try having it with rice instead of noodles.
PSH!!!! YC has nothing on Genghi! here are my reasons why:

-fresh, not frozen protein
-way better veggie options
-seasonings- PURELY genius! i LOVE the option of seasonings, sauces or a mixture of both. genghi's makes all of these options available with my fav section of seasonings
-eggs- genius! 

and i'm sure this isn't just Genghi's but i love that they'll cook your food in water instead of oil. 

$10 for two meals worth of food. i lurve it!
Service is not good. The food tastes flat. The ambiance is somewhere between a sports bar, a mongolian BBQ and a cheap chinese restaurant. The drinks are not good and prepared by non-professional barmen and barwomen. I had to ask for the bowls to be replaced because they were dirty and the waitress didn't see anything wrong!!! For the same money I can have better food across the street at Pei-Wei.
My boyfriend absolutely loves this place he goes at least once a week. I'm definitely a fan as well. You get  A LOT of food for only 10 bucks and its quite tasty. It takes a few times of going to get it right though with the different combinations of sauces and spices.
I love the wide variety of meats and vegetables they offer. Sometime the chicken looks very fatty but then i just load up on shrimp.  The sauces are amazing and all the spices......im in heaven. Did I mention that you can get an egg mixed in with your stir fry.  You give your bowl to the hair net man and tell him what carb you want brown rice, noddles, white rice. tortillas.  
I like this place much more than YC's because there are so many more options...
As far as this type of restaurant goes I vastly prefer Genghis to YCs. There are a lot of reasons why I prefer this place. One of which is that their meat looks much better then what YCs puts out. Also because it's not frozen there isn't a ton of suspended water content which means that when you get your food back it tastes better and the sauce isn't overly watery. Not to mention there is no freezer burn!

The veggies here almost always look more fresh then what I've come across at YCs. I love my onions and here they are crisp and freshly cut.

The portion sizes are a bit smaller, there is no denying that. But as far as flavor goes this place takes the cake from YCs.
Saw that this place seems to rate pretty well, and we had just finished a screening of Sherlock Holmes, and we were hungry, so we gave it a try.

The selection of meats was good.  My wife thought they could have had more veggies, but I thought there was an ample variety.  And then there was dry seasoning (many kinds), and sauces (many more).  The bowl was small, which was a little annoying, but you build it yourself so you can pack in as much as you can.  I packed pretty well!

Then they cook it and bring it to you.  I liked mine (using Szechuan sauce).  We all liked ours, in fact.  I can see coming back here again.
Not bad. Remember YC's being better.
Its seems like a decent place, and certainly has potential, but we wont be back until its more sanitary.  My problem being VEGAN is that the meat station is at the beginning of the line.  This wouldn't be a problem if PEOPLE DIDN'T USE THE VEGETABLE TONGS TO SQUISH DOWN THEIR RAW MEAT into the tiny bowls provided.  I asked the line staff how they prevent cross contamination to which she replied "I dont understand what that means."  Ok, fair enough, she isnt educated.  So I asked for a separate clean tong to use, even though I know that "meat juices" are already mixed in with the veggies.  She said they only have one for each container, and no extra clean ones.  At this point I was just too grossed out to eat.  My husband, being a carnivore didnt mind, but has been in the bathroom "declaring war on Mongolia" all evening, so I guess my theory could have been correct.  
We brought all this up to our waitress, as I would have like to have had dinner there, and she says its the corporate office's decision to have it that way, and had been asked this same question several times before. She mentioned that Muslims should absolutely NOT eat there, as there was NO way of knowing for sure if the food was cross contaminated with pork, and that the sign asking about "allergies, and special dietary requests" was a joke. 
Until they switch up the order of the stations, Veggies Beware!
Just the freshest ingredients to choose from and your a avid spice lover you'll defiantly love it here.
Genghis Grill, after my 1st bad experience a year or so ago I swore I would never come back,,,but was at Tempe Marketplace with my daughter who said she was hungry and loves Genghis and since she was buying, she said that's where we are going. So I went, hesitant.
 
Walked in and it was a different experience this time! The floors & tabletops were not sticky and the counter top was clean.  I was starting to enjoy myself.

So started to make my bowl, I went with the festive chicken and steak, decided that I will follow whatever my heart desires, added a mix of sliced bell peppers and onions, then some mushrooms, jalapenos, pico de gallo (note to self, don't add that again, it has chopped baby corns which freak me out, cuz really were is corn growing only 3 inches long and as skinny as a pen), green onions, some cabbage? Tossed in some red chili flakes and hit it with more spice and fiery hot sauce before turning it over to the grill got it with some fried rice. That was some heaven right there, delish I tell you!!

The one who wound up cooking my food on the grill even told me man that looks and smells great!
 
Ok I can say I am glad to have gone back a 2nd time and most likely will be back again.
I would say that I enjoyed this place more than YCs, for a few reasons. I digged the table service, and our waiter was very nice and attentive. We were seated at a table, placed our drink orders, and then started making our meals. I had chicken and beef, loaded with lots of veggies and picked brown rice for my starch (I later found that you can pick multiple starches). One thing I liked that they had that YC's doesn't is the seasoning and the "ready to go" sauces (no worrying about recipes). I thought I seasoned it up pretty well, but I very much enjoyed the Dragon spice and sauces. After a few minutes, our meals were brought over and I thought my bowl was amazing. The only dings I have against the place is that aesthetically, they could manage to tidy up a bit (food was amiss/low in the food area, the table numbers are dingy). Otherwise it was really good and I will definitely return.
Good mongolian bbq - more variety than most. They have some good sauces - Try the mongo bbq or dragon chili.
They have the raw meat placed before the veggies so the patrons use the veggie tongs to fill their bowls containing raw meat and then the tongs go back into the veggies.  This creates a disgusting cesspool of bacteria on the veggies.  I'm shocked someone hasn't died from dining here.
good food, good service, good prices -- not the best quality of food, but the prices explain that.

will be returning.
Stopped in for lunch. Great for a quick, casual meal with friends. Love that I can pile on lot of veggies. That's something that you don't usually get at a restaurant aside from salad.
Better taste and quality then Yc's. However, way over priced and tiny tiny portions. I was seriously confused when I was handed a tiny bowl to put my food it. I wasn't very good at stuffing all the ingredients I wanted into the bowl, but I figured the noodles i requested with it would be more than enough. I ordered it to go, couldn't believe it was $10...got home and realized my to go box was less than 1/4 full. I seriously have the smallest appetite, and 9/10 times have left overs with every meal. I ate my entire to go box, and was still starving.
While the food tasted good, it definately wasn't worth $10.

Oh, and it was super super confusing. One needs to pop a xanax before visiting this place.
Great food, best Mongolian BBQ I've had
We frequent Genghis Grill quite a bit and I'm not sure what happened yesterday but our service was AWFUL! First, my bowl was cooked without the sauce I clearly placed next to my bowl.  Then, my boyfriend's bowl came without the rice he ordered. Lastly, our waitress came to check on us once and that was to drop off the wrong drink.  The place wasn't very busy so I was really surprised at the lousy service.
My wife and I once in a while treat ourselves to Genghis Grill.  I love the option of picking your food and portion before it is cooked.  You walk in get your bowl and immediately go over and start picking your food to be cooked.  I absolutely love the marinated steak and shrimp.  The chicken is great....Pork is OK.  Veggies are veggies so get what you want.  My wife and now I always get an Egg.....a fried egg really puts the stir fry together...seriously.  After you pick your food pick a sauce(I go with Teriyaki) and you then choose fried rice, Noodles, White rice or tortillas.  My advice get a mix and go with fried rice and noodles.  For you health nuts just go with the fried rice over the white rice...honestly this is probably the healthiest fried rice I have ever had.  My wife can always get a few tortillas for us as well because she asks the cook and they always say yes....What a charmer she is ;)

For good food a beer or two and the ability to watch a game if its on and great people watching this is a fun experience.

Service is usually great....last night ....meh

PS. Dont get the sundae....Its Ice Cream with a little bit of Chocolate sauce on it...just go down to Mojo for that.  Not worth it.

Q
In the United States, Mongolian is synonymous with putting uncooked food in a small bowl and handing it over to be cooked on a large metal grill by chefs with huge wooden sticks.  At Genghis Grill, you are directed to have a seat and your food is brought to you.  What separates Genghis from other Mongolian restaurants is that they use this extra time to fully cook the meet and vegetables.  No need for thin strips of meat, and the vegetables are not crunchy.  Cooking the food helps a lot.  I also like the wide variety of meets including marinated steak and sausage.  Yes, sausage.  Adding an egg is a good choice, and I usually favor the peanut sauce with some extra kick.  In the end, it is really your fault if your meal doesn't come out right, and you are allowed a few practice runs to perfect your choices.
Upscale version of YCs.  Better seasonings and sauces available (Yay for Curry!).  As a vegetarian it is harder to pack all the veggies in your TINY bowl here as compared to YCs though. The drink specials are AWESOME!
ok food.nice selction and variety of choices.
Being a lifelong YC's patron, my interest was piqued when I saw there was another Mongolian bbq restaurant in Tempe.  To short-cut to the differences between the two, Genghis Grill:

-Has smaller bowls, so smaller portions as a result
-Has more selection, with more expensive types of meat and veggies such as bay scallops, calamari, and snow peas
-Is about $10 for a single bowl
-Has thicker, sweeter tasting sauces that have to be mixed in after the food is cooked (Otherwise they burn due to the sugar content).  With YC's, the sauces can be directly ladled onto your bowl and are cooked with the meat and vegetables.
-Offers alcoholic beverages, and has a cheap happy hour (Which I have yet to try)
-Does not have any free range soup or soft serve with your meal.  Drinks are provided by your server, rather than a free range soda fountain.
-Servers bring your bowl to your table, rather than waiting at the counter
-Does not offer you any waxed paper to push your meat/vegetables into the bowl so you can maximize on bowl space

Since the price is the same no matter what you get, I loaded up on seafood, getting a mix of marinated fish, shrimp, scallops, and calamari.  I got some veggies, 2 spoons of spice mixture, and a mix of szechuan, Khanzu, and ginger-citrus sauce.  While the combination tasted good itself, the thinner cuts of seafood ended up being done faster than the larger cuts.  As a result, the scallops and calamari tasted tough and overcooked while the shrimp was cooked just right.  

Service was friendly and attentive.  While I do like the bigger selection of items to choose from, I like the thinner, less sugary sauces at YC's and the bigger bowls.  It's a tough call, but I would say, if you want more seafood and higher quality meat in general, go with Genghis, but the better deal will be at YC's.
Always amazing sometimes the chicken is suspect(fatty). But I love the tortillas with scream( sour cream). I would go here more if it was closer to my house. Sign up online for a free one on your bday.
I love this place.  So much better than YC's.  The menu is very helpful and has lots of suggestions.
If you don't like sports bars, this might not be your place. But I have always enjoyed it and will definitely go back
They are yummy. Typical Mongolian BBQ style. Get your bowl, load it up, they cook it, you eat it. Bowls seem a bit small, but if you're getting all-you-can-eat that really doesn't matter. Plus when you throw in a starch it ends up being plenty of food. Service is fast, even when they are super busy. Which seems to be all the time! I like them, but since they are in Tempe I don't get there often. That could be a good thing for my wallet, and my waist.
Really great food! Really disappointed by the service. Went to Genghis Grill last week with a group of 10 friends. We each had a buy-one-get-one coupon. We read the fine print to ensure we wouldn't have any trouble. The manager refused to honor the coupon at first until one of the members of our group addressed the issue with him. What we found odd was the 30% gratuity that was slapped on the bill. Unsure if I will return because of all of the drama surrounding the redemption of our coupons. Very disappointing.
Love this place!! The selection is vast and not too expensive. Happy hour all day Sunday-Thursday is a big plus. The only problems I have here is that the bartender cannot mix a drink to save his life (just stick with a beer) and if you want your food to-go it costs extra.
Best stir fry in town!
This is by far the best place for Mongolian BBQ. I come here every time I'm in town for lunch. Love Tempe Marketplace. It's best if you build your own bowl, but you can use their bowl suggestions.  I like eating the sliced and seasoned beef, the blended seasoning, a dash of cayenne and garlic.  For veggies, I use beansprouts, onions, bell peppers and snow peas. I like blending the sauces (teriyaki, mongo bbq and szechuan). Top off with some fried rice. Good stuff!
A bunch of friends got together and headed off to Tempe Marketplace for the Gloriana concert. We were all hungry and my wife saw the "Happy Hour" sign so we all went into Genghis Grill.

There was no one at the front counter so we had to wait a few minutes for someone to help us. I have to say the food smelled great. We went to the line to build our orders. My wife asked one of the employees preparing the meals, which one of the sauces had pineapple juice in them. His response was that he did not know for sure, but he did not think that any had pineapple juice in them. In other words he was just guessing. If my wife has pineapple juice, someone needs to call 911. I tried to explain to the employee, that knowing for sure was really important. We finally got him to go in the back and get the ingredient list for the sauces. The one specifically she was asking about has pineapple juice in it. Things could have gotten bad really fast had she ingested that sauce.

I hate to write a review like this, the food was really good, the service was really bad. 

I liked the food so much that even with the bad service, i wanted to buy some gift cards for gifts, I waited and waited for the cards, then when I got the acting manager to sell me the cards, he told me that they have a promotion, if you buy a $25 gift card, you get a $5 card for free, I thought that was a nice bonus. Then he told me that I would need to come back tomorrow and talk to a Manger, because he did not have access to those cards. 

The servers had no direction in what they were doing, the place was way understaffed, which made for a less than great dining experience. I learned as I was leaving, that the management was all at a wedding and that they did not think it was going to be a busy night...They thought wrong.

Shame on the management for doing that to the servers. 

In closing I have to say the food was really good, the service was really bad. Talking to a few of my friends, they had the same experience there, where it seemed like the place was understaffed.

I want to give it 2 stars, but I really thought the food tasted good.
I've tried so many of the local Mongolian BBQ places, and though this is the best of the bunch, that's not saying much.  BDs that was in Tempe back awhile ago was the only one I'd go to regularly.  The food choices here are decent, but the service sucks, it smells like urine and BO covered by pine-sol, and they cram too many tables in for it to be pleasant.  The floor literally pulled my shoe off of my foot it was so sticky.  Gross.
We came here because we were really hungry and it wasn't too bad. It was one of our random trips up to Phoenix one day and we decided to eat here. The food was good and with $4 fireball bombs, can't complain!
This place is amazing! Ash is the best restauranteur ever. Food is amazing and service is stellar. Best happy hour you will find. 2 everything's all day!
I decided to try this place for takeout for lunch today since I was craving some Mongolian. This was my first time here and I'm familiar with the concept since I've been to YC's. Unfortunately it did not live up to my expectations.

Pros:
- Friendly and helpful hostess
- A variety of proteins to choose from

Cons:
- My noodles were overcooked and mushy :-(
- The sauce was SPICY, it was not marked as spicy. I thought the whole concept of being able to customize your meal is to add spice if you want it.
- It took a long time for them to cook it
- $12 lunch; noodle bowl and drink. The portion size was mediocre for the price.

Since the cons outweigh the pros, I would not recommend.
Awesome place... the food is awesome, drink specials all day and the staff do a great job. When my friends come into town, we always make this a spot for dinner and some drinks!

If you don't like the food, I'm sorry but you made your own bowl- its your fault!!
I really enjoy coming to eat here, there is a great selection of meats and veggies to create the perfect just for you bowl.  There is also a good selection of starches to go with your meat and veggies. The drink specials are great as well. The only thing I knock down from this place is the smell... I dread the smell in here and for that reason I ususally do the take out. They really need to get someone in here to deep clean the restaurant.
The first time I tried a place like this was in san diego and I fell in love! 

I love this place because you basically pick your own ingredients. The only downfall could be that you suck at picking ingredients and your food sucks. While you can complain at other places, here you can't blame anyone but yourself! Im sure the servers are happy about that! 

they have soooooo much variety! from chicken to scallops, to calamari, etc! and all sorts of spices and veggies and sauces! i feel like a little kid in here! 

so you get to pick your veggies, meats, sauces, spices, and at the cook bar they ask you what starches you want. I like noodles! and they cook it for you and bring it to you. Mine always ends up tasting amazing! I go all GENGHIS KHAN ON MY FOOD! haha..anyway, All the flavors are a kick in the mouth...in a good way!...(is there a good way to get kicked in the mouth?!)..you get my point! 

the servers are super nice, and the place is super cheap!

They have awesome drink specials too! monday-Thursday, all day happy hour!
It is what it is.. stuff that bowl. Better quality meat than YC's. Fun atmosphere.
ALWAYS love the food.  This location is a little more difficult to maneuver (tons of college kids), but that is ok if you aren't starving and can wait a bit.

Took my 5 year old at her request and we had such a lovely time.  The staff are great and treat everyone well.  Even a slightly hyper kiddo who wants to chat with everyone.

People watching is great, the food is always just what you want, and the drinks are top notch.
Love this place. I was always a fan of YC's. This place is kind of the same concept with way better ingredients to add to your bowl. Not only does it seem much fresher there is a lot more to choose from. The drinks are also really good with some long pours.
This is one of the few places my bf can actually eat at they accommodate allergies and have a large selection of products which is nice love my bowls every time
I've gone to Genghis Grill quite a few times over the year.  Every time I go, I try different combinations of meats and veggies with different sauces and spices every time.  Each time I've ate, I've never been disappointed.  There are so many choices to get that you would need a bigger bowl than they offer.
This is by far my favorite restaurant of all time. The food is always fresh and the areas are generally clean. I've come here often and the service has come to recognize my face. They're always fun to be around and the atmosphere is great.
Absolutely awful food.  I was excited because I have always liked YC's.  when I got in line and saw the fresh meat, (not frozen like YC'S ) I thought it would be great. Nope. The meet was all fat and gristle, I could barely get any of it down.  The sweet and sour sauce tasted neither sweet nor sour. What a let down all the way around.
Had lunch there today. It was pretty ok. I wouldn't give it 4 stars, although my boyfriend might. 

We got a lot of food and took it home and really good service.

Service : 4
Food: 3
I was enjoying my meal until a friend returned from the food service counter and told the group he just witnessed a gigantic cockroach moving inches from the food; suddenly my apatite was stymied; won't be returning for a very,very long time.
This place is awesome. I am a huge fan of Mongolian barbecues and this place is no exception. The server was ultra friendly, the ingredients looked pretty fresh, and there are instructions for you non-veterans to Mongolian bbq. So after overfilling my bowl with an assortment of goods, I sat down and 5 minutes later the raw food became hot and delicious stir-fry. I'm definitely coming back here for sure.
This Genghis Grill is THE BEST! Let me start off by saying that my BF and I have been to GGs in 4 states and we crave it so badly when we go back to Los Angeles. They don't have a GG in Cali (should be one soon!) so we go whenever we are near one. This one is THE BEST! Seriously. They cook everything great, the shopping center is great, and it really lives up to our expectations. I wouldn't say the staff and/or the atmosphere are amazing, but that's not why we go there. My BF was a little annoyed that they gave him his beer before we went to go get our food (didn't want to leave a drink unattended while we were stuffing our bowls, just in case they tried to roofie my guy..lol) but that's cool. Love you guys!!
Genghis is always a great place for a quick delicious meal. The staff is friendly, the restaurant is kept clean and the food is always out quickly. The happy hour is excellent as well and their Khan club is great for earning Genghis points for free bowls.
Can't go wrong here! Mongolian food quick with your own taste preference :)
This place is pretty awesome! The customer service is excellent, and the server directly let us know about what was available to us and made us feel very welcome. The food was also incredibly delicious and at the right levels of spicy!! Supposedly this GG is #8 in the country! Definitely check it out if you're in the area.
Usually I would give this place 5 stars but tonight I was pretty disappointed with the service. I have gone on Friday nights when it is super busy and I still get 5 star service. Me and my friend went tonight July 15 2013 because she wanted to use her coupon for a free birthday bowl. when we arrived we waited at the front for the hostess to seat us for 10 mins then my friend just grabbed two bowls and napkins herself then we sat ourselves at a table. usually this isn't a big deal but the fact that we waited for 10 mins is ridiculous because it wasn't busy. you would think on a night that it was slow it would have been a good night to go but i guess we were wrong. 

then when we tried to use my friends free bowl coupon the server told us that it had already been used even though she showed the server that she just got a email reminder that she needed to use the coupon before it expired on the 26th. I understand when you put a code in and it doesn't work but the fact that the server seemed to get a little rude with us was uncalled for. we weren't being rude to her we were just curious to why it wasn't working. and the fact that there was no onsite manager there was stupid. i just wanted to bring it to someones attention that the hostess was nowhere to be found when we tried to get a table and i'm sorry if you don't want to do your job then why are you working there when there are plenty of people out there that would be able to do you job with a smile on your face. 

I just have to say i'm really disappointed with the crew that was there tonight it seemed like there were problems all night while we were there especially with the hostess. very unorganized. 

so if your trying to go there on a Monday night because it's not that busy I would say don't because you will get better service on the weekends. I will not be going back there anytime soon.
I was really confused when I first walked in.  There was no menu and I didn't notice the price on the wall for the bowls.  When I got in line, I had no idea how they were going to charge me, by weight? certain ingredients? by gender? I didn't know. No one had explained it to me.  I found out later that you pay one flat price. I made it through the process fine, got my food and enjoyed it immensely, until I noticed that they did not put in one of my ingredients! They took out the pineapple from my bowl of ingredients that I handed them. Why?! What do they have against pineapples?  The waiter was very friendly, until he learned that I had a high value coupon. Then he practically ignored me the rest of the time.  That was fine, because I didn't really see the point of waiters at this restaurant anyway since they don't really need to take your order. Overall, the food was great, you get a lot for the price. Now that I know the process, I would come back again.
Solid spot for stir fry. Service is average, but the food is why it gets four stars. Really good bowls. No major complaints.
What I like: 
-The meat isn't frozen, that's nice. 
-There is a lot to choose from. 
-The bowls they serve in are nice; I need some for my own house.
- They have a happy hour, and the waitresses are cute.

What I don't like:
-It could be me, but I always feel rushed here. 
- I can't figure out of it's a sports bar with a dining alternative, or if it's a restaurant with a sports bar fetish...
-The man who want to know if I want rice or noodles doesn't speak to me.. he points. (Come on, let's use our words on this one.)


Verdict: 
I am not a big fan of this place, but it really isn't a bad place either. I am very bifurcated. Part of me wants to give this sports bar a 4, but then the rest of me wants to give this franchise eatery a 3.

If only they had beer - wait, they do.
I usually have a hard time giving restaurants 5 stars. However here at GENGHIS GRILL that's not a problem. The meat options are the best in the state as well as the quality. They have pretty much every veggie you would want to add to a stir-fry bowl and the sauces are amazing. I always feel like I am well taken care of here from the refills to the way I am treated when I first walk in. GREAT JOB GENGHIS. You earned this five star rating!!
I went to Genghis Grill for the first time the other night.  My finance had told me about it, and I was a little apprehensive on the concept at first.  But I went willingly anyway (mainly because I was hungry, and I was not paying LOL).  When you first get there, you are handed a bowl, you're seated, and then you go to the area where all the food stuff is located.  This is where you can choose from meats galore, vegetables, sauces, and spices, and anything else you want in it.  After you're done choosing, you pick your starch to go in it.  The greatest thing about this place is that you're essentially the cook:  you pick the ingredients, the spices, and the sauces you want in it, so if you don't like it, it's your own fault, NOT the restaurants.  I really like that concept a lot.  So I was a great cook that night.  LOL.  Oh, and another thing:  when you first put your ingredients in the bowl, it's raw.  You give the person behind the counter your bowl full of stuff, and they cook it for you and place your stuff together (with your starch) in a larger bowl for you to pig out on.  I recommend this place to anyone who is a picky eater.  This place would have gotten five stars, but I'm not too keen with the wait staff.  If you can get past Skippy waiting your table, then you'll be fine.  Enjoy.
Blah and yuck! Basically a buffet.
I used to go to YC's all the time but this place has been replacing it. I am not sure why... maybe the $1 sake during happy hour?

Anyway, today there was a special for $6.99 bowls so my friends and I went. There's a variety of ingredients like bacon, sausage, pepperoni, chicken, beef, scallops, calamari, white fish, etc. Then there's the veggies and then the sauces.

The portions are definitely smaller than YC's. I still managed to get a pretty good amount of food into my bowl. At YC's, you have a bigger bowl and it's easier to smash everything into it. Here... not so much. But I found a way around it. Build a wall with broccoli and essentially make your bowl twice as big. It's a work of art and architecture in the end.

Sauces and flavors are good. Variety. Nice place to hang out with friends. :) Just make it work your buck. Pack it in!
I don't know how anyone could consider this place disgusting. It's delicious!!! You know it's buffet style so you can pick and choose what you want in your bowl. Love the idea!! The food is amazing!
Typical Mongolian BBQ grill - you get a (smallish) bowl, choose your proteins, veggies, sauces, and starches, then hand them over for cooking. They bring the finished dish to your table. I chose chicken, salmon, scallops, a variety of vegetables,  a curry sauce, and rice noodles. The resulting dish was OK, a bit on the bland side; perhaps this is because I didn't take as much sauce as I should have. The staff is friendly and helpful, but the queue at the ingredients trays moves slowly.
This place is only as good as the ingredients you choose. I learned that the hard way while trying to make sure my dish would be spicy. I overloaded on the heat and my meal was barely edible. It takes some practice to make the perfect meal, making sure to not overdo a particular ingredient or seasoning (dragon salt in my case). I recommend asking someone for some recipes, or finding a recipe card.
I used to come to Genghis almost once a month when I was attending ASU and I loved it but when I was in town this past weekend visiting my experience was very different from what I was used to.

While I was filling up my sauce the manager came up behind me and told me everything had to fit in the bowl (I had placed 2 eggs in a tin cup) I said oh well that's a new rule I never had to do that before. The manager said no it has always been that way and I responded NO it has not actually and he proceeded to tell me that now he is running this place and why it's not going bankrupt. I then had enough of our arguing back and forth and asked how much extra for an egg and he told me $2 per extra egg... which is absolutely insane when you can buy an entire carton for $2!!!! I finally gave up and made a nest on top of my bowl for the egg.

When I sat my waiter Jong was fantastic no complaints on him but throughout my meal the manager kept giving me dirty looks and made me feel very uncomfortable. He never came over to the table or any table for that matter just glared around the restaurant the whole time I was there.  

Still love the food  and service from waiter but disappointed in new manager and his ridiculous price on an extra egg and the experience vibe he gave me, very unprofessional.
Last night was an epic fail on the service side of things. So apparently Erica (not sure of spelling since she never came back) was near her end of shift and decided to just leave us in a lurch, which meant our drinks were empty the majority of the meal and I had to get a manager to figure out someone to bring our check so we could just get out of there. Thanks for the crappy birthday meal experience.
The owner is nice.
Drink specials here are absurd. ABSOLUTELY great.
We met here for lunch.  First of all there were no shrimp. Then we made our choices,  between the coming stone and our table,  our meat/ fish choices had disappeared and then we got bowks that were not ours.   The manager told my elderly mom that her name sounded Like that of a man. Very tactful!  Not a good experIence.
I am always a fan of stir fry. This place is awesome for me since I am a picky eater, and I pick exactly what goes in my bowl. The food is always great. But the rating is lacking two stars due to customer service. When we walked in it looked like the hostess had just left the stand, and didn't let us know she would be right back. She wasn't quick to return and the busser was polite enough to greet us and fetch her for us. Our server was fine for most of the meal until the end. He took our drinks to refill and didnt return for quite a few minutes. He left the check on the table and went to take it before we had put our payment in the pocket. We weren't finished eating! After he brought back the check he left us with a pen and we let it sit while we were still eating. The server proceeded to take the pen from our table give it to another table, again before we had signed or even finished our meal! I was annoyed. I understand in a restaurant in order to make money you need to turn over your tables. But come on, that was just rediculous. I will continue coming to this Genghis as long as that guy doesnt serve me again.
This place has a unique concept: create your own meal. I guess if you are creative, go head and give this place a try. If you don't like what you're eating then you can't blame anyone else because you're the individual that created the dish.

So if you're confused about what I'm writing about, this restaurant is a create your own entree place. You are basically your own chef. You pick your meats, veggies, side items, seasoning, etc. and hope that what you picked out will end up looking (and tasting) appetizing. 

This restaurant is categorized as Mongolian, but I don't think what I created was Mongolian-like. lol. I really wished they had a separate menu on the side for those that are indecisive and would rather pick something truly Mongolian. :)

My tip is don't be afraid to had lots of meats and seasoning. I regret this because mine was light on the meat side, and it tasted super bland. 

I would recommend this place if you're tired of ordering from a menu and would like to test the waters with new and inventive dishes.
Genghis grill rocks. If you like YCs then you will love this place. I prefer it because they have larger bowls, the meats aren't frozen and their selection is better. I so like the fact that hey have predetermined recipes that you can follow on some cards before you enter the line.
One of my favorite place!
This tempe location always has great drink specials and the staff is very friendly
I had the pleasure of stopping in at the Genghis grill at The Tempe Marketplace today after a long day of work, I had some food which was decent but what made me write this review was the service I received while there for Happy hour. I had the pleasure of being served by the bartender Amanda was her name i believe. Prompt service with a smile, very engaging, stayed on top of my drink orders and was an overall joy to be around. I'd go back just to be served by her. Made my night better. Thanks Amanda, you were great!
This was my first time eating here and I found it to be a very pleasant experience. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. He explained how the process all worked and was very on top of refilling our drinks. My kids really enjoyed being able to make their own bowls and had a lot of fun with it. The meats are fresh and not frozen, there's plenty to choose from as far as topping are concerned. You can sample the sauces to find the one you like the best or you can mix and match. Bottom line was that the food was good, the prices were fair, and the customer service was great. Will be coming back!
I have to say i was very happy with the service this time around. They have new owners and i love the new settings inside. It is more personalized where the server actually calls your name instead of a number and it looks alot more organized and cleaner. I will be going back because im once again a fan of the service.
= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET  = = = = =

Barely resisting the great Smashburger right next door, I dropped into Genghis here for some Mongolian style Lunch Buffet today...

Table service from "Martika" was friendly, & I loaded up my lunch bowl with a variety of meats from the selection of FOURTEEN (!), including various forms of chicken, beef, pork and seafood.  I particularly enjoyed being able to toss in bacon & scallops!     :-))

Over in the fruits, veggies, eggs etc. area I selected numerous treats including a top favorite, Chinese Snow Peas, piling my bowl up as high as I could without any spilling out onto the tray, for which the sign says they would charge you extra!     :-O

For cooking sauces this time I went with a cup of Khanzu & a cup of Dragon, after tasting them, plus a little garlic water.

At the end of the help-yourself line you select starches...  one with the smallest bowl, two with a medium (which I had) or three with a large.  I chose fried rice & rice noodles, which the chef cooks & combines with the contents of the bowl you turned in.  Then pretty soon your new larger bowl containing everything cooked is brought to your table.

I liked this location a little more than the one on Bell Rd., but less than either of the YC's Mongolian Grill locations I have visited.  The dining room comfort was ok, not great, and the food came out tasting ok but it was greasy.  It's also rather expensive for what you're getting.

Small:  $8.99
Medium:  $10.99
Large (or unlimited Small Bowls):  $13.99
Me and my boyfriend came here recently and he has an allergy so he always writes on the ticket allergy for the grill when he got his bowl back he could taste sauce which says they didn't read his allergy and clean the grill. My bf told the manager and he proceeds to tell him we can wash it off for you. Seriously? Wash it off? This guy wasn't kidding either I can't make this up. Sorry to say we won't be eating here anymore.
New owners and it shows. The decor is completely renovated and they have taken out a view obstructing wall, which has really opened the placed up. I hadn't been at this location for several months but recently stopped in with some coworkers for lunch and was blown away by the design changes. The atmosphere is much more lively and inviting. The service was great and the quality of food, as always, was great. I really like what they did with the bar area as this is where they removed a wall that really obstucted your view of the restuarant when sitting at the bar. Now, it's completely open and is a welcomed change. Will be visiting again.
I used to LOVE this place, but they have new owners and while they've made some improvements, the manager that's always there is such a jerk! He was super rude to me and my friends on multiple occasions, and said the same thing that he apparently said to anoter reviewer on here. Something along the lines of "well that's why the other owners went bankrupt, and things are different now."
The food is still good, but they did increase the drink prices. It just doesn't seem as busy and laid back as it used to be. More of corporate feel now. 
We love the concept so we'll probably be back, but miss the previous owners
Let me start by saying that I was pretty hungry when I stopped into Genghis Grill. The concept is similar to other locations in the valley with smaller portions than others I have visited. The staff was super friendly and very helpful but please.... the buffet where you load your food was filthy! Not just spilled food, but dirty bowls to heap your food into and crusty little sauce bowls too. I can't believe the health department hasn't taken a peek at that. The food was fair but I just couldn't get past the mess. Sorry.
I have never had bad service here and I have always been a big fan and will continue to be. The bowls are good along with the service. I didn't even notice that the drink prices went up. I wish that they would start excepting Tradesource again, I would use all my trade dollars here. 
I have introduced many friends to Genghis Grill since it opened a few years ago and almost all of them loved it.
Genghis is okay. I have had better and I have had worse. It's nice being able to customize your bowl and adding only what you want. You can really stack a lot of protein into your bowl and the price is the same. Service is average- nothing notable to me. For a quick tasty lunch, genghis is good.
I've been here twice before, most recently 4 months ago. We really liked it as a standard Mongolian BBQ. However, I went last night and was disappointed. They've switched to small, med, and large bowl options which is an OK idea, but the small is $8.99 and TINY. All of the handles for scoop ingredients were filthy and sticky up to the tips of the handles. They added tasting spoons for sauces (again good idea), but the flavors of the sauces were lacking and homogeneous, with many being honey-something or other. Someone mentioned new owners, which may explain the changes.

The only high point was our waitress, Victoria I believe, who was amazing! However, her awesome serving skills weren't enough for me to plan to come back.
Oh Genghis Grill, why can't you open a location in Northern California yet?

Was in town for spring training this past week and I HAD to stop in at Genghis, as it's one of my favorite restaurants in the area. I used to go in at least once a week for the food and my favorite server/bartender Mike. I was happy to see he was still there when we went in and still giving the impecable service he did when I lived out there. If I could steal him and make him move to Cali, I would. He's that good.

I was shocked when I walked in, because they have completely redesigned this location. I thought it was classy and beautiful. The upgrades they have made seem to be working in their favor.

Go in and ask for Mike if he's working. You won't be sorry.
Love, love, love their fun Mongolian establishment! It's self-serve and build your own meal, but they've got all the cool stuff, and an extensive selection of ingredients to choose from! So much you'd be so undecided on what to choose. Was in town visiting family and ended up coming TWICE! Here is my take and how why both visits are worthy of a rare 5 star:

1.) THE MEAT: This is one of the best parts. From what I recall, they have Chicken, Spicy Chicken, Fish, Steak, Beef, Bacon, Pepperoni, Crab, Eggs, and a few other things that I forget. Everything looked very fresh! 

2.) TASTE TEST YOUR FLAVORS! You can taste as many sauces as you'd like, and you can mix them. If you're not sure try them! This is not your typical Mongolian, they have sauces like Kung Pao and Teriyaki which is all you really need if you want that type of a dish.

3.) INDECISIVE? DON'T KNOW WHERE TO START? No worries. In the beginning of the line, they have fun recipe cards you can use and to help you start so then if you're looking to put in your flavor...you can play around with it. Think of it as an inspiration card.

4.) CHOOSE YOUR STARCH: I usually go with the brown rice. I love that that they have brown rice and I'm sure you healthy eaters will too. Think it's not enough? You can get it on cabbage as well to be extra lean!

5.) SUPER COOL TOUCH PAD: Here, you can split your tab with your lunch date and fun touch pad games while waiting. You can order drinks which we did one night during dinner; it was delivered FAST!

**I love that this brings an opportunity to just get creative. You can be really interactive with it. The place has a great ambiance to hang out and have fun! We will be back anytime we are in AZ.
Before I start my review, a matter of full disclosure first: I am the contestant for this Genghis Grill's 2014 Health Kwest, a competition to lose weight over 60 days eating Genghis Grill once a day for each of those days. As part of this competition I do get a free bowl for those 60 days and must complete social media challenges for the possibility to win money at the end of the competition, one of the challenges is to complete a Yelp review. I will try to be as fair handed as possible.

This particular branch of Genghis Grill fell under new ownership a couple of months back and they have done wonderful work to update the look of the restaurant and up the skill of its employees, and it shows. The new bar and dining area are tasteful and the staff is excellent. 

Over the past 48 days, I have become acquainted with a number of the staff who know me by name and are always pleasant. Allen, Andrew, and Mike have always been skilled behind the bar and make sure my stays are pleasant and my glass of water is never empty. Arnell and the grill staff are always hard at work and always make sure my bowls are well taken care of and never burned or under-cooked. David, Martika, Hailey, and Edwin have been some of the best servers, making sure my bowls are brought to the table quickly and always greet myself and any guests with a smile and great attitude.

The food here is what you make of it, quite literally. There is a variety of meats from beef and chicken to turkey and calamari. With plenty of seasonings and loads of vegetables the real struggle is to limit yourself so your flavor combination doesn't overpower itself. This is one area of criticism. While some recipe cards are offered at the line, there could definitely be more, showing how versatile a Mongolian stir fry can be. Given the combinations, you aren't limited to just an Asian inspired meal. You can branch out to an Italian pasta dish with pepperoni and red sauce. You can do some outstanding fajitas or even a manly beef and vegetable with barbeque sauce dish. I just wish they had 1) a salad bar and 2) a buffalo sauce so you could make a buffalo chicken and vegetable dish.

My only criticisms are minor and I really enjoy the establishment. And don't let people tell you these places are grossly unhealthy, if you do your bowl right and pay attention, they can be extremely good for you. Even my vegetarian mom loves this place.
*Be careful if you have allergies, the cooks don't read your instructions*


I've been to the tempe location of genghis grill several times, and it's a refreshing change from the usual mongolian grill places like YC's. I appreciate the fact that they have brown rice, and healthier options, you can go all veggie, you can go all meat, it has equal parts food for everyone to enjoy. The offering of shrimp and calamari is nice too, few asian bbqs offer anything good, just frozen white fish.

My problem with this location is that the people running the grill are not careful enough and I doubt their grasp of the english language. In any other case I would not care who speaks what, but when it comes to actual concerns about food ALLERGIES, the guys cooking the food, to your instructions, should understand what you said and take it seriously  The last time I went here I was with a group, I put my dish together with what I like, and I never add any of the flavored sauces, their sauces have ingredients that I am allergic to. When your done you go up to the counter and you tell the cooks what starch you want,  and you can even write on a special request card about allergies, and any requests. I wrote down allergies, clean stove 

You'd think that cooks in charge of people's food, with a guests' allergies in mind would understand that it is important and watch their work. Nope. I got my bowl, it smelled sweet, and it was visibly darker than usual, I had my friend take a bite and it was for sure cooked in sweet teriyaki sauce, the bowl was ruined for me and the line was now long and huge, I'd have to wait 20 minutes to get back to dinner if I went back in line. Lame.  Presented the problem to a manager, and the reply I got was this: "Ohh there's sauce, we can wash it off real quick with hot water, you won't taste it", I reminded the manager that this was an allergy, you can't wash it off, and I was offered a new bowl and to cut in line in front of everyone. Okay, nice enough fix, the manager did what they could to fix it after the fact, but it was a cruddy experience.

When I tell a cook in plain english that I have an allergy, and even write it down on a card for them to read while doing their job, and they don't do it, how do you trust them after that? Lame. I'm never coming back to this location ever.

Otherwise, it's a fine place to chill...they just need to clean up the serving ladels and spoons, those things are sticky...gotta sanitize towel that stuff.
I used to love this place but I've had two bad visits in a row so I'm done. Yesterday 2 out of the 4 people at my table got the wrong starch, one had a very long delay because they'd somehow lost his bowl, another had totally raw egg in their bowl and we all had trouble getting drinks refilled. The prior visit my husbands bowl was served to the table next to us but the gentleman recognized that it wasn't his and sent it away. It was eventually served to my husband although they did offer to let him make a new bowl. Honestly, no one wants to start over when everyone else at the table has their meal. It seems like once they upgraded the decor everything else went downhill. Nothing is quite as clean and tidy as it used to be and the ingredients aren't as fresh. I also was bothered to see the busser wiping chairs and tables with the same towel but I see that at a lot of places...yuck!
I'm on the fence about this place. It was slow when we went in, so service was overly efficient -- he was around all the time -- and quick. Everything was plenty tasty, from the chicken pot stickers to the chicken stir fry.

What I don't like about places like this is serving myself. You stand in a line, fill up your bowl with your toppings -- including raw meat -- and let them cook it for you. When the check came, it was $75 for four people to eat and share an appetizer and a dessert. Plus we had to do some of the work! I'd go for a quick bite to eat for lunch or something, but probably wouldn't go back again if I was looking for a nice dinner with table service. It's a little too pricey for what you get.
This location has new ownership and it has been amazing! Now one of my favorite places to go.
I've eaten here a few times and I've really enjoyed it. This last time though has made me reconsider. My dad was visiting from out of town and I thought this was the perfect place because he loves building his own dishes and he has a big appetite. When we arrived the restaurant wasn't too busy, no one was up at the hostess stand so we waiting to be seated, only about 5 minutes until we were greeted. Our food came out fast, almost too fast. My food was fine, but my dad was saying he didn't think it was cooked all the way through. Our waiter was nowhere to be found, our waters stayed empty. Finally, he came around and we both asked for more noodles, something I do every time I come. The side he brought was so small, definitely smaller than I'm used to. When we got the bill we were charged 1.99 each for the side of noodles! Not worth 2 bucks...and I've never been charged when I ask for extra every other time I've been there. The whole reason I went there over YC's is because you can get extra. I don't know if I got lucky every other time, or he just charged us to charge us. Either way, if you want more starch, make sure you ask if it's extra. Total was $28 for our 2 medium bowls and 2 sides of noodles. When we went to pay our waiter was standing over us as we took out the money and was very quick to get us out. I felt rushed. My dad was very disappointed and thought the food was just OK. Probably could have received a more quality meal for 28 bucks. Not sure if I'll be back...definitely won't recommend. My dad isn't hard to please, so if he's not happy, you know there's a problem.
I've been here a few times and I could never make my dish good. Recently though, it finally came out well and I've been returning ever since! We were waiting for our movie to start and decided to get a few drinks. Customer service has always been good to me. We ended up just getting some drinks, saki, and pot stickers. You can't go wrong with their happy hour its really not that bad. I can definitely see myself coming back here!
Pros:
-good selection of veggies, meats, and other items to put in your stir fry
-staff was friendly when they messed up my order (they made it w/ rice instead of udon noodles)
-the sirloin tip was tasty
-I like the Dragon sauce
-the dining area was clean and comfortable

Cons:
-the stuff in the back row of the assembly line is hard to reach, at least for me. and I don't think my arms are unusually short.
-you don't get a TON of food for your money, like at YC's; disclaimer: I haven't been to YCs for about 5 years so I don't know how expensive they are now. for $11.69 (including tip) I got a small bowl with udon noodles that filled me up, but just barely if you know what I mean. I was hungry again 2.5 hours later.
-like other reviewers said, handles for the sauce ladles are sticky and stuff

overall, I like the healthy aspect to this place and it's a great place for vegetarians since there are so many veggies and tofu to add to your stir fry.
I really wanted to love this place but I cant. YC's is a much better deal. 
Smaller portions, higher prices, drinks not included, no extras like soup and frozen yogurt and a server that you need to tip for not doing much of anything. Bleh

If I'm going to stand in line and create my own meal, let me wait for it and carry it to my table so I don't feel obligated to tip.

Nice selection of meats and noodles, sauces and spices - but I would never choose this place over YC's. Tried it 3 x's and just don't like it.
They do serve alcohol here so that is a plus.
Been here twice and I love it! I had no idea what I was putting in my bowl the first time I came, and was a little overwhelmed because I didn't really know how it worked but I was not disappointed! Whatever I put in there came out awesome! 

Second visit, I knew more what I was doing and what to go for. Just wish they would have some suggestions on good mixes....and also more dessert items. 

Another plus, the computer check out systems. Its so much faster if you're paying with a credit card.
This location was better a year ago before they turned it around to make it like all the other ones. I remember back in the day, Happy Hour was all weekend and all well drinks were $2!!  They didn't have all the perks, like the appetizers or "large" bowl option, or even the little ordering cards.

I keep going back though, and the food is still tasting good, so I am acclimating. I really like the build-it-yourself philosophy.  Perhaps I am a control freak, but I like to decide how much spice and sauce and broccoli goes into my bowl. I like a lot of broccoli, moderate amount of sauce, and a little spice.  My husband goes the complete opposite route with no broccoli, tons of sauce, and too much spice. It just would not be a complete experience at Genghis Grill if it does not include him pondering that maybe his bowl is too spicy.

Getting back to those appetizers, I suggest skipping them. If you shove down all the contents of your bowl as you  go through the line, a regular bowl is enough food.  We got the edamame last time because it was included in a coupon, and it was mediocre. We also got the ice cream since it was also included in the coupon, and it was also mediocre.  Envision two very small scoops of vanilla ice cream in a small dish, lightly drizzled with chocolate sauce.  That is the sundae. No whip cream, no sprinkles and no cherry on top. 

The servers are always friendly and the people watching is usually acceptably entertaining.  Sign up for their mailing list because you get good coupons (although then you wind up with boring edamame and cherry-less sundaes....). Kids eat free on Tuesdays!
What Waterloo needs most is decent restaurants.Mongolian Grill is not helping this issue. The premise behind Mongolian grill is that you pick out your ingredients/sauces and pass then to a "chef" who operates a teppanyaki of some sorts. There is a large selection of ingredients and sauces to choose from. However, most of the ingredients are lacking in freshness. 

Going to Mongolian Grill is usually hit or miss depending on the freshness of the ingredients of that day and the chef's competence at the grill. Overall I would avoid Mongolian Grill.
I agree with Nokolaos. The food here is sub par. Good for customization if you have a group of people with some fussy eaters, but overall, lacking in pizzaz. In addition to freshness issues, I find the Mongolian lacking in flavor. The sauces for example don't really add much to the stirfry and unless i drown my food in them, I can barely taste them.
The best part about this place is the fact that it can accomodate groups and that I have had some great times here with great friends. 

If you're looking for good food with flavour, skip this place. It is way overpriced. They are closing in on $20 for the all-you-can-eat stir fry. It lacks flavour, despite the fact that they offer a large selection of sauces to season your dish. 

The patio here is nice and the beer is pretty cheap. It certainly caters to the university crowd. I`ll likely be back, against my better judgement, only for great times with friends though, and I just might skip the food.
The idea behind this grill is awesome but the quality of food is bad. The food was cooked on a super hot 'grill' which caused the noodles to burn. And there was a baseline aftertaste which was very unpleasant. The ingredients themselves looked relatively fresh but not necessarily super appetizing. The staff was super helpful and provided good service.
I love Mongolian Barbeque in general, but I don't like it that the meat here is all messy and raw at the buffet.  It should be sliced thin and frozen to avoid the sloppy mess.

BTW, you can find the Region of Waterloo health inspector's report of this business at http://regweb.region.waterloo.on.ca/foodinspectioniCreateSite.nsf/aaShowDetails?openagent&pid=F1DEAA81-8826-4D3C-87D3-A14F78E1AEC5
Some of the items are hit and miss but overall not bad. I didn't really like the sausage but its all you can it, so if you get a miss just try again. I like all the varieties of sauces and herbs so you can make your dish unique and just the way you like it. It's a bit tricky knowing what herbs go with what but there are a few recipes you can follow if you want some guidance.
I thought they way you get your ingredients, especially at the meat section was messy and unorganized. I liked how they had a lot of selections of sauces that you can try. I also thought it was a little overpriced for only getting main course food with no dessert section.
Had a horrible experience there last night. When we arrived at 6:30, we were told they were running out of beef, chicken, and sausage. Since we only planned to have a bowl each, it was fine for us. We had never been there for dinner so didn't know that you had to do the all you can eat option for dinner since our waitress took our menus away within a minute of sitting down, not even asking if we were going to order off the menu. When we got to the ingredient area, we noticed there was no seafood either. The sauces we wanted to use were all gone. Then near the end, after finding out it was all you can only, our waitress started clearing our table and took our bowls away and the tortillas without asking if we were finished. When I mentioned we weren't done, she apologized along with an excuse for why she did it, assuming we were done. After about 5 minutes, she told us tortillas were out so plan accordingly. When I wanted to speak to a manager he was not available (out buying tortillas). Basically we paid $40 for 3 bowls of crap. Waitress did apologize that they didn't have anything that night and offered another excuse of why that was the case. Tip - never apologize and follow it up with an excuse. Used to love going here in my university days but will never return again.
Walking in, I had no idea what we were getting in for. 

It turns out that you pile meats, vegetables, nuts, fruits, and sauces from an extensive buffet line into a small bowl for the "chefs" who will fry it all up for you. Chicken, scallops, pork, beef, zucchini, carrots, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, asparagus, mushrooms, onions, mandarin oranges, pineapple, garbanzo beans, and a WHOLE lot more are available for the choosing. Plus over 30 sauces are available for mixing and matching. 

When first approaching the stack of bowls, I noticed that they were all soiled. Icky! Not my idea of a good first impression. While satisfied with the choices, I found myself going back to my favorite standbys each time I filled a new bowl. Yes, it is all-you-can-eat.

The Cooking Method: Dudes take your bowl, slop it onto a large rotating flat grill (consistently too close to my neighbors pile, I might mention), and flip them until "finished". Meanwhile I'm waiting for my food to cook, I see significant pieces of my ingredients falling into the catch basin while they are being flipped. Dang! I wanted that piece of chicken in there!

I must admit that the crab rangoon were mighty tasty. My mom longed for shrimp, which they apparently only serve during dinner. They did, however, send out a funnel cake dessert to celebrate my mother's birthday which was nice. 

BREAKDOWN: The food was ok. I like the idea of make-your-own stirfry. Atmosphere was way too corporate. Decent prices at lunch. Skived out by the messiness of the whole thing. 

I WOULD NOT SUGGEST THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE WITH FOOD ALLERGIES!
Standard Mongolian grill style restaurant. Ingredients are replenished quickly. Food is grilled even quicker. 

Seafood ingredients include: shrimp, calamari, squid, shark meat and prawns. 

Regardless of the input combination of ingredients most dishes come out with the same taste with varying levels of spice, bitterness and salt. 

To get your money's worth bring a healthy appetite.
I found the food to be very good and the selection of items to and sauces to be the perfect amount to choice from.
The area is a little small and can fill up fast during peak times and can be hard to get around at times.
Not exactly sure how to rate this place, seeing how it depends on how well YOU make your meal.

HuHot is a lot like Flat Top Grill, meaning that it's a make-your-own "stir-fry"(although it's allegedly "Mongolian") joint. I think this place has a few more items and sauces for your dish, but it's very much like Flat Top.

I think this would be a great place to take kids and/or picky eaters, since everyone can get EXACTLY what they want. 

Don't get the martini that looks like Windex, it's nasty...$7 worth of nastiness.
Had a great time, and what a fun concept.  Pretty classic mongolian grille fare (lots of proteins, vegies and a TON of sauce combinations) with a very friendly set of grill masters.

Took my 7 yr old son and he had sooo much fun putting together his own combination and watching them cook it in front of him.

Highly recommend it
Seriously?  $13+ to scoop up some frozen food and then have a chef "stir fry" it for 5 minutes?  I really just don't understand the appeal of HutHot.  The restaurant itself is the typical chain of suburban-style places that put some kind of authentic looking name on a place that is more ordinary then what I get at the grocery store.

First off, the food that is provided in the buffet might be all you can eat, but I'd never want to make more than one trip.  It's all frozen, the beef is thinly sliced and of a poor cut, the vegetables / side items are all stringy and pathetic looking, and there's little description to go with the labels.

I tried a few of the user recommended combinations, only to be confronted with a dish that had an awkward taste to it and left me with a half-full plate of something I had no interest in finishing.

I hate being harsh on a restaurant, but this is not something I'd recommend to anyone.  If you want all you can eat, you could go to an OCB and probably get better food (and I'd feel bad for you then too), and if you wanted Asian cuisine, there's plenty that are much better (or your own cooking).

I understand the concept of these places.  Sure, you make your own food but they're supposed to provide ingredients and cuts that are better than what you could find at the grocery store.  Too bad this doesn't ring true with HuHot.  At least the service was ok and the items were well stocked.  Other than that, absolutely nothing that would compel me to spend $13 there again.
Now granted I'm opposed to the idea of Mongolian grills in the first place for the usual reasons, but at least with Flat Top nothing is frozen, it's nice inside, and if you go up a few times it's a good deal (well, for lunch at least). The whole ambiance of HuHot just felt trashy.
Food is OK. Too expensive for what you get. It is a liitle more reasonable during weekday lunch.
You try so hard, but Hu Hot - I'm just not that into you... 

Your sauces have no flavor. Some of your food is fresh, some isn't. Your branding is pretty cheesy. The seafood is poor quality. Just not loving it.

The people seem nice, but unfortunately that just won't cut it.

For my chain Mongolian bbq fix, I'm sticking with Flat Top.
No idea why those here are trashing this place so bad. It's just like any other Mongolian BBQ chain I have been to. Maybe better. Yeah the meat is frozen. So what? The other places had it frozen also before thawing it in the buckets. The sauces were good in my opinion, not bland. And there were many of them to choose from. Especially the black Thai peanut sauce which was great on chicken. The vegetable selection was large and nothing ran low while I was there. Service was good and the food was cooked as quickly as possible. I tried small plates of several different combos and thought everything was good. How can $13 seem too expensive when you get to build and watch your own food cooked in front of you? This is not monumental food but is sure hits the spot when you are craving some stir fry noodles that can be as spicy as you like. I would go here again.
There seems to be a lot of controversy regarding the HuHot, let me try and explain why I understand both sides...no, actually there's nothing to understand--the general premise is that HuHot and most Mongolian Grills in general heap large/unlimited portions of bland uninspired food at you and expect you to be awed by the concept of a large stir-fry and wide array of ingredients.

To over-analyze it some, this premise if you can call it that is inherently flawed because at its core what makes a good restaurant is quality of ingredients, quality of preparation and service.  Service here basically is to explain the concept; so shakes out as largely a non-factor.  HuHot's ingredients are soooo bland, the meats are frozen and have no marinade or rub to them, the freezing of the vegetables results in the same end-result. 

Supporters want to clamor that the sauces give flavor and you can choose whatever you like! (like you can't find something at a normal restaurant) But the sauces are just alright and merely an attempt to cover up the blandness problem.  

HuHot is tolerable for where it is on the "new" west-side of Madison as it's a relatively quick n easy lunch spot for all the new offices out there.  And I'll admit I find their stereotypical Asian menu rather amusing.  But one could create a tastier stir-fry at home.  The Parthenon is one of man's greatest constructions but without any skill it's just a pile of rocks.
First of all, it's not gourmet, high end, or romantic. I wouldn't come here on Valentine's. But it is a good deal of you are hungry and know you can make three or more trips up through the buffet line, and I think it's fun and tasty. 

For novices to Mongolian BBQ places, after being seated and ordering drinks and appetizers, choosing a soup or the house salad (free with meal) and designating if you would like white or brown rice, or tortillas with your meal, you head up to the raw buffet. You pile a bowl with whatever meats (choose from beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, 2 kinds of sausage, fish) and veggies (there are about 20 varieties, so I won't list them) or noodles (3 varieties) you want. Then you add pre-made sauces, or concoct your own, using soy, garlic oil, lime juice, sesame oil, etc. You then head to the large round grill, hand your bowl to a cook, and they grill it while you wait. Whole process takes between 5-10 minutes, depending on the crowd. Repeat as desired.

Yes, the meats are frozen, as are some veggies. But so are most of the foods you get at other places, before they arrive at your table fully cooked. You just aren't aware that the ingredients were frozen before they got to your plate. Putting out the frozen product decreases the risk of food poisoning, as the less time a food is at room temperature, the better.

Yes, the cooks are cooking your food "right next" to another patron's food. But so what? What do people thinks happen in the kitchen of any other restaurant? If you were under the impression that a restaurant kitchen only cooks one meal at a time on the grill, or sanitizes the grill between orders, you were sadly mistaken. 

Someone noticed that the cooks dropped a utensil and reused it. I have been here no less than 6 times, have seen dropped utensils a few times, and always saw them placed in a separate bin and never reused. But are you sure that the cooks hidden in a kitchen at your favorite restaurant never reuse a dropped utensil? Really?

Anyway, getting to the food - I have 2 picky kids. Both like meat, and hate veggies. This is their idea of paradise. They can make exactly what they want, and as a bonus, kids 11 and under eat for $4.79. This was an awesome deal for my son at age 11.  Once when we were there, a group of 6 UW guys were eating, and went up at least 5 times. Again, for them it must have been a bargain.

As for the sauces, you can make them as tasty as you want with all of the ingredients available. At first mine were hit or miss, until I figured out some good combinations. They also have recipe cards that list ways to make some tasty combos.

One caution: I would not go here if I had severe food allergies. I saw the routine the cooks go through to clean the grill for someone with allergies. It's the same routine that cooks in other restaurants use for people with allergies, but for someone like my niece with life-threatening allergies, I would never bring her here given the possibility of contamination. But she also rarely eats at any restaurant, for the exact same concerns.

Overall, it's a good deal if you are hungry, kids love it, it's great for picky eaters. But it's not for people who prefer to have their food prepared out of their sight.
I honestly love HuHot, and go there at least 1 to 2 times a month.  The staff is always friendly, but not always prompt, especially with refills.  The first time I was there, no one told us ingredients in the sauces, and no one asked if we had any food allergies.  I ended up eating an entire plateful of food in a sauce that I was allergic to, and it got pretty bad.  Since then, I noticed they not only ask each time, but then the grillers clean a spot on the grill extra clean and keep your food separate if you do have an allergy, and even use different spatulas and what not.  They even have a book they offer you if you have a food allergy to show you all ingredients in everything they have.  It was because of this care of the customers that has kept me coming back.  I've always felt welcome here, and even a few of the waiters take time to recognize us and come over and say hi.

As for the food, it is pretty much delicious.  Being a vegetarian, it is nice to put together my own meal and just skip the meat section.  There are a ton of things a vegetarian can eat, and I'm always stuffed well past dinner time after eating only 2 platefuls here.  The food is pretty much always fresh and well stocked.  However, definitely take your time with the sauces.  I have tried a bunch of different combinations, and I honestly think you really have to try hard to screw up the sauces part (I have put some weird ones together and it has never tasted bad!), but be mindful of the type of sauce you are putting in to know how much you need.  They have good combination ideas on little cards for you to follow, but if you like the sauce to give you the most taste instead of just complimenting your ingredients, then add a few extra spoonfuls of your favorites.  I find when I follow the rule of thumb there, it tastes good, but slightly bland, and always add maybe one or two extra spoonfuls of something to make it more "saucy."  If you go overboard and get too much in there, it can get messy, but you only have to deal with it from the sauce stand to the grill, and they have napkins and hand sanitizer there.

The only reason I give this place 4 instead of 5 stars is just due to slow service most of the visits.  Other than that, definitely a place to check out!

Don't forget to throw in a tip for the grillers at the end!
We agree with the last review...there's no reason to trash this place, everything was great. Food was good, place was clean, decor is cool, people were super friendly (especially considering we were there an hour after close), the cook was awesome & performing tricks. The only thing is dinners are $12.49 which is ok on occasion, but the $1 beers totally made up for it!
Good service (Rob). You choice what do you want eat. They have a salad and beefs bar for choice and in minutes the good "cocineros" lo hacen para usted! Muchas salsas para escoger!
Never again...I guess they don't have much in the way of Mongolian bbq in Madison but this was a poor excuse for it at best...the meat didn't look fresh...the bar area was not well maintained...food was everywhere...the sauce area was a disaster...the offer you rice and soup to go with your dinner and the rice isn't cooked properly...and the soup was a sad excuse for hot and sour...YUCK!!!
Once and only once...never again HuHot
HuHot was good, it wasn't amazing. The concept was exciting at first of creating your own stir fry. I went straight to the suggested recipe cards and picked out the Peanut Chicken ingredients. The bowls you put your stir fry ingredients in were not appealing in any way. They looked like cheap, plastic, semi dirty bowls. The freeze dried meat did not impress, not even once it has been cooked. However, my dining experience was fun and I would consider going there again.
Good food selection and a hell of a lot cleaner than most "Mongolian" BBQ places. Friendly staff too.
I tried HuHat again and was impressed this second time around. I will definitely be going back! I need to learn to pace myself when I fill the bowl the first time around so that I have am hungry enough to go back for seconds. There are so many stir fry options to choose from.
Staff is very friendly. Service is quick. Food is "eh".   My advice is use lots of sauce because the veggies and meats don't have much to offer.
Meat was completely rock solid frozen. I don't think that's normal compared to other mongolian grills (let's call it MG) I have been to but maybe its better sanitation wise? I thought my meat turned out good, my bf's meat was still cold in some parts and he complained the meat was tough.  (I will say that I was very hungry and inhaled the food in half the time that my bf did even though he's 3x's my size--which never happens) 

Meat selection wasn't that extensive compared to other MG's i've been to. 

We went on labor day and they were open (yay!) and there wasn't a line to get to the grill.
My kids enjoy the variety and ability to mix things up with multiple trips to the grill.  I can mix up some good dishes for myself, though the meat and "seafood" leave something to be desired.  For a dinner buffet, I think it is a good place to take the family and have a decent range of options.
For a quick stop, this place filled my tum and that's about all I needed at the time. I was happy with this visit, but won't make it a destination spot.

The variety of items available for the grill wasn't the wide selection that I'm used to from other favorites.
the place has a wide variety of sauces to select from..... the food is fresh and good in taste.....i like their egg drop soup as well.... it is a nice place to have lunch, less crowd at that time....
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! This is probably one of the most spectacular eating experiences I have ever had. Ok, first things first. Location is OK but not great. It is in an odd spot between Middleton and Madison but is also near some other places to eat like a Panera and a nicer sit-down restaurant. I have been here quite a few times and everyone is always really nice and SUPER fast with anything we need like more drinks etc. It's affordable, fast, and delicious. The best thing about it? Technically the only person to mess up your food is yourself. I mean I have received the wrong plate and in my opinion something could have been cooked a little more but otherwise GREAT. 

The cooks are VERY very efficient and always put on a great show! The building itself is very modern and trendy with some great lighting inside and a nice relaxing exterior. The parking is technically in back and the "front door" is on the street so it would be nice to have the door at the... errr... back? where parking is?... um yeah... Anyways, I love coming here for an interesting eating experience because every visit is different from the last. I highly recommend at least eating here once just to see what its like.
This place deserves more than 3 stars. 

I've been here for dinner twice - on a Friday and a Saturday. Saturday dinner was pretty busy, but service and quality stayed reliably at a high standard. 

Service staff was very nice and prompt. They're usually very visible and attentive. They will refill your drinks quickly. A head waiter/manager type of person came around to check up on customers - which is always a good sign.

The food was pretty good, too. I'm not expecting the best cuts of lean meats here. The meat you pick was frozen as expected - and that is fine. It's stirfry, frozen is fine. I did wish the meat was sliced thinner by the supplier. But for what it was - it was good. Though they're missing out on an offering of lamb, they did have the other types of proteins usually included in a Mongolian grill. So the ingredient bar is good enough. They have 20 sauces ready for your choosing. I know what I liked in my stirfry, but they offer sauce recipes to help you out. 

* They actively try to keep the ingredient bar as clean as possible. During busy times it gets a little disarrayed - but it's not like cleaning staff are ignoring their duties. They clean and refill the food often.

The grill itself is run in as efficient manner as one can imagine when grilling an entire restaurant's meals. Be forewarned that when it gets busy you can have a line of 10 ppl waiting to put their raw ingredients in with the grill. Bring a friend to talk to or a phone! Though the food quality was pretty good at the end, one problem is that the cooking time is too long - usually to cook through the meat. Since they are not adding some sort of liquid (a salty broth would be nice) during the cooking process, the starches just start overcooking and a lot of it gets stuck on the grill. This affect is really visible when the grill is at full capacity and only 3-4 chefs are working. A positive is that they won't bother to give you the burned noodle parts. The chefs, though young like from college, were very polite and seemed to have a lot of fun grilling. So they're doing a pretty good job. 

* There's reviews mentioning that when chefs lose their spatulas to the floor, they'll re-use it. .... ???? That sounds preposterous. They are surrounded by 15 customers watching them cook their food. Anyways I actively checked every time a utensil fell to the floor to see where they ended up. The end up in the dirty dishes bin. 

* Spatulas ARE re-used for working between different customers' foods. I think that is fine. They scrape the spatulas between customers, at least. This does mean if you have any food allergies you need to make sure to mention it. AFAIK they have a system for this since the wait staff do ask if you have food allergies before you go up. 

The food was yummy when I ate it.  

They have those 100 flavor soda machines so their drink selection is full of variety. Every time I asked to change flavors the waiter was prompt to get it.

Is $13 for this dinner buffet a smart choice? Yes. I cook sometimes and I eat out sometimes. Cooking up a stirfry is going to be cheaper, but sometimes you're lazy. If you're lazy, you're going to eat out. I've tried so many places in West Madison. You're putting in at least $10 anywhere else just for an entree. I think HuHot is the best value for my money if I'm looking for a good sitr-fry and I'm ready to eat to my heart's content. All the staff so far have been very polite - and it was a great experience to come out having my stir-fry cravings fulfilled.

I hope their service continues at the level I've experienced.

Fun stuff: A great sauce mix: Soy sauce, garlic, chili garlic sauce, chili oil.  
Simple but delicious in your mouth.
As a BIG lover of Mongolian BBQ I was very skeptical of a place this big trying to do it. However, this place was amazing. They have a huge selection of things to add into your food which is great. The meat selection was anything special but they had all the basics. They do put the noodles at the front of the line as compared to most places where you put them on last. My guess is that this is to fill your bowl faster so that you don't take as much...but after everything cooks it reduces down so much you typically want more. BUT it is all you can eat so it isn't the end of the world (if you really could go back for more that is...i'm always too full). The cooks do a great job of cleaning off the grill in between plates which is a huge relief for people (like myself) with food allergies. 

Also this place is very kid-friendly. When we got our highchair our server told us that it rolls and that we should take our little one with us through the line. At first we were a little uneasy about it, but after doing it, it was awesome! People in line complimented us on our ingenuity which we in turn attributed to the server.

We didn't try it, but I would definitely think hard about getting their Smores desert they have. Comes with a flame in the middle and Marshmellows, chocolate and Graham Crackers. Make Smores at a restaurant table? Brilliant!

At the end of the day what separates this Mongolian BBQ apart from the rest is the huge selection of sauces. I'm used to seeing several, but this place has way more than any other place i've ever been. Only complaint about the sauces is that the hot wasn't that hot. But then again, no hot sauce ever is. My one complaint...it is a bit pricy at $13 a person. It could be worse, but still...a bit high.
Won't be dining here again.  The meant is like flash frozen, and once it's cooked it's like trying to chew rubber.  The only thing really selling this place is that it's all-you-can-eat.  

I'd rather go to Flat Top, same dining experience (mongolian grill) better ingredients, better food.  

I'd rather get full on good food, than fill myself with bad.
Before the rest of this, I must disclaim that in general all-you-can-eat restaurants aren't for me. Eating responsibly doesn't usually go well with eating from an unlimited quantity. For this restaurant, the quality did not suffer. All the meat, vegetables, noodles, and sauces were delicious. Their hottest sauce is the hottest article I've found in Madison, though I don't really have much experience with the hot wings market here.
Sadly, every time I've eaten the complementary soup, it hasn't paired well with the food. Either eat it first or order the salad, I guess. Also the line to have your food grilled can get a little long at times, though it's not so terrible as long as you've already eaten your first serving. I guess there's another reason to eat the soup/salad first...
Have been here a couple times.  If you like Mongolian this is a great place.  Drinks were good, service excellent, and the food selection area - which is important to me - was very clean!  HuHot keeps the meats frozen so raw juices do not get all over the place.  That is VERY smart.  
Their selection is huge, and the sauces plentiful and good.  Last time we went my vegtarian frined was worried, but they cleaned a space on the grill stone, cooked her meal in a vegetarian pan, and used separate spatulas, so this place is vegetarian friendly.  
Both times, good meals.  Looking forward to going back.
Don't be fooled, this is not Mongolian! 

My husband and I were on the west side and decided to get some dinner. Unfortunately the Pho place was closed so we decided to stop in here (not doing research first) with the thought that we have not had Mongolian cuisine in a long time. Well, we were fooled, it is an all you can eat, make your own stirfry chain. There are plenty of options which was nice, but it did take us a second trip to get a sense of the flavors/heat of their sauces. Needless to say, I doubt I will be coming back unless my only options are other chains, but Madison has much better options for the price.
I knew this going in, but I went anyways ... 10 bucks for lunch 13 for dinner ... it is pretty much just Syco frozen foods that are heated with a sauce .... BUT it is all you can eat!  No thanks!
Great staff but awful awful TERRIBLE food.

I really really wanted to enjoy this place. I really did. I went here last night with my daughter and boy were we disappointed. We ordered the all you can eat and it came with the choice of either soup or salad. I ordered the Hot and Sour soup and she ordered the Egg Drop and can I say YUCK!?!? By far the nastiest version of HSS I've ever tasted and boring bland tasting Egg Drop.

With such horrible soup we went on to try out their Mongolian grill. I will say this, they had a very nice selection. Large variety of meats and seafood and a great variety of vegetables. The sauces well... that's another story. It's obvious these are pre bought watered down tubs of sauces that did not say 'Mongolian' at all. Want to know whats even better? They give you a full view of their disgusting giant see through refrigerator with their bundles of horribly stored gross sauces right next to the grill. I was, however, very impressed with the cooks and how well they did. They cooked quickly and accurately. Props to them.

After or food was cooked no surprise at all. Disgusting. Now I'm sure you can say. Marlene, what if you're just terrible at picking the correct sauces? Well my dear yelpers, we took advantage of the 'all you can eat' and tried out many different combinations including their cheat card combinations. Nothing tasted nearly close to mongolian or at all appetizing. 

At the end of the day I will never ever come back to such horrid tasting food. It's just too bad, they had a magnificent staff and very skilled cooks.
I went in with a bad attitude since I read a lot of negative reviews.. It was pretty good. The service was meh but the huge amount of options, Veggies, meats, sauces were impressive.  The frozen meat was a bit surprising but I guess it makes sense rather than having warm raw meat sit out. Who cares if it is authentic based on the name? McDonalds isn't authentic Scottish food.

I have to say, though, the grill guys weren't very friendly, and the server kept calling me honey, so that was annoying.
Do it.
I wouldn't have normally chosen to go to dinner here, but a flip of a coin sealed the deal..also, I'm staying at a hotel within walking distance, and the options here are extremely weak. (I wish this trip had me staying in downtown Madison, that place is amazing)

The restaurant seemed clean enough, but when the host sat us, the first 2 tables he deemed unacceptable..for whatever reasons, so we had to go on to table #3, in the corner.

The entire system of ordering and putting together your main course is what really irked me. Grab a bowl, fill it with ingredients and hand it over to the chefs - sounds simple, which it is except...

A table full of half frozen meats to put into your small bowl was gross, and was the beginning of my losing my appetite. Then, you choose one of maybe 3 types of noodles, but they all seemed the same....then if you have enough space in your bowl, put a few veggies to round out the dish. Then theres another table with an overwhelming assortment of sauces, but only half of them had utensils in their dishes. 
Then I hand the dish off to the chefs, who are busy doing tricks with their spatulas behind the counter for tips. I just wanted my food, not a spectacle.

The food turned out alright, really nothing i'm looking to have again...I might have enjoyed it a little better if the staff didnt ask if things were okay every 5 minutes. It's nice that they were attentive, but this was over the top.
Super pleased with the care and attention they gave my food allergy. Service was great and food was filling and decently priced. Far superior to flat top in my opinion
nothing really wrong with the food, nothing really good either. my biggest complaint is the price: $12.99 for dinner. included in the dinner price is your choice of soup; I chose the hot and sour. weirdest hot and sour I've ever had. it isn't that it tasted bad, but seemed like it was made by someone who had no idea what hot and sour soup was. it was mostly thin strips of carrots in a light broth. not a bad flavor, but not hot and not sour, that's for sure. the dinner was also supposed to include a greater selection of ingredients. I don't know if it did since I've never eaten there for lunch, but I saw shrimp and scallops listed on the website, and the only seafood present was some suspicious looking kind of whitefish. you also get to choose from pork, beef, sausages, everything frozen and hard as a rock. then, a small choice of noodles (3, I think) a good choice of veggies and a lot of sauces. now, here's my real problem with this place: it's basically a buffet, except nothing is cooked until you order it, and your only choices are noodle dishes. you get a fairly small bowl, put a few pieces of meat in it, then some noodles, then you've got room for a few veggies. then, choose your sauce and wait in line to hand it over to the cooks. avoid this place like the plague if they are even remotely busy. on a Saturday evening I had to stand in line waiting to fix up my bowl, as people just shuffle through line like zombies, then stand and wait to hand your bowl over to the cooks, then stand and wait until it is cooked. sit down and spend a few minutes eating, get back up and repeat the process. I spent more time standing in line than I did eating. and again, the food wasn't bad, but I think $7.99 is a fair price for what you get, $12.99 is criminal. a lot of good Chinese buffets charge around $10 for the dinner buffet, and many also include a Mongolian grill. it's not this big, but for less money they also include egg rolls, much better soup, salads, rice, chicken dishes, beef dishes, pork dishes, sushi....you get the point. here, you get noodle bowls, that's it.
Fresh veges and wonderful meat, if you like noodles, don't order the rice.  You order rice before you go to put your food together.
NOT FOR VEGETARIANS!!! I have been eating at Ho Hot for several years now. As a vegetarian I liked that they had a lot of veggies and tofu available and they would ask if we were vegetarian. When we said yes the server told us to make sure to tell the grill people and they would clean it and use different utensils. The other day we went their and I noticed their menu had changed so I glanced over it. I noticed that each sauce was now marked if it was vegetarian. Only 2 sauces were marked out of the 20 or so they have to choose from. What's worse is that none were marked before so I had assumed they all were and had been eating them in the past. Now I feel lied to and ill. And really only 2 sauces?!? 

I WONT BE BACK AND I AM NOT HAPPY!!
my family been here several times never had anything but excellent service very good variety of meats and veggies wide variety of sauces to please different tastes from mild for me to very hot for hubby like that they a kids menu if the little one aren't in the mood for the buffet though when they they can things they enjoy love the totilla never would have to eat mongolian buritos
Great place! I went for my first time with a group of friends. We stood in line for a little over 5 minutes, but were happily piling on a variety of meats and veggies while doing so. The men who grilled our food were very entertaining and kept us laughing while some of their tricks ended in tragedy. Our cocktails were waiting for us when we were back at the table and the drinks and food was great! Even got a variety of desserts afterward. Server was very nice and he helped us out along the way with suggestions. (Love all the soda variety too!)

Certainly going back
If you go there, I suggest skipping on the fish. I chose to put crab and pollock in my stir fry and have never been more sick. Ate my meal at about 6:30, had an uneasy stomach for the rest of the evening, woke up at 4:30 in the morning with horrible stomach pain and nausea. That was the only meal of the day to cause me to feel that way. Horribly disappointed as the service was otherwise great, minus being a little slow but that was because of the dinner rush. Will not be returning as I have no desire to risk repeating that experience again, which is a shame because I really wanted those cheesecake rangoons...
Wonderful place! Me and my family drive an hour away just to come to Madison to get our crave. The staff is VERY nice, my daughter got sick there once from a headache & instead of freaking out & being disgusted out waiter was very helpful getting us water & towels & checked on us the whole time. Love this place!
HuHot is a basic asian inspired restaurant. If you have a taste for a variety of Asian noodles while keeping it healthy, they are a good pick.

HuHot is a semi buffet. As someone who hates buffets, I actually don't mind this because you pick the food you want from a cold/frozen bar of noodles, poultry, beef, tofu, seafood, veggies and at least 20 different sauces. 
Once you're done with your selection, you take it to the flat top grill to be cooked. The food is being cooked to order so if you have any issues with germs and buffets, it does ease the mind a bit. 

I do like the variety they offer of food selections. Personally, despite what the comment said below in regards to vegetarians options, I think HuHot is pretty vegetarian friendly. I was quite surprised to read the comment. Ive gone to HuHot once in the pass year and even then I felt they had a lot of selections for non meat eaters. If you're not a noodle person, you can have white or brown rice served to you. 

Its a cool place to take the kids so they can see their food being made Mongolian Grill still and is all you can eat. You can order off a menu if you prefer but I think they are known for their Mongolian Grill.

They are overall a very decent place. I like going to HuHot when I'm in the area and would recommend them for the cost and style.
I love Hu Hot!  TONS of options to pick from.  I enjoy the ability to be creative and build my own meal.  Want more water chestnuts?  Pile 'em on!  Wohoo!  Don't care for mushrooms?  Don't take any!  Every trip to Hu Hot is a new experience - customizing your meal to whatever you have a hankerin' for that day.  

The meat selections are nice - I usually flip between beef and chicken.  I'm not fond of seafood, so "shark" never makes it in my bowl.  The frozen "meat chips" could be a turnoff, but it cooks up nicely and doesn't seem to be an issue.  For other ingredients, I can't think of anything that is missing.

The sauces are abundant!  I appreciate the posted combinations, if nothing else to give me direction in my creativity.  Want it hot?  You can do that.  Want it mild?  Plenty of options there, too.  And everything in between!

The chefs do a great job preparing the food, often putting on a little show.  Tip those guys!  They work hard and that grill is plenty hot.  They deserve a little extra something...

The only thing keeping this from being a 5-star review is their "bread".  Call me crazy, but I'd swear they just microwave some stale store-bought flour tortillas.  But other than that, it's fantastic!
I had no idea what to expect here so I came in pretty open-minded.  Experienced YC goers dash in and out by the bar as you eventually find your lost little way to the grill.

I got a little grossed out loading semi-frozen, rolled lunch meat into my bowl, smashing it down to allow for more room,and then repeating: load, smash, load, smash...and it didn't even smell all that appetizing, but I followed what the other sheep were doing.  Thank goodness there was tofu.  I ended up actually eating that stuff.  It's a first for me, liking the tofu over the meat.  

Next, you add vegetables, pile them high.  (Not too high or they will be all over your tray)  You then look up at a board that has way too much information written on it and try to figure out the sauce-to-pile ratio.  My friend warned me to add more sauce.  I went a bit overboard on the sauce somehow, as the food was swimming in it after it came back from the grill.  

You can't really complain when it's all said and done because you were the chef!  If your food didn't taste so great (like mine) then better luck next time, I suppose. (bye bye, $9)  You can get little fried noodles and other snacks to fill you up, and apparently there is a soft serve ice cream bar there, though it was closed for lunch.

I will say, the iced tea there was very nice and if you are a Waponi Wu tribal member like my friend, they do have orange soda from the fountain machine.  The place is roomy and the employees were super friendly.  Just, go easy on the sauce and good luck!
Yuk. Will never eat here again. It was dis organized and food was undercooked and tasteless.  Honestly - that's really all I have to say about this place ... sadly enough!  Will not be going back.
A friend of mine told me a couple of months ago that this was one of the restaurants she liked to visit. I had never been, so I gave it a shot tonight. Some pros and cons. Con: the traffic flow sucks. It takes a little longer to place the order, especially if a family or first timer is in front of you. It only takes a couple of people to put the line out the door. In fact one family of 5 was in line and I was next, standing with the door open. For that family, it was $41, which I thought was a little high for what you would get. Pro: there were many options of meats, vegetables and sauces. So much so that staff members were in place to ask about my sauce preference and they made it for me. Con: I didn't like meat packing. That was kind of nasty, really. The meat is frozen and arrives in the oddest shapes. Put that down as a base and add vegetables on top. The bowl fills up quickly, so you take the tissue, place on top of the ingredients and pack down. Like I said, a little nasty. Pro: The food was actually pretty good - they stir fry everything for you and it reminded me of Jade Palace in Atlanta - back when it was good. Con: I saw everyone packing the ingredients down and coming away with huge, heaping bowls, so I followed suit - then I felt like a lard ass when my bowl produced a large and a small bowl of finished product. What am I going to do with two bowls of food? I ate the small one and took the large one home. Typically a to-go box is 50 cents, but tonight they were having a high school fund raiser, so the fee was waived. Thanks, kids! Another pro: for the second time in a week a waiter referred to me as "boss" when calling me. Third time and its a trend, right? 

The small bowl, one visit is $9, the large bowl just a dollar more - and an unlimited return trip bowl was $11. I am not sure anyone would make a repeat trip. Like I said, my one large bowl turned into two bowls at the end. Too much for a guy even as big as me to eat. 

Overall, despite the nasty meat packing and poor traffic flow, I was pleased with the experience. It made for a good meal and a box of left overs that most likely will get thrown out (but you have to bring it home because you think you will eat it, right?) and you can follow it up with a nice soft-serve ice cream sundae. I took the chocolate/vanilla swirl. Sweet!
Well it's about time that I yelped about something already, it's been forever since I have! 

Got here on my lunch break, and find it surprisingly similar to the mongolian grills that I've tried back in CA.. piling on the meats, veggies, sauces and such. I'm a little surprised to hear people review on this place that placing the ingredients in the bowl grosses them out, that's what a mongolian grill is, right? Oh well..

If you like to customize your food, this is the right place for you, but if you don't like getting messy with your hands, this is definitely not the place for you. Definitely liked the amount of choices in ingredients and sauces, the soup and drink that's included in the meal.. but the 50 cent charge per to-go box is pretty stupid. Staff is really friendly, bathrooms are clean, pretty spacious....

Overall it's decent, but will only come here if I am in the mood for lots of leftovers or willing to fork over $9 for lunch..
I've eaten at YC's over the years and was so excited when this location opened.

This location has a great bright dining area.  The manager is REALLY friendly and helpful and the place is always clean.

If you have not eaten here, you are in for a surprise.  First, just get into it and have some fun.  You need to SMASH the meat down ALOT because it cooks down.  Have some fun with the sauces!

Now that I've moved to SoCal I do miss this place.  YC's is MUCH better than the mongolian grills in SoCal.
Was craving noodles and stopped in here not knowing what to expect. Didn't realize it was a make-your-own-meal kinda place, but I still went with it. I have to admit, along with some of the other reviewers here, I was a little grossed out by the frozen meat and "packing" everything down in the bowl. However I did like the fact that I could choose whatever veggies I wanted. 

I went a bit crazy on the sauce (I REALLY like saucey food apparently) and went with 2 different ones (and like 4 ladles full between the 2) even though I didn't have any clue what they were. I was VERY pleasantly surprised with my concoction. It was delicious if I do say so myself. I got the food to-go and also got a bowl for my husband and used different meat and sauces for his, and he really liked his too. I'm not sure you can really screw up on this, unless you don't put enough sauce I guess in which case it could be bland? Go heavy on the sauce I say.... p.s. the meal comes with soup and I got the house special and it was awesome!
Total yum! This was a long time find for my Wife and I. When we lived in Oregon we LOVED Chang's Mongolian Grill and really missed a place with the same type of food. YC's has hit the spot finally! Great mix of ingredients and more than enough! I get a full on meal as I like to prepare and season it, Soup, Won Tons with red sauce and a frozen chocolate or vanilla frozen yogurt cone at the end. The only thing I wish they had are the little rice pancakes and plum sauce that Chang's had, otherwise it is a great place to eat and good for all family members young and old.
Come to Phoenix
3+ meals for $10.75? GREAT DEAL! Ask for your meal to go, so you don't have to pay 50 cents for take out box :)

How do you get 3+ meals, you might ask? PACKING & SMUSHING! First, add some meat, and use the wax paper to pack down the meat all along the sides and the bottom of the bowl. Try to avoid empty spaces in between every piece of meat. Then add your vegetables, and smush it all down with the wax paper with each layer of veggies you add. Make sure to add enough meat and veggies so that your have a flat surface up to the brim of the bowl. Add lots of green onions for extra flavor.

I recommend using the wheat noodles, because you can create a taller mountain of noodles and it's healthier!

Advice for the sauce: ADD LOTS OF IT. Since you're now a packing queen/king, you can't use the recipes on YC's wall, either double up or triple up.

Ask the nice Mongolian BBQ chefs to add pineapples and cilantro, and then when they finish cooking up your food, add some sesame seeds for that lil extra somethin somethin!
YC's is a great place to hit up if you have a hunger gap that is bigger then a normal restaurant can fill. It is a build-it yourself mongolian grill and the possibilities are endless for what you can create. No matter what you get, if you are smart, you can manage to stuff enough food in your $12 bowl to feed a small village. The trick is to use the bottom of another bowl to smash your ingredients down. 

They have been cracking down on that sneekiness as of late, but if you can get away with it, it is well worth it. Another important point is that they charge you 50 cents for a to-go box, but you will need one so just plan on adding that to the budget. Also, when you are building your meal, the red meats will be more flavorful and you will most certainly need to add more flavorings than the amounts listed on their ingredient list. Have fun because this place is worth it.
The concept was good but you need to learn how to get the things right...our sauces in spite of getting help form the guy turned to be very salty.Now if you ask for help for adding sauce and still get a salty food???I am not sure whom to blame. If you r an expert at adding sauces....best of luck.They had rice and chips but we were not sure how should we eat the rice with mustard?????I know people were very happy that they can stuff food for 12 bucks but you go to you local Chinese place and you do get 3 days of food for that money though.Anyways we did not have luck in getting the right food so we are not going back.
I love this place! It's one of my favorite places around. Realitively healthy and you are in control of exactly what you want. LOVE IT!
How can you go wrong..  Fresh choices of frozen meats including pork, chicken (white and dark,) beef, and sometimes fish depending on what time you go.  Pile on that huge choices of fresh vegetables.  Add to that the many choices of dry spices and sauces. 
Give your dish to cook and he grills it over a big grill.

You control the portion. You control the ingriedients. You control the flavor. 

$10.75 which includes drink.  If you want unlimited, its $12.75.  

Its clean, fresh and tasty. 

Yes, everything gets mixed together.  So if you are a person that needs your meal separated into sections, this is not the place for you. 

Want a nice change and fresh hot bowl, stop by.

This is a gem that I had forgotten about until I was reminded recently by a friend.  And now it will soon become my regular.
Meh.

I debated whether to rate YC's a 3-star (A-OK) or 2-star (Meh. I've experienced better) - and the 2-star description fits. Whoever rates YC's a 5-star has probably never been to Genghis Grill, which is far superior - a better variety of food choices and better organization on the seasonings. I had YC's $10.50 large bowl at lunch. It's way bigger than their $9.50 small bowl - I don't know why anyone would purchase that. 

I agree with a lot of the other reviews - smashing down your frozen slices of meat is unappealing. They have about a dozen different sauce types, but you need to mix 5 of 6 for every recipe - it was confusing. And they had dry spices, but no advice on what goes well with what. I think the dry spices are new because the employees know very little about them, other than advising to use them sparingly. 

You get a much bigger bowl than at Genghis, plus all the soup & rice you want, and your drink is included in the price. But with fewer ingredients and poor flavoring guidance, it may take several trips to YC's before you end up with a tasty meal. And the soup I had (they offer two types) was fairly bland. Whereas every meal I've had at Genghis has been delicious - I've been going there about once a month since first discovering it last year. It's like comparing fast food to real dining.
I'm not too familiar with mongolian food, but I do know that YC's is the only place where I've had that type of food. I've been there quite a few times, but I haven't really paid much attention to all the specific details while eating there. It can be really surprising what you realize when you pay attention to all of your surroundings when going out to eat. The price for a large bowl is 10.50, a small bowl is 9.50, for unlimited servings it costs 12.50, and for kids 12 and under the price is .55 times their age. The prices do rise for dinner but only by a few dollars (after 5pm), I think it's still completely worth the price because you get so much to eat while paying the exact amount given.  There is no need at all to worry about not getting enough to eat.
Giving my experience a total score of of a possible five, it would either be a five or fairly close. I honestly enjoyed every bit of the food and the overall experience. The only downfall that comes to mind is the fact that there was so much food I served myself and I couldn't finish everything. You definitely need to know how much you want so you are able to serve yourself the correct portion size, not that this is always a bad thing though. There is no worry that I wouldn't have enough to eat. Also what really made the experience enjoyable was how good the food tasted. It seems really simple to make, and it is, so it's very unexpected when you go through so many choices and each time discover how wonderful it tastes.
The bowl size that you purchase includes possible choices of being filled with whatever you choose. The meat choices were beef, pork, or light/dark chicken. You then choose any vegetables you'd like to add in, which included a variety of choices from peppers, mushrooms, to broccoli and more. You then choose which type of the three noodles you'd like and then top it off with as much of any sauce you'd like. If you think it's done and ready to cook then, you're wrong. Ater your bowl is completely finished you also have more choices of things to add as you approach the chefs. This includes different seasonings and spices to top it off with along with seeds or jalapenos, and even more!
After I chose all my favorite things, I watched as the cook grilled my food in a very unique way right in front of me.  It was really interesting considering most places cook your food in the back. I'm not sure what this was called, but they take all the raw ingredients you choose and put them onto a big round, scorching hot grill. They will stir your personally chosen ingredients around evenly until they're cooked at the perfect temperature. This experience lets you quickly see everything you put in your bowl become a delicious masterpiece. The wait was less than five minutes from the time I walked in to when I got my food, of course this depends on how busy they are. Unlimited drinks are included along with a side of two choices of soup, two different kinds of rice, and chips (all included in any bowl size you purchased). 
The feel was perfect, it was very clean and the music/ lighting inside was just right. Being able to sit anywhere was nice because everything was spread out and not crowded whatsoever. The smells of the delicious food being grilled pleasantly filled the entire restaurant. The server greeting my sister and I at the door was very polite. Comforting questions were asked, such as "have you been here before", "how is everything tasting", and making sure there wasn't anything else we needed. Our server wasn't annoying about it, but it was very polite when he asked and how he asked it. Overall the food tasted really good. You choose yourself exactly what you want to get, so there seems to be little to no chance of disappointment. If you were unsure how to make something you know you'd like, there was a menu with about sixteen different combinations telling you exactly how to make something you might enjoy. 
 I think the strengths were obvious when going to YC's. All the criteria that I had expected turned out to be better. The environment wasn't how I expected it to be, but that wasn't a bad thing. It was still calm and enjoyable, which is essentially what most people look for when eating out. Like I said before, the food tastes absolutely amazing. It's very different, but it's also definitely satisfying. Overall, it was very enjoyable, and the environment had a lot to do with that. I honestly only have positive things to say about this YC location off of Power road. The service was more polite than expected and I guarantee I'll be back with an attitude looking forward to an experience as great as the last, along with the great food. With the reasonable price for so much of the amazingly delicious mongolian grilled food, I'm positive I'll be back in the near future for more.
YC's is definitely on our list of places to eat when we are in the area. You control the portion size, taste, and ingredients. They have recently added Udon noodles to the noodle choices, which are my favorite!

$9.50 for a small bowl at lunch, and it includes soup, rice and a drink. Brilliant.
First time at YC's, had been to other Mongolian BBQ style places, none as "upscale" as this. Most of the Mongo places I've been are in the mall fast food court, or in a small strip mall. This place made us go WOW as to how big it was and all the food you get for about $11 a person for dinner.

To go boxes are 50 cents, super reasonable considering you can really cram a lot of food into your bowl to get cooked. I was actually shocked that they suggested you pack the food into your bowl to get more space! Staff was friendly and even helped us out with mixing the sauces.

This place is super close to our house and we will definitely be back frequently.
Love this place.  The food is delicious and you get a lot for your money.
Ladies and Gentlemen,Boys and Girls when you go to YC's Mongolian Grill bring your feed bag on.This place has several  bowl sizes.to fill up your meats,fish and veggies up to the rim and beyond.. You add your own sauces and condiments the amount to your liking.. You can either add noodles to be cooked or there is white or brown rice already cooked. You can have all the soda you want and for desert they have frozen yogurt. I saw a man make a root beer float with the frozen yogurt.. It looked outstanding.I you want value and a great Mongolian meal, dash on over to YC;s.
It was my first time trying this place today and I was super impressed. I drive past it all the time on my way to the airport and have always been curious. I was a little nervous because I've tried other Mongolian grills before that were set up just like this one and they have never tasted that great. I'm also allergic to nuts and no matter how many times I tell the people at other Mongolian grills...i almost always have an allergic reaction. I wish I got the awesome host's name because she was super helpful to me the whole time I was there. Whenever I looked like I didn't know what I was doing she would come over and help me out. I also wish there was a tip jar in front because I would have loved to tip her for her awesome customer service! 

This place not only had great customer service, but also great food! I got my food to-go but this is pretty much how the place works: you have different options on the size of the bowl you can get to fill up. I got the small bowl but it was enough for two meals for me. They have good meat choices, yes the meat is raw and cold but that is why it stays fresh! Then they have different veggies to choose from and 3 types of noodles. You pile as much food as you can inside that bowl and they actually encourage you to cheat to get more food! They give you pieces of wax paper so that you can literally smash the food down and fit more inside the bowl. You can pile it up as high as you want...just as long as it isn't spilling all over the place. Then there is the AWESOME sauce bar. You can make your own sauce by mixing them together, or you can follow their easy instructions that show you how to make specific sauces! I told the cook that I was allergic to peanuts and without hesitation he cleaned the entire grill for me to make sure I didn't get any traces in my food. I also got one box to take either brown rice or white rice home and to-go soup bowl for a side of soup (the spicy beef was soooo good) and a drink. 

As you can tell I was very impressed by this place and will be returning again very soon! Lastly, if the host with the brown hair who helped me today is reading this...You're awesome! -sincerely the really lost and confused Asian girl who had to ask you a billion questions.
One of the first places we tried when we moved here. Its a yummy place. Fair priced for what you get, drink and FroYo included at lunch.  They offer papers to push you meat ect down so you can really pile the bowl high!! Very filling meal! The only thing I dislike is that you have to mix your own sauce!! This sucks when its busy and especially when you have small kiddos with you, it takes too much time! They need to have sauces pre mixed. Staff is friendly and its a very clean restaurant all the time. One of our faves nearby!
This place is pretty good. It's always fun to make your own food. The staff Is pretty helpful too if you don't know what you're doing. The portions are pretty generous as well. 

My only complaint is that they make you buy a to go box for 50 cents. Seems like they could just give those out? Otherwise I love this a
I am a fan of Mongolian grills but this one creeps me out a little by not cleaning the grill between customers. They also wipe the seats and tables with the same towels. They don't seem to observe the same rules we're all taught.
Returned for a 2nd try - though went to the Southern & McClintock location this time.

Had a much better experience - staff was more helpful, offering to mix a sauce to my liking and resulting in a dish was very tasty. Didn't notice the dry spices that seemed to be new to the staff last year. Overall I've raised my rating for YC's from between 2 & 3 stars, to between 3 & 4 stars, leaning toward 4 stars. 

Positives about YC's over their competitors: providing a larger bowl for ingredients, unlimited rice & soup, drink & desert included with meal (dinner menu). Negatives (in comparison to my favorite Mongolian grill): a smaller variety of ingredients, and having frozen sliced proteins rather than diced unfrozen proteins.
Always very clean, extrememly friendly staff and great food!!!! I'd u haven't been to ycs, its a must!! Staff is always willing to help u make you're own sauce or show u how to make their fav sauces for your bowl. And free ice cream!!! Cmon :)
What a great place. Affordable, great selection, and I love that I can mix up my own sauces.  Price includes as much as you can put in your bowl, soup/rice and drink. The only negative was that I had to pay .50 cents for a to-go container. Never have run into that before.
Best ever. Stack it high and create you're own creations. 

My favorite.. On top of food add 1 ycs own 1 sweet n sour 1 paneang 1 cooking wine 1 curry. In sauce bowl 3 ycs own 3 sweet 2 ginger 2 garlic 1 cooking wine sesame oil over the top and hot chili oil.

You're welcome
The staff was friendly and nice. The food was also cooked quickly. The reason for my two star rating is simply the food is only worth two stars. I frequent restaurants in this food category and by far this place is the worst spot in the US I've eaten at. I was unimpressed with their sauces and their flavor on my stir fry/Mongolian BBQ. The food is very mediocre. However I will say for a cookie cutter restaurant and chain restaurant it was ok. Also stay far away from the soups. They were absolutely terrible.
Food is pretty good! I love the selection, and during the weekdays it's not too busy/crowded. 

Location is nice, service was good, prices are fair ($12 each). Lots of options to choose from for protein and toppings, plus the sauces are awesome!

YC's is a nice dinner date night spot (nothing to impress a first date with, something to take the husband/wife to), but can get expensive with a large family.
I really like this place!  They make eating your veggies fun and easy.  Being veggie, I skip the meat section altogether (which has a good selection by the way) and pile on the cabbage, broccoli, mushrooms, tomatoes, and tofu - yum!  Then, there are several types of noodles and a huge spread of sauces, oils, and spices to add as well.  I think it's best to use a separate bowl for your sauce mixing and also make sure to grab a piece of wax paper to help smush your ginormous food pile down while you're loading to maximize space!

A small bowl will run you about $10 and a large, $11 for lunch - prices jump up about $2 for dinner.  Your meal also includes soups, wontons, rice, and a drink.  I think they may also have an unlimited option - which scares me a little bit!  :/  Pretty good deal considering I always leave stuffed after eating just the small-sized bowl!

One after thought I had was that this place might be problematic for people who have food allergies (poultry, peanuts, shellfish, etc.), as all the food is prepared on one of two large grills - which they don't really clean between customers.  Just a heads up!
I've been to the one at Pavilions in North Scottsdale so I think I'm a little pampered in that respect.  However, I wasn't disappointed in the least by the food.  What I always do is fill my bowl with meats of all styles!  Turkey, beef, fish, and smash it down with the papers provided.  PUSH heavily!  After that, I top it off with veggies, and it always gets very ugly but fun.  I smash smash smash and compress.  You can't get it wrong, you really can't.  Follow your heart, and put what YOU want in that bowl.  The sauces are the awesome part too!  This location lets you use a separate bowl for the sauces, which the one in north scottsdale didn't.  I threw what I wanted into the bowl, swirled it up, tasted it a bit to make sure, then went to the end and handed it to the guys to cook it up.  They did a good job, and the only real difference between the different stores is the presentation style.  The one in north Scottsdale is more presentation based and the seating is less fast-food style.  This store is quite fast-food style looking in my opinion, but that doesn't matter to me.  I ate my food, put it into a to-go container for lunch the next day afterwards, and I was golden.  Would I go again?  You're damned right.
We use to go to this place all of the time, until this past Saturday night when three out of the four of us ended up with food poisoning. I feel bad for posting this review, but for those of you who are reading it just be careful. We will never go back, which is a shame, but for so many of us to get food poisoning is not a coincidence. I'm just wondering how many other guests ended up getting sick that night as well.
= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH AND DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = = =

Paid my first visit to this YC's location today, this time joined by Jackie C., Mike C. and Robyn N.  This was a first visit for the three of them, and a good time was had by us all!     :-)

For this visit I went with my usual rolls of sliced beef, white chicken and pork, followed by piling up and squishing down some of most of the many veggies along the buffet line, and lastly added plenty of wheat noodles.

Over at the Mongolian Grill area there are 16+ recipes on signs, but I liked the "Spicy Panang Curry" sauce I had at another YC's the other day so much that I decided to go with that one again today, mixing up 4 ladles of Panang Curry base, 1 ladle of Garlic Water, 1 of white wine and a squirt of Sesame Oil from a bottle into a separate bowl provided for the purpose..

After the chef fried everything up quickly on the 800° Mongolian Grill, I sprinkled on some whole peanuts & fresh cilantro leaves.  It all came out cooked perfectly  and tasting delicious, as usual!  (Photo.)     :-)

At these YC's I like to enjoy one of their soups last, if I have room, and I did so today, serving myself up a cup of their Spicy Beef variety with some brown rice added in.

A Large Bowl packed down well as you gives you a plenty for a big eater at $10.85 Lunch including tax & help-yourself beverages, but it IS a Buffet, & you can opt for unlimited go-backs if you like, for $12.85 day or night.  (A Large Bowl at night is $11.85 unless you're 55+.)

I've had fun eating at all 5 YC's locations now, having tried both the "Unlimited" and Large Bowl options, and have loved every visit and every concoction I've put together so far!     :-))
This was great for a mongolian grill.  It was my first time and I didn't realize I should have shoved everything into my bowl a little bit tighter.  I'm glad I asked for help with my 'sauce' recipe, though it's great that they have them posted on the bulletin board above the grill.  We will definitely be back.  Good options, good price, good people.  It was friendly, clean and affordable for what you get.
I love coming here.  Being able to make my noodles the way I want is awesome plus the kids love it.  Very affordable too. It gets very busy around lunch time but the line moves fast.
This place is pretty good! Nice sitting area and good selection of meats, noodles, sauces, and vegetables to choose from. There's also a soup/rice bar. Under 10$ for lunch and you definitely will have leftovers!
The ingredients are good quality, and there's a decent selection, so if you manage to mess your meal up, you have no one but yourself to blame.  The soup is rather ordinary, but the "sesame flatbread" is nice.  There isn't much to say about a "Mongolian BBQ" place that doesn't have an extensive menu beyond the grill.
This is really tasty! Very fresh ingredients and everything is very clean. I wish they would put the sauce on for you since it's hard to tell how much to use or how many flavors to combine. But still delicous and healthy. Sesame bread is yummy! Overall, a great deal for the price. I will probably be coming here for lunch at least once a month.
First I ever had Mongolian BBQ. The staff is welcoming and very helpful for first timers. The sauce, veggies and meats are freshly made and slice in house. It's also served with a chicken broth soup and homemade sesame flat bread. The bowl combinations are endless!
one of FEW places I'll miss about Las Vegas.
I stopped here on the way to school, wanting something different. I was confused from the gate as to the way it operated but caught on quick. The food was decent, the only thing that docked it was the guy hassling me for tips when he was just the cashier, not even the cook. I gave him a dollar but I was kinda weirded out by the approach. The food is good tho, I will probably stop in again when next semester starts.
I agree that this place is A-OK.  It is across from UNLV and the name leads itself to "Chinese" but there is a big sign that says "MONGOLIAN BBQ" - a bowl is $8.99 if you get meat, cheaper for veg, $3 more for shrimp eaters.

The veggies were fresh and there was a good selection - bok choy, spinach, tofu, green onions, white onions, carrots, pineapple, bean sprouts, peanuts, baby corn, mushrooms, orange noodles, cabbage, etc....

Interesting mix of sauces to create your own - soy sauce was behind the counter in the hands of the grill master so he added it.  For those who order meat, you can choose chicken, beef or pork or all three.  I got beef.  There was enough food for 3 meals so this was a really good deal.  No complaints!  I would go back.  The service was friendly.
Delicious & affordable...
Customer service is A++

I walked into this restaurant a little confused at first but understood the concept right away.
 I am vegetarian so the veggie bowl is 7$. I filled up my bowl with countless vegetables, tofu, they even have a "meat substitute" if you ask and it is AWESOME! I loaded up with my veggies, sauces, rice & noodles and it was fired up on the mongolian grill!

The food was DELICIOUS, the service was very friendly,and  the new owners approached me to make sure I was having a pleasant experience, which was very nice. 

As an appetizer I had the cream cheese wonton's which were pretty good!

Its right across from UNLV so, I go almost twice a week after class for yummy, quick, and affordable meal!
This location had more vegetable selections than a usual Mongolian place does. We liked it.
Wow, this place is awesome. I didn't know what to expect when I parked my bike up to the entrance but as soon as I got in there I knew it was the place to be. It's buffet meets fast food meets restaurant service, and that combination with the customer service is terrific. Totally affordable, quick, and easy.

Went inside and it has really good use of space, and has a modern feel to it and plenty of areas to sit. I obviously looked slightly lost as I went up to the counter area, but the cook greeted me and asked me if it was my first time there, which it was. He showed me around and told me I could make pretty much anything I wanted. I paid first ($6.99 for a vegetarian bowl), got handed a bowl, and went to town. You go down the buffet and you have a ton of veggies and toppings to choose from. From what I could tell, my meal was completely vegan (until I put honey on the AMAZING sesame flatbread, YUM!) and all the ingredients were super fresh. I picked out some tofu, bean sprouts, zucchini, onion, snow peas, green pepper, and mushrooms. I added some garlic sauce on top, and handed it off to the cook who added some noodles and other sauces (he asked me first if I wanted it spicy, and I declined) and then added it to the big wok behind the counter. Eventually this small bowl I was handed turned into this giant plate that was also served with a side of white rice. He handed the plate to me, and told me to sit anywhere I like. 

After grabbing some chopsticks (don't do it, just eat with a fork - trust me) and some napkins, almost immediately after sitting down I was served the aforementioned sesame flatbread with honey, and a glass of ice water. Freakin' nice. And the food? DELICIOUS. The past few weeks I haven't had much of an appetite, but I ate the whole damn plate. And the bread. And downed the water. It was very tasty and left me really satisfied with the different flavorings of everything. 

This place gets 5 stars for service, convenience, price, cleanliness, and it's only a 5 minute bike ride from my apartment. Epic win! I will definitely be coming back with some friends and some cash to tip the next time because the service really is excellent. Just be really careful, you may be so full that you can't Wok-On-Out!

P.S. As I sat down they played Lady Gaga. As I left they played Katy Perry. This makes Adina a very happy panda and will keep me coming back. Good food + good music = yay!
I was excited to try this place.  We drove all the way from Henderson just to find out it has been closed down!
I went here the other day with my co-workers. Much to our surprise, it's no longer a Mongolian restaurant. It's a Chinese restaurant and we were told it would soon serve Italian and Mexican food as well.

I asked for the lemon chicken and was told that was the only thing on the menu they didn't have. So I went with the sesame chicken. It was pretty good. It was lightly breaded and slightly sweet. However, I did taste sesame. Nor did it have sesame seeds though my co-worker's general chicken had sesame seeds.

The lunch special is $10.99 which is a little pricey. On the upside the owner offered us all a complimentary dessert. They had a pretty nice selection of desserts. I opted for the lemon bar which was moist, tart and had the right amount of sweetness.
We were a little concerned when we heard that Wok On In was a Kosher Mongolian BBQ place, never seen that before, but the second we stepped out of the cab we were sure this was gonna be good.  The smells coming from the restaurant delighted the senses and we quickly went in to see what was in store.  The Mongoliam BBQ was quite delicious, as good as any I've had with super high quality (kosher remember) ingredients.  We also tried some of the middle eastern fair, also delicious, I loved the kibbah and their spicy dips rock.  During our stay in Vegas, we at here 3 times, each time was great and everything from the typical Jewish food to the Mongolian BBQ to the Persian delicacies were all spot on.  Definitely give this place a try and their delivery service was amazing as well.  They gave us chaffing dishes, a crock pot to use pre-Shabbas so our lunch was warm, just amazing food and amazing people.  We loved Wok On In, definitely the best Kosher food in Las Vegas and ranks up there for delicious food with the non-Kosher places as well.
Everyone is right about the customer service there is none...also I have no idea of this is buffet style or not I doesn't feel like it though I was told it is...phone kept ringing and, the owner, I'm assuming didn't even get up to answer it... the food is ok..not a real mongolian bbq..too much oil used...added rice didn't ask for it..tried to get me to add other ingredients I didn't want..not worth the money...go to buffet @ asia instead right down the street
We too had eaten a here under the last owners and loved it. My gosh has this place gone to crap. No service, they plate your selections and the meats were both floating in this bloody ice water as the "hostess" grabbed out a small finger bowl and set it aside. My wife nearly got sick just looking at it as we stood there for 5 minutes alone waiting for a cook. So we just walked out. 
Again, no one to greet you, no explaination of the new process, very gruff when talking to anyone. they grab the ingredients you ask for and try to short you on meat for a set $11 price for one serving. 
Plus they advertise hot dogs and hamburgers, buffet mexican food? At Kosher-mongo BBQ? WTF? Absolutly horrible experience to see such a good place turn to this. I will warn everyone I see to stay away.
I think the health dept would be intrested in how the meat is keep.
Great food. Owner is very pleasant
Confused and being starred at by the owner is frustrating.  We were hungry so we ate... Plus we kinda felt sorry for the lady... I just hope I don't get sick! The BBQ is a great concept but I can't find a good one here in Vegas. 
Keywords
NOT fresh
Oily
Poor customer relations
Dirty
Ugly

If u don't mind those descriptions in the place u eat help yourself...
I really wanted to enjoy this place.  But the food just had a different taste and was very salty to my liking. There was a friendly elderly lady working the counter and Mongolian station. Service was OK as there wasn't much business.  The dining area was large enough for a big party.  It was a little dirty.

I had some Mongolian which you could basically add any or all ingredients with beef or chicken. It was different, at least not my fave.  

They make a variety of Mongolian, Mexican, Mediterranean, and Israeli food.
I'm so confused. I came to this place with a Groupon expecting myself a lunch.

I pulled up to the location and there is not only a sign that said "Closed for renovation", but there was the name of another restaurant painted on the windows and on the billboard on the street.

So did another restaurant take over this location?
Very impressed with everything!
I love so-called Mongolian BBQ but haven't had it in years. During the 1998 Olympics in Nagano, someone setup a Mongolian BBQ restaurant for the month and I think we ate there every night.

To be clear, the Mongolian BBQ concept we know isn't really authentic to Mongolia. It's a pretty Westernized concept. That being said, it's still good. 

In a weeklong trip to my old hometown of Madison, we checked out the bd's Mongolian Grill at East Towne. It's a franchise location with restaurants in 11 states, according to its Web site. We had a group of five - all Mongolian BBQ virgins - including a six year old. It was a big hit.

The thing that stood out above everything was the high level of customer service and training level of the staff - from the host to waiter to cooks. It was a great team environment with lots of energy. If you're new to the process of stacking food in a bowl and having someone else cook it, it can be daunting. The staff does a good job of working you through the system.

Dinner was pretty good value - about $12 for a bowl with rice, a buck more for a salad. And you can go unlimited for another buck. I think our son threw a pound of New York strip into his bowl. I stacked mine with prime rib, shrimp and scallops. It was quick, fun, and healthier than our stop at nearby Old Country Buffet two nights earlier.

Even the six year old had fun watching the process and learning how to use her kids chopsticks.

This is a really good franchise operation! We'll be back on another trip.
This is what I wold call heavy American flavor Mongolian food. Buffalo wing sauce? Fajitas sauce? Wrong.
The service is good till you get to the grill where it is all about showman ship and not about accuracy. Not only was there at least one order messed up every time I went to the grill, I was victim of the sloppiness they call service.
Within a few hours of leaving this place both my fiancee and I started to feel sick to our stomachs and for the next day both had a case of food poisoning. 
I would not even recommend this place to my own mother much less a stranger. 
STAY AWAY.... STAY VERY FAR AWAY from this place.
Food was fine--build your own, but service was terrible. We didn't get silverware (thankfully we found chopsticks up at the grille). No napkins at our booth and they really cheaped out with a single small serving of white rice for the two us. $12.99 each is just simply overpriced for poor service.
I've been to BDs twice.  It's a bit overpriced, I will give it that, but the food is pretty good.  Not to mention there are plenty of choices for everyone.  They have many meat choices.  They have seafood choices.  And they have tofu for those non-meat eating people...no comment.  BD's provides a lot of sauce and spice choices too.  Your food can be pretty flavorful by the end of the whole process.  The grillers are a bit slow.  They tend to dance/show off their "skills," which is rather annoying when you're really hungry.  Overall, it's a pretty awesome restaurant with choices for everyone in the family.
Don't go here.
Lets just say, the idea of this is interesting. I was told to try it because you create your own stir fry. SO for picky eaters, its a good thing. But the experience could have been much better. The people working the grill kept messing up and had to re-do the stri fry 4 times!! Yes 4 times to get it right. They were having a bad night and kept mixing up customers orders. Mixing my stir fry with someone else's sauce. . . have not been back. Maybe I'll try them again but not on a friday night.
I think they should change their name to anything else but Mongolian Grill. I've had much better experience with Mongolian Restaurant in different cities, and I think it's a bit misleading to call it that if you are not going to stand up to its standard. I am not trying to be a hater here, but I believe that everything authentic tastes much better than the wannabes. I mean, I would be so sad if I were a Mongolian to find out about this place.
For example, the rice doesn't taste good, and rice is a staple food in most Asian cuisine and every Asian restaurant should know how to cook good quality rice (seriously, I never complain about rice ever.. and how hard is it to cook decent rice?). The taste of the meat that you pick and got cooked over a big circle grill?? Dissapointing with a capital D. THe sauce choices were so Americanized, and even the soy sauce tastes weird. 
In addition to those, I think it's overpriced, and you have to keep paying extras for additional meat, etc.
Mongolian barbecue merriment abounds at Khublai Khan's. You play the key role in preparing your food, choosing from their infamous selection of meats, some of which are "culled from South African safari parks", so in many senses you can be the author of your own culinary misfortune. 

Overall, we said: "I think that Khublai Khan's is fun and different, and for a large group for, say, a birthday (where the birthday boy/girl gets to sit in a throne and wear a crown), it would be loads of fun, but I found it to be much like the ones I went to in the States, lovely, but not on my general list of places I will pop into on a regular night."
So, most interesting discovery of the week: Camel. Is. Tasty.

It had been a good 2 or 3 years since my last venture to Khublai Khan, down at the Shore, so I was glad to see some very positive changes from this already interesting eatery. Firstly, they are now open Mon-Wed as opposed to only prolonged weekend evenings. And second, the already exotic selection of meats had been expanded further with the addition of camel, baby octopus and mixed wild game (rabbit, venison & pheasant).

For those that don't know, Khublai Khan is a Mongolian restaurant in the Leith area. If the Mongolian origins aren't enough of a twist, the way they present dinner certainly is. Starters are done in an a'la carte manner, the customer selecting from a bunch of pre-determined dishes such as Kangaroo Haggis or Wild Game Enchiladas, both worth a try, particularly the latter.

Main courses are where Khublai Khan think outside the box. Upon arrival, you will be seated at your table, each place at which is allocated a numerical token and matching placemat. Once your starter is done and dusted, take your token with you to the buffet-style table, grab a bowl and get to work preparing your own dish from the multitude of ingredients sprawled before thee:

1) Choose your base: rice, noodles or beansprouts.

2) Choose your veg, options include carrot, peppers, onions, spring onions, beans and many more.

3) Next come the herbs, spices and sauces. The concept here is that there are a plethora of sauce recipes on both the placemats and the wall above the buffet. Follow the ingredients on the recipes to construct a tasty dish or create your own, it's entirely up to you. Although make sure you don't add Thai Mix and Curry Powder to the same dish.... whoops!

4) Finally my favourite part: the meat. This is where Khublai Khan  stands out amongst the Shore crowd. The meats on offer vary from the usual chicken, beef or pork to exotic seafood like calamari and shark, all the way round to the downright mental such as ostrich, springbok and kangaroo.

Once your bowl is full, shuffle yourself on over to the cooks area where you leave your bowl and numerical token. After that you can either get back to your seat and patiently wait, or if interested stand and watch the cooks at work, cooking up a storm of mixed dishes on their huge hot plate.

The trick is to sample as many of these unusual dishes as possible, so customers are advised to add small amounts each visit to the buffet. Having been a few times now I can testify to that...! As Ron Burgundy would say, "Mmm, this wild boar is good, but it is filling!".

Mongolian Feast option includes a set starter and dessert with the ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT buffet sandwiched between and comes in at about £20. The staff all seemed pretty savvy on my last visit, a sociable bunch who were happy to encourage and get involved with the banter of each individual party. Good craic.

An absolute bargain and a complete must for the adventurous diners out there.
Visited this place on Friday for dinner, the place seemed a little quiet at first but it soon got busier as the night went on.  It was quite a new way of dining for me: experimentational eating!  You pick the starters and desserts from the pre-planned menu, but the main course(s) are constructed by yourself!  I chose Smoked Mackerel Pate and my fellow diner chose Kangaroo Haggis for starters.  Both were a tasty introduction for things to come.  

I should warn you, this place isn't for the faint hearted, if you're not prepared to try new things, then stay clear!  I, however always like to try things at least once before I reserve judgement.  As say this because there is a wide range of unusual meats on offer, like camel, ostrich, wild boar, kangaroo, zebra, crocodile etc (although when we went there was no crocodile on the menu, due it only being served when they are killed for it's skin)!  They do still have the usual meats, chicken etc on offer for the less experimental.

Anyway, for the main course you are invited to choose from a selection of noodles or rice, a variety of veg, spices, sauces and meats/seafood.  You mount these up in a wee bowl yourself.  I became quite cunning in stacking the veg round the edge to create a deeper bowl and load more food in!  :P You then pass it on to a friendly chef, who cooks it on a Mongolian barbecue in front of you. I enjoyed this element of having fun with your food. The only draw back would be is that because you are creating your own dish and own mix of food that you have no one to blame but yourself if it tastes bad!  

We shared Golden Syrup and Orange Pudding and Mars Bar Cheese Cake for dessert.  The pudding was light and yummy but the cheese cake was just to rich and sweet for me.  All in all it was a fun dining experience, although I advise you not to pile all the different meats into one bowl (to try them all) as you then never know what you are actually eating after it's been cooked!  

ps. Take an extra layer with you too, I found it a little cold in there.
If you are looking for something a bit different, this is the place for you. A must for meat lovers!
I wanted to organise a get together for my husband's birthday so I got some friends together and surprised hubby with a night at khublai khan.  I had been told about this place by a colleague and thought it sounded interesting and knew hubby would love it. He hadnt heard of it which made the surprise even better.
The selection is amazing. I stuffed my face and I dont think I had a quarter of what was on offer. 
Let's see... I had kangaroo haggis, wild boar, ostrich, camel, pheasant, rabbit, zebra...I may be forgetting some. 
Now im not going to lie, I didn't like everything. But that's kind of the fun of it. You just go back up and try something else. It's great fun sitting with friends and comparing meals...what meat did you get? What sauce did you use etc etc. 
A great night.  Everyone loved it. 
Oh... because it was hubby's birthday they gave him a chair at the top of the table with a robe and crown to wear so funny...and i believe it was the owner/ manager came and chatted to us and gave us a free glass of fizzy each :)
First off this Allison girl has no idea how to make a bowl... and also has no idea what goes on at a Mongolian Grill. At this grill the menu is not needed... it only shows you what deserts they offer and different drinks. And how do you rate this 2 STARS... you pick what YOU want eat!!! 

When walk to the line, make sure you get enough meat to satisfy your tastes. I particularly like the sliced beef and the marinated steak. When you get to the vegetables make sure that you push them down into your bowl. The more you press it down the more room you have. Once again, I don't know where Allison has been to eat but normally you give your bowl to the person that cooks it and they give it back on a plate. Allison must eat like a champ, eats wayyyy to much or she is just dumb. You DO NOT NEED TO GET A BOTTOMLESS BOWL.... Press everything down and you will be full after you are done eating... ALLISON!!!! You rated your bowl 2 stars and you have no idea what you were doing... go back and make another bowl the right way and I promise you will like it better.
First of all, IT'S ABOUT TIME you opened one out west.  I grew up on Genghis Grill in Texas.  They have them all over they place there.  The food is so good, and that includes the desserts.  I don't really remember how nice the staff was in Texas because I was young and was just excited to go out to eat.  I notice now and they are really nice at the one in Arrowhead.  

I'm with JT.  My bowl had a ton of food in it once it was served.  I didn't even think about going back again.  How can you be mad when someone asks if you have allergies????  They are cooking your food near other people's and want to be extra careful.  They don't cook it in your own pan.  IT'S MONGOLIAN!

I'll be over there tomorrow night....

WP
I thought it was the worst Mongolian Stir Fry I have ever eaten.  I love Mongolian food.   I was expecting more asian flavor.  It had more like a BBQ flavor.  I didn't care for the service.  I found the servers were trying too hard.  I thought they were extremely annoying.  I do like when they ask if need I something but not everytime I take a bite.  I would never go back mainly because of the service.  I want to be leff alone and enjoy my meal.  Don't try to upsale every single thing on the menu.  It seemed like to me the waiters and waitresses were forced to do this.  If they didn't they would be canned.  I didn't like the atmosphere either.  It was like sports grill/ asian.  Just odd.  Another stupid Corp American type restaurant.  Don't waste your money on this place!!!!
My first complaint is the way prices are not given on the menu or are difficult to find. Even the server didn't know the correct price of the drinks. $10 for a bowl seems high for this style of food. It was a smaller bowl than any other grill I have eaten at.  I asked for brown rice and was served stir fried rice. My wife's food was burnt. The sauces and spices were not that great. The margaritas were good. It is open until 10 or 11 in Glendale. That would have me there often if it where a better buy for the dollar and not being sneaky with the prices. The server, Brittany, was very good.
Went for lunch here today.  It was only my second time.  The first time was okay so I thought I'd give it another try with my little boy.  Staff was friendly as was with my first visit.  Seated right away.  When we received our food we both immediately started enjoying.  Well after a few bites I noticed that a bite I was getting ready to put in my mouth had 1/2 bright blue rubberband in it.  I pulled it out and set it on the edge of my bowl then immediately noticed the next bite had a hair in it.  I initially thought it was maybe me just seeing things.  The manager walked over to see how I was doing.  I shared with him that I pulled the blue rubberband from bowl and found what appears to be hair still in my bowl.  He apolgized said the rubberband wasnt even something they use and the hair might just be bamboo sting.  At that point I didn't take his apology as sincere.  Well not like he could tell for sure I wasn't taking any chances so I stopped eating after that.  I hadnt barely made a dent in my bowl.  He stated he would "take some off my bill".  I would have honestly rather been offered a choice to go make a new bowl or discounted bill because I basically left hungry.  The "discount" on my bill before tax was almost $18 then a $2.80 discount then tax added back on total back up to about $18.  Like I said I didn't eat much of my bowl so I still paid the full price for it and had what amounted to the tax comped on my bill.  

My waitress was really nice about but I know she had no say in what action the manager would take.

Feedback to Management: Next time better practice would be to offer customer to make new bowl (which would have been my choice), gift card for next visit, or just remove the whole tanted bowl from the bill.  A small discount is nothing considering I could have had a rubberband in my digestive system.

Highly likely I won't be back.  Other better stir fry joints I can give my business to.
Loooved it! I am a huge fan of stir-fry, and this place did not let me down. The second we walked through the door, we were greeted by a very friendly and knowledgeable host. After telling him that it was our first time visiting the eat-stablishment (yeah, that happened), he took our drink order and showed us where to go, what to do, and familiarized us with the process. Did I mention that they have a full bar? Oh yeah, baby. Tsingtao, Asahi, Sapporo, Kirin, and a bunch of cocktail drinky drinks. Back to the food, Christina... Okay, so they have 10ish different cards that you can look at with recipes on the back telling you all the different ingredients to pile into your bowl if you want "Jamaican Me Crazy Fish", "Special Fried Rice", and a bunch of other delectable suggestions. If I mislead you to think I need suggestions, I apologize. I don't. I wanted chicken, beef, fish, shrimp. I got them all. Genghis Grill has a great selection compared to the other stirfry restaurants I have been to. Among the common chicken, beef and pork, is shrimp, calamari, marinated lime chicken, marinated steak cubes, beef slices, marinated white fish, scallops, pork, turkey. Then come the vegetables. All the vegetables you would want in your bowl, plus potatoes, green and red bell peppers, and plenty others (the green beans were great!). Next, choose your sauce among the 10 or so various-all delicious- options. The peanut curry was a  tasty surprise. Of course I mixed a few different sauces into the cup, and I felt like a chef. Last, brown rice, fried rice, white rice, udon, spiral pasta, couple others I have forgotten. Pick just one, or remix that beautiful tastiness. Hand it off, and give them a few minutes to fry it all up. You'll get a number and have your bowl brought out to the table, and MMMMMMMM! If it doesn't taste amazing, you really have no one to blame but yourself. This restaurant gives you freedom to choose all your ingredients, right down to the seasonings. Only downside I could see would be pricing, but it's really not horrible. 9.99 for a regular bowl, 13.99 for a bottomless bowl, 6.50 for my beer, but it was a tall bottle. It can get a little cramped and slow in line-try to avoid the indecisive peeps. There is a small bar area, which is nice, and televisions to watch a couple games. It's a really chill, laud back ambience. I had a great experience, despite grumpy man in my party. There is a rewards incentive card (free), and you get a free bowl on your birthday. My birthday is on the 24th of August. Who wants to join me.
Not bad. Quite a bit better than Stir Fry Paradise down the street. The meat was well cooked, vegetables were fresh, and there was a good variety.

However, there are some annoyances. The day we went, the waitress was aggressively pushing the deserts. We had just been shown the table when the desert crap started. Seriously? I haven't even sat down. 

I also have a practical complaint. When you get to the sauce area, the damn sneeze guard makes you have to contort a bit in order to get at the sauces in the back. Super annoying, Admittedly, if the sauces I liked weren't in the back, I probably wouldn't care.
The Gag Us Grill ......I gagged from the bamboo shoots and had to pick them all out because they tasted like tin from the tin can they came from so my bowl all tasted canned also the sauces I picked were too sweet.

I also don't think it is right that they charge you a dollar more at dinner time just because it is dinner time. (I asked the server if it is any different at lunch and she said no)

This stir fry place cost more than the independently owned one across the street .
This and YC's are some of the only Mongolian places I have tried here in the Valley, and I think they are somewhat comparable. I like both, each has one or two things going for it that the other doesn't. At YC's they have a self serve soup and rice bar that I really like, fresher veggies, more options of veggies, bigger bowls, and the prices seem much better. Genghis has some yummy spices, fresher meat, more options of meat, and I like the sauce a lot (dragon sauce). Because I was comparing Genghis to YC's, I felt like it had a few short comings, but because it was good, it is hard to complain. 

I had a very kind waitress who talked with me a little, which I appreciate cuz I was eating alone while out running errands. 

I had chicken, Mongolian veggies (bell peppers and onions, cabbage, bok choy, cilantro, jalapenos, squash, dragon salt, dragon sauce and brown rice. It made a great stir fry, and the watermelon iced tea was sooooooooooo good. 

It was hard paying $16 for lunch just for myself when I could have eaten at Greek wraps across the street for maybe $7 or Jersey Mikes for $7ish also. Or made the same thing at home for maybe $3. Lunch should be cheaper in my opinion.
The layout is simple.  Walk in, host greets you and seats you.  If you have not been there before then the server is flagged to come walk to through their process.  If not then you are off on our own.  Server came got our drink order and walked us through the process.  Our server Brittney was awesome!  We picked our meats, added spices, picked our veggies, and then sauces.  I got beef, chicken, garlic spice, tofu, baby corn, and water chestnuts.  I added the soy honey (too sweet for me).  I picked all of my stuff to go with udon noodles.  It was ok, was not the best I have ever had.  

We also ordered a cheesecake for dessert.  It was good.  

Later talking with the manager, Andrew.  They have been open for 2 months, they are still working out the processes of the place (understandable).
I was totally hoping for a Bill and Teds type Genghis type guy to be running around smashing shit... slightly disappointed when the hostess was a sweet snappy lady. 

We were seated and drinks were ordered. We were then ushered to the beginning of the food line and quickly "learned" on the art of MSF.

Fill yer bowl with meat, veggies, sauces etc.. give to cook pick rice, noodles etc. 

My concern is making my own food taste like shit.. I prefer chefs that know how much chili sauce is too much.. 

My dish came out good, a ton of steak, some veggies, the Genghis sauce and a little of some other one, and egg or two and some fried rice. 

I was concerned about the portion but after concocting... there was plenty! 

I did like the meat better here then at YC's
I eat at boofays all the time, so believe it or not my problem isn't with allowing patrons to handle their own serving utensils and potentially cross-contaminate food allergens or bacteria. 
My problem at Ghenghish Ghrihll (where the heck do you put the "H" again?!?) is with the way the staff handles their meat.
Sounds pretty yucky, and it is.

After going through a useless ordering procedure instruction by the server, the complications of which are rivaled only by the ridiculous ChinoBandido http://www.yelp.com/biz/chino-bandido-phoenix-3#hrid:Rc5orUUva9KTB4kMp7EgMw , I winced as i grabbed a serving tong laying on top of a pile of raw meat, dished out my portion, and went on touching other serving utensils on the veggies and spices and sauces. GROSS.

Guessed about what to put on the dang thing, and was scared, really, since the server warned to be sure to know you like what you put on by tasting it with a tiny spoon ( from a bowl where it was touched by all those other peoples' grubby germ-laden meat-tongs-hands) .  GROSS. 

Thinking that "well, at least it's going to be cooked now," I hand my dish of e-coli-laden vegetables and warm grey meat chunks to the ''chef'' and scurry into the restroom to wash my hands with soap. 

When the food finally comes (long wait) to our table in the overly cramped dining room, the portion is onderwhelming and the thing is ugly.  The veggies are overcooked, and when i try the meat chunks, they are undercooked to the point of being rubbery instead of flaking apart as i chew. GROSS.

I will admit i got lucky and concocted a decent flavor, but it was a total fluke.  Unimportant.  

I was counting on that warm, grey, pile of exposed-to-the-public meat being cooked through and through to eliminate any food borne bacteria sure to be lingering around after its recent history of unhealthy handling.

The server was more than happy to allow me to fill another bowl, and the guys said i could have them start cooking the meat first and add veggies later , but why should i have to ask for that?  

Well, it didn't matter, because i never got the chance to even have them cook up that second bowl.

As i stared down at the sloppy serving station, trying to decide if thinly sliced meat meant more or less chance of bacteria, I watch a staff member fill up the raw chicken tray with more rubbery chunks.  He does not place the new container in the server and pour the old meat on top of it, but instead simply pours new, frozen meat on top of the old thawed meat already in the bin.  This is not only against common sense, but against food handling procedure.  

Who knows how many times he refilled this way that day, or how long the meat down in the bottom of that container had been sitting there?!? 

GROSS.

If asked whether I prefer to allow all of that sort of thing to just go on behind the closed doors of a kitchen where i can't see it - YES, that's exactly what I prefer.
First of all we now have a Mongolian BBQ restaurant in the west valley. So kudos for that. I actually liked my dish which I made up from my own Mongolian BBQ experience, I only did this because I did not like any of the recommended receipes. This is pretty easy to do; select any meats and veggies you like then select the sauce. This is where I wasn't thrilled with the choices none looked like any other Mongolian BBQ places i've been to, for one thing they were all pretty thick sauces. Normal Mongolian BBQ places usually have a house sauce, soy sauce, and other Asian sauces. The one last gripe was that the bowls were kind of small and therefore a small portion of food, usually if the bowls are small you should get multiple turns to make a dish.
I work down in Chandler near Hong Kong gourmet boofay. I can go in there for lunch and for about the same price as I paid as GG I can get Mongolian stir fry, sushi and Chinese buffet...and honestly, the Mongolian stir fry at HKG would kick GG's ass all over the place. 

I had some pork, some beef, some veggies and some different sauces with fried rice. The pork was tough, crappy cuts full of grissle (sp?). The beef was just ok...still tough however. All in all, it just wasn't that great...I did not enjoy my bowl. My daughter and son both enjoyed thiers but it just wasn't happening for me. Pricing aside, the Mongolian stir fry at other places has been much better.

Now add in no drink refills and indifferent service and 2 stars is just about right. I don't see myself returning to GG.
Pricey, but pretty damn good.

They would have had 5 stars, but inexplicably there was neither garlic or sesame oil available. In fact, all the sauces had some sort of sugar element, and were very "ketchupy".

Do not want.

They have a rewards program that sounds pretty good, but I won't be going there often given the distance.

I'd return with the person I went with, though. :)
My first time going.....

The waitress looked like she was ready to give birth as she took our drink order. I had stated I had never been there before but she still didn't give me the break down of how this whole grill thing worked. "In her defense she appeared to be the only one working there" 

My kids loved it because their bowl's were endless, they were able to make and eat as much as they wanted and it was well priced for theirs. 

The adult bowls on the other hand were not worth it. Very pricey for one bowl and wouldn't be worth it to spend almost $15 for an endless bowl. 

The grill line wasn't as clean as I would have wanted, but needless to say the kids that were in front of us knew how to pile on their items and just leave a mess behind. 

The part of watching them grill, I have to say I was impressed and my daughter were in aww to watch it happen also. 

We had a 20% off coupon and the waitress never took it off the bill, had to wait 15 minutes just to get our bill so I didn't want to wait any longer to have her deduct a few dollars. 

The food tasted excellent. If they would lower their price and get some better staff I might frequent this one more often.
We come here pretty frequently.  I've never had Mongolian stir fry in other restaurants b'c the only other place I've seen them at is at buffets and there's just other things to eat there!  I have, however, been to several other Genghis Grill and this on as far as service goes, is pretty good.  We've had a decent experience just about every time we've gone there.  I like this one more than the one on the NE side of town at the Tempe Marketplace.

As far as food goes, I should just rate myself, right, and not GG?  In which case, I give myself 5 stars!  I'm really good at mixing sauces!  If you've never been to a Mongolian BBQ joint, basically, the food is raw, you pick up what  meats, veggies, spices and sauces  you want and they will cook for you on this like big open griddle thing.  Good stuff.  

I think they have a pretty good selection of meats and veggies and  yes, sometimes it's a little messy but I would say they are usually on top of making sure the counters are clean.  The mess usually comes from the veggies that fall out of people's bowl.  You put the meats in the bowl first so it is unlikely it will come out of the bowl and contaminate the counter.  Unlikely I say but I'm sure possible.

My only complaint is how they changed their pricing structure.  Years ago when we used to frequent a GG in Dallas, it was once price, all you can eat.  I never packed my bowl the way I do now and if anything probably got less food because I didn't feel like I had to "get my money's worth".  Now if you want all you can eat, it's a different price than if you got just one bowl.  I was taken aback by that the first time we went to this place b'c it had been  years since we had been to one.

If you are curious about trying a place like this, I definitely recommend!  If you feel intimidated, don't be.  The waitresses are very helpful and they also have these "cards" you can pick up that tell  you what ingredients to pick if you don't feel adventurous enough to make your own.  My tip to you: PACK IN THE FOOD. Use your hands and push down if you have to.  THat's what we do.  One bowl is PLENTY.  Most of all, have fun!
Awesome food. Really don't have any complaints other than it being a little difficult to get to the bins that are in the very back. I watched an elderly lady a few people in front of me to try to reach for bins of food and she just couldn't get to it. 

Our waiter was really nice, the food is delicious and filling. It was my third time there and I'll definitely be going again.
Service was great although it wasn't that busy! Had a pregnant server who checked in on my table more than enough. Drinks never went empty. Food was great! Bayou bowl is highly recommended with udon noodles instead of rice!
This place is fantastic! It is a great mix of a faster food/sit down restaurant.  The bar is also great and has great happy hour and drink specials.  Food is fantastic, service was amazing, and the bar is great!  Definitely worth a try.
I can't really say anything about the food because I didn't stay long enough to try it.  It was pretty late at night and it seemed like they were the only ones still open in that area that we were in.   So we parked, went inside and were greeted by the hostess quickly.  She found us a place to sit, but I asked to be moved.  The table was directly under a ceiling fan that was going 100 miles per hour.   I hate that!  I don't like to eat cold food.  So she moved us to another table.  Once she left and we were trying to read the menu, the ceiling fan that was only four feet away as opposed to directly above me was going a little slower.  I think what bothered my husband the most and caused us to leave was that the lights were flickering like a strobe light because they were shining through the fans.  Maybe I'm just being picky, but those types of things really bother me.
All the ceiling fans were set to max, the best part is that the lights in the restaurant are above the fans.  Great strobe light effect from the fans and lights.  Could not get over that part of the restaurant.  It was similar to a flickering light effect throughout the restaurant.  
I was unsure of food safety after reading Ryan's review so with the light/ceiling fan issue I headed for the door.
This place is horrible. I was in the neighborhood and wandered in hungry and low bloodsugar-ing. I was hoping for something approximating my favorite Mongolian bbq place at home in CA but would have been ok with anything edible, I was so hungry. So the bar was not exactly set high, but they still totally failed to clear it. 

The meats and seafood were nasty and disturbingly old-looking. The sauces and toppings were basically anything but Mongolian -- pre-mixed ketchup based sauces, all of them disgustingly sweet, instead of various oils and garlic and spice sauces you usually get at Mongolian places. The noodles were basically Italian pasta. My request for sesame seeds was met with confusion (though they did manage to produce a bowlful for me eventually), and there was no pocket bread to be found. And when I got my bowl back it was bland, soggy and limp; it had been drenched with water because "the sugar in the sauces would have burned" on the grill without it. Ya THINK? I ended up just fearfully picking out the meat and left the rest, still hungry.

While I was still in line filling my bowl, I realized I forgot some shrooms and asked the grim midwestern couple behind me if I could do a quick reach back for a few. You would have though I'd asked to do a reach-around instead, they acted so outraged I might hold up the procession to get the food into their mouths as fast as possible. "We've been waiting in line already!!" one of them barked out. Seriously. They pretty much exemplified the only people who could be happy with what you get at Genghis Grill. Chunksters who only care about all-you-can-shovel dreck, in minimal time.

Sorry, guys, you're nowhere near my type and neither is Genghis NON-Mongolian Stir Fry. You couldn't pay me to do either. Will not be back.
I am sorry, I heard great things about GG so took the family to the Arrowhead location in Glendale,AZ. The service was good, Iced tea was fresh. Sake price for happy hour was a great deal! BUT I was very disappointed with the cleanliness. There was food everywhere, and I felt it unsanitary to even get the chicken when I saw the tongs had actually fallen into the container. The people behind me asked for more marinated steak because all you saw was a red liquid. The guy brought it out and said "More meat! Less blood!" (HIS WORDS EXACTLY) I  almost gagged. Also, the meat station smelled awful. Fresh meat and seafood should not have a foul odor. And you should be able to tell what kind of meat it is. Only the turkey looked decent.The carrots were brown and a lot of the veggies looked limp, the mushrooms looked like they needed to be washed. I feel the place would benefit if they just cleaned it up and put out fresh food. And more variety of sauces that are not so salty! Most of them tasted the same, with a sodium overload. I don't understand this when you have all the dry salt powders near the meat station, then load up on salty sauce? Now being half Thai, I love Asian food, my mom used to own an award winning Thai restaurant back in the day before Thai exploded everywhere.  I did not come here for gourmet food, I came because I heard it was fresh and I could get exactly the ratio of veggies and meat to noodles that I wanted and it was open late. I guess in all fairness we went around 8:30pm. So after the dinner rush, but still no excuse to not wipe down the food area. Afterall they are open till 11pm!
I usually patron the other similar establishment, however some family that was in town wanted to try Genghis.  It was good, but it could have been better.  It is a bit deceiving as the bowls they give you to fill are rather small...however, if you are a master at the act of balancing...you can totally get your money's worth! 

My only qualm is that the meats and poultry pieces are huge.  I have frequented other establishments like this where the meats are very thinly sliced which makes it much easier to pack in that bowl! There are so many choices...steak, seasoned steak, calamari (yummy!) chicken, turkey, shrimp etc.  Veggies and other toppings galore.   

I do prefer it when they mix the sauce for me, because I am not always familiar with the level of sweetness, tartness, sourness, spiciness, or whatever-ness that each sauce has.  So this time it was just a free for all...I did end up with a pretty spicy (just my liking) sauce on my dish.  I chose to get steamed rice and rice noodles and it was delicious!  Served with a refreshing glass of Watermelon flavored iced tea (I only got one glass because they somehow ran out of watermelon syrup after making mine!)  too bad cuz that stuff was da' bomb diggity!

We were seated by the window and underneath what I can only describe is an air conditioner that was on steroids and crack!  Yes, we live in Phoenix...yes it's hot here...but man oh man this thing was like sitting underneath an arctic storm in Antarctica!  We had two young girls with us who were shivering...even in all of their pre-Justin Bieber concert attire!  Fortunately, our server was very nice and when we asked if we could have the air Freezer turned off, she quickly obliged!  If that thing had been on when our food arrived, I guarantee it would have gone to steamy to frozen in about 2.3 seconds!

I'll try GG again...I might even try one of their pre-printed recipe cards that are located right before the "kitchen"!  

Hiiii-ya! (my feeble attempt at being Genghis like)
I was very excited to eat at a place where I get to pick everything that goes into my dish, from the meats, to the spices, the veggies, and the sauce. Even the carb choice! However, when eating here on a busy Friday night, they were out of some items which was disappointing. Also the beef was cut so thin that when it was cooked tasted like ground beef. I don't know about you, but I don't want a ground beef stir fry. The chicken was excellent as were the udon noodles. I say, management needs to over see the food buying and food prep more and they will be good to go.
Just okay for my taste, the one thing I do like is that you can go crazy with what you decide you want to have them cook up for ya!! 
You simply, pick your choice of meat, choice of seasoning, veggies, sauce and starch and you hand it over to the cook, that then they heat it up for you in their gigantic grill and TA DA, it is all ready for you to enjoy!!
The one thing that I honestly don't really like is the price, it could definitely be adjusted, it is a bit over-priced for the portioned you get and that is without a drink, if they included your drink of choice then I would then be content!!
Quick and easy but I wouldn't say it was "good". More like to late to cook dinner, super hungry, deal with the quality, place.
I go here at least twice a month.  It's an awesome experience and the staff is friendly and on the ball.  I always stack up on the seafood items, add some mushrooms and spinach and choose my sauce.  I also get double rice noodle.  You can also get free white or brown rice when your server brings you your bowl.  I will continue going there.
Great food and friendly service. I love the idea of making your own bowl, and being able to pile on as much as you want. The menu concept and how it is organized is genius! If you're not pleased when you create your own bowl, and not go by their menu, it's your own fault! Can't wait to go back.
Definitely a fan. This is very different from the average Mongolian place. You can not only get a large selection of protein items, such as beef, pepperoni and chicken, but you can add your own seasonings. You can follow their recipes or create your own. Who would have thought you can make a Cajun garlic chicken teriyaki Mongolian bowl with rice noodles? It actually turned out great.
It's the whitest Mongolian Barbecue EVER. And not in a good way. What kind of Mongolian place serves tortillas and pepperoni?! No thank you.

The only reason it doesn't get one star is that it didn't taste horribile.
My favorite Mangolian grill in the valley. I have been there so many times and it takes few times to select appropriate ingredients to get the taste you like. They do have BOGO's some times.
We received an email promo for a valentines special for two bowls and dessert for $24.95. This coupon is very misleading since a dinner bowl is already 9.99 each and the dessert is 4.95! We came during the dinner rush which was   packed and busy. Our waitress, "Kelly" gave such poor service in general. The first was getting our drinks after one of our bowls were already made. In getting a refill for us she pretty much dropped the drink onto the table and was gone in a flash. She gave the tab when my date was still in the middle of eating and had to add "I'm in no rush to take this" and once again left in a flash. When she came back to collect the tab I mentioned she forgot the dessert with the promo. Before I could say anything else about which dessert we wanted she was gone already in a flash. She brought back a dessert that we did not want or order. My date asked if we get the option picking the dessert which "Kelly" responded this is the usual dessert. She apologized saying that she should have asked us and offered to get us whatever we wanted.  At this point I was livid and I said very little. We ate our dessert which to our surprise was very tasty. Our bowls were cooked promptly and we do enjoy the variety of meats , vegetables, and carb options. This is my 2nd or 3rd time at this location and thoroughly enjoy the mongolian bbq experience. The service with all these young waiters really needs to step up a notch or two. I will definitely go there in the future to see if  anything changes with the service.
Bowl is bigger than I thought

Hit GG for a co-worker's birthday.  Nice staff and the place is trendy and clean.  A bit loud, but not bad.

Getting to the line and choosing your food is easy.  Easier if you have long arms as the sneeze guards make you stretch to get options in the rear.  Leave your Mongolian concoction at the cooks bar, mark which starch you want (noodles, rice, burrito?!), take your number, and go sit down.  About 10 minutes later your dish arrives. 

Turns out there is more than enough food in one bowl.  Most of us were commenting how stuffed we felt about 3/4 through.  Another aspect is you make your dish, so if you mess it up with odd flavors, it's all on you.

As a Mongolian place, some of the options are weird-- burrito, pepperoni, fruit, et al.  One doesn't have to choose those options, but it's still odd to see.  On the plus, it's quick, tasty, and quality eats.

Oh, and birthday boy loved the tuxedo bomb dessert.  He was in a happy diabetic coma all the way home.
Simply terrible!!! They messed up and gave us someone else's dish, then the "manager" had my fiancée make a new order and wright it down. When he brought back his second dish it didn't even have the chicken in it... at this point we are so livid we asked for the check. They didn't  comp our meal or anything. What an awful company!!!! Will never eat there again or recommend this to anyone.
First off, I have no knowledge of "real" mongolian bbq. Whether it's "the whitest mongolian bbq ever" or not, all I know is that it was DAMN GOOD! 

Authenticity aside, I had no idea what I was doing when I walked in. Met some friends there for a quick get together before heading off to a movie. I was given a bowl...just an empty bowl and a line full of goodies to fill it with. I was told the idea was to fill the bowl as high as you can! My friends took full advantage of that. My only complaint is the labels were kind of mixed up and I couldn't tell what something was. I just asked a lot of questions. Perhaps I missed it somewhere but a quick description of the seasonings would have been helpful too. Again, I just asked plenty of questions so I had a good first experience. Plus, it wasn't busy so I could afford to do so.

I piled my bowl high with marinated beef strips, sausage, veggies galore and just your basic stir fry sauce. The shape of the bowl is interesting but so cute! The service was just so cool. When I asked about dessert, the waitress was honest about what she liked and what she didn't. I'm so glad I took her advice on dessert. I was so impressed by everything they offered! All and all, I loved my experience and I hope to come back soon!!

My final opinion is that you really don't need a bottomless bowl because I couldn't even finish one bowl! Had to take that shizz to go!
I have been searching for a Mongolian grill near Surprise, Az; this place is the best.  A wide selection to chose from.  I agree that one bowl is more than enough and you will have food left to take with you.  The server there was wonderful. I will eat here again


*****update*******

I will never eat here again. Ganghis has made lots of changes that have impacted the quality of the food. I loved this place and was eating here at least once a week. I ate here again on 10/28/13 and as you know the food is supposed to be raw and they cook it on the grill for you.  However for some reason they precook the chicken then you are supposed to pile your other raw ingredients on top of it then hand it to one of the grill guys and let the cook it all over again. The chicken was very dry. The restaurant was filthy. The bar with e raw food was plain dirty. The little cups for your sauce were all stained. I kept looking for a clean one and could not find one. Additionally the last few times I have eaten there I have received bowls that contained items I didn't put in my bowl. One example is I don't eat seafood but my bowl had 3 shrimp in it. What if I had a seafood allergy?   Eat here at your own risk! The place needs a good scrub.the tables, menus, silverware, and chairs had left over food particles on them.  I used to visit here every week and I have seen the rapid decline. I don't know what management was thinking... If it wasn't broke then why fix it?
This place was pretty good.. it's a little bit confusing for the first time. I think I would have rather looked at the menu first rather then having the waitress try to explain it to us. I got the thai chicken bowl and i thought it was good. We will for sure come back here.
LOVE this place. Greatest concept! 

Its fresh and you can put more or less of food you want and you can see them cooking your food instead of it being closed off not knowing whats going on back there!

Everyone working there is kind and upbeat and are always on top of things. 


I cannot tell you enough to come and try this place! Its fun.
We frequent this location often on Tuesdays because kids eat free which is wonderful. They also have $1 domestic beers which we appreciate with our meal choices. The food is always abundant and clean. The wait staff is the only downfall of this location and the tables and booths are not always clean which is such a turn off. We will keep going back for the food not the atmosphere.
Wasn't a fan. Food was dependent on you to come up with the recipe and with the type of food that can not end well. No creativity since the chef does it your way. I wasn't impressed.
As a self-described Genghis Grill junky this one left me feeling less than high.  Stopped in to grab some takeout so that I could rent Safe Haven and watch it at home with the bestie (great movie btw) on a Wednesday night around 8:30.  It wasn't busy so the hostess greeted us right away and told us the procedure for takeout, load up the bowls, pay at the bar and they'll bring us the food.  We made our way through the ingredient stations and got up to the area where you tell them what kind of starches you want.  I asked for brown rice and then waited for my friend to finish with her ingredients.  She got the Udon noodles which then caused the guy cooking everything to come back to me and start asking if I was sure I wanted brown rice, because I could get noodles instead!  He concluded with asking if I was trying to be healthy.  Uhhhh, maybe I am or maybe I'm not, regardless just give me the food I ask for without an argument!!!

After that we headed to the bar to wait and pay.  However none of the 3-4 servers/bartenders/anyone stopped to find out what we needed until we'd been sitting there for a while.  Finally the one girl who actually looked like she was busy came over to help us and get our checks for us.  It was just not the level of quality I expect from Genghis and I was a bit disappointed.
Genghis Grill was definitely an interesting experience. When you enter they give you a bowl which you fill up with meats, vegetables and other ingredients (hint: fill that bowl as high as possible because the meat will shrink). Afterwards you pick your sauces and your starch. They even bring it to your table when it's ready. For a price like $9.99 for a bowl you'll realize that it fills you up very quickly. I followed the beef and broccoli recipe and I ended up taking half of it home in leftovers which, by the way, taste even better when you eat them the next day.
It's a mongolian grill, you know the drill...

Get a bowl, fill it to overflowing with every meat and veg they have (except maybe pineapple and pepperoni), douse it with a sauce, some ginger or garlic and hope for the best.  Honestly it always tastes different but it always tastes good and it comes out hotter than the sun.  It's more than you could (or should?) eat in one sitting, so it's really two meals or one meal and a snack for later.

They cook it well and you know what you're getting.

It's kind of pricey, especially after drinks and dessert but ok if you get 2 meals out of it.

My daughter got the kids mac & cheese - it looked like it was from another planet.  The cheese was all crusty (not in a good way) and sliding off the noodles into the pools of grease.  It was cold and yet the crusty cheese was hot (again not in a good way).  We pointed it out to the staff and immediately they brought her another option - cheesy quesadilla (in a good way).

I'm not dying to return and I do love me some Mongolian!  I want a more authentic, less franchisey one maybe...
Our first trip was awesome.  We got great customer service and walk through of how to put together a bowl.  I love that I can do it myself or order from the table.  Service is excellent and the food is good and reasonably priced.
I was very impressed. This is the best Mongolian grill I have been to so far.

A lot of people seem to be complaining about the fans and the way you have to put together your own recipe....and I don't get that. We live in Phoenix, the fans were quite welcome; and there are racks of recipe "cheat sheets" if you aren't creative or your culinary aptitude is nil.

That being said, I was thoroughly impressed with the selection of all ingredients--particularly the array of spices and sauces to choose from. The "3G sauce" as it was called if I remember correctly, is recommended highly. 

Like others have said, a bottomless bowl is definitely not necessary, one bowl was more than enough. Also, they have bottled domestic beers for only $1 all day every day last time I was in, so get down on that, why not. Two beers cost me less than my friend's coke.

This place deserves a higher rating, give it a try.
I grew up in Michigan and one of my favorite Mongolian stir fry places anywhere was within driving distance. Unfortunately, they are not in Phoenix. And since moving here I've been looking for another place to get my fix.

Genghis Grill is the best I've found yet in the valley. Not quite a perfect replacement but I certainly think it is pretty good. Choosing your starch was a nice touch. Not everyone feels like rice.

I feel like some of the sauces are pretty bland but it does give you the ability to experiment. Also there are options on the menu for kids that may not be into stir fry.

The only complication we had for service is that we both went to build our plates. While gone, our table was bussed. Having some sort of card that says someone is at this table may deal with that possible confusion. Also if you decide you want more than 1 bowl, having to wait for wait staff can be frustrating. I understand that it makes it easier to figure out who got 1 bowl vs all you can eat. But when the place is busy, you may be there a while if you want seconds or (somehow) thirds.
Decent stir fry for this type of place. Not my favorite type of food, but it got the job done. I liked being able to choose your starch, including cabbage if you're low-carbing it, and the servings were pretty generously-sized. Plus you have the option to make it bottomless for an extra $5 apiece or so. The sauces seemed bland, but maybe I didn't mix mine like I should have.

Service was...odd. Not bad considering it was pretty crowded. Our waiter was super friendly, but when we went up to fix our plates the servers bussed and cleaned our table. It was all cleared off when we went back, and the waiter was as confused as we were. It made me glad I had taken my purse up with me, and glad there weren't people sitting at our table when we came back. The whole place was a bit loud for my liking, but between the crowds, the fans, and the sounds of cooking that isn't really surprising.
My husband and I had a great dinner at Arrowhead Genghis Grill last night.  It was our first time there, and the staff were helpful and friendly.  It was fun to put together our own stir fry concoctions.  The ingredients were all fresh, neatly placed and labeled which made it easy to go through the line.  Our waitress explained how to make our choices.  I was very happy with the taste of my meal, and with the $1.00 special on some of the bottled beers.  We will definitely go back again.
This place make all Genghis gills look and taste bad. I have been to a few locations and was a hard core happy rewards card guy with a glass beer mug and this Genghis suck! I moved and this is the closest one. The cooks burn the food every time and the host are always confused. Great business but very bad management.
We came to Genghis Grill for dinner and when my bowl was brought to the table it had a big black hair in it. I told the manager on duty right away and he didn't offer me to make a new bowl or even apologize.  He took the bowl back to the take out section, took out the hair, and then dumped the remnants of the bowl into a new one. Disgusting. I cannot eat here anymore without having to worry that there is hair in my food.
I will start by saying this is the best stir fry place I've found in the Valley - hands down.  After months of great food and "par" service - I had my first bad experience today.  It was disappointing but not tragic.  I will try again and make sure they aren't trending down. 
I should have been a better "Yelper" and reviewed them for all the good experiences but felt compelled today.  They have always been a little stingy with the sauces.  They could use more adjustable sizes for that.  

Service is always "bleh" here.  They have one redhead female who seems so flippant - it makes me whince we I walk in and she is there.  I am not sure why they have such attitude - we make our own bowls they just need to run it and keep the drinks refilled.  They get tipped on full ticket price - so I am not sure why all the sourpuss attitudes.   HOWEVER, we go back TIME AND TIME AGAIN because of the food.  It is a great place :)
Haven't been here in awhile. While it is a pick and choose kind of set up it has been much improved since I was last here. Being able to pay at your table is a nice convenience.  Also ordering drinks, appetizers,  etc is great. Enjoyed the meal and pretty satisfied.
My fiance and I were out running errands around town this past weekend and passed by this place.  I mentioned wanting to try it sometime and that I had been to a place with the same concept many years ago in Tempe and thought it was really cool.  After we were done running errands we were headed back the same direction and came up to Ghenghis and he pulled in the parking lot and suggested we go ahead and try it.  We walk in and wait to be seated like the sign says, right off the bat I notice several employees walk by without even acknowledging us.  Then this male employee walks over with a bewildered look on his face, like he clearly is not used to seating people.  I thought he'd figure it out since it's not exactly a large restaurant.  We should have just grabbed a seat at their bar!  He told us someone would be right with us and a girl came over and sat us...right next to the server station.  Whatever I was starving and didn't really care at that time.  Neither one of us had been there so our waitress who sat us rapidly explained the process, she went thru it so fast I just decided we should fill out their form and have them make our bowls for us.  When she got back to us for our order we ordered drinks, I got a coke and he ordered a beer.  We proceeded to sit there for about 20 minutes, meanwhile at the table next to us some people sat down after us and were brought their meals and were almost done!  Our waitress comes over and says our food should be out any minute, not long after that another woman comes over ( I assume the manager since she wasn't wearing a server uniform) and says that they are out of two of the seafood items that my fiance had ordered.  He changed his order and we continued to wait all the while thinking why the hell didn't they tell us that in the first place!  Then as we waited and waited some more I started wondering why our waitress said our food should be out soon when they clearly hadn't even started cooking it yet if they didn't even possess the food to cook it.  By this point I was extremely hungry and irritated, I had half a coke left his beer was empty and the waitress comes by and drops off a fresh coke that I felt like she did only to try and make up for our wait.  But maybe she should have thought of asking if my fiance wanted another beer since his was empty!  She did stop to ask if they had told us they were out of his order and said she would take our bowls off, whatever that meant.  We continued to wait a few more minutes until I just couldn't wait any longer.  We got up to leave and walked passed the manager lady sitting at a bar table who said thanks for coming...ya thanks for NOTHING!  They weren't even what I would call busy.  I have never had to walk out on service like that.  I was looking forward to a cool new experience and ended up being extremely disappointed.  I will never go there again!
Come here a lot when im in the mood for some stir fry. Always solid food. $2 domestics. They lose a  couple stars because they've been screwing with the experience lately, no longer get to fill ur own sauces and I miss the 1 inch cubes of chicken, much smaller now and now it's precooked? Dafuq?
Great location! Pretty busy on a Saturday night probably because of the asu game. They changed things since the last time I was here about 4 months ago. Now they give you these "name cards" where u write your name and just give it to the cooks. Guess I don't mind that much I got food much faster that way. I was pretty excited about making my shrimp bowl till I read the sign they just added stating that they are currently going thru a Shrimp shortage at the moment. You don't even get to sample the sauces any longer. That was another cool thing I loved about this place. WTF I was truly disappointed. Also I felt a little rushed. Not even ten minutes after I received my food the waitress handed me the bill. Not as pleased this time but I guess I'll give then another shot. Hopefully next time they'll have shrimp!
I find it laughable what one of the reviewers below said. $8.99 is nothing in comparison to the prices at Stir Crazy in Illinois and other similar concepts, but I guess ignorance is bliss. Not to mention piling up a bowl like that with the raw meat on top cheats the restaurant as it is technically another meal. But I digress.

Genghis Grill is a casual Mongolian stir fry joint, similar to Pei Wei or the hibachi station at an Asian buffet. There are a good variety of meats and veggies to choose from. I understand why the sauces have to be attended; I wouldn't put it past a stupid customer to dip a finger in a sauce otherwise. Not to mention if you put too much sauce, the amount of sugar in certain sauces can burn and screw up the meal.

I pieced together a meal of udon noodles with chicken, veggies, and honey soy sauce. I enjoyed it and can't complain--a regular size bowl left me stuffed.

The waitress was nice and prompt with our requests, although another one came by later and kept saying "K" after the two things we asked for. 

Overall, I like the place since you can control the amounts of which ingredients go into your meal. Despite it being Friday evening, there wasn't a terribly long wait and our food came back cooked quickly.
I have been to several Mongolrian grills, and I was really looking forward to one opening up near me.  So I was happy to hear that Genghis Grill had opened up.  My first experience at this place was nothing to brag about, but nothing to complain about.  The food was good, the service was good, but nothing about this place stood out as real good or great.  Just an average Mongolian Grill.  

Nothing about the food or experience left me craving for more.
We arrived to a loud, chaotic layout. There was no clear path or sign and no hostess awaiting us. We chose the most obvious looking route, into the barbecue line, and picked our ingredients. Got to the end and were informed by our baffled chef that we needed a "card" for them to fry our food. Went to find a server but none would make contact with us, so we seated ourselves, assuming a server would come by (as some restaurants do). One did but entered into another baffled conversation in which we were basically told we were the ones in the wrong, and told what to do "next time." Our actual server was nice and tried to excuse the place but he was too little too late. The only reason this place gets more than one star is for the food, which was fresh and pretty good. Otherwise it's too loud, confusing and the customer service SUCKS. Never returning.
Used to be a four star place before the portion sizes went down and they removed the shrimp. No shrimp at all?!?!? That was my favorite part. The owner said their prices went up so they removed it. I understand business but at the same time keeping customers happy and customer retention is important as well. I will find a new place to go when I crave Mongolian BBQ.
= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET  = = = = =


Stopped in here today for a first visit to a Genghis Grill, joined by Scott W.  Here you are seated by a server, and restaurant was a bit brown & dark inside, except for bright sunlight glaring in from the south facing windows with no blinds.

Over at the serving area you choose between tiny, small or medium small bowls, priced at $8, $10 or $13 & start dishing yourself up whatever you like from the meat & veggie trays.

At the end of the serving line a staff member gives you a scoop of sauce from one of a number of selections, premixed.  After tasting a couple of sauces with tiny plastic spoons they give you, I went with a Honey + something Sauce.

Then you go to the grill area, where you choose the starch items separately.  They offer white rice, brown rice, fried rice, plus rice noodles, wheat noodles and more.  With the $8 bowl you get one starch portion, with the $10 you can have 2 and with the $13 bowl you can have three.  The all-you-can-eat  version is $5 on top of whichever bowl you start with, so it's $13, since it makes sense to start with the $8 bowl.  In any case, all go-backs are with the smallest bowl.

The good:

*  There were a good number of meat selections including two seafood (not shrimp) choices.

*  They bring your bowl over to your table when it's done.  You don't have to stand & wait for it to be cooked, which is kind of nice unless you particularly want to watch Chef Mongol wag it around on the grill with sticks & style.     :-)

*  The food was delecious, & cooked just right.  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-))

= = = = = =

The not-as-good:

I didn't care anywhere near as much for this place as YC's in Tempe which I just went to a few days ago.  The dining room over there was more appealing to start with.  Also, at YC's you just paid & then you were on your own, with everything help-yourself, including beverages, & no one hovering over your table.  Their drinks were included in the price, so this place tends to be more expensive.  Also, YC's gives you the largest (& larger than here) bowl for your first go-through on the all-you-can-eat plan, & for your seconds too.  Also, there were soups & other goodies such as whole nuts over there that Genghis here didn't offer here.

Meh...  that's it for this place.  I WILL try the other Genghis' around the Valley & see if they can make a better impression, but these guys here didn't quite cut it for this style of Buffet.     :-|
This place is so amazing its one of our favorite restaurants, whenever we have a special occasion this is the first place on our list! The most amazing staff I've seen! Very friendly staff by far one of the best unique restaurants ever!
The chicken was horrifying. Not sure if it was still raw or what, but it tasted like slimy soft rubber. Vomit-worthy. I pushed all the chicken to one side of my bowl and ate everything else. The bowl was great besides the main part of my dish. *sigh* I tried some of the steak from my boyfriends bowl, which was fantastic. The service was sub-par. There was only one other table in the whole place, and our server was never to be found. She didnt ask us how our food was either. Not a good experience for me, I wont be back. YC's is much better, and I get great service because I can serve myself
Definitely a good good spot to stop for a wholesome lunch.  I enjoyed the variety of meats, veggies, and sauces.  Service was good, food was good, and the price wasn't bad at all.  If I lived closer I'd definitely come here more often.
Genghis Grill is a unique restaurant! It's a Mongolian style BBQ - meaning you get a table - then get in line to create your bowl! You are in control!! You choose the amount of meat, spice, veggies and sauce! There are bazillion different kind of combinations. 

The staff is very friendly and attentive -Faye and Bridgette make sure I have my beverage and bowl immediately :)!  A regular bowl is perfect size and you easily have a lot to take home for next day if you wish! The food is delicious! If you want it spicier your waitress can get you a bottle of Sriracha on the side! Yummy!  Also it's great fresh food!
First trip here was ok, second was my last. The atmosphere and service is spot on. Everyone is very friendly and attentive, so this place gets a high rating in that respect. For the food, there's some good and some bad.  For Mongolian Grill, there is not a lot to choose from for your bowl. Don't get me wrong, I was able to fill it, but once it hit the grill, that was another story. After cooking it up and presenting it to me, all of my meat disappeared.  No joke. I understand that with fish, they move it to the side because it cooks slower.  When they assembled it, it never made it back into my mix. 

I like other Mongolian places where you can hang out at the grill and watch the magic, plus interact with the chefs. This place isn't set up that way, which is ok, but I was disappointed with my meal.
Great food! I've been to many Mongolian grills, including YC's, and this place is the bee's knees! Very user-friendly, great drinks, and friendly staff.
Hey! This place was pretty good! It was my first time being there. The experience was weird and different, in a cool way. 

You sit down. A server comes up to you. They get your drink orders and ask if this is your first time. 

You get up and assemble your bowl. The first station is the meat station. You choose a type of meat (or meats) and move to the second station where you season it. After that is a vegetable station. They have a great variety! Fouth is the sauce station. They have anywhere from sweet to sour to spicy! Lastly, you go up the chefs, they confirm your order, and get cooking while you sit down and wait for them to bring your food! 

If you don't like your food, it's probably because you didn't mix it right. LOL I,  on the other hand, am a good food compiler so my experience was great!
This place was okay but not what I expected. Family & I were craving Mongolian grill & this place was the closest on the west side. For the self serve: Their poultry was thawed & it gave a mixture of raw meat odor, it just smelled weird. By looking at it looks fresh & it is. I think any raw meat like steak, chicken, turkey, shouldn't be side by side. Someone can easily scoop a mixture from one raw meat to another using the same utensil which is not good. Also the comparison to a large bowl to a regular bowl the portion is the same & I asked the server what's the difference, does the large get more noodle or rice versus regular size? The server's reply was yes, I told her mine's didn't look that way & all she said was that why it's always best to just get a size smaller. To me that's not consistent with the portion on what's large & regular size.
This place looks like it should get four or five stars. Unfortunately, it didn't deliver a four or five star experience.

We went there on a Sunday for lunch. We walked in and just managed to get in the door. There were several people in front of us waiting for a table. The hostess seated everyone fairly quick. We were taken to be seated at a table, but doing so would have put us shoulder-to-shoulder and elbow-to-elbow with the people at the tables next to us. The inside, at least for me, felt claustrophobic. (I don't think I've been anywhere that felt this way before.) We decided instead to sit at the bar.

We took a seat at the bar. The bar is small. Maybe a little bigger than what someone might have in their home. We were promptly greeted by the bartender. She took our drink order and gave us a quick run down of how to get our food. There is a menu  but you have to go to almost the last page to get bowl sizes and price.

You have a couple options to get your food. One is to fill out a small card with your name, bowl size and if you want noodles, rice or cabbage added to what you already put in your bowl. This you take with you, get in line, fill your bowl with your choices and present it at the end to the cooks. Or, you can fill out a larger card that lists all your options for ingredients, check off what you want and hand it to your server to take up for you. As a third option, there are twelve dishes listed with ingredients if you prefer to not have to wing it.

We decided to make our own. Line was short and moved quickly. First station you pick your meat. Although shrimp is still on the menu, they are no longer serving it due to cost. I picked the lime garlic fish instead. Next is seasoning, after that veggies and last is sauces. You can also add an egg at the end. Then mark if you want noodles, rice or cabbage and off it goes to be cooked. There are a lot of choices. It's a bit overwhelming at first. 

We went back and sat down. Our food was done fairly quick. The food looked good, but somehow I think my fish got lost. At first I thought it may have flaked apart, but I never even found flakes of it. Quite disappointing! First no shrimp, even though still on the menu, and then my fish was completely left out.

By the time we finished, the line for a bowl had become increasingly longer. The odd thing is that the line itself cuts right through the middle of the restaurant and towards the front door, further lending to the small claustrophobic feel. 

Service was good, food just okay, atmosphere was close and too small.

Two stars.
A non-holiday, regular Saturday night. Drove 20 miles one-way (actually thought it was closer than that) for take out. Get there over 20 minutes before they were SUPPOSED to close according to their website and the hours shown on their door (pictured). But OHHHHHHHH NO! - CLOSED. I've been to Genghis Grill in Tucson and the food is awesome! So, this review/location gets 2 "legacy" stars based on my previous experiences.
Food is good. Price is high. Service is weak. I've been here a few times and each time the service is just meh. Today my boyfriend and I ordered it to go. The guy making the food was very nice and helpful. The bar staff was slow and unfriendly. We had to pay at the bar and they ignored us for 10 minutes even after we asked if we could be helped. They acted like they were extremely busy but there was hardly anyone there.. Need to train and hire better staff.
Terrible service. Drinks were never served, I got my food but the person I went with never got theirs so we left. Absolute mad house. I will never go there again.
Ok, this was tough because the food did a bit of damage to my stomach and everyone else who was in my group. The thing is, it still tasted great! It is obviously Mongolian style and I LOVE these places. You pick it and they make it, so if it doesn't taste right...."you chose poorly." 

If you have never been to this type of restaurant before, it is kind of cool. They give you a bowl and you pick what kind and how much meet/protein you want in it. Then you pick what veggies, and other topping you want with it and your sauce. You actually get to make the sauce yourself and that is where you get all the flavor you want. 

Then you take it to the stir fry station and they cook it up for you. It is a cool place, and "I'll be back."
At first we lived this place but we've been back and out most recent trip we received awful service. We were seated and no one came over for at least 10 minutes. We flagged down another waitress who said she'd tell our server to come over. We waited for another 5 minutes and she didn't apologize and didn't address the issue at all. The food wasn't as good as it was before and they meat offerings changed and we more limited.
Visited this location for lunch with my mom.  Our server Sierra was very friendly.  My review is a warning to vegetarians.

I prepared my vegetarian bowl with tofu.  My food was cooked on the grill with other bowls that had meat.  Towards the end of my meal, I was very disturbed to bite into a piece of chicken.  I told our server that they should really be more careful when the bowls are being grilled all together.  I did not tell the cooks that I was a vegetarian, but I assumed that there was some care taken to prevent the bowls from mixing together.

My thinking is this- my family eats chicken, but does not eat pork.  They would have no reason to tell the cooks that they are vegetarian (apparently the code word that tells them to prepare the food carefully?), but that doesn't mean that they would be fine to bite into pork from another customer's bowl.

The solution that our server suggested (I should have told the cooks that my bowl is vegetarian so they would be careful to not mix the bowls) is not a very good solution.  Shouldn't all of the food be prepared carefully??? There are valid reasons (religious, for example) where someone may eat one particular kind of meat, but abstain from others. Proceed with caution.
Ate there for dinner tonight. The restaurant was very crowded and the wait was more than 15 minutes after you left your bowl at the grill to be cooked. The food in the buffet line looked old.  The broccoli was not florets but rather tiny, tiny pieces. The green beans looked like they were out of a can and the quality of everything was average at best. Two of us for dinner, one time through and 2 ice teas for $28 seems a bit much for fast food. If we are looking for Mongolian BBQ we will stick with YC's.
This was My first time eating here and I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was super friendly and prompt. They have great happy hour specials. $5.00 sake bombers!!! woo hoo !!  Karrisa (hostess) and Mike our waiter was fantastic!! the food is great too!
I am a fan. I thought the selection was nice, and the wait wasn't too bad, but when I went it had been open for a few weeks. 

I can understand the dietary concerns for those with allergies or meat restrictions, because it is all cooked on one grill at the same time as other batches. 

My one complaint would be to have it be more clearly stated on the menu that there are no free refills... I made my dish a little spicy, and so after 3 iced teas to quench my thirst, it became a little pricey.
Mmmm mmmm good!  I love me some Mongolian food!  Went with a friend on a Sunday around 5:00 and there really wasn't a wait at all which was great since we were hungry!  The host was very friendly as was our server who greeted us right away to take our drink orders.  As soon as that was done we made our way to the fresh ingredient area.  I was pleasantly surprised to see what I would consider an above average selection of various meats and vegetables available.  Marinated steak anyone?  Pineapple?  I think I will!  I also loved that you can pick from different options to go along with your food (steamed rice, fried rice, noodles, tortillas, and a couple others I can't remember).  I chose the fried rice and I'm proud to admit that I ate the whole bowl, it was delicious!  Next time I'm up this way I'll definitely be making a pit stop here!
I love the fresh selections and sauces!! This is a fun place with the fire wok in the back and full Bar!  you get fresh seafood/chicken/pork or steak and veggies galore...i love that they already have th sauces made so you just pick what flavor..not have to make a sauce yourself 
Oh! and when you purchase the signature glass you get 3 dollar beers everytime you go back - just show them the receipt  or bring your GG glass...I suggest fried rice but the Noodles are the Best!
While the food was of great quality and the staff were friendly. I take off 3 stars for the following reasons: 

1. Staff member observed leaving huge pile of ice mess on the floor after finishing transferring ice from the ice maker to the soda fountain ice bin. Staff member didn't bother cleaning up after herself! (ya mommy don't work there with you.. clean up your own mess!!). 

2. Buffet serving area didn't appear to been recently cleaned. Utensils felt sticky to the hand and floors not recently mopped (floors felt sticky as well.. including the restrooms). 

3. Been there 2 separate times and each time had to ask for silverware so I could eat my food! (make it a habit to bring the silverware out with the bowl or something!!).
OK. First of all, this is not actually Mongolian food. A number of years ago, some businessmen in Taiwan opened a Japanese-style stir fry joint and decided to invent a story about Genghis Khan's soldiers cooking meat and vegetables over their upturned shields. Historically inaccurate myth became fact for uneducated diners. Whatever, it's still an interesting concept. Real Mongolian food is noodles, dumplings, and hearty soups, usually with mutton and little else. At Genghis Grill, you choose from various meats and vegetables (including shrimp, not withstanding the fact that the capitol of Mongolia is nearly 1,000 miles from the ocean) and have them cooked on a grill for you. Service is kinda haphazard but the staff are all young and enthusiastic, and it was sort of like dining in a bus terminal with all of the activity and people coming and going. Recommended for lunch with a large group, definitely not for a quiet romantic evening.
At first I was skeptical because it seemed like the food wouldn't turn out good.  I got it to-go and when I got home, I loved it.  I loved the customization.  Its like Chipotle but Benihana style.
I was looking forward to trying this location since it is close to home. First impression was not good. My family and I walk in and the floors are sticky. Gross me out. Then the server we had must have been on something she was so hyper and the things that came out of her mouth were ridiculous. Mind your own business and do not make small talk. PLEASE! Went through the line and didn't expect to see raw meat and fish in bins. That was not appetizing at all. I really don't want to see my meat before it is cooked. I chose scallops and if I go back I will to try a chicken dish. Veggies in bins were not fresh. Sauces were ok. Desserts were not appetizing. Bummed.
Food was disappointing. I tried loading it up with the dry spices and the sauce at the end but it was a bit bland. Having the fresh meats side by side is a little disconcerting. Overall it wasn't bad food, but I've had much better at lower prices. I'm sure if I kept going I would figure out how to get a decent tasting meal, but I'm not sure it's worth the effort.
I recently received a response from the owner of this establishment in regards to my recent comments.  It's nice to know that management review blogs about their business!!
I like the Mongolian Barbecue concept... I really do.  So, when my friend suggested we head to this place for dinner, I was all about it.  I read the reviews that came before mine, and tried to be optimistic too... 

And while it appears that GG has addressed the complaints about not being vegetarian or food allergy friendly, they can't do much about the chain feeling one gets upon dining here.  They can, however, work on their service, which was unattentive and unorganized during my visit.

My friends and I went up to prepare our bowls at the buffet.  I prepared mine with shrimp, calamari, imitation crab meat, vegetables, egg, and a mix of honey soy and spicy sauce.  I handed it over to be cooked up and put on brown rice, and it actually turned out pretty decent.  I ended up deciding I wanted to go up for seconds.  This was after our waiter just threw our check down at our table without asking if we wanted anything else.  My friends went for dessert and I went for another bowl after that.  I guess our waiter took the check back when we flagged him down to let him know this.  I was busy finding the hostess to request a new bowl for my second helping.  

I had to ask several times after that for some more water, and when I was waiting for my cooked food to be delivered, the food runner attempted to deliver the wrong bowl to my table, even admitting that sometimes they get the numbers mixed up... not a good sign.  

If you like dining at places like Sweet Tomatoes, (not that there is anything wrong with that... I even hit up Sweet Tomatoes every now and then), this place could be up your alley.  At dinner, it's $9.99 for one trip to the buffet and $13.99 for a bottomless bowl.  If you drink and/or have dessert though, it can get pricey for what it is, but again, the concept is solid... there is something for everyone to choose from whether you like meat, chicken, fish, noodles, rice, etc...  I would suggest GG do a better job with training their servers and keeping the buffet bar stocked and clean.  I'd also suggest they do something with recipes for sauces as we all just guessed on how much sauce to use and made our own combinations of ingredients.

I have experienced better, but I'm not saying I'd never go back.  Just go in with lower expectations (it's not going to be a gourmet experience by any means), and you'll be fine!
Mongolian grill cooking is coming soon to Scottsdale!  Genghis Grill will soon open in Scottsdale, in the Promenade Shopping Center.  Currently Genghis Grill can be found in other locations in the valley:  Glendale, Chandler, Tempe and Paradise Valley.  I had the pleasure of visiting the Paradise Valley location for a sneak peek of what is to come in our Scottsdale neighborhood!  

Legend states on the battlefields, Genghis Khan along with his 12th century Mongol warriors, used to grill their food on their shields, which were heated by open fires.  Now Genghis Grill brings this legend to Arizona!

Entering Genghis Grill, you are immediately greeted by their hostess who promptly seats you at your table, along with two silver bowls.  Once seated your server comes to your table and welcomes you to Genghis Grill, along with giving a short tour of the Genghis Grill experience.  

What is great about Genghis Grill is the ability to make your own creation.  The silver bowl provided to you is your bowl to make as you wish.  A variety of fresh ingredients are available to build the bowl of your liking.  Building your bowl is a five-step process:

1.  Protein (i.e. steak, chicken, seafood)
2.  Seasonings
3.  Veggies
4.  Sauces
5.  Starches (i.e. brown, fried, steamed rice, pasta, tortilla)

Upon assembling your bowl, you walk to the cooking area, where the Genghis Grill chefs are firing up the "Genghis Shield".  This is where all food is stir-fried right before your eyes.   When you submit your bowl of ingredients, you are given a number to take back to your table.  This number will entitle your bowl to be delivered to your table upon completion of cooking.   

Genghis Grill is a true treat that has arrived in Arizona.  Look out for this exciting restaurant, coming soon to Scottsdale!

If you enjoy my reviews on Yelp, be sure to follow my blog at www.theatewonder.com

Thank you!
I will never ever go back here again. 

Here is the long and short of it: 
I have a gluten allergy and my food came in contact with someone else's food, or they didn't clean off the grill all the way before throwing my food on it. When I got my food I picked out several things that were in my bowl that I DID NOT put in the mix. My boyfriend pointed out than if there were carrots in my bowl then what else got mixed up in there. I hadn't thought about that and then I became concerned and called the waiter over. His reaction to my concerns weren't rude necessarily but he didn't seem like he really cared. I refused to eat the rest of my food and I was still charged for it. WTF?
My boyfriend just paid the bill and we took off.
To add insult to injury on the way home my lips swelled up like balloons. There was most DEFINITELY gluten in my food. We paid $30 for sub-par stir fry an an allergic reaction which lasted more than a day and caused me to have to take the day off from work and pay for a doctors visit.

I emailed the manager of this location a day later and I have yet to hear ANYTHING back from them, and that was over a month ago.

Word to the wise, If you have an allergy to ANYTHING food related- DO NOT EAT HERE!
Go to YC's mongolian grill. They at least take food allergies seriously.
Last night was my 2nd Genghis Grill experience.  My first experience was at Tempe Marketplace a year or so ago and I made my bowl almost too spicy to eat.  I vowed to return for another stab at it but my 2nd trip wasn't much better.  I find this place to be way too complicated.  The ingredients look fresh and plentiful, but:

- how much of those powders and salts should I include?
- do I crack the egg myself or bring them to the grilling station and have the chef do it for me?
- how much of the sauce should I put in the cup as to not have my dish overly spicy or overly sauced?

I much prefer YC's.  They don't have the array of ingredients, but the whole experience is better.  You get a bigger bowl, soup, ice cream, refill your own soda, and somehow your bowl is ready 10 minutes faster than at Genghis.  Plus the sauces aren't as heavy so you can pretty much guess how much to put in your bowl.

Well I guess a plus to Genghis is that they have alcohol and from the looks of it some pretty good happy hour specials....$1 saki anyone?

However, on this trip, we received excellent service.  I'm guessing he was the owner or manager.  Anyway, he was awesome and friendly.  He looked like Danny McBride which was a plus.
Literally anyone with taste buds and a digestive system can make it work at Ghengis. At one restaurant, you could walk away from the grill holding a bowl of....
1. Curried fried rice with shrimp, egg, & sprouts
2. Honey soy brown rice with spinach, tofu, broccoli and carrots
3. White rice with teriyaki beef, sesame and scallions
4. Udon noodles with peanut sauce, pork, onions, and snap peas
5. Rotini noodles with roasted tomato sauce and sausage
6. Tortillas filled with BBQ chicken, onions, and peppers
7. Some disgusting combination of any/all of the above, plus calamari and some congealed sauce that was accidentally poured onto the food instead of into the sauce cup.

The endless possibility offers some novel appeal and exciting promise of your own creation, but it also makes it exceptionally difficult to know what will pair nicely together unless you're an experienced Ghengis-goer or you can already cook (and if you can already cook, what the deuce are you doing at Ghengis Grill?) Plus, if you do succumb to being overwhelmed by choices and your food sucks, it's your fault. Then, there's always the chance that your food sucking is not your fault... on two separate occasions, the chef has broken my egg before cooking it and just served me my dish, sans egg. What is fried rice without the egg? NOTHING.

Basically, if you're looking for somewhere to eat with a rather diverse group of uncultured people (or a lot of children) everyone can find something to eat for a 10 dollar flat rate. However, if you've got even an inkling of gastronome in you, don't expect to be impressed.
Not too impressed.  The service was so-so and no one helped us with how to do this.  At previous Mongolian places I had put the sauce in the bowl.  The cook yelled at me for doing this saying it would all cook away (?) He made me get more in the little cup and it ended up so strong I could hardly eat it.  The atmosphere is sorta cold.  Idk...we just didnt care for it much =(
Friendly staff! I love the concept of make your own. There are so many choices here. The reason for the 4 star is sometimes the veggies aren't fresh. The zucchini can be mushy and the shrooms a little dark, for example.  But overall, the quality of food is good.
My family and I tried to eat dinner at Genghis tonight and where very disappointed.  My husband is allergic to gluten and we checked them out online before going and they where suppose to be very accommodating.  When our server came to our table we made it clear of his food allergy, when we made the food we made it clear to the lady helping you load your bowl, and when we got to the grill we told the cook about his food allergy and even asked for it to be made with rice.  The cook was suppose to cook his food separate of all the other gluten dinners so as not to contaminate his but the cook just threw it on the grill with everything else.  We told our water and he said he would correct the problem but when his dinner came it was with noodles witch contain gluten and would have made him sick.  In the end my husband left hungry and I left mad.  The service was bad and the place felt like a fast food restaurant.  I love Mongolian grills but my food was disappointing and even without the food allergy mix up I would not wast my money and go back.  They did offer us a free desert but they looked bad and contained GLUTEN.
The food is just okay.  I think having servers, a hostess, and a bar is an excuse to charge more.  YC's is a simpler set-up, it's cheaper, and you get more food.  Enough said.
Pros : Good selection of meat, veggies, sauces and starches makes building a mongolian BBQ bowl fun and tasty. 

Cons : The cost of the drinks seems excessive.
I was insanely disappointed with this place. I love Mongolian BBQ's, but his one was nothing like any of the others that I have been to. The hostess was very confused about where to seat my friend and I, and then several servers walked by us before one stopped and asked if we had been helped. It was busy, so I get it. Then we were given little, tiny bowls to make our meat/veggie/sauce selections, and they add noodles or rice for you. I found that incredibly unusual for this type of restaurant, so I suppose I just don't like the concept. The meat/veggie counter was very messy, with spills and stray pieces of meat/veggies all lover. Also, I feel like if you are going to limit the bowl size, the price should be much lower.  I could go to another Mongolian BBQ and get twice the food for the same price. The food itself was pretty good, although the seafood was a bit fishy. Overall, I was very disappointed. I probably will not eat here again.
Great selection of meats, vegtables, sauces and seasonings.  Fun for the whole family!
The food was excellent!! they delivered it to our business! Thanks for the great service!
I'm still kinda trying to understand what happened when I ate here. The overwhelming amount of options makes it nearly impossible for someone to create a cohesive enough flavor for it to taste good.

However, if you figure out what works here, I'm sure this can become a favorite.You can really load up on meets and veggies. I like that you can chose to add thick or thin cut beef, chicken and shrimp. 

They also have tofu, mini scallops, etc. They have a wide selection of veggies and fruits so you don't really the need meat, or if you're like me you can load your bowl with a little meat and lots of veggies. It's whatever floats your boat here. I love pineapple and tomato in my fried rice so I liked having both those options. Are all the veggies as fresh as they could be? No but this is a make-your-own stir fry joint. What can you expect for under 10bucks and SOOOO much food?

If you like everything like me, properly being able to season your food is where this place gets tricky. There is like a zillion different sauce-and-flavor options. It's easy to get lost. Since we don't know what the sauces or seasonings taste like, it's hard to gauge how much to put in. I cook a lot so I don't feel this is an issue of whether or not being an experienced chef will turn a better result. I think someone would have to come back here a few times in order to really figure out what works and what doesn't. 

Cheap sake bombs and decent food. Especially, for Asian food in AZ.
I definitely did not like this place! I found it odd that it's ok to put your raw meat into a bowl, then go to the vegi area and mash your vegis into the raw meat and place the spoon you used, that now has raw meat juices on it ,  back into the  community vegi  bowl. I don't eat chicken.  The thought of someone's chicken juice, laden spoon being put back into the broccoli  grosses me out!!  It's very overwhelming. There are too many choices. I swear I got twinges in my stomach after I ate there.
I am updating my review because the new manager of this store contacted me to try to remedy the bad experience I had on my first visit. I was offered a free meal for my boyfriend and I, as well as compensation for wages lost because of the allergic reaction I had to the food I consumed at this establishment. I emailed the previous manager to tell him about my experience, only really looking for my money back and to warn him about their employees lack of concern for their customers health and well being. No one emailed me back, until the new manager took over.

Look, I work in the service industry, I know sometimes accidents do happen. But when an accident happens and a customer brings it to your attention, you try and do everything you can fix the situation and keep the customer happy and coming back. On my only visit here, the server was unapologetic about the food mix up and still made us pay for our food. We were neither happy with the way we were treated nor our total dining experience. A dining experience that left me with swollen lips and tongue for more than a day.
I was glad to be contacted by the new management who tried to help us out by offering us a meal on the house, but the fact of the matter is we had such a bad first experience that I cannot convince my boyfriend to try and give this place a second chance, even with a free meal dangled in front of his face.
I am writing this and giving them two extra stars solely because of the new managers positive and accommodating attitude. Thank you for trying to make it up to us, but I don't think I can get my boyfriend to make the trek (some 17 miles) back up there to make right what should have been right the first time around.
The Mongolian BBQ craze is a reminent of the 80's that will not wither away.  Every so often I get nostalgic and pursue my hunger cravings.  When this happens, the Genghis Grill is a great solution.  The location is ideal: close enough to the mall for easy access; far away enough to park your car.

The restaurant itself is clean and the food is fresh.  The staff is courteous and helpful with suggestions.  The actual meal is delicious, but sometimes I get impatient waiting for the fool in front of me to figure out whether he/she needs two or three carrots and spends two minutes figuring it out when all I want to do is eat!

The meat selection is great: seafood, steak, chicken, etc.  Plenty of veggies and sauces.  The trick is to fit as much uncooked food into the bowl.  That is the part I hate.  I usually end of spilling something, or at the very least try to balance the food so it makes it to the cook in one piece.

I will gladly recommend this place for lunch or dinner.
I've reviewed the location at Arrowhead after a no so pleasant experience there. Was in the Paradise Valley area the thought I'd give this location a shot because I was really craving some stir fry. The food, just still ok. Not worth $9.99 per bowl. I do like the selection of protein and veggies. The service was just ok too. I checked in on Yelp to redeem 10% off, showed my server who still forgot to take it off my bill. He did fix it immediately. Also, when we first sat I reviewed the table menu briefly for a drink. While I did that he proceeded to tell me of about 3 or 4 items in the menu (appetizers, dessert, etc) that were no longer available.  Probably a good idea for management to get updated menus (JMO).  My issue is still the price though. I have to be really hungry and not willing to drive elsewhere to spend that kind of moola for just a single bowl of just okay mongolian.
The best thing about this place is the different sauces. I wasn't impressed with how the meat is served (turned into something like hamburger on the grill). I also expected an all you can eat experience, trying different combos along the way, but at an extra $5 that makes dinner 14.99 before drinks, not what I expected from a place like this.
We have been to this restaurant several times.  I especially like to go on Mondays when they give you double credits for purchased bowls.  The food bar is Always well stocked and the meat and veggies look fresh!!  They also have quite a large selection to chose from.  I also like the sauces!  The servers at this location are friendly and attentive!  We have had great service each time we have been here.  The wok stirrers are friendly too.  My stir-fried bowl is always delivered fresh & hot.
We have tried another location of this chain but I would not recommend that one at all.  In fact, the differences between that one and this location is glaring!  If you want good service, good, hot, fresh meat & veggies you won't be disappointed here!  The mgr. is pleasant and helpful and we even attended Trivia here one Sunday evening and had a blast!  Hope they bring that back in the Fall.
I wish they had a "0" star option.  

#1.  The hostess was visibly sick.  

#2.  As we were getting our food, our son dropped some raw chicken onto the counter top.  As we already passed through, my husband stopped me and said, "The girl behind the counter...with gloved hands, scooped up the raw chicken--threw it out--- and then proceeded to refill the vegetables and touched all the handles with the same gloves."  

This is clearly a health issue and I will be reporting this establishment to the department of public health.  You don't even need a food service training/card to know that you don't touch raw meat and then touch other stuff without changing gloves and/or washing your hands.  You just have to be outright dumb.    

Food poisoning at it's finest!!!   These place needs some better management and training for their employees.  We will not dine here ever again.
I wish they had a "0" star option too!

The service and food was awful. Just a bunch of kids running the place.  The place closes at 10pm but when we went in there at 8pm all the workers were too busy cleaning to go home early to help us.  The food was burnt  on one side and raw on the other. The manager was too busy flirting with the other help. We couldn't get drinks because all the glasses where dirty, we were told by our waitress. We asked for the manager before we left at 8:45 and was told he already went home for the evening. What kind of manager leaves a bunch of teenager to run the place? 

NEVER GOING BACK!!!!
Now, I've been a YC's fan for years, but, dangit, this is so much better.  The meat is raw and fresh, just like you get at the grocery store.  Every time i've been, the staff has been very helpful and organized.  The veggie selection is out of this world (they have baby corns!) And the sauces are quite creative. This is the spot: healthy, yummy, and they have one of those punch cards.  Love.
Pretty darn good, all the ingredients were fresh and tasty! I would say it is a little overpriced. I think it was like $9 for a bowl and $13 for unlimited. I stuffed my bowl to the max and it was more than enough. And I'm a big eater. Disregard the comments about cleanliness, it is very clean. The pussies that are complaining about that probably shouldn't be eating at a Mongolian BBQ joint. Food gets dropped, deal with it. I saw them wipe down the counter like 4 or 5 times while I was there.
I have been going to Mongolian BBQ's for a long time.  While this is not the best it is better then the valleys other chain of Mongolian BBQ, YC's.  The selection of meats is great.  I also love that they have tortillas available.  The service and been just OK and this location seems a tight for space.  But we will be returning and enjoying it.
I have been to quite a number of Mongolian Barbecue restaurants (ie. Wok Wok, BD's, and YC's just to name a few).  I have found Genghis Grill to be the most user-friendly of all of them.  They have recipe cards along with plenty of options for vegetables, meats, sauces, spices, and starches.  The prices are reasonable with great happy hour specials and occasional discounts (including a sometimes Yelp check-in discount of 10% off).  While I see that some of the reviews on Yelp mention poor customer service, I have been to the Tatum & Cactus location nearly a dozen times, always with exceptional customer service.  In fact, in almost each of these occasions, a manager has stopped by a table, too.  

The food itself is very good if you follow the instructions to build your own bowl.  You want enough sauce, spices (including salt and pepper), vegetables, meats (unless you are of course a vegetarian or vegan), and starches.  You can trust that it will be well cooked.  Plus, in addition to making your own food, you can also order from a list of appetizers, desserts, and drinks on the menu.  In fact, often, there are surveys on a receipt that are good for a free appetizer on your next visit.  In addition, you want to sign up for the Khan's Rewards, which give you a free bowl every tenth visit (plus double points on Mondays).
Took a buddy to lunch here last month.  Surprised to get there around 11:30 and be the only ones there...  The food was great, as was the service.  Looking forward to my next meal here the next time I pass through Phoenix.
We went there to get a birthday bowl (free, no catch) and everything was very good. Our server (Chris, or Christian I think) took really good care of us.
We tried the edamame with garlic and it was awesome...

We love Genghis, it is by far the best, and we are glad we don't have to drive all the way to Tempe anymore : )
Not the best meal of this style that I've had, but it was ok.  

I chose to have fried rice in my bowl, and that may have been where I went wrong. The ingredients I put in the bowl myself were just fine. But the fried rice I got with it...not very good. Mushy, not much taste, overall not appetizing. It reminded me of food that had been left out far too long. My husband chose noodles and said they were good, so that's a plus (though his bowl ended up with one of my baby carrots in it).  Thoroughly mixing my other ingredients into the rice didn't help to cover the old mushy taste. 

The only other issue was the layout of the ingredients. I had to bend, reach and pretty much look like a fool in order to reach anything in the back row. I was wondering if I was doing something wrong...but the person behind the counters offered no help, so I went on with my contortionist ways. That said, it was all clean, so that was nice. 

Staff was friendly, if very casual, and I had no problem with the service. I'd go back but I'm never going near the rice again.  I think they should ask whether you want to get another bowl or anything else before bringing you the check though. I didn't want anything else (really, the rice grossed me out), but if I had, I wouldn't have asked for it since I already had the check.
I like Mongolian Barbeque and was expecting something like YCs.  Aren't they all the same?  Apparently not.  GG has fresher meats that aren't frozen - plus. Veggies looked like most came from a can or on the dryer side - negative.  Sauces looked about the same - eh.  Then I got to the cooking area and they have rice but no lo mien noodles.  HUH?  They have udon, rice, semolina, and 2 kinds of rice but no lo mien.  Okay seriously how do you say I am so not interested in pursing this further with my bowl full of meat and some measly veggies and sauce.  Did I mention the bows are way smaller than YCs and almost the same price.  I tell myself it's a new place try it.  Well I got rice noodles with my concoction and the end result was okay.  Not because it wasn't flavorful but b/c the meat was cooked too long and the whole dish was super dry even the noodles. Thank goodness I checked in with YELP and got 10% off.
Love this place.  Pick up a stainless steel bowl, fill it with your meat, then veggies, then seasonings and sauce.  Bring it to the grill.  Awesome with brown rice as the starch.  They do have gluten free sauces and options.  Healthy as you want to make your dish.
They use canola oil (not the best, but much better than soybean oil!).
Great place and you make it the way you want it.
Nothing special here. A bit overpriced for what you get. Uninspiring waitress service. Food quality was ok, but for the price, I'd go to Eastwind. 

Getting the right sauces was also a challenge. Ended up ok, but I think you could easily end up either bland, or too spicy.
Love me some Genghis Grill.  Always exactly what I want, because I get to pick exactly what I want.  It is flavorful, cooked to perfection and the staff is always great.

They always have a pair of chop stick helpers for my little one so she can feel like a chop stick pro.  

I highly recommend taking your kids here.  My girl tends to eat more veggies or try new things when she can see it before it is cooked, and see other people trying it too.
I love the food, love the staff, love the overall atmosphere. 

All I ask is for more of a hustle in getting seated. Kind of slow with cleaning off tables. 

I definitely recommend this place. So good!!!
Not too sure about this place for business lunch. Definitely not the quick stop I was looking for but the food was good. I expect a place built for lunch with the grill set up like YC's to be quick, so people can get in & out during the work week. I waited for a while for my waiter to show up to get my drink order, and there was a long line waiting for food. I made it through and sat back down to wait for it to be cooked, but the whole process took much longer than I was prepared for.

When I finally got my food it was tasty. So, the food is good, and the service isn't horrible, but the processes just aren't built to get you in & out quickly.
Great concept (I love Mongolian grills in general) but it was kind of expensive for the quality.  The rice was overcooked, the fish I chose tasted odd and they don't clean off the grill between cooking so my roommate's food tasted fishy even though she had beef.  Not a huge concern except that she's allergic!  The wait staff was really friendly but I don't think I'll be going back.
Really like this place - a variety of meats, seasonings, veggies, sauces, and starches to choose from.  The 3G sauce is my favorite.  Always delicious and satisfying.  The first time I went they really encouraged me to pack my bowl down with stuff to get as much as possible.
I have been doing low carb lately and Genghis is like a low carb paradise : )
You can get your ingredients and have an awesome bowl, as long as you pick wisely and skip the sauce. Well, that is what I do. I add lots of the garlic water, which they said is only garlic... and... the latest surprise, is they added a 'starch alternative', which is sliced cabbage. So when you get to the grill, you can choose cabbage instead of noodles of rice. I thought that was amazing.

Our server was very friendly and I think their goal is for a manager to stop by your table every time. This time we needed sweetener for the iced tea and the manager brought it to us.

We are big fans of Genghis and I do not think they make big fuzz about coupons and stuff. They give you a free birthday bowl every year and their loyalty program rocks!
Gloppy sugary sweet flavorless anglofied sauces.  Tiny bowl for your food choices.  Intrusive server. Fresh ingredients.  The perfect Mongolian BBQ for Republicans.
When I was much younger, one of my absolute favorite things to do was to go to the long-since closed Mongolian BBQ at PV Mall.  It was kind of like a sport to figure out how to jam as much food as humanly possible into that tiny bowl.  Well, it has been at least a decade since I've tried Mongolian BBQ, but it is still as fun as I remember.  I mean, who doesn't like to watch their food sizzle on the grill?

I like how Genghis Grill really streamlines the process.  Recipe cards for the newbies (I ignored them and created my own, but I later wished that I had tried one of their creations instead!).  My bowl consisted of sliced beef and pulled pork, cabbage, carrots, bean sprouts, peppers, green onion, and cilantro.  I didn't fill it nearly to the top, thinking that I would order a bottomless bowl and return for a different flavor combination.  However, I ended up being pretty pleased with my original creation and plenty full, so I didn't go back for seconds.  All of the ingredients seemed fresh, and there was a solid assortment of options.  I particularly liked the quantity of sauces provided.  My advice with the sauce - don't use a whole cup unless you really like saucy dishes.  A half-cup was plenty for good flavor and no dips.  I liked the friend rice that I chose as a starch, and the rice noodles that my man ordered were really tasty too. 

The service was fantastic.  Even though it is a fairly casual restaurant, we had prompt, courteous service, were check on by a manager, and our server had a great sense of humor.
This is just an updated review.  My previous review still stands and the stars remain unchanged.  

I have been back twice since my first review, and I will say that as long as you stay away from the rice, it's good.  I had the noodles the last two times and have been fairly pleased.  I'm still unimpressed with the contortion that needs to be done to reach ingredients in the back row, and the staff remains fairly uninterested and/or too casual.  

I ordered a watermelon lemonade on my last trip and it was foul.  Didn't have any taste of watermelon, and through that nasty flavor I could hardly taste the lemonade.  It tasted medicinal.  I couldn't get through a fourth of it.

I'll likely be back, but staying with the safe choices of noodles and soda.
I tried this place with my family thinking it would be like YCs. Boy was I wrong!

I have three major complaints:
1. The meat is not from frozen like at YCs and sits out. This is so disgusting and could seriously make someone ill. What is even worse the whole place smells like fish and makes you nauseated just walking in. 
2. The sauces are super thick and sugary. They overpower anything you put in your bowl and ruin your meal. The worst part is that there is no way around this because they are all the same consistency. 
3. The fried rice is disgusting. Not only is it too salty, but it has no other flavor.

Needless to say, I will never return here.
Great place to go, especially with a group since everyone can get something that is ok for their diets.  I have friends with food algeries and this place is fantastic for that!!!
been here many times, this is great food at a good price. the people are fun and they have good service. fast cook times as well
I've been to this place about 3 different times in the past 2 months and I don't know why the low ratings.  Even though I use the cards to help guide my decision making process, I make it my own and it turns out good or great.  You really can't blame them for a bad taste because you chose the ingredients.  

The last time I went they upgraded their system to where you could order from your table and have it brought out to you...however, I like the challenge of stuffing your bowl as high as possible...and then eventually toppling over and apologizing for the mess. 

Service has been really good, once you get over the chipotle meets a sit down restaurant hybrid feel.  

Its almost $9 a bowl, but you get your moneys worth.  

I recommend them.
For a "semi-fast-food" reataurant, Genghis Grill is pretty darn good. For those who have never been, its a mongolian bowl buffet style place, similar to YC. Yoi stack up a bowl full of meats and veggies and rice/noodles and they grill it for you on a giant grill. Plus they have recently added menu dishes such as Asian tacos, chicken skewers and salads, which I think was a great move. Plus they havr super cheap Happy Hour beer and sake bombs!
Don't bother coming to this location. First, they have completely changed the menu.  They don't carry shrimp or scallops any longer.  But the manager feels pork is a good substitute.  Also, they are out of sausage at 7pm on Friday with a 1/2 empty restaurant. According to the manager, "they were just busy" though.  And to top it off, the manager is an argumentative ass when asked about it! IJS
I've been to this location twice now and both times have been a disappointment. Last night I go only to find the protein choices for the bowls are already cooked and there are no shrimp or scallops!! I asked my waitress about it and she said she wasn't sure if I knew but that there was a huge world wide shrimp shortage. Imagine the side eye she receive after that. I couldn't even bring my self to create a bowl because there was no way I was going to create it with pre-cooked chicken and pulled pork!!! Btw there were about 4 pork options that in my opinion totally don't go with Asian cuisine! The service was good but I couldn't get over the, what seemed to me to be, money saving tactics at the expense of the integrity of the concept and food of the restaurant. If you liked GG before don't go now...you'll end up pissed as your waitress tells you some BS story about why the menu has changed.
awesome service, hands down. i really did love genghis until the whole menu change and switcharoo crap that they just integrated, My wife was really disappointed they took away some of her fav veggies. all the sauces are still the same, you can now choose from 3 different bowl sizes instead of getting just 1. everything tasted really good! there's really not much to complain about except the change. But I do like it here, and frequent often.
This was a wonderful place for family dinner night. I love how everyone was able to put whatever they wanted on it. Great waiters. The tables were a little dirty from the previous couple sitting down.  Other than that, was a great experience .
I moved here from SF in June and found an ad for this place in the mail once.  It talked about these fresh drinks and delicious Mongolian food.  I've had Mongolian BBQ before and have always been a fan.  I thought I'd give this place a try.

I love this place because you can pile in as much food as you possibly can into this bowl.  I got the shredded beef and piled it inside the entire bowl.  Usually people like to put all of the meat in the bowl.  I smushed it into the bowl and created a meat bowl within a bowl to put in chicken pieces.  Then there are the spices.  Put everything in that, then came the vegetables.  Use every vegetable you can find.  And then come the sauces.  Make sure you get more than one cup if you want to optimize your experience.  Use every sauce you can think of.  They cook it for your and you're ready to feast like the great Genghis Khan used to after murdering thousands of people.  YAAAAAA!!!!!!!!
I've eaten here several times now, and it's been very good every time.  The selections are good as are the sauces.  They cooked it very well, everyone was very friendly and attentive, and we were in & out in under 45 minutes. The prices are higher than they were, but I think for what you get, it's reasonably priced - and draft beers were $2/$3 - can't beat that.  This is the only one that I've been to, but we will definitely go back.
We were greeted as we entered, and sat immediately.  The waitress was nice enough to explain to my fiancee how this restaurant works - 1.) order off of the menu, 2.) pick what you want in your bowl of a listed menu and have them make it for you, or 3.) head on up to the buffet bar and pick all your own items to go into your bowl.

We decided to head up to the bar so we could be hands on with our experience. The food looked fresh and it was hard to decide between all the options! Once all your decisions are made (protein, veggie, sauce, etc.) you can take your bowl over to the very large, round grill for the staff to cook it up and brought to your table.

Overall: A
If we are over in that area, I'm sure we will be back.
First off, I read all the negative reviews about the food not tasting good, too little sauce, the food sits outs. 
YOU PEOPLE ARE INSANE!!!!1
1. if you don't like your bowl, pick different things to put in your bowl, if its not enough sauce ask for more sauce, and you don't like that the meat sits out??? even though its over ice (which is tested to make sure its at proper temperature) then ask for the meat in the walk in. 

all the complaints are retarded cause YOU MAKE YOUR OWN BOWL WITH THE FREEDOM TO DO WHATEVER YOU WANT!!! 'merica

On a serious note, I personally love love love ghengis grill.
I have yet to have a bad server, I love the food and have never had an issue. the manager always comes over to make sure the food tastes good. (hello people if it doesn't, tell them. they will get you something new).
It is a little pricey but when your stacking the bowl so high you bring home enough leftovers for a whole new meal then I cant complain. 
Ghengis is one of my favorite spots for sure.
I love mongolian bbq. It's a simple process which is what I really enjoy most about it. But I don't get this place. Their process is super complicated. There are different sizes with different prices, and if you get more than one serving then you pay extra. We were all confused. Even our friends that have gone there before, were confused.You fill out a card, then hand it over once you've gathered all of your ingredients. You hand over your card and sit down. Then they bring your food to you. I feel this removes the whole mongolian bbq experience of watching them cook your food right in front of you. That's one of the reasons that attracts people to mongolian bbq, and they completely got rid of it. And they had super small containers for all the ingredients, which they had to keep refilling. Their whole process just seemed extremely inefficient. And they had have way too many people to work due to this inefficient process. It just doesn't make any sense to me. Granted the food was good and they had different flavored sauces and seasonings, but I don't think I'll be returning.
I love this Genghis Grill although I am bummed that they have not had shrimp and they didnt have the wasabi sauce  my last two visits. Will be back again hopefull they will have the wasabi sauce and shirimp.
Basically you serve yourself by putting different meats, veggies, spices, and other ingredients in a bowl and then they cook it for you on a giant grill. I took my vegan brother and his wife there since they could just mix vegetables. Decently priced and you can never make the same thing twice. The food kind of tastes like Mongolian bbq.
Used to go there and get a bowl and load it up. Now they're monetizing it with three bowl sizes, previous cost is now the small bowl. Waiters are a bit agressive to get their tips.

Great food, every time, i like the shreaded beef with brown rice, oh yeah! A bit pricy though, like $15 out the door with tips.
I had food here, and I picked out all the ingrediants... lets just say, i shouldn't be a chef.  Our server was ... bad... i think... I am not sure... all they did was offer water... so I wasn't really sure what they expect for a tip, since they didn't do much.... I tipped either way, but still .. thought it was odd.
= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET  = = = = =

Resisting excellent alternatives right here including Chompie's, Chili's & In-N-Out, I stopped in to this Genghis for the first time, for some tasty BUFFET!     :-)

I wasn't crazy about the rather dark inside with glary light pouring in from the windows across the south, but deep within the dining room I was able to land comfortable seating with the glare at my back.

One thing great about this Mongolian BBQ today was the BIG selection of 13 meats plus 27 veggies & fruits!  Multiply that by a number of sauce choices (which you could mix together if you like) & you could go a LONG TIME without eating the same thing twice here!

For this visit I loaded up my little bowl pressed down hard & piled high with raw white chicken, precooked Cajun Chicken, sliced sausage, sliced beef, shredded beef, marinated sirloin beef cubes, cubed pork, a little Yellow Curry, Cajun & Cayenne seasonings, brocolli, dried red chilis, carrot slices, Green Onion, Baby Corn, mushrooms & lots of Chinese Snow Peas!

For sauces this time I went with a half little cup of "Garlic Water", and 1 1/2 little cups of Red Curry Peanut Sauce.  Then I had the chef add in a fresh egg, a serving of spiral pasta, fry it all up, & Wah lah!!  (Photo.)     :-))

I'm still a fan of YC's over these guys but I must say that my bowl came out cooked just right, tasting delicious, and the service was friendly.  One could do worse!     :-)

Daily Small Bowl Lunch Buffet:  $7.99
Things have changed at this location, I usually enjoy shrimp , crab and calamari and they had none of that. I will not visit this location again when visiting Scottsdale like we usually do.
I go there often.  They have changed a few things since it first opened.  I see that some other reviews talk of the lack of shrimp.  They used to have it.....but, not any more. SAD!  Oh well. Get the card and you get a free bowl after I think 10.  I always get it go and its always hot when I get home to eat it.  Maybe get rid of the 3 kinds of fish for some shrimp!  That would be a good move!
Great food and great value. If create your bowl right, you can end up with 3 meals. I go without rice and end up filling their serving bowl. Love how you control spice.
Good food, good looking female servers, our male server was a goofball and very confusing.
Yuck. YC's is SO much better! I mean, who knows how "fresh" that raw meat really is. This was my first visit and I won't be back. It took 30 minutes for 1 reg bowl take-out and the place was Empty. Not impressed. Save your $15 bucks.
Good place and good service, the people there are really nice and the food is really good. I will go back soon!
This place is sub par. First of all, the staff is only just nice enough to warrant the feeling of welcome. I felt that waiting on us was tolerable and it really reflected in our attitudes back. It wasn't that pleasant an experience. 

About our food: We got edemame that was over cooked and burned 4 times and each time the girl just apologized and they tried again. We finally told them to stop trying when they offered to remake them a 5th time. Our bowls were all over cooked and soggy like they overcooked it and tried to fix it by adding water, totally ruined the flavors I picked. Half the ingredients were missing from the final product.I would not recommend this place for anything more than 2-3 simple ingredients at lunch time maybe. I won't be back. YC's is 100x better.
This location just opened. One of the best Mongolian places I've ever eaten in. Hoping they put one closer to me.
Totally not a bad place but my experience was a bit tainted by one of the staff. He had his jeans LOW and his underwear hanging out (trendy I know) but he always seemed to be on the verge of losing his britches. He handled his underwear as much as he handled menus and food. Thats an issue.

I would have told the manager but there didn't seem to be one.

This place will get better as it matures and a lot of the initial new hire crew is separated out and we find out who is wheat and who is chaff.
I'm a big fan of the meat and vegetable free for all that is the Mongolian concept but the quality doesn't match the price.  Sorry guys but $14 for that kind of lunch doesn't cut it.
My sister and I went here when we were staying in Scottsdale a couple days ago and I was excited to hit up an actual stir fry place.  I am pretty solid on my 3 rating and I will tell you why... The service at the beginning was pretty good, we were seated right away and we were asked for our drink order right away as well.  The waiter explained to us what the process was and sent us on our way.  We waited in line to find a whole slew of protein ranging from chicken to beef to calamari to ham!  The veggie selection was not too bad either.  There was a great amount of sauces and seasonings but none of them really had descriptions so I wasn't sure what was what.  I stuck with the steamed rice to go along with my stir fry.  The rice wasn't bad but wasn't the best rice I had.  The stir fry was just alright, nothing amazing.

Our waiter really wasn't attentive after our drink order.  I had only one glass of diet coke but at least my sister was able to order a beer, which it looked like they had a pretty good selection of.
I had lunch here the other day, and I have to say it was pretty good. My only other experience with Mongollean style stir fry has been YC's. And I used to find that with YC's no matter what "sauces" you used in preparing your meal, it always tasted the same. 

At Genghis, I fixed up my meal following the direction for Thai Chicken, and it came out tasting like Thai Chicken... with a nice little kick. 

The lunch portions are good. And the server actually walks you through the whole process if it's your first trip.

HUGE selection of different ingredients and topping and sauces. You can follow on of the many "recipes" or create your own. 

I will be back to give this place another go!
I have eaten at the one in Scottsdale a couple times. Great concept but the preparation of the food kills it. They should cook the food in woks. They use these wooden utensils to cook the food on this flat grill. The meat gets sooooo minced up by the time they are done that it looks like dog food. The beef or chicken gets so minced up that it is all tiny pieces in your meal. 

Then the food gets burned on the grill SUPER fast, so after they move it around a few times to cook it, they end up scraping away about 10% of your food cause it is burnt and charred on the grill. Visit and you will see what I mean if you WATCH them cook. Also, seafood like shrimp or scallops cooks faster than meat so if you choose the seafood in your bowl, it all gets cooked at the same time. This results in WAY over cooked shrimps and scallops. And it ends up tasting like crap. 

Id honestly say if you want the variety this place gives, go to a GOOD chinese buffet instead for less money and save your money and you still get great variety.
At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I can put as much rice or noodles as I'd like in my bowl.
At Genghis Grill, my meal only comes up 1/2 a cup of rice.

At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I mix my own sauces into my meat and noodles and put as much as I'd like in my bowl.
At Genghis Grill, I get yelled at for not following instructions and not putting my sauce into a cup.

At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I pay at the front, get my bowl, and go through the line, and seat myself.
At Genghis Grill, I get seated at a table, curiously wonder if my purse will be stolen while I'm going through the line, and later given a check prompting me to tip someone who only served me a drink.

At YC's Mongolian BBQ, the vegetables all look crisp at the station, and the rice is warm and steamy.
At Genghis Grill, the vegetables are watery, as if they came from 99c cans at the supermarket, and the rice is hard/stale when it comes served in my bowl.

At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I get complimentary soup/rice/drink/yogurt with my dinner purchase.
At Genghis Grill, I get a big headache and wonder why I didn't just drive down to YC's.
Seriously...I can't make this stuff up..a blonde chick (an employee at the restaurant) with her feet up on the bar with her gnarly converse shoes was our first visual walking into Genghis Grill...then my daughter heard her say as we were standing at stand waiting for somebody to greet us..."My shift is over they are just going to have to wait"..I am glad my daughter told me the comment she made after we had left...anyway the food station was a mess...our actual  "server" was nice enough but we will not be going back...the location near paradise valley mall is much nicer and cleaner!!!
My wife enjoyed her meal, but I'm pretty picky when I experience the same style of food that I've had before, YC's in particular. After being seated, we grabbed our bowls and headed towards the food line. There were three rows of food and condiments. The third row was a little difficult to get to. None of the employees were paying attention to the food. You could see where people had gotten something and it spilled onto the edge of another container of food. The setup was totally inefficient. The selections were so-so. I was surprised that we could only order our noodles or rice at the end. For noodles, they used soba noodles which are a lot thicker than YC's and THEY control the portion. WHERE's THE NOODLES!! And that is one reason out of several, why I won't be back.
I ordered our food online.  I came there to pick it up.  Nobody even asked me anything I had to go and ask for help.  I finally got my food.  Came back to the office.  I started to eat my food and bit in to some weir plastic. I started to look through my food and I found about 6 more pieces of Plastic.  I called to speak to a manager on duty, I told him what happened and he said I am sorry I do not know how plastic into your food.  He assured me that he will credit my card, and will send me a gift card so I can come back to the restaurant because he said he doesnt want to loose a customer.  It has been a month and my card has not been credited and I never received a gift card.  So if you want to go to a restaurant and choke on a plastic as I did, do go to Genghis Grill in North Scottsdale.  The people that work there they can care less about what happens to you!!!!
I keep trying to like this place and each time this place just disappoints. On this particular occasion we went and the place was empty, which is a hard feat in itself. 

The food bar was messy, and most of the items were only half available. The bowls seem to keep getting smaller. 

They also don't much service oriented people around, everyone was pretty snippy and rude, though the employees were congregated at the front of the restaurant playing on their cell phones and speaking inappropriately with us within ear shot.  We went the whole meal without refills and to check up on us.  I know this is a "fast food diy" concept restaurant but for the prices and the fact that there are employees doing nothing a little attention would have done well by this place. 

Meh, is the best this place gets.
As these types of places go it was well below average.  A.better choice would be YC's at Indian Bend near the 101.

This place was not big on being clean and tidy.  Ingredients were not fresh looking on bar.  Presented a bowl that host had his fingers in.  Asked for another and was accommodated but he looked stunned.  All in all a mediocre experience.
I hate these kinds of places where you have to pick out your own food and flavors, but against my better judgement I went anyway. I should have listened to my gut and found something better around the corner. Of course my food was TERRIBLE and instead of being able to be upset with the chef, I had only myself to blame. 

I could have made my own terrible pedestrian stir fry at home!
Food is decent.  Portions good albeit pricing is too high for end result.  Service is horrible.  Been here 5-6 times, wrong food comes out, water not refilled, or takes too long for the check.
I really didn't think this place was as bad as the reviewers have made it out to be.  That said, I've never been to the YC's that's been mentioned, maybe I'd change my tune if I had.  

I've been to lots of Mongolian grills and this seemed right in line with the rest.  I did find it a little strange to have a server, especially since we were about 10 feet from the grill, but it's not a major complaint.  He kept our drinks filled and grabbed some chopsticks for our 4 year old when he overheard that he wanted some.  

The food was tasty and seemed fresh.  I happened to like that the sauces were pre-mixed, it took some guesswork out of it.  A lot of places have "recipes" on the wall so you can make certain types of sauces, but if you don't get it right it can ruin the entire bowl.  I liked knowing what I was going to get.  

FYI - you choose your carbs (rice, noodles, etc) at the grill instead of in the buffet line.  I was a bit confused when they didn't have any to add to my bowl.  I found this nice as well because I didn't have to pile my bowl as high.
This is the second time coming to Genghis Grill and to tell you the true I was a little skeptical in going in again because the service the first time at the Tempe Market where waitresses and waiters were very indiferent to even check periodically or ask if we needed. Anything else also it took a while to get. A re fill on a glass of my iced tea which I set in purppose at the edge of the table empty while staff kept going by acting like it they were very busy also we waited a long time to get our check, the food was good overall
My experience at the Frank Lloyd Wright location was very much rewarding and pleasant the staff was very joyfull and attentive to detail,from the moment we enter the door we were welcome and seated promply by the host and told that Tony will be our waiter which he did an amazing job starting by introducing himself and accomodating us with anything we needed our glasses of iced tea were NEVER empty and check on us in a timely matter I end up taking food home and a container for my iced tea provided by Tony over all service was EXCELLENT Tony you are awesome we will be back again for sure.
We ate lunch here yesterday.  This location was filthy!  Food spilled all over the counter and on the floor.  It was hard not to step in it!  I had to ask if they had more chicken & pork (both of which were nearly empty and hadn't been refilled).  When we were seated the table in our booth was not wiped off and was sticky!  Gross!  We had to ask for water 3 times! Even though we saw at least 3 employees just standing around doing nothing!  C'mon people it's 112 degrees outside!! We're thirsty!!  The service was terrible and the whole dining experience at this location left a bad taste in our mouths!  We will not be back!!!!
We have been to another location near P.V. Mall.  That location is always clean and service is very good.  If you like Genghis Grill Stir Fry...head over to that location!!!
Friendly staff , fresh protein , great sauces  .. Awesome place for a heavy weekend lunch 
By the way if you check in you can get your second bowl for 1/ 2 off.
As far as stir-fry goes, this is extremely mediocre. The food station was a mess and the ingredients weren't fresh, and the blonde hostess was UNBELIEVABLY rude.

If you want real stir-fry with "I'll have leftovers for days" portion sizes and good service, try YC's :)
This place is amazing. You get a small bowl & you get to fill it with as many yummy ingredients as you want. The bowl is small but you can pile it up as high as you want. You pick your sauce and if you want noodles or rice then they grill it up for you. I am not exaggerating when I say this food is amazing, delicious, fantastic.....you get the idea right? If you haven't tried this place go try it! You will not regret it.
This location is CLOSED, as of 2/18/13
We want to like Genghis Grille more than we do and have stopped here every so often hoping it will get better. It hasn't been very busy since their crazy opening over a year ago.

The food is good. You get to select which veggies you want, cooked with the protein of your choice. FYI, when you start building your dish, you need to decide what goes well with what. Too much sauce and everything becomes sloppy. Too little and everything comes out dry. 

Soft drinks and items from the bar are higher than you would expect. Clearly a profit margin for them. Our bill runs about $15 or so a person and seems rich given the ever shrinking bowls.

It's sad when a franchisee (I'm guessing) buys a business and then just ignores their investment and becomes absentee. Several Yelp'ers have written extensively about the poor service and the wait staff talking on their cell phones and ignoring the customers.  We echo these experiences and will take a pass going forward.

Sorry!
Genghis Khan could never make it past the great wall of china, unfortunately Arizona's border is not as secure.

We walked in and at 8 pm on a Saturday and I though they might be closing as it was empty inside and there were just two tables in use on the patio.

There is a menu, however you basically then go and fill a bowl with protein and veggies. The bowl itself is much smaller yet the same price $9.99. The veggie options are a bit lacking as some things exists only in a mix, some items were frozen, and others were not well stocked. The sauces are a real shortcoming with a few thick gloppy sauces that you put in to a metal ramekin. As for your "starch" they add the noodles or rice, there is no rice after cooking.
The bowl is brought to you meaning you do need to tip.

My bowl was not enjoyable, it was not well cooked with some veggie items still being raw, the sauces were bland despite copious amounts of them, and again the peanut condiment tray was empty. 

I will be sticking to YC's or MuShu and I recommend you do the same.
My first time being to this kind of restaurant and I have to say I wasn't displeased nor was I impressed. If you want to get your moneys worth you literally have to stack the food above and beyond the bowls rim. Kinda a lot of choices which makes it difficult to make a good combination if your new to this kind of thing. However all in all I have to say my experience was good. Service was great. Just remember to get your monies worth.
Arrived at this place for an afternoon lunch with some co-workers.  I had the firecracker bowl (calamari, shrimp, scallops) a lot of veggies, and 2-3 different types of hot sauces on pasta.  I think the noodles may have been a better idea - but they also had fried rice and steamed white rice.  Only 3 stars because:

1. The bowl was smaller than I've seen it most places.
2. The seafood was cooked to the point of "chewy".
3. The spice was not nearly as advertised.

Pros: Clean, friendly staff.

I'd probably return, but not until I've tried other places.
Save your money and go to Kyoto Bowl. Our waiter gaves us our metal bowls and then coddled my family like we're children. They have all the waiters follow us to get in line for the self-service buffet. They stand there like if you get out of line, you're bad. Weird...During this time, the waiter goes on and on about their food and what they have. Then when you get to the buffet, the choices are very limited and the food is so full of fluff you don't get to put much food in. Some of it is meant to be like sushi, uncooked, but since you put it in a bowl, it gets cooked with everything else. Oh yeah, and the place is loud. You'll have to sit elbow to elbow to hear your family. The novelty about this place is that you can watch the cooks cook your dismal amount on an open fire oven. That's the coolest thing about this place. They serve it in these trendy lopsided bowls. At this point, the food has really shrunk. The food is tasteless. Anyways, they give you the bill and even though somebody else paid for my bill, I was shocked by the price ~ $10 a bowl. If I had $10, I'd rather go to Taco Bell.
Fun to experience this at least once, they start a tall fire on the grill regularly and bang on a gong when they receive a tip. 

Their veggies are fresh & plenty of proteins to choose from ( a little uneasy seeing raw chicken out).  Being a novice I had no idea how much sauce to use, I recommend you use about 1/2 a ramekin.

I can't say the atmosphere or decor did anything for the experience and our waitress didn't really look the part or look excited to be there.
The food here is ok. Service is decent. Realistically, there are several options in this area (ie. Pei Wei or Rumbi) where you can get similar style food that tastes better and wont cost as much. $3+ for an iced tea...$9.99 for a basic, regular sized bowl. I figured it was worth a try...but likely won't be back.
Came in around 2pm the place was empty. Which by the way is awesome. Its so much better not to have to rush in the line. The place was clean and very presentable. Service was good I think it was the manager who was making rounds and checking in on someone. Nothing bad to say this time had a great lunch with my family no complaints.
Excellent value for the money. Fairly inexpensive, good quality food. $1 beers on Sunday is a plus.
Service was terrible. The server was nice, but not very efficient. If you want a better alternative to this same style of food try out YC's. Genghis Grill not only doesn't taste as good as YC's, but the portions are smaller and you are required to have a server you must tip. Overall YC's is the better bang for your buck and tastes quite a bit better.
Clean, fast and much more organized than the BD's I went to.  Wish they had as many sauces as BDs, but I'll take clean and organized instead!  Delicious food though!  And I loved the recipes they had - for those less creative :)
This location is a "corporate" store.  As such they accept all coupons and groupons.  We had a groupon, and the location at Tempe Marketplace wouldn't accept it.

The format is the same, however.  Mongolian BBQ.  A 'bar' where you select what you want in your bowl (meats, veggies, spices and sauces), take it to the cook, and he cooks it up for you.  There are several places that do this (such as YC's).   We found the ingredients here to be good, a nice variety, and the staff was very friendly.  The finished bowls were delivered to our tables cooked and piping hot.

Probably the one thing I have to ding them for is not providing enough starch (in my case, noodles).  Of course I do pack a lot into my bowl (see below for my tip), but still...they should add 50% more noodles than what they do.  Also, YC's usually has a person who will suggest combinations (if you don't already know what you want).  GG doesn't seem to do that.

Tip:  bring a sheet of wax paper with you so you can pack down your bowl.  You'll get more that way.  Also, the veggies should go in first because they will tend to want to fall off the top if you put them in last.  Mushrooms at the bottom (they don't grip on anything).  Meats on top.  Mound the bowl high, you get as much as you can fit onto the bowl for the one price.  So don't be timid.  And, yes, you can take home the leftovers.
Love the food! We design and put together our own bowls so I guess we wouldn't be able to blame the staff if the food was bad, just ourselves, but no complaints here. Customer service is great, reasonable prices, excellent deals on domestic beers and if you get their loyalty card, you get even better deals. It's usually pretty slow when we go, but maybe because its during the week. I hope they stick around because its one of our new favs!
Mediocre and overpriced Mongolian bbq. Came with a restaurant.com gift certificate, so the price wasn't too bad, but at a regular price of $10 a bowl, I could get more food for much better quality elsewhere. On the plus side, they have a pretty wide range of meats and flavors, and even offer recipe cards to help you compile your bowl. However, I didn't really like their selection of starches. They only had rice or udon noodles, but I really wanted something more like an egg noodle...

And though the service was friendly, the fact that they need waiters/waitresses simply to bring you drinks and your finished bowl seems rather unnecessary.
So, I love this Place. We had a little mix up tonight and I somehow got someone else's bowl. The manager was so wonderful about it. He let me make another bowl and didn't charge me for dinner. I will be back again and again..
The waiter talking too fast :), I missed what she said (I am kinda slow today ^-^). 
I ordered no.6, the tasted was great.  I also ordered ice tea and a cheesecake. Total amount was $20.

The services was fast and very friendly. 
The atmosphere was great for hangout with friends since they have a nice bar there.
I love this place! Been a loyal costumer for over a year. Food is always delicious, the service is normally fantastic and they really treat there registered customers well (i.e. free bowls and special deal)
Cant beat it, cheap mongolian food where you make your own dish.  Nuff Said!
I think this is a great place. I like the whole concept behind it. Pick out what you want and can cram into a bowl and they cook it up for you. So many different combinations.
Yes. Sometimes the food line can get a little messy if they are busy. This location seems to do a good job of keeping it clean and tidy.
It is pretty easy. They give you your bowl when they seat you then you go to the food line and pick out everything you want. They also have recipes if you just can't decide what would go good together. Start out with the meat. They have steak, pork, chicken, sausage, crab, etc. Then you move on to spices and whatever veggies you want. You finish up with sauces. All different kinds. They have little metal cups for the sauces and you can get as much as you want of everything. You take your bowl and sauces over to the cooks and let them know what kind of starch you would like. They have several different kinds, udon noddles, white rice, fried rice, egg noddles and a few others. They give you a number and you go back to your table and put the card in the holder. When your bowl is done they bring it right to your table. They do provide forks if you just can't handle chopsticks.
They also have a few apps like edamame and potstickers.  I love potstickers and theirs are pretty good. They also have $1 domestic beers. Tough to beat that.
This may not be the best place in the world but it is pretty good. It is kind of your own fault if it is not good since you put it together but there is the possibility the ingredients were not fresh or something. But every time that I have been here there has never been a problem. I will continue to go back once in a while.
I've been to a few different Genghis Grills and I have to say this location has been the best one so far thanks to their staff.  Everyone I came into contact with was friendly from the hostess to the guy stocking the veggies to the cook to my actual waiter.  They all said hello and made conversation as I went about everything which was nice.  My waiter almost verged on being TOO attentive which I know sounds crazy but in the 20-25 minutes I was there he came over to check on me 6 times and that's no exaggeration.  Not to mention he seemed to keep cleaning the same table and re-arranging the same chairs nearby my table multiple times.  He was nice though and it's better to have a server who's too attentive rather than one you can't seem to get to come to your table.

My only gripe with all the Genghis Grills has got to be the ingredient station.  Everything tastes wonderful when it's cooked but it just seems like no matter what time of day I go in, the ingredients look like they're last nights leftovers.  Just not very fresh looking.  I'm sure it's hard to keep them looking fresh as they're sitting out exposed but couldn't you just switch them out a little more frequently?
Welcome to the epitome of Americanized Asian food. Ham? Pepperoni? Maybe for the confused. And the sauces - the god awful sauces I could probably buy in an overpriced bottle in the "Asian" section of Safeway. They were loaded with too much sugar. I tried the "Mongolian BBQ sauce" which was really actually cleverly disguised Texan BBQ sauce - lots of cumin in it and pretty much devoid of Asian flavors like hoisin and sesame oils. I also tried the Dragon sauce and teriyaki. Both loaded with sugar. 

On top, the bowl they give you for your toppings seems pretty tiny. I couldn't pack the meat plus the vegetables I wanted. The actual bowl that is served is huge because they load it with noodles. The ratio should have more vegetables like cabbage and bean sprouts and lower on the noodles. 

Oh, you can also get your BBQ wrapped in a burrito too. OK.

At least service was good? Pretty much it's only saving factor. I'm pretty sure Panda Express has less sugar, and at least their food doesn't consist of pepperoni (Truth: I love Panda Express). The fact that this people think this is Asian food makes me die inside a little.
Love it every time!!
Staff was ok except one. Went there during lunch hour and as we are getting ready to prepare our bowl. one of the members of their staff yells at me with an attitude " you cant be back here" what she is talking about the area between the 2 self serve veggie/ meat station. One bar was closed but with all the respect it is hard to reach to an item that is way in the back so I went to the other side to make it easier to reach and this girl yells at me from across instead of coming closer to me and warning me it is not allowed to be on the other side. How rude! what is ur location's goal here? go big or go home! I wont be visiting again.
Always love this place! the management always hooks us up if something goes wrong, or if everything's not perfect! good service, great food you can pick out to your likings. YUM. good quick eat and go place.
They seem to be in the middle of a transition, changing the menu to add special entrees and such.
The manager was walking around tonight offering patrons random FULL entrees for free, just to try ! That type of atmosphere is what will guarantee my return - goodonya GG.
Went to Genghis Grill to redeem a free birthday bowl and this was my 1st time at this location, I have to say the set up inside is nice.  

Went to go get my bowl made, and when I got their a young man asked me what types of meats I wanted, and he was serving them into the bowl, and I thought oh, this is different guess he is putting my bowl together for me, and after he placed the meat into the bowl then he gave the bowl to me to finish up with it, which I did, just wonder why I wasn't able to put my own meat in, because I would have added much less than what I got haha. Even though I am a carnivore, I do love my veggies and I just feel Genghis just doesn't offer much in the veggie department. But they do have Udon noddles which I happen to love!

My lunch bowl was good, service was friendly, and glad to stopped by and added them to my lunch time list!
I love this place!!! Such great ingrients and a wonderful happy hour! I come here pretty regularly. I always go with steak and shrimp. $1 domestic beers all day everyday! Who can beat that? #YUM
A nice, inexpensive place that gives you endless options for combinations of vegetables, sauces and proteins. It's a little dark and dingy so it didn't get five stars
My husband and I love going to Ghengis Grill and creating our own masterpieces.  We stopped in last night for dinner and they've made some changes.  They now have three sizes of bowls to choose from.  The only size they had before is not Medium, and there a small and large now.  That's fine and we figured that probably pleases more people.  BUT, the big change is that the employees behind the counter at the food line now put the food (meat) in the bowl for you.  You can ask to do it yourself, but you are carefully watched while loading up your bowl.  It just feels uncomforatble and makes you feel like a pig if you are trying to load up your bowl, which is half the fun!  It all tasted good in the end, but it wasn't the same creative dining experience that we used to enjoy.
Disgusted with this place. Went here for my husband's birthday dinner. Bad choice. 

Agree with the other review about the sneeze guard, you cannot reach the third row. There is food spilled ALL over. 

The wait staff act as if your table was their first serving experience. My glass should never be empty for 15++ minutes. 

Food was a little less than decent. In my opinion, the food should have been free, because I left being very dissatisfied.
Wow, get your shit together.1 hour for an iced tea and a lunch bowl? Seriously!! Thanks for wasting my lunch hour!
Decided to try this establishment on a Friday night and was highly disappointed. The food was incredibly bland and over cooked. I tried the 'legendary' fried rice with veggies and tofu. The tofu was not prepared correctly (read mushy like mashed potatoes) and the only extra veggies were snap peas. My husband tried the Thai street noodles. It was basically yaki soba noodles with a spice and was clearly not Thai. His noodles were so over cooked they were almost crunchy. Our server topped the experience off with not knowing how to describe the food and alcohol menu. Should have known this place was a bust since there were 3 other patrons dinning. Save you self time and money, don't bother with this place.
I ordered off the menu. My mistke. the tofu bowl was very flavorless. I will not be ordering of the menu anymore. I will build my own bowl from now on. The lunch prices are a little up there at $9 for a bowl, but you will not leave hungry as the portions are hearty.
Appetizers never got made, brought wrong bowls to the table, they didn't explain how things worked... Very disappointing for a first visit, will not be back!
Not good!  If you love Genghis Grill, do not go to this one.  The quality compared to Tempe Marketplace is by far much lower.  They only have a third of the vegetable choices and they won't even let you make your own sauce. The rice was stale and the worst part is they pre cooked the chicken. Awful just awful.  Now, I go to Genghis enough that I make the same meticulous bowl every time. It's awesome by the way. But this place practically made my bowl the way they wanted it and it was awful. I'm pretty particular about my Genghis.  I will say the service was very good but the quality was not.
UPDATE: I went there today and found the sign down and the doors locked. In my opinion, the beginning of the end was when they made the menu changes and reduced the items in the buffet. It was never the same after that.

Original review:
I have been eating lunch here weekly for the past year. They recently did some remodeling and changed the menu and the bowl-building procedure. Before these changes, I would have given them a solid '5" rating. Now they earn a "3".

Here's my gripes with the new format:
1. They now have an attendant that offers to fill your bowl for you. He/she needs to get lost. I'm a big boy and can build my own meal.
2. They no longer have artificial krab meat and have seemingly reduced the choices of meats and vegetables. Bring them back.
3. The sneeze guard over the food is too low and too deep. I have fairly long arms and just about have to stick my head beneath the glass to reach the back row. Was this built for dwarfs or something?

Here's what I like about this location:
1. The staff is excellent and service is usually always good.
2. It's clean.
3. Buy 10 bowls and you get one free.

I have noticed that it's less busy now than it was before the changes were made. These changes seem like solutions in search of a problem. It wasn't broken before, why did you try to fix it?

On the other hand, I ate at one in Dallas a few weeks ago and it was set up the same way, but they still had the krab meat. The location at Tempe Marketplace is still the way the Chandler location was before they "fixed" it. I'd go there, but it's too far for lunch, and that location gets really packed. Hmmm...see a pattern here?

I will still eat here on a weekly basis, unless they try to "improve" it more to the point of it being a hassle to eat there. It is a little pricey, but you control your own portion size, so fill the bowl wisely. The food is very good, I just wish they hadn't made so many changes.
The food is very tasty and there are several options to satisfy everyone. Not many Mongolian bbq's have fresh meats and seafood to add to your bowl but this restaurant does. Even though you go through the line and customize your dish yourself, the servers were still very on top of refills and making sure everything was going well. A little on the pricey side, but well worth it. Would definitely go again!
Holy crap, out of all restaurant I picked this place. 

Food: the Mongolian rice was hard and the veges was not cooked at all. Orange chicken was so nasty, it should be called bell pepper chicken not orange. 

Serivce: let's say the girl was not very responsive.  But I do give 2 stars for the manager being so polite and letting us know how everything worked. 

Overall I probably would not be returning.
Food and cleanliness is much improved! Also new menu options make for a good change. Will be returning in the near future.
Great marinated steak and great service. They even gave us to go drinks.
The first time I went there is was a 5 star experience. Every time after that the stars just kept falling off. They stopped the scallops , shrimp, marinated beef, and replaced them with three kinds of tasteless fish, two super tough, chewy beef, and turkey, really?, what, no stuffing? Grrr, I will call before next time, no seafood, no go! Another bad experience and I will put my free bowl on ebay where everyone gets rid of their junk.
I am here at least once a week, yes a regular bowl costs you around $10 ... BUT, it's huge and will last me for at least another day or so.  So if you think about it, you only spent $5 a day for lunch.  Not bad.  Pack as much as you can in that bowl!
We were excited to find out that there was a Mongolian BBQ restaurant near us. Unfortunately, we were disappointed that many of the meats were pre-seasoned and pre-cooked. The initial bowls used for filling were small compared to the displayed bowl portions. In the end, the remaining volume was filled by a required starch. The produce choices were interesting and varied. However, when asking about the ingredients of the sauces, we were given very little information.
Been here many time. Bad food experiance today with minimal amount of sympathy from management and staff. Chicken was like pudding texture before cooking and not much better after. Manager explained they were experimenting with a new supplier or something. I should have been offered a discount, free drink or some incentive to come back. I wasn't - and I won't. I'll stick with the Henderson NV location.
Not what I'm used to for Mongolian food. The meat was pre-cooked (I'm used to the frozen stuff) which I felt didn't pick up the sauces flavor. One of the charms of mongolian is mixing your own sauces to create something unique for yourself. Think you can do that here? Absolutely not. Being used to pouring my own sauces I grabbed the ladle to get my sauce which was ripped out of my hand and explained they don't put sauces on the grill. 

At our table they had little tablets where you could purchase games and actually check out and pay for your meal. Even with the option of splitting the bill. Do you think that service worked? Absolutely not. We tried splitting the bill where only one person got to pay using the device, my bill wouldn't go through, my best friends bill only partly paid. We asked for assistance and no one knew how to fix it. It's a great idea that just wasn't executed. 

If you're looking for true, yummy, make your own Mongolian.... keep driving past this place.
= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET  = = = = =

Came to this Genghis Grill location for a first visit today, Sunday, to wolf down some Mongolian style Buffet.  The first plus was that they don't charge a premium price on weekends.  (Also, the prices here are $1 less than at Tempe Marketplace.)     :-)

For this third visit ever to a Genghis, I decided to go with a small bowl (think thimble!) & see if I could pile it up tall enough to make a lunch.  I was successful, & by the time it was as high as Ulan Bator it held the following goodies:

Sausage, ham, marinated beef steak, chunks of lean pork, Pepperoni, broccoli, small whole dried red chiles, red & green Bell Pepper slices, sliced carrots, spinach leaves, Chives, baby corn, Water Chestnut & mushroom slices, all topped off with enough Snow Peas to roof a Ger!     :-))

The sauce is served into a little steel cup by a staffer at this location, & I had her give me 1/2 cup of Garlic Water, 1 cup Dragon Sauce & 1 cup Khan Pao Sauce.

The chef added my starch choice of (Mongolian wheat) Udon Noodles into the mix & fried everything up on the big round grill.

Before long a larger bowl of everything cooked up (photo) was brought to my table by friendly server Angel.  The sauce mixture was great once I added just a little Soy Sauce and this was my favorite buffet bowl yet from a Genghis Grill.  It was also my favorite of their locations that I have visited so far.

I'm holding my rating down to a high 3 Stars because I prefer the dining setup at  YC's Mongolian Grill locations.  With that said, the food was delicious here and the table service excellent.     :-)

Small Buffet Bowl $7.99, Medium $9.99, Large (or unlimited Smalls) $12.99.
I love the idea of Genghis Grill and used to go to the Tempe Marketplace location a ton. I love to make my own bowls and I think the quality of the food is really good. 

This location was a hot mess though! We went last week and were so disappointed. 

Our server explained that his "boss forgot to renew the liquor license." 

Ok, I don't know what's worse... forgetting to renew something so important to a restaurant, or having employees who would tell guests something like that. We heard him say the same thing to 2 other tables!

Then we proceeded to watch our server flirt with the hostess while the majority of what seemed like unsupervised staff, jerk around while we waited for our food.  I kind of felt like I was in that movie "Waiting," which made me a little nervous to eat my food lol  

I'm sorry to give this place such a bad review, but I feel like I owe it to the owner to let him or her know what's going on. If they could only get it together this place could be awesome! 

It has everything you need to make a successful restaurant.. good location, great concept, great food, good prices.  It just seems like the owners have given up. 
If they turn things around I would go back.
= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =

I'm a little sorry to see this Genghis Grill close, but I think YC's Mongolian Grill is more fun anyway and maybe this closing will help secure YC's Chandler location for the longer term.     :-)
This place had such amazing food! I am super disappointed they closed down!! I always do take out, never eat at places like this. It is the perfect food to take home and eat with a loved one while watching a movie. Now we go to YC's, which is very good. But not AS good as Genghis was. But I enjoy Mongolian BBQ a lot. One of my fav types of food to eat.
I have been searching for a Mongolian BBQ locally since I moved here.  We were just driving down Stephanie near Sunset when we spotted Genghis Grill.  What a pleasant surprise.

Only open a few days the service was well trained which was surprising. You can order appetizers and desserts but the main attraction is the BBQ.  After giving you two silver dishes you fill the larger one with your meats and seafood and then load it up with vegetables.  Be sure to add a lot of them as they will cook down quite a bit.

Next you fill the small bowl with your choice of flavor sauces with everything from flavorful to spicy.  After this you take your bowls to the BBQ where you have your choice of rices, noodles, pasta and even surprisingly tortillas.  You can watch them cook up your own concoction or they will deliver it to your table.  

Our experience wasn't perfect. Our drink was watery and for some reason they said they were out of edamame appetizers which considering they had been open only two days seemed like the had few bugs to work out.  

Overall we plan on going back soon.  While not cheap the meal was tasty, filling and served piping hot.
The food was great but the service was not desirable. They forgot my friend's lettuce wraps and we are on a time budget. It took 30 minutes for them to realize that she did get her food. Then the manager came over to apologize and gave her a buy one and get one bowl 20% off with a purchase of 2 drinks coupon.  And it doesnt apply to the unlimited bowl. They certainly know how to take care of customers (sarcasm). The people working there definitely were new and you can tell that they were being trained at that time. We wanted to pay because we were late for class and asked a different waiter to ring us up. They had to find the original server to deal with bill. 
We would have went back but because this experience kinda blew. I dont think my friends would want to return.
Genghis Grill has it all wrong. If I was from Po-dunkville, Arkansas this would be my idea of Mongolian grilling or healthy stir fry. Since it's the shiny, new restaurant in my neighborhood I thought I would give it a whirl. Plus I had to re balance my Yelp chi since my numbers were 210 and 110 and some poor soul wanted to be my friend so it went to 211 screwing it up. 

INITIAL IMPRESSION: Too many tables in too small of a space. They tried to seat us in between six full tables while the rest of the areas were open. Not gonna happen homey. Also the lighting is too bright. All good, I bet the food and service is amazing. Hahahaha.

SERVICE:  Service was too much yet it fucking sucked. No one understood what Happy Hour was and they effed up every part of my order accept for the bowl I fucking made.  Every time I had a bite in my mouth they would ask me a question. I did not have a chance to relax and enjoy my meal, yet ever five seconds someone was on my nuts about the experience. Overattentive, yet they still managed to mess up our drink and appetizer orders. Things that make you go hmmmm. 
 

FOOD: For a second just envision raw chicken pieces swimming in it's chicken juice. Then you are expected to scoop a bowl of the meat and slime and mix it in the same bowl with your raw veggies and egg. WTF?! Maybe my OCD was just kickin, but it felt wrong and I couldn't do it. Yes, I'm a complicated order bitches. Thanks for reminding me and making a scene about it.  Big effin deal when I asked for a separate bowl for my veggies and egg. The manager came over to talk to me (without an extra bowl in hand mind you) and give me the Stir Fry For Dummies lecture about how it all ends up in the same place anyways. Do I look like a fucking Mongoloid to you Manager man? News Flash Fuck Face: You lost your stir fry credentials when I peeped meatballs and pepperoni on the line so ba-bye. They do have tons of veggies, eggs, seasonings (mostly seasoned salts) and a variety of sauces (high in sugar) to choose from. If you were from the moon or live off of Hamburger Helper you would think you are having a healthy meal and be super proud of yourself. I wish they would offer healthier choices like raw garlic, ginger and low sodium and sugar free sauces to their selections for those of us who know and watch. They do have brown rice so they get a couple snaps for that.

What whacked out Mongolian Grill place also has spaghetti and burritos?! Genghis does and not in a hipster trendy sorta way either. Penn and Teller would definitely call BULLSHIT. The atmosphere was that of a circus or kid's pizza joint with seven screaming men around the grill taking turns lighting fires and banging on the steel drum. The only way that would work for me is if they were topless with six packs, blue eyes and dancing a little. I'd be throwin hundreds, hundreds.

I found the entire experience to be stressful instead of enjoyable and even though the food wasn't too bad it certainly wasn't worth the price or the extra sugar and calories. An hour later my stomach hurt.

 Genghis, you get 2 STARS because I'd rather see your fake stir fry place than a 99 Cent store in my hood any day.
The service left alot to be desired of.  As we arrived, the hostess was polite and friendly and seated us right away.  After that, everything went downhill!  We sat there with not so much as a greeting until the same hostess that seated us had to ask if anyone was helping us.  Finally our server "Twila" finally came and told us that she would be with us.  No sorry for the wait, just sort of it's busy, I'll get to you.  Then she came and then when it came time to explain how the place runs and how to get your food she basically said that she wanted to wait until the other table was ready so that she could take us in a group.  Yep, that's why I came out with my family, to make this a group event!  She must have noticed the looks on our faces because she suddenly changed her mind and said well I can just take you now.  Soon after we started eating our food, she came back and dropped off surveys and asked us to fill them out.  Could we have waited until after we ate to do this?  She then came back 10 minutes later and asked if we were going to fill out the surveys or if she should just take them back. Wow this place gives you mandatory homework with your food!  

The food itself was just ok.  I have eaten at some much better Mongolian BBQ places but unfortunately they are out of town so my hopes were high for this place.  The sauces were a bit too sweet and thick.  The noodles were a bit undercooked.  

At the end of the day the mediocre food is not worth the terrible service.
The food is decent and you choose your ingredients. The kids cooking do a good job, BUT the wait staff is really slow and they do not have their act together. They really go into too much detail on how the place works, it's pretty simply, big bowl is the stuff you want, the little bowl is your seasonings and sauce, take it to the grill and tell them if you want rice, noodles, wrap... Then the fun begins, after it's cooked these kids seem to get confused when they try to deliver the bowl. The first time they asked if I was David, "No David is the waiter, I am Jeff like it says on the card" Duh! Slow refills on drinks, we ordered a dessert and it took longer to get than our entire dining experience. Our check was wrong, blah blah blah...... Good food, the wait staff needs to grow up and be re-trained.
Maybe one day they can have a section where you don't have to deal with a waiter? and stop playing such krap background music!
About two weeks ago, this new Mongolia BBQ joint opened up on Stephanie.  My cousin mentioned how great this place was and wanted to bring me to try them out.  This place is right next to Momo sushi and behind Cox cable.  Walking into this place, you are immediately greeted by the staff.  There's a big grill in the back of the restaurant where their "grill masters" cook your food.  To the right of the hostess station, there's a bar and to the left of the grill masters station, you will see the food options.  

SERVICE:  One piece of advice:  Listen to your server as there are a lot of options and information.  Our server's name was Anthony and was very attentive to our every need.  He explained the process of Mongolian BBQ at Genghis and checked back at our table regularly to help us.  

FOOD:  Build Your Own Bowl for $8.99 (bottomless bowls for an extra $2.00) There are many food options at Genghis.  You can choose the types of protein, the seasoning, the vegetables, the sauces and the starches, as well as the amount- as long as it fits in your bowls!  Your server will give you a metal bowl with separate area for sauce.  You job is to go through the line and choose as many proteins, veggies, sauces and seasonings that you would like.  Here' what I chose:

-Proteins: Chicken, Pork and Shrimp
-Seasonings: Salt, Pepper, Steakhouse Seasoning, Garlic Powder
-Veggies:  Garlic Water, Bok Choy, Green Beans, Water Chestnuts, Cabbage, Carrots, Onions, Squash, Bean Sprouts, Mongo Peppers (bell pepper combo), Green Onions, Mushrooms
-Sauce:  3G sauce -  As stated, robust Asian flavors, tangy and salt, goes well with every kind of protein
-Starch: Fried rice -  A bunch a veggies, soy sauce and eggs

I appreciate the fact that they even had small spoons for sauce tasting and a separate bin to discard your spoons.  After you fill your bowls, you then give your bowls to the grill masters, where they grill it with your starch of choice, then transfer it to a red bowl and WAHLAH!  Your food is served!  The food came fast and the combined flavors were AH-MAZE-ING!  So much flavor, so much punch, so much kick, so much amazingness.  At first, I was going to get the bottomless bowls, but after my first bowl, I was done.  It was perfect for a lunch portion and didn't make me feel lethargic.  The one thing I was thinking of as I ate, was what combination I was going with on my next visit!

AMBIANCE:  I really liked the interactive feel I got from this place.  Choosing your own foods and sauces and waiting for your finished product really seemed to stir up a lot of conversation at our table.  I think the fact that you could also see your food being made and using a Gong to signal servers that the food is ready, makes for a very hip and engaging vibe.  Add in the fact that you have a bar and you have a very trendy restaurant in my opinion. 

BATHROOMS:  What really did it for me was the option to use a Dyson Airblade in the restrooms.  I'm a big advocate for going green and love the Dyson Airblade.  It's nothing short of spectacular and kudos to Genghis for supplying their customers with that!

All in all I would say that this place is a great new addition to the community.  Have I had better Mongolian BBQ?  Yes.  Has those other experiences been here  in Vegas?  No.  I think this is a great option for Vegas and think that the ambiance and service will keep me coming back!
When I drove past Genghis on Stephanie I was like wow, a new Mongolian place! Mongolian BBQ is one of my favorite things to eat, second only to pizza and tied with Mexican food. I've had Mongolian BBQ for almost 20 years now in many different places so I have some previous experience to go on. Genghis hadn't opened at that time so I kinda forgot about it until I read the article in the RJ online that Genghis was now open. My wife was excited about it as well so we grabbed our 2 year old and away we went. 

When we got there and stepped inside we were ambushed by the new and enthusiastic wait staff. We were shown to a table, and we squeezed into our seats. The layout of this location looks like it was designed by an accountant looking for maximum revenue per square foot vs. someone thinking of a pleasant dining experience. Getting a high chair was no problem, getting it to the table was a bit tight. Once seated our waitress hauled out the metal contraption: A piece of stainless steel holding a tiny cup and a itsy-bitsy cup that we would use to build our bowl with. The tiny cup was for the protein, the itsy-bitsy cup was for the sauces. Oh and then we had to give her our names for a card that we had to carry with our tiny cups...a card that is a pain in the rear end to deal with for all involved. After the explanation of the contraption we were released to go make our bowls! But not before getting upsold on the appetizers, we chose potstickers so they would shut up and we proceeded to make our way past the always on the move wait staff in the narrow corridors to the build your bowl stations. 

If this was your first experience with Mongolian BBQ you might be impressed. Oh look, they have chicken, steak, imitation crab,and oooh! Calimari! Yawn! Even with long arms getting to the choices was a stretch and not comfortable. If you were in a wheelchair this would be an exercise in utter futility. The offerings looked like standard food service bulk meat and were nothing special. Next up were the spices. Again to the inexperienced it would appear they had lots of choices. To me it was like they cut the offerings in half from what I've had elsewhere. And the offerings were kinda lame, and didn't really work well for balancing out various spice preferences. But you do your best and try to make it work before heading to the sauces. You juggle your metal contraption, don't drop your name card, and try and ladle in sauces that looked like goo, black goo, brown goo, soy based goo, and more goo. All of it going into that itsy bitsy cup. By now you're like can we get this over with but oh no, next up is the grill! 

At the grill you get asked if you want rice, noodles, they give you several choices. They grab your little card with your name on it, check off what you want, and then in theory they put your bowl contents on the grill, put your card close by, and cook it while keeping track of it all. In reality it's chaos. Paper cards around fire? Dumb. Then there's the wooden sticks being used to move your food. They're soaking in solution prior to being used...and you wonder how long it's been sitting in there. Anyway at this point many people went back to their seats...I stayed and watched as the grillers lost track of order after order, and servers were like who does this belong to, wash, rinse, repeat, ad nauseum. When the food is cooked and slid into their cool looking bowls they ring a pathetic gong and go on to the next usually lost track of order. 

Skipping over getting frustrated when you finally get your food, or the server hopefully gets your order to you it's just ok. Food service meat mixed with lame spices and goo is what it is. While eating your goo you get the servers asking is it ok? Again over and over. The potstickers? You're better off going to Vons and buying Pei-Wei from the frozen foods section and heating it up at home...it tastes better. I had my drink spilled, they were so quick to clean it up that I was like impressed! Best service in Vegas....the floor tiles were barely able to get damp they were on it so fast. Meanwhile my two year old tried the goo...and he's already a vegetarian and he spit out the various unsauced vegetables and flat refused anything smothered in goo. We ordered a cheese quesadilla for him instead...he did eat half of that. 

Overall there's no other way to say it: This place seriously sucks. It's bad when I can get better Mongolian BBQ at Hu-Hot in Lincoln, Nebraska of all places. And the BD's chain with locations in Denver and Kansas City puts Genghis to utter shame. On top of that tack on a $40 check for this slop (1 bowl each, no seconds) and you've got a great "Worst of Las Vegas" candidate. If it wasn't for our server being helpful, I would be howling in protest over giving 1 star. 

At least Walgreens is across the street for the Tums, Tagamet, and Kaopectate you will likely need in about 45 minutes after you leave the parking lot. And I'm not joking either.
Genghis went there for my first time  about 2 weeks ago. Bad Experience , No Bueno. My friends and i went there , i was excited to try Genghis since i love Mongolian BBQ back in california. We first arrived and was greeted and had to wait about 15min. We were jammed against the window in there bad waiting area, were the servers have to pass by with the customers drinks . We were then taken to our table , and squeezed into our seats; felt like a sardine.  The server then came , really nice lady ; and brought over some small silver trays that look like a cat milk bowl ,serious. At first i thought the silver trays were for appetizers, but happen to be the bowl where i was going to make my dish from. The lady then toke us over to the food barr area , the food  barr area was so comfined. It was difficuilt to pick and choose my items because of the glass. When it came to choose my sauces it was so hard to pick and choose since i was given a small cupp. The sauces were like corn syrup and sugary . When it came down to making my bowl i asked for brown  rice and ended up getting no noodles in my bowl. The server then brought me cooked noodles on the side, no flavor what so ever . I was upset and told the serverv that i wasn't happy with my meal she then asked if she could bring me a lettuce wrapped ,  i told her sure. Wasnt excited about the lettuce wrapped .The manager then came and apoligzed and said he would take it off he check. My experience and expectations  were not what i expected if i can give them a Zero Star on the Review i would, but in order for my post to be posted i had to click one star.  Didnt come across as True Monogolian BBQ.
The service was fine, we had a nice waitress that kept our drinks full. For the price I thought it was a pretty small bowl, and it just seems like a game they are playing. You get this small silver cat dish and when they serve it ,it comes in a large red funky shaped bowl. As if no one can figure that out. 
 The fried rice looked ok, the noodles were disgusting. I should have refused to eat them as they made my stomach upset later in the day. Very, very greasy, sauces were sugery.
 They have calories on the wall and I have a sneaking suspicion they are very misleading and the calorie count is probably without the carbs and sauces....
 This place is run in a guise of hoping we don't notice we are being treated like knuckleheads sardined in for an 8.99 bowl of goo. The cat dish is what? to prompt you to what upgrade to a second bowl of goo? 
 Yes, the tables were small, there was 4 people in my party and I was afraid to move my elbow.
 The bill was 45 bucks without tips. ( you get reminded to tip too via signs)... For that amount of money  you are better off going to the Great Greek On Warm Springs and you can eat off their family meal for a few days. By the way two people in the party were hungry later on in the day.. so after spending so much on lunch they weren't even full... seemed extra expensive on that note....    
I was disappointed with the overall experience. It wasn't a total bust but I would not go back unless someone else wanted me to go. In short too much work and aggravation. Getting your own food, squeezing in and out of the tables, and too little of it for the price once you consider tax and tip.
So why would you beat up on a brand new place. obviously these are younger folks just trying to make money by starting here and you folks just throw them under the bus. This is not rocket science  but they do have some highly edumacated folks there.
Yes they are a chain but yes this is new store. The concept is sound, the food is fresh and clean and only bad because you cant figure out how to season it. That is the whole concept. I sit at full service bar and am treated like king with my named asked for and used several times. Drink and food club stuff avail. All you can eat for 14.00 is cheap. If you dont know how to fill one bowl to the max and dont understand how meat shrinks when you cook it then pay the extra 3 bucks cheapass. I have been waiting for good Mongo since that place went TU on Flamingo near UNLV. 
Give these guys a chance, ask questions the first time you are there, they will gladly help you out. Most of all give immediate common sence feedback on table size and such so they can at least look into improveing your crummy little life experience. Dont just go once, like it but whine about it!
Okay so this place is not a restaurant you want impress your first dinner date with, but the loud, spirited stir fryers who cook up your Mongolian BBQ dish exhibition style (fire & all)  makes it a chill place you want to get together with your family and friends.  It's a AYCE joint.  There's a salad bar type area where you build and create your stir fry dish. Reminds me of the buffet part of Fiesta, but here you have more choices. 

Ambiance - Contemporary design, casual atmosphere, the tables were a little squished in and noisy from everyone talking so loud that busy body me knows what's up in your life cause I can hear your convo. heh heh. 

Service - Was greeted and seated right away....which was surprising considering it was super busy.  Our server Janine did great  She always checked up on us, kept our drinks filled and kept us up on the status of food which was being prepared. I didn't feel that our server offering us appetizers was "up selling" whatsoever, it's like at the burger place asking if you want fries with that? Just say no thanks that's all if ya dont want any. 

Food - All the ingredients appeared fresh, the meats were cold, I didn't see any meats that were soaking in their juices that I had read in some reviews. (believe me I would've just left if I saw that)  The veggie choices were also at cold temps and were crisp.  The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was the noodles I chose the first time around.  My husband really liked Udon noodles  though.   So the second round I passed on starches and loaded up on tofu, veggies, lil bit of beef, 2 seasonings, cilantro, skipped up on the starches and got a lettuce wrap instead. When I tried my second bowl of stir fry I was pleasantly surprised at my creation it turned out pretty good! My suggestion, skip the salt and  ease up on the sauces.  You dont want to drown out your dish with more than 1/2 a cup of sauce. It might end up being too salty or too sweet taking way the flavor of your dish instead of enhancing it.  Hence that "tiny" cup of sauce should be more than enough.  Or check out the little card recipes as your guide. That's your safest bet on your meal turning out good.

Both my husband and I liked our food creations and we enjoyed our first dining experience here.
Initial Impression and experience: So I have always loved Mongolian BBQ. I've dined at many in CA over the years, and this is the first one I've been to here in NV. When we walked up we were greeted outside the door and followed in to be seated right away. That was nice. We were sat at a table and told out waiter would be right with us. He came over and asked if we had ever been there. We said no, so he explained how it all works. Pretty easy to figure out, but whatever, we listened anyway. We got up and went to the food counter. All the food looked fresh and crisp. It was a little difficult to reach some of the items in the back because of the very low sneeze guard. The bowl they give you is VERY small, so everything you try to overstack falls off  :/ We watched them cook our food for a minute, and they came over to let us know our appetizer was on the table for us. So we went over to sit and eat.

Service: Service was on the a lot to be desired side. We each had a drink and they never refilled them for us. They actually took my boyfriends cup (like they were going to refill it) but never brought it back. They listened to my 13 year son over me on whether or not he was going to get all you can eat and brought him a second bowl to fill up anyway. I had to again tell them no, we are not getting all you can eat.

Food: The food was fresh and very good sauces and spices were available.

Price: TOO EXPENSIVE. There were 3 of us and we each got 1 bowl, an appetizer to share, and each a drink and we spent over $50. Too much to pay if you don't even end up with some left overs to take home. The price would have been fine if it was all you can eat that we did, but not for 1 tiny bowl.

Overall: We enjoyed the food a lot, but there wasn't enough and it was too expensive. I would go back, but not for the price. Like another person said, it's almost double what you would pay in CA for the same thing. You can even get close to this same type of food at any buffet here is Vegas and pay less, but have other options as well. I really liked the food and would love to go back, but only if they drop their prices.
Just had a weekday lunch here and it there was a nice crowd - so I was hopeful it was going to be GREAT! But after the so-so experience I don't think that were rushing back anytime soon.  Staff was great - we were seated and explained the process since we were 1st timers - we then followed her to the buffet line where you pick your own ingredients - so if it doesn't taste good - that's your own fault.  They have a menu board and the ingredients that go into it - but you have to make it yourself.  I tried to follow along - but got lost and just started adding what I thought went into it.  I would suggest piling up your bowl with your favorites and don't go too heavy on the sauce.  I didn't pile on enough so when my bowl came it was very sad looking - and tasted just OK.  We also ordered pot stickers which I would not recommend.  Tasted like it was frozen and just heated up, and the sauce was like it was from a bottle.  I would say it is FUN to experience this at least once - but don't set you expectation too high.  Remember - if it doesn't taste absolutely delicious - that is no ones fault but your own as  you chose the ingredients.
I really like Genghis Grill, but this location tried to cram about 20 tables too many into its small space. Kind of claustrophobic, so I recommend sitting at the tables in the bar area. If the food is bad, it's kind of your own fault since you chose what went in it! :)
Last night a few of us went to Genghis after work to have some Mongolian BBQ and drinks.  It was Friday, a long week and we deserved it!

If you look at my last update, you'll know that this place has a lot to choose from.  This time, I decided to get the bottomless dinner bowl for $13.99.  I tried getting the Udon noodles on my first bowl and wasn't impressed.  The noodles didn't take much of the flavor I hoped it would.  Got the fried rice in my second bowl and I was a happy camper.  Love putting pork and shrimp in there, plus a lot of texture, like bamboo shoots, water chestnuts and other crunchy veggies.  

At the end of my meal, I had to try the molten lava cake with ice cream for $4.99.  It was a light and fluffy cake, filled with fudge.  If you get this dessert, I would recommend adding the ice cream in to bring another flavor to the chocolate.  All in all, it was was great dessert and a great way to end my dinner there.

Last night was a wonderful time.  Great company, good food and great service!  Janean was our server and she was super attentive and funny as heck.  I know that the table next to us didn't have a great time with her, but I never judge the service by someone else.  Everyone has their own levels of service expectations and mine includes forgiveness.  With Janean though, there were no red flags and I truly appreciated her calling us by our first names at all times.

I have a great appreciation for this place and I know that you will too!  Be sure to stop by and get some Mongolian goodness!
Finally tried it. Its a bit on the pricey side and they try their hardest to slow you down so you don't eat that much and up sell all the expensive appetizers and fancy drinks. They bring you these little dinky bowls to put your stuff in, which when cooked will amount to about 1/2 chinese food take out container. Have to get the all you can eat, or you'll starve to death from lack of food. They have way too many employees working at one time, they could get rid of about half of them and still run the place efficiently and maybe drop the bowl a buck or two, however the waitress we had was friendly, informative & helpful. The format is awkward at best compared to all the rest of the Mongolian BBQ's I have been to across the nation as they try to make this a restaurant experience & show instead of a Mongolian BBQ. It gets extremely crowded during the dinner hours and extremely loud, so crowded your practically bumping elbows with the party next to you. When you get up 3 tables have got to slide out of your way so you can squeeze through the little 4 inches in between tables (little over done, but you get the point). Kinda curious why they put on a "fire show" when they want you to sit down after giving them your bowl, you cant see it due to the booths and the yelling and gonging is kinda annoying.

If your tall like me, expect a workout to get anything under the sneeze guards. This place must of been designed by midgets (no offense to midget architects). The meats are average and they have a fair selection of veggies, but the sauces are either too sugary or too salty and unusually thick (like molasses) and its hard to fine tune to taste especially for heat. Don't listen to them when they say their sauces are hot. I dumped a ton of their real hot one (Khanzu Sauce) and it barely spiced it at all, and their powdered spices don't do much either.  But all said, I can make a fairly tasty bowl and that's why we came. Roommate really liked the Curry Peanut Sauce.

If I was on this side of town, and wanting Mongolian "style" BBQ, I would visit again. I figure I'll get the sauces down eventually, but it is definitely not worth a special trip or traveling from afar like from the Strip or Summerlin.

Well see if this place survives (which I doubt), its WAY too expensive for what you get.
*This review does not reflect the great service I got by my waitress Jen*

Please excuse the vulgarity of this review**

 By no means is this place a mongolian bbq, or should even have the word mongolian in its title. What a disgrace to the mongolian people. All the bad reviews on yelp nail this one. You put your gross tasting meats in your itty bitty bowl, pick from a selection of terrible veggie combinations then add goopy, thick, slimy sauces that make no sense on why anyone would ever consume such a thing. After taking a few bites and being unsatisfied we desided to let the manager know how gross it is, in a polite way, and she tells us if we come back we can make fajitas from their odd variety next time. Yes, because when I think of mongolian, I think of fajitas..?.. i think I just died a lil inside.

Not only save your money, but save your time and life, go across to arbys and eat atleast 20 beef sandwiches and I doubt the stomach ache from that wont add up to the stomach ache youll get from a few bites of this place.you know a place is bad you have the immediate urge to take a scolding hot shower shortly after eating. I feel dirty :(
Read a few of the negative reviews below and felt like I had to respond.  First of all if you limit yourself to the size of the bowl then of course you will leave hungry.  However if you know how to stack your bowl properly you will not only leave full but will have enough left over for another meal.  There are several GG in Az and my husband and I ate there A LOT when we lived in Phx.  I always took it as a personal challenge to see how high I could pile my bowl.  I've gotten it so high before that they had to serve it to me in two of their red bowls.  So if you leave the GG hungry its because you barely put anything in the bowl, and yes veggies do shrink.  As far as the Mongolian BBQ thing... Its not a mongolian BBQ its a grill.  Its very similar to any other Mongolian grill ive ever been to with the exception of the high quality meats they have at the GG.  So pretty much its up to you how your food tastes because you make your own sauce.

I have been a regular at the GG for years(granted not this location) and have always left happy and full.  I was very excited to see one here in Las Vegas and after dining there I can say they did not disappoint.  The service was fantastic, the staff was friendly, and the manager came out several times to check on us.  I think this place is def worth a stop.  Be sure to try and figure out how to maximize your tiny bowl.  A little creative stacking goes a long way!
I love this place.  It allows me to get great quality and healthy food at a cost of only $10.99 per bowl.  The service is still getting up to par but it doesn't out weigh the food or the experience.  I wouled highly recommend.  I did find seating kinda cramped.
Food was fabulous. We went there this afternoon. There was a nice crowd there but we were sat right away. They have a 5 step process to making your own "bowls".
After going through the buffet style station, you bring your bowl to the cooks and  they get the show on the road. Our lunch was done and on our table in about 7-8 minutes.

My only complaints aren't that serious but still bothered me none the less...

1- It was bitterly cold in there! I was literally shivering as I tried to eat lunch. I'm not one to get cold so for me to be FREEZING.. the AC was definitely on too high. 

2- While going along the line making our bowls, there were three rows of random ingredients. I couldn't reach the back row! My husband had to reach anything I wanted for me. The woman behind me had the same problem. Not everyone has gorilla arms! Cater to everyone please! Buy longer spoons! 

Outside of that, everything was great. Our server "Sasha" was very informative and was knowledgeable. She answered all the questions we had about sauces and food allergies.

Will be back again soon! Yum!
Went he for lunch and it was not overly crowded (yay!) Our waitress came, took our drink orders, asked about food allergies and (because I'm new to Mongolian BBQ) explained how the process works. Having a recipe chart up on the wall really helped. I went with Beef & Broccoli but was able to add ingredients I enjoy, but aren't normally in this dish. It was fantastic!

I had peach tea to drink and it was very weak in peach flavor. It wasn't sweetened, which for me is a plus. The only negative is the big f-ing gong the cooks beat like an enemy if/when they get a tip. If the gong bothers you don't tip them.

Will definitely be going back again in the future.
Amazing!  Glad they finally opened one here in Vegas.  They have one back in my home town and its always a big hit.  Honestly if you think it's not good its probably only your own fault for not fixing your bowl right.
I'm actually pretty familiar with Genghis Grill during the old days of my Dallas misadventures.  I used to frequent the place quite often, and was sorry to lose it as one of my restaurant choices when I moved to the West coast.  Well, now it's back.  Or here, I guess is the better way to put it.

I've noticed reviews are all over the place for the restaurant, but my experience was good.  We got there before the dinner crowd, so we were seated quickly and ready to be served.  We did the "Build A Bowl" option, and for a $10.99 single bowl dinner price, that was more than fair, though the option to go "unlimited" is an extra $3.

Basically, there are a number of meats, vegetables, sauces and starches (noodles, rice, tortilla) to chose from.  You can choose how much you want of everything, and pick whatever ingredient options you want.  Because of the options, you can choose a lot of related things, or go for some pretty outlandish mixtures.  But it's on you if things actually go well together or not, so if you make something you don't like or didn't get enough.... Well, you made it, so there you go.

I created a veritable feast of meats, with enough garlic to kill off the cast of "True Blood".  You hang out, while they cook everything up on this huge circular grill, and after a few minutes, the meal is yours.

The options seemed to have changed/expanded since my initial Lone Star State visits, but really, all I cared about was my self-made meal.  And that's probably all I'll ever really care about during another return.

Service was pleasant and appreciative.  They also seem very conscientious about being respectful to food allergies.  While I have none, I'm sure someone will appreciate the extra "Is this okay" check-in.  Drinks were refilled quickly, the manager came over to chat and ask about our food experience.  And we got out just before they got slammed with customers.  And they do carry out, as long as it's not the "All You Can Eat" option.

All in all, I was pretty satisfied to revisit a familiar experience.  I will echo someone else's statement that I hope they open another location on the west side of town, because it's a bit of a drive, but nothing out of control.

Glad for a new food option.  I'll be checking it out again.
Really good, fast, and can be super healthy' or not.

Its a build it yourself place, so if you don't know what to make for yourself, ask. 

Expected a fast food style place, definitely not, in a good way.
Redemption?: After a 1 Star Review, has Genghis improved? With family in from Nebraska who wanted Mongolian BBQ it was time to find out. And after my 1st review of this place brought me a LOT of flak, private messages, and even some hate messages, I was like I'm going to wait to do a 2nd review. But that time is now and here it is. (I edited / added to this review, critics can go read the additional comments at the bottom.)

We went in for lunch on a Friday and I stayed quiet acting like I had never been there before as the person with me had not been there. We were seated promptly and given our super tiny little dog bowl for our meat choices and the hamster sized water cup for our sauces and listened to the whole spiel. Then we got dragged up to the counter and was having the process of bowl building explained when we got rushed through it as another horde of people started to come through. 

It's still a pain in the rear to reach the food offerings to build your bowl with, the calimari and high end meats are gone, the spices are lame as I said before, and the black and brown goo sauce choices are still there. The same slow griller process is also in place, and yes they still use the absolutely asinine cards with the bowls to keep track of things. ( BD's does it so much better! ) The person I was with kept comparing it to HuHot in Lincoln, NE and she said out loud that this process sucked. 

The food we got was ok. I ignored the griller recommendations and went with brown rice. Brown rice is hard to mess up, and it provides some food stability. (It's that Misti Y influence at work again.)  It's one item that usually won't suck. It was a good choice as this time the food was not as bad as last time.  But after I got tired of using the chopsticks I went to unwrap one of the cheapest food service mass produced forks in history only to find it's DIRTY! SCREECHING HALT IN PROGRESS, oh no Boo-Boo, we don't do dirty utensils. You will bring me another one like right freakin now! 4 min later a new fork arrives and I eat the rest of my lukewarm bowl. Across the table she barely eats about 1/4 of her bowl. Now keep in mind she's not inexperienced at Mongolian BBQ, she's ate it in 6 states, multiple different places too, and for her to only eat 1/4 of her bowl...ugh. I ask for her opinion, and she's nice and says it's "ok". Then I ask about how they compare to BD's and she's like this place sucks compared to them. Enough said. So after getting one more offer to buy an overpriced dessert we get our check. With an 18% tip it's almost $29 for 2 people to have lunch. Choking back that I just got seriously ripped off feeling I signed the check and headed for the door. 

I did tell the staff that things have improved (Hey, they didn't spill something at the table this time so I was being honest!) But 45 min later I began to get sick. Did you know that from Pecos and Sunset to Sunset and I-515 there are 4 Terribles locations with bathrooms? I can now give reviews on 2 out of those 4 thanks to Genghis Grill's food. What's worse is when 2 people have urgent needs to use the same bathrooms. They need bigger restroom facilities that can handle more than 1 person at a time. There's also a great CVS pharmacy close to the Fox 5 studios on Sunset that sells Imodium tablets that kept our Friday from being an ode to Charmin type day. 

I'm sorry but 1 Star is where this crappy place stays, and it gets bumped to my Call the Health Department list as my stomach still hurts almost 24 hours later.

Edit: 
1: I know how to SERIOUSLY stack. And I still feel the bowls are way too small compared to their competitors offerings. 
2: The sauces suck, period. I will mix my own sauces, I don't need someone to do it for me. And as for the product they've dumped out there for people to use, I can get better stuff at Vons off the shelf. 
3: Pricing even with sales tax variations is still higher when compared with Denver, Kansas City, and Minneapolis. How do I know? I just got off the phone after calling and asking and comparing it against the receipt I have in my hand. 
4: If the Clark County Health Dept wasn't in such disarray of late I'd walk in a complaint in person on Monday since I'll be downtown. Might just do it anyway. An inspection would do this place some good. Buying Imodium after the fact should NOT be part of my lunch time costs. People can squawk all they want but restaurant food should not make multiple people sick after it's consumed. And there's not a critic on here that should question that. 

I take these reviews with the utmost seriousness as I learned from Chef Gio at Old School Pizzeria that these reviews have impact. These reviews can make or even break a business. I don't write 1 star reviews for spite, I simply call it as I experience it.
Read over the negitive reviews and I don't get it. I have lived all over this country and eaten at many Mongolian grills and the Genghis in Henderson is great. Complaining about the size bowls??? What, they are the size and everywhere else that I have eaten. Part of the skill at a grill is to know how to stack yoour veg and protein. I have never been there when the food was anything other than fresh. The comment about sauce not being cooked with the food? I don't get that either. Same with pricing. It is not over priced. I am just stunned by the reviews. Not at all with our experiences there.
I took my teenage daughter here on a Saturday afternoon while we were running errands & was very pleased.  While I was familiar with the concept of Mongolian BBQ, she was not, so the waitress took her time explaining exactly what needed to happen.  I had to help out a little bit along the way, but the waitress (Kat?) was great.  

We went down the food-bar making our bowls, and while yes, the silver bowls that they give you are pretty small, it's pretty easy to stack all of the things you want inside.  Personally, I ended up with a bowl of food that was bigger than I could eat, as did my daughter.

The choices were good, though there were a few things that I felt were missing.  I would have liked some better options in the produce, but it was still pretty good.  There were a LOT of protein options - steak, chicken, shrimp, sausage, etc.  I used marinaded steak and shrimp.  Sauces and spices - again a lot of options.  As I'd never been here, I wasn't sure what I wanted, but I pieced it together and was happy with the end product.

To top it off, your carb is separate.  While many places give you a bigger bowl, you often have to stuff your noodles in there as well as the meats and veggies.  Genghis doesn't do it that way.  When you give your bowl to the chef, you tell him which carb you want.  I went with the Udon and was happy to see that they were Udon noodles and not spaghetti noodles, like I sometimes see.

All in all, a good experience.  I'd like to go back again sometime for dinner & try the scallops.
I enjoy making and watching other people trying to stack pounds of stuff on the bowls trying to get their moneys worth:) the food is always good and service is pretty smooth. the first two times the messed up my rice but were quick to offer to fix it.
The only two things I miss about living in Michigan are BD's and Flat Top Grill.  I have literally rerouted airplane trips to have layovers in Chicago and Dallas so I can run out for a bowl.  Thus I watched the construction of Genghis with baited breath and high fived the lord for putting it two blocks from my office.  For years, I got stirfry once or twice a week because one bowl lasts two meals (am I right, pro-stackers?!)

Sadly, it's been eight trips so far, and the place is still not quite right.  I will absolutely keep eating there, but I always tell them honestly when they ask how my visit was, and many of the frequent irritations seem easy to fix!  (Watch out, TL;DR coming!)


THE BAD:

1) The habitual mistake I see every time is how the grillers dump the bowl and walk away.  I have even watched my pile sit still until it's time to sauce.  The word "stir" in "stir fry" should have been on Day One of training, guys.  Move that shit around!   Aside from the performance aspect (which is supposed to be one of the selling features), it prevents food from burning itself to the grill, and flaking charred remains into my meal.  When you watch them plate your bowl, you see a thin black layer of food lost to the grill, which wouldn't happen if they kept the piles moving.  I cringe to think how much wasted food is hauled out of that trap every night.  At BD's the guys rotate around the grill, so every pile gets flipped a few times.  There's a fine line between leaving it long enough to brown, and ignoring it so long it burns.  I lose half my crab every meal because it's left behind, blackened to the grill.  STIR!  MORE!

2) The guys who designed the buffet dimensions suck and the store owners should demand a do-over.  I imagine it's hard to think of every body size and ability, but the back row is so far behind the sneeze guard, I literally have to bend over and press my shoulder against the rail to stretch far enough.  For a while, they had a guy back there handing you the unreachables.  Considering how much shrimp I eat, I sympathize with their tactics ... but the message is clear when they have two rows of fish and the shrimp in back: They don't want you eating it!  I've gone at 4:00 and the scallops weren't out yet, so I can only imagine they somehow create an additional barrier.  Portion it out in plastic cups if the cost is killing you!

3) The cooks need improvement for reading the card instructions, something time will fix I hope.  I have asked for rice on the side, and it was mixed.  I have asked for an extra sauce cup and they told me I have to ask my server.  I walked five feet over and grabbed it myself from the station.  I have asked for my bowl to go, and they handed me a plate.  I have gotten a bowl to go, and they handed me a To Go box sitting on a plate.  I ended up walking over to the server station and bagging it myself.  Rookie moves, guys!

4) The appetizers are disappointing.  Twice I have ordered appetizers and they arrived after my bowl.  The citrus salt is too strong on the edamame.  The lettuce gets soggy when you pour all the meat over all the lettuce.  Some lettuce should be on the side so it can stay crisp -- pouring hot meat and sauce on lettuce equals limp cooked lettuce for the last half of the dish!


THE GOOD:

1) After a few rough trips, we wrote an email listing our problems and the manager invited us back for a free meal.  Gold star response!

2) I pay $9 for Teriyaki Madness, and can get Genghis To Go in the same time for a dollar more -- but I get all the "Surf N Turf" I can stack.  I eat half for lunch and the rest for dinner.  Anyone who complains about the size of the bowls isn't doing it right and/or expecting the business to lose money.  I punish the Station Buffets like anyone else, but stand-alone restaurant owners walk a razor thin margin.  There's plenty of food and money for us all to go home happy and full, folks.

3) My friends and I have gotten diabolical with the game of stacking over the years.  My personal best involves tucking snowpeas along the rim to create a retaining wall, and pressing the meat down with a broccoli floret (don't use the tongs, because someone might be allergic to something else touched in your bowl.)  We are easily amused.  ;-)
Good quality of food, and very kid friendly. A little pricey, which explains why it isn't 5 stars. Great fire show! My son loved it when they cleaned the grill. The portions are somewhat smaller than I expected. To be quite honest, the whole process of getting your food is a little confusing. I don't like the idea of the public being able to touch their own raw meat for some reason. It grosses me out. All the same....it's adequate but not fantastic.
Well, I can see why they did not actually put Mongolian BBQ on the sign but like a few other reviews have put, they do say stir fry.... To say I am some sort of Mongolian BBQ snob is in no way true but I will say, living in Northern California you definitely get spoiled having some great Mongolian BBQ spots to go check out. Now please remember, when I say Mongolian BBQ place I am talking about bowls the size of buckets and that you fill with the thinly sliced meat and then have your boxing buddy beat the hell out of the meat so you can fit all the veggies and then create the mount Shasta of noodles on top and then flood the bowl with great sauces. That is what got our mouths watering when we say the sign for this place as well as the guy walking to his car in the parking lot talking about how amazing it was. 

Perfect, we found a Mongolian place that the customers outside think is amazing.... Let me start by saying I would love to find out how often that guy eats spaghettio's for dinner because this place was the farthest thing from amazing. We were seated and given a menu, looking over it and seeing that one bowl is something like $10 plus $3 for all you can eat that should have been the red flag but then when the waitress brought our our pet food dishes I really should have known. We were handed 3 bowls if that is what you call them with some piece of paper that you have to pull some cirque stuff to hang onto. Let me explain these bowls, One is for your meat which is quite small and then the largest is for your veggies, now don't let the word largest fool you because it is far from that and they also give you this cup for sauce, it looks like the cups you get at chili's when you ask for a side of ranch. Really?? That just wont cut it for us saucy types. 

Oh but Ray, the meat selection is the redemption.. Ha, sorry Mr. Genghis, the last time I check Peperoni and sausage sure as hell don't belong in Mongolian BBQ let alone a stir fry. Are you sure this isn't a pizza joint in disguise. I walked up to the meat and the chicken was floating in its own......well I'm not quite sure what that is that it is floating in but I know that it cant be good. I was so utterly disgusted by the choice we had just made to eat here but decided to give it a chance and move on down the line. Once you finish walking down the line you tell the guy at the grill what kind of noodles you want including spaghetti noodle... What the hell?!?! 

So, by this time you have picked your ridiculous meat and your terrible veggies and filled your shot glass with sauce and handed it over to Brad the Mongolian Chef and you are counting on him to make it all better and well this is where the trip to Mongolia crash and burns literally, Burns. He dumps the bowls of goods on the burner and left it sitting there while they rang some crazy gong and damn near lit the place on fire. I guess it entertained the kids but while they are being entertained my food was charring.  I would much rather watch that guy skip around the grill turning my food while yelling ye-haw. That would definitely entertain me more since my food would be cooked correctly. Now for the biggest trick they attempt to pull, they have these bowls that are shaped like a piece of modern art that look gigantic but that is the one side the other sits about as high as the side of an inflatable raft in the ocean, if you are not sure what that is like just try it and you will see. 

If you haven't figured out buy now, this is not a place that I would recommend and the fact that my wife and I both had terrible stomach pains that night after eating here guarantees we will never set foot back in this place and will definitely make sure our friends don't make the same mistake we did by thinking this was a Mongolian BBQ
The food is amazing.  You get to make it how you like it and with so many options for meats, veggies, spices, and sauces, if it taste bad than you probably picked the wrong combinations.  Ive been twice in the last week and look forward to eating here again.  For $10 I got more than I could eat and took the rest home.  Yeah you can pay a few bucks more for all you can eat, but if you pack as much into your first bowl you probably won't need any more.  I love spicy food, so I made a bowl of seasoned beef, chicken, brocoli, lots of jalepenos, peppers, garlic and used 2 different sauces and it was amazing.  My wife and kid love this place as well.  I definetly would suggest giving this place a try.  The servers have also been very polite and the atmosphere is exactly what I would expect which is a nice cozy place to enjoy a meal.  This is now my 2nd favorite place to eat after (El-Torito Cafe)!!!
Really, really good! We first walked in, and just stood there for a long time. Almost left, but they had just opened and we gave them time. Once we were seated, we met Mia. It was our first time there. We chose to make our own bowl. She walked us over, explained how it worked and let us loose on deciding what wonderful, fresh meat, veggies and sauces we wanted. 

They have cards that offer suggestions on what to choose, or you can choose whatever sounds good. Get more veggies than you think...smashing it down in the bowl as you go along...as they cook down. I loved the idea of grabbing an egg so there would be scrambled egg in the mix, so don't forget to grab the egg along the way if that's what you like. Yum!

Really liked the experience. Mia checked back with us, as did the manager. Really loved the food! The service was great. We were really glad we didn't listen to the random bad reviews. This place is great.
Very happy to this open up.  I love mongolian barbeque and anytime I go to a buffet I order this fresh.  Nothing at a buffet at a local casino compares to Genghis Grill - there were more choices in meat, veggies, spices and sauces.  I do agree with other reviewers there are way too many tables in it and I could not reach the back row to get the shrimp and other options since I am 5'2 and have short arms.  I did like the TVs and got to watch some soccer and loved the decor.  We will give it a try again.
I've been to this place in Phoenix and I was super psyched when one opened in Las Vegas! I'm glad it's here but it's not my favorite. I eat here about twice a month anyway because it's an easy way to get your veggies and it's cheap.

You go in, sit down, order your drink and get a bowl. Then you belly up to the bar and fix your own bowl. Drop it at the grill and your server delivers it to your table when it is ready. 

THE BAD:

The bar is usually dirty which freaks me out. I know it's hard to keep the place clean but geez, sometimes it is downright nasty. The cooks also NEVER cook my bowls enough. I ask for it super well done / almost blackened and every single time my shrimp comes out opaque and I have to tell 'em to cook it more. I also experience tummy issues an hour or so after eating here...maybe from all the fiber? I don't know. 

Another thing I really hate is that EVERY SINGLE TIME I have eaten here, the server has felt the need to comment on how many bowls I've eaten. We've had probably 8 different waiters and they all say something about it. I'm not fat (and there's nothing wrong with being chunky) but I can eat, and it makes me really uncomfortable when people feel like they have to say things like "wow, this is your THIRD BOWL?" Maybe corporate teaches them to do that so they will shame you into not getting another plate of shrimp. (And by the way, my bowls are usually 100% veggies; I don't like that meat that swims in its own...juices on the bar)! 

THE GOOD:

You can pile on all the meat and veggies you want. It's fun to play chef and create a bowl with all the different dry spices and wet sauces. I usually pay the additional $3 to add on the all-you-can-eat bowl because it makes it easier to experiment. If you don't like the first bowl, make another. 

The iced tea is freshly brewed and really good, and they have Coke Zero. I also love that there are lots of protein choices (marinated steak, chicken breast, shrimp, turkey, and more) and you can choose a starch (tortillas, noodles, rice) or just have none at all (I usually have no starch). 

It's an easy place to get full for under $30 for two. I've noticed the crowds have died down significantly since the place opened. It used to be packed and you had to wait to eat but now you can walk in pretty much any time of the day. A decent place to go and one that I'll continue to visit.
This place was awesome!  I've been to many Mongolian grills before, but this tops them all.  Truly excellent selection of meats, vegetables, sauces.  Really nice dining format too.  You are seated like a normal restaurant, then you walk through a buffet style area to fill up your bowl with as much as you'd like, drop it off at the grill, and then they bring it to you.

As of this writing they've only been open about three months, but the people were already streaming in at 5pm!  It looks to be a franchise based on the quality of the environment and the whole dining process.  Very friendly and informative staff.

I'm already looking forward to going again.  Prices are great too...about $10, plus you can go with a "bottomless" bowl for only an extra $3.  Wide drink selection.
Yum! This place is convenient because it's close to my house and it's also very good. You basically pick all the meat, veggies, and sauce you like and bring it over to get cooked. Food usually comes out fairly quickly. For the starch items, I like to do a combo of half fried rice and half udon noodles. It's usually more than enough food for me. Good stuff!
The Good:

Presentation.  It is hands-on.  As expected in a Mongolian grill, you walk around the station where you can pick your Proteins (Good meats), Spices, Veggies, Sauces.  I felt they had adequate number of choices there.  The quality of selection looked and tasted good.  Once you make your choices, you walk up to the grill where your selection of food combined with your choice of Starch (Rice/Fried Rice/Udon Noodles/Pasta) is cooked on a large grill.  It is fun to sense (both watch and smell) your food while it is being cooked.

Outside of food quality, the place has lot of information to offer you through their large labels/signs posted all around on walls.  Waiting staff is young and friendly.  It is a hands-on dining experience. Do not expect a white glove service.  

The Bad:
You got to ask for second bowl ($2 additional) if you feel like going for a second time around the food station and have more food cooked for you.  Problem is not with additional $2, but to reach out and ask the waiter for a second bowl.  You don't want any wait times or that wicked you-eat-a-lot smirk on your waiter's face while you are on a food quest like one real Genghis. Do you?
Servers are easily destracted. Our server had 3 tables including us and looked to be sweeping the floor across the way. Slow refills on drinks and when I finally asked for our check, she could be seen in the back office room munching out on her own dinner. My bowl items were not well mixed when cooking and I got a bite of nothing but a ball of sauce! We are done and left our "rewards" card on the table, they always forget to put points on it anyways. done.
I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, wanted to like this place. Let's start w the positive. Nice atmosphere, liked the bar and the fact that we could get mixed drinks, great staff! VERY friendly and helpful! Definitely the best looking Mongolian place I've been to. Unfortunately you can not eat all the above! If so it would be a 5 star joint. The food... Well it's hard to explain but it's not Mongolian BBQ. If they'd have left the mongolian out of the name and just called it Genghis Grill Stir fry, maybe I'd feel different. I just expected real Mongolian. I know it's a chain restaurant and you can tell they spent some dough in this place. But how do you screw Mongolian up? It's like these cats way over thought the concept? The meat was not good. The veggies combos were all wrong. And the sauces, which a prob the most important part were to thick! Way to thick. I don't care about the metal bowls and the cooks banging the gong when tipped, all I wanted was some descent Mongolian. What they have is way over done corporate over americanized Stir Fry. 
Apparently you can get fajitas though? All you can eat! What a joke!
My friend has been wanting me to try this place for quite some time. She says that the choices are good and the selection was better than others made it out to be. I am a huge fan of stir fry and was willing to give it a try. 

Overall it was not bad, I just have an issue with a few items. One, the bowl that they give you is not that large. Even the best of stackers will have issues with getting the most veggies packed into that tiny half sphere. Two, for the $11 it is not worth it, but adding an additional $3 for unlimited is a decent value. Three, the scallops are not worth it. I know, you should never expect decent scallops, but these baby ones are tough after cooking. It felt like I was chewing on rubber.

The service was friendly and my server offered me a new bowl without judgment. I have had better experiences with Mongolian BBQ.
My first impression wasn't very good.  I have been to many of the mongolian grills before and find they use frozen meats both killing taste and making your bowl look full but really on the thin side as the meat doesn't bend to make room in the bowl.  The restaurant atmosphere is essentially a cafeteria, not designed for comfort but rather to cram as many people into the restaurant as possible.

The concept is fun and my daughter loved it.  Grab your bowl and get in line, as you progress you choose your protien from shrimp, scallops, pork, chicken, beef, sausage, pepperoni, etc.  Then your spice including salt and pepper, cajun, etc.  You can mix spices. Then your veggies and there is a wide selection.  Finally your sauce, again you can mix and they even recommend some mixing.  They have sweet sauces for the kids and spicy ones for the adult kids :)    Then it is off to the cooking station to pick your starch from various rice and noodle options and then watch them stir fry your meal on the round grill.

I have to say the food was excellent.  The ingredients were fresh and not frozen, the flavor was great and the sauces were tasty.  The best thing is it is a bottomless bowl for an extra 2.95 (free for kids) so you can eat as much as you want.

We will be back soon!
The food is really good and I like that you get to pick all your items. However, the bar sucks. Not only does it have slow service but they also give you barely any alcohol in your drinks and you could leave with a stomach ache from all of the mix they give you.
I've been to Genghis twice and the first time was very lack luster.. I was going to give a 2 or 3 star review but after my second encounter I decided to up the ante to a 4 star. The food is traditional Mongolian BBQ in that you get a small bowl which you skillfull try to stuff as much ingredients into then have them cook it for you either over noodles or rice. Sauce included or on the side. The sides are good I love that they have bok choy  which you dont often see on many Mongolian BBQ's. They try hard to keep the area clean and usually succeed. The only complaint I have is that maybe the people cooking need a lil more training.. sometime the food sits a lil too long on the grill .. just my preference I suppose.. 
Its decent.. I'll definitely be back.
A fast food Mongolian grill, nice idea, for some reason the decor reminds me of a panda express.

Anyways, as we know the food is what counts, so let's see.

A nice selection of proteins to pick from, one glaring issue, while its great to see them offering shrimp, they still have the vein in, not the first time I have seen this, but still not something I would eat.

Service has been good, waiter is very friendly, though my diet coke went MIA for a while.

I will say there is a large selection sauces to go on the food and they ask about allergy problems, of course selecting your own food to be cooked it should take care off this issue.

So the food has arrived, I guess I know how to pick good ingredients as it was pretty good. Some of the food was a little burnt, but all in all it was a good meal and certainly good for $11.

Gourmet it is not, but it doesn't pretend to be, it delvers as advertised to I am happy.

The waiter passed the empty glass test, it was quickly refilled.

So all in all, a good deal, good food, the shrimp thing bothers me though.
My My...There are some serious haters of this place. I'm glad that I didn't read Yelp before going. I actually went because two people in my office raved about it. I went there on two different occasions to buy gift cards for birthdays. I finally decided to go with friends. I've only been to one other Mongolian grill place so there isn't a lot to compare. All that I can say is that the service was mediocre and not terrible. The food was good. I like the concept of making your own meal with ingredients that you like.  My partner didn't follow instructions and put the sauce in his food bowl instead of the side bowl. They made him go back and put more sauce in the side bowl. Ultimately what happened was an inedible bowl. None of us can figure out why they made him add more sauce. It was too much sauce and not good. Three of us; however, enjoyed our meal. I didn't know that this place is a chain. Oh well...I'll go back because I enjoyed it. I'm not sure that my partner will though. The idea of the sauce makes him queasy,
Yes! This is what i've been looking for in Henderson. A bottomless mongolian grill joint containing multiple types of carbs and meats for your satiating preferences.
when  you first arrive, you instantly notice the huge food bar to your left filled with steaks, beef, shrimp, marinated fish, PEPPERONIS, imitation crab, all sorts of goodies. FIll up your bowl and move onto the different seasonings (yellow curry was sickkness!), then onto veggies and your choice of sauces. So many sauces..it was hard to choose. Luckily it was bottomless so I tried 5 differnet ones with my 5 bowls! 

my go-to combo: pepperoni, steak, mushrooms, bamboo, water chestnuts, with Dragon sauce and their special fried rice. Killer dish. I was literally in Mongolia..
I agree, cafeteria style and they cram you into a fast food type of eatery but, the hostess did move us from the uncontrolled kid area to a quieter area.  Our server was friendly and gives you a tour for first timers.  Pile all you can into the bowl since it all shrinks down big time.  I thought I put cabbage in there.....where did it go?  Anyway I liked it all with your many choices of meats, veggies, spices, and sauces.  So each time it's a different experience of flavor.  Of course their tea is freshly brewed.... A huge shout out to that!  We will definetly start this place into our rotation of frequent places to eat.
Gross. Awful service. RUN AWAY!
Hmm, reviews seem a bit lukewarm and I can't really figure out why. These guys offer everything you could need or want in a decent mongolian grill (and much more) and I've been pleased each time I ate here.

It's interesting inside. They have a small bar to prepare various well and specialty drinks if you feel the need to get buzzed whilst chowing down on mongolian food. As a previous reviewer noted, it's not particularly comfortable inside-- seems more like a cafeteria style lay out rather than an intimate dining area but I imagine that this style probably fits the casual experience of preparing your own concoction for dinner. They are very friendly here and are more than happy to explain the process to the uninitiated. The availability of healthier options such as low carb or brown rice is certainly a plus for the health conscious.

Now for the food. It's actually quite overwhelming to a mongolian bbq fan like myself because you really don't know where the start. In addition to over half a dozen different meat options, there are many optional spices and far more vegetables than you know what to do with. Plenty of non-authentic options are included, such as as mexican and teriyaki flavors. They have some pre-set recipes for you to follow that will probably make your time in line a lot easier, but being as stubborn as I am, I somehow believe that I can make my bowl more delicious through my own creativity.  You can add a decent amount of meat and they won't complain if it isn't ridiculously excessive.

They add plenty of rice and if you flavored your entree well enough, you don't even require any additional soy or chili sauce. It's not the best mongolian I've ever had but its conveniently located, filling, and served in a friendly manner. What's not to like?
This place is great and allows you to eat what you like and as much or little as you would like. I love this place and frequent it often. Great for large parties
Turned on to this place by a friend. When I walked in, immediately reminded me of Pei Wei. Seems like the same kind of concept, but you build your meal yourself.

If you don't come with someone who has experienced this place before, you could wind up skimping yourself on your meal. You are responsible for either building your dream bowl, or you can select from a few recommended templates. But, if you don't take into consideration that your meal will shrink drastically once it is fully cooked, your overstuffed precooked bowl comes to your table cooked and barely half the size it was before. I've even stacked to the point of carrying my bowl to the cooking station covering the edges with my hands to keep it all in and still got back a very small cooked portion.

All in all, the food tastes great, better yet, awesome, you just don't get a lot of bang for your buck and it's a pretty steep buck. But I give them brownie points for serving Coke Zero!
Genghis Grill is an ok place. The place is nice and like the idea of being able to customize your bowl the way you want. They give you so many meats, sauces, seasonings and vegetables to choose from you'll never run out of creative ways to make your bowl. Plus for the lazy person, they have bowls already created so you don't have to decide if choice is hard for ya lol. The biggest drawback is PRICE!! Average $10 for a bowl. The scary part is you can pile up so much ingredients and have it overflowing with goodness and BOOM!! When its cooked your bowl has shrunk lol. I was like what the hell? Did they drop half my food on the floor? Especially for the money. If your craving Mongolian, you can find better deals elsewhere. At the Fiesta Henderson Buffet, they have a mongolian section and you can customize your plate anyway you want for half the price and as the Fat Boys Song says, "All You Can" Eat!!" Until next time, Let's Eat!!!
I wanted to wait until I went back here a couple times before I wrote a review. I have been three times now, so here we go. The first visit was only a couple days after they opened and it seemed like it was not only everyone's first couple days at this location, but everyone's first day in the restaurant business. I wouldn't have called anything bad, but it just seemed like everyone was very new at their jobs.

The food was not my favorite among Mongolian bbq style restaurants I have been to. After two more visits, I think I have it ironed out. I was used to having many liquid sauces and flavorings at the end of the buffet line where here the majority of the flavoring takes place near the beginning of the line with dry spices. The spices are served with very tiny spoons so I did not take as much as I should which resulted in the final product being quite bland. After adjusting my seasonings, everything really seems to be clicking.

On my last visit, I had a delicious, well cooked meal and great service. This place is on it's way up and worth a try, especially since it is the only restaurant of this type that I know of in Las Vegas.
I love this place you get a big bowl u pick your meats,veggies,and/or fruit plus seasonings and sauce give it to the grill cooks they prepare your food on this giant grill,then give it to the waiter who then brings it to your tabl,it is so good,I go all the time,love it
I definitely like this place for a routine fast casual staple. It can use some improvement though. Fork was dirty. Lighting is too bright. Going a little dimmer would give a better ambience. Place was busy and food was fresh. Service was good. Their system and training showed. Sample spoons on the sauces were empty. Only had red cap soy sauce and not green.
Would never go back! VERY disappointed!
I have eaten at this location several times.  The food is delicious!  Well worth the price.  The daytime staff is great, but the evening staff is incompetent and lousy!!!
This is a choose your own adventure kind of restaurant.  How your food ends up tasting is mostly up to you.  They let you pile up your bowl as high as you want, so go ahead and mash some food down when you're stuffing it.

I was quite impressed with the amount of meats they had.  Chicken, pork, shrimp, beef, ham, turkey.  Big good sized shrimp too by the way.  I can't even remember all the meats.  Most stir-fry places have 3 or 4 meats, this place probably has close to 10.

The next station is seasoning.  There's about 12 options here as well.  I stuck with the cajun spices for the night.  Remember that just a couple of dashes is all you need.

Plenty of vegetables.  Tons of vegetables.  Mini corn, broccali, green beans, spinach, cabbage, pineapple, celery, mushrooms.  Tons of stuff.

Then the sauces.  I was recommended the Szechuan sauce by a friend and it was good.  I don't know what it is exactly....it's like a thin teriyaki sauce? No, that's not right.  I can't describe it.  In any case, it was good.  There was about 10 other sauces: "stir-fry" sauce, sweet and sour, teriyaki and more.  Unfortunately for someone who is watching their carbs, every single sauce is thickened up with wheat.

The last station is the "starches" which includes a few kinds of rice and a few kinds of noodles.  Tortillas was also an option.  I'm avoiding carbs where I can so I skipped out on this last option.  What really made me happy is that nobody made a big deal or cared about me skipping out on "filler" when I was doing the all-you-can-eat option.

With a soda and the all you can eat option, my total for one person before tip was $17.  It's not terribly expensive, but I'm not exactly impressed with the cost.
very nice..used to go to BD Mongolian all the time...but none in Vegas. *Womp Womp" Me and the wife tried Genghis Grill. Just like what I was used to. Food turned out good. At the time I wasn't impressed with the service. However I was told later the delays were related to a fund raiser for a school that was taking place. So I will have to go back soon. Food was good!! $3 more for unlimited eats!!!
I really like it here. Our server was helpful and showed my husband and I how the restaurant works. You get a bowl and are able to fill it up with as much meat and veggies you want at the bar/station. You also pick your spices the sauce and the starch. The food is practically cooked in front of you (if you hang around the grill). The price is very affordable and if you want all you can eat its an extra $3.  There was a fundraiser taking place durning our visit and even though it was busy the service was relatively fast. I'm looking forward to going again.
Pleasantly surprised and I trigger moreso than I expected. It's a step above Mongolian BBQ that I've had in the past. The selections are quite vast and the wide array of vegetables are super fresh. It's a yummy yet healthy option and filling for 10.99. $3 more and your bowl is bottomless but honestly I eat a ton and one bowl is good enough. 

Pile the veggies up high and don't be shy; they do cook down!
Had dinner here tonight.  I didn't really have high expectations of this place before trying it for the first time but afterwards I am now a big fan! All the staff were very attentive, my waiter Brett was friendly and checked in on me almost a little too much. Seriously though I received much better service here than I have at some of the premier restaurants on the strip. 

The food area was regularly cleaned and restocked. All the food was fresh looking and cooked thoroughly. Lots of choices when it came to meats, veggies and the sauces.  Only thing that kept me from giving this 5 stars was that when giving my uncooked bowl of food to grill master to cook, he asked what starch I wanted and I said brown rice.  When my food was cooked and delivered to me though, udon noodles had been given to me instead of brown rice.  I am not a picky eater and I was hungry and had dived right in. It actually took me a few bites to realize the error.  I'm not one to complain or send things back unless it's really a grievous error and I didn't want to go through the process of collecting everything again and waiting for it to be cooked so I just shrugged it off and kept on eating.  Big screen TV in there was nice as well as I dined alone tonight. 

Dinner bowls are $10.99 + drinks (alcohol is avail). You can pay $3 extra for a bottomless (all you can eat) bowl, but honestly if you pile your first bowl high enough, only football players in training should need to go back for seconds.  I will come back again
Dear Genghis Grill:

Be better. I really want to like you.

This would have been a four- or five-star review if we were just talking about food. But since the restaurant experience is more than that, I cannot overlook the consistently bad, astoundingly unacceptable service here.

I am not under the illusion that being a restaurant server is an easy job, but in the world of food service, waiting tables at a Mongolian restaurant is on the easier side of the industry, And yet probably about 80% of the time when I have been here, there has been some issue with the service.

In most cases, the issue is, people aren't where they're supposed to be, pretty much ever.

I have walked into the restaurant and waited at the podium for ten minutes waiting for someone to seat me. because the hostess was MIA.

I've stood at the empty grill for five minutes waiting for the cook to come back to take my food..

I've sat at the bar for 15 minutes waiting for the bartender to show up so I could order a takeout bowl.

I have sat staring at my cooked bowl sitting on the counter getting cold, counting the number of servers who walked past it.

I can't figure out if they're always understaffed, or just clueless. Nobody does their job.

I have been waiting for years and years for a Mongolian place to open in Vegas, and I'm on the verge of writing it off forever.

This isn't rocket science. There is simply no legitimate excuse for the service to be this bad at a restaurant where the task of serving food is so simple.

I do like the food here but I honestly can't recommend it based on the uniformly terrible service. I can overlook quite a bit in terms of restaurants but everything about the service experience here is just frustrating.

I'll be back once you get your sh** together.
Interesting to go to a Chain style grill place.

Price - 5 star - For lunch, you can fill up your little saucer for 8.99 and then add your choice of starch.  Makes for a nice lunch meal   For 2.00 more, you can have a second bowl or more.

Ambiance - 5 star - Clean organized, plenty of seating.  Roomy too.  

Food - 2 star - All very nice in presentation,  well cooled.  However, everything was very hard to get to, the plexiglass protection from your face to the food is so short that anyone over 5'10 has to bend over and stretch to get to the food.  Overall, very inconvenient, but large choice of meats, vege and sauces.

Cooked - 2 star This is very uninspired.  IT is grilled on the big hot grill like all Mongolian Grills are.  However, the taste just comes out "okay"  It isn't to die for, and is quite like having cafeteria food.  Decent, filling, and not bad.  Just not great.

Service - 4 star - everyone is very well trained, cordial, pleasant and it would be a five star, but there is not a lot to "serve" other than drinks, hot sauce and the bill.  

Overall, a nice clean and decent place to dine.  Just not really asian food. It is same as going to Panda Express for Chinese, or Taco Bell for "mexican".  Good for American Style, just not really authentic.

They have a nice bar, that is a plus for you Thirsty Dogs!
Hit Genghis few days ago with gf, and three others.  We were planning a "wild and crazy" night of bingo at the Sunset Station since the cash ball bonus was calling my name.  We get to the restaurant at 5:30 - place is busy so we opt to eat in the bar area.  Bingo is at 7 so this gives us sufficient time to go a few rounds , at least that's what we thought.  Bartender was attentive with the drinks, we even got lucky since there was an NFL game on so Happy Hour prices on beer.

Sadly, we get up to the food line and its 10 deep since they only have 1  buffet  line open.  we're told the 2nd line will open soon for the "dinner rush" - we're standing in line at about 5:45 - when does the rush begin ?  6?  7 ? Since the place is packed at 5:30 here's a crazy idea - open the 2nd line !!!

So we get through round one - only complaint on food - they were low on a few items and my usual complaint about the place - small bowls.  When we gave the bowl to the cook he asked if we wanted the food to go - we told him no.

So time for second round - it's 6:15 - we figure we have a 1/2 hour to get our food, eat then hit bingo.  This time, the line is about 15 deep - still only one line of food available - WTF !!!  I ask the guy re-filling to ingredients  who's the manager of the place, and he points to a guy manning the grill  - i'll share my concerns with him later.  In the meantime the line is moving at a snails pace.  And of course, i'm mid way filling my bowl when they OPEN THE SECOND LINE - thanks, thanks a lot !! 

Given time constraints, when they ask if we want it to go, we say yes.  By the time we get our food, we have 15 minute to pay and leave and get to bingo.  While getting our stuff together, i ask the bartender for our bill - put the $$ with 20% tip in the bill folder even though not pleased about the time issue and the BS of only one line.

The manager comes over to ask how everything went - i expressed my disappointment about the one food line - she advises they open the 2nd line when the place gets busy - THE PLACE WAS BUSY WHEN WE WALKED INTO THE RESTAURANT ... nice try ! She then informs us we cannot take the food to go since we got the bottomless bowl. She had to make the smart remark, It's posted in the restaurant - it might be - i didn't see it nor was i looking - THEN WHY HAVE THE COOK ASK IF WE WANT IT TO GO ?  THEY SHOULD ASK IF WE HAVE THE BOTTOMLESS OPTION, THEN ASK ABOUT TO-GO.

If we can't take it to go then bill us for the one bowl option !  Thankfully she agreed, otherwise, i was really going to lose it .  I get the bill folder and pull out the tip.

F U GENGHIS GRILL - YOU'VE LOST MY BUSINESS
First off, this place is good. The selection of meats are really unequivocally vast. You get get sausage, pepperoni, pork, beef, chicken, and for dinner scallops. You are prompted to start with a protein after getting your bowl from the hostess stand. From the meat stand you proceed to dry seasoning which I did not really notice in the end product because the final sauces you add to your separate sauce cup are so viscous they overpower the dry seasoning. After seasoning you pick your vegetable, of which there are many. They the afore mentioned sauces a next. There are again, many from which to choose, all made in house. They were good but they are very thick and slightly off putting. With your bowl piled high you walk up to the counter and select your starch, rice in several iterations and 2 noodle choices. I like that they add to starch so you do not have to cram it in the bowl.
Now the service. The hostess as someone mentioned was slow to appear and when she did she walked up to us with her head down and was writing something for like 2 mins before she acknowledged us, it was rather rude. We did have a good waitress though, how hard is bringing drinks? Also, the wait staff were rather chatty with each other and their giggling was sort of annoying and it seemed to take precedence over my food waiting at the counter being delivered to me.  In fact I was with someone and they and already gotten their food and were full into eating before my meal came, though it was ready. 
They do have a full bar and many different specialty drinks on their menu. I can for lunch though and I have no need to be bagged in the middle of the day.
Bottom line, the place was good and I will be back to see if they improve or deteriorate. Hopefully they will be better next time and I can give a better rating because they have a potential for a great rating.
Ughhh..

For the love of all things holy, do not go here. 

I'm a huge fan of all foods Asian, so of course I came here with my friend to try it since I recieved a coupon. I wish I went to Arbys instead. 
This is far from being good.  I mean really? Tortia chips as one of the carbs? This place is just a joke. Its like walking into a brighly lit apple bees but with none of the flavor. 

You cant pay me to go back here.
Love Mongolian BBQ, Love this place.  Everything is always fresh and has the best varitey of any I have been to.  Would have given it 5 stars if they had the traditional sesame and other cool oils....
A typical Mongolian BBQ place.  Nothing incredibly special but nothing terrible.  The only memorable part of our dinner was the company.  Compared to the place back home, it wasn't as good (and I didn't think that much of that place already).  Regardless, it was a decent--and cheaper than most places on the strip--place to fill our tummies before a night of drinking back on the strip.
The 1 star was for the food the rest was for the serves. I made the same bowl twice and it could not have been made more different by the cooks. Not to mention the fact they took my not even half eaten bowl while I was making the 2nd one. They say you go some where for the food you go back for the serves well I won't be back.
This place took forever - the whole wait staff was unprofessional and disgusting in appearance.  I wonder if they even wash their hands... The kitchen staff had nice clothes and wore a smile.  It took 40 minutes to get our food! The food was semi decent but not up to par... Bummer!
never going back! they're chefs cannot cook.
although I did enjoy the whole concept of building your own dish. 
The staff was terrible as well. They had no personality, and showed little interest to my dinning needs. DON'T GO HERE!
Terrible food! I've been to better Mongolian grills at a mall than this place. 
You get small not very clean looking metal bowls that you have to cram your food selection into while trying not to throw your back out reaching like a contortionist for those back row items. The quality of the food is poor, the cooking is random, service is hit & run. 2 of us ate halfway through our less than mediocre bowls while one of us sat waiting for their bowl to come out. I ordered mine with the "fried rice"...most disgusting brown colored steamed (not fried) rice that tasted like it sat all day long waiting for a sucker like me to order it.
For a week night dinner...3 bowls and 3 drinks with tip, our bill came to $50...WTF?! I could have gone across the street to Tony Roma's if I wanted to spend that!
My stomach & wallet have banned this place for me.
Mongolian BBQ Time

As my husband woke up today one of the first things out of his mouth was "I'm hungry"! I responded with we have this and we have that...but nothing was going to satisfy his craving except some mongolian bbq. I haven't ate any mongolian bbq in years, mainly because of food crossing other food. So, if you have any food allergies this could be dangerous. But my issue is with sesame seed oil, its a big trigger for my migraines. And being 8 months pregnant, well...I could go without the hassle of a migraine! As you could imagine my excitement about lunch was that of going to the doctors, but I sucked it up with a smile on my face.

As we walked into Genghis Grill we were greeted by the friendly staff. The place was clean and had a good atmosphere. Our server was nice and showed us how to build the bowls. She also asked if we had any allergies...so nice to know that they care about their customers. I was amazing at how organized and clean the food station was. The meat, vegetable, spice and sauce assortment was amazing, way better then any other mongolian bbq I've been too before! You have the choice of creating your own mix or taking a recipe off the wall. I chose shrimp, fish, cabbage, pineapple, mushroom, tomatoes, green & red peppers, bamboo shoots, snow peas and some great sauces! A little tip, press the vegetables down as you add more, otherwise you won't be able to fit everything you want in the bowl! When we got to the grill, the cook asked again if we had any allergies! Wow, thank you so much for asking that Genghis Grill grill cook!!! The grill cook will also ask if you want steamed rice, brown rice, noddles, spiral noddles or tortillas shells. I love all the different varieties of this place!

As we sat and waited for our food, it gave us a better chance to look over the menu. They have appetizers, desserts and a nice selection of beverages. By the time I was done reviewing the menu, the server brought us our food. Be fore warned...food is very hot when it comes off the grill!! I burnt my tongue, so don't be tempted to dig right in! After my tongue felt better and the bowl cooled off, I was able to taste my creation. Mine was delicious and my husband said his was pretty good as well! For an extra few dollars you can make your bowls unlimited, not that you really need too! Mine was filling enough but my husband had to try it again! After finishing my bowl and watching my husband eat his second, I decided to try some of their desserts. A nice  piece of pineapple cake. This was no ordinary pineapple cake, it had layers of cake and a type of cheese filling layers with a piece of pineapple in the middle. It was super yummy and the side of vanilla ice cream it came with, only made it that much better!!

So, as an over all experience...I'd say...I'll be back soon to eat more!! If you are lucky enough to have one of these in your area and you haven't tried it yet, you should! You don't know what your missing!! 

http://inapplesworld.blogspot.com/
Today was my LAST time going to this restaurant!!!!  The food was horrible. I had a to go order, which was messed up, I asked for rice and noodles and got a box full of noodles. Thank goodness I checked my food before leaving. The manager offered a free bowl, I made another bowl, I guess I should have checked that one too, needless to say, when I got home my food was again messed up. It looked horrible, it was soo dry I couldn't eat it. This is not my first bad experience at this restaurant, but it is definitely my LAST. Oh, did I mention I waited over 20  minutes for the first order?  I really wanted to like this place but it just didn't happen. I'm willing to give any place a second try and I did, but this was the third strike, the second time my food was given to another customer. So I'm done.
Awful! Rude waiters, dirty dishes, served lettuce wraps with holy butter lettuce with hot meat on them?! 2 regrets, that I didn't check Yelp reviews first & honestly, I would have been happier with Arby's next door!!
The only reason I am giving a 2 is the server was amazing. 

The food is horrible. Nowhere near a real Mongolian grill. I did see an wide selection of food the shove in that tiny bowl ( wich was dirty ). There were no oils to cook the food in. There was no way to cook  the flavor in the meat. Everything came out bland. The udon noodles tasted like spaghetti so my first bowl tasted like a wanna be Asian pasta dish. I tried a second bowl to see If maybe I did something wrong. I spiced the crap out of the meat with the dry ingredients and filled the little ramekin up with the sauces I thought would go well and tried rice. It came out bland and kinda tasted like the first bowl. It was just a horrible experience. I will not go back.
Coming from the Mid-west I was very used to BD's Mongolian BBQ, which is a very similar format to Genghis Grill.

I am very set on what I create (Steak, carrots, pasta, bbq sauce in a tortilla) and this place always satisfies my craving.  Becoming a member of the rewards club gets you very nifty discounts.  One time I paid $24 for an app, two soft drinks, two bowls and dessert!

The only downside on my past few visits has been the service.  Anytime this place gets busy it seems like the service goes down hill.  I seem to never get my tortillas with my bowl and the wait staff has inconsistent.

I did notice they added a Coca-Cola refresh machine which gives you the option to get your own drink so you are never thirsty.  4-stars manly because of the food!
You decide on the ingredients, they cook it. It's as simple as that. But even better, the service by an excellent staff is top notch. Our kids especially LOVED Genghis Grill.
So you go through the usual buffet kind of line to fill your bowl and then give it to the cook at the end.   The problem: There is no one tending the "buffet" and almost every thing was empty.  The chicken and beef bins were empty.  There was plenty of ham and pepperoni (what?).  The broccoli, bean sprouts, baby corn, onion and tofu bins were also empty.  We complained about it, and the staff said sorry, but did not do anything about it.  Boooo.
I've been coming here since the first week they opened. We would dine there about once a week. After my last 3 visits (all on weeknights) I'm not sure I will come back. The food is pretty good, the assistant manager is very sweet, and my kids love it there but I just don't have this kind of time! The first time I had a problem was because they had a large fundraiser night going on. The kitchen and staff seemed to be working full force, and they did their best, but it was just too long to wait for this kind of food.  The next time you ask? A pretty crowded restaurant, only one side of the food bar was open, and all our food came out at different times. We were in there for 1 1/2 hours and still took my husband's food to go because it got "lost" for a while. That's a ridiculous amount of time for this kind of restaurant. A table next to us finished before us and came in at least an hour after we did. Ok GG...I'll give you one more chance...we've had a long good run...maybe you had an off night. We return the next week to find more of the same. It really wasn't super busy so everything went smoothly until we waited for our food. Once again in came out in pieces despite the fact that we all turned our bowls in at the same time. My 7 year old had to wait for 20 minutes while watching everyone else at the table eat. Ever met a 7 year old girl? I'm sure you can imagine the drama stemming from that one! Just for the record, I did offer her mine but she wanted the one SHE made...thank God because I'm not sure if I could have powered down her pepperoni, krab, and ham bowl :x. I'm sorry GG...it was great while it lasted but...it's you...not me...I just don't have time for this relationship anymore.
We were shopping across the street when we got a big whiff. A strong smell of onions and meat came wafting down to entice us in to have some mongolian bbq for the first time. We followed our noses and went and got seated in this busy place. That is surely a good sign. WRONG! 

The server asked us if we had been there before to which we both answered "no". She handed us our menus and really tried her hardest to explain how the operation went down, but she was a little tongue tied. Can't fault her for it. Who knows how many times a day she has to repeat the process to newbies like us. So she tells us how it works as we peruse the menu. 

Most of the menu is quite unnecessary as we went and got everything for ourselves anyway. Why was there a section that displayed drinks when we had to go and get drinks for ourselves in one of those newer Coca Cola machines where there seems to be a millon different selections? That is the only good thing about that place unfortunately. The only thing the menu really should be is an appetizers menu. There were about 3 extra pages that could have been eliminated. 

After ordering some chicken potstickers we were on our way. We went up with our bowls and got in line to pick our ingredients. Some of it looked suspicious. I thought it would be rude to put my head in and sniff for myself if the seafood or chicken went bad. I tried to play it safe and went with beef. I added a multitude of spices, garlic, salt, pepper, etc. to my mix. I was anticipating good things because the smells that were all around were promising. We got up to the place where they take our raw bowl and cook it for us. I decided on the spiral pasta. We got some drinks and sat down. I understand there were others ahead of us in line. I understand it was busy. I understand that Sunday nights are not the best time to get speedy service. This was taking forever! My boyfriend got his food first. It smelled good, but it seemed to be "barely" cooked all the way. He is not one to complain so he ate it anyway. My food came about 15 minutes AFTER his. Even though I was right behind him in line. My food was also barely cooked. The pasta was very bland. Even though I filled my little 'cup' of stir fry sauce up to the top it was not enough. Most of my food tasted like plain noodles with hits of flavor every now and again. Immediately after eating I felt sick. I know it was the meat. We were never checked on. I had to track down our server to find out about our potstickers that never came. She acted surprised. She asked us if we still wanted them. I said yes. I wouldn't have ordered something I don't want. It was a mistake. I should have said no. They came out rushed. She must have forgot to put the order in and was rushing the cooks. The skin was not fully cooked and was like uncooked pasta. Crunchy. Blech!!! Never again. No apology about the late appetizers. Just dumped it on the table and left. Not happening. We learned our lesson. We should have read the Yelp reviews before wasting our time and money (and my squeamishness) .
Genghis Grill has figured out a way for their servers to do absolutely nothing. Already there was no real "kitchen" for them to maneuver, and now they don't even serve water...you get it yourself. They were also out of straws on the day I recently went. Really? You're completely out of STRAWS? Not even for the fishbowl drinks you have? That's a mark of poor management not keeping simple necessities like straws in order. 

I was sort of in a love affair with Genghis Grill when I first moved here, but really, it is not that good. They have cut so many corners since then that it's not even fun to eat here. I want full baby corns, dammit, not cut up that I can barely taste it or get it on my fork. 

I would rather have Panda Express or Pei Wei than this crapola. Pass.
My wife loves this joint , but every time we go (3x's total) the service is pretty sub-par...I dig the whole concept of "building your own bowl" but when that place gets a little busy they get less productive (behind the grill and in the floor)...the only plus about the joint I can say is that they have that bad-ass beverage machine that lets you go wild and release you're inner mixologist !!...food's decent tho service could be better tho.
Awesome! Amazing protein choices! Flavor was fantastic and service was great. Can't wait to go back!
I'm so glad businesses are going up near where I live, instead of places a bit far out. I like Genghis Grill especially because I can choose exactly what I want in my bowl and I don't have to say I want this, but hold that.  I decide!  

When you're seated, empty bowls are brought to you and you fill it up with whatever you want- meats vegetables, spices and you pour sauce into the little cup, take it to the counter, tell them what kind of starch you want, then wait for your concoction.  I must say, my creation was good the first time around.  


Our server was very helpful in telling my family how the whole process works, and he took them to the line to show them.  He also checked back with us several times, to see how we liked the food.  One night we went for my mom's birthday and he gathered other fellow employees and they sang to her.  

They have mini machines at the table where you can order from. They can be helpful as they eliminate the wait time of the server standing there while you decide what drink to order, or whatever the case may be.  When you're ready, enter it on the tablet.  When I came with a friend, drinks were ordered and our guy still came out to see who ordered what and to check ID's.  

I only have one objection.  While going through the line, food droppings sit on the counter and on the floor.  And not like there's a bit here a bit there, it's all the way down the line.  I guess that's to be expected, but if the employees did a clean sweep every now and then, the counter would look so much better.

All in all, I love eating here, and I've only been here twice.  The price isn't bad at all, considering that you can pile high for cheap.  My meal was less than $11 and I went home satisfied.  You can get endless for a few bucks more.  Lunch price isn't a break in the bank either.  If you get a Genghis card and rack up points, you get a free bowl on the 10th point (bowl).  Also, on your birthday you get a free bowl!  I'll be back!
The food here is great but the service sucks. You have to wait a long time for everything. We waited 35 minutes to be seated on a Wednesday night. Then we waited another 10 minutes for our server to appear. Then stood in line another 12 minutes to get the stuff for the grill. Our food was served after 15 minutes. We were gonna do bottomless but our server was nowhere to be found. When she finally showed up we were so annoyed with all the waiting that we just asked for the check instead. We wanted to be fair so we gave this place another chance. Went back on a Monday night, same story. Never coming back again. I can get the same quality of food with more efficient service somewhere else.
Omg.. Great food..
Definitely definitely definitely try genghis!

4 stars is for service..
Wait staff is awesome..

My last trip there I had an employee ignoring my girlfriend who clearly needed help reaching an ingredient that was difficult to get to..
And the guy who asks which starch you would like kind of yells like the soup nazi if you're not ready with an answer when you step to the counter..

If I have a different experience next time, I'll update this review..

Do not read this and decide not to go.. I absolutely recommend them.. 
My constructive criticism is to help them better the business..

Definitely go try it though.. Best meal you'll have all week!
I had never done mongolian bbq before and I really enjoyed it !

You fill up bowls of frozen/uncooked meat and veggies and sauces and then they cook it for you on a giant wok or steam table thing and add rice or noodles .

The shredded beef  & the signature 3G sauce was the bomb! 

I made mine way too spicy (my own fault for going crazy with the cayenne) but it was still so delicious! 

& They had 16 oz shock top for like $4 which were tasty too 

& our waiter Brett was so nice we loved him
Short answer: No. Just no...

Long answer:

My husband and I have a sort of love affair with Mongolian BBQ. There's a place in Sacramento that we go to every time we're there while visiting family and it is awesome. Nothing like this place. 

The service is lacking. I'm not entirely sure what the servers are even there for, really. You get your own drinks, you make your own meals, and you can wait for your own food to be finished cooking (like any other normal Mongolian BBQ place). 

We were given the run down by the server and set on our way. The buffet area where you make your selections was filthy. Completely filthy. The veggies were either empty, close to it, or totally mixed in with one another. The floor next to the sauces was so sticky, the sole of my sandals stuck to the floor when I tried to pick up my foot to walk. 

The sauces are more like marinades. They are THICK. And they ask you to not put them on your meat/veggies, but in a little cup on the side, because they can caramelize on the grill because of the sugar content. We've been to a few different Mongolian BBQ places (the aforementioned one in Sacramento and another in North Carolina to name a couple), and we've never been asked to do this. Mostly because the sauces are more liquid and apparently have much less sugar than the Genghis Grill stuff. And they don't appear to cook the sauces with your food, which is totally annoying! I want lots of sauce and I want it cooked into my noodles. 

When you get up to the counter, the cooks will ask you what kind of starch you want.  You can pick from the Udon noodles, fried rice, spiral macaroni, and tortillas... What? Spiral macaroni and tortillas...? Okay. Whatever. We hand our food off and they give us our numbers so our server can bring us our food when it's ready. 

It took TWENTY MINUTES to get our first bowl. I've never had this happen anywhere before. Mongolian BBQ takes like 5 minutes to cook up. We still don't know what happened. 

It was okay. We had opted for the bottomless before the first bowl, because we love our food and figured why not?, so we went back for a second try. There's always a learning curve at a new place anyway. Everyone has different sauces and ways to mix things. 

I wish we wouldn't have. We didn't even get a quarter of the way through our second bowls. They were so bad. There was no right way to do this. The meat was poor quality, the sauces were not good, and the veggies were lacking.
Stopped in for dinner tonight.  I'm never sure how to rate a place where you make most of your dinner yourself.  I give myself and the chef who heated up my food high scores, but the restaurant could have made it a little easier for a short person like me to get to the ingredients.  I found myself nearly laying on the ingredients to reach in the back.  Overall a nice enough dinner.
This place was a disappointment. Overpriced, especially considering you basically make your own meal. Service isn't fantastic, and it's a boring atmosphere. I won't be returning.
Genghis Grill usually has good food for very expensive prices. The service is usually lackluster, and don't make the servers mad. Last time I went and asked for a new server, she went back to the cooks and told them to spit in my families food (the cooks told us after). Good food, but be careful
Worst 15 dollars that I have ever spent and that was just for lunch. Let me explain.

I come in on a Wednesday around 11:30 am. I am greeted by the host and shown to a table. Since I have never been here before, I am briefed on the process of getting my food. They give you two of what appears to be small dog food bowls and a small dipping sauce type of cup. One bowl you put in veggies and the other meat. For the dipping sauce type of cup, yup you guessed it, different sauces to mix in to your choices when it is being cooked.

Once you are done selecting your choices, you go up to the counter and hand it off to whoever is there that will cook it on the big circular flat top grill. You have to specify what kind of carb you want cooked with your ingredients like brown rice, noodles, etc. Then when its done cooking, your server will  bring it out to your table.

Now what I just described doesn't sound bad now does it? What im about to break down for you should convince you not to come here or at least if you try it, you will be uttering, "Oh, that's what Roger T was talking about in his review."

First off, you have two options to decide before you start eating. Single trip or all you can eat. Prices are as follows: Lunch 8.99. Dinner 10.99. Add 4 dollars more to do the all you can eat option. By the way, it used to be 3 dollars.

Since I was really hungry and planned on making multiple trips to get my money's worth, I chose the 13 dollar all you can eat. That is just for the food yall. Drinks are not included. I decided just to have water.

So I do my thing and try to cram as much meat and veggies into my bowls. Their meat and veggie choices all seem to be housed in tiny containers which makes you feel like a pig if you are trying to get a lot of a certain meat or veggie. By the way, the only difference between lunch and dinner is for dinner you get calamari and scallops. That's great news you say? Well, based on what I have seen, I wouldn't be surprised if these were tiny little cut up pieces.

I sit down and wait for my food. After about 5 minutes later, I received it in a weird odd sized bowl/plate? When I see my food, I swear I thought I put a lot of veggies and especially meat since I am a carnivore. What you gotta understand is when all these items you select are grilled together, they shrink a lot. 

After I finished my bowl, I was ready to go and grab some more food. This is where the deception is because in order for you to go up and get more food, you have to tell your server exactly that and they will go get you new bowls. This is where you will notice the difference between these guys and other traditional Mongolian Grills. The ones im familiar with, you grab your own bowls and do your thing. The only waiting you do is for the cooking. Not these guys. Sometimes it takes a while for the server to come around just so you can ask for more bowls. Then you have to wait for them to come back with your bowls. Then you have to wait for it to be cooked. When it gets done cooking, it sits on the counter until your server picks it up and puts it on your table.

So you see this is where my gripe is. By the time I came around to my third serving, I was starting to feel that full feeling which doesn't make sense because at other places, I can easily go through 3 servings and not feeling full at all. The process that you have to go through to get your food, whatever you ate prior is starting to settle which gives you the im not hungry feeling any more. 

My total bill came up to about 14 and some change. I put 15 bucks on the table and walked away. My server was slow in everything. Don't get me wrong. Its not like I was in a rush but at the same time I don't have all day. I think this place is a scam. Their process purposely slows everything down so you don't get to eat as much as you really want. The day I went, it didn't get really busy until about 12. When it gets really busy, you will have to wait even longer in between each serving. 

So you see, it really isn't worth it to eat here whether you choose all you can eat or not. I recommend going to the Fiesta Buffet just up the street off of Lake Mead for their Mongolian Grill. Lunch is 7 bucks and dinner is 10 bucks with a player card. You not only get two big bowls to put ingredients in, but the only time you wait is when it is being cooked. Plus they have other choices there and not just the Mongolian. Its not the best but it sure as hell beats out these guys. This also will prompt me to check out Stir Krazy Mongolian Grill on Paradise Rd since I heard good things about them.
I liked this place the 3 times I went... I made my meal: flavor profiles, mixed textures, and overall combination of ingredients.  I found the grill cooking to be good and my choices made the meal taste wonderful.  It was Bennihanna with a kick, all fresh foods, and my choices
There's only one thing I can say about this place... It sucks.

The food was okay, but it took forever for them to cook it... Not a pleasant experience.
Lettuce wraps are killer
this place is hit & miss every time we go there, don't go there and expect good service you will most likely get ok service at best...The food selection is great as long as they don't burn it, we are a family of three and sure enough EVERY TIME we have gone there one of us has gotten our food burned by the cooks, then it's a real pain in the arse to get your food re-done and by then the rest of the family is done and waiting..Bottom line, usually bad service along with 1 out of 3 meals being burt..=1 star..I will say this if you ignore the waitress and they don't burn your food it's a pretty good meal..
I give it three stars, because I believe the beef can be "truly marinated," to give it more flavor. The taste is added with all the sauces and spices, but my palate can still taste the blandness of the meat. 

I will still go back again and again because my kids love the experience of fixing their own bowls with each individual ingredient. The atmosphere and experience is what people keep returning here, again and again. For the price and selection of food bowls, I believe its a good place to stop by when you are hungry.
It was what i expected make your own food, how can that be bad?
Genghis Grill is one of my boyfriend's and my favorite restaurants. We have been to GG in MANY states (because there isn't one in California), and they are all usually pretty great. This one is a little slower than others we have been to, but they are really good on customer service. The first time we went there, the guy was so shocked that we came all the way from Los Angeles JUST to have GG he gave us 2 free deserts. Yes, we came from California. Don't judge us! :) Anyway, it's a standard GG here. It's not the best one we have been to, but it's sufficient. I would say the slow service is the reason for minus 1 star, and since we have been to so many GGs, we know what a good one is, and what a bad one is :)
I see all these bad reviews and I am wondering if I went to the same place!?! I mean, its create your own bowl, if you don't like it, it's kinda YOUR OWN FAULT! 
Ok so this is a Mangolian style bbq place where you load up your raw ingredients and then give it to a chef to cook. The options are endless. Chicken, steak, pork, ham, sausage, turkey, fish, shrimp, calamari, crab (imitation), and I am sure I missed something. Then you hit veggies. Stir fry, classic, pretty much everything you could think of. Then sauce. Kung Pao, Teryiaki, Curry, sweet, spicy, you name it! I think there are 8 different ones. You also have numerous spices, and herbs to add. If you can't decide, there are recipe card suggestions like Firecracker shrimp, Teriyaki Bowl, and Kung Pao chicken. For $11.99 you can fill your bowl once, if you are still hungry, add $4 for AYCE. Pile your bowl high because the veggies do decrease when they cook. Also, there are 3 appetizers. Lettuce wraps, edamame, and pot stickers. I prefer the potsticker, cooked well. 
They have a full bar that I have yet to take advantage of. The servers don't do much, but they are always treating us like gold. Until this place shows a bad health grade, I will continue to be a regular here.
Went here again (7/5) to get my birthday bowl. GG corporate is pretty awesome and they extended my bday bowl a ways to let me get my bday bowl when we were in the area. Props to them for that. There seems to be a wait almost everytime we go there, but this time my veggies were cooked perfectly and my sauce was almost perfect (I put too much salt..dang) but overall it was a great $16 for 2! Love you GG!!
I've been to many mongolian bbq places all over the country but this was not mongolian bbq. It tasted like a poor excuse for a fajita. None of the "sauces" had the right flavor and even the suggested combinations were terrible. I do not recommend this place to anyone. Especially if you have ever had real mongolian bbq. It was a real disappointment.
My husband and I walked in here at 6:15. Not very busy and plenty of servers working. The hostess sat us right away and told us the waitress would be right with us. We sat for almost 10 minutes without being acknowledged and had multiple employees walk past us the whole time. We walked out and are now going to Pei Wei. -1 star for us now smelling like the place for no reason.
A very good place if you like to pick what goes in to your meal....i love it
I actually really like this place. I love the fact that you can choose your own ingredients which are really good quality and they have soda machines that are really fun because you can make different combinations. We even got the tuxedo bomb dessert and it was really good!
They have 3 appetizers and we tried all three:  chicken lettuce wraps, chicken potstickers, and garlic citrus edamame. I really liked the lettuce wraps and edamame.

For $10, you get to build your ow Mongolian BBQ bowl.  They give you a silver bowl oand a side cup for your sauce. You first pick your meats: natural chicken breast, pork loin, marinated white fish, pepperoni, ham, turkey breast, sausage,marinated steak, sliced beef, shrimp, scallops, calamari. Then you season your protein with salt, pepper, garlic, ginger, cayenne, etc. Then you top it with your choice of vegetables. I wish there was more room for vegetables, because they shrink when you stir fry them. Then, you select a sauce (all MSG-free.)  The Honey Soy sauce was good.  Then, you bring your bowl to the grill and let them know your choice of: steamed rice, fried rice, brown rice, udon noodles, pasta, flour tortillas.

Drinks are separate. You go to the drink machine and there's a huge selection of flavored soda, etc.

Some of the meat was a little hard, but overall, the flavors were pretty good. And the service was excellent!
Many different choices!! All of what you want... Plenty of different meats, spices, veggies & sauces. Make your own creations. Get a Genghis card & earn free bowls the more you go!! Great food & great staff!!!
The servers were inattentive. I didn't like not knowing what flavors the sauces really had. I did think their options for the grill were decent. The prices were a little higher than I thought they should be. Overall it was just okay.
Soybeans and lettuce wraps are pretty yummy. It's a like scary the first time you go because you have no one to blame but yourself if you don't like your food considering your the one who adds all your contents from meat, veggies, spices, and sauces. You then let the chefs know what starch you want and they give you a number to put at your table. It's cooked pretty quickly and brought to you. It's a different experience that I think was enjoyable for the whole family.
The food here is okay. However if you are on any sort of time frame don't come here. It took us approximately 40 minutes for us to get our food. Also if you expect to be waited on don't come here. You get your own drinks, build your own food and pay at the table. The only interaction I had with any employee was to be seated, when we asked where our food was, and when our food arrived. Nothing beyond that. This visit was a disappointment.
I ate here last year & forgot just how much I love this place! You create your own dish however you like. Select your type of meat from chicken to crab to beef to turkey or more. Select whatever veggie you like including some fruits. Choose your seasoning/s & sauce/s then your choice of carbs (noodles, rice, etc). Pile it up as high as you like! Pass it on to the chef & they make it for you & have it served to you at your table. You can def end up making 2 meals out of your one meal you've made. The food is so delicious! You can actually order your food from your table as well via their mini IPads. 

This is def a place you have to check out as it is alot of bang for your buck, healthy as much as you like it, & VERY tasty & if it's not well guess you should remove some items for next time since you're the creator. Too bad there isn't one closer to where I live
Always have a great experience at Genghis Grill! Was greated by four people when I came in, continuously checked on, and even checked on by four different people!  Everyone is always so nice, helpful and polite! 5 stars for customer service! Oh, and my bowl was perfect too!
This is my Husband's favorite spot. It's a bit pricey, but worth it. Genghis is a Mongolian grill. They give you a bowl to stack all your items in. You start with your protein: they have chicken, turkey, pork, beef, sausage, ham, shrimp, fish, crab, scallops, and pepperoni. Then you spice your protein. They have all kinds of spices. Everything from salt to ginger. Next you pick your veggies and wow do they have veggies!! All the things sprouts, peppers, potatoes, tofu, onions, eggs, mushrooms..ect. Now it's time to pick your sauce. They again have several to pick from: they have a honey soy, their signature sauce called 3G sauce, a spice sauce called Dragon sauce. It also tells you the heat level on them. Now you go over to the grill where the chef will ask you to pick your starch. They have brown rice, white rice, fried rice, udon noodles (my favorite) , spiral noodles and tortillas. Now they take ALL your things and cook it on a huge flat top grill! You can stand and watch or sit at your table. If one bowl just isn't enough for you they also have a bottomless option for a few bucks more.

They have a full bar or you can get your own drinks at their super cool coke freestyle machines. You can mix any flavor and soda you want. Plus unlimited refills. 

Genghis also has appetizers and desserts, but I've never tried them. I always see people order the pot stickers. 

A cool thing about Genghis is they have table side ordering system. Each table has a little computer where you can place your order and pay! It's very convenient. 

Their staff is nice and friendly, but if your in a hurry this is not the place to go. It can take some time to get your bowl if there are a lot of people there. Overall no real complaints. The food is yummy and it's fun to pick all the things that go in your meal. Also, very healthy and a great place for kids. On Tuesday's kids eat free with an adult. Plus, on your birthday you get a birthday bowl for free if you join their email club.
Absolutely love this place! When you have that hunger that nothing seems to satisfy come here. At Genghis Grill you create your own bowl and are the architect of your entire meal. You can decide between 10 or so different types of meat, then go on to season them accordingly. After you move on to the vegetables and believe me you want to stack them as high as you can. Finally they offer you about 15 different choices of sauces as well as a few different starches such as rice, noodles etc. The bowls come out steaming hot and delicious. For those who are more bold they offer an endless bowl in which you can go up and refill as many times as you want. Overall this place is awesome, both food and service are excellent.
Seriously?!?! I don't know if I should attribute the deliciousness to my seasoning  or to them for being so brilliant with the concept and execution?!
I wish we had one closer to home. For now I only come here for lunch. It's a casual setting but also good as a dinner spot!
I haven't even begun to tap into the many possibilities of the bowls I can create. I'll be coming back!
Build it yourself and pack as much into that little bowl as humanely possible!!!!
So, I must admit...I've never been to any other Mongolian grill. I know, shame on me. What kind of Yelper am I?! Even so, from what I've heard and read...this isn't the place to go for a Mongolian grill experience. I've been here a handful of times and it just seems to get worse every single time.

For the most part everyone who's been here or somewhere similar, you know how it works. But I was here this past weekend and watched 4 different tables get seated without anyone asking if they'd been there before or know what to do. Customers just stand there confused until someone comes back and for the restaurant, that's ridiculous. Sure, it's not hard to figure out but if you've never been anywhere like it, I imagine that's a frustrating experience. I hate their customer service for many other reasons so maybe my opinion is a little biased, but they definitely need to train the employees better. They don't explain anything to anyone, including the fact they you need to go get your own drink. 

When it comes to the food, it's fun being able to pick your own stuff and make your own creations but like others have mentioned, they are always out of stuff. Then when it's busy and only one line is open, the whole entire experience just goes out the window because it feels so rushed. Also, I'm not sure if it's a health reason or what...but why is all the stuff so far away from the counter? I have to bend down and reach under that tiny area to get to items in the back. It's all just very annoying to me. The food is okay but I think they overcook everything, again, maybe for health reasons? The meats themselves always seem to be dry and chewy. If you get egg, it's almost like a fried egg that someone forgot to pull off the stove. There's just nothing spectacular.

I think it'll be a while before I go back. The service is crap, the food is mediocre at best and it's expensive. For 3 adults and kid to eat, it cost about $50 without the "all you can eat". When it comes down to it, I just don't see this experience or food being worth that much!
A place you want to be good but it just isn't.  The nightmare begins when you sit down and receive the twenty minute introductory lesson on how to put meat into a bowl.  Then follows the tour of the 8 foot buffet line.  After making your first bowl and waiting another 20 minutes to have it cooked, expect to wait some more for your waitress to bring you your next bowl.  It's not a hard concept, yet they've mastered the art of FAILURE.
Great food..our server Jenn was awesome. It was our first time there and she explained everything. Good value!
Stir fry selection is great.  They have everything from steak to fish to scallops.  The only downfall is during dinner rush it can take a long time to have your food prepared.
I'm not sure why a couple people have been giving bad reviews, maybe they came in on an off day. Or jus not that into mongolian stir fry. Not sure but my experince was awesome i loved it here and definitely coming here again. Getting your own drinks i don't mind that i mean how many of us have been to a restaurant and waited several minutes for a refill? Thats why i prefer getting my own drink not to mention making up for own bowl. Yes this is a bit of wait time but you have to keep in mind that if ther are other people infront of you,your going to have to wait your turn. Other then that your getting it fresh off the grill. You have a vast varieties of meats veggies sauces spices so you can mix it up every one in awhile i see nothing wrong with that. This place is great i do recommend this place. Great food and at an awesome price too!
Used to like coming here. Every time i'm on this side of town i'd make plans to stop for lunch. Never had an issue. This current visit was sad. My husband and I each ordered rice for our starch and there was only HALF of what we were used to getting. The portion was so small that we left hungry. When we asked a server what was up with portion sizes she said people had been complaining that there was too much starch. Huh? Too much? Well now theres not enough to even fill up a normal person! 

I doubt we'll be back 

At this point i'd rather frequent green valleys buffet for Mongolian bbq.
Not your typical Mongolian Grill, this place is great, why? Because you make the menu! They have a wide array of items to put in your bowl. Well that sounds quite typical of a Mongolian Grill! I heard someone say. Ok so here is the not typical part: They have things not normally found at a Mongolian Grill such as Pepperoni! I should also mention the incredible selection of sauces. They also have a great loyalty club! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Hands down the best service we have had in Vegas in a long time. Food was delicious and the manager and wait staff were fantastic!
Good amount of ingredients, long wait, and small amount of food. This place is o-k, for 9$ I could get full anywhere else. But the tablet ordering device was really cool, and so was my server. Try it out !
Always solid.. However they didn't have all the sauces and didn't seem to want to replace them. Seems service is slacking as well since they got those touch screens.
I've tried this place twice and each time the anticipation was greater than the end result.  

The idea is so exciting because the possibilities seem endless.  You can pay for unlimited meals or just one, but either way it seems a little expensive for what you get.  They give you 2 bowls - one for your food and a smaller one for your sauce.  You build your meal by going through a buffet line and choosing your meat(s), veggies, seasoning, and sauce.  You can pile it high to the point of overflowing or you can keep it small.  Tip: the veggies really shrink when cooked so your bowl will look a lot emptier when it comes back to you.  Fill accordingly.  Then you choose your starch (rice, pasta, noodles, etc.) when you get up to the grill.  

The line is the real issue at this place.  If there's more than one person ahead of you, prepare to move through at a glacial pace.  As people mull over the options, or if they are out of something that someone wants and you need to wait for the employees to refill it, you WILL. NOT. MOVE.  It's horrible!  

I've tried a few of the sauces and the only one worth a damn to me is their 3G sauce - their basic one that they say goes with everything.  

I do like their soda machines (the type that you can choose any drink and add flavors).  They also have a full bar so you can grab cocktails with your meal.  

I guess it could be a good place if no one is there when you are and you find your favorite sauces/combos.  But to me, it's not cheap enough/good enough to deal with the line.  If I want mongolian grill and feel like waiting on a line, I'll pay less money and go to Green Valley's Feast Buffet.
I don't know why everyone is complaining.   The food is good for the price.  Especially when you do the unlimited for $4 more.  We had excellent service.   The wait staff was more than attentive then some other places we've been.  It's not fancy but food and service were above par.
I love Genghis Grill. I first tried it when I was in Texas. Unfortunately, there aren't any close to me, so we try to go to the one in Henderson when we're in Vegas. We went Sunday and once again, we weren't disappointed. Everything was delicious and the staff was friendly. I believe out server's name was Brett ( I apologize if that's wrong) he was very friendly and attentive. I love the fact that you can fill up your bowl with whatever YOU want. So for all the reviewers that complained about how the food tasted, you are the only one to blame. You get to pick everything in your meal all the way down to the sauce. And don't complain about not liking any of the sauces, they provide tasting spoons so u can try them before committing. Genghis Grill is great! Everyone should try it at least once!
I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times the food was just fine and service was good, albeit a little slow during dinner. My only complaint is the last time we went (and perhaps it was just that time) there was no music, no volume on the TVs, nothing to help drown out your neighbors' annoying conversations. If it's crowded enough, I suppose this could slide since everybody would just drown out everyone else. However, when it's quiet it's  hard to ignore that really loud person three tables away who feels his/her life is so fascinating that the whole world must hear about it! Or, maybe they're deaf in one ear. In any case, if Ghenghis Grill turned on some music, talk show radio, ANYTHING I think it would help with the ambience, and the unintentional eavesdropping.  Otherwise, food is great, service is good, restaurant is clean, and I'd definitely return (with headphones, just in case).
So after years of memorizing the menu at Yummm........ my niece's favorite spot to catch up with her aunt, she suggested Genghis Grill.  *Blink, blink* really? the loyal to a T clucks & fries with speckled lemonade, grown up into specialty burgers or salad with a bar item girl cheating on 'our' favorite place?  Hmm.... interesting.

When I looked at the outside, I thought 'Oh, upscale Panda' chain and got ready to be disappointed but,  once inside and versed in the 'how to's'  I love the concept.  Their 'table gadget' was interesting.  My niece worked it like a pro. Each person gets to pick their bowl items, sauces, and spices and the waitress said if I didn't like the bowl created they'd let me restart (but I did say it was my first visit).  My bowl was great and I'm not known for my cooking.

I'm glad I was brought in to Genghis Grill before reading the Yelp reviews.  Dee S.'s review would have been enough to keep me away as cross contamination possibilities is a huge No for me.  I don't know if the manager/owner saw the review but when I went last night Genghis Grill was spotless, the service was great, the food was fresh.  I also don't think it's expensive for what I picked out but then I've been switching to organic and high end products for the 'home kitchen' so maybe I'm just past sticker shock for good quality products.  The complaint about the waiting time, ok I did have to wait behind quite a few people who took their time and I'm sorry for the patient person who waited behind me as I tried to decide but was it overly long?  I didn't think so.  It's Vegas.  I've waited in traffic.  I've waited at the grocery store. I've waited in the DMV line.  I've waited at (insert name of an average sit down with waitress restaurant here).  It's not Mcbox fast food and so I didn't feel the wait time was an issue.

I will definitely be going back with my niece, sorry Yumm.....
I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The fact that you get to choose all your toppings, seasoning, sauce and starch, as someone else mentioned, if it's not good you can really only blame yourself. They even have little cards that show u what things to add to make a certain type of bowl. So if you wanted a teriyaki chicken bowl you would include chicken, broccoli, pineapple, teriyaki sauce and your choice of rice. The card has the calories on there as well so If you follow the recipe you can estimate about how many cals your taking in. I made a really tasty Thai chicken Bowl with their spicy peanut sauce and udon noodles and it was really good. My only gripe was there was not enough sauce so it was a little dry which was my own fault. The server was friendly and attentive and we left full. The only thing i can say negative was right by the bathrooms there was this rank smell coming from I guess the kitchen area. Makes you wonder what's really going on.
I like the fact that you can make and build your own meal but the older lady that runs the front seriously scares me. I dig this place for what it is. I love getting the pulled pork with spinach, egg, sprouts and fried rice. But to call this place "Mongolian" is kind of a joke.
I work in the food industry so I completely understand how much a bad review can hurt a business. I hate to contribute to it, but what happened on my last visit was completely unacceptable. 
I came in on Tuesday and went thru the line, packed my bowl full of food that I knew were with in my dietary restrictions. I have a severe gluten intolerance, and I knew that genghis was good about listing ingredients and giving out special tickets based on dietary restrictions, which is what got me excited about going to eat there.
when I got to the cooking station I told them about my intolerance and I got the special blue ticket making it know to the staff.
as I was eating my food, (my base of which was white steamed rice) I kept pulling wheat noodle after  wheat noodle out of my mouth. I was very very upset. I told the waitress, without trying to be to rude but still trying to get my point across, she was really nice and went and told a manager, but I heard nothing after that. The manager never came over to me, and nothing was done about my food. I still had to pay 12 dollars for a meal that made me sick afterwards.
Things like this can NOT happen if your goal is to make allergies a priority in the restaurant. I have no interest in coming back.
Went twice since opening. Both times ended up with bubble guts. The last trip (today) I couldn't even make it home. 

Will not be back. And I grew up loving and craving Mongolian BBQ, but I can't stomach this place. *pun intended*
Totally love their fun mongolian establishment! It is self serve, but they've got all the cool stuff, and an extensive selection of ingredients to choose from! So much you'd be so undecided on what to choose. So...after coming here a few times already, here's my advice:

1.) THE DREADED SILVER PLATE: They give you a silver plate which looks really small and depressing because halfway through filling your silver plate with stuff, you realize that the silver bowl is wwwaaaaayyyy too small, and you'll learn that really quick once you get your cooked food since they all shrink down to size after being cooked.
MY SUGGESTION: pile high. no joke. PILE HIGH. don't be shameful. don't second guess. Yess....this is your game of jenga or tetris with food. Pile as high as you can. If you have to smush with your hands do it (it's not a crime to pile high nor is it a crime to take your time, people can go around you...). 

2.) TASTE TEST YOUR FLAVORS! You can taste as much sauces as you'd like, and you can mix them. If you're not sure try them, and! The fun labels tell you EXACTLY what it pairs well with. 

3.) INDECISIVE? DON'T KNOW WHERE TO START? No worries, in the beginning of the line they have fun recipe cards you can use and to help you start so then if you're looking to put in your flavor...you can play around with it. Think of it as an inspiration card.

4.) CHOOSE YOUR STARCH: I usually go with the brown rice. I love that that they have brown rice and I'm sure you healthy eaters will too. Think it's not enough? You can request for double!

5.) SELF SERVE COKE MACHINE: High five selling coke products, but even more of a high five for having that cool new digital coke machine! Mix and match every flavor known to man! You'll be sure to be indecisive in a drink here too.

6.) SUPER COOL TOUCH PAD: Here, you can split your tap with your lunch date and fun touch pad games while waiting.

**I love that this brings an opportunity to just get creative. You can be really interactive with it. 
It does get busy during lunch, and the wait does take some time, so if you're in during your lunch break, expect that your meal won't come out in time for you to get back to the office.
I liked the idea of how you create your own bowl. Our waitress was very nice, it was our first time and she explained how it all works. Plenty of options... Little expensive for my taste. All in all, the food was great, and I will be back!
This used to be my favorite restaurant, we have gone there for years, starting in early 2000 in the Plano TX location, and through all the different changes they've tried it's still been my favorite. Today we went and it's the first time that I sincerely think we will never go back.  They changed their food service, they have 3 different sizes to choose from. Small, medium, large. The medium is the old style dish. We decided to try the large, it's barely larger then the medium bowl and it's $2 more. They no longer have all you can eat, we were told you can pay $5 to go back up. So now you pay more to eat less. I overheard the manager tell people these changes were for better customer service, to give ppl more options. No one but kids will eat the small, so who were the options for if you used to just be able to pay $2 extra for all you can eat? It's not for the customer experience, it's corporate greed at its finest.  Then they now give you paper cards to carry with you as you feel your bowl, to hand to the griller's. What am I supposed to do with the paper card while I'm trying to use both hands to hold my bowl and reach under sneeze guard for food to put in my bowl? Bad ideas, did anyone ever try these ideas out before implementation? Extremely disappointed that corporate greed to increase profits year over year is ruining this restaurant the same way it's ruined so many over the years.
Me and my bf went to try out their food just because it's close to home and we pleased. The service was excellent and the food was very good. 2 drinks, 2 medium dinners and an appetizer came to $40.00. We were told to pile our food high but  did realize just how how we needed to pile. We  both got Udon noodles as a starch and it somewhat overwhelmed our plate.So when they say "pile high", listen:-) They also have a computer type device on the table which was fun. I will definitely go back!
I really enjoyed this my family and I had been looking for a Mongolian BBQ place here in Vegas. I love the service straight from the door they greeted us well. The different choices of meat was great even pepperoni! Only one missing was shrimp. I like the full bar as well. They have different sauces to choose from be it teriyaki or spicy chili garlic. I really enjoyed the special three G's sauce and when you get to the cooks you goose if you want steamed,brown,fried rice pasta noodles or cabbage. They even asked if we had food allergies I respected that. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a good meal that you can say you picked every ingredient including your seasoning! I'm definitely a regular now!!
I have given this place 3 or 4 chances and each time it has gotten worse.

My last visit the server was not very attentive. 

When we went to go get the ingredients, the area where they had the meats and veggies. Was so disgustingly dirty like food everywhere and all messy. Some things not fully refilled. So gross. But we still gave it another chance. The food was just ok pretty sure it made us kind of sick afterwards. 

Do not come here it's disgusting
I've read the bad reviews from people who have actually eaten there, but I was another "walk-out" before trying. I knew there would be a problem when the server tried to tell me how simple it was. "Just pick your protein" she said several times.  Next she admonished to pile on the vegetables because they "shrunk down to nothing!"  So, I was handed this tiny bowl that had to accommodate both!  What should I do? The last time I had so much pressure was a Vegas timeshare presentation!  I had an idea, go with one of the bowl suggestions on the board behind me.  So I said to the kitchen helper, "make me a Korean Bowl, please."   Her reply was "you do that, the description of ingredients is only a guide."  My wife said, "ok, where's the scallops?"  That was when she was told they only had them at night.  Genghis Khan was a barbarian and true to its name, this place was pretty barbaric. Fortunately, we escaped with our lives!
Best Mongolian grill I've had. If you go make sure to try the saracha chicken. Sooooo good!
I have been to many Mongolian BBQs and have never been to one that I would not re-visit......until now!  When I was greeted at the door (not knowing anything about this particular place) I asked if they cooked on the typical Mongolian BBQ flat grill and I was told no. Then an annoying waitress sat us and explained how it works and then took us to the food section and pointed out the "protein", "veggies", "sauces" and "starches". We selected our food from the buffet-style area. The food containers were under a hood but were so low and far back that it was really difficult to get your food. AND, almost 1/2 of the serving utensils were lying down in the food where they could spread germs etc etc.  from people handling them and putting them back. The dish, that my food was served in, had a chip in it the size of a dime. (did not notice right away cause it had food over it)
And last but not least.....I could not identify ANY taste that came with it. My mouth felt as though it was sticking together with glue. On each table was a mini-tablet that had video games and a few pages of ads for the food served within the restaurant. Not totally showing the whole spectrum of food but ....? The absolute best thing was that after your food is served, this little tablet called a "Presto" has your bill available to you and you can swipe your CC or Debit card at the table and get the hell out of there without any other dis-satisfactions. 

Pros: Had a GREAT bowel movement the next day!!
I love genghis grill!! My first time that I went I made a really small bowl but this time I piles it on!! They changed their system now. You pick a size bowl and then they give you a bowl to pile your stuff in according to your selection. PRICES went up people!! $9 for small $12 for medium and $16 for a large. 

Udon noodles are delicious and the honey teriyaki is the sauce to go with!! WARNING...if youchoose to put calamari in your bowl...once the food is cooked and all is said and done it is very chewy because it was over cooked on the grill. So make sure you don't use that as a main meat source.

I love the coke machine. I can try various selections that I have never had much less never even heard of. Raspberry coke, interesting but delicious.

They did ask if I wanted a to go  box and they gave my daughter a to go box. So maybe the price jack included the to go box because before you couldn't take anything home unless you purchased the bottomless bowl which was damn near $20.

All in all a great place with great food....but bring a jacket because it is always and I mean always freezing!!
Love this place!!! Choose your own meats, veggies and sauces.  Then have it grilled with noodles, rice or other type of starch. If you don't like it....you can only blame yourself. 3 sizes of bowls with a bottomless option. You won't walk out hungry!
I love this place & got a belated bday bowl. The food is great. Sometimes the service is hit or miss. Like of your explaining the new concept to someone at the bar area let people who are hungry & waiting behind who know how to go in front.
You build you're own bowl so if it tastes horrible you're to blame. The variety of ingredients is pretty decent but overall there really isn't anything special about this place. The quality is pretty average and their limited menu for appetizers is a little disappointing. 

Good if you really need a quick bite and don't want to give into the temptation of fast food.
They recently made some changes and it stinks. They have different and less options than last time. The sizes and prices of their bowls are kind of a joke. Not sure if I will return. The staff is overwhelming.
I really dont see where these one and 2 star reviews are coming from. I eat out a lot due to my lifestyle and having no time to cook. Due to working out and keeping in shape I eat at Teriyaki Madness, Greens and Proteins and my favorite Genghis Grill. I come here 4 days a week and have never had any problems. Great A+service, I'm always welcomed once I come in, staff is always helpful and the General Manager Reagan is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. She goes above and beyond to make sure you have an enjoyable experience each time you visit. Its hard to find good healthy food on the go because this country has fast food places at every corner and the pricest are cheap. Normally trying to eat healthy cost you a lot of money. So instead of going to a fast food place and getting a fatting meal and a soda for $6-$7.00 why not come here a get a healthy meal and an unsweetned ice tea for a few dollars more. Where else in the valley can you go where you can put as much meat on your bowl as you can with no weight limit? I can get enough meat on one regular size bowl (there is a strategy to it) and I can get two feeling meals out of it.  There are plenty of meats to choose from, a lot of seasonings, vegetables are always fresh, plenty of sauces to choose from and at the end you can choose your starch.  It takes me about 4 minutes to complete my bowl and 15 minutes for them to cook it before I'm on my way to work. Teriyaki Madness is good but you can get burned out on it because its cooked the same way.  Teriyaki Madness used to be generous with their meet but as they expanded and are known there starting to get stingy. With Genghis Grill you control how your bowl is. If your on a low sodium diet you control the amount of seasoning you can put in it. If your tired of a sauce, there are plenty of others to try from so I never get burned out from eating there. I already have 10 free bowls. 80% of being fit is what your eating. You can work out all day but if your diet is wrong you wont see results. Life is fast paced nowadays and if you got kids at practice and your wife or husband works as well as you its hard to cook everyday. This is a great option if you live life on the go like me.
In all the food and the prices are really good the young lady who is the hostess is not very approachable and has a real smug attitude.   The grill coach is sloppy and did act like really cared about our food.  He wasn't careful and he drop items out our bowl before he put them on the grill.  Sloppy cook, needs to be retrained on how to handle people's food.    Our server at the table save the experience .   Boo to the hostess and the grill cook is a slob !   We will try again.
After seeing this place on the news last night  me and my wife decided to have lunch here today. When we arrived we were asked if this was our first time here and we informed the waitress it was she and the rest of the staff walked us thru on how to build our bowls and sauces. I don't really remember our waitress's name or the manager's name I was happy with our meals. We will definitely be back soon
I have been to Genghis Grill a few times already and I really like this place, I always tell my friends about it too. This place is good, but it should be great. The concept is easy.. You build your own bowl with your choice of protein, veggies, sauce/seasonings and starches. My bowls always taste really good so as far as that it's perfect. What I'm not 100% on is the service. The staff is always very nice, but I feel like I am being suffocated by them. When you are first seated you wait for your server to come and I feel like they just talk sooo much and explain what I already know, this bugs since they ask if you know how the build your own bowl works. I feel they need more choices for appetizers, specially since they have 120 drink choices. The food line always looks like a mess.. I understand it's self serve, but that's why it should be kept cleaner. There's plenty of ingredient choices so every time you go there you can make a totally different bowl. Once you complete your bowl it only takes a few minutes for it to be cooked. I like that they are done quick, I just don't like that the bowls are not brought out together. I hate eating before everyone has their food and I had to wait a couple of minutes before I could have a bite since we were missing one bowl. I do believe all the plates should be brought out together. On this last visit out service visited our table about 4 times.. I feel that's a bit much since she wasn't removing anything from our table or filling up drinks (self serve as well). I will keep recommending this place to everyone because the food really is great, you'll enjoy your creation. As far as everything else, there really will be flaws.
If I could zero stars I would!!! Half cooked rice, out if shrimp and the scallops were questionable.
Man, talk about an express rental of food, if you know what I mean.  I think this place is a little gimmicky and the food is just so so.
Big disappointment & an even bigger ripoff -  $68 for limp, overlooked edamame, 4 medium sized bowls & 4 drinks is ridiculous. Especially when the food you end up with isn't even that good. I've been to many good Mongolian BBQ places & unfortunately, this wasn't one. 
My hubby & youngest son had been there before & liked it, my oldest son & I had not. 
1st disappointment was that they were out of shrimp. I was trying to build a variation of their firecracker bowl which has shrimp, calamari & scallops in it so that was annoying. The guy just said they weren't carrying shrimp anymore. Really? Maybe they shouldn't have shrimp listed on their menu as an option then. 
Something else to note, not a disappointment, but def another annoyance.. It was extremely difficult to reach the food bins in the very back row bc the sneeze guards are so low. I'm not short nor do I have short arms.. 5'10" & I'm sure I looked ridiculous trying to reach the veggies that I wanted lol
Last but not least, I had to completely remake my bowl bc the 1st one was inedible. Well, actually my hubby remade it bc at that point, I was over the whole "experience" & just wanted to leave. The calamari rings were closer to rubber bands & the whole thing just tasted "off" Bad seafood-not good!
The food is alright... It seems like the food stations were unkept... They needed to add more items to the bowls
Drove out here from Cali for the weekend and noticed I had a microwave in my hotel room. I looked up big eatery spots locally rather than the strip because Vegas is known internationally for their food. Genghis Grill came highly recommended by the locals. I went in around lunchtime and got the large bowl. I love this semi-buffet-ness of picking out your own portions of proteins and veggies and then having them cooked up in your face Benihana style with your choice of starch.(If this place would had more protein choices, I would have gave this place 5 stars) You're responsible for your portions, sauces and seasoning so, if it doesn't taste good, you got nobody to blame but yourself. When getting your bowl cooked up by the chefs, give 'em at least of couple dollars so they cook your food more thorough with love. You even get to get your own drinks, so if you're thirsty....again blame yourself. Service was friendly and decent. You get up and do everything yourself so they're minimal anyways in your experience. For basically $20 I got to eat 2 meals in one day and had more money and time left to play the tables. Definitely have a good game plan when you come in here to maximize your bowl. I like to stack proteins then veggies on top of each other in that order. Good eats and experience.
"Met expectations" is about how I would sum it up.  Standard Asian Buffet with Americanized Chinese, about a dozen different choices of sushi roles (even some sashimi that I skipped), a Mongolian grill station, a noodle soup station (had roast duck for the noodle soup but I did not try it), and an American station.  By "met expectations" I mean that the food ranged from ok to no-so-ok (the baked salmon fillet was dryer than I thought salmon could get), with none of it great.  That said, it's cheap, and one of the cheaper place to get sushi for my kid, who thinks the sushi from the case at Woodmans is "great" (so why should I take him to Murimoto?) 

Will probably be back when the kids ask for it since it is close to home and one kid can get sushi and the other can get pizza.  

Service was good, plates were cleared quickly between rounds at the buffet. 

Take-out is available by the pound.
Really decent! The sushi is fresh and quite good for a buffet. I liked everything I put on my plate for the most part. I was a little disappointed that they use instant mashed potatoes....but whatever. Also, soda refills are NOT free and that came as a bit of a surprise when the bill came, seeing as how our server made no mention of this. Despite bad mashed potatoes and paying for soda refills, World Buffet was exactly what I expected and what I wanted on a night I couldn't bring myself to make dinner. I wouldn't come here for a nice night out, but it really did the trick tonight. We left full and happy, and I believe that even the pickiest eater could find something they enjoy.
Nothing special, but a little better than the "average Chinese buffet."  I didn't get any water or drinks when I arrived, but that's not too big of a deal to me.  Overall the experience met my expectations and I would return in the future.

Pros: They have all-you-can pho, clean, plates cleared quickly, attentive/friendly staff,

Cons: Slow to replenish food, some food looked like they sat out way to long, charged for soda refills
Blech. Sorry. I try to find one positive even with places I don't care for. The hostess was very sweet and friendly. I got food to go, but things needed to replenished at 6:30 and what we did try was mediocre at best. Won't be back.